


Far Horizons
Copyright ©2012 Katharine Swartz
Smashwords Edition


All rights reserved

Cover by www.authorsoundrelations.com 


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please delete it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. To obtain permission to excerpt portions of the text, please contact the author at katehewitt@kate-hewitt.com.  

This is a work of fiction. All of the characters and events portrayed in this book are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Table of Contents:

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Author’s Note
About The Author

CHAPTER ONE

Isle of Mull, 1819

The sea was calm tonight. Harriet Campbell stared across its flat gray surface and wondered how far The Economy of Aberdeen had travelled in one day. There wasn't much wind. Perhaps it was still close to shore, nestled among the green curves of the inner Hebrides, waiting for the wind to pick up and take her to the New World, the New Scotland.
Only that morning The Economy had set sail from Tobermory, on Harriet's home island of Mull, and it had taken her heart with it.
She sighed, and a slight breeze ruffled her bonnet strings. It wasn't as if the voyage had come as a surprise. The MacDougalls had been planning to emigrate for several years now. Harriet had known this day would come. What she hadn't known was what Allan would ask of her the day before he sailed.
“Care for one last stroll?” he'd said as he poked his head round the door of the Campbells' kitchen late yesterday morning. Harriet had been in the midst of the weekly ironing, and the kitchen was full of drying sheets, flapping like the sails of the ship Allan would be travelling on the very next day.
“Allan!” A rush of sweet sorrow swept over her. Whenever Allan had business on Mull, he made sure to stop at Achlic Farm, and that usually meant staying for tea as well as taking a walk with Harriet. She loved the times when they simply walked together in easy companionship, needing no words between them. 
Since they were tiny children, she and Allan had been close. Kindred spirits, her mother used to say, formed at the cradle. The Campbell and MacDougall families had always enjoyed a close friendship, ever since Harriet's grandmother had married Allan's great-uncle. That made them kin, no matter how distant, yet a bond far dearer than that existed between Allan and Harriet.
She couldn't really remember a time without him. One of her first memories was when she was four years old, and lost out in the rain. They’d gone to a kirk meeting up on the hillside, since the first Riddell baronet wouldn’t build them a church, even though he owned nearly all the land from here to Fort William. The service had been long, and she had wandered away. She didn’t remember much, only that it had started to drizzle and she’d felt cold and frightened until Allan had found her, huddled among the rocks at Duart Castle. How she'd managed at that age to walk all that way, Harriet had no idea, but she could still remember the relief of seeing seven year old Allan, mixed with a childish pique that it had taken him so long to fetch her. She also remembered the reassuring warmth of his hand as he led her back home. 
Although the MacDougalls lived on the mainland, they managed to visit Mull at least once a month, and each time Allan and Harriet remained by the other's side, as if they'd been stitched together.
“I'd think it strange,” Betty MacDougall, Allan's mother, had once said, “if it didn't seem so right.”
And it did feel right... they'd never run out of things to talk about, even when they were silent. They'd delighted in the same things, laughed at the same private jokes, shared the same dreams. 
Over the years they’d exchanged letters, full of ideas and laughter, of distant hopes yet unrealized, yet never making mention of what Harriet now burned to know.
Did Allan love her? Love her, not as a sister or friend but a woman he wanted to spend his life with? She knew him like the back of her own hand or even her own heart, but she still didn’t know the answer to that question.
“Can you free yourself from all these sheets?” he asked, lifting up his hands in wry defense from the flapping cotton. 
Harriet laughed, even though she could not quite rid herself of a certain wariness. She didn’t know if she could face a final farewell, not when so much she’d hoped for had been left unsaid.
“Get away with you.” Eleanor, Harriet's eleven year old sister, smiled and shook her head. “There's nothing here that can't wait. I'll make the pastry for tonight's pie, and you can have all the time in the world.” Her hazel eyes sparkled with kind mischief. “Or as much of it as you can before tomorrow’s sailing.”
Harriet nodded in acceptance. It would be rude and foolish to refuse Allan, and she knew she didn’t really want to. She wondered if she could refuse him anything.
Besides, farewells had to be said at some point, whether at the kitchen door or somewhere more private. “Thank you, Eleanor. You're a good lass, and a help to me.” Harriet patted her sister’s shoulder before taking Allan's arm and walking out into the sunshine.
It was a perfect summer's morning, breezy yet with the sun still warm on her face, a few cottony clouds scudding along the horizon. The air was scented with peat and heather and sunshine, and Harriet wondered if Allan would miss it when he left. The smell of home... the only home either of them had known.
Neither of them spoke for a few minutes as they walked along the rolling hills and meadows that stretched out from the Campbells’ farm in the center of Mull all the way to the eastern shore. David Campbell was one of the last small landowners in this part of Western Scotland; he owned two hundred acres of sheep pasture and he clung to it with tenacious pride. 
Allan and Harriet followed the tumbled rocks of a dry stone wall until they reached the old ruins of Duart Castle. A little over a hundred years ago the castle had been the magnificent stronghold of the clan Maclean, and then afterwards an army garrison. Now it lay abandoned, grass growing in the main hall, the roof gaping with holes and the walls crumbled. 
With an icy pang of dread, Harriet wondered if her own dreams were likely to follow a similar path. At this moment, with Allan having never said a word to her about his intentions, it seemed far too likely.
She glanced at Allan, his expression preoccupied, a frown line etched faintly between his brows. His dark hair was ruffled by the wind, the brown eyes Harriet knew so well now shadowed with concern. He caught her glance and smiled ruefully, but there seemed little cause now for real joy or even the easy companionship of former days. All there was really left to say, Harriet thought with another cold pang, was farewell and Godspeed.
“Remember when I found you here?” Allan asked, interrupting her dark thoughts. “You were curled up among the rocks, looking for all the world as if you were just waiting for someone to come along.”
“So I was.” Harriet turned to him, smiling in memory. “It seems a long time ago, now.” Allan nodded, and she ventured quietly, “everything's ready, I suppose.” 
Allan nodded. “We'll spend the night at the inn in Tobermory before boarding ship. One hundred and eighty-five passengers... you've never seen so many people there.”
Harriet nodded. A sailing to America was always a major event in this remote corner of Scotland. Tobermory itself was no more than a few fishing cottages huddled against a rocky shore; it had been formed only thirty years ago as a planned settlement in order to encourage the herring trade, but few farmers had the knack for fishing. They wanted land of their own to sow and reap, and too much of it already was being taken over by grazing pasture for the far more profitable sheep.
Harriet swallowed past the sudden lump in her throat as she imagined all of the MacDougalls’ worldly belongings on board that boat, and Allan and his family with them. Allan gone, and foolishly, it felt sudden. It wasn’t as if his departure had caught her by surprise. They'd both known it would happen. Allan's father, Alexander MacDougall, had talked of nothing else since the clearances had begun. 
“Land for the taking... fish fair jump into your hand. And you can be your own man there, no dancing to another’s tune.” Sandy MacDougall’s face would harden at this point, for the only reason his family lived at Mingarry Farm was because his wife’s distant kin said it could be so.
Sir James Miles Riddell, the Second Baronet of Ardnamurchan, owned forty miles of land on the western shores of Scotland and the isle of Mull. He’d appointed Alexander as one of his tacksmen, to collect his tenants’ rents and hand them over, which was as unpopular a job as one could ever imagine, made even more so by Riddell’s recent intent to turn farmland into grazing pasture... and tenants out of their crofts and cottages. 
“No more than a jumped up tradesman,” Sandy had said on more than one occasion, for the Riddells came from merchants in Edinburgh and had only bought the baronetcy a generation ago. They spent most of their time in Berwick, although they lined their pockets with farmers’ rents all year long. “Asks me to do his dirty work while he scuttles out of the way,” Sandy would say with a shake of his head. So far the Enclosure Acts hadn’t affected this remote part of Scotland as badly as other parts of the Highlands, but Harriet knew it was only a matter of time. Sandy did too, which was why he’d been so eager to emigrate.
“Everyone is his own man in the New Scotland,” he’d announce at nearly every family gathering. “Imagine such a thing!”
Harriet had heard these fervent proclamations for years. At one point, Sandy had tried to convince Harriet’s father, David, to emigrate with them, but he wouldn’t budge. “The Campbells have lived on this farm for fifty years,” David said grimly. “My father bought the deed free and clear, when there was still land for the taking. And we won’t be moved out by a bunch of sheep, I can tell you that.”
“It might not be that simple,” Sandy warned, but Harriet’s father had just shaken his head. Harriet suspected her family did not have the resources to emigrate, certainly not in the style the MacDougalls anticipated. The MacDougalls had already picked out their parcel of land on the Flatte River on Prince Edward Island, five hundred acres they could call their own.
Three months ago Allan had taken her aside, on a walk much like this one except a hard frost covered the ground and the sky was pewter gray. He’d held her hands lightly in his and told her they were emigrating.
“July, I expect. Father’s arranging the passage.”
“And what will you do?” Harriet had struggled between an even, practical tone and giving into the terrible numbness that threatened to overwhelm her. Allan... gone. An ocean and a lifetime away.
Allan was silent for a moment. He kicked at the stony ground with the toe of his boot. “Help Father with the farm, I suppose,” he said after a moment. “Although like him, I have dreams.”
“Do you?” Harriet lifted her chin, but did not dare ask what kind of dreams he had, and whether she was included in them, despite the unspoken hope that still kindled her heart. 
“Ah, Harriet.” He opened his mouth to speak, then closed it. Yet there was a look of longing and even hunger in his eyes that Harriet instinctively responded to. She took a step forward, their hands still clasped.
She did not have the courage then to ask him what he wanted to say. If Allan were to propose, surely now was the time, and yet when she raised her eyebrows in expectation and more than a little hope, he simply shook his head and looked away.
Harriet had slid her cold hands from his. The moment had passed, and in desolation she wondered if she would ever know if Allan thought of her as just a friend, or what she wanted to be if given the chance.
In the long, cold months since then, Allan had not given her one word of encouragement. Not one word of hope that she might be included one day in these far off plans and dreams. 
Even though they had continued to exchange letters and visit, their conversations always skirted the subject of the MacDougalls’ departure, or any deeper feelings either of them might possess. Harriet began to wonder if she’d imagined the years of tenderness and affection between them. The easy companionship she’d always felt with Allan, had always depended on, began to feel strained and awkward, and that loss grieved her as much as his actual departure.
Now, knowing this would be the last time she’d see him in who knew how long--perhaps, her heart whispered, forever--she longed for at least that easy companionship to be restored. If she couldn’t be Allan’s wife, then she still wished to be his friend. 
 “It’s a grand thing you’re facing,” she said as they stood by the bluff, looking out to a placid, slate-colored sea. She plucked a sprig of heather and held it to her cheek. “All that adventure.” She inhaled the clean scent of the heather. If she closed her eyes she didn’t have to look at Allan’s face, see the uncertainty reflected there.
“Ah, Harriet.” Harriet opened her eyes and Allan gave her a smile twisted with bittersweet hope and regret. “You know adventure isn't my calling, not like Archie.” 
Harriet knew Allan's younger brother as a lovable scamp, someone who managed to get in and out of scrapes with equal ease. “Still, I imagine you’ll enjoy it,” she said a bit stiffly. “You’ve wanted to be your own man, same as your father, Allan.”
“Aye, I have.” Allan gazed out at the sea, his eyes as dark and fathomless as its calm surface. “I hope I’ll have that chance in the new world.”
“So you should.”
There was a moment of silence, awkward and tense. Allan forced a smile. “Father had been talking about emigrating for so long. I wouldn't wonder if half of Kilchoan thought we'd never leave.”
“They'll believe it now,” Harriet replied. “What with Mingarry Farm let out and all of you gone... there won't be a single MacDougall on the mainland.” Her voice was brittle, and she fought a rising sense of despair. How could they talk as if this leaving wasn’t rending at least one of them in two?
She turned away, wrapping her arms around herself to ward off the chilly breeze from the sea.
“Harriet...” Allan began but she spoke over him, afraid of the note of apology in his tone.
“I think Rupert and Margaret will get on at Achlic,” she said with false brightness. “I’m sure I’ll appreciate the company.” 
Allan's younger sister and brother were staying in Scotland to finish their education. An arrangement had been made for them to board at Achlic Farm, with Rupert and Margaret taking lessons with Harriet’s brother Ian in Tobermory. “Ian and Rupert get along so well as it is...” she continued, stopping suddenly when Allan took her by the shoulders.
“It's not them I want to talk about,” he said, his voice sounding rusty until he cleared his throat with unaccustomed nervousness. “It's you... and me. I've just been working up the courage to say it.”
Harriet’s heart fluttered so she felt almost breathless, even dizzy with both trepidation and excitement. “You've no need of courage with me, Allan MacDougall,” she said, but her voice sounded strange to her own ears. She could hardly believe that Allan was only finding the courage now--now, when he was to sail with the dawn--to speak his mind, and perhaps his heart. “We've always had plain words between us.” She met his gaze squarely.
“I know.” Allan grasped her hands in his own. “And it's plain words I'll use. I love you, Harriet Campbell, and I always have, since the day I found you here, hiding among the rocks. It was meant to be, between us. I've always known it.”
“Oh, you have?” The note of cold skepticism in her voice took them both by surprise. These words were ones she’d longed to hear, but not now. Not now, when it was surely too late.
Allan frowned. “Surely you’ve known it.”
“If I did, it wasn’t because of your many words on the subject!” Harriet retorted, and Allan smiled wryly.
“I didn’t want to bind you...”
“Why not?” Her demand came out harsh, and she pulled away, her back to him. She couldn’t face him, face the useless promises he was making now, when he left on the morrow. She’d imagined this conversation so many times, had expected to feel joy, not pain. Not anger, and certainly not despair.
“Harriet...” Allan began. He sounded lost, as lost as she’d been all those years ago, curled up among the stones of Duart Castle. Her anger drained away and she closed her eyes, summoned a silent prayer for strength.
Straightening, she turned around. “What is it you want to say to me, Allan?”
He drew in a deep breath. “I know it's much to ask. I ask it anyway, for love of you and believing the love you have for me. Will you wait for me, Harriet? Wait for me to come back to this land when I've made my fortune and bring you home to the New Scotland with me?”
Harriet was silent. She struggled with the bitterness and resentment that surged up inside her at his presumption to ask such a thing of her, and so late! “You’ve known you were leaving for months,” she finally said when she trusted her voice to be even. “Why ask me now? If you loved me...?”
 “I told you, I didn’t want to bind you...” Allan’s gaze was steady upon her but Harriet still sensed he was not speaking the whole truth.
“Bind me?” She shook her head, her words nearly carried away on the wind that was now rising, ruffling the surface of the sea. “What are you doing now, Allan, but binding me? Binding me to an empty promise, for you’re sailing on the morrow!” She felt tears sting her eyes and she blinked hard.
Anger flashed in his dark eyes. “My promises are not empty!”
Harriet was too furious, too raw with this new grief, to apologize. “If you’d asked me months ago, Allan MacDougall, we could have been married by now! I could’ve been sailing on The Economy with you, looking forward to our new life together, perhaps a bairn in my arms already!” Her heart raced at her own audacity, but now she couldn’t keep back the flood of regret and confusion. “Why?” she whispered.
Allan looked away, his expression wretched. “I... couldn’t. Perhaps I shouldn’t even ask you now, with my prospects so uncertain--”
“And leave me here, thinking you didn’t care? Have you any heart at all?”
Allan drew himself up. “Aye, I do, and more honor.”
“I’m not seeing that from here.”
Allan turned away, raking a hand through his dark hair. His whole body seemed to quiver with tension. “Ah, Harriet, don’t make me do this!”
“What am I forcing you to do?” Harriet cried. “You’re the one asking for promises!”
Allan sat on a tumbled rock, his fists in his hair, an expression of such ferocity on his face that Harriet nearly quelled her tide of angry questions. 
When he spoke, however, his voice was calm and even. “When I tell you that I love you, do you believe me?”
Harriet swallowed. Despite the raw grief that threatened to tear her in two, of that she was sure. “Yes.”
“When I tell you I’ll come back as soon as I can, do you believe me?”
She scrubbed at her now-wet cheeks with her fists. “Yes.”
“Will you wait for me, then, Harriet? Can I take that promise with me? I wouldn’t ask if I didn’t intend to honor it with my very life, my own soul.” He stood up, his expression fierce in its sincerity. He touched her cheek with his fingers, brushing away the damp tracks of her tears. “I know you don’t understand, and if I could explain, I would. It’s my own honor that keeps me from doing so.”
“I don’t understand why you cannot explain,” she cried and Allan smiled sadly.
“I know.”
“So,” Harriet said slowly, “I am supposed to understand something kept you from declaring yourself to me months ago? And you cannot tell me what it was?”
“I would rather not.”
She held up one hand. Her fingers trembled. “Answer me this. If you could have asked me to marry you, would you have done so? When you first learned you were emigrating?”
Allan rubbed a hand over his face, the answer drawn from him reluctantly. “Yes.”
Harriet stared at the strewn stones of Duart Castle, once a mighty fortress, now little more than mossy rock. It didn’t take much to ruin lives, she thought, only time. She raised her gaze to meet his own troubled one. He looked so tired, she thought, and so worried. She was used to seeing those dark eyes glinting with humor, not shadowed with worry and sorrow. And as she looked at him, as if to memorize every line of his dear face, she realized. “You did ask,” she said slowly. “Didn’t you?”
Allan pressed his lips together. “Harriet--”
“Tell me,” she implored. “Please, Allan. Surely it would not tarnish your honor to do so. How am I to go on not knowing? Not understanding?”
Allan managed a small, rueful smile, although his eyes were still dark with pain. “You seem to have grasped the nettle already.”
Harriet nodded. The new knowledge weighed heavily inside her, like a stone. “You asked my father,” she said, “and he said no.”
“I’m a man of little prospects at the moment, Harriet. I appreciate his position.”
“You’re the tacksman’s son! You’re richer than we are!” She spun away, her temper rising to the fore once more. She’d always been too given to high emotions, and no more so than now when it looked as if everything she’d ever wanted was to be denied her.
“We don’t own our land,” Allan said quietly, “the way your father does.”
“But you will in the New Scotland. Five hundred acres--”
“It’s an uncertain proposition, though. Life will be hard there. I don’t even know how hard, but I’ve heard tales of how harsh the land is. Snow three feet deep all winter long.”
She closed her eyes, her hands curled into fists at her sides, and willed her temper to recede. “What did he say to you, then?” 
Allan was silent for a moment. “He told me to wait till I’d established myself, had my own land. Actually...” There was a wry thread of humor in Allan’s voice now as he continued. “He told me that when I was no longer hanging on my father’s coattails, he might consider my suit.”
“How dare he say such a thing!”
“He is your father, cridhe. You must respect him, as I did.” Allan reached for her wrist, stroking the soft skin on the inside with a movement so tender it made Harriet’s insides seem to dissolve. “Besides, he has the right of it. You deserve more than what I can offer you now. And in any case, you can’t leave Eleanor and Ian while they’re still so young, nor even Achlic. Not yet. Could you? If you had to choose?”
Harriet closed her eyes. She could still feel Allan’s fingers on her wrist, the gentlest and most thrilling touch she’d ever experienced. “I wasn’t given the choice.”
“I had to respect your father’s wishes.”
“He didn’t want you to speak to me at all,” Harriet guessed, and turned to see the flicker of acknowledgment on Allan’s face. “Then why,” she asked, her voice an ache, “are you now asking me to wait?”
“Because I’m weak.” Allan’s voice was rough with emotion. “Because I love you, and though honor bid me not speak, I couldn’t bear you not knowing. I couldn’t bear the thought of losing you.”
He cupped her cheek in his hand, and Harriet leaned into his palm. “I don’t know what brand of honor it is, that keeps men from speaking from their hearts.”
“Harriet.” He lifted her chin with his fingers, their lips a breath apart. “I love you. Do you love me?”
“Yes.” She could say nothing else; the truth was too strong in her heart. “There was never any question of that, not all these years.”
Allan drew her to him, and Harriet closed her eyes, savoring the feel of his roughened cheek against hers.
“I’ll come back,” he said in a hoarse whisper. “I promise you. As soon as I can. If you’ll wait for me--”
Harriet nodded in mute acceptance. So much could change, in both their lives. Who even knew what waited for him, on that distant shore? Or even what waited for her? Illness, misfortune, perhaps even death.
And yet...
Providence would see them through. By God’s grace they would, in time, be reunited. All she had to do was wait... and keep the faith. She lifted one hand to touch his cheek, the gesture one of farewell.
“Yes,” she said, “I’ll wait.”

CHAPTER TWO


Allan returned to Tobermory with a lighter heart, although worry and sorrow still picked at him. He hated seeing Harriet look so despondent. He wanted to remember her with laughing eyes, her red hair glinting in the sunlight as she teased or talked with him. He wished he had told her his intentions earlier, even though David Campbell had asked him not to, claiming his silence on the matter was fairer to Harriet. Yet David Campbell was a hard man, and Allan didn’t think he understood the bond he and Harriet had always shared. 
Even so, guilt and regret added their weight to his heart’s burden. Should he have said anything to Harriet at all? If her father had had his way, Allan would sailed without a word or even whisper of his intentions. And yet surely such silence would have been far greater a grief for Harriet to bear than waiting. At least now she knew how he felt, and that his promise was his word and his honor.
Allan made his way along the harbor, seagulls wheeling over the choppy gray waters, their cries lost on the wind. Tobermory’s one inn was heaving with people on the eve of sailing, for over two hundred Scots would be descending into the dark hold of The Economy tomorrow morning. Allan was grateful his father had, with his influence as local tacksman, been able to secure two rooms at the inn for his family’s comfort. Many families would be sleeping in back rooms or barns that chilly night.
Despite the cheerful fire blazing in the hearth of one of the rooms, and the rich mutton stew that Betty had brought from home and heated over the flames, the mood was somber. They all had their own thoughts and worries, Allan knew. He wasn't the only one with a fond farewell to make. 
His mother had said good-bye that morning to her sister, Ann Rankin, an aging widow who would stay at Mingarry after they'd left, at least until James Riddell appointed a new tacksman. After that Ann would have to board with Rankin relatives, either in Kilchoan or further afield. Allan knew it was doubtful the sisters would ever see each other again.
And what of Margaret and Rupert, staying behind? Allan glanced at his younger sister and brother, a sudden, fierce pang of sorrow assailing him. He had a special affection for sixteen year old Margaret, with her black eyes and hair, and her quick, sharp wit. And who could fail to love Rupert, scampish and lovable in his own puppyish way? 
He might never see them again. Sandy planned to bring them over in two years, when Rupert's education was complete, but there were no certainties in this life. Two years was a long time, and only God knew whether they would even survive the journey.
Allan glanced at his father, sitting at the head of the table with a benevolent and satisfied look on his face. Of all the family, Alexander MacDougall was the most eager to leave. Allan could still remember when he'd first broached the topic of emigration, five years ago.
“There's space in New Scotland,” he told Allan one evening after the others had gone to bed. “Space to be your own man.”
“There's space here,” Allan protested. “You're one of the most respected men in the county, Father, with one of the most prosperous farms.”
“Bah!” Sandy shook his head in disgusted dismissal. “Respected only because of James Riddell, and the power of his fist.”
James Miles Riddell was the second Baronet of Ardnamurchan; he’d come into his title when he was only a boy of ten. Now a man of some forty years, he was taking a greater interest in the profits of his rents and the lucrative possibility of grazing sheep rather than sowing crops. As tacksman Sandy was the one who had to deliver the news to the crofters who were being displaced. 
“There's a debt I owe to James Riddell,” Sandy said quietly, “that I mean to owe to no man. In the New World, Allan, we'll be free. Our house may not be as grand, or our farm so large, but it'll be a better place for all of us.”
At nineteen years old, Allan had felt a kindred longing in his own heart. He had dreams and ambitions of his own. Over the years he'd become increasingly aware of the hold the Riddell family had over them. It was a prison of some luxury, but Allan had come to realize that a prison was still a prison, no matter how comfortable the cell.
From that day, he found himself dreaming about Canada, a place where he too could be his own man, make his own way... wherever that path took him. 
Looking at Sandy now, Allan knew that his father would miss no one here. He was respected, but because of his position he had few true friends. For Sandy, leaving Scotland would hold few regrets. He wasn’t, Allan thought with a pang, leaving behind someone he loved.
After supper Allan and Archie went to the docks to check on their baggage, piled high in the shed and watched by two dozy stable lads. Betty had insisted on taking all their linens and china, and her own rocking chair as well. Satisfied all their belongings were well in hand, they turned back to their lodgings. Dusk was falling softly, the breeze rolling in from the murky water cool and damp.
“You've got a knowing smile,” Archie said with a sly glance. “Been to Achlic this morn, have you?”
“So I have,” Allan confirmed, his knowing smile turning to a full fledged grin. Just the memory of Harriet’s promise eased the worry in his heart. She would be faithful; he knew that. He shoved his hands in the pockets of his trousers and whistled a merry tune. “And a good visit it was, too.”
Archie raised his eyebrows. “You haven't asked Harriet to marry you?”
Allan shrugged. “I could hardly ask that, what with us sailing on the morrow. You know what her father said.” 
“Aye, he sent you packing!”
Allan suppressed the spark of irritation Archie so often kindled in him. “For the meantime, perhaps, but I’ve prospects, and David Campbell knows that. So does Harriet.”
 Archie stopped in the street, the cobbles slick with mist, his hands on his hips, a mocking smile curving his mouth. “Does she, indeed? I thought Campbell wanted your interest kept quiet. Said it was the most fair to Harriet.”
“He wants her at his bidding,” Allan retorted, then turned away, struggling for a calm tone. Picking a fight with his brother would serve no one. “I couldn’t leave without her knowing, Archie. It wouldn’t be fair to her. That kind of freedom to Harriet--it would be the worst sort of prison.”
“There never was a pair to hold a candle to the two of you,” Archie acknowledged. He fell into step with Allan, as easy as before, his quick words forgotten. That was Archie for you, light one moment, darkness the next. Allan had always been steadier, but he also held onto his anger. He knew he needed to let go of it, yet his brother always managed to bring up the worst in him. Archie clapped him on the shoulder, giving him an easy smile. “Everyone always hoped you'd be together.”
Allan gave a small smile. “There's a long road ahead of us yet. Although it will be as short as I can make it, I'll grant you that!” 
Ahead of them Allan could see the inn, the sign over the door swinging in the wind. The damp mist had turned to drizzle, needling his face.
“Have you told Father?” Archie asked. “He's not likely to be pleased.”
Allan hesitated, for although he had obeyed the letter of David Campbell’s law and not asked Harriet to marry him, he had surely flaunted its spirit, and, as Archie had said, his own father might not be best pleased. The thought made him uneasy, even as he felt a bone-deep certainty that to say nothing to Harriet would have been cruel. Now he stopped a few yards from the inn door and turned to face Archie. “Why shouldn’t Father be pleased?” he asked, keeping his own voice light. “Harriet's as fine a woman as there can be, and Father's always been fond of her.”
Archie shrugged. “You know him. He doesn't like anything happening without his knowing about it, or even doing it himself.”
“He can hardly ask Harriet for me,” Allan said, making a joke of it. “And I'm a grown man as it is. I'll live my own life, as I see fit.”
“Will you now?” Archie said softly. “And here was I, thinking you the loyal son.”
“I am loyal,” Allan replied sharply. He knew Archie was playing with him, as he often did. Allan never failed to rise to the lighthearted taunts, even though he'd long known better. Even as boys Archie had got the better of him with his mischief.
“Father would still want you to heed Campbell,” Archie continued, a sly note entering his voice. “If he said not to speak to her.”
“I’m my own man.” Allan turned to enter the inn, his hand on the old weathered door. From inside he heard the laughter and chatter of travellers around the fire, the clink of mugs of ale and the irritable shout of the innkeeper.
“And when we get to Canada?” Archie asked. “What will happen then? Father expects us all to work together on the land. There can be no other way, not in that wild country. We'll need every hand as it is.”
“I'm willing to work.” Allan’s hand rested on the door, but he did not turn the handle. Archie’s sly words were stirring up a ferment of doubt inside him, and he did not thank his brother for it.
“Will that satisfy Harriet’s father?” Archie pressed. “A son working his father’s land like a hired hand?”
“It’s not like that,” Allan said shortly. “And you know it. The farm will belong to all of us. When Father dies--”
“Oh, it will belong to us, will it? And who will be obeying Father’s orders, then? The sheep?”
Allan stared at his brother for a moment. He knew his father was autocratic, but he was kind and fair as well. In their work together, he’d never had cause to believe his father thought so little of his own judgment. Sandy often asked his advice on farming matters, and left Allan in charge of their fields when he had to be about his tacksman’s business. 
“He won’t be tacksman in Canada,” Archie continued softly. “No one to order about but his own sons, and instead of coin, the price will be blood.”
Allan’s gaze flickered to the lighted window upstairs, where he knew his family waited. For the first time he felt a true sliver of doubt needle his soul. His father didn’t like taking orders from Riddell, but Allan suspected he did enjoy the authority and prestige that came with his position as the baronet’s representative. “If you think like that,” he said quietly, “what do you intend to do about it?”
“I have plans.” Archie’s smile was pleasant, but Allan saw a hard determination in his brother’s eyes that surprised and chilled him.
“You can’t leave the farm,” he said after a moment. He could not even imagine where his brother would go; as far as he knew, there was little to recommend the New Scotland except for the endless expanse of untamed land. “Like you said, it’s a wild country. Father expects it.”
“Aye, he does.”
“It’s the way of it,” Allan continued, though he realized he was speaking as much to himself as to his brother. “If we acted differently...”
“What would happen?” Archie issued the challenge in a dangerously soft voice.
Allan could not imagine turning his back on his own father, the expectations of the life they’d lead in the new world. He wanted to be his own man, and till his own land, but not at the expense of his own father. “It would break him,” he said simply.
Archie laughed shortly. “I don’t think there’s anything to break that old bastard.” 
“Archie!” Allan glanced again at the lighted window. He’d never heard Archie speak with such cold contempt; it chilled him. “He’s our father,” he said, and Archie just shrugged, his eyes dark with defiance. 
“What I say is true, Allan, and the sooner you realize the kind of pleasant cage you live in, the better. Father’s spoken all sorts of claptrap about being your own man, working your own land, but you should realize the only man he’s talking about is himself.” He let out an abrupt laugh and shook his head. “You always did believe the best in everybody.” In one fluid movement, he moved past Allan and opened the front door, disappearing among the heaving crowd within.
Allan stared after him, his mind and heart now splintered with sharp new doubts. First Harriet’s father, now his own demanding from him what his honor insisted he fulfill. He wondered if it could lead him anywhere but to disappointment... or worse.
“Allan, there you are,” Betty said when Allan finally entered their lodging rooms. The remnants of a game of spillikins lay on the rickety wood table, with Archie sprawled next to it, his booted feet stretched out to the small coal fire. The rest of the family was assembled in the small room: Rupert and Margaret, who would return to Achlic on the morrow, and Betty and Sandy in the most comfortable chairs.
“Shall we have a song?” Betty asked with a tremulous smile. “Margaret, you've always had a lovely voice. Give us a song, then, or a poem.”
“Something lively, lass,” Sandy added. “With all these long faces, you'd think it was someone's funeral!”
Margaret stood and cleared her throat, her dark eyes flashing once, compassionately, to Allan. “My love is like a red, red rose, That's newly sprung in June...”
Allan leaned back in his chair as he listened to Margaret recite the familiar poem by Robbie Burns. His thoughts drifted, and he found himself imagining his return to this room, a year or two hence, with Harriet as his bride. He pictured how the candlelight would shine on her red hair, her eyes warm and full of love, not dark and shadowed with pain as they had been this afternoon. She would reach her arms out to him...
“Allan's miles away!” Betty said affectionately, startling him from his bittersweet reverie. “No doubt thinking of your Harriet. I know you'll miss her.” She smiled sadly. “She's a good woman, though, Allan. None of us can know what the future will bring. Perhaps she'll wait for you.”
Still half in thrall to his daydream, Allan smiled and said with more confidence than wisdom, “I know she'll wait for me.”
Silence descended on the room. Allan caught Archie’s knowing smile, and felt a chill of foreboding. Why had he spoken thus? And yet, he acknowledged, how could he keep such a thing from his family? It would be dishonest, as dishonest as saying nothing to Harriet would have been. He could keep the truth from no one.
“How would you be knowing something like that?” Sandy finally asked in an even tone.
“I asked her myself, this afternoon,” Allan admitted, his voice as even as his father’s. “I suppose I should've told you, but it's a happy secret I've been keeping.” 
“Oh, Allan!” Margaret's eyes shone as she clasped her hands to her chest, and Allan was glad at least one member of his family seemed pleased by his news.
“A secret?” Sandy's voice rose to a boom like thunder. “A dishonorable secret!”
Allan flushed. “I have no intention of acting dishonorably towards anyone,” he replied, “least of all Harriet.”
“Then perhaps you can tell me why you'd ask a good woman like that to wait for you,” Sandy retorted. “She'll be an old maid upon your return, if Providence sees that you return at all.” He shook his head. “No son of mine should treat a lady such.”
Allan did not want to have this conversation in full view of his entire family, but he saw no other way. “I love her,” he said quietly, “and she loves me. It would have been cruel to say nothing--”
“I know the love you two have had,” Sandy said, his voice softer. “And if things had turned differently with Campbell...” he shook his head. “But what has been said already must be left as such. You know the agreement made.”
“I know what he wanted,” Allan corrected stiffly, “but I had myself--and Harriet--to consider.”
Sandy shook his head. “David Campbell is her father, Allan, and as such must be respected. Besides, think of it, lad. Would you want to see Harriet old and withered, with no child or husband of her own?”
The image chilled him and he shook his head in vehement denial. “I'll be her husband!”
“You can't be sure of that.” Sandy glanced somberly at each member of his family in turn. “None of us can be sure of anything, or whether we'll all sit like this in one room again. It is for God alone to know such things, and for us to trust.”
A solemn silence descended upon the room as they all glanced round at each other's faces, as if memorizing the familiar, beloved features. 
“We'll talk in private.” Sandy stood abruptly and left Allan to follow him downstairs to the inn’s taproom, and then out into the damp, chilly night.
The wind off the sea caused both men to turn up the collars of their coats and hunch their shoulders against its chill.  Although it was midsummer, it had been a cold summer and was sure to be a bad harvest, and at that moment Allan felt a bone-deep iciness within him, as he felt his dreams of the future slipping beyond his reach yet again.
“I know what you and Harriet have is a thing apart,” Sandy said after a moment. “Not everyone has it--not everyone gets to have a love like that.” He turned to face his son, his expression sad. “I'm sorry it has to be like this. If David Campbell had said yes to your suit, you could have been married by now, Harriet with us.”
Frustration bubbled inside him and Allan sought to keep his voice level. “I know that well.”
“But Providence saw otherwise,” Sandy continued staunchly. “And we must trust all these things to the hand of God. And it is as well for it to be so, for Harriet as her own responsibilities. She does not bear a light burden.”
Guilt piled on top of his frustration and Allan turned away. “I’ve known that also, Father.”
“Then why increase it? Her obligation to you is as sure a fetter as any--”
“I appreciate your view,” Allan interrupted as calmly as he could, “but as you said, Harriet and I have a thing apart. If I’d gone without speaking to her, without declaring my own intentions, it would have been far worse a fetter.”
Sandy was silent for a moment. “Perhaps, but one of her own making, not yours. Eventually she might have forgotten you...”
“And that is a better thing?” Allan said, incredulity lacing every word. “We love each other, Father. We want to marry! Neither of us have ever looked at another, not once, I know it. And when I’m established in the new world--”
“God willing, that won’t be long,” Sandy agreed, his calm tone making Allan feel like an unruly schoolboy. “Perhaps you will be able to send back for her, at the same time as I send for Rupert and Margaret. If Providence wills it, we’ll all be together in two years’ time.”
“Then why all this talk of not telling her, and setting her free?” Allan demanded. “I see no dishonor in my actions, Father, I swear I don’t.”
Sandy shook his head. “Because her father asked it of you, Allan, and you must respect a man’s word. And because there are no certainties in this life. We might not see through this winter, much less two years.” He put a heavy hand on his son’s shoulder. “Set her free, Allan,” Sandy said softly. “If you love her, if you respect her, it's the only way. You know it is.”
Allan took a deep, shuddering breath. “I thought long and hard before asking her, Father. It wasn’t a whim, I promise you. And Harriet knows what it means.”
“Does she? Perhaps more than you do, lad. You’ve no idea of the sacrifice you’re asking her to make.”
“And am I not making one as well?” Allan demanded. Desperation edged his voice. Sandy shrugged.
“Allan, you’re a man. Harriet must be nearing five and twenty already. By the time you come back--if you come back--”
“She’s twenty-three years old,” Allan interjected flatly.
“Still, most women have a bairn on their hip and one in their belly by this time,” Sandy stated baldly. “If you’d married already...”
“And flown in the face of her father?”
“No, of course not. I feel for you, son, I do, for it’s a hard thing to bear, but many have born the same and lived to tell the tale. And it could be all for naught, and in a few years all your hopes shall come to pass.” He sighed heavily, and in that sound Allan heard the death knell of his own dreams. “The only way is ahead, Allan.” Sandy smiled, although the gesture seemed more one of resigned sorrow than any happiness or joy. “We’ll create a holding together that no man, least of all Campbell, can sneer at. When you return, it will be with pride and honor. Don’t sacrifice one for the other.”
Allan looked away. He remembered the feel of Harriet’s cheek against his own, the love and truth shining in her eyes when she gave her promise. Yet he also saw, with a sobering heaviness, that he’d bound her to a half-life of waiting and wondering, with, as his father had reminded him, no certainties in it. 
He let out a sound halfway to a cry and turned away from his father, unwilling to let any man see him in such a state. 
“Perhaps she'll wait,” Sandy said quietly. “The way it's between you, I can't imagine her marrying another. But to bind her to you...”  
“Would be dishonorable,” Allan finished for him. His vision blurred and he blinked hard.
“In a few years, I'll have one of the best farms in the New World,” Sandy reminded him. “And enough money to send you back to Mull on a first class ticket!”
Allan managed a smile, but something in his father's tone made him think of Archie’s words. I’ll have one of the best farms, he’d said. It made Allan feel like a lackey. Now, however, was not the time to grasp that particular nettle.
“Yes, Father,” he said at last, the words drawn from him with both resignation and regret. “I see the way of it.” 
“Good lad.” Sandy clapped him on the shoulder, making Allan feel like a child who'd earned a pat on the head rather than the grown man he was, deciding his future and breaking his own heart.
“I'll write her a letter,” he said. “Margaret can give it to Harriet tomorrow.”
Sandy nodded and they both turned back to the inn. In their own rooms the rest of the family had gone to bed, and Allan listened to their sleepy sighs and snores as he gazed unseeingly into the dancing shadows created by a single candle. He thought of the conversation he’d had three months ago with David Campbell, when his hopes for a swift marriage to Harriet had been dashed.
He remembered the contemptuous curl of the older man’s lip, his insistence that his daughter would not marry a man without land or prospects of his own.
“We’ll have a farm in the New Scotland,” Allan had insisted. He’d wanted to add, ‘And bigger than yours by a sight!’
David, however, only shook his head. “That’s dreams, for now. Show me the deed, the harvest, and then I’ll think it over.”
“Harriet wants to marry me,” Allan said, a bit desperately, and David lifted his chin.
“She’s needed here, and she knows it.”
That was the crux of the matter, he realized now. His thoughts now edged with despair, he wondered if Campbell would entertain his suit even with the proof of his prosperity in his hand. 
He shook his head. Who knew when that would be. It seemed like a dim, distant dream at this moment, with the shadows of doubt and regret threatening to overwhelm him. A bone-deep weariness settled over him, and he sighed and rubbed his hands over his face, longing for things to be different. For Campbell to have agreed, for Harriet to be his, for his future to be as bright and unfettered as his father’s. The candle had burned down to a waxy stub before Allan finally took parchment and ink and began to write.

CHAPTER THREE

Dawn streaked across the sky in pale, pink fingers when Allan finally stirred. Every bone and muscle ached as he gazed blearily around the room at the inn where he’d fallen asleep over his letter to Harriet, his head pillowed on his arms, the stub and splattered wax of a burned-out candle by his elbow.
He heard the creak of floorboards, and then his sister Margaret’s dark head appeared around the doorway. Allan smiled at the sight of her dark eyes full of hope and a bit of mischief, even though the ache in his heart felt as if it could cripple him. 
“Allan!” Margaret hurried forward at the sight of him still in his clothes from last night, no doubt looking the worse for wear now. “Have you been here all night?”
“I suppose I have.” Allan glanced down at the letter he'd been writing, each word drawn from his very soul. The ink on that precious page felt like his own blood. 
“You’ve let the candle out,” Margaret scolded gently. “You could’ve caught fire. The whole inn could've gone up in flames!”
“But it didn't.” Allan covered the letter with his hand and smiled at his sister. “Out for one of your dawn walks?”
“I...” Margaret bit her lip. Clearly she hadn't realized that anyone had known about her private jaunts. “I just wanted some fresh air.”
“You can't fool me, Margaret,” Allan said. “I suspect you'll be glad to have a little freedom, with us all gone.”
Margaret blushed, and Allan guessed he had the truth of it.
 Boarding with the Campbells and keeping Harriet company would provide Margaret with some female companionship she’d missed living at Mingarry Farm with all of her brothers. “I expect you’d like to listen to Rupert’s lessons as well.”
“And what if I would?” Margaret challenged, her dark eyes flashing.
Allan sat back, startled. He’d been teasing, even though he knew Margaret had always had a head for books. She’d had little learning, though, besides the reading, writing, and arithmetic they’d all done as children. Allan and Archie had both been tutored at Mingarry Farm until they were fifteen and started work on the farm. As a girl, Margaret had never had such access to education. Did she hope for it now, Allan wondered, away from the stern hand of her father? He decided not to ask.
“I expect you can accomplish whatever you set your hand to,” he said lightly, and Margaret gave him a quick smile of gratitude.
“I'll miss you, Allan,” she said, her expression turning serious. “And I shall make sure Harriet waits for you. She would never go back on her promise, no matter what Father says.”
“I pray not.” Allan gazed down at the letter it had taken him most of the night to complete. “But that's not Father's point. It's not right for me to bind her, when my future's so uncertain. I did it out of selfish reasons, because I love her so much. What if I took ill, or died? I can't tie Harriet in that way, not when I have so few prospects of my own.” He spoke the words by rote, for although he knew they were true, he didn’t feel them. He felt as if he wanted to run all the way to Achlic Farm and sweep Harriet up in his arms and never let her go. Yet he needed to obey both Harriet’s father and his own. Trust and obey. Allan sighed heavily. “She must be allowed to find her own way,” he told Margaret, “and choose her husband if it comes to that.”
“She won't!”
“I pray not.” Allan folded the letter and after relighting the candle, sealed the paper with a daub of wax from its stub. “Give this to her, Margaret. I think I’ve explained it all, as best as I could. And tell her...” Allan paused, for there were so many things he’d wanted to say to Harriet, things he no longer had any right to say. “Tell her I will think of her every day, and pray for her safekeeping.”
Margaret took the letter with reluctance. “Very well, Allan, if it's your wish.”
“It is.” Allan reached into his coat pocket and took out a bundle of old letters, tied with a faded ribbon. Over the years, he and Harriet had written to each other, the letters going in the mail packet between Tobermory and Kilchoan. Although they'd been able to see each other often enough, those letters contained a sweetness, dreams and hopes shared on ink-splattered pages that could not be so easily confided in conversation. He'd kept the letters close to him, wanting to keep them safe on the long voyage... wanting to while away the long hours reading them, and needing the hope and encouragement they would provide. He would have to do without.
“Give her these.” His face and heart both hardening with resolve, Allan handed the bundle to Margaret. 
She took it instinctively, then glanced down at the ribbon-wrapped parcel in surprise and dismay. “Allan! Her letters to you--why? Surely you should keep those! They're all you'll have of her.”
“I give her my lines to show her she's free,” Allan said quietly. “Tell her she may keep mine.”
Margaret shook her head sorrowfully. “You might be giving her freedom, Allan, but to Harriet, it won't feel that way.”

“What's this?” Harriet took the bundle of letters from Margaret with a chill of foreboding. She knew only too well what they were. She recognized her own handwriting, as well as the hair ribbon she’d given Allan when he’d asked for it, years ago. She did not want to ask why Margaret was now handing this all back to her. She did not want to know.
Margaret said nothing, merely placed her hand on top of Harriet's. They'd arrived several hours ago, and most of the time since then had been spent in organising the bedrooms and unpacking cases. Rupert had gone off with Ian, two boys intent on a summer afternoon’s pleasure. Harriet had watched them go with a worried frown, for she knew in summer her father expected Ian to help in the fields. He was fourteen, and certainly old enough to do his share, but he’d never been one for working with his hands. Then Margaret had given her this precious bundle and all thoughts of her brother flew from Harriet’s mind.
Harriet led Margaret into the kitchen, with its wide hearth and scrubbed pine table. David Campbell would've been irritated to see a guest being entertained in the kitchen, but he was out checking on some ewes. Harriet knew she need not rest on formality with Margaret. Although they'd seen each other infrequently over the years, a close friendship had sprung up between them.
She sat at the table, the letters in her lap. “Why are you giving me these?” 
“Allan asked me to. He meant well, Harriet, I know he does. Writing to you near tore him apart. He was up all night...” Margaret trailed off, her eyes dark with compassion. “If you want some privacy, I understand. I can look after the noonday meal, if you like, with Eleanor.”
“Thank you.” From somewhere Harriet found her voice, although her throat was so tight and aching she felt as if it had closed up completely. She rose from the table, the letters clasped to her chest. “I'll be in the parlor. You're a true friend, Margaret.”
Margaret gave her a fleeting, sorrowful look. “He told me to tell you he’d come back. He promised, Harriet.”
Harriet, her throat so tight now she couldn’t speak at all, only nodded.
Once in the quiet peace of the front parlor, Harriet allowed her grief to show, and tears trembled on her lids. She blinked them back, knowing they did her little good now. She still had too many responsibilities to give in to emotion now. Yet how she missed him! The wondrous new knowledge of his love for her made his absence much harder to bear.
 Already she felt it painfully, and the fear of what his letter contained was like a stone lodged in her heart. Last night she’d resolved to trust him, but only hours later she felt her heart tremble once more with fear and doubt, and she despised her own weakness.
The letter still clenched in her hand, she sank onto the bench by the pianoforte, her most treasured possession. It had come with her grandmother to this house as part of her dowry. Her grandmother had taught her to play until she died when Harriet was seven, and then Harriet had continued to teach herself. She loved the comfort of creating music, the wonder of hearing new sounds from her fingertips. 
Yet the instrument held no appeal for her now, and it was in the still silence of a summer’s afternoon that she broke the seal on Allan’s letter. 
Dearest Harriet... I acted a wrong part in taking any obligation from you, and others might say a dishonorable one. My honor bids me to set you at liberty, which I hereby do in releasing you from that promise which I hold dearer than my own life. You may have an opportunity of getting yourself settled in life more suitable to your merits than I have a prospect of, but never with a man that will adore you half as much as I do. Whatever my fate nothing could give me greater happiness than to hear of you being well settled. Providence is kind and may have something in store for us that we are not aware of. Until we meet again, adieu.
The letter slipped from Harriet's fingers. Well settled? Fury and fear mingled within her, lodging in a burning lump in her chest. How could it be his wish now for her to be married to another? A full day had not yet passed since his declaration of undying love, yet now she wondered if it was only so many cheap words.
Where had his hope, his faith in their future, gone? His promises? Why had he set her free, when he’d spoken only yesterday of binding her to him! Yesterday he’d wanted her to wait--and now? Harriet shook her head and tried to stem the tide of despair and confusion that threatened to overwhelm her. Allan was setting her free, but it felt like she'd been put in a prison... a jail of uncertainty and doubt.
She heard the front door open and close and then the heavy tread of her father's footsteps as he came in for his midday meal. Harriet swallowed the resentment that lodged in her stomach like a hot coal. It was because of her father that she was not on The Economy of Aberdeen right now, on Allan’s arm as his beloved wife.
Yet she knew she could not speak of it to her father. He would not countenance such a discussion, even if Harriet could even work up the courage to say a word. Sighing, she folded Allan’s letter back up and slipped it into the pocket of her apron. What was done, she knew, was done. Any anger or resentment she felt towards her father served no purpose now. Still, the ache in her heart did not ease as she rose from the pianoforte’s bench. Work needed to be done, the midday meal, and her father’s comfort, seen to. 
David Campbell stood in the doorway of the kitchen, as haggard and surly as ever, his sparse gray hair damp with sweat from where it had been flattened underneath his knitted cap, now held twisted in his hands. 
“Where’s Harriet, then?” he demanded. “I need my tea.”
“I'm here, Father.” Harriet kissed her father's weathered cheek, shooting Margaret a calming glance at the same time. It wasn't easy getting used to David Campbell's unfriendly ways. She managed it only by grit and the grace of God.
“I suppose Ian's up to no good,” David groused as he washed his hands in the basin by the pump. “It's time that boy was doing proper work. I was in the fields at fourteen, learning the land my father paid for with his very life.”
“Which is why you always wanted Ian to have lessons,” Harriet replied calmly. She had heard many times how her grandfather had worked in the fields he’d so proudly bought until the day before he died of a heart attack--undoubtedly from a life of hard labor. Harriet moved with quick, agile grace around the kitchen, taking a cloth and reaching for the fish pie that had been resting on the warming shelf over the hearth. “Ian is receiving the education you never had, Father.”
“Much good it will do him,” David said with a grunt. He glanced at Margaret, his expression turning shrewd. “Well, then. Sandy's finally done it.”
“They're on the ship, yes,” Margaret answered, her eyes flashing.
“Never thought he would. Had a good position, though, didn't he, as tacksman? Still, there's nothing to being your own man.” David's chest puffed with pride. “We've the largest landholding on the island. Free land...” His face darkened for a moment, and Harriet tensed for another diatribe. What had her father found fault with now? Then his expression cleared, and he said firmly, “the land's ours, always has been.”
“And always will be,” Harriet finished with a smile. She knew how proud her father was of being a landowner. “We all look forward to hearing of the MacDougalls’ good fortune, I’m sure,” she added, and her hand slipped inside her apron pocket to feel the weight of her letters. She wished Allan had them for the long ship journey, to remind him of her, to comfort him in the moments of doubt and discouragement he would face, as surely as she would.
“In due time.” David shot her a speculative glance, and Harriet thought she knew just what he was thinking. No doubt he was wondering if Allan had spoken to her.
Let him wonder, she thought with a sudden burst of savage satisfaction. Let her father feel one slight grain of the uncertainty and doubt she’d harbored over the last months, and even years. She knew the thought was unworthy of either her or Allan, and she forced the bitterness away. Surely now was a time for peace... if only she could find it. 
“Let me get your dinner, Father. Margaret will call the others to the table.”
As Margaret left the kitchen, Harriet bustled around, laying plates and cups. David watched her, a brooding expression on his face.
Harriet felt his heavy gaze upon her and she looked up from the table. “Is everything all right, Father?”
“As well as it can be.” David rubbed a hand over his whiskered jaw. “I suppose you’ve said your farewells... to all the MacDougalls?”
“Allan was here,” Eleanor piped up as she came into the kitchen, a mischievous grin lighting her elfin features. The others followed behind and took their places at the table. Grace was said and the meal served before Eleanor could continue, blithely ignoring Harriet’s sharp warning glance.
 “Harriet and Allan took a stroll down to Duart, and when Harriet came back she was as flushed--”
“Eleanor!” Harriet cut in sharply. “Enough. You’re gossiping like a fishwife.”
Eleanor blushed in shame, and Harriet bit her lip. She’d no cause to shout at the younger girl. Eleanor did not know the whole truth of the matter, and neither did Margaret by the confused look she was giving Harriet.
“But of course you’ve said, Harriet!” she exclaimed.
“Said what?” David snapped.
A silence, heavy and brooding, descended on the table. Even Ian and Rupert, their heads bent together over some nonsense, looked up in perplexity.
Margaret flushed and glanced at her plate, clearly realising she’d spoken amiss. Harriet sighed and decided honesty was the better course, even if such plain talking incurred her father’s wrath. “Allan asked me to wait for him, Father. I’m sure you’ve guessed it already. When he returns, his fortune secure, he will ask me to marry him.”
David fixed her with a gimlet stare. “And you’re prepared to wait?”
Her heart fluttered--was it with excitement or fear? “I am.”
“It’s as lief he’ll never return,” David warned her grimly. “If he survives at all, he’ll make his fortune and find his own bride in that new land.”
Margaret opened her mouth in angry denial, but Harriet stayed her with one firm hand on her shoulder. “Perhaps, but I trust Allan, and I’m willing to take the risk.”
“We’re not a gambling family,” David snapped, and Harriet could have almost laughed at his sheer orneriness.
“This is not a wager, Father,” she said, “but a trust in God and His hand upon both me and Allan.”
 They didn’t speak of it again, and David returned to the fields with a piece of cold mutton wrapped in muslin to see him to supper. Harriet turned back to a kitchen filled with dirty dishes, a garden outside that needed weeding, and the washing to take down. A woman from Craignuire had been coming three days a week to help her with the heavy work, but she’d stopped a month ago, apparently on her father’s orders, and Harriet felt the burden now.
Margaret returned to the kitchen, tucking an unruly tendril of hair behind one ear. “Shall we get on with it?” she said cheerfully, and Harriet, tired and overwhelmed by the happenings of the last day, suddenly felt near tears.
“Ah, Harriet.” Margaret pulled her into a quick, fierce hug. “Dinna fash yourself. He’ll return, you know he will.”
“It’s not that.” Harriet let out an inelegant sniff and dabbed her eyes with the corner of her apron. “It’s everything. I almost envy him, Margaret, and the grand adventure they’ll all be having.”
Margaret stepped back with a shiver. “I don’t. Have you not heard how wild that land is, Harriet? Endless snow and cold, and the natives--”
“I’m sure there are tales to tell around a fire,” Harriet said, “but they’re just tales.”
“It’s a hard place, there’s no denying,” Margaret said, and then her face suddenly fell. “But you might be there in a year’s time! I’m sorry, Harriet--”
“And you will be as well,” Harriet reminded her with a small smile. “Your father intends to fetch both you and Rupert back within a year or two, doesn’t he?”
“Yes,” Margaret said, but she sounded hesitant, and Harriet wondered just what had made her friend and kinswoman so eager to stay behind.
 The rest of the day went smoothly enough, with Margaret helping Harriet and Eleanor with the housework. David returned for the evening meal, but he was too weary to talk much, and the little group around the pine table was mostly silent. It was only when Harriet was alone in the kitchen, wiping down the table, that David finally spoke at all. 
“You're a good daughter to me, Harriet,” he said gruffly, and Harriet ducked her head in mute thanks. “But I wish you'd been a son.”
Harriet smiled and said nothing. She'd heard this many times before. No matter how well she managed her father's house, having been housekeeper since she was Eleanor's age, beating rugs, churning butter, and baking bread, it would never be enough. She could never be the boy her father had wanted. She understood that, and the importance of a son, yet she still felt a helpless sense of loss at her father’s words.
“A son to help me manage the farm,” he continued heavily, his shoulders slumping. “I'm an old man now, and I can't do it alone.”
“You can hire help,” Harriet suggested, and David scowled. 
“It's time Ian gave up his lessons. He'll be a man soon. His place is with me.”
Harriet strove to keep her tone reasonable. She knew arguing with her father when he was in this mood did no one any good. “He'll take time out for lambing and harvest,” she reminded him gently. “And he’ll be learning with Rupert now. There's plenty of men to help from the village.” David had hired two such men already, but clearly it was not enough, or at least not what he wanted.
“Why should I hire a man when I have a son?” David demanded.
Harriet couldn't answer. This argument had been going on for months. Ian was desperate to continue his lessons. He'd a far better head for books than cows or corn. Harriet continued to stand between him and their father, in an attempt to keep him with the tutor in Tobermory for as long as possible. Now she wondered just how long that would be.
David looked like he wanted to argue, but then with a sigh he shook his head and retired to one of the front rooms of the house that he used as his study. Harriet sank tiredly into the rocking chair by the fire. She reached into her apron pocket as she had several times already that day to feel the bundle of letters Allan had returned. They were both a comfort and a wound.
Would it always be like this, she wondered as she gazed into the orange embers of the fire. Would the rest of her life be spent waiting, smoothing over the ruffled waters of this family while dreaming of the day when she’d have her own?
Since the death of their mother, Harriet had always stood between David and her siblings. It wasn't easy. Ian and Eleanor were both sensitive children, and David had turned into a sour, embittered man when his beloved wife had been taken from him in childbirth.
It was only catching the glimpses of the loving father she remembered that kept Harriet strong, determined to bind her family together with ties of love. Yet those glimpses had become rarer, and the recent knowledge of her father’s refusal to consider Allan’s suit made her wonder how she could continue to endure. 
Eleanor came around the corner of the kitchen, her toes peeking out from underneath her nightgown, one tawny plait lying over her shoulder. “Will you read me a story, Harriet?”
“You can read them yourself,” Harriet protested, but Eleanor simply held her hands out in mute appeal. Harriet knew it wasn’t the stories, but rather the closeness, that both of them cherished. Smiling tiredly she rose from the rocking chair.
“All right, then.”
Upstairs, with her knees drawn up to her chest, her nightgown tucked neatly around her ankles, Eleanor looked younger than her eleven years. Harriet felt a fierce pang of love for the little sister she’d raised like her own child. She’d been twelve when Eleanor was born, and her mother had died. In the course of a single night Harriet had left her childhood behind, and taken on the burdens of the household as well as a bairn. David’s sister, her Aunt Elsie and a widow, had helped for a few years until illness had claimed her as well. Then Harriet had truly taken on the running of Achlic Farm... and she’d never stopped.
“What shall we read, then?” she asked Eleanor as she sat on the edge of her bed. Eleanor smiled and held out the already worn copy of The History of Little Henry and His Bearer, an adventure story set in India written by the ever-popular Mary Martha Sherwood. “Again?” Harriet asked, amused. “You’ve read it a dozen times at least. She must write something new for you to read.”
“New books hardly ever come this way,” Eleanor said, and Harriet nodded her agreement. Any book besides the Bible was a precious thing indeed on the island, or even in all of Western Scotland. 
“Well, it’s a good story, at least,” she said with a smile. “I suppose we could read it a few more times.” She opened the book and began to read. “Henry L-- was born at Dinapore, in the East Indies...”
After half an hour or so Harriet saw Eleanor’s eyelids start to flutter and she closed the book. “Sleep, I think.”
“Very well.” Eleanor rested her chin on top of her knees, gazing at her sister with sleepy yet thoughtful eyes. “Are you very sad, now that Allan is gone?”
Harriet traced the embroidered design on the counterpane with one finger. She couldn’t quite meet her little sister’s eyes, for she did not want Eleanor to see the sorrow shadowed there. “A bit.”
“Is that all?” Eleanor wrinkled her nose. “I thought you loved him.”
“I do.” Harriet took a breath and managed a smile. “I hope to marry him one day.”
“I heard you at dinner as well as anybody!” Eleanor smiled in knowing delight before a frown wrinkled her brow and shadowed her eyes. “But then where will you live? Not in the New Scotland, surely?”
“Would that be so terrible?” Harriet asked lightly. “I know the Indians can be frightening, but--”
“Indians!” Eleanor waved one hand in contemptuous dismissal. “I’m not scared of them. But it’s so far away.” She paused, her hazel eyes as clear as a rain puddle. “I don’t suppose you would take me with you?”
“Oh, Eleanor.” Harriet’s heart ached at the seriousness of her sister’s question. She realized she couldn’t envision leaving for the new world--a new life--without either Eleanor or Ian. Yet if she married Allan, she surely would, unless her father agreed to emigrate as well and she could hardly see that happening. The only way he would leave Achlic Farm was in a coffin. “You’d miss Father too much,” she finally said with a smile, but Eleanor was not swayed.
“I’d miss you far more! Why won’t you take me with you?” Eleanor’s lip trembled, even though she gazed directly at Harriet with hazel eyes, making it impossible for her to dissemble
“Ah, Ellie.” Harriet gathered her sister in her arms and kissed the top of her head. “Allan may not even return, you know.”
“He only left yesterday. You can’t be doubting him already!” Eleanor sounded so indignant, Harriet had to chuckle even though there was some painful truth to her words.
“I don’t think we should worry about something so far away,” she said softly. Her heart felt heavy as she released Eleanor, smoothing her hair back from her brow. “It will be years yet before he returns.”
“I’ll keep you company,” Eleanor promised, “till then.”
“I know you will.” As Harriet left the room, she felt a pang of something akin to fear. How could she ever leave her sister, her family? They needed her more than anyone... perhaps more than Allan did. She’d been thinking so much of losing Allan, she had not considered what she might lose here. Troubled, she frowned as she left the warmth and comfort of her sister’s bedroom for the dishes and darning downstairs.
It was only later, when Eleanor, Ian and Rupert were settled for the night, that Harriet once again allowed herself the luxury of private thoughts and dreams. She reached for her shawl as Margaret looked up from her embroidery, her eyebrows raised in question. “You’re not going out at this hour?”
“It’s still light.” Harriet shrugged. “I like to walk on an evening.”
Margaret smiled. “I prefer the morning. Go on, then. I’ll keep the peace here.”
Although it was ten o’clock, the sun had not yet set. A soft purple twilight was falling, and the air was cool and still. 
Harriet found herself following the path she and Allan had taken yesterday, to Duart. Her mind roamed restlessly over the words in Allan’s letter, as well as the words they’d spoken between them in this very place. 
She thought of her father, yet her resentment was dulled by a sudden thought. If David Campbell had not stood in the way, would she have gone? Could she have left all she’d known--Eleanor and Ian--for a life apart and strange?
Not yet, she realized painfully, not yet. She was not ready. Not with Eleanor still so young and tender, and her father seeming more grim and dour with each passing day. They needed her... all of them, even her father. 
Harriet shivered in the gathering dusk. Would she be able to leave when the moment came? Could she go so far away to make a life apart? Even as her heart thrilled to the thought of being Allan’s bride, she felt herself quail with fear. Perhaps this was a choice she would never be asked to make. 
She knew Allan might never come back. The new world was full of both opportunity and danger. She had heard tales of the harsh winters, the native people, and all manners of wild beasts. Then there was illness... anyone could be taken at a moment’s notice, a life demanded this very day.
And even if he lives, a sly voice whispered inside her, the voice of fear and doubt, what if he forgets you? There will be girls in this new land. Unmarried girls in need of husbands. And he doesn’t even have your letters to remind him of your love and promise. 
The bundle of her own letters lay heavy in her pocket. It would have given her such comfort to imagine him reading them, far away in this new land. She’d wanted to imagine him lying in bed, the snow drifting up the windows of their little cabin, smiling as he read them and remembered their lively debates and laughter. What comfort were they to her here, her own lines?
He was setting her free, Harriet reminded herself, because he loved her. She’d never resented freedom so much, or thought it so useless. Tears stung her eyes as she gazed out at the bay, the point of Lady Rock visible in the low tide.
Legend had it that three hundred years ago Lachlan Maclean had abandoned his wife Catherine on the rock, to be submerged at the high tide. Harriet had often imagined how the poor woman must have felt, left to die by the man who’d promised to protect her. Fortunately her brother had rescued her, and Lachlan had later come to an untimely end.
Harriet shivered. She was not abandoned. Allan was trying to help her, not hurt her. A treacherous doubt whispered in her mind that he was only letting her down gently, escaping while he had the chance, but she pushed it away. How could she be so faithless, doubting Allan’s love only hours after he’d sailed?
“He will come back,” she whispered, and the growing wind whipped her words away. The sea had turned choppy, and Harriet knew The Economy of Aberdeen would be well on its way now. “He will return for me.” She had to cling to that hope, for it was surely the only hope she had.

CHAPTER FOUR

“Land ahoy!”
Crowds surged to the decks of the ship. It had been nearly four weeks since The Economy had left Tobermory, and the last few days had been spent in an anxious fever, waiting for the first sighting of the New Scotland.
The salty wind stung his cheeks as Allan made his way to the deck with his family. In their comfortable private quarters, they'd experienced little of the harsh sufferings of the third class passengers who had had to bring their own food and cooking utensils, and sleep four to a bunk that was no more than a rough wood plank. They were only allowed out of the hold for an hour everyday, to walk the decks and enjoy the sea air. In contrast Allan and his family had two cabins to themselves and could come and go as they pleased. They dined with the captain and the other few private passengers every night, and all in all it had been a remarkably comfortable crossing... yet one that left Allan uneasy. Although Allan had not experienced those deprivations himself, he felt a keen discomfort at knowing that most of his fellow passengers--and future neighbours--had, and he wondered if such distinctions would exist in this harsh new land they were all traveling to. 
“There it is.” Sandy leaned on the ship railing, one stubby finger pointed west. “Land.”
A faint gray-green smudge was all they could see of the new world, yet this time tomorrow they would be docked in the small town of Pictou, ready to make their way to Prince Edward Island, where the MacDougall holding lay.
Allan put his arm around Betty. “Land, Mother. Land that doesn't move!”
Betty smiled weakly. Her face was pale and drawn, her shoulders hunched. Despite the comfort of their quarters, she had suffered from the seasickness, and had been confined to her bed for most of the journey. “It's been a long time coming,” she said quietly. “But I expect there will be hardships of a different kind once there.”
“Nothing we won't be able to tackle with our own hands!” Sandy protested robustly, and Allan grinned in return. The doubts Archie had planted in his mind seemed to blow away on the sea breeze as he saw his father’s determined smile, felt their shared camaraderie and excitement. 
The sight of the land, fertile, wild, simply there, made Allan clench the rail of the ship, his blood surging with anticipation at the challenges and possibilities ahead. 
He offered a silent prayer of thanksgiving for their safe passage, and prayed that Harriet and her family were safe as well. Perhaps a letter would arrive on the next packet ship, and he would have news of her within a week or two. The thought filled him with as much joy as that faint green smudge of land on the horizon.
The earth seemed to heave under Allan's feet as he disembarked from the ship the next day. All around him sailors shoved and shouted, hurrying to unload their cargo. Passengers streamed out, some hesitant at the sight of the wild, untamed land that seemed to stretched endlessly in every direction, others eager to meet their new homeland and embrace all of its opportunities. 
Allan stood with his mother, his arm around her protectively as they stepped across the rough wooden boards that served as a landing dock, to the muddy road. Sandy had gone to secure their trunks, and Archie loitered behind them, taking in the sights.
Archie had kept to himself for most of the voyage, taking his amusements with the sailors on deck. Allan had seen his father’s narrow-eyed glance follow Archie on the ship, yet he remained tight-lipped, saying nothing, allowing his younger son to go his way.
Archie had always inspired that leniency, Allan knew, with his dancing eyes and rouguish charm, and it made his own burden so much harder to shoulder.
“Allan...” Betty's voice was little more than a whisper. “It's so... dark.”
Ar first he didn't know what she meant. The sun was high in a brilliant blue sky, burning with a fiercer heat than any he'd known back in Scotland. 
The docks were lined with wooden buildings, some mere shanties and others two or even three stories high. The people he saw exhibited a wide assortment of clothes and colors--Indians in beads and feathers, their faces expressionless and unfathomable, settlers in homespun, hats jammed low on their heads, and the newest arrivals, the greenhorns, clutching bundles and gaping at this large, new world with a mixture of fear and anticipation. 
Yet, he realized, everything was covered in mud and dirt, and looked as if it might last a season, perhaps two. There was no stone, at least not by the dock, although he’d heard talk on ship that in the fifty years since the first settlers had arrived in Pictou, a church had been built, and a grammar school and courthouse as well. The harbor now boasted a battery to prevent attacks from Fenians.
As he raised his gaze, Allan saw that beyond the buildings there was only forest, thick, green, towering and impenetrable. Dark. The trees seemed to go on forever, unyielding and unforgiving, rising high above the small settlement.
It was a world more likely to conquer than to be conquered. It amazed him that settlers had come here at all, thinking to tame this land. It looked merciless, and he could imagine the settlers being absorbed by the woods, the winter, so that the next shipload never even knew they’d been here. 
Allan quickly suppressed the thought. Fear would help no one.
“There's a packet ship to Charlottetown in three days,” Sandy announced when he'd returned from his first foray into Pictou. “We can stay at a boarding house in town till it arrives.”
“Three days.” Betty stared at him in dismay. 
“Never mind,” Archie said cheerfully. “It could've been three weeks! Besides, we can get outfitted here. From what I've heard, supplies are scarce on the island. Even nails have to be shipped over.”
The boarding house was on the main street, a respectable clapboard building across from the courthouse. Betty cheered a bit at the sight of the main road lined with buildings, half of them made of stone. The boarding house itself was crowded with recent arrivals, and they all had squeezed into one small room. Betty stood at the window, watching as the fur traders swaggered down the street towards the tap room, their faces covered in bushy beards, sacks of smelly pelts across their backs.
“I’ve never seen such things,” she murmured, dropping the thin muslin curtain back in place, and Allan saw the fear plainly on her face. He knew this journey had been Sandy’s dream, not hers, and he placed his hand on her elbow.
“Never mind, Mother. In a few days we shall be in Charlottetown. There are no fur traders there.” 
Betty shook off his elbow with a wan smile, but when she spoke her voice was strong. “I was the mistress of Mingarry Farm, Allan,” she said quietly. “A few crude fur traders will not defeat me.”
Sandy returned to their little room, a thunderous look on his face. “I asked for another room, but the mistress of this place refused me,” he said, as if still could not believe such audacity. “It is unconscionable that we should be stuck in here like a haul of herrings.”
Archie, who had followed behind his father, gave Allan a smirking look. Allan knew just what he was thinking. His father was not tacksman here. 
“This will do nicely,” Betty said, and Sandy pursed his lips into a thin line, looking as if he still wanted to argue.
“Archie and I can sleep in the barn,” Allan offered, “and give Mother some privacy. Plenty of men are doing the same.”
Sandy nodded, satisfied, and behind his back Archie rolled his eyes. “Who said I wanted to sleep in a barn?” he muttered, but at least he went downstairs with Allan to bring up the rest of their trunks.
As Allan left the room, he heard his father say in a low voice, “This will be the last time you have to share a room, I promise you that.”
Betty smiled slightly, her eyebrows raised. “Don’t make promises we’ve no knowledge to keep. I’m not above sharing a room, Sandy, and nor should you be.”
Sandy grunted, and Allan caught another of Archie’s knowing looks. It would be hard for Sandy to let go of the privileges of being tacksman. 
A sailor jostled Allan's arm as he passed and then gazed at him rudely, clearly spoiling for a fight. Allan passed by quickly. There was no point involving himself in a useless brawl at this stage--not when he had so much to live for.
“Not quite the same, is it?” Archie said cheerfully as they settled into the hay to sleep that night. “A far cry from Mingarry Farm, or even our ship cabin!”
“Lower your voice,” Allan told him. Archie had been in the taproom with the sailors, and it was clear by his jolly manner and bright eyes. “We don't want to cause trouble.”
“It won't come easy to Father,” Archie said. “Nobody cares if he was tacksman of Ardnamurchan here.”
“He realizes that,” Allan said with more conviction than he actually felt. “In any case, there were plenty of Scots aboard the ship. A tacksman will mean something to them.”
Archie chuckled as he kicked off his boots and wriggled his toes. “As innocent as a dove, you are! And how do you suppose they'll be thinking about tacksmen, Allan MacDougall, in this world they've come to?”
Allan stared at his brother, unwelcome realisation dawning. Archie had always grasped things more quickly than he did; it was one of the things about his brother that annoyed him. That, and the fact that Archie knew it. 
“It's tacksmen they've come to escape, Allan,” Archie said, as if explaining the alphabet to a slow-witted child. “If they realize Father was a tacksman, it won’t be for his benefit.”
“Aye, so you’ve said.” Allan turned over in the hay, preparing to sleep.
“Here there's no one to answer to,” Archie continued softly. ”And no one to do Father's bidding.” He paused, and Allan waited, his back still turned. “No one but us.”
“I seem to remember that we’ve already had this conversation,” Allan said in a weary voice. “You can bait me all you like, Archie, for I know that for what it is. Father might need to adjust to this place, as do we all. I’m not yet thinking he’s going to turn on us like a mad bull or an angry laird. He isn’t Riddell, by any means.” 
Allan thought of their previous laird’s cold, shrewd eyes, the little smile he gave before asking Sandy to do something unpleasant. Allan had often been at his father’s side during those visits to Mingarry Castle, had seen his father’s clenched fists and tightened shoulders when he was instructed to turn another crofter out. Riddell’s increasing demands had hastened the MacDougalls’ departure, of that he had no doubt.
He had to believe his father was different than a man like Riddell, no matter what Archie thought. 
“Sweet dreams,” Archie whispered mockingly, and Allan gritted his teeth.  
Closing his eyes, he tried to picture Harriet. Just the image of her, the very thought, calmed him. He liked to imagine her as he'd last seen her at Duart, her auburn hair blowing in curls about her face, her eyes shining with love and promise. I'll come back. As fanciful as the notion was, Allan imagined she could hear his thoughts, and be certain of his vow.

“I've no head for learning, Maggie. You know that.” Rupert gazed at her mournfully as they broke their fast in the kitchen. In less than an hour they were expected at Master Simon McIlvain’s lodgings in Tobermory for their lessons.
Ian, tousle-headed and sleepy over his oatcakes, glanced at Rupert with two years’ smug seniority. “Master McIlvain will know it as well,” he replied with a grin. “Or he'll learn, no doubt!”
“Away with you, Ian,” Harriet chided as she served more oatcakes to the children gathered around the table. “And enough with your idle chatter.” She smoothed her hair back into the neat bun at the back of her neck, and caught Margaret’s concerned gaze. She knew she’d been irritable lately; everything seemed to conspire against her. Even with Margaret’s help the housework was never-ending, and her father had become surlier and surlier. 
Yet despite these cares Harriet knew that none of them were truly the cause of her discontent. The truth was a packet ship had arrived from the New Scotland three days ago, and as far as she knew it held no letters for anyone at Achlic. 
Of course, there could be a dozen--a thousand--reasons why Allan hadn’t written. The Economy had been delayed, he’d been too consumed with responsibilities to put ink to paper, he was ill. Or dead. Or he’d simply forgotten her.
Harriet shook her head impatiently, the thought buzzing inside like flies she could not simply swat away. Margaret laid a hand on her arm. 
“What ails you, Harriet?” she asked quietly, and Harriet bit her lip.
“Nothing. That is... I wonder if any letters have come on the ship that docked. I thought we would have heard by now.”
“Letters!” Margaret brightened, her eyes snapping with excitement. “My father ordered them to remain with his shipping agent until they could be collected. I could call in, if you like--”
“Why don’t we both go?” Harriet suggested. Her heart felt lighter as she considered the new possibility. Perhaps Allan’s letter had simply been waiting for her all this time, in Tobermory. “I could use an outing.”
“So could I,” Margaret said, and Harriet saw a flash of discontent in her friend’s hazel eyes. She suspected Margaret was resentful of Rupert’s opportunity to take lessons with Ian, especially when he had no head for learning--and she did. Yet what use would protesting do? Margaret was sixteen years old, and far past the age when girls were educated. She was lucky, Harriet thought, that Sandy had provided a governess for as long as he had. Harriet had not had such fortune; her mother had taught her her letters and numbers, and that was all.

“May I walk with you?”
Harriet jumped in surprise. She'd been so lost in her thoughts she hadn't even noticed Jane MacCready come alongside her and Margaret on the road to Tobermory.
“Of course,” she murmured. Jane was known on this side of the island for her sharp tongue, even if her observations were often correct. Harriet was discomfited to see the spinster's shrewd eyes now turned upon her.
 “Harriet Campbell...” Jane mused, and Harriet imagined the woman was recalling everything she'd ever known about her. “Although it should've been MacDougall, I warrant!”
“Wh--what?” Harriet stammered in her appalled surprise. She’d not realized her friendship with Allan was so well known, even though it should have come as no surprise. Even Margaret looked surprised by this pronouncement, although she smiled.
“I never understood why the pair of you didn't make a match of it,” Jane continued. “Such friends as you were. It's rare, that.”
“So it is.” Harriet couldn't think of anything else to say. She glanced helplessly at Margaret, who smiled in sympathy. How could she admit that her father had refused him? Allan’s promise of return, especially since he'd released her from her own vow, seemed too small a token to explain, and yet too precious to share.
“It won't be easy to find a husband on this island,” Jane said in a warning tone, “especially since you must be nearing five and twenty.”
“I'm twenty-three.” Harriet realized she was blushing, and willed herself to stop. “And I'm not looking for a husband at present.” The only husband she wanted was Allan.
They'd reached the edge of Tobermory, the harbor glinting in the autumn sunshine, the cries of gulls raucous the air. Jane put a steadying hand on her arm. “I mean no harm, lass. You know I always speak my mind.” Harriet nodded stiffly. “There was a man I could've married once. He loved me and I loved him, but he had to wait. I'd promised to care for my father first. He wasn't well.”
Intrigued in spite of herself, Harriet turned to face the older woman. “What happened?”
“My father took five years to die,” Jane replied, her usually sharp tone softened with a trace of sadness. “He didn't wait.”
As they walked towards the harbor side and the shipping agent’s office, Jane MacCready's words seemed to echo through her. He didn't wait. It wasn't the same, Harriet told herself. She was the one waiting. Yet the treacherous thought kept slipping in, reminding her that it had been his idea for her not to wait after all. What if life in the New Scotland held him in a way she, thousands of miles away, could not? 
“It’s not the same, Harriet,” Margaret said quietly, and she turned to her in surprise.
“What do you mean?”
“Mistress MacCready and you. It’s different. Allan is different. He’ll wait.”
“He’s not waiting,” Harriet said with a tiny trace of resentment. “I am.”
“My brother is faithful,” Margaret insisted. “How can you doubt him?”
Harriet sighed. “I don’t. At least, I don’t mean to. But so much could happen, Margaret. So much could go wrong. I’m afraid.” Her voice trembled and she blinked back tears. Margaret squeezed her hand.
“Just wait. We’ll go to the shipping agent and find a nice fat packet of letters. I warrant he’s written you every day while he’s been on that ship! Just you wait and see.”

There was frost on the ground. Allan stared at the thin white film of ice and felt as if were creeping into his soul. Frost on the ground in mid-September did not bode well. They'd barely laid the foundations for their cabin.
He glanced at the building site now, the sun just beginning to rise behind a stand of birch trees. It was early morning, the time of day he liked best. Now he could be alone with his thoughts and the peace of the countryside.
The beauty of this rough, wild country had taken him by surprise. At first it had seemed threatening, the towering trees and darkness a menace just as his mother had felt on that first day. 
Prince Edward Island, with its beaches and rolling hills, its rich red soil and winding rivers, had a gentler wildness than Scotia, although it was still untamed. Alone in the quiet of the dawn, Allan knew he was beginning to love it if not as his homeland, then at least as a place he’d be content to live out his days. He loved the dazzling sky, the distinctive red soil, the brilliant green of the leaves. He respected the savagery that lurked underneath the beauty, the blue of the sky that would turn to slate, the red soil which would soon be covered in snow. 
This was a land that spared no mercy for weakness, error, or faintness of heart. Looking at the foundation of the cabin, just a few blocks of stone set in the dirt, the ice clutched at his soul once more. They would not be ready for winter. 
And it was their own fault.
When they’d first arrived on the island, they’d had the fortune of befriending another family, the Dunmores. 
The Dunmores had emigrated five years ago and possessed a solid, pleasing cabin as well as a cautiously prosperous farm. Their land bordered the MacDougalls' and they'd agreed to let Sandy and his family stay with them until their own cabin was built.
In midsummer, with the sun shining and the air warm, the breezes soft, they'd all been confident the cabin would have walls and a roof before the leaves began to change color.
The leaves were red now, scarlet and crimson and gold. They were already beginning to fall, and they'd barely started on the walls.
And all because of Sandy’s stubbornness. Allan tasted resentment, like acid on the back of his throat.
In July, when they’d arrived, he’d argued for a smaller cabin. They’d stood in a clearing, a thicket of raspberry bushes dripping with ruby-colored fruit framing a view of the river, the water dazzled by sunlight.
“Why don’t we build here?” Allan said. He breathed in the clean air, still cool in the morning light, and grinned at his father. “There’s everything to hand, and we can start with something small. Four walls and a roof to see through the winter.”
“That sounds like a barn,” Sandy had replied shortly. “I didn’t come all this way to live like a crofter.”
“A crofter doesn’t own five hundred acres,” Allan replied, slightly startled by his father’s curt tone. Archie stood nearby, staring at his boots, a nonchalant grin still visible on his lowered face. 
Sandy strode away, leaving Allan no choice but to follow him like a lackey. Sandy strode through the raspberry thickets, pushing the brambles back with disregard to his son behind him.
Allan pushed a thorny branch from his face, and waited. Tension seemed to crackle in the air, tension that had not been there a moment ago, when every dew drop had sparkled like a diamond.
A bird chirped, an unfamiliar kind, the sound lonely and mournful, and then fell silent.
Sandy stood on the other side of the thicket. It was a smaller clearing, closer to the river, and bordering a stand of birch trees.
“We’ll build here,” he announced, and his voice brooked no argument.
“Are you sure?” Allan pressed. “There was more sunlight in the other, and room for Mother’s garden.”
Sandy turned to look coolly at his son. “The garden doesn’t need to be next to the house, and I want to be close to the river, especially in winter. We’ll be chopping through the ice every morning, I warrant.” He smiled as if to ease the finality of his words, but his eyes were still flinty.
Allan forced himself to shrug. This battle was not one worth fighting to the death, and one clearing was surely as good as another. Yet he could not shake the feeling that his father had changed locations simply because he wanted to be in charge. Almost out of spite. Still he managed to keep his voice equable as he gave his assent. “All right, then.”
Sandy began to pace out the foundations with his feet. “We’ll need two good bedrooms, of course, and a great room with a fireplace. A loft above, and of course a root cellar...”
Allan stared in astonishment, words temporarily deserting him. Most settlers built one room cabins when they first arrived, ten feet by ten feet at the most. There was little time before the onset of winter to build anything else, and grand aspirations could be saved for later. They certainly wouldn’t keep you warm.
“But it won't be finished before the snows,” he said finally, his voice rising despite his attempt to sound reasonable. He saw Archie whistle and gaze up at the sky.
 Sandy frowned. “We’ll finish it,” he said flatly. He strode away without looking back. Allan sighed in exasperation and began to follow.
“It’s our farm, then?” Archie said softly. Allan kept walking.
Since that day, Sandy had become more and more consumed with building their cabin, and making sure it was the finest dwelling on this side of the island. The foundations now included a pantry and a third bedroom. No wonder they had yet to start on the walls.
Allan had stopped making suggestions weeks ago. He took orders numbly, keeping the smile on his face, hoping that once their cabin was built and the pressure on Sandy eased, things would be different.
He would feel like a son, not a servant. 
Now, alone on this cool dawn, Allan breathed in the cool, crisp air. With the sunlight dappling the river in silver, the dew as fine as cobwebs strewn in the yellow-gold leaves of the birches above him, he could almost recover his optimism.
“It won’t be finished.”
Allan was startled to see his mother standing near him. The walk from the Dunmores' farm was considerable, and he hadn't yet seen her venture far from the safety of the cabin. She was thinner now and paler, pulling her shawl tightly round her shoulders.  
“It might be,” he said.
“Come now, Allan. We can both see what's before our eyes.” She swept a weary arm towards the unfinished cabin. “It's too big, isn't it? Too grand.”
“It'll be a pleasing house,” Allan said cautiously.
“A house of dreams. Perhaps we could've build such a place in a few years, when we knew the way of this land. But now...” Betty shook her head. “Winter's coming on. All we need is something small, to live in through the worst of it. I've heard about the snow here. It's like nothing you've ever seen.”
“Mother...”
“What shall we do?” She turned to him, and he was surprised to see strength and concern in her eyes, rather than the fear and worry he’d expected. “I understand what your father is trying to do, Allan. Don’t mistake me on that. I know he wants a proper place, a place like we had before. He wants it for me.” She sighed, biting her lip. “We shall have to ask the Dunmores if we can stay with them through the winter. Perhaps if we help more with their own work... Lord knows, there's much to be done in this place. It won't be easy.” She shook her head and smiled wearily at Allan. “I shouldn't be talking to you like this. Your father has such dreams, Allan, but they're good dreams. They've brought us here, and that's a good thing.”
“Yes, it is.” A voice clamored inside him. What of my dreams? My place? With an effort he suppressed that small cry of doubt. There would be time for his dreams later. He could be patient.
Allan put his arm around his mother’s thin shoulders and pulled her close. “It will turn out well, you’ll see,” he said. “We’ll have a grand place here for you and for all of us.”
He could almost believe it. 

“A letter from MacDougall?” The shipping agent, Douglas, squinted at Harriet in surprise while Margaret fidgeted next to her. “And who might you be?”
“Harriet Campbell.” She stood in the cramped office along the docks in Tobermory, twisting her gloves in her hands. So close now, she thought. On the walk into town Margaret had convinced her there would be a letter from Allan. Of course there would be! And now the thought of reading it, knowing what he’d been through, where he was now--all of it would bring her closer to him even as an ocean yawned between them. 
The man glanced briefly through a packet of letters. “No... I don't see any here. There was a letter to Ann Rankin, which has been delivered, and I've one for Margaret and Rupert MacDougall.” 
“I’ll take that,” Margaret said, holding out one hand. The man smiled at her.
“I thought I recognized a MacDougall,” he said, and handed it to her.
Harriet watched as the man handed Margaret a letter. He didn’t even look at her. “You mean...” Her throat was dry and scratchy. “There's nothing else?”
“I'm afraid not.” 
“Are you sure?” Harriet knew she sounded desperate. She felt desperate. But no letter from Allan, when others had written? It was unthinkable, and yet--
“I’m certain,” the man said firmly, and Harriet knew better than to harass him, even though she wanted to demand he check the floor, the sack of post, any crevice or cranny where a precious, precious letter may have slipped.
“I see,” she finally managed. “Thank you.” She knew she was close to tears and forced them back. It would not do to cry here, in this stranger's quarters. 
“Never mind, Harriet,” Margaret said in a low voice. “There’s bound to be a reason.”
“Yes--” Blindly Harriet turned towards the door. 
“There's another ship due in six weeks' time, the last before winter,” the man called. “Perhaps then.”
“Yes,” Harriet agreed hollowly. “Perhaps.”
She stood outside on the road, muddy from recent rains. The sky was the color of pewter and a cold, unforgiving wind buffeted her from the sea. She swallowed, her mind numb, as blank as the sky above her, or the flat horizon that stretched out to nothing... promised nothing.
No letters. Allan hadn't written. Hadn't bothered to write. Hadn't cared.
“Perhaps there is some news of him in this letter,” Margaret said, and her forehead creased in a frown. If there was news, it surely couldn’t be good.
Panic clutched at Harriet with icy fingers as she considered this new and unwelcome possibility. “Open it,” she whispered. “Open it, Margaret, right now.”
Biting her lip, Margaret broke the seal. Harriet turned away, too fearful even to watch Margaret read the letter. What if Allan had taken ill? What if he’d died? Her stomach roiled and she paced the quayside while Margaret read.
“Dearest Margaret and Rupert,” she read aloud. “Thanks to the hand of Providence, we all of us arrived in this rough and wild country, the New Scotland, in August. It took five weeks and a day to sail, and God be praised not one soul was lost, but four new bairns joined us in the crossing!”
“All of us?” Harriet repeated. She turned back to Margaret, hiding her trembling hands in the heavy folds of her skirt. “Then he’s well.”
“Wait, there's more.” Margaret continued reading, skimming through the lines. Her mouth tightened as she read the last few lines of the letter. “We are much blessed, all of us in good health and strong. I pray that you both are in good health and comfort. You are never out of mind. Your own most affectionate Mother.”
Margaret looked up from the letter, her eyes bright with unshed tears. “They seem so far away now. 'Tis strange, to think of it.”
Harriet nodded. A moment ago her insides had writhed like a nest of snakes, and yet now she felt strangely empty inside. “God be praised, they're well,” she said, but it came out flat. Allan was well. Allan was healthy and strong, and had not written her.
“Harriet, there must be some reason,” Margaret said quietly. She folded up the letter and tucked it in her pocket. “Even though Mother didn't say. I know Allan and I know he loves you.”
“You knew Allan,” Harriet corrected in a low voice. “Three months ago, aye, he loved me. But much has happened since then, Margaret. Much could change.”
“Three months is hardly a lifetime! Feelings don't change as quickly as that, and certainly not Allan's. He loved you, and he was not capricious!” Margaret's eyes flashed angrily and Harriet almost laughed to think of them arguing over a man they both loved dearly.
“I know.” How could she doubt Allan's loyalty? She knew he was steadfast, as solid in his word as an oak. Yet the ocean that separated them seemed vast, a distance so great mere miles could not measure it. It was a lifetime away. 
Margaret laid her hand on Harriet's shoulder. “There is a reason, Harriet, and you will discover it. I vow the next ship will bring a whole packet of letters from Allan to you.”
Harriet smiled weakly. “I hope you are right.”
“I know I am,” Margaret declared. “Allan loves you, and he would not forsake you. He will write.” Her voice softened. “He will come back.” 
“You could write back,” Harriet said. She couldn’t bear to talk about Allan any longer. “The ship sails in a week’s time.”
Margaret’s expression hardened. “Aye,” she said after a moment, “I have some things to write.”
“Don’t scold Allan,” Harriet said quickly. “I’ll not have him write me on your account.”
Margaret looked as if she wanted to argue, but then she sighed and nodded. “Very well.”
Fighting a tide of despair, Harriet smiled her thanks and turned towards the road and the long walk back to Achlic Farm.
As Harriet and Margaret entered the house, they heard the low murmur of voices from the front parlor. Ted Carmichael, their farm manager, had been speaking with David most of the day. 
Unease rippled through Harriet, for she didn’t know what business could take so long, but it was replaced quickly enough with the hollow ache of despondency that made her feel no more than a shell. She wished she could stop thinking of Allan, yet he remained persistently in her thoughts--even if she wasn’t in his.
She spent the afternoon in mindless work, first helping Eleanor with her lessons, then rolling out pastry for a pie, kneading bread. At dinnertime Margaret paused in their work and turned to Harriet, anxiety creasing her brow.
 “You will write him?” 
Harriet hesitated. She had thought about whether she should send a letter to Allan all afternoon. “How can I?” she finally asked. “If he didn’t write me...”
“This isn’t the time for pride! There has to be a reason, and if he has cause to doubt you--”
Harriet felt her face flush and her chest heave. “He does not have cause to doubt me!”
“What is all this racket?” David Campbell stood in the doorway, his shoulders stooped, his face haggard, although his eyes were still sharp. “Ted Carmichael will surely think there’s a pair of cats screeching in here!”
“I surely won’t.” Ted Carmichael, a balding man in his forties, stood behind David, twisting his hat in his hands.
“Hmmph.” David stumped over to the kettle. “Not even hot. What are you about, girl?”
“I’m sorry, Father. I’ll see to it.” Harriet reached for the kettle. “I’ll see to it now. Are you finished your business with Mr. Carmichael? Or shall he stay to supper?”
Ted had disappeared back into the parlor, and David shrugged. “We’re as finished as we’ll ever be.”
His tone was so weary that Harriet looked up in alarm. “Father...?”
David’s eyes were shrewd and he lifted a hand repressively. “I know what you’ve been about. In Tobermory, eh? Fishing for letters. Did the MacDougall boy write you, then?” The way David Campbell spoke, Harriet thought, you’d think the MacDougalls were wastrels and not prosperous farmers--and kin. “He didn’t, did he? Not a single line. I doubt he’ll ever return.” He sounded almost gleeful as he cocked a knowing glance at Harriet, who suddenly found herself burning with a quiet, desperate rage.
“I don’t doubt him,” she said in a low, shaking voice. “Even if you have done your best to see it otherwise!”
David narrowed his eyes. “What are you on about?”
“I know you forbade Allan to marry me,” Harriet said, and David’s expression turned stony. “I could’ve been on that ship with him, far from here, with a family of my own and a husband at my side.” She clenched her hands into fists as all of her anger and resentment stilled out.
“A landless fool for a husband,” he snapped. “I chose well for you.”
“It was not yours to make!”
“Aye, but it was.” David’s voice came down flat and hard. “You’re my daughter and ward, and I will choose as I see fit.” He threw a quick glance at Margaret, who was standing, rooted in fury, her cheeks and eyes bright. “I’ve nothing against the MacDougalls, lass. We’re blood kin, no matter how distant. But I won’t have my daughter haring off across the world on a whim.” He raised one crooked finger. “You’ll see. They’ll all come back, begging for scraps once again from the Riddell table. Or they won’t come back at all.”
“How can you say that!” Harriet shook her head, tears of temper spilling from her eyes. “You’ve turned into a spiteful old man, Father, and one day there will be no one here to make your bread and sit at your table! I vow I will not!”
Her words fell into a room turned eerily silent, save for the hiss of the kettle and crackle of wood from the fire. David’s face was ashen. Harriet bit her lip, struggling to form an apology she couldn’t even feel.
David opened his mouth, let out a strangled croak, then fell to the floor like a stone.
“Father!” Harriet’s voice rose to a shriek as she flew to her father’s side. “Margaret, get Ted! Someone must go for the doctor.”
Margaret hurried out of the room, and Harriet stared at her father’s pale face, a thready pulse beating at his throat. She’d as good as killed him, she realized in a sickening rush. Words could never be taken back.
Ted came in, his own face pale, but his matter efficient. He took his pulse, then glanced at Harriet, worry deep in his eyes. “I can fetch the doctor from Craignuire. We ought to get him comfortable first though.”
Harriet nodded, unable to find her voice. 
“Let’s take him upstairs,” Margaret said quietly.
A few minutes later Ted was on his way to the doctor's and Harriet sat by her father's bedside. His face was still pale and lifeless, his breathing shallow.
Margaret laid a hand on her shoulder. “It wasn’t your fault.”
Harriet closed her eyes briefly. Tears threatened, making her throat ache. 
“I’ll go downstairs. The children will be wanting their supper.” Margaret left with a soft click of the door. Harriet pressed her hands to her eyes, willing the tears, the tide of emotion, to recede.
“Daughter?”
Harriet dropped her hands. Her father’s eyes were open, though hazed with pain. “We’ve gone for the doctor. Don’t tire yourself, Father. You’ll be all right.” She reached for his hand. “I’m sorry for what I said.”
David turned his head away from her. “It’s I who should be sorry,” he said in a low voice.
“It doesn’t matter...” Harriet began, even though it was far from the truth. Her father’s decision mattered too much.
“Aye, but it does.” David’s face was still to the wall. “I’m not speaking of your beau, Harriet, much as you might care for him. There’s something else. There’s the farm.” 
The bleak despair in his words chilled her and she squeezed his hand. “We don't need to talk about farm matters now, Father. Let us get you well first.”
David turned to her, the sudden, angry light in his eyes taking her by surprise. “There’s no time for that. If we don't do something quickly, the farm will be lost, daughter, and all you know with it.” The light faded from his eyes and he was left looking strangely vulnerable, a broken old man. “God only knows what can be done.” His trembling fingers grasped hers, his gaze pleading for understanding. “I'm afraid I might've lost it all.”
 

CHAPTER FIVE

Dearest Harriet. I know too well that you, my dear girl, will be longing to hear from me, as I long for word from you. This is not a rebuke, but an entreaty for you to break your long silence...
Allan lowered his quill and watched the flames dancing in the hearth. It was late, and everyone was abed except for him. He'd taken these snatched moments to compose a letter to Harriet, but now that he'd a chance to put ink to paper, he didn't know what to write.
Why hadn't she written? The last ship from Tobermory had arrived in November, and it was now nearly Christmas. Allan had feared that Harriet's letter might've been lost, but deep inside he knew that wasn't true. There had been letters from Ann Rankin, as well as from Margaret and Ian. His own brother and sister, who lodged with Harriet at Achlic Farm! How could a letter from Harriet have been lost?
The more worrying question, he knew, was how could she have not written?
Margaret had mentioned Harriet, and concerns over the Campbell farm. Apparently Harriet’s father was not well, and she was working all the harder. There had been an implied rebuke in Margaret’s letter: Dear Harriet has little time for frivolity of any kind, with the work placed upon her. She would do to have her spirits lifted.
Well, he knew that! He’d hoped another letter from him would cheer her, comfort her. Assure her of his own faithfulness. Yet perhaps that was not what she wanted... perhaps this silence was her way of grasping the freedom he’d given her with both hands, and finding her spirit lifted somewhere else... by someone else.
The fire crackled and a few sparks scattered across the stone hearth, quickly turning to ash. Had Harriet's love burned out as quickly? Had she taking the freedom Allan had honorably given her to find another? If so, Allan knew she'd every right to act thus. 
Yet surely she should tell him, then! Allan wondered what to do. He couldn’t bear to remind her of her own freedom, when he felt it so sorely himself. The only recourse left to him was to assure her of his own constancy.
He continued to write, dutifully telling her of their travails. What would she make of life here, the crude cabins, the piercing cold, the endless snow? Yesterday the blizzard had been so ferocious that Andrew Dunmore had tied a rope around his son's waist when he went outside to get the firewood, in case he became lost in the blinding whiteness. It had been known to happen before.
Allan shivered as a draught of icy air chilled him, and the howling wind outside rattled the waxed cloth covering the windows. 
I trust that with God's will and my industry I shall soon be able to come and offer you a hand and heart which is wholly devoted to you.
He could state it no plainer than that, surely. Doubt crept into his mind as he wondered if he was indeed playing Harriet false. They'd been in Prince Edward Island for five months and had not even finished building their own cabin. Its foundations were covered with snow, useless till the spring thaw.
Even worse, Allan could see no way to be the man of property and standing David Campbell wished for his daughter. His father barked orders, and he took them from him like a lackey. Even with the snow deep and little work to be done, Allan felt the pressure of his father’s heel. He was beginning to wonder if it would ever change.
And if it didn’t? He would never be able to return for Harriet. Was he just in hoping she would wait? Her best years would be stolen from her, wasted on dreams turned to dust. 
Allan turned back to his parchment.
I beg you to keep up your spirits for if I deviate one part from what I have said, may God pour down his vengeance on me tenfold. May God bless and comfort you in the sincerest wish of your heart. Your ever, ever faithful lover until death, Allan.
He sprinkled sand on the paper and put the writing materials away. He wouldn't be able to send the letter till spring, when sea travel was possible again. Yet he felt better for writing it, as if Harriet were that much closer to him now.
The next morning the family awoke to a fresh fall of snow. The drifts came halfway up the windows, and it would be difficult to do much of anything in that kind of depth. 
Over the winter the MacDougalls had made themselves useful to the Dunmore family by helping with the maintenance work around the homestead as well as accompanying the Dunmore men out on the trap lines. Now, however, the snow would be too deep to venture out and there would be little to keep them occupied. The debt they owed the Dunmores would be painfully obvious.
Sandy and Allan stood on the porch now cleared of snow, and looked out at the deep drifts, the small footprints of a rabbit crisscrossing the untouched whiteness. 
They would not be able to walk to the clearing and check on the foundations of their cabin. Allan knew his father tried to walk there daily, to make sure all was well. He’d brush the snow from the half-built walls, pace the generous proportions of the rooms with his feet, smile and close his eyes as if he were imagining what it would one day look like. 
“One day,” he’d sometimes say to Allan, his voice ringing out through the frosty clearning, “I’ll have the finest farm on Prince Edward Island, with my family reunited, and my sons by my side.” Allan didn’t answer his father then, because he didn’t trust himself to say anything civil. His father clung to his own dream, but he wasn’t allowing Allan to have his. 
This morning Betty joined Allan and Sandy on the porch. It was early morning, and the world was still and silent save the crackle of the tree branches encased in ice.
"I've never seen such snow,” she said with a shake of her head. "There’s a beauty to it, I suppose." She shivered and drew her shawl tighter around her thin shoulders. "I've stirred the fire up. There were quite a few embers this time."
Last week they'd let the fire die to ashes and had to run to a neighbour's for a live coal. Like much else, there were no matches on the island, and no shops to buy them in even if there were.
Sandy grunted in response, still staring hard at the pearly sheen of ice on top of the drifts. “There’ll be no walking in that.”
“The cabin will survive,” Betty replied with a faint smile, but Sandy only looked even more grim.
“Aye, it will. It will.” He turned away from both of them, shoulders hunched. “I’m tired of this. Living in someone else's cottage--we've nothing to call our own!"
"We do," Betty said firmly. "We've a holding of hundreds of acres, and the start to a bonny cabin. It's time we need, that's all. You must remember that. This spring, with your sons working beside you, the cabin will be built in no time at all."
Sandy nodded slowly. "I came to this land to be beholden to no man. That was my promise to myself."
"Perhaps there is a higher purpose than that,” Betty countered softly. "To love and serve one another... and tend the earth God gave us."
"Don't preach to me, woman," Sandy said, suddenly irritable. "I'll take it on a Sunday, but not from you!" He strode away to get ready for the day.
“Mother--” Allan began, starting forward, but Betty held up one hand to stop him.
“He’s afraid, Allan, that’s all. He doesn’t mean anything by it.” She smiled sadly. “Trust me on this.”
Allan nodded tersely, for he didn’t like seeing his father speak to his mother in such a sharp tone. In truth, he’d never seen it before and it made him uneasy.
That night the MacDougalls and Dunmores gathered round the hearth as the wind blew and howled outside. Agnes Dunmore and Betty worked on the large pile of mending and darning that needed to be done, while Neville Dunmore oiled a trap and Sandy, Allan and Archie watched, learning, as they'd never trapped before they'd come here.
 "Come spring, there'll be a sight more to do here than now," Neville remarked conversationally. "Although I expect once your cabin is built, these young two will go their own ways."
Tension crackled in the air. Sandy glanced up sharply, his mouth thinned in disapproval. "I don't follow your meaning."
Neville raised his eyebrows. "No more than what I said. My own sons have gone to find their own adventure, come what may. One in Pictou, one in Upper Canada. Oh, they may come back here, but it's perhaps my own foolish dream. They want their own place, same as I did. That’s what we all came for, isn’t it?”
Archie lounged in his chair, a faint smile on his face. Allan felt the now-familiar burning of ambition that had so often been quenched.
Sandy’s expression hardened, and when he spoke, his voice was cool. “It’s no foolish dream of mine. My own sons will labor by me, that I can be assured of. Our holding will be worked by all of us."
"Is that so?" Neville glanced thoughtfully at Allan and Archie. Allan could feel himself flushing. His father made it sound as if they all shared an equal weight of responsibility, but he knew the truth of it, and from the shrewd look on Neville Dunmore’s face, he did as well.
Neville, however, seemed to have more sense than to prod a hornet’s nest, for he merely smiled and said, "you're a fortunate man, then, Sandy MacDougall."
Archie snorted, the sound muffled by his hand and set the legs of his chair abruptly on the floor. 
Sitting by the warm fire, the comforts of home around him, Allan had never felt so suffocated... as trapped as one of the beavers they’d caught only yesterday, helpless and dying in the snow. 
His father wouldn’t change. Archie had known all along. Why had he remained so stubbornly blind? As long as Sandy lived, Allan and Archie both would be no better than lackeys to do his bidding.
And David Campbell would not allow Harriet to marry him. Allan felt hollow, as if the earlier rage and ambition had leached out of him.
Campbell had seen the truth of it, he realized. He didn’t want Harriet under Sandy’s thumb as neatly as her husband would be. He wanted more for his daughter, and so did Allan.
He rose suddenly, almost knocking his chair over and causing the quiet little group to look up in wary bewilderment.
"I'm going out."
"Allan, no!" Betty protested. "What can you be thinking of? It's nearly dusk and icy out there, you wouldn't last a minute."
"I just need a breath of fresh air. I've been inside for days... I'll just go for a minute."
Before any more protests could be made, Allan strode to the door, yanking on his coat and boots. He didn't look back as he opened the door and walked out.
The sun was setting, sinking into the snow and turning the horizon molten. Allan began to walk, sinking nearly up to his thighs and not caring.
What could he do? If he returned to Harriet once the farm was established, she’d most likely still marry him, even if it meant flying in the face of her father’s wishes.
Could he ask that of her? He wanted more for his own life than to be ruled by his father, and he wanted more for Harriet as well.
Allan hunched his shoulders against the wind. The only solution would be to strike out on his own, away from the MacDougall holding, perhaps even away from Prince Edward Island. He knew he didn’t have the resources to do that yet... and who knew when he would... if he could ever do it.
For it would surely break Sandy MacDougall’s will, if not his heart.

The chill December winds caused Margaret to shiver and draw her shawl tighter around her. Tobermory harbor was flat and gray, seeming as hard and cold as stone. The street was awash with slushy puddles, and an icy rain was beginning to needle her face. 
It was not a good day to have gone to town, but Margaret could bear the narrow confines of Achlic Farm for only so long. She tried to help Harriet as much as she could, especially now that David Campbell was confined to a sick bed. Yet once in awhile she needed to escape the rigors of farm life, usually with one of Rupert’s books hidden in her basket.
Rupert usually came home from his lessons simply relieved to have them finished, and while Margaret did her best to smile and seem cheerful, inside she burned with resentment. 
She would have changed places with Rupert in a heartbeat. To sit and learn and think all day... to discuss ideas and know things... it sounded like heaven to Margaret, even if Rupert viewed it in quite the opposite way. The fact that her father had denied her the same access to education as Rupert made bitterness spike inside her.
She’d asked, when the arrangements were first being made, for her father to consider her being tutored as well. He’d looked completely shocked.
“How can you even think such a thing! It’s unnatural.”
“I could keep Rupert company...”
“Ian will see to that. And Harriet will need your help in the kitchen and farm.”
Margaret swallowed, knowing from the set expression on her father’s face that there would be no moving him. Still she tried.
“Even just a few days a week…”
“Nonsense, lass. There’s no sense it. When you come to the New Scotland you’ll marry and run your husband’s farm with him. You’ll learn far more in the Campbell kitchen than in a dusty school room.”
Margaret bit back the retort that she didn’t want to learn how to make a flaky pie crust or bottle jam or tend a garden. Her father would not take kindly to such ideas.
So she’d let it go, and consoled herself that at least at Achlic, away from her father, she might have a bit more freedom. And while she was able to steal out for these walks and read some of Rupert’s books, such a little taste of freedom made her yearn for more. Far more.
Sighing, she eyed the descent of a murky sun in a slate-gray sky and knew she should head back to Achlic. She turned, and ran smack into the hard wall of a man’s chest. 
“Oof!”
“My goodness.” A man’s hands gripped her elbows to steady her. “Are you hurt?”
Margaret glanced up at the man’s weather-beaten face, his hair sandy, his eyes a friendly, faded blue. Although his skin was tanned and there were wrinkles around his eyes, she guessed him to be in his late twenties, no more. 
"No, not at all, just surprised. I’m sorry I ran into you. I wasn’t looking to where I was going I’m afraid.” She stepped back, blushing, and the man stooped to retrieve her book from the muddy street. 
"'The Consolations of Philosophy'," he read. "Boethius, if I'm not mistaken, sixth century. Could this be the reason why you missed your step?”
“What do you mean?” Margaret instinctively bristled.
“Not the usual reading material for a young lady."
"I suppose I should be reading some romantic nonsense," she said tartly.
The man raised his eyebrows. "I have no such notion. Admittedly, most young ladies prefer such novels. Or at least the young ladies of my limited acquaintance. As for what you should be doing... that is hardly for me to say." He held the book out to her, and Margaret snatched it. 
"Is there somewhere I can escort you to?” the man asked.
Margaret drew herself up. "That would hardly be proper, sir. I do not know you." It wasn't even proper for them to be standing in the street like this, talking, but Margaret found that conversation with this man was oddly stimulating. He might have been surprised by her reading choice, but he had not been scandalized.
"Then let me introduce myself." He bowed with mock flourish that caused Margaret's lips to twitch with suppressed laughter. "Captain Henry Moore, most pleased to make your acquaintance."
"Margaret MacDougall. Are you a sea captain?"
He straightened, his eyes still full of humor. "Yes, I have a ship in port at the moment. The Allegiance. She runs between here and the Americas. I've decided to stay in Scotland for the winter, though."
"But you're not Scottish." Margaret knew she should have drawn this conversation to a close long ago, and swept by this strange, forward man with a hint of mockery in his eyes. Yet something about his forthright manner and the laughter lacing his words compelled her to stay.
"No, I'm American. My aunt is Scottish, and lives here in Tobermory." He grinned suddenly. “If I can’t escort you somewhere, could she perhaps invite you to tea? Would that be more proper?"
Margaret’s eyes widened at his audacity--and her own ripple of pleasure that it brought. “I don’t even know her--”
“You hardly seem one to stand on propriety, or am I mistaken?” There was a thread of wistfulness in Captain Moore’s voice, and his eyes were the color of the sea on a cloudy day. Margaret looked down. “No, you’re not mistaken.”
"Very well, then, Miss MacDougall. An invitation will be sent forthwith. Where should it be addressed?"
"In the care of Achlic Farm," Margaret blurted, before her courage failed her. "Near Craignuire."
Henry Moore bowed again. "Then I hope we will meet again, in more pleasant circumstances. Adieu."
As he strode away, Margaret found herself gawping like a love-struck maid. She shook her head, and turned smartly in the opposite direction. Yet a treacherous hope burned in her heart. At least now there was something interesting to look forward to, in the person of Henry Moore.

"I'm sorry there isn't better news, Mistress Campbell."
"Never mind, Ted." Harriet pushed the accounts book away from her and rubbed her eyes. She didn't bother to add that she was used to bad news by now. Good news would come as a surprise, at this rate.
"Let me put the kettle on. The least I can offer you on a raw day like this is a cup of tea."
Ted murmured his thanks and Harriet went to the kitchen. She stood at the window while the kettle set to a boil, gazing distantly at the bleak, gray landscape of midwinter. 
David Campbell had been bedridden for three months, and he was not an easy patient. Although his life was not in immediate danger, it was unlikely he would ever resume his full load of farm work again. The burden fell firmly onto Harriet's shoulders.
The piercing whistle of the kettle caused Harriet to yank it off the stove, burning her hand. David hated loud noises, and she didn't want to give him any more cause to complain, or voice his disappointment yet again that she'd not been a son.
Oh Allan, Harriet thought. Why haven't you written? A letter from you would make this all so much more bearable...
Another ship had docked in November, coming from Nova Scotia, and there had been another letter for Margaret and Rupert from their mother, as well as some terse greetings from their father. There had been nothing from Allan.
His silence, Harriet thought not for the first time, was more damning than any words could be. However constant he'd promised to be, his mind--and his heart--had changed like the wind when an ocean separated them.
Yet as long as he was silent, what could she do? She’d not written back, and vowed that she would not bother Allan with her letters until he assured her of his own constancy.
Was she really free? Yes, Harriet knew Allan had freed her, but her heart did not feel free. It yearned for Allan, for his dear face and his promises... even if she now feared they meant nothing.
"It seems like the only solution is to sell some of our acreage," Harriet said bluntly when she returned to Ted with the tea. "With the poor harvest return, we won't have enough money to hire the workers we'll need in the spring, as it is."
The corners of Ted's mouth pulled down in dismay. "Your father won't stand for that, Miss Campbell. This farm's been in your family for fifty years or more, and naught changed in all that time."
"Times have changed," Harriet replied, a trifle sharply. "Three years of bad harvests and dropping prices mean everyone has to do without. If Father were well, if we'd some savings put by..." Harriet shook her head despairingly. "Ted, honestly, what else can we do?"
"There's always the sheep," Ted reminded her. "The price of wool is still steady, and there'll be new lambs this spring as well."
"Yes, but it won't be enough." Harriet knew they fetched a good price for their clip, but they'd always been primarily crop farmers, and the wool was used for the family, with a bit left to sell. They could hardly pin all their hopes on that.
"It'll grieve your father mightily to sell," Ted said mournfully.
"Well, then he shouldn't have got us in this moger," Harriet retorted. As soon as the words were out, she regretted them. "Never mind what I said, Ted. I'm only tired."
"I know, Miss Campbell. Anna and I think you're a brave lass, if you want to know the truth. I don't ken how you put up with it all."
Neither do I, Harriet wanted to say, but she just smiled instead. "Thank you." 
Later that evening, sitting by the fire, a piece of mending lying forgotten in her lap, Harriet's somber thoughts returned to circle uselessly in her mind. There seemed to be no solution but to sell the land, yet even that would only be temporary. If next year's harvest turned out poorly again, they would be as worse off as ever. They might sell another field, but the more land they sold, the less profit they could hope to make. It seemed a hopeless situation.
Eleanor suddenly stood in front of Harriet, a solemn look on her face. With her fingers she gently stroked her older sister's forehead.
"What are you doing, Ellie?" Harriet asked, bemused.
"Don't worry, Harriet, please. I can tell you're worrying because you get that wrinkle in the middle of your forehead, like a dimple."
"Do I?" Harriet briefly touched her brow. "Gives me away, then, doesn't it? I'm sorry. I don't mean to trouble you with my worries."
"But you should," Eleanor protested seriously. "That's what we're here for.”
“She speaks true,” Margaret said quietly, looking up from her game of chess with Rupert. “If we all pull together, perhaps we can think of a solution.” 
Eleanor sat on the stool by Harriet’s knee. “It's money, isn't it? That we need, I mean."
Harriet put down her stitching with a sigh. "Yes, it is."
"Why didn't Father tell us things were going badly?" Ian said suddenly, his voice full of frustrated anger. He gazed moodily into the fire. "It's as if he tricked us, all this while."
"Hush yourself, Ian Campbell," Harriet said sternly. "He was trying to keep us well out of it, and who knows what might've happened if the harvest had been better?" She closed her eyes briefly, the distressing numbers in the accounts book dancing through her mind. "As it is..."
"I wish we could forget it all," Ian said, sounding much younger than his fifteen years. "Who do we owe money to? They should forget it. If everyone's had a bad harvest, it's hardly fair."
"We owe money to just about everyone," Harriet said with a sigh. "Everything's been bought on credit. And I don't think it'll be forgotten, not in these hard times. As for us forgetting it..." she smiled whimsically and quoted, "Ní dhíolann dearmhad fiacha... forgetting a debt does not pay it."
"If only it did!" Eleanor said with a wistful sigh. "We wouldn't need money then, just faulty memories."
“Surely we could do something,” Margaret interjected quietly. “I could write Father...”
“My father won’t take charity, and neither will I,” Harriet replied firmly.
“Harriet, we’re as near as family...”
Harriet just shook her head. Never mind that David would refuse all such offers, she knew it would only be a temporary solution and a bad one at that. She patted Eleanor's thin shoulders. "Never mind, cridhe. We'll get by, somehow."
"Will we?" Eleanor's hazel eyes seemed to know too much.
"I'll quit my studies," Ian said suddenly. "We won't need money for a tutor then, and I can get a job, a proper one."
Harriet shook her head. "Ian, no. You love your studies."
"There are more important things now, aren't there?" Ian's eyes blazed with determination. "I'm the man of the family now, at least while Father's abed. It's time I did things."
"But Ian,” Harriet said, trying not be reasonable without hurting him, “what sort of job could you get? You're only fifteen."
"There's plenty of lads my age working already," Ian replied. "I could work at the docks in Tobermory, or even in Oban. Or do farm work on one of the bigger farms. They're probably doing well for themselves, the fat pigs!"
The bitterness in his voice was impossible to mistake. Harriet sat back with a sigh. How would Ian, with his slight build and fair skin, manage at a job that required the brawn and stamina of a full grown man? He was used to reading and studying all day, nothing more arduous than putting pen to paper. 
Even worse, Harriet knew, the pennies Ian could bring to the household from a laborer's job would do little to cover the debt that threatened to drown them all. Desperate measures were required, and Harriet only wished she knew what they were. Still, she turned to Ian and smiled.
"Thank you, Ian," she said softly, for she knew he had pride. "You've become a man. I can see that now."

"Bring him in, bring him in, man!" Sandy's face was suffused with helpless anger and worry as Archie and Neville Dunmore stumbled in with an unconscious Allan between them.
Agnes Dunmore gazed at Allan for a moment before turning briskly to the fire. "We'll need hot water... and whiskey. Lay him on the bed, Neville. But don't take his boots off... not yet. It needs a woman's touch, that."
Betty clutched at Agnes' arm. "What can I do? Will he be all right?"
"Help me with the water," Agnes commanded. Her stern voice belied the gentleness in her eyes. "I know it's hard, but we all need clear heads now, Betty."
Allan lay on the bed, his face white and dusted with frost, his eyes still closed, his breathing slight. Neville stood up. "It was a foolish notion he had, to go out after dark," he said with a shake of his head. "With the snow still falling, you could get lost going to the privy! Didn't he realize?"
Agnes shot him a quelling look. "Pay him no mind. Of course he didn't realize, Neville. Now let's do the best for him we can. Pray God he doesn't lose any toes... or worse."
"Toes," Betty whispered, and leaned gratefully into Sandy's arms. "Oh, please, no..."
Sandy turned fiercely to Agnes. "What do you mean by worse?" 
Neville put a hand on Sandy's shoulder. "Easy, man. There's no saying what it is. Wait and see."
Agnes gently eased off Allan's boots and cut away the frozen socks from his feet. Sandy stared at the frozen, gray flesh in horror. 
"Fill the tub, Neville," Agnes commanded. "The water shouldn't be too hot. Let's bathe his feet gently, that's the way."
Neville and Sandy supported Allan, who stirred now with faint groans, as Agnes carefully bathed his frozen feet. It seemed an eternity, but to everyone's relief the flesh began to thaw and turn pink. With it Allan began to moan.
"It will pain him some now," Agnes said quietly. "When the feeling comes back..." Allan thrashed on the bed. "You can see it's not pleasant. Archie, bring him some whiskey."
"Why did he storm out of here like that?" Betty whispered, near tears. "So unlike Allan, to give into temper. And I don't even know why!"
"Don't you?" Agnes glanced at her, her expression shrewd. "It must have been something someone said."
Although he wouldn't lose any toes, Allan had to remain in bed for several days for the spell in the cold had thoroughly weakened him. It gave him time to think, and realize the extent of his foolishness. 
"It could've been the end of you," Archie said, his eyes sparkling. "You must have tough skin, brother."
Allan grimaced. "I suppose I must." 
"Why did you do it?" Archie's voice was quiet, and serious for once. "Is it that bad?"
Allan regarded him thoughtfully. Archie was always so cheerful and carefree, nothing seemed to bother him. How could his brother understand his own feelings of suffocation, of loss? 
"You could get out, you know," Archie continued in a low voice. "Father's will isn't binding. You can go your way, if you feel you must."
"The cost is too high." Allan didn't even like to imagine the betrayal both his parents would feel at such an act. "I'll stay here. I have to... for now."
As Allan rested, the rest of his family and the Dunmores made preparation for the Christmas festivities. Although the snow was deep and there was little to fashion presents out of, merriment was certainly part of a PEI Christmas. There would be parties and dancing at neighbours' houses, and a Presbyterian minister out of Charlottetown was coming to the community along the river to hold services.
Agnes and Betty set to making the traditional Christmas fare from the old country, raiding the precious winter stores. Soon the house was full of the delicious smells of black buns and sun cakes, and the hearty Christmas drink atholl brose, made from oatmeal and whiskey.
On Christmas Eve another foot of snow fell, so the drifts went as high as the rooftops.
"Is blianach Nollaid gun sneachd," Agnes quoted with a wry smile. "Christmas without snow is poor fare."
"We've no need to worry about that," Sandy replied. "I've never seen such snow in my life!" 
That evening they all sat around the fire, enjoying the warmth of the flames and each other's company.
"By this time next year, you'll be having us in your cabin," Neville said as he raised his glass. "Everyone who's built a cabin on this island has had help," he added more quietly. "So never fear about that."
"Thank you." Sandy was silent for a moment, as if struggling with himself. "Your hospitality has been generous to all my family," he said at last. "I trust we will have opportunity to do the same."
Betty smiled and clasped Sandy's hand. Allan thought he seemed more at peace this eve, and he wondered--and hoped--that he'd turned a corner.
"No one could survive on their own here," Agnes said with a shake of her head. "The first Scots on the island had to wade in from the shallows to land, and then walk all the way to Charlottetown to beg for help! It's not like that any longer. We're all here for each other. We must be if anyone is going to survive. It’s as simple as that."
Perhaps it wouldn't be so bad, Allan told himself as he raised his own glass. Here there was warmth, and love, and true friendship. Perhaps his father could change... and his dreams could wait a little while.
The clock on the mantle, the Dunmores' pride and joy brought all the way from the old country, struck its tinny chimes.
Neville smiled and glasses clinked. "Happy Christmas!"

The Campbells had a somber Christmas. David had never believed in all the heathen nonsense as he called it. Christmas was just like any other day, and should be treated the same. Since they'd little cause to celebrate anyway, Harriet was happy to keep the work and expense to a minimum.
Still, as Hogmanay approached, Margaret convinced her that they should celebrate.
"Just a little something," she said. "It'll be our first Hogmanay without Mother and Father... and our brothers. Gladden our hearts, Harriet, you must!"
"Don't try that with me," Harriet said with a laugh. "I can hardly put on the kind of celebration you had at Mingarry."
"Just something quiet, then." Margaret's eyes glinted with mischief, and she looked more animated than she had in a long while. "A few games, a nice pudding... I'll make it, don't fear. A drop of whiskey, perhaps?"
"Margaret!" Harriet tried to look scandalized, but then laughter overcame her. "All right, then. We could all do with a little cheering. But we'll have to keep it quiet... if Father wakes up and hears us, he won't be pleased!"
Margaret held a finger to her lips. "As quiet as mice," she promised.
The party proved to be a success, with both the Campbell and MacDougall children as well as Ted and Anna Carmichael making a good crowd.
They all became a bit silly, playing parlor games that Harriet hadn't indulged in since she was a child. She grew weak with laughter at the sight of Ted Carmichael playing bullet pudding, where he poked his face in a dish full of flour to search for the hidden bullet which he'd had to retrieve with his teeth. Unfortunately, his laughter caused him to sneeze, the dish tipped, and soon everyone had a good dusting of flour.
They were still giggling when it came on midnight. As the clock struck twelve, Harriet joined in with the singing of 'Auld Lang Syne', and for the first time in many months she felt something akin to peace. Even if Allan wasn't true, she was a fortunate woman, blessed with family and home. The unease of their financial situation she pushed firmly away.
A sudden, loud knock at the door caused them all to start in surprise. "Firstfooter!" Eleanor cried. "Let's hope he is a tall, dark stranger, to bring us good luck, as well as a handsel."
"You'd best give him a drop of whiskey," Ted warned her, "lest he go away unwelcome!"
Laughing, Harriet went to the door. It was custom for a friend to pretend to be the stranger at midnight that meant good fortune for the coming year. Last year Andrew MacDuff had come upon them, dressed in a long cloak and funny hat.
She threw open the door, ready to greet Andrew or another neighbour, only to find the words die on her lips. The man on the doorstep was a stranger, tall and dark as well. Harriet had never seen him before.
"Excuse the lateness of the hour," the man said with a sweeping bow. He stepped into the circle of light cast by the lamp, and Harriet saw saturnine features, dark eyes full of amusement. "I thought I might bring you good luck as well as this."
He handed her a letter, and Harriet took it in blank surprise. “But who...”
“Read and see, Miss Campbell.”
She opened it with trembling hands.
Sir James Riddell requests an audience with Mistress Harriet Campbell at her earliest convenience.
"Sir James Riddell!" Harriet stared at the stranger in amazement. Of course she knew of the Riddells, but had never cause to meet the powerful family that owned half of Mull and Ardnamurchan too. "Why should he want to meet me?"
The man shrugged and smiled. "He asked that I take your reply. Can you meet him tomorrow?"
Wordlessly Harriet nodded. If Sir James had business with her, she wouldn't keep him waiting.
"Good day then, Mistress Campbell. Till tomorrow."
Harriet watched the stranger disappear into the night, her mind spinning. Margaret appeared at her elbow.
"You didn't invite him in! Why ever not, Harriet? Who was it, anyway? We're sure to have bad luck, now!"
The laughter in her eyes died as she saw Harriet's face. "What's the matter? You look almost ill."
"I... I’m all right." Harriet took a deep breath and turned away from the door. Whatever good luck the stranger had meant to bestow, she knew he'd failed. Business with Sir James Riddell surely did not promise good fortune. Tomorrow she would discover what it was.
 

CHAPTER SIX

Harriet shivered as an icy wind blew in from the sea. It had taken her most of the morning to walk to Lanymoor, Sir James’s manor house on the southern tip of Mull, and her fingers and toes were numb with cold. Now that she was here at the gate, she felt not relief, but dread.
What could Sir James want with her that was anything good?
His reputation among the farmers and crofters of the island was that of a spider. Cold, cruel, with an ever expanding web. Some said he wouldn’t rest until all of Mull’s property was in his name, the crofters under his heel.
Harriet vowed he would not have the Campbell holding, no matter what their debts. Some prices were too high to pay.
Squaring her shoulders, she marched up the sweeping drive. The house of mellowed stone had been built a century ago, but it retained the elegant lines and spaciousness of a gracious home. Harriet hesitated at the front portico. Should she go round to the servants' entrance?
No, she decided with more courage than her stomach thought she had. She was no one's servant.
A parlor maid answered her knock, and after taking her woollen cloak, directed her into a small morning room. A fire blazed in the hearth, and Harriet stretched her hands out towards its warmth.
"Sir James will be with you shortly." With a flounce of her skirts, the maid disappeared. Harriet looked round at her sumptuous surroundings in both amazement and trepidation. She was conscious that even her best dress was well out of fashion, and the lace on the collar she'd added herself. She didn’t fit into this world.
"Miss Campbell."
Harriet whirled around at the voice. Sir James Riddell stood in the doorway, surveying her with shrewd eyes. He was tall and spare, with short graying hair and a finely trimmed moustache. His breeches and morning coat were of the finest quality, his boots polished and gleaming. He looked to be no more than forty or forty-five.
"Good morning, sir." Harriet sketched a curtsey. "I believe you have business with me?"
"Ah, yes." Riddell smiled, and the sight made Harriet feel even more unsure of herself. It was the look of a man who knew he was in control, in power, and relished it. "Why don't you sit down?" he invited. "I've asked for a dish of tea."
Reluctantly Harriet sat on a silk striped divan. Sir James sat across from her.
"Things have not been easy for you, have they?" he asked in what Harriet suspected was meant to be a kindly tone.
She clenched her hands in her lap, and tried to cover the motion with her skirt. "Everyone has had their share of difficulties in these trying times."
"Of course...” Riddell nodded in understanding, steepling his fingers under his chin. “But what with your father's illness, and of course the dire straits Achlic Farm is in..." he trailed off delicately.
Harriet forced herself to unclench her hands. Her gloves were damp with sweat. How did he know these things? 
"And of course, your sweetheart... my dear cousin's son..." Riddell’s smile turned feral. "Leaving for Scotia like that. The whole family just upped and went. I lost a very good tacksman." His eyes were cold even as he asked pleasantly, "What was his name? Your beau?"
Harriet forced herself to speak calmly. She supposed Riddell knew about her through the MacDougalls, although it hardly seemed likely they would discuss her. The question was, why did he know--and care? "His name is Allan."
"Yes, of course. I remember him. A pity you weren’t able to marry before he emigrated.”
Harriet felt her heart twist painfully inside her. With effort she lifted her chin and met Riddell’s sly gaze. “Yes, a pity.” 
His smile widened, looking falser than ever. “Forgive my rudeness. I only ask because I commiserate with you, my dear. I loved someone once, you know.”
“Did you indeed?” Harriet could not imagine it. 
“Unfortunately, my guardian did not think it a good match. Understandable, of course, as I was an impressionable young man with a title and fortune since I was but ten years old.” Harriet inclined her head. Riddell sat back in his seat, crossing one leg neatly over the other. “By the time I had gained my independence to make an offer, the lady in question had changed her mind.” For a moment, his expression hardened, the charming smile slipping out of place.
“I’m sorry.” Harriet couldn’t fathom why Riddell was telling her his history, but she was still wary of his honeyed words and compassionate tone. There was a sting hidden somewhere, she knew it. “Of course,” she felt compelled to add, “Allan need have no such fear of me.”
“Ah, but we are all capricious.” His eyes glittered and he leaned forward. “Tell me, have you received any letters from your Allan?"
Harriet's mouth was dry. Riddell almost sounded as if he knew something. But what could he possibly know? And why did he care so much?
"His family has corresponded," she said in a small, tight voice.
"Ah, good." The maid brought in a tea tray and they were both silent until she'd left the room again. "Would you be so kind as to pour?"
Harriet nodded, and willed her hands not to shake as she lifted the heavy teapot. “Cream or sugar?” she asked in little more than a whisper.
“Both, thank you.” Riddell took the delicate china cup and sipped. "I'm sure you're wondering why I've brought you here, and the answer is simple. You have something I want, and I have something you want."
Harriet stared at him in amazement. The teapot slipped slightly in her grasp, and she set it down with an awkward clatter. "What could you have that I want?"
Riddell laughed. "I imagine," he said dryly, his gaze flicking around the room, "that I have many things you want. However... I'm speaking in this instance of one particular item." He reached into the pocket of his coat and withdrew a letter, the parchment weathered and sealed with wax. Harriet felt the blood drain from her face. She had quite a good idea who it was from--and no idea why Sir James possessed it. Her teacup rattled as she replaced it in its saucer.
"Where did you get that?"
"Shall we say I found it?" Riddell raised his eyebrows, but then his jocular expression hardened. "It would do well, Miss Campbell," he said, his voice dangerously soft, "to remember that I can get most anything I want."
"Why did you want a letter meant for me?" Harriet's voice came out in a thread of sound. She felt her heart thud hard in her chest.
"I told you, you have something I want. Something small... for now."
Harriet shook her head. "I don't know what it could be."
"I've heard it told that you are excellent on the pianoforte."
Her eyes widened in surprise. "I play," she agreed cautiously.
"My niece, Caroline, is eight years old. I'd very much like her to learn how to play. I thought you could teach her. You'd be compensated, of course."
"You took that letter just so I'd teach the pianoforte?" Harriet’s voice rose in disbelief. It didn't make any sense. If he'd asked her outright, she would have accepted. There was no need for subterfuge or trickery; the extra income would be welcome.
Riddell ignored her question. "Are you agreed, then?"
Harriet knew she didn't really have much choice. She realized then that Riddell hadn't taken the letter so she would teach his niece. That was merely a pretext. He took the letter to show her his power. 
She felt its weight with a sickening lurch of fear. There was something else Riddell wanted and she was afraid to even guess what it was.
"Yes," she said at last. "I'd be... delighted to teach Caroline the pianoforte."
"Good." Riddell smiled. "Shall we see you here next Tuesday, at three o'clock?" He extended the letter to her. "Don't forget this."
Harriet took the letter with numb fingers. “Why,” she asked, her voice little more than a croak, “did you ask me here?”
Riddell smiled. “I believe I gave you the reason, my dear.”
“The real reason, then.”
“Ah, Miss Campbell.” He shook his head, his tone still pleasant. “Let us leave it at that, shall we? For now.”
With those ominous words, Harriet knew he indeed had plans she was not aware of. Plans she realized she didn’t want to know.
Perhaps they would never come to pass.
A few minutes later she was let out of the house, the letter still clutched in her hand. The sky was a pale, fragile blue, wispy clouds scudding across. 
Harriet closed her eyes briefly, enjoyed the weak warmth of winter sunlight on his face. Allan had written her. He had not forgotten her. He was not faithless.
She opened her eyes. Was he now wondering about her own lack of response, her faithless heart?
"We meet again."
Harriet looked up in surprise to see her Hogmanay visitor. "You!"
"Please, let me introduce myself. Andrew Reid, nephew to Sir James." Although he resembled James Riddell in looks, his face was full of humor rather than shrewdness. He bowed low, with a flourish, and Harriet narrowed her eyes.
"You have a flair for the dramatic, Mr. Reid."
Andrew grinned. "It adds a bit of fun. I admit, coming to Achlic Farm on Hogmanay might have been a bit much. I didn't mean to frighten you off." He touched her lightly on her sleeve. "You're not cross now, are you?"
There was a look of gentle whimsy in his eyes that made Harriet angry, though she could not fathom why. Perhaps it was because of her recent interview with Sir James; she was in no mood for banter. "Why should I be cross with a stranger?" she asked, and inclined her head in cold farewell. "Good day to you."

"Now, Miss MacDougall, you must tell me all about yourself."
Seated in Helena Moore's cosy parlor, with tea and scones and Henry Moore sitting across from her, his eyes twinkling, Margaret felt a warm flush of pleasure. It was so very pleasant to be here, with people who found her interesting and worth talking to. It was certainly better than being trapped in a kitchen, slaving over a cook pot or ironing endless sheets. Until she’d come to Achlic, she hadn’t realized how cossetted she’d been at Mingarry, with servants at hand.
"My family has emigrated to Nova Scotia," Margaret explained. "And I've stayed behind with my younger brother, Rupert, so he can finish his lessons."
"And have some lessons of your own?" Henry added with a smile. "You do seem fond of learning."
"And why shouldn't I be?" Margaret flared. "In this modern age, an educated woman should be considered an asset!"
"Oh, my!" Helena clapped her hands together in delight. "You're not a milksop miss, are you now, my dear?" She turned to smile broadly at Henry. "I do enjoy a good debate."
Henry laughed. "You won't get one with me, Aunt Helena. I've nothing against educating women... or anyone who's interested, for that matter, slave or free." His face darkened for a moment before he turned to Margaret and smiled. "Everyone has a right to learning. And you enjoy your reading, Miss MacDougall?"
“I do,” Margaret said, and then felt compelled to confess, “but the books belong to my brother.”
“Does it matter the owner?” Henry asked lightly. “I would have thought the reader was more important.”
“Perhaps.” Margaret found herself blushing under Henry Moore's gaze. There was compassion in his eyes, but there was also too much understanding.
“Perhaps,” he said quietly, “your brother’s tutor is not as enlightened as we are?” He spoke with easy humor, yet Margaret still stiffened.
“I beg your pardon?”
“Could you not have lessons with your brother?”
Her gaze skittered away. “I fear not.” Not wanting to admit anything more, she broke off and stared into her teacup.
"You must miss your family terribly," Helena said to break the sudden, awkward silence. "Will you and your brother be joining them in Scotia?"
"One day, perhaps in two years' time." It suddenly seemed so far away, and Margaret was seized with a fierce desire to see her family again, especially Mother and Allan, who understood her and made her laugh. How was it possible that a familiar world had become so strange?
"I'm sorry, my dear, I didn't mean to make you mournful."
"It's all right." Margaret smiled. "I shall see them soon, I know, and in the meantime your company is most pleasant."
“It is lovely to have such young company,” Helena agreed. “I’m thankful I was able to lure Henry away from Boston. Scotland in the winter is hardly a pleasing prospect to one as travelled as he!”
“It is your company, Aunt Helena,” Henry replied with a gallant little bow, his eyes alight with self-deprecating laughter. He turned to Margaret. “My parents emigrated to America when I was but a bairn myself. Aunt Helena stayed, and I promised to stay the winter with her so she wouldn’t get lonely.”
Margaret wasn’t sure how to reply to this rather bald statement till she saw Helena laugh and bat Henry on the arm. “Where are your manners, you oaf! You’re fortunate I took you in.”
Listening to their banter, Margaret realized that her own home had been sadly lacking in that kind of ease and companionship. She and Allan had always rubbed along, and Archie was good for a laugh, and of course there was Rupert... yet somehow when she remembered Mingarry Farm, it was as if a shadow had hung over it, a shadow of something akin to fear.
Fear, Margaret realized, of her father. Sandy was a loving man, a careful father, but he had still been quick to disapprove. They had always to watch their words, their looks even under his sharp eye. And Mother, dear Mother, saw it too. Margaret suddenly realized the burden she must have born, always caught between.
Could they escape that in the new world? Had they? Perhaps in a country as new as Scotia, people could change. Her father could change.
"There seems an obvious solution to your quandary," Henry said suddenly, jolting Margaret out of her reverie. She realized the hour was late and she would have to hurry to meet Rupert and Ian. "Don't you think so, Aunt Helena?"
"Perhaps I would, if I knew what you were on about," Helena replied, her face as puzzled as Margaret's.
Henry leaned back in his chair. "Margaret would like instruction. A tutor. I need something to occupy this long winter, and you could do with some entertainment as well, I'd imagine."
Helena's eyes twinkled with sudden understanding. "Indeed I could."
"I'm sorry, but I've no idea what any of this means," Margaret said, trying not to be cross that they were talking over her head. “And I’m afraid I must take my leave. My brother will be waiting for me.”
Helena smiled up at her. "I think, my dear, Henry is proposing to be your tutor."
Margaret's stunned gaze flew between the pair of them. "My tutor... but..."
"I assure you, he's quite educated," Helena continued, now smiling broadly. "He attended university in America... one of the better ones. What was it again, Henry?"
"Harvard."
Margaret sat back down, her mind whirling. "But..."
"It would be all very proper," Henry added quickly, covering his mouth in a sudden, embarrassed cough. "Aunt Helena could be our chaperone."
Margaret glanced up at him. His eyes were warm, and a bit too knowing. Still, there was honesty there, and genuine friendliness. "I couldn't pay you," she warned, compelled to the truth.
"Money need not come into it," Henry replied with a dismissive wave of his hand. "Let us consider it a matter between friends?" The questioning lilt in his voice made Margaret blush. Her mind spun with new possibilities, doors she thought forever shut now thrown wide open.
"Yes... of course. Friends." Her words came out in a stutter, and she concentrated on finding her reticule, suddenly unable to meet Henry’s gaze.
The silence lengthened, and Margaret caught Helena’s smile of delight from the corner of her eye. Did she imagine she was seeing the beginnings of a courtship? 
"It's settled then,” Henry said. “You can come here mornings, when Rupert is having his lessons. And at the end of winter, when I return to sea, you can decide which of you has received the better education!" 
Margaret nodded, still unable to believe this turn of events. She fumbled once more with her reticule and it fell to the floor.
With a little smile Henry picked it up and pressed it into her hands. “Who do you think shall have the better education, Miss MacDougall?” he said softly. “I wonder.”
Margaret wondered if he was talking about an education of an entirely different nature. “I just want lessons,” she blurted, and then blushed scarlet.
Henry grinned. “Of course,” he agreed. “Perhaps we should start with Boethius?”

The snows had remained deep on the island throughout the winter, and the first signs of thaw didn't come until late March.
It was warm enough for the MacDougalls to begin building again, although the wet snow and endless mud made it a dismal business.
Allan and Archie stood knee-deep in mud, joining logs together for the south wall. The cabin was made of stripped logs with corner dovetail notches, to reduce the need for nails which could only be had on the mainland. It was a style of building common in the Americas for the last hundred years, but foreign to the Scots. It had been the Dunmores who had shown them the way of it.
In the distance they could hear the loud crack of the ice floes breaking apart on the river. It sounded like gunshots.
"It's looking bonny now, eh, boys?" Sandy called as he waded through the mud to inspect their work.
Allan nodded. Now that the foundations were laid, putting the walls together would take relatively little time. He couldn't suppress a stirring of unease, however, that the cabin was twice as big as most others in the Scottish' settlements. Besides the large common room with its stone fireplace, there were three bedrooms and a separate kitchen. What was his father trying to prove?
"We'll have it finished before planting time," Sandy said in satisfaction. "This summer we'll be as any other family on island... living in our own home, enjoying the fruits of our own hands!"
Allan had seen the plans for their acreage, though he’d had no say in designing them. Fields for barley, wheat, potatoes, and hay, as well as a kitchen garden for the family's needs and an orchard for apples and cherries. 
Although he’d no place in the decision making, Allan was looking forward to the new challenges. Once finished, the MacDougall farm would be a prosperous place indeed.
"I've heard talk about going across to the mainland," Archie said after Sandy had left. "The ice is breaking up enough to take a boat. Douglas MacPherson said we could go with him, carry the boat across the bigger ice floes."
"Isn't it too early? The Dunmores said no one tried to cross till April." As if to underscore his words, another loud crack of breaking ice echoed through the cold, still air.
"Scared, brother?" Archie raised his eyebrows in light mockery. "I haven't seen naught but the walls of that cabin, and this mud hole, for months. I'd like a bit of adventure."
"It's dangerous, Archie," Allan said in a low voice. "You've heard the tales. Men have been trapped in the ice floes for days... and then found frozen."
"Them, perhaps," he said with a shrug. "Not me."
Allan sighed. Archie had always had a daring side, but this was foolhardy in the extreme. He knew he couldn't let his brother be so reckless, at least not alone. 
If anything happened to Archie, Allan would be the one to answer to his father. For all the responsibility he thought he wanted, he didn’t want this one. “What does Douglas MacPherson think of this plan?” he asked, and Archie shrugged.
“He’ll go.”
Allan knew Douglas, three years younger than Archie, looked up to him, envied his charm and careless attitude. No doubt the lad wanted to show Archie how daring he could be. 
Allan also knew he would have to accompany them. If anything happened to Archie on his watch, Sandy and Betty would never forgive him. And Allan knew he would never forgive himself.
"All right, then," he said finally. "I'll go."
The sky was flat, gray and unfriendly when they set out the next day to cross the sea. Allan stared at the churning surface, large ice floes strewn across it as if flung by a giant hand. The water rushing past them looked cold and angry, having finally escaped its winter entrapment.
Douglas MacPherson shook his head, nibbling at his lip in an anxious manner. "It looks too rough today. Perhaps we should wait."
"I'm not waiting," Archie declared. "Look, we could almost walk across!" He stepped onto a chunk of ice and did a little jig. "See?"
"You won't be dancing when we're in the middle of that," Douglas said, pointing to the ice-laden waters. 
Archie raised his eyebrows in eloquent and damning silence. Doulgas frowned unhappily, clearly seeing the folly of the expedition, yet unwilling to be labelled a coward.
Allan had no such fears. “Leave off, Archie. If Douglas says it’s dangerous, then I ken it’s true. He’s lived here longer than we have.”
“Yesterday he told me he’d done it before!” Archie glanced at Douglas, his smile sardonic. “You were brave sitting by the fire, Douglas. What’s changed?”
Allan felt a spurt of anger and he strove to keep his voice even. “We’re all brave by the fire. Enough, now. We’ll go later in the season, like sensible men.”
“Ah,” Archie replied softly, “but I’ve never been a sensible man.” There was a glitter in Archie’s eyes that Allan had never seen before, a gleam of recklessness far beyond his usual insouciance that chilled him even more than the frozen waters by their feet.
“And if you take us with you to your icy grave, how will that be on your conscience?” Allan demanded.
Archie shrugged. “I’m not whipping you into the boat, am I?”
“You can hardly go alone, you don’t even know the route! And you’ve never paddled through ice floes before. You’d be in the water before we’d even lost sight of you.”
“Such touching confidence!” Archie spread his arms wide. “Still, I think I’ll place the wager.” He turned to Douglas. “Coming, or are you as womanish as my brother?”
Allan clenched his fists and forced himself to ignore the unjust jibe. He knew Archie loved to stir things up simply for the pleasure of seeing the trouble he’d caused, yet this was farther than he usually dared to go, and the wager he talked of placing affected them all.
Douglas stared at his feet, looking miserable. “Aye, I’ll come.” He stepped reluctantly into the iceboat.
Archie waved at Allan. “Keep the soup warm for us,” he mocked, “we’ll be hungry when we return, no doubt.”
“I’m coming too,” Allan replied, his voice little more than a growl. “I can hardly let you go alone.”
“Can’t you? Or did Father tell you to keep me on leading strings?” There was a ragged note of bitterness in Archie’s voice that caused Allan to turn his head.
“He’s never...”
“Who accompanied him on visits to the crofts? To Riddell?” Allan shook his head in denial, but Archie pressed on. “You may chafe at how he treats you, brother, but it’s a sight more than what he has for me.”
Allan stared at his brother for a moment, saw the careless laughter in his dark eyes replaced by something cold and hard, a kernel of bitterness nursed for longer than he knew. The wind, even by the shore, was cold and raw.
Archie gave a little smile. “I never asked you to be my keeper.”
“I know you haven’t. But Father--”
“Ah, but that’s where we differ, brother,” Archie cut him off. “You care what Father thinks. I don’t.” He turned away to speak to Douglas, and Allan was left feeling cast adrift in more ways than he cared to number.
They pushed off from the shore. Lightweight and little more than a canoe, the boat was made to be carried across the larger ice floes, but it did not inspire confidence--or stability--out in the more open waters.
The wind was biting and as the island grew smaller behind them, Allan could see why the Mi'kmaq, who had settled there thousands of years ago, had named it Abergweit, 'Cradled by the waves'. Prince Edward Island was truly a small smudge of land surrounded by a vast and relentless ocean.
It was only twelve miles to the mainland, but progress was painstakingly slow. Douglas crouched in the stern, shouting directions while Archie and Allan paddled, their numb hands curled around the paddle handles.
They'd just cleared an open stretch of water and were navigating between two large ice floes when Douglas suddenly shouted, "Turn around! Turn round, quick as you can!"
Allan stared helplessly at the ice floes that came to jam on either side of them. There was no way to turn around. It was too late, and soon he saw why. 
With a heavy thud that sent them all to their knees, the boat jammed into a wide fissure in an ice floe. There was ice on three sides, and little way to get out.
They were all silent for a moment, the air surprisingly still, their breath coming in frosty puffs.
"Can you shift it?" Archie asked.
Douglas shook his head. "Not enough, with the ice on either side. It's jammed right in. Perhaps if we all try..." He glanced behind, his face paling. An outcropping of ice had broken off from a larger floe and floated towards them, pushed by the icy water. It wedged itself in behind the boat, locking them in completely. 
Ice blocked them on all four sides. In every direction there was only more ice-strewn water, cold, unforgiving, promising nothing but despair. 
"It's no good," he said hoarsely.
"What do you mean?" Allan demanded. "You've done this before, haven't you? There must be a way out. The ice will shift itself, or we will."
Douglas stared at him with wide, hopeless eyes for a moment before shaking his head. “Have you ever tried to move ice? You might as well empty the ocean with a spoon. It won’t move, and we’ll likely damage the boat if we try.”
“Then we’re to wait here till we freeze to death?” Allan asked in disbelief. Anger followed fast, crashing over him in a useless wave. He suppressed a violent shiver.
“Another boat might come.” Even as he said it, Douglas seemed to know what a feeble hope this was. “They know we’ve gone...”
“They’ll think we spent the night in Pictou,” Allan said flatly. “We’d hardly set back in the dark.”
“Still, someone might come. If a boat came near us, we could cross that ice floe to it, but even that's dangerous."
"I thought we were meant to cross the floes!"
"Big ones. These are all small. A man could fall through, or topple over. They're little more than boulders."
"Will the ice shift by itself?" Allan asked. His mind was racing as if through a maze, looking for a chance of escape. "Surely it will break up on its own."
"Perhaps... in time." Douglas shrugged.
"Then we can wait for that,” Allan said with a firmness borne from desperation.
Douglas gave him an almost pitying look. "When the sun sets it will be below freezing, and we're out here in the open. How long do you suppose we'll last?"
The helpless rage inside him spilled over. "If it was so dangerous, why did you agree to go?"
Archie had been listening to their conversation, a faint smile on his face. Now he spoke quietly. “You know as well as I do it was my idea, Allan. Douglas wouldn’t have gone if I hadn’t called him a coward.” Douglas stared at his feet. “He told me we should wait till after the syruping.”
“A fine time to mention that,” Allan snapped.
“And,” Archie continued, ignoring Allan, “you wouldn’t have gone at all, if you didn’t have this ridiculous notion that you need to keep watch over me.”
“You knew I’d come,” Allan said in a choked voice, and Archie shrugged.
“I supposed I did.”
“Then perhaps,” Allan said, struggling to keep his voice even, “you can find a way to get us out of this fankle.” He paused, the fury and despair hardening inside himself so he felt like a different person. A stranger. “Because if you don’t, you've killed us. You’ve killed us all."
Archie merely smiled, and Allan realized he was most angry with himself, for agreeing to Archie's foolish plan. He could have persuaded him otherwise, surely, and prevented this disaster. The fault was his, for being led by his brother yet again.
"I'm not willing to give up quite that easily," Archie replied with a jaunty grin, although Allan saw that his face was pale. "Douglas, what chance is there of another boat coming out in this cold, and finding us?”
Douglas swallowed audibly. “None,” he admitted. “No one goes out this early.”
"Well, then," Archie replied, "I'll just have to go get one."
"You can't!" Douglas grabbed his sleeve as Archie stood up. "The ice is too dangerous, Archie. It may look solid, but see how it's black underneath? You'll go right through, and you won't last more than two minutes in that water."
"We haven't another chance," Archie replied. "And I'm deft on my feet, remember?" He glanced out at the water. "There are ice floes as far as I can see, and surely that's a good sign."
"It's madness!" Douglas shook his head vehemently. "We must be six miles from the mainland."
And six miles from the island as well, Allan realized. Trapped in the middle.
"Douglas is right, Archie," he said. "There must be another way."
"And what way would that be?" Archie asked. 
"Someone will realize...”
Archie shook his head. “We’ve already said they’ll think we spent the night in Pictou. Douglas, did you even tell anyone you were coming out?”
Douglas shook his head. “They would’ve thought me mad.”
Archie turned to Allan. “Father doesn’t even realize the danger, he’s that ignorant of the ways here! No one is coming to look for us,” he finished flatly, and Allan knew it was true. 
“Going out there alone is as good as a death warrant,” he said in a low voice. “Archie, let me go.”
Archie laughed, the sound echoing like a gunshot across the sea, ricocheting off the ice. “I won’t let you play the hero that easily. Can you imagine what my life would be like? No, I’ll do it.”
“I can’t--”
“I’m not asking your permission,” Archie said coolly, “as I recall. It was my fault we’re in this fankle, you said so yourself. Now let me take the responsibility off your stooped shoulders, brother. There’s far too much placed there as it is.”
Or not enough, Allan thought. He’d craved more responsibility at the farm, but he didn’t want this. Never this.
“All right,” he said at last. “God be with you.”
“He always is.” With a mocking salute he stepped out of the boat onto the ice.
Both Douglas and Allan held their breath as they watched Archie navigate the ice. He leapt nimbly from boulder to boulder, yet at times it looked as if he would topple into the rushing water. Several times he reached a dead end, with no further ice to reach, and had to carefully retrace his steps back. 
The mist was closing in, and after a short while they could see him no longer, although they could still hear him as he called out his progress in a cheerful voice. Then his voice grew fainter, until after awhile it faded completely and they could not hear him at all.
Without the sound of Archie's calls, it seemed ominously quiet. The silence of the sea was broken only by the sudden, loud cracks of the ice breaking up, each one an unsettling reminder of their grim situation.
Allan realized he was shivering. The air was heavy and wet, yet sharp with cold. He pulled his scarf up around his face and clenched his fingers together in his fur lined gloves to restore the feeling in them. He'd no desire to get frostbite again. He'd no desire to die.
Would he die out here, Allan wondered. It seemed likely. How on earth would Archie navigate six miles of open sea, especially with the mist closing in? His brother had been brave, but foolish.
And he, Allan, had been just as stupid, and not even brave at that. He closed his eyes, his face contorted with regret.
He would never make his fortune. He would never see Harriet again. 
He tried to imagine her dear face. If only he’d ignored her father’s refusal, begged Harriet to come with him. They could have had a married life together already.
And now you would make her a widow?
The quiet voice inside him made his head bow in shame. He could not have ignored David Campbell’s request, if only because he believed in it himself. Harriet deserved more than what he had to offer now.
Perhaps she deserved more than him. 
Would she hear word of his death? Would she marry someone else? The thought brought him both pain and a sense of relief, that she might be provided for and happy.
The hours passed in numbing, agonising slowness. They lay down together in the bottom of the boat to keep warm, although it meant they would be less likely to be seen. Even there it was cold, with the ice pressed in on both sides.
"Do you think he'll make it through?" Douglas asked, his voice small in the vastness of the ice strewn wasteland. "It's madness."
"I know it is." Allan kept clenching and unclenching his fingers. The cold was seeping into his very bones, making it hard for him to move or even think. "That's Archie, though."
"Even if he does make it, he won't be long for this world," Douglas said, with both admiration and warning. "Not when he insists on these schemes!"
"If he does make it," Allan acknowledged quietly, "he'll have saved our lives."
"There's small hope of that," Douglas said without bitterness. "In this weather... he's been gone three hours, at least. He's probably dead, and we might as well be."
"Don't say it!" Allan's voice was harsh, and took more effort than he realized. His breath caught in his chest painfully. Was Archie dead, lost forever in the icy seas? As they would be, most likely, in a few hours...
The faces of his family drifted before his closed eyes, as he imagined their grief and their silent reproach. Even in his cold induced daze, he couldn't shake the feeling that all of this was his responsibility, his fault.
As the mist descended over the water like a shroud, Allan fell into a numbing sleep.

CHAPTER SEVEN

"Don't want to!" The little girl slammed her hands onto the keys of the pianoforte, creating a jangling disharmony. 
"Please, Caroline, one more time through your scales, and then today's lesson will be over."
Harriet sighed inwardly as Caroline jutted her lip out in mutinous denial. She'd been teaching Caroline Campbell the pianoforte for the last three months, but little progress had been made. Although the girl possessed a certain innate ability, her appalling manners and fierce opposition to instruction of any kind was proving difficult indeed.
"Try again," she said firmly. Resentfully Caroline began to plunk out the scales, and Harriet knew she was doing a poor job of it on purpose. With a resigned sigh she closed the lid of the pianoforte. "That will do for today, Caroline."
As the little girl scampered off, Harriet stared out the music room window at the rolling lawns of Lanymoor House. In the three months since she'd been coming there, she'd rarely seen James Riddell, making her wonder at the true nature of his manipulations. She couldn't shake off the fear that Riddell had something in store for her--and her family--that had precious little to do with the pianoforte.
"Will you join us for tea, Miss Campbell?" Andrew Reid entered the music room with a small bow. "Caroline requested scones especially today."
Harriet hesitated. Every week Mr. Reid invited her to take tea with them after Caroline's lesson, and every week she politely but firmly refused. She'd no desire to get even further entangled in the Riddell family, and she didn’t like Andrew Reid’s slightly mocking smile. It bordered on flirtation, a flirtation that sadly appealed to her femininity, even if she knew her heart was spoken for.
Yet Caroline's particularly mulish behaviour today made Harriet reconsider. Perhaps if she tried to get to know the girl outside of lessons, she'd have more success actually teaching her something of the pianoforte.
"Very well," she said, and then amended, "thank you for your kind invitation."
Andrew’s eyes glinted wickedly as if he knew her thought process exactly. "We're honored, of course."
Harriet pursed her lips. She'd no need of Riddell charm, even if it was from a Reid relation.
"What's she doing here?" Caroline demanded with a sulky pout as Harriet entered the drawing room. 
"Caroline, you're a little savage," Andrew said mildly. "The proper thing to say is 'how do you do, Miss Campbell'."
Harriet smothered a laugh. Caroline's malevolent glare was a far cry from that. "Never mind," she said brightly. "I'm happy to see you, Caroline. At least now we won't have the dreadful noise of the pianoforte to distract us."
Caroline looked at her suspiciously, clearly wondering whether Harriet was poking fun but her innocent, demure expression gave nothing away.
Andrew nodded. "That's the way of it, Miss Campbell. If you haven't already, you'll soon learn that Caroline dislikes anyone's attempt to be pleasant with her. She thinks they're toadying."
"What's toadying?" Caroline asked.
"Never mind, savage." Andrew tousled her head of blond curls. If only she could endeavour to be pleasant, Harriet thought, the little girl would be quite charming.
As Caroline retreated to a corner of the room, Harriet said quietly, "if I encounter more success through being honest rather than merely pleasant, it will be a relief. She certainly needs to learn some manners!" Immediately she regretted her impulsive tongue. Andrew was Caroline's brother, and she was virtually a nobody.
Andrew chuckled. "Never fear, Miss Campbell," he said, seeming to read her thoughts once again. "I quite agree. Although I do feel sorry for the poor child. She's been motherless her whole life."
"What happened?"
"Our mother, Amelia Riddell, died in childbirth. I was already sixteen at the time... Caroline was unexpected." His usually humorous expression clouded over briefly. "At least I have memories of her, but Caroline has none. And Uncle James, I'm afraid, has let her run wild."
"What of her... your father?" Harriet knew she was being far too curious, but she couldn't help herself. 
"He was... dissolute." Andrew shook his head wryly. "He preferred cards and loose living to family life, and I barely saw him. After Mother died, he disappeared completely. He'd gone through Mother's dowry in minutes... there wasn't anything left, and still isn't." He shrugged. "Which is how we come to rely on the charity of Uncle James."
Did she detect a note of bitterness, Harriet wondered. She wouldn't blame him if he was. No one liked having to depend on charity. Taking a sip of tea, she returned the conversation to safer ground... Caroline. 
"She must have a nurse."
"Yes, but the nurse is as indulgent as Uncle James. They both feel sorry for her, having no mother or father, but as you and I can see they do Caroline no favors."
"Certainly not." Harriet felt a certain sympathy for the little girl, yet she also thought of her own sister, Eleanor, with no mother, and how lovely and sweet she was. Surely anyone could overcome their circumstances? All Caroline needed was genuine love, rather than pity, and a firm hand.
"I think, Miss Campbell," Andrew said quietly, "you might be just what Caroline needs."
Harriet looked up sharply. "I'm only here to teach the pianoforte, Mr. Reid."
Andrew’s gaze held her own, and Harriet had trouble looking away. "Of course, Miss Campbell."

"Oh, please, that's enough discussion for today!"
Henry Moore chuckled. "I never thought I'd hear you say that."
Margaret smiled self-consciously. "I didn't, either." For the last three months she'd been tutored by Henry Moore, and felt she'd got a better bargain than Rupert. Henry didn't just instruct her, he opened her mind, encouraged her to question, debate, even argue. Margaret revelled in the kind of intellectual freedom she'd never known before.
"Actually, Miss MacDougall, there's something I wanted to discuss with you."
There was no reason whatsoever for Margaret's heart to skip suddenly, or her cheeks to flush, yet they did. She looked at Henry with a teasing smile. "You sound rather serious."
"I am."
Margaret swallowed. Although they'd only know each other for a few months, it felt much longer. Every morning they conversed, joked, argued, and got to know each other in a way many married couples never did. After the first few weeks, Aunt Helena had quietly withdrawn, looking in only periodically to check on them.
The privacy--the intimacy--had been almost overwhelming. Margaret found herself staring at Henry’s bent head, the blond whiskers on his jaw, while they were meant to be studying a map. She watched his strong hand trace Magellan’s sea journey across the Pacific, and every coherent thought flew from her head.
Often she would catch Henry looking at her, a half-smile playing on his features, and she had to use all her determination to keep from flushing scarlet in acute knowledge of her own state.
She was falling in love.
Now she attempted a calm outward appearance even though her insides trembled with wonderful expectation and a little fear. She raised her eyebrows, managing to smile. "Pray, then, tell me what it is."
"Spring is here." Henry said. He glanced down at the map they’d been studying, the Atlantic Ocean a vast blue space on the paper. "The sea is fit for sailing again, and The Allegiance is almost ready to make way."
"You mean... you're leaving?" She'd known this would happen, yet somehow Margaret had managed to push the unwelcome thought to the far reaches of her mind.
"Yes, for awhile. I hope to be back here next winter."
Next winter! It was a lifetime away. Her father might have even sent for her and Rupert by then. She might never see Captain Henry Moore again. Margaret nodded, looking down. "I see."
"Aunt Helena wanted me to assure you that when I'm gone, you may still come here and continue your studies. You'll have free use of any books and papers, so I'm certain I'll find you've learned more in my absence than in my presence."
"I would not fear on that account," Margaret said with a small smile. "I am certain of no such thing."
There was an awkward pause as they gazed at each other, and Margaret longed to speak of a different kind of learning entirely. Even she did not dare. Matters of the heart were a foreign soil to her, as unknown as any of the distant lands on the map spread out between them. 
"Miss MacDougall..." Henry cleared his throat. "During my journeys I shall no doubt stop at Tobermory for a night or two, and would be honored to be allowed to leave a letter for you there, in care of my aunt. And... if you so wished... any letters you might write would reach me, if given to my aunt."
"Would they?" Margaret's mouth was dry. "That is a sound idea, then."
"Yes." Henry nodded, coughed, and then leaned forward, his face grave and earnest. "It would give me no end of pleasure to imagine that, upon my return next winter, you might still be unclaimed in your affections."
Margaret could not tear her gaze away from Henry’s face. “I imagine that would be the case,” she said, her voice a croaky whisper.
Henry lifted her hand to his lips, the kiss feather-light. “Then until next winter, Miss MacDougall.”

“Give up, lad. They're gone.”
Angus Pheeley's gruff voice barely registered. Archie shook his head and scanned the bleak seascape once more. “I told them I'd come back. I gave my word.”
“If we stay out here much longer, we'll be trapped as well,” Angus said. “Look--dusk is falling, and the ice will freeze up when the sun sets.”
“A little while longer.” A fierce light blazed in Archie's eyes. He was cold to the bone, and weary as well. It'd taken him four hours to cross the treacherous, ice-strewn waters, and another hour to reach Pictou and convince Angus Pheeley to take his boat out. Most people shrank away, claiming it was madness to attempt a crossing in this weather. Archie knew it was, but he refused to listen to their grave assurances that Allan and Douglas were as good as dead, and there was nothing he could do.
Archie believed there was. If he left them, they would surely die. He was their only hope of rescue. He appealed to Angus Pheeley’s sense of adventure, coupled with a lingering guilt over a friend’s death long ago on the ice. He’d agreed to lend Archie his iceboat, and had even volunteered to go with him.
“Look, there!” Archie pointed to a sliver of broken ice lodged in a fissure in the ice, sticking straight up. “I left that there, as a marker. Turn here, quickly now, for they're close, I know it.”
Reluctantly Angus steered the boat between two large ice floes. Archie knew the folly of the mission, and his own tender heartedness which had made him agree to it, touched him sorely. In a matter of minutes, when darkness fell and there was no hope to return to shore, it could be the end for all of them.
“There!” Archie's voice was jubilant. “I see it--stuck in there. The boat!” He raised his voice. “Allan! Allan MacDougall and Douglas MacPherson! Rouse yourselves, I've come back.”
The eerie silence which greeted his call chilled him far more than the icy wind. He could see no movement in the boat. “They couldn't have gone.”
“Archie...” Angus' voice was filled with gruff compassion. “It's likely they've...”
“No! Draw closer.”
“I can't, lad. Any closer and we'll be stuck as well.”
Archie stood up. “Then I'll walk.” With fearless determination he leapt from the boat and began yet another nimble dance across the ice. He reached MacPherson's ice boat in a few minutes. “They're here,” he called hoarsely. “I don't ken whether...” He reached down to shake his brother's shoulder. “Allan, wake up! Wake up, man! It's me, Archie!”
Allan felt as if he were being roused from a deep and pleasant sleep. He'd been warm, and happy, and now the cold and dark fell on him like a thunder clap. He couldn’t feel his hands or feet. He couldn’t feel his face.
He gazed up at Archie's anxious eyes, and managed to smile. The effort caused him a searing pain across his cheeks, and made him feel as if his face would crack in half. 
“You came back.”
“I told you I would. Let me rouse Douglas. There's a boat there. You'll have to walk across the ice. Do you need help?”
Allan shook his head, then realized he could not command his limbs to move. They felt leaden, dead weights that did not belong to him.
Another man put one arm around his shoulder, the other guiding him in a stumbling climb towards the rescue boat.
“Not long now... we’ll have you inside and warm, by God, I swear it.” Angus’ voice was rough with emotion. A frostbitten man was a terrible thing to see. 
Archie scrambled across the boat to shake Douglas. “He's not waking up.” His voice was hoarse. “He's as cold as ice.”
Allan turned to see Douglas' white face, flecked with frost, and repressed a shudder. Angus deposited him in the iceboat, then returned.
“Let's lift him in the boat. Between us we can manage it. He must have a bad case of frostbite.”
But a single glance between the men confirmed their fears that it was much worse than that.
Somehow they managed to carry Douglas across the ice to the other boat. Angus glanced at the unconscious man and shook his head grimly. “For pity's sake, let's move, and quickly,” he said in a low voice. “Or we'll all end as him, or worse.”
The next few hours passed in tense, miserable silence. It was easier to return to Pictou rather than back to the island, so they headed for the distant shore, the wind cutting, the last of the sun’s murky rays disappearing behind a dense stand of evergreen.
Allan and Archie sat in the stern, Douglas cradled between them while Angus paddled. The pleasant numbness Allan felt was fast turning into terrible sensation, and both his feet and hands burned like fire. He gritted his teeth against the pain, his arms around the unconscious Douglas. 
Darkness fell and Archie held a lantern to light the way. The lantern was but a pinprick of light in the vast darkness, and it was a painstaking process to paddle by it.
Finally, with great relief, they reached the shore. Angus jumped out, and Archie and Allan carried Douglas between them.
“He needs help, and quickly,” Angus said. “Take him to the inn, it's the warmest place. I'll fetch the doctor.”
Allan had never been so glad to see a fire, or friendly faces, before in his life. In a matter of minutes Douglas was laid out, and the doctor was summoned.
Archie's face was white with tension as he watched the doctor examine Douglas MacPherson's lifeless body. The innkeeper brought hot water and towels to warm Douglas' frozen flesh. The hours crept by slowly, as the doctor worked diligently to restore life to Douglas' limbs.
Finally, he turned to Allan and Archie. “He'll live... just. But he's going to lose his toes, if not his feet.”
Archie blanched. For a man to lose his feet in this country was a fate close to death. He would live life as a cripple, with no way to support himself.
“Thanks be,” Allan said in a low voice. “I feared the worst.”
The doctor turned a critical eye on Allan. “You suffered as well. God willing you won’t lose any toes, but let’s have a look at you.”
“I’m fine,” Allan said, but Archie pushed him forward.
“Don’t be a fool. You were out there as long as Douglas. It’s a miracle you’ll still standing.”
Reluctantly Allan let the doctor lead him away, and gritted his teeth against the pain as he took off his boots and cut away his socks.
“Can you feel this?” The doctor asked, and Allan stared at him blankly. The man’s expression tightened. “You’ll as like lose your little toe. It’s frozen through, which is why you can’t feel it.”
Allan swallowed. One toe. It wasn’t ten.
“I’ll come back in the morning.”
Allan nodded, and lifted his gaze from the doctor’s bent head to meet Archie’s anguished eyes. Then he looked away.
Later, numbed with several tumblers’ full of whiskey and a large bowl of venison stew, Allan stretched out his throbbing and bandaged feet towards the fire. 
Angus Pheeley had agreed to have them stay in his small cabin, as it wouldn’t be wise to attempt another crossing for a week at least.
“Mother and Father will think we've died,” Allan said in a low voice. 
“I know it's my fault,” Archie replied flatly. “You don't need to tell me.”
“I wasn't,” Allan said quietly. “I just...”
“No, don't.” Archie's voice was almost savage. “Mother and Father giving us up for lost is the least of it, since we're safe as it is. Douglas' losing his feet...” Archie shook his head. “What kind of life can there be for him now?”
“It might not be that bad. Perhaps he'll only lose a few toes. There's many a man, and woman as well, who've lost as much if not more.” He thought of his own likely loss and said nothing more.
Archie shook his head. “By God, I won't risk anyone's life but my own again,” he said in a low voice. “It was foolishness, stupid foolishness, all of it!” He stood up and strode away from the fire, tension in every taut line of his body. “I’m finished with all that. I'll be my own man, and that's all.”
Allan was silent. He was grateful that this experience had awakened Archie to his own foolish whims, yet he also felt a pang of unease. He'd wanted to be his own man for a long time now, yet it had been denied him. Looking at Archie's fierce expression, he'd a sudden apprehension that his brother would not be denied so easily.



Harriet gazed out at the steady rain with a sinking heart. If it kept on like this, she'd be soaked to the bone before she made it down the drive. The long walk home from Lanymoor House was a bleak prospect indeed.
“You can't go out in that.” 
Harriet turned in surprise at the sight of Andrew Reid. Although she'd joined him and Caroline for tea occasionally, she'd declined today as Caroline had gone off with her nurse. “I can't stay here,” she replied, trying to sound light and failing.
Andrew smiled. “Let me take you in my carriage. It's the least I can do. I'm ashamed to admit I haven't thought of it earlier--you've been walking home all winter, haven't you?”
“Of course I have,” Harriet replied. The Campbells were hardly wealthy enough to afford a carriage for Harriet's personal use, and especially not with the current state of their financial affairs.
“Then surely it's my duty to escort you home.”
Harriet wanted to wave aside such gallantry. She was perfectly capable of walking, she'd been doing so for months. Yet the prospect of getting soaked, especially when she already felt weary and worn down, was hardly desirable.
“What's this about duty?” Riddell strode into the room, smiling. “What are you spouting off about, Andrew?”
“I was offering to escort Miss Campbell home in the carriage, sir.”
“An excellent idea, and one I should've thought of sooner.” Riddell turned to smile at Harriet. “The pianoforte lessons seem to be progressing excellently, according to my nephew's reports. And Caroline speaks highly of you, which is an achievement in any case.”
“Thank you, sir.” Harriet bobbed her head, hating herself for sounding servile.
“Very well.” James nodded in apparent dismissal. “Andrew, why don't you alert the groom? No doubt Miss Campbell wishes to return home.”
Andrew excused himself to do so, and Harriet found herself alone with Sir James. He smiled at her with seeming benevolence, and Harriet forced herself to meet his gaze. She wouldn't be cowed.
“You've given us all a great boon, you know,” he said after moment. “I've no illusions about Caroline's behavior. She is utterly impossible, a complete termagant, and yet I can't help but pet and spoil her.” He smiled ruefully. “The weakness of an old man, perhaps. Under your tutelage, however, she seems to have blossomed. She even--occasionally--obeys! A miracle.”
Harriet smiled in spite of herself. For the first time, Riddell seemed human, even approachable. She wondered if she'd been imagining the threat he presented to her and her family. In this pleasant drawing room, the rain drumming outside, it certainly seemed like a flight of fancy.
“There's the carriage. Let me get your cloak, Miss Campbell, and you can be away.”
Murmuring her thanks, Harriet followed him out of the drawing room.
The carriage was comfortable and sheltered from the rain and wind, and with the groom accompanying them, Harriet knew it was perfectly respectable. Yet she still felt a twinge of unease when she saw Andrew glance at her with a teasing grin that seemed too familiar... and knowing. 
“Don't scowl at me,” he told her with a little laugh. “You're worse than Caroline's old nursemaid. I haven't done anything wrong, have I?”
“I wasn't scowling!” Harriet glanced away. “At least, I didn't mean to.”
“I know you disapprove of me,” Andrew continued in good humor. “You needn't bother to hide it, although I suppose that would make things more pleasant for us.”
“Why should I disapprove of you?” Harriet countered. “I barely know you, and you mean nothing to me.”
“A direct hit.” Andrew held one hand to his chest, pretending to be wounded. “I'd hoped, in the course of our brief acquaintance, we might've struck up a friendship of sorts.” Harriet flushed. She hadn't meant to sound rude. Andrew glanced at her, eyebrows lifted. “Do you think that's possible?”
“I think, in the current circumstances, that would be quite impossible,” she replied quietly.
Andrew glanced at her thoughtfully. “Is it because of my uncle? I know you dislike him, and I can't say I blame you. He's a wily old de--fellow.” He shook his head. “But he hasn't done any real harm, has he?”
“I suppose it depends upon whom you ask. The farmers whose land he cleared for sheep wouldn't say so.”
“Assuredly,” Andrew agreed. “But that's no more than what any laird has done, or has to do, and I know Uncle James has done a great deal less than some.”
Harriet paused. How could she explain her uneasiness when it came to the Riddells? Despite Sir James's overture of friendliness, she still didn't trust him... or his nephew. He’d stolen her letter, and that was not easily forgotten. She did not wish to divulge this to Andrew, however, and so instead she replied, “In normal circumstances, we wouldn't even be acquaintances. Surely you see that? It would hardly be seemly therefore for us to strike up a friendship.”
“What, with me the penniless relation?” Andrew’s voice was teasing, but his expression was sober. “I hardly think there could be anything inappropriate about it. However, I shall acquiesce to my lady's wishes... for the moment.”
 The rest of the trip passed mostly in silence, until they came to Craignuire.
“You may leave me here,” Harriet instructed. She'd no desire for her family to see her in the Riddells' carriage. “Many thanks, Mr. Reid.”
I'm obliged for your company.” Andrew gave a slight bow. “And I hope you may oblige me in such a way again.”
Not used to such bantering, Harriet simple bobbed her head and hurried from the carriage, helped by Andrew. She waited till the carriage had rounded the bend in the road before turning for home.
 The rain had slowed to a drizzle as she made for Achlic Farm. The road was empty of horse or human, and she was surprised when a voice called from behind. “Harriet Campbell! It's not fit for anyone to be out in this weather, but I'm coming to call on Achlic.”
Harriet turned to see Jane MacCready hurrying towards her with a covered basket. “I should've come sooner, what with your father taken ill,” she said by way of apology, “but some folk like to be left alone.”
“Father does,” Harriet admitted with a wry smile. “He's not the most willing patient.”
“I should imagine not.” Mistress MacCready smiled. “You'll remember I nursed my own father for some years, so I know what it's like.”
Harriet nodded. She remembered that Jane had lost her suitor, and her own chance of happiness, because of her duty to her father. With a chill, she wondered yet again if the same fate would befall her.
As if reading her thoughts, Jane lay a hand on her arm. “I know it's not easy,” she said softly, “and as I'm an old woman now with few duties, I'd be happy to help.”
“Thank you kindly, Mistress MacCready, but...”
“Don't waste your youth, my girl,” Jane said quietly. “Not in a sickroom.”
The look in the older woman's eyes was one of compassion, and Harriet found herself suddenly blinking back tears. “Thank you,” she whispered. “Thank you kindly.”

CHAPTER EIGHT

By midsummer the MacDougalls had finished their cabin and planted their first crop of barley, wheat and potatoes. As Sandy stood on the wide front porch, surveying his small kingdom, he felt a deep glow of satisfaction marred only by a slight sense of unease. He'd built this all, he and his sons, with no help and he was proud of that fact.
Now that Betty had her own home, she seemed to blossom and flourish, and the restlessness which had dogged both Allan and Archie had, to Sandy's eye, abated somewhat with the vigorous work in the fields. They were finally all their own men, Sandy thought, and for that he was deeply thankful.
Any unease he felt was on account of his neighbors. The community along Flatte River was Scots, and close knit. Most of the immigrants came from the western Highlands, and could, albeit distantly, be called Sandy's kinsmen. Yet he felt little kinship with them at the moment.
At first, they'd seemed to welcome him unreservedly, and the Dunmores had shown unfailing hospitality. Yet in the last few months, since the MacDougalls had removed to their own property, Sandy had seen looks bordering on suspicion, if not hostility. He wondered at it, and if not for Betty he would've dismissed it as imagination.
The subject had come up between them a few weeks ago, when he'd heard about a meeting of menfolk in the community. Every few months there was a meeting to discuss community affairs, and although Sandy knew little about it he intended to go.
“Should be a grand time,” he'd told Betty one evening. “Afterwards there's to be food, as well as music and dancing.”
“I'm looking forward to it,” Betty replied. The long winter months, cooped up indoors for days on end, had been hard on everyone.
“I imagine they'll appreciate a man of experience at these meetings,” Sandy continued. “Some of these families were little more than crofters in the old country. It's time there was someone who could be a leader to them all.”
Betty's eyes widened. “It's true you've the experience,” she said cautiously, “but is that what these men need?”
“Of course it is. They surely know I've the largest landholding along the river. It's only natural that I'd be a leader among them. After all, I was tacksman.”
“There are no tacksmen here,” Betty said quietly, but Sandy shrugged her words aside. Men needed leaders. It was as simple as that.
The community meeting was that evening, and the unease Sandy felt now was a twinge of fear that Betty was right. He was not imagining the hostile looks from his neighbours, veiled as they were. Were they jealous of his property, he wondered, or suspicious of his motives? He didn't know, but he intended for it to be straightened out that evening.
“It only shows they need someone to lead them,” Sandy muttered to himself. Although he was still new to this country, he felt confident in his ability to direct men. It'd been a natural ability, and he felt sure that once the men of Flatt River saw that, they would bow to his leadership with relief and grace.
And he was honest enough to know that was what he wanted, to be a leader among men, for others to look to him for guidance.
He’d been Riddell’s yes-man for too long, taking orders with a bowed head and murmured thanks. He wouldn’t do that again. He’d come to the new world for a different sort of life, and he intended to grasp it with both hands.
Besides, he argued silently, he was good at leading. He led his family, and back home the crofters and servants had taken his instruction with apparent good grace.
There was no shame in admitting it.
The community meeting was held at a neighbouring farm. The barn had been cleared and rough wooden benches had been pulled up for the men who gathered. Sandy strode in confidently, flanked by Allan and Archie. He smiled and nodded at his neighbours, and if some of the greetings in reply seemed guarded, he brushed it aside.
Robert MacPherson, Douglas' father, called the meeting to order and the men assembled themselves. The talk was mostly of crops and farming, and whether each family in the community was provided for. There was also talk of the road to Charlottetown, which was little more than a rutted track, and needed improvement. A wolf had been seen near the Campbells' farm, and some of their chickens taken. 
Allan listened, interested in the way each man had his say, and everyone heard him out. There was a sense of equality and warmth which he had not encountered before. But then, he realized, had he truly been anyone's equal, the tackman's son in his draughty castle? And now, separated from others through the winter, taking orders from his father?
He craved this, the community and discussion, each man’s voice heard, like a plant craved the sun. He needed it.  
Sandy did not speak throughout the meeting. He preferred to listen, and take the measure of each man present. Afterwards, he approached Robert MacPherson with a genial smile. “It's a fine group of men here,” he said with a nod. 
Robert nodded back, his eyes wary. He still remembered Archie’s winter escapade, and did not thank the MacDougalls for it. Douglas had lost all of his toes on one foot, and three on the other. He needed crutches, and was of little use on the farm. Those who knew what happened blamed Archie.
“I've been thinking,” Sandy continued, “this community needs a leader. You've organized yourselves well, of course, but there's nothing like a man in charge to give people comfort, is there?”
“Comfort?” Robert's bark of laughter was devoid of humor. “That's not the kind of comfort we came here to seek.”
Undeterred, Sandy continued. “You've heard I was tacksman of Ardnamurchan. I know what it is to lead men, to give them their due and their say. In Scotland I obliged my uncle by marriage, Sir James Riddell, but here I'd do it for my fellow men.”
Robert's face twisted in half grimace, half smile. “Riddell? I've heard of that scoundrel. I wouldn't think a relation to him is something to be proud of.”
Sandy flushed. “He's my wife's kin, and while I've no ties to him, it was my duty.”
“Then you'll be relieved to know you're free of such duty here. We don't need another tacksman, not in this country.”
“Of course not.” Sandy shrugged impatiently. “A leader, though, someone to organize.”
“I was warned you might do this.” Robert shook his head. “I thought you had more sense, man, but I can see you're still full of foolish, old world pride. Well, it won't carry here, I can tell you. We're all our own men, and we make our own decisions. Any say or due we have we give ourselves. So you'd best remember that, tacksman, and realize no matter how grand your cabin or great your farm, it doesn't hold with us. Here we help each other, and we see eye to eye. We don't call anyone laird, and we never will.”
Sandy held himself stiffly. “You've misunderstood me.”
“Have I? I don't think so.” Robert glared at him. “If you want authority, then lead your sons! It’s Archie’s foolishness that lost my Douglas the use of his feet.”
Sandy jutted his chin. “You’d blame my son for what your own agreed to do? It was foolishness, no doubt, but they were compatriots in it, I know.”
“See it as you like. Just know we don’t all think as you do... about many things.” Robert paused, and his expression softened slightly. ”Take some advice, Sandy.” 
Sandy drew himself up. “And what would that be?”
“This is a harsh country, and you're new to it. You might think you know all you need to now, but I can tell you surely you don't. And if you want help when the time comes you need it, you'd better start seeing yourself as humble--or as grand--as Angus McDermott there, who had a peat and turf croft on Skye. Here, we're all the same, and the island knows no different.”
Sandy was silent, his expression stony. After a long, tense moment he inclined his head and walked away.
Sandy was quiet throughout the dancing, although everyone caroused merrily around him. Allan and Archie took their turns dancing with the few eligible girls, and enjoyed themselves thoroughly.
“That Elizabeth Campbell is a pretty lass,” Archie remarked as they stood to one side of the swept-dirt dance floor. “I don't suppose she'd turn your head, though. Still pining for a different Campbell, I can see.”
“I love her and plan to marry her, if that's what you mean.”
“Oh, Allan!” Archie laughed. “Always so serious. Have you heard from her, then? A ship docked at Pictou last week.”
“I've had one letter,” Allan said. After such a long silence, the letter from Harriet had been incredibly dear. Apparently his own missives had been lost, and so she hadn't written. 
The admission, cased in affectionate terms as it was, still shook him. Did she suspect him of being untrue? If she thought he could forget after a few months only, how would their love fare through the years it would take before he could return? 
“Father's had a set down,” Archie said after a moment. “Serves him right.”
“What?” Allan glanced at Archie in surprise.
“Didn't you hear? He spoke to Robert MacPherson about being some sort of leader among the men. He's still stuck in his old world ways, and he doesn't even realize. No one wants a tacksman here! If he's not careful, we'll all be tarred with that brush.”
“Surely not...” Allan glanced at his father, sitting apart, a stony expression on his face. “Father will see reason, in time.”
“How much time?” Archie shrugged. “Ah, well, it won't matter much to me.”
“Why not?” Allan stared at the insouciant grin on his brother's face and felt that old chill of foreboding.
“Never you mind, brother. Let us just say I have some plans of my own.”

“How bad is it, then?”
Ted Carmichael shook his head in sad regret. “It's bad, miss. I'm terribly sorry.”
“It's not your fault, Ted.” Harriet leaned back in her chair, suddenly unbearably weary. Outside the willow trees were in full foliage, and the world looked happy and at peace with itself. Inside the Campbell home, Harriet thought, there was nothing but turmoil.
Ian sat next to her, his face grim. As the self-proclaimed man of the family, Harriet knew he wanted to be involved, to do something to help. She appreciated the gesture, but knew it for all it was... a gesture. What could any of them do when the debt that engulfed them deepened with each passing day?
“You'll have to sell,” Ted continued. 
Harriet straightened, her eyes wide. “Not... not everything, surely?”
“Oh no, miss.” Ted patted her arm reassuringly. “It surely isn't as bad as that, and never will be.”
“God willing,” Harriet murmured. Nothing seemed certain at the moment.
“There are about twenty acres of pasture that you could do without, if you had to. Of course, it would be better to keep the farm all together...”
“But it's past that, isn't it?” Harriet shook her head. “No, we must do what is necessary to keep the house and livestock, at any rate. If we can keep our souls together for a bit longer...” She sighed and rose from the table. “I'll speak to Father.”
Harriet's heart beat faster in trepidation as she mounted the stairs to David Campbell's sick room. He had been bedridden for nine months, and there seemed little chance now of him regaining his full health. 
Although he was able to walk for short stretches of time, he tired easily. Worse, Harriet knew, his spirit had been broken with the latest crop failure and round of debt. 
He was not an easy patient in any case, vacillating between bouts of rage and silent despondency. Harriet took it all in stoic meekness, for she still blamed herself at least partly for his collapse. 
She knocked on the door. “Father, may I come in?”
“Very well.”
Harriet entered the room and sat by his bed. “Can I get you something to drink? There's tea brewed.” She reached to adjust the pillow behind his head but David flinched away. 
“Don't mollycoddle me. I don't want anything.”
“As you wish, Father.” Harriet sat back and took a deep breath. “I've just been speaking to Ted Carmichael. He suggested that we sell the back pasture. Twenty acres of it. The money from the sale should tide us over till next harvest, and God willing, we'll have a crop then to make good our debts.”
“One year's good harvest won't do it,” David said bleakly. “It'll take more than five.”
“It's a start,” Harriet replied steadily. “And Ted thinks the creditors will wait a bit longer if we can give them something for now. After all, it isn't as if we're the only ones who have had a bad year. It's been bad for everyone.”
David shook his head. “They'll be patient as long as it suits them, and not a moment longer.”
Harriet stifled a pang of irritation. Her father's bleak outlook didn't help anyone, not when she was doing all she could to save their livelihood. “I don't know what else to do, Father,” she said quietly.
David was silent, his face averted. Harriet could hear the skylarks twittering outside in the lilac bush, and the rasp of her father's labored breathing. “There's naught else to do,” he said at last. “I only pray it is enough.” He turned to face her, the lines of his face harsh with regret and pain. “You should go with Ted to our man in Fort William. He'll know how to go about it. Women shouldn't...” He frowned and began to cough. Harriet waited. She didn't particularly welcome another speech about the limitations of her sex, but she'd learned to mask her emotions when dealing with her father.
“Never mind,” he said when the coughing had stopped. Then, to her complete surprise, he laid his hand on top of hers. “You're a good lass, Harriet.”
She felt a ripple of shock from the simple contact, the sad smile on his father’s face. “Thank you, Father.”
“If I pained you in refusing Allan’s suit, it was for your own good. You wouldn’t be happy there, Harriet. I know it. You’re just like your mam that way.”
“I intend to sail for Scotia when Allan returns,” she said quietly. “You know that.”
“Aye, but then he’ll have his own stead, out from under his father’s thumb.” David managed a small smile. “If he didn’t have the determination to do it before, I surely gave it to him by refusing.”
Harriet didn’t want to argue. She’d spent all her rage already, wasted tears and time wishing for what had not come to pass. At least she knew now her father had meant what he’d done for good, not ill. It was small comfort, but it was something. She patted his hand.
“Thank you, Father.”
Later that evening, when Eleanor was in bed and all was quiet, Harriet retreated to the front parlor, and the pianoforte. She ran her hands lightly over the keys and let the rippling sound soothe her. For a few moments only, in the quiet comfort of this room, she could forget the worries that lay heavily on her and lose herself in the world of music.
“Harriet?”
She stopped playing and turned to face Ian who stood in the doorway, a mixture of timidity and determination on his young face. “Is something troubling you, Ian?”
“No. Yes. That is...” Ian came into the room and closed the door. “I want to go to Fort William.”
Harriet stared at him blankly. “What for?”
“To talk to our solicitor, of course,” Ian replied, his young voice rising. “I'm the man of the family now, it's my duty to take care of you girls. You know it is.”
Harriet pursed her lips. At fifteen, Ian did very little taking care of anything. When he wasn't at his studies, he was often off with Rupert, on his own lark or pursuit of pleasure. She didn't begrudge him his fleeting youth, yet his sense of duty was more of a burden than a help. “Ian, you may come with Ted and me...”
“No!” Ian shook his head. “I want to go alone. This is a family responsibility, and Ted needn't be involved.”
“The Carmichaels are like family to us, especially since Father took ill,” Harriet reproved. “And I welcome his advice.”
“Please, Harriet.” Ian gave her his most beseeching look, as if he were a boy wheedling for sweets. “I need to do my share, Father expects me to. If I could tell him I'd managed it... by myself...”
Harriet found herself relenting in spite of her every intention otherwise. She knew Ian needed to be given responsibility in order to become a man. She’d learned that much in her dealings with her father, and the MacDougalls.
“Don't you trust me?”
“Of course I trust you.” That didn't stop the twinge of fear that a boy like Ian would not be able to do the thing properly. But then, Harriet reasoned, what was there to go wrong? The man of businee would take care of everything.
“Very well,” she said. “But you must listen to Ted, and do exactly as he says. He knows what he's about.”
“But I may go alone?”
Sighing, Harriet nodded. “You will have to bring written permission from Father, but yes, very well then.” 
Twilight was finally stealing upon the world when Harriet retired to her bedchamber. She stood by the window and braided her hair, watching as Margaret strode into the house.
“Going for another one of her midnight strolls,” Harriet said softly, smiling.
A few minutes later a knock sounded on her door. 
“May I come in?”
“Margaret, of course. I just saw you outside. Did you have a pleasant walk?”
“Yes, I suppose.”
Harriet could not mistake the grim look on Margaret's face. “What is it?”
“I saw you the other day, alighting from the Riddell carriage.”
Harriet stiffened. “Then you would've seen it was a downpour. Andrew Reid kindly offered to escort me home.”
“Andrew, is it?” Margaret nearly sneered. “I didn't realize you were on such friendly terms with the man.”
“He is your kin, isn't he?” Harriet strove to keep her tone mild. “And I'm not on friendly terms with him at all. Civil, perhaps, but that is all.”
“Distant kin,” Margaret flashed, “hardly at all. You know there's no love lost between the Riddells and us--Sir James nearly drove my father to the new world!”
“How so?”
“My father had to do Sir James’s dirty work, turning crofters out of their own homes.” Margaret shook her head. “I don't even know all of it, Father would never tell me. It was just what I heard as gossip.”
“You know I teach pianoforte at Lanymoor House,” Harriet said. “Why is this bothering you now?”
“You didn't have much choice about that, did you? I remember how it was. But carriage rides with Andrew Reid...!” Margaret stared at her earnestly. “Harriet, are you playing my brother false?”
“I should think not!” Harriet glared at her. “One carriage ride in the rain and it comes to this! For goodness' sake, Margaret...”
“You haven't written Allan though, have you?”
“I sent a letter with the first ship in the spring,” Harriet retorted.
“And several ships since then with not a word for any of my family!”
“And not a word back to me,” Harriet replied sharply. “Allan has only written the one letter, and there's been time enough for him to have received my own, and written back. But there's been nothing!”
“If one letter went astray,” Margaret objected, “perhaps there were others.”
“I don't think Sir James cares enough to keep the letters from me,” Harriet said after a moment. “He only took the one to show his power, I'm almost certain of it. He's like a cat, and everyone under him a wee mouse.” She shivered. “But never mind him. I'll wait for a letter from Allan, and then I'll write. If there's anyone you should think is playing false...”
“Allan would never!” Margaret cried. “If you knew him at all, you'd never doubt him. His word is his honor.”
“Margaret, please.” Harriet touched her hand. “Let's not fight like this. Surely there's enough going on without harsh words between us. I'll write Allan, I promise I will.”
“I don't want to quarrel.” Margaret sighed and shook her head. “But don't write Allan for my sake!”
“No, I will not,” Harriet agreed with an answering smile. “It will be for mine.”


“Well done, Caroline!” Harriet clapped her hands as the little girl finished a simple piece. “You've been practising, I see.”
Caroline, for once, did not have a stinging retort. Instead, she ducked her head and blushed prettily.
Harriet marvelled at the steps the little girl had taken, both in musical ability and manners. As it'd turned out, Caroline responded to vinegar rather than honey--Harriet had won her through plain speaking and a no-nonsense approach rather than any cloying overtures of friendship that rang false.
“I think we're finished for today.”
“Will you join us for tea, Miss Campbell?”
Harriet hesitated. Normally she would've accepted but Margaret's rebuke still rang in her ears. She didn't want to become too familiar with any of the Riddells.
“Very well.” For Caroline's sake, she would make the effort. As for Andrew... hopefully she'd put paid to any plans for friendship from that quarter.
They passed a pleasant half hour in the drawing room, with Caroline amusing both her and Andrew with her girlish antics.
“She loves a show,” Andrew said wryly.
“Perhaps it runs in the family,” Harriet returned, and was rewarded with a shout of laughter.
“I see you're all enjoying yourselves,” Sir James said as he entered the drawing room. “Excellent. And tea as well. I'll have a cup, if Miss Campbell will be so good as to pour.”
“Of course,” Harriet murmured.
Sir James took the cup and beamed at them all. His eyes were bright, his face flushed, and Harriet felt a strange stirring of unease. He looked almost too happy.
“You look as if you've had some good news, Uncle,” Andrew remarked mildly.
“Indeed, I have.” Riddell turned to Harriet. “I met your brother in town today, Miss Campbell. A fine lad. We did a bit of business together... I'm sure it will be to our mutual benefit.” His thin lips curled in a smile Harriet didn’t like at all.
“Business?” She swallowed her tea, and tasted the sharp tang of fear. Ian had left for Fort William this morning, to see their man of business--not Sir James Riddell. “What business might that be, pray?” she asked faintly.
“I assume you knew of the arrangements,” James replied. “Ian seemed to think so, at any rate. I've bought Achlic Farm.”
Harriet was sure she'd heard wrong. “You mean Ian sold the back pastures to you,” she corrected. “The twenty acres.” She'd no idea why Ian would've sold to the Riddells instead of through their man, but she couldn't argue that point now.
“No, my dear.” Riddells's voice was almost gentle even though his gaze remained narrowed and shrewd. “I've bought the whole farm. Everything.”
 

CHAPTER NINE

Harriet slammed the kitchen door of the farmhouse, not caring if dishes broke or her father woke up. Fury and fear stormed within her in a terrible gale.
Margaret looked up from the pastry she was mixing in alarm. “What on earth is wrong?” She rose from the kitchen table, one hand on Eleanor's shoulder.
“Eleanor, please go fetch some potatoes for dinner.” Harriet's voice shook, and she strove to control it. She'd had the long walk home to calm herself and think of a way out of this disaster, but it hadn't helped. 
Eleanor, her face pale, slipped quietly from the kitchen. Harriet hadn't fooled her sister, but Eleanor was too wise and kindhearted to make a fuss. 
“Harriet, what has happened?” Margaret stood in front of her, hands clasped.
“The worst thing.” Tears pricked Harriet's eyes and she blinked them back. “We've lost Achlic.”
“No! How?” Margaret's face was white with shock.
“It seems Ian...” Harriet swallowed, hardly able to believe what James Riddell had told her. “Ian sold the farm to Sir James Riddell, instead of through our man of business.”
Margaret blinked. “You mean the back pasture.”
“I wish I did! Riddell showed me the contract himself.” 
“I don't understand...” 
The door opened, and a merry voice filled the room. “I'm back... hello, Margaret. Harriet.” Ian smiled at them all, his eyes twinkling with excitement. “I've done as you said, Harriet, and I got an even better--”
“Done as I said?” Harriet cut across him, her voice sharp and cold. “If you'd done as I said, Ian Campbell, we'd have money in our pockets and a roof over our heads! Instead of... instead of...” She choked on a sob, and then forced it back. “What on earth possessed you to deal with Sir James himself, instead of through our man?”
“You know about that?” Ian looked surprised, but not particularly discomfited. “Today's your pianoforte lesson, isn't it? Well, then... yes, I did, but our man of business must be crooked, Harriet! The price he quoted was much less than what Riddell was willing to pay, and I thought...”
“Our man isn't crooked! If anyone is, it's that scoundrel Riddell. How could you trust him?”
“We did business together, Harriet. I sold him the back pasture, just as you instructed.”
“Wait.” Margaret held out a hand, staying Harriet's temper for a moment. “Something's amiss. Ian, tell us what happened exactly.”
Briefly Ian told them the story, how Riddell had met him in the street on the way to the offices, and asked him if he was selling Achlic Farm. When Ian explained he was only intending to sell the back pasture, Riddell expressed an interest and offered a price higher than the man of business would.
“But you didn't even know what the man would offer,” Harriet interjected.
“I know, and I told him that. He told me to meet him in the Lantern Inn after I met with Mr. Franklin, and we could discuss it then. I needn't make a decision either way, he said, till I'd thought about it...”
“Then why didn't you?” Harriet asked bitterly. “You should've discussed it with all of us, Ian, not gone haring off on your own!”
Ian flushed guiltily, although his chin lifted. “I think I'm capable of making decisions as the man of the family.”
Harriet bit back the insult she wanted to fling at him. “Don't you realize what you've done?” she asked despairingly.
“Riddell offered a higher price. He told me he was interested in acquiring more land on Mull, and so he was willing to pay for it. While I was meeting with Mr. Franklin, he'd had his own man draw a contract up. He told me I could have the money in my hand, right then, if I signed it... and look, Harriet, I do!” Ian fumbled with his pockets. “If we'd gone through Mr. Franklin, it would've taken ages... and the price was less! So what have I done wrong?” Ian gazed at them both, his face paling as realisation sunk in. “Something's happened. You look as if you've seen ghosts, the two of you. What is it?”
“Ian,” Harriet said quietly, “did you read the contract Riddell put before you?”
“I looked at it.” Ian shifted uncomfortably. “He told me what it said and... well, there were a lot of words! I was in a hurry and I wanted the money... why? What does it matter?”
The anger drained out of Harriet, leaving her limp and utterly hopeless. “The contract wasn't for the back pasture, Ian. It was for Achlic Farm... all of it. You sold everything to Riddell, including the roof over our heads.”

The sun shone brightly on the golden green fields and red soil of Prince Edward Island as Allan strode along. It was late summer, just turning to autumn, and the maples and birches which lined the road were tinged with red. The sun was warm on his head, but in the evening there would be a nip in the air, and in a few weeks there would be a frost.
It'd been almost a year since the MacDougalls had landed in Pictou, and six months since they'd finished their cabin and begun farming their own land. Since then they'd prospered, and their first harvest of wheat, potatoes, and barley looked to be a good one. Yet despite all this Allan was troubled.
Only yesterday evening the family had sat together on the porch, watching the sun set over the river. Everything should have been peaceful and perfect, and instead a pall of unhappiness hung over the MacDougall home.
Allan had tried to speak of it with his mother. “We didn't come to the new world for this, did we, Mother?” he asked softly, when Sandy had gone inside. 
Betty turned to him, her face troubled, her eyes clouded with disappointment. “I don't know what you mean, Allan. Surely we've everything we want here.”
Allan shook his head and reached out to gently clasp her hand. “You can't be that simple with me. I see the way you look... and Father. Why won't he involve himself in the community? He's shut himself out completely.” Ever since the meeting several months ago, Sandy had withdrawn from the Scots community. He gave a civil nod to someone in passing, and that was all. The rest of the Scots on the island were close knit, sharing each other's joys and sorrows. “We're pariahs,” Allan said aloud. “And it's our own fault.”
“You mustn't speak such!” Betty exclaimed in a low voice, but Allan saw the truth of it in her face.
“You must feel the worst of it, Mother.” Allan didn't know all that much of a woman's world, but he guessed that Betty missed the camaraderie and shared chores the other women enjoyed, the cycle of birth, marriage and death in which the other women supported each other.
Sandy's footsteps could be heard, and Betty shook her head, lips pressed firmly together. “Let's not speak of it,” she said quietly, and Allan acquiesced to her wishes.
Now, with the sun shining on his bare head, Allan wished he could throw off his cares. Yet his future looked as bleak as ever, even with their first good harvest about to be gathered. 
 His father’s isolation from the Scots community made his own burden much harder to bear, his father’s orders harder to take. There was no relief, no one to talk to, not even any slender threads of hope upon which he could cling.
He’d tried speaking to his father once, as they surveyed the field of potatoes seeming to stretch to a cloudless horizon. Sandy had been in a buoyant mood.
“It’s good work, this, isn’t it, lad?”
Allan shaded his eyes from the sun and watched as Archie strode to the shore of the river and sluiced himself with water. “Aye, it is.”
“Another harvest like this, and you’ll be sending back for Harriet. I thought the two of you could have the back bedroom. It’s more private.” Sandy winked, and Allan stared at his boots, the toes grimed in red dirt.
“I thought we’d build our own cabin,” he said after a moment. He’d thought of this at night, listening to the crickets chirp their happy chorus and watching the clouds shift across the moon. He knew he couldn’t leave his father, the ties that bound them together also held him with cords of duty and honor.
Still, there had to be a way to be his own man, a man of property and responsibility so he could return to Mull with his head held high.
“Your own cabin,” Sandy repeated, his voice dangerously neutral.
“You know Campbell wants a man of property for his daughter,” Allan said quietly. He could feel the thud of his own heart, and hated the way he had to present his ambitions to his father as if they were broken toys. “I thought perhaps when Harriet and I marry, I could take some of the acreage on the other side of the river. The farm is MacDougall land, of course, all of it, but it would be good to farm my own land.”
Sandy stared at the fields before them, his expression unreadable. “Well, we’ll see about that,” he finally said in a tone that told Allan the discussion was over.
Archie came over the knoll, his hair and shirt soaked, a broad grin on his face. There had been a new, relaxed ease to his brother that only put Allan more on his guard. What was Archie planning? For his own plans looked to crumble to dust once again. 
Now other troubles crowded in his mind as well. In the year since he'd left Scotland, he'd heard from Harriet only once. He'd written fifteen times, yet never a response. Only this morning he'd sent another letter to her. He thought now of the words which had poured from his heart: 
How can I express the consternation of my heart, or account for the long and cruel silence on your part? This is the fifteenth letter I have written you since, but I am afraid they never got your length, or you would not be so long in writing me. I know you too well to imagine you capable of any change or caprice towards me, and I hope you know me too well to expect any change on my side...
Had his words been foolish? Perhaps she had changed. Perhaps she'd found someone else. David Andrews had always had a fondness for Harriet. What if...
There was no point thinking such things. Allan had promised to be faithful, and he would. It was Harriet who was free, not him.
“Hello there, Allan MacDougall.”
Allan turned in surprise. A pretty girl with blond curls and laughing, hazel eyes stood behind him, smiling. Allan knew her slightly. She was Elizabeth Campbell, the daughter of their neighbour, and the girl Archie had once fancied.
“Good afternoon. A fine day, isn't it?” He spoke brusquely, and wished he'd moderated his tone.
Elizabeth's eyes seemed to laugh at him, as if she knew his thoughts. “It is, indeed. I'm going down to the river, to the raspberry patch by the bend. Are you going that way? Will you walk a ways with me?”
“If you like.”
They walked in silence for a moment, Elizabeth swinging her basket, Allan beside her feeling stiff and awkward.
“You're not like your father, are you?”
He started in surprise. “What do you mean?”
“There's talk about your family.” Elizabeth flushed. “He was tacksman back in Scotland, wasn't he?”
“Yes. What of it?”
“I'm sorry, I don't mean anything by it. Only...” she bit her lip. “He isn't friendly. I thought you were.” Her wry smile made Allan realize she was teasing him a bit, and he managed a smile.
“I'm sorry. I don't mean to be...” he shrugged. “Yes, Father was tacksman on Ardnamurchan. I don't think he's quite realized the same system doesn't work here.”
“It's like that for some. They come to the new world, but they cling to the old ways, in spite of themselves.”
“What about your family?”
Elizabeth's friendly eyes shadowed briefly. “We were thrown off our land. It was the clearances. We hadn't a penny, either. The tacksman took the laird's share and his own, as well. So you see why my father has no love for a tacksman.”
“My father was honest and fair,” Allan replied with some heat. “He shouldn't...”
“I know that. It's just the reminder, you see, of the injustice of it all.” Elizabeth smiled sadly. “It runs deep. That's why we--and many others--came here. To get away from the old ways.”
Allan sighed. Elizabeth was not telling him anything he hadn't already known or guessed. He only wished his father would see the sense of it, as well. “My father is slow to change his ways,” he said after a moment. “But he can change them.” Or so he hoped, for his own sake as much as anyone else’s.
Elizabeth smiled, the laughter back in her eyes. “Good.”
They'd almost reached the bend in the river, and Elizabeth turned to walk off the road to the raspberry patch. “You're not like your father, and you're not like your brother, either.”
“What do you mean?”
“He's always ready for a laugh, or some kind of mischief.” Elizabeth shrugged. “You're more serious. Steady.”
It was a comparison that had been made all his life. Allan merely nodded his head. 
“Goodbye, then.” Elizabeth walked off, and so quietly he might not have heard it, she said, “I like the serious ones.”

Ian was not at supper that night, but Harriet was too anxious over the loss of the farm to worry much.
“I suppose he's hiding,” she said with tired contempt as she and Margaret cleared the dishes. 
“You must feel sorry for him, Harriet,” Margaret said quietly. “He's only a boy.”
“He wanted to be a man.” Harriet sighed. “I'm too angry and afraid now to feel anything for Ian, Margaret. Perhaps that's low of me. It probably is.” She leaned against the pine table and closed her eyes briefly. “I feel as if I've been holding this family together for too long, and we're breaking apart into pieces. I can't clutch at them all. I can't carry them.”
“You don't need to. You're not alone, you know.”
“I know.” Harriet smiled briefly. “But you've your own family, and one day soon you'll be in the new world...”
“Perhaps.” Margaret turned away, busying with hanging a tea towel to dry. “Have you decided what you're going to do? Shall you tell your father?”
Harriet shook her head. “Not yet.” She dreaded that interview, whenever it came. “Tomorrow I'll see Mr. Franklin and show him the contract. There must be some way out of this.” It was the only hope she could cling to, and cling to it she did. The alternative was like staring into a great abyss, a despair and hopelessness she couldn't even begin to think of.
“I'm sure he’ll think of something,” Margaret said with more cheer than either of them felt. “After all, Ian's only fifteen. Surely his signature can't be binding, at that age.”
“I pray not.” Yet Harriet knew Ian had possessed a letter giving his father’s permission to sign a contract in his name. David had been pleased at his son’s interest, even if it was only to sell the land. Harriet couldn’t bear telling him the truth of the matter now.
By bedtime, Ian still hadn't returned. Uneasy now, Harriet searched the house and barns, expecting to find him hiding in one of the haylofts, ashamed. There wasn't a trace of him.
“Rupert, do you know where he's gone?” Margaret asked. 
A shadow of apprehension flitted across the young boy's face. “No...”
“You know something,” Margaret said definitively. “You spend all day with Ian. Come out with it, then. We must find him, Rupert, surely you can see that.”
“I don't know where he went.” Rupert's face was set in stubborn lines, a younger version of their father. “I saw him head down the road, towards Cragnuire. But I didn't ask him where he was going, and he didn't tell me.”
“Did he have anything with him?” Margaret asked. “A rucksack, or...” she glanced at Harriet. “Rupert, was he running away?”
Rupert looked down, unwilling to meet their gaze. “I don't know.”
Margaret and Harriet exchanged worried glances. “He's gone, then,” Harriet said heavily. “I was too hard on him. I know I was. I was just so angry!”
“Of course you were. You mustn't blame yourself.”
A loud knocking had them both flying to the front door. Harriet jerked back in surprise when she opened it.
“What are you doing here?”
“Not a terribly friendly greeting, but I've had worse.” Andrew Reid smiled ruefully. “May I come in? It's pouring out here, and I'm getting quite soaked.”
“This isn't Lanymoor, Mr. Reid,” Harriet told him coldly. “Is there any reason I should let you inside my house--it will be yours soon enough, thanks to your uncle!”
“That's why I've come,” Andrew said quietly. “I'd nothing to do with that, and I'm truly sorry for what my uncle did.”
“Let him come in, Harriet,” Margaret said. “He might know something useful, after all.”
Reluctantly Harriet stood aside, and let Andrew into the front parlor. He seemed too big and lanky for the small space, and he stooped slightly even though there was no need.
“Do you have something to say?” Harriet asked. There was no call to be gracious to this man. He'd have his due soon enough.
“Actually, I do. I didn't know anything about my uncle's plan until he announced it to you.”
“You must've known something,” Margaret protested. “How did Sir Riddell know the Campbells were even considering selling the land?”
“I've no idea,” Andrew replied calmly. “I've known Uncle James wanted to buy land on Mull, and if I'm honest, I'll tell you I knew he wanted your land in particular.”
“Why?” Harriet cried. “What does he have against us?”
Andrew shrugged. “You're the largest landholders on Mull, the last freehold farmers. If he took your land, it would send a message to all the landholders between here and Fort William. When he learned you were having financial difficulties...”
“You certainly did know something,” Harriet rejoined bitterly. “Who was it who told him all this?”
“This is an island, Miss Campbell,” Andrew said gently, “and a small one at that. How was he not to know?”
Although Harriet could see the sense of it, she refused to acknowledge the point, and looked away instead. “Why have you come?” she said after a long, tense moment, her voice low. “What does it matter if you knew or not, if I believe you or not? It doesn't change things.”
“I rather hope that it might. I'll help you try and get the farm back, Harriet... if there's anything within my power.”
The use of her first name caused a strange sensation, half pleasure, half pain, to ripple through her. Harriet lifted her chin. “And what would that be, Mr. Reid? I wasn't under the impression that you'd much influence with your uncle at all!”
Andrew flushed. “Perhaps not. If you don't want my help...”
“Stop being so proud, Harriet,” Margaret admonished. “You could use all the help you're offered, especially now, with Ian.”
“What has happened to Ian?”
“He's run away,” Harriet said bluntly. “Shamed by your uncle's trickery, and how he fell foul of it, a mere boy!” 
“Why don't you let me help you?” Andrew asked. “I have the carriage. We can look for him tonight. It's a foul night out. The sooner he's back in his bed, the better we'll all rest.”
“You included?” Harriet raised her eyebrows in mockery. “I didn't know you cared about my brother, Mr. Reid!”
“Pax, Miss Campbell,” Andrew said tiredly. “Please? For one night? So I can help.”
Grudgingly Harriet nodded. She felt, in a sudden rush, an immense weariness. Holding in this anger and bitterness took its toll. Perhaps for one evening she could let go of it.
The road to Cragnuire was thick with mud and the carriage ride was bumpy at best. They checked all the likely haunts: the inn, neighbours’ houses, even down to Tobermory and the waterfront, but there was no sign of him.
It occurred to Harriet as they sat close together, elbows jostling as Andrew handled the reins, how inappropriate it was that she was here, consorting with the enemy, and a bachelor at that. If anyone saw, her reputation would be maligned, but she'd little patience with that sort of nonsense. Ian had to be found.
“He's holed up somewhere for the night, no doubt,” Andrew said. “It's wretched out. Perhaps I should take you home. We can look again tomorrow.”
Harriet shivered. She didn't like the thought of Ian out in the lashing rain by himself.
“He's fifteen,” Andrew reminded her gently. “Man enough to run away, and man enough, I hope, to come back.”
“It'll serve him right, bearing an uncomfortable night,” Harriet said with a decided lack of conviction. “But if he's not back tomorrow, I shall have to tell Father... and everyone.”
“He'll come back tomorrow like a wet puppy, I'm sure. In the meantime, though, it doesn't solve your other problem.”
“I don't know what will solve that, except for your uncle's repentance.”
“I agree.” Andrew’s voice was dry. “However, I'm afraid that's hardly likely. Why don't you show the contract to your man of business? There may be a way out yet. I'll go with you, if you like.”
Harriet was about to retort that it would be hardly necessary, but the stinging words died on her lips. Andrew read her expression perfectly, and took her chin in his hand. Her skin tingled where he touched it.
“Harriet, I'm your friend. I want to be. Will you let me?”
Her mouth was dry and she wet her lips before whispering, “I don't know if I can trust you.”
“Let me prove it to you.”
With an alarming fluttering of her heart, Harriet realized he was going to kiss her. She jerked her chin from his grasp just in time. “Take me home, Mr. Reid, please. It's very late.”
Silently Andrew took the reins. Harriet leaned back against the seat and exhaled a shaky breath. She didn't know what frightened her more... that Andrew had been going to kiss her, or that a treacherous part of her had wanted him to.

“I have an announcement to make.” Sandy smiled at his family gathered around the supper table. Betty smiled back with a touch of worry clouding her eyes, and Archie leaned back in his chair, quietly confident. Allan stilled, his fork halfway to his mouth.
He glanced at Archie, and his brother averted his eyes. Allan laid down his fork.
“Archie is going into the army,” Sandy said proudly. “I've bought him a commission in the 30th regiment. He'll be a lieutenant to start with, and I'm sure he'll make us proud, won't you?” 
Archie, lounging his chair, nodded. Allan placed his hands carefully on the table. He looked hard at his father, who stared back with a bland determination.
“What about the farm?” Allan asked quietly. “Without Archie's help...”
“I can afford to hire a few men. The harvest is good this year, and there's been talk in Charlottetown of men who haven't their own land. They're willing to work, in exchange for board and a little pay.”
“I see. No different than what I do then, except they get paid.”
“Allan!” Betty’s voice came out in a low, desperate entreaty, and Allan stood up from the table.
Sandy stared at him, eyes narrowed. “This is about Archie now, Allan.”
Allan nodded, waiting until he could trust his voice to be pleasant. “I can’t quite see how Archie’s joining the Army fits in with our plans, Father. I thought we were all meant to work the farm and enjoy its success.”
“I think you and I can manage the farm, Allan,” Sandy replied firmly. “And Archie never had his heart in the land, did you, lad?”
“No, Father.”
Allan’s hands clenched into fists, and he dropped them into his lap. Looking at his father’s bland face, his mother’s troubled countenance, and worst of all, Archie’s smug understanding, touched with pity, was more than he could bear. His brother knew. His brother knew just how much this was costing everyone in the family.
“Allan,” Sandy said with quiet menace, “you haven't congratulated your brother.”
Bitterness welled up in him as he forced hips lips to curl into a smile. “Congratulations, Archie. You'll do splendidly in the Army. You always did know how to fight for what you wanted.” He stood up. He could take no more. “Excuse me.”
Blindly he made his way out to the barn. The air was cold, with a promise of frost, and in the gathering dusk he could see the beauty of the turning foliage, a blaze of gold and crimson.
Yet he was blind to it all, blind to everything but the rage building within him. 
The animals sensed his anger and there was a rustling and fidgeting from the stalls as Allan placed his palms flat against the barn wall, his head bowed. 
Why had Sandy seen fit to buy Archie a commission, a future of his own, while at every opportunity he reminded Allan of his duty to the farm? It wasn't fair. It was the cry of a little boy, unused to the ways of the world, yet Allan couldn't help but feel the injustice of it to the depths of his soul.
He let out a howl of rage, of frustration, and kicked at the dirt floor. He dropped his head into his hands, already defeated.
“Allan.” Betty stood silhouetted in the doorway of the barn, clutching her shawl. “Allan, cridhe, what is it?”
“Did you know about this?”
“About Archie's commission?” Betty shrugged, her eyes shadowed with worry and confusion. “I suppose I did. I knew Archie spoke to your father about going into the Army. He never was meant to be a farmer.”
“And what about me?”
Betty looked surprised. “Allan, you were born to it. You've always loved the land.”
“My own land,” Allan shot back. He took a deep breath and steadied himself. It was true, he'd always had an affinity for working the land, feeling the sun on his back and the wind on his face, growing and tending things with his own hands. “Why wasn't I consulted... if not about Archie's future, then my own?”
“I don't understand.” Betty moved closer to him. “Your dream has always been to farm. You've said it yourself. You wanted to come here as much as your father, for the land. It makes him proud, that you share this. Surely you don't want to go into the Army?”
“No, of course not.” Allan stared out into the night, the sky now indigo deepening to black, the first stars beginning to twinkle in that vast, empty space. “But surely you see how Father acts? I’m a lackey to him. He’s never once asked my opinion on any matter, from where to build to what we plant, to even what damned hoe we buy! I’m tired of it, Mother. I’m tired of being someone’s servant--slave--sweetened with empty promises. I can’t give Harriet this kind of life. I won’t.” The words poured out of him, years of bitterness and resentment now released to bruise and wound.
“A slave?” Betty repeated. “You see yourself as a slave?” She shook her head, one hand clutching her throat. “I was afraid you might be jealous of Archie, for it was dear to purchase a commission. But you can be sure your father will settle on you...”
“Money,” Allan dismissed with a shake of his head. “It’s not about money. It’s about respect. I’m twenty-six years old, and I should be my father’s equal, and treated as such.”
Betty was silent, and Allan could hear the rustling of the animals, the wind in the trees. Sounds he knew and loved, yet now they were felt like the bars of a prison.
Betty gathered her shawl around her shoulders. “What is it you truly want then, Allan?” she asked quietly.
Allan closed his eyes. Harriet. He would trade away all his dreams save one. She seemed further away than ever now, with no word from her and no hope of becoming established himself. He knew his mother wanted a practical answer. “A homestead of my own,” he said after a moment, “a place I can bring Harriet to, where we can raise our children, live our lives. I won't bring her back to my father's house, I've told her that. I’ve even told Father, much as he listens. It’s what her father wants, insists even. And I insist as well. She needs her own home, we need our own life.”
“You can’t have that here?”
“I asked Father if we could build across the river. The farm would still be MacDougall land, but he won’t give me even a longer leash! The back bedroom is good enough for us, and taking orders until he--”
“Dies?” Betty finished softly. “Don’t waste your years in bitterness, Allan. Your father at least should have taught you the folly of that.”
“Then what am I to do? I can’t stay here forever, not like this.”
“I thought you were happy.” Betty’s voice was tired and sad. Allan shook his head. He could not bring himself to lie, not now, when honesty was the only weapon he had.
“I’m sorry, Mother. I don’t mean to sound disloyal...”
“Disloyal?” Her eyes flew open. “With every word you’ve spoken, you’ve betrayed us and what we’ve striven to build! This farm--this land--the reason we moved to this forsaken country--do you think it was for us, Allan? For me? It was for you. You and Archie and the others, to have opportunity there never was or will be in Scotland!” Betty ran out of breath, and perhaps will, for her face was red with anger, her chest heaving.
Allan glanced down. “From here, all the opportunity seems to come only to Father.” 
Betty sank onto a bale of hay. She looked old and frail, and utterly bereft of hope. “I could speak to him, about a cabin. Across the river.”
Allan knew this cost her, and he crouched down to touch her arm. “I’ll fight my own battles. And I’ll stay. I’m not meaning to betray you or Father, or throw what you’ve worked hard to give us in your faces. I promise you that, Mother. It's... it's more about freedom. To do as I please, make my own way. I sound selfish, don't I?” He sighed, unable to explain his thoughts, the desires of his heart, more easily. “It's as the Bible says... a man shall leave his mother and father and cleave to his wife. I want that. I want to find my way.” Allan heard the vehemence in his voice, and wished he could moderate it. But he'd been feeling imprisoned for so long, he couldn't keep the emotion from rushing into his words.
“Were you going to tell your father this?” Betty asked after a moment.
Allan felt a flash of guilt. “I’ve tried... perhaps not so baldly, but Father hears what he wants to hear. And now that Archie's leaving here, it binds me all the more to this place.”
“And that's so repugnant to you?” Betty's voice was quiet and sad. “To live in the bosom of your family, and work the land with your own father?”
“If it was like that, then no. But this farm doesn’t feel mine, and sometimes I wonder if it truly is. If it ever will be. I wonder if Father will ever change. He’s a stubborn man.” Allan stood up, his expression grave. “I won't be my father's tacksman.”
“Many sons would consider it a privilege,” Betty replied sharply. She sighed, and passed a hand over her eyes. They sat in tense silence, each lost in their own desolate thoughts. Finally, with a shuddering breath, she spoke. “I see you have your father's strength of will, and his independent spirit. For all the pain and sorrow it causes us, I wouldn't have you or your father any differently.”
“I don't want to grieve you, Mother,” Allan said softly. “I know what my duty is, and I'll stay here for as long as I'm needed. I was angry now... I'm sorry. You all took me by surprise.” He put his arms around her, surprised by her frailty. Her bones were as light and thin as a bird's, yet he could still feel the strength in her, running through her center like a wire. “Forgive me for being an ungrateful son.”
“No, cridhe,” Betty lightly stroked his cheek. “Forgive me, for not understanding. No matter what our selfish desires, you must make your own way, wherever it takes you. Remember that.”
She slipped quietly from his side to return to the house. Allan sat in the darkness for a long time, surprised to find a new peace stealing upon him like the twilight. His mother's words gave him hope. Now might not be the time, but it would come. He would find it. 
He could almost picture his cabin, see the sunlight glinting on the water, Harriet by his side, a child in her arms. The land would be his, as well as his father’s. Someday he would be his own man. Someday, God willing, soon.

CHAPTER TEN

“I'm sorry, Miss Campbell, but I can't give you good news.”
Harriet's heart sank AS Mr. Franklin, put the contract on his desk and removed his spectacles. “What news can you give me, then?” she asked.
“The contract is binding. Sir James has a good man, a clever man at least, to do his legal work. If Ian had only read it before signing...” he shook his head in mournful regret.
It was the same thought Harriet had had constantly since the news yesterday, but it didn't help to hear it repeated by their man of business. “Surely there's some way,” she protested desperately. “Ian's only fifteen. How can a contract be binding when signed by a mere boy?”
 “Your father wrote a letter giving him legal right to sign in his name. If not for that, you might have a case. However...” Another shake of his head, and Harriet bit her lip in frustration. “Since your father gave him authority, Ian was acting within his powers.”
“So the contract can't be rendered invalid.” Harriet spoke mostly to herself. Her mind was racing, searching for answers. There seemed to be none.
“I'm afraid not. You may console yourself that at least you received a respectable sum for the property. I could arrange for you to rent a cottage in town, perhaps. With careful management and some enterprise, you could do reasonably well. Since your father's ill, perhaps the farm is a bit beyond him now, as it is?” Mr. Franklin raised his eyebrows in delicate query.
Harriet swallowed her anger. Live in town in a cramped cottage, counting pennies? They'd been one of the largest landholders on the island, reduced now to near penury! Her bitterness against the Riddells burned like a hot coal lodged inside her.
“Thank you for that suggestion.” She smiled tightly and began to gather her gloves and reticule.
“I know it isn't easy, Miss Campbell,” Mr. Franklin said gently. “In fact, it's a remarkable piece of ill fortune. But at least there's a bit of money...”
“Even after we pay our debts?” Harriet asked, acid in her tone. 
Mr. Franklin sighed. “Admittedly, there will be much less. But still, with careful management, you could survive. If you became a governess, perhaps, or did some needlework to help matters?” He shrugged. “Without the farm requiring your attention, I'm sure there's some useful labor both you and your brother could find.”
Harriet's gloves slipped from her fingers as she looked carefully at Mr. Franklin. There was a slight flush to his cheeks, a nervous look in his eyes. “Are you saying, Mr. Franklin, that we won't have enough money to live, unless Ian and I both go out to work?”
The flush heightened, and Harriet knew she was right. The pain of losing of Achlic was muted by this new problem. 
“Your debts were considerable.” Mr. Franklin's look now was one of unveiled pity. “As I said, there's enough to clear your debts and rent a modest dwelling. After that...” He shrugged, spreading his hands. “You will have to find some useful enterprise.”
Outside in the street, Harriet felt despair wash over her in sickening waves. It was all worse than she thought. Not only would they lose Achlic, but they'd be one step from destitution. And Ian was still nowhere to be found.
“Well?” Andrew appeared at her side, frowning. “By the expression on your face, it doesn't appear to be good news.”
“No, it doesn't.” She'd allowed Andrew to drive her into town, but drawn the line at his offer to accompany her to Franklin's office. The last thing she wanted was a member of the Riddell family hearing the whole sorry tale of her family's finances. “The contract is binding, and there's nothing we can do. The farm is yours.” She gave a brittle smile, suddenly on the verge of tears.
“Harriet, please. Don't make me the enemy.”
“You are the enemy! Who knows what you told your uncle, what he learned?”
“I told him nothing, and you know that,” Andrew said calmly. He helped her into the carriage, where she sat, trembling as the reality of what Mr. Franklin had said rushed over her once more. “If there was a way I could undo this, I would.” He paused, allowing her a moment to compose herself. “What will you do?”
“I don't know.” Her wave of tears had passed, and now she felt cold, lifeless. Her voice sounded distant, as if coming from outside of herself. “You must know as much of the town does that we've debts, plenty of them. The creditors will be crawling all over us once they hear what's happened. We've enough to pay them off now, but little else. I'll have to find work, and Ian as well.” Sudden fire flashed in her eyes. “You needn't worry about us. We'll manage!”
Andrew nodded, seeming to accept this. “And who will look after your father?”
Harriet thought briefly of Jane MacCready's offer. The older woman's suggestion had seemed sincere, yet it stung Harriet's pride to have to ask for help. Even worse was the thought of tying Eleanor to such a job at twelve years old. “We'll find something.”
They rode in silence almost all the way back to the farm, Andrew lost in thought, Harriet adrift in her own misery.
When they’d finally arrived back at Achlic, he pulled the carriage up short of the farm, and turned to her, a sudden, serious look on his face. “There is another way, Harriet, if you'll listen. A way for you to save the farm, and your father. But only...” he swallowed, color staining his cheeks. “Only if you wanted it, at least part of you... if you felt you could... perhaps one day...”
Harriet stared at him in confusion. “What are you saying?”
Andrew clasped her cold hand in his. “I'm asking you to marry me.”
Harriet stared at him in wordless shock. “Marry you?” she finally repeated, her voice little more than a whisper.
“I thought you might have realized I have feelings for you,” Andrew said quietly. “But I see now that I’ve surprised you.”
Harriet stared down at her hands, fists clenched, her gloves damp. “Yes, you’ve surprised me.”
Andrew took her hand in his. Even through her wrinkled glove she could feel the warm strength and gentle pressure of his own larger hand cradling hers. “Harriet, I love you. I love your strength and spirit, and your loyalty to your family... even if part of that is directed against me. I hold no love for my uncle. When you’re not raging against the Riddell family, I think you realize that.”
Harriet nodded. Although it was easy to blame Andrew along with his uncle, she knew the truth of his words. But love...?
“I think we could make a good life together. I don’t have prospects, you know that, but I think I could provide for you, with the farm...”
“Farm?” Harriet’s head jerked up, her eyes narrowing. “You mean Achlic Farm? You want it for yourself!”
“Why must you blacken my motives at every opportunity?” Andrew said tiredly, although he managed a wry smile. “No, not for myself. For us. For your father, and Ian and Eleanor. For you.”
“How could that be?”
“If we were married, I’m sure I could convince Uncle James to allow us to live at Achlic, and work the land. Your family could stay. I know he’s cold-hearted, but he’s not a complete scoundrel, despite what you might think. He wants the land, not to throw you to the wolves.”
“Aren’t they one and the same?” Harriet retorted bitterly. “He doesn’t seem to be bothered!”
“These are hard times.”
Harriet stared at Andrew in disbelief. “Are you defending him?”
“No, of course not. I’m only trying to show you there is more than one side to it.”
“Not as far as I’m concerned.” Harriet jerked her hand which had been laying limply, forgotten, in his. “So, let me see if I understand you correctly, sir,” she continued, her voice laced with angry sarcasm. “If I marry you, you’ll save my family from penury. And if I don’t, then we all might as well starve!”
Andrew’s face darkened with anger, and Harriet realized she’d never truly seen his temper. He was usually so genial and easygoing, yet for a moment she saw a glimpse of the hardness underneath, and knew he was more like his uncle than either one of them had realized. “If you’re accusing me of blackmail,” Andrew said in a low voice, “then I think that is despicable. I’ve told you I love you. Anything I do for you or Achlic is because of my love, not for personal gain.”
Harriet flushed and bit her lip. Still, she could not bring herself to apologize. “How can you expect me to think any differently? It’s your family that has tricked mine... I don’t want any more trickery!”
“Neither do I,” Andrew said coolly. “I only want you to marry me if you want to, Harriet. If you have feelings for me. I don’t expect you to love me, not yet, but if you felt you could one day...” He shrugged, and picked up the reins once more. “That would be something worth waiting for.”
“You know I’m betrothed to Allan,” Harriet said in a low voice. She was shocked to realize she’d not thought of Allan once since Andrew’s proposal... a realisation which shamed her.
“As I understood it, he asked you to wait, not to marry him.”
“I promised.”
Andrew looked as if he were about to say something, but then shrugged and looked away instead. “Whatever is between you and Allan MacDougall is your own concern, Harriet. You must decide for yourself. But remember he is far away, and building his own life there, away from you. Tell me, has he written you?”
For a moment Harriet wanted to slap him. She hated Andrew for knowing that Allan hadn’t written her save the one letter Riddell had taken. She hated him for voicing her innermost doubts and fears. “That, Mr. Reid,” she said in a voice needled with ice, “is not your concern.”
“What concerns you concerns me.”
“Only because you make it so!”
Andrew glanced at her, and for a moment Harriet saw tenderness and even love in his eyes before his expression cleared and became unreadable. “You might at least think about it,” he said. “While there’s time.”
How much time, Harriet wondered bleakly. According to the contract, they had to vacate Achlic Farm within the month. And then...? They could find lodgings in Tobermory, humble and temporary, or she could become Andrew Reid’s bride. It felt like blackmail, but in honesty Harriet knew that was no fault of Andrew’s. He didn’t control his uncle’s despicable actions, and the brief glimpse of love shining in his eyes had shaken her. Perhaps Andrew’s offer was one she couldn’t refuse.

Captain Henry Moore breathed in deeply, savoring the scent of salt on the wind, as well the familiar earthy tang of land. Not his home, as Massachusetts would always be that, but something now infinitely more dear. Scotland, the land of his ancestors, and also of Margaret MacDougall.
Would she be glad to see him?It was a thought which had occupied Henry’s mind for most of the spring and summer. When he’d left at the end of last winter, they hadn’t known each other well enough for him to extract promises he’d no right to expect Margaret to keep. Yet the thought of her snapping black eyes, her sense of humor and her passion for learning had sustained him through many a tempestuous sea journey.
He’d asked her to wait for him before he left, but the request and answering agreement had been nebulous, hardly the stuff a romance--a lifetime commitment--was built on. 
He wondered if there would be any letters waiting for him with his aunt. He hoped Margaret had written him. He’d written her several letters, and had posted them from his travels over the summer. He’d taken great delight in describing the sights and sounds of the many places he’d been, knowing she would enjoy the descriptions. Even the most trivial anecdote became inspiration for his missives, a way to share his life with her, and bind them together.
There was no way of knowing whether they’d reached her by now or not, until he saw her and asked her himself.
Now he was back in Tobermory, for three days only, before he began another voyage to the Americas. He wouldn’t be back in Scotland for a year, as he’d a lucrative offer to ship freight in the Caribbean during the winter. 
He was hoping fervently to see Margaret during his leave. But what would his reception be? Henry cherished hopes of love, commitment, even marriage. Would Margaret be willing to wait a year, based on their slender acquaintance? Did he dare ask her while on such a short leave?
He chuckled softly to himself, knowing was as lovesick as a schoolboy, yet still as determined as ever to woo and win his bride. Margaret would be his, no matter how long either one of them had to wait.
Henry went to his aunt’s house as soon as The Allegiance was in port. Unfortunately, the news was disappointing.
Helena was in Edinburgh visiting relatives, but her housekeeper told him the news.
“There haven’t been any letters, sir, that I ken of.”
Henry knew Helena would have made sure he received any noteworthy news. Forcing a smile, he thanked the woman and turned towards the public house. 
With his legs stretched towards the fire and a mug of ale in his hand, a large wedge of cottage pie before him, he considered what to do next. Dare he be so bold to pay a call on Margaret at this Achlic Farm? He couldn’t bear the thought of not seeing or hearing from her at all, yet he wondered if she would welcome a visit. Why had she not written? aret... if she wanted to see him. Why hadn’t she written?
“Excuse me, sir.” A young boy, tall and awkward looking, stood at the corner of his table.
Henry raised his eyebrows. “Yes?”
“Are you the captain of The Allegiance?” 
“I am.” 
“Have you space for a ship’s boy?” the boy asked. “I can do almost anything I put my mind to, and I wouldn’t be any trouble.”
“Is that so?” Henry looked the boy over. He had a shock of red hair and freckles, and although his clothes were worn they were of good quality. He looked to be from a good home, although he must’ve been living rough the last few days. “Why don’t you sit down and share my pie, and we’ll discuss it.”
The boy needed no second invitation. Henry called for another pie and ale. “How old are you, then?”
“Seventeen.”
Not likely, Henry thought wryly. More like fourteen, fifteen perhaps, certainly not more. “Seventeen’s a bit old for a ship’s boy,” he informed his companion mildly. “I’d be looking for a midshipman then, and I’m afraid you don’t have the experience.”
The boy’s face fell, and Henry had to keep himself from smiling at the transparency of his feelings. The serving maid came with the food, and Henry watched as the boy fell onto it, mumbling his thanks between mouthfuls.
“It looks as if you’ve not had a good meal in a time,” Henry remarked. “Tell me the truth, boy, how old are you now?”
Shamefaced, swallowing a large mouthful of pie, the boy mumbled, “Fifteen last winter.”
“I thought so.” Henry leaned back in his chair. “Life on a ship is hard work, you know. Ship boys get biscuit and salt beef twice a day, and you share a hammock with another boy. You’d be up at dawn, working till night, and even then you’d have to take your turn at the watch.”
“Aren’t you a merchant ship?” the boy asked uneasily.
“Yes, but I abide by the rules of the Navy. Helps to have order on a ship, and that’s a fact. Besides, there’s always the danger of pirates. The Atlantic isn’t an easy ocean to cross, even with the Wars over.”
“Really?” The boy looked decidedly uncomfortable now, and Henry wondered why he wanted to board a ship. Most ship’s boys were orphans, or working class children with few prospects on land. The gruelling labor, tough conditions and small pay were hardly incentives for a boy from this background.
He had to be a runaway. What had he done, Henry wondered, to want to flee so far and so fast? Was there a family frantic for him?
“I’m not afraid, sir,” he said now, lifting his chin. “I’d be an asset to you, I swear it.”
“An asset, hmm?” Educated, as well. “What of your parents?”
“Dead.” The boy’s face closed, his lips pressed tightly together.
“There must be someone looking out for you, wondering where you are.”
A shadow of vulnerability passed over the boy’s face, making him look like a child. Then his expression hardened, and Henry saw the man he might become. “No,” he said. “Not anymore.”
Henry leaned back in his chair, considering. Fifteen was certainly old enough for a boy to carve his own destiny. “Six shillings a month, to start.”
There was no mistake the disappointment that clouded the boy’s eyes but he nodded in determination. “Fair enough.”
“I run a tight ship,” Henry warned. “Any disobedience or laziness, and I’ll have you off at the next port, no matter where you are.” If he was trying to scare the boy, Henry knew he was succeeding, but it had yet to deflect him.
“All right. Yes, sir.”
Why was he going to take this scrap on? Henry shook his head in bemusement. He didn’t need another ship’s boy, and if the boy’s family were looking for him...
Something about the boy’s desperation spoke to him. He recognized someone with nowhere to turn... someone willing to fight.
“Report back to The Allegiance in two days’ time,” he said. “We sail for Massachusetts on the evening tide. What’s your name, boy?”
“Ian, sir. Ian... Douglas.”
The next day Henry rode towards Craignuire. He enjoyed the sun on his face, the rock-strewn fields and purple-tipped mountains of his ancestral land, even if he was used to the open spaces and raw newness of America. There was something ancient and even wise about this land, he mused, even if progress was coming to the Highlands as well. 
Work had recently started on a canal between Fort William and Inverness, which would speed travel for both passenger and commercial goods. One day, perhaps, there would be cities here, cities like Boston, New York, or Glasgow. Right now, however, Henry enjoyed the peaceful solitude of the countryside.
He rode to the inn at Craignuire, and then asked directions to Achlic Farm.
“She won’t be there much longer,” the innkeeper said with a shake of his head, his face red and shining. “Achlic Farm’s been sold, you know, to Riddell, and a fair bit of trickery it was.”
Henry glanced sharply at the man. “What of the MacDougalls? Will they be cast out?”
The innkeeper shrugged. “Who knows where the wind blows? Their father should be sending for them soon as it is. They’ll be in Canada next winter, or close enough.”
“Perhaps,” Henry acknowledged, and resolved all the more to speak frankly with Margaret when he found her. 
Achlic Farm was a pleasant dwelling, mellow in the afternoon sun, a few chickens scratching in the yard. An older woman with small eyes and a suspicious look answered his knock on the door.
“Miss MacDougall? She’s out at the moment, but what would you be wanting with her?” Her look was so grim and forbidding that Henry would’ve laughed if he didn’t feel crushed by more disappointment. 
“We have an acquaintance,” he said, “and I am only in the region for a short while. Will she be back soon?”
“Gone all the day to Fort William, hasn’t she,” the woman replied. “They’d business there. I suppose you know what’s happening to the farm?”
“I’ve heard.”
“No business of yours,” the woman snapped, “or mine neither, come to that. No business at all.”
Henry murmured something placatory. “May I leave a note for her, Mistress...?”
“MacCready. All right, then. I suppose I could give it to her.”
“Thank you,” Henry said, and when he’d been given ink and paper, began to write. He only hoped Margaret received his letter in time.
With a sigh he headed back to Tobermory, feeling as far from Margaret as he’d been while halfway across the world.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

“Doesn’t he look smart?”
Allan listened to the admiring whisper of one of the town girls and wondered at the crowd which had gathered for Archie’s send off. In his new, red wool tunic, white breeches and polished boots, he did indeed look smart. Ready, Allan thought dourly, to face his future. To make his future.
Archie had finally received his orders from the Army. Today he was to report to the barracks in Charlottetown, and from there he would receive further orders off island. 
The whole family had come to accompany him, and a small crowd had gathered to watch the soldiers parade into the garrison. 
Allan had not been to Charlottetown in many months, and now he looked around in curiosity. Although the town had been officially founded over fifty years ago, there was a spirit of youth and energy to it. 
The grand plans had been laid at the start, with Thomas Wright, a surveyor, allotting nearly three hundred building lots, as well as a central square and four large green squares. Yet most of that was still dreams, and the houses were mere wooden structures, some looking as if they wouldn’t stand the winter. 
Still, there was plenty of building going on. The Round Market House was being built for trade, and Allan had heard of plans for a grand governor’s mansion. The first island school was meant to start in Charlottetown this autumn. Charlottetown, he thought, had dreams... just like he did.
“Well, then.” Sandy looked at his younger son, his chest swelling with obvious pride. “I know you’ll do well for yourself, Archie, and well for the family. We’re pleased you’ve come this far.”
Archie shook his father’s hand and kissed his mother’s cheek. “There’s talk of our regiment marching to Three Rivers in a fortnight. I should have leave in April, though, and I’ll come back then, if the ice has broken up.”
“We’ll miss you at Christmas,” Betty said. “You must tell us all your news. Send letters if you can, on the mail packet from Pictou.”
“I promise.” Archie turned to bid farewell to Allan, and Allan saw the rare hesitation in his brother’s eyes. He could feel the hostility emanating from his own soul, and he was ashamed of his selfish feelings. “Go well, Archie,” he said gruffly.
Archie clapped a hand on his shoulder. “I’m sorry,” he said in a voice low enough that neither Sandy nor Betty could hear. Allan nodded. He couldn’t blame Archie for taking charge of his fate. If he were brave enough, Allan thought, he would do the same.
They stayed to watch the soldiers on parade, a motley crew of British nationals and Canadian loyalists, proud and flashing in their bright uniforms. When the soldiers had all filed into the garrison, the MacDougalls finally turned to head home.
Back at Mingarry Farm, Allan retired to the barn. He mucked out the cow pens and put new straw down, hoping the physical activity would relieve him of some of his restless energy.
It was nearing twilight, and he could hear the soft call of the whippoorwill, the tell tale sign of the coming of darkness. The air was cold with the promise of frost, early this year and a sure sign of a long, cold winter.
“Come inside.” Allan stiffened at the sound of his father’s voice. “It’s cold enough for a fire tonight.”
“Aye, so it is.” Allan continued laying down the straw. He knew he should turn to face his father, but he did not want Sandy to see the anger in his eyes.
“You’ve missed your supper,” Sandy said after a moment. He leaned against a bale of hay. “Your mother wanted you to come in, but I said it’d keep. The boy needs to be by himself, is what I said.”
Allan turned slowly to face Sandy. “You’re right, Father. But how would you be knowing that?”
“I know you,” Sandy said simply. “And I know myself. I may be stubborn, Allan, and stuck in my ways, but I’m honest and I’m not blind. I know it wasn’t easy watching Allan march off like that, a spring in his step and a smile on his face.”
“I’m glad for him,” Allan said. “He’ll do well in the Army. Our Archie was never cut out for the farming life, was he?”
“No, he wasn’t at that. And there’s more opportunity for him here in this new country, as well as for us. He wouldn’t get on with the old ways, but in this new Army he could go far. Not all regiments want to be shipped off to the cold North, you can be certain!”
“I’m glad for him,” Allan repeated, and turned back to the stalls.
“Allan.” Sandy put a heavy hand on his shoulder, and Allan stilled. “You were never meant for the Army. You and Archie are as different as can be. You know that.”
“I do. I never wanted a commission, Father. If you’re worried I’m jealous of Archie for that reason, you may rest easy.”
“There’s another reason, then.”
Allan sighed and lay down his pitchfork. “You’ve thought about what Archie wants. What he needs. Have you considered what I need?”
“This is that nonsense about the cabin,” Sandy said. “Wanting your own place, your own acreage even.”
“Is that such a sin?”
“Families stay together,” Sandy objected. “Always have. It’s safer, and there’s a loyalty. When I die, this farm will be yours, Allan.”
“And until then?”
Sandy stiffened. “What do you mean?”
Allan sighed. “This farm is yours, Father. I don’t feel I own one piece of it. I’m as much a hired man as the ones in town you’re thinking to bring on.”
Sandy’s mouth opened and closed, his face reddening. He struggled between temper and reason and finally choked out, “Allan, you’re my son.”
“Then let me have some say! Let me build my own place. You’re still tacksman here, Father, don’t you see it? And I’m the crofter.” Allan gazed at him in desperate appeal, and Sandy shrugged in dismissal.
“This is nonsense.” His voice was brusque. “I’m building up your inheritance, what more do you want? Are you going to whine like a spoiled bairn who doesn’t get its every whim?”
“These are not whims.” By sheer force of will Allan kept his voice steady. “And I am not a bairn, or even a boy.” 
“You seem to be acting like one.” Sandy’s voice became louder. “Shall I set you in the corner, or take a strap to you?”
“By God, you’ll do neither!” Allan’s chest heaved, and he realized he was shaking, as close to coming to blows with his own father as he had with any man. 
They stared at each other, fists raised, eyes wild and determined. Their breathing was a ragged sawing of the air.
Sandy dropped his hands first. “What has it come to, that we’re at odds like this?” His voice was small and as bewildered as a boy’s. “Allan, this farm, all of it, I’ve built it for you.”
Allan dropped his own fists. His heart was racing, and he felt slightly sick. “So you say.”
“You don’t believe me?”
He shrugged. “I believe your actions. They tell another story.”
Sandy narrowed his eyes. “And what story is that?”
“That you’re still tacksman, in your heart and mind. But there’s precious few willing to take your orders.”
“You can’t be your father’s lackey.”
“You can feel like it.”
Sandy sighed heavily. “What of Harriet?”
“What of her?” 
“Will you not send for her unless you have a cabin and land of your own? Is that how it is?”
“I don’t know how else it could be, with her father’s demands.”
“I never took it as that...” Sandy trailed off, rubbing a hand over his face. “You can build on the other side of the river,” he said at last. “I’ll help you find a good site. I can’t grant you your own fields, not yet. What with Archie leaving, I still need you by my side. But perhaps you can write her and tell her of these arrangements. Write her tonight, so the letter goes on the last ship before winter. She could be here in the spring, as your bride, in this new cabin of yours.”
Allan knew he should be savoring this victory, yet the taste of it was bitter in his mouth. He feared that even across the river, he would not be free from his father’s demands, his own sense of obligation. “All right,” he said quietly. “Thank you, Father.” 
“Perhaps I’ve been wrong,” Sandy said. He looked at Allan with a naked honesty. “I want you to stay. You’re my son. I need you here. Betty could use Harriet’s help, Lord knows. If it made a difference to you...”
“It does,” Allan replied. “It does.” Yet he wondered if it truly would. Could things between his father and himself ever truly change? Or was he grasping at frail straws? He might need to go farther than across the river to find what he was looking for.
“You’ll write Harriet?” Sandy pressed, and Allan nodded.
Yet what if she did not want to come? There had been no letters, except for the one, in over a year. Her feelings might have changed.
“Come spring, things will be different,” Sandy said with a tired smile. “We’ll all make sure of that.”
Allan prayed it would be true.

Margaret hurried along the seafront of Tobermory. A bitter, salty wind whipped her hair from its pins and her shawl tighter around her shoulders. It’d been three days since Ian had gone missing, and Harriet was frantic with worry. She still hadn’t told her father, hiding Ian’s absence as best as she could, yet knowing the inevitable was coming. David Campbell would have to be informed of the dire state of his household.
Margaret had offered to go to Tobermory to collect any letters from the MacDougalls’ shipping agent, as well as scour the docks for a sign of Ian. Winter was closing in and there would be no more ships from the Americas till spring, although travel might continue for emigrants to Australia. 
Margaret had another, hidden reason for visiting Tobermory’s harbor, one she dared not divulge yet to anyone at Achlic, despite Mistress MacCready’s crafty, knowing looks. She wanted to speak with Henry.
 It had been almost nine months since they’d parted, and her affections were still unclaimed. The note he’d left for her at Achlic had been prudently brief, stating only that he would be in port till tomorrow’s sailing. 
Margaret hoped she’d be able to find him... and find words to say. What were his expectations, she wondered. What were her own? 
He’d told her she could write letters in care of his aunt, but Margaret had been loath to do so. She smiled wryly to herself. That wasn’t true; she’d longed to write him letters, and had poured her heart out in several missives too intimate to share. He was more stranger than not still, and she couldn’t bear the thought of him looking her askance because of the nature of her letters. In the end, she’d kept the letters to herself, waiting to see Henry again, to judge his feelings for her... and hers for him.
Purposefully Margaret strode into the little harborside office, its shingle ‘Angus Buchanan, Shipping Agent’ swinging in the wind.
“May I help you, miss?” The clerk at the counter, with his great bushy beard and red cheeks, already seemed to be laughing at her. Margaret raised her head haughtily.
“I wanted to inquire as to the whereabouts of Mr. Henry Moore. He told me he is in port. He’s... an acquaintance of mine and mentioned that I might received news of him through his agent. Are you that person?”
The clerk’s eyes twinkled, and Margaret knew he was amused. “I certainly am, but if it’s news of Henry Moore you want, you might as well ask him yourself. His ship The Allegiance is outside right now, getting ready to sail on tomorrow evening’s tide. He’s on board.”
Margaret’s heart skipped a beat as she turned and saw Henry’s ship docked right outside the office. “Thank you kindly, sir,” she murmured, and hurried outside.
The ship was a hive of activity, with sailors scurrying about on deck, in preparation for their sailing. Margaret hurried to the gangplank.
“Now, where might you be going, missy?” a sailor asking with a rather leering smile. “You know women on board ship are bad luck.”
“I need to speak to Mr. Moore,” Margaret said with as much hauteur as she could muster.
“Is that so?”
She bit back a furious retort. “Yes, it is.”
“Well, I’m afraid he’s not here at the moment. Away on business till tomorrow.” The sailor seemed to take pity on her, for he added, “He’ll be back tomorrow though. We’re sailing on the evening tide.”
Disappointment swamped Margaret as she returned to the quayside. So close to Henry... and yet as far away as ever!
She was so lost in her thoughts she almost missed sight of the familiar, gangly figure ducking between two buildings. Hitching up her skirts, Margaret ran forward.
“Ian... Ian!”
He’d tried to hide from her, she realized, as she grabbed his shoulder to turn him around. “Where have you been? Have you any idea what your family has gone through these last three days?”
Ian’s face was pale and drawn, but there was a glimmer of defiance in his eyes. “There’s no place for me at Achlic,” he said in a low voice. “It’s my fault there won’t be any Achlic! I’m not going back there.”
“And where will you go?” Margaret demanded impatiently. “You must come back with me, Ian. Harriet’s been beside herself with worry for you.”
Ian squared his shoulders. “You can tell her I’m all right, then. I’ve got myself a job.”
“What!” Margaret stared at him in disbelief. “What are you doing? And where?”
Ian shrugged defiantly. “Never you mind. I’ll come back when I’ve made some money--I’ll buy Achlic--”
“Buy Achlic?” Margaret repeated. “Ian, this is nonsense! You won’t even buy your dinner with the few pennies you might make as a bootblack--”
“I’m not a bootblack!”
“Then what are you?” Margaret demanded. “And where are you staying? Don’t add to your sister’s travails by grieving her thus!”
Ian dashed his face against his grimy sleeve. “I’ll get it back, I swear.”
“One day perhaps. No one doubts your regret, Ian. I promise you that.” Margaret laid her hand on his arm. “I know you want to work to regain the property,” she said gently. “But you mustn’t think of it, not now. Harriet needs you at home. She can’t manage by herself, not with your father ill.” Ian looked uncertain, and Margaret pressed her advantage. “You wanted a man’s responsibilities? Then don’t run away like a boy. Come home, where your family needs you. Come home with me now. Please.”
“I’m no good to anyone,” Ian said, his voice very low.
“You’re good to us, Ian. You must come.” Margaret gently pulled his sleeve, helping him to walk alongside her. “Harriet will be so relieved to see you, you don’t even know.”
Unwillingly, silently, Ian let himself be led, and Margaret thanked Providence that she’d found him at last.
Back at home both Harriet and Eleanor fell on Ian with tears and recriminations, which he bore with stoic grimness. Rupert eyed him askance, for the last few weeks had turned Ian into an adult stranger, far removed from the boyhood friend who engaged in meaningless pranks with him.
“I don’t know how to thank you, Margaret,” Harriet said after the others were settled in bed. She stood in the doorway of Margaret’s bedroom, her hair in plaits, wearing her dressing gown and night rail. Her face was pale and still lined with worry. “I was so afraid he wouldn’t come back. I hadn’t even told Father he was missing yet.” She looked down at her hands. “I haven’t told Father anything.”
“He must know,” Margaret said quietly. “I can only think it’s why he’s kept so to his bed. He could not miss the whispers flying round this place--surely Mistress MacCready has told him?”
“She’s said nothing,” Harriet said bleakly. “She can keep her mouth closed when she chooses, and she knows it’s my responsibility.” She sighed, rubbing a hand across her face. “I’m weary of it all, I truly am. Ian--Achlic--Allan--” Her voice broke, and before she could try to compose herself, Margaret was standing beside her, her arms around her.
Harriet broke down and wept. There had been so many times for tears, and she’d held back out of necessity. She had to be the strong one. Now she feared she couldn’t anymore.
After a few moments she stepped away from Margaret, wiping her cheeks with the palms of her hands. “I’m sorry. Here I am, acting like a bairn--”
“I’d hardly say that.” Margaret looked serious. “I’ve neglected the responsibilities here, Harriet, and I’m sorry for adding to your burden. I’ve been so--” she exhaled almost angrily. “Consumed by my own petty concerns! And here you are, struggling to keep heart and soul together.”
“It’s not as bad as that.”
Margaret pressed her lips together. “Almost. I’ve been distracted--”
“So I’ve gathered.” Harriet gave her a small smile. “I wonder what distracts you so?”
Margaret flushed. “Never mind that. What can I do to help?”
“Find some money?” Harriet joked. She leaned against the doorway. “To speak truth,” she said slowly, “I think I’ve found a way out of this fankle. I’m just not sure whether to act upon it.”
“A way out? But what could that be?”
Harriet shook her head. “I won’t speak of it yet. We’d best get some sleep. There will be plenty of time to discuss things tomorrow.”
The next morning, Margaret set out for Tobermory once again. She left Rupert and Ian at their tutor’s house, and headed for the docks.
The harbor was bustling with activity as several ships made preparations to sail that evening. Margaret’s heart hammered in anticipation of seeing Henry. What would he say? Would he be glad to see her?
She had not even reached the gangplank when he was there before her, hurrying from the ship.
“Margaret!” Henry stood before her, his blue eyes bright with happiness, his hands outstretched. “I can scarcely believe it! I’ve been looking for you during all my leave, but you seem to have disappeared! How did you know I was ashore?”
“I didn’t,” Margaret admitted. “It was only by chance that I came here at all.”
Henry clasped her hands. “I’m very glad to see you,” he said quietly. “I’d been hoping you would have written me, but no matter.”
“I... I wanted to,” Margaret stammered, feeling like the kind of silly missish girl she despised. Henry’s hands warmed her own, and she was glad he hadn’t taken them from hers.
“Can you spare a moment to come below quarters and have a cup of ale? It’s not much, I know, and the quarters are humble...”
“I...” Margaret hesitated. “I don’t know if that’s proper.”
“Of course!” Henry had the grace to blush. “Forgive me, I’m just so delighted to see you. I was afraid I would sail without sight of your lovely face, and another year would pass before we might meet again.”
“You sail tonight?” Margaret said, her disappointment audible.
“Yes, and I won’t be back for a year. I’ve a commission in the Caribbean over the winter.” Henry squeezed her hands. “In light of that, there’s little time to waste. I apologize for my forwardness, but I can’t wait a year to declare my intentions to you, Margaret. It’s thought of you which has sustained me all spring, and I dare not think you feel the same...”
“You may dare,” Margaret said, feeling suddenly breathless. Was Henry saying what she thought he was... what she could scarcely hope he was?
“Do you mean that?”
Margaret nodded, unable to form words.
“Margaret, I love you. Will you wait for me, for this year, that I may return and claim you as my own, my bride?”
“Yes,” Margaret whispered. “Yes, I’ll wait.”
“You’ve made me the happiest man today.” Henry’s face radiated his joy. “May I kiss you, Margaret?”
Margaret could barely speak. She wasn’t aware of the bitter wind or the plaintive cry of the seagulls, or even of the sailors who went about their business around them. All she think of was Henry, and that he loved her. “You may,” she whispered, and closed her eyes as Henry brushed his lips with hers. His arms encircled her, and Margaret knew that home was where he was and would be. She laid his cheek against the rough wool of his coat, her mind and heart seeming to tumble within her.
“You’ll wait for me, then?” Henry asked as they stepped apart. “I know a year is a long time, but I’ll come back to you, I swear it on my life.”
“I know you will.” She trusted Henry with everything she had, Margaret realized, and the thought made her giddy. “I must go,” she said reluctantly. “They’ll miss me back at home.”
“Tell me where to find you, when I return. I’ve heard the farm where you board is to be sold.”
“I’m not sure where I’ll be,” she admitted. “You can leave letters with my father’s shipping agent, Mr. Douglas.”
Henry grasped her hands. “You’ll be all right? You’ll stay safe, and where I can find you? And what of your father? The innkeeper at Craignuire said you might be sailing for that shore soon.”
“There has been no word yet,” Margaret replied, her heart thudding at the thought of the many changes that lay ahead. “Whatever happens, I’ll leave word with the shipping agent. You will find me.”
“I vow I will,” Henry agreed, although his face was anxious. “I’m loath to let go of you,” he admitted with a shaky laugh. “Now that I’ve found you once.”
“You’ll find me again,” Margaret promised, and dared to stand on tiptoe and kiss his cheek.
“I’ll write you often, and think of you more,” Henry promised. “Goodbye... but only for a little while.”
Margaret watched him walk away with longing in her heart. A year was not a long time, she told herself, and yet it seemed endless. Harriet and Allan had been separated for little more than a year, and their own wedding seemed no closer. Would the same happen to her? 
After leaving The Allegiance, Margaret called at the office of her father’s shipping agent. 
“There’s another letter here for you,” Mr. Douglas told her. “From your family. Came in this morning.”
It would be good to hear news of them, and Margaret took the letter gladly. 
Quickly, right there at the harborside, Margaretd broke the seal of her father’s letter, surprised when two pieces of paper fell out, along with the letter. She looked down and realized at once what they were... two tickets for passage to Canada, for her and Rupert, on the first sailing next spring. 
Her mind went numb as she stared at the bits of paper. Would Henry find her in Canada, she wondered, her stomach taking an icy plunge. Would he bother to look? Even though she believed in Allan’s fidelity, she felt the distance of the ocean between him and Harriet, and the frailty of old promises lost on a seafaring wind.
She could tell him at least, Margaret decided, although she wasn’t sure what good might come of it. She walked quickly back to The Allegiance, only to be stopped at the pier by one of Henry’s men.
“The captain’s gone out,” the sailor told her without much regret. “Won’t be back till late. I suppose I could leave a message.”
Yes, Margaret thought, but what message? She longed for Henry’s dear face, his hands warm over hers as she explained her predicament. She didn’t trust this sailor to relay a message, especially as she wasn’t sure what message she could give.
“No,” she finally said, her voice a scratchy whisper. “No message.”
Her mind seethed with hungry anticipation all afternoon. In the evening, she threw aside her needlework with restless hands.
Harriet stared at her, eyebrows raised. “You look as if you’ve a storm brewing inside you.”
“How do you do it?” Margaret demanded. “Wait all this time--it’s a patience I cannot ken!”
“I cannot, either,” Harriet replied quietly. “It comes when there is no other choice.” She snipped a thread and gave Margaret a look of frank curiosity. “What--or who--are you waiting for then, Margaret MacDougall?”
Margaret blushed and looked away. “Nothing,” she murmured. “At least nothing I can say right now.”
Harriet eyed her sceptically. “There are too many secrets in this house, Lord knows,” she said softly, and turned back to her sewing. 
The next morning, Margaret rose early, intent on helping Harriet shoulder the burden of their household. She was about to slip out to the henhouse to gather eggs when she saw the note on the kitchen table.
Dear Family. I cannot stay, and I hope you’ll forgive me. I’ve signed on as a ship’s boy on The Allegiance, sailing to the Caribbean and the Americas. It’s a small thing, but I vow I will not return till I have the price of Achlic in my hand. Give my regards to Father. Tell him I’m sorry. Ian.
The note was still in Margaret’s hand when Harriet came into the kitchen, still busy with putting up her hair. “You’re up early?” she said in surprise, her eyes narrowing as she took in Margaret’s pale face and the letter she was holding. “What’s happened? What is that?” Margaret struggled to find words, but Harriet already knew. “It’s Ian, isn’t it? He’s gone again.”
Margaret nodded. “He left a letter. He sailed yesterday evening, as ship’s boy on The Allegiance.”

CHAPTER TWELVE

“Ship’s boy?” Harriet stared in disbelief. “What on earth...?” She snatched the note from Margaret, reading it before throwing it down in disgust. “How can he do such an idiotic thing! He’s more than wet behind the ears, I can tell you that!”
Margaret smiled faintly, for she preferred Harriet’s temper to her tears. “That he is. Too bad he’s not here for us to tell him so.”
“Indeed, I’d give him a tongue lashing he’d ne’er forget!” Harriet sank onto the rocking chair by the fire. “What will I tell Father? And are we even likely to see poor Ian again?” She shook her head. “All the way to the Caribbean! Is everyone destined to fly this place?”
“He’ll come back,” Margaret said, aware that she’d made this vow before, and it was not hers to give. Her mind whirled, but she was beginning to realize that Ian's situation on The Allegiance could be to his benefit. “As a matter of fact,” she said slowly, “I know the sailing master of that ship. He's a good man. I could write him about Ian. I don't know if it will bring him back, but it might help keep him safe.”
“You know the master?” Harriet's eyes widened in surprise, but she was kept from asking further questions by a knock on the back door. Before she could even answer it, Jane MacCready poked her head through.
“Good afternoon. I've heard about Ian, and I thought you could use some help.”
“Bad news certainly travels,” Harriet replied with a touch of asperity. “We only just found out ourselves.”
“He was seen,” Jane explained. “My nephew saw him on board a ship bound for the Americas last night.”
“He must have snuck out right after dinner,” Harriet said in a hollow voice. “And we didn’t even know! And what of Rupert? They share a room. He was part of the conspiracy, no doubt.”
“I’ll speak to him,” Margaret said.
Harriet sighed. “There’s no reason in blaming him. Ian’s desperate to prove he’s man, so we might as well treat him as one, capable of taking his own decision. Ship’s boy!” This last was said in exasperation, and she turned to Jane. “I’m sorry for the confused state you find us in. Do come in. I’ll boil the kettle.”
“I’m calling so early because I thought I might be some use,” Jane said in her usual forthright manner. “Now that the situation with Ian is what it is, you must speak to your father.”
“I know.”
“Today.”
Harriet’s eyes flashed, and she pressed her lips together. She didn’t like being ordered around, yet Jane had made herself quite useful in the last few months, and moreover, Harriet knew she was right. “Today. Yes.” 
Jane nodded, her face cracking into a rare smile. “I knew you’d see the way of it. You'd best tell him now,” she continued briskly. “I'll brew some tea, and bring it up in twenty minutes. That will give you enough time to talk. And then if you need a rescue...” There was a glimmer of a smile in her eyes, and Harriet nodded stiffly. 
Normally she would've objected to another woman busying herself in her kitchen, yet the sight of Jane's competent form and brisk movements was strangely comforting.
“Thank you,” she said quietly, and slipped from the room.
Upstairs she knocked on David's door, and upon hearing his gruff bidding to enter, came into the bedroom. As always, the sight of his pale, drawn face and tired eyes pained her.
She stared at him, not knowing what to say or where to begin. David looked back at her, his face marked by a heavy scowl. “Something's amiss,” he said after a moment. “What is it?”
Harriet stood at the foot of the bed, her hands clasped. She drew a breath, steeling herself. “I'm sorry, Father. Things... haven't gone well. I didn't want to bring bad news, I was hoping to spare you...”
“Enough of this,” David said brusquely. “Out with it. We've lost the farm, haven't we?”
Harriet blinked in surprise. “Yes.” Her voice wavered as she continued, “I'm sorry, Father. I know I could've done...”
“Come here, lass.” David's voice was both rough and gentle as he beckoned her to his side. Harriet went, sitting on the stool by his head. “There was nothing you could do, Harriet. Do you think I don't blame myself for the fankle we're in? It was I who ran Achlic into debt, not you or anyone else. We had bad harvests, there's not a doubt, but at the end of the day the blame rests with me.” He sighed heavily and closed his eyes briefly. “Aye, me.” After a moment he turned to look at her. “What happened, then?”
“Ian went to sell the twenty acres,” Harriet explained falteringly, “and he sold everything instead.”
“What! Why would he do such a foolish thing?”
“It was an accident, Father. A trick. He signed the contract without reading it all.”
“That brainless lad, for all his lessons!” This was said with more resignation than anger. “And who played such a low trick? It wouldn't have been Mr. Franklin, I'm sure.”
“No, it was Sir James.”
“That scoundrel,” David spat, his face suffused with rage. “He's always wanted my land. Can't get enough of it, can he?” He shook his head. “Of all the people...”
“Ian feels terribly, Father,” Harriet said in a low voice. “He ran away.”
“Good, for he ought to be whipped. He'll come back soon enough, when the cold and hunger have got to him. Teach him a lesson he'll naught forget.”
“He's run away to sea,” Harriet explained. “On a ship to the Americas, as ship's boy.”
David sat back heavily, the anger draining from his face. Harriet was silent, not knowing what she could say or do to make anything better.
“Well,” David said at last. “Well.” He shook his head, his eyes dark with regret and sorrow. “I can only hope it'll bring some sense to him. It hasn't come otherwise.” He coughed, the effort wracking him, and Harriet hurried to pour a glass of water from the pitcher by the bed. After he'd drank, he turned to face her. “What shall we do, Harriet?” he asked quietly. “And how long do we have in this place?”
“I'm not certain. A few weeks at best.” Harriet realized her father had never asked her advice before, and she felt a strange sense of gratified pride. She took a breath and made herself continue. “There is another way, Father. A way to stay here, at Achlic.”
David shook his head, clearly bewildered. “What would that be?”
Harriet let her breath out slowly, willing herself to say the words. “Andrew Reid, Sir James’s nephew, has asked me to marry him. If I say yes, he's promised we could live here as we are. The farm would still belong to Riddell, of course, but we wouldn't be turned out onto the street.”
“Paupers, on Riddell charity?” David shook his head. “I'd rather beg for my dinner on the docks.”
“We'd be family, of a kind,” Harriet protested weakly. She could hardly imagine it herself.
David was silent for a moment, lost in thought. When he looked up at her, his eyes were clear and shrewd. “Do you love him?”
Harriet swallowed. “He loves me. He's told me so.”
David shook his head. “I asked if you love him.”
Does it matter? Harriet thought. “I'm fond of him,” she said slowly, realising with some surprise it was true. “Even though I don't always trust him. Perhaps I could love him in time...”
“What of Allan?”
I love him. Harriet shook his head. “He hasn't written in a year. I know he's well, for his mother has written Margaret and Rupert.”
“You think he’s given up on you?”
Harriet flinched. “I don’t know what to think. But the truth of it is there isn’t time to find out. And he gave me my freedom. I wouldn’t be betraying him.” Though her heart said otherwise.
David coughed again, and Harriet handed him his mug of water. “You mustn't marry the Riddell boy, lass, to save us.” He looked at her with eyes that were both wise and sorrowful. “It's not a mistake worth making. We'll survive somehow.”
How, Harriet wanted to ask. How could a girl, a woman and a frail old man survive on the pittance that would be left them?
There was a knock on the door, and Jane MacCready came in with a tea tray. “A nice cup of tea should make everything a wee bit better,” she said with a smile. “Harriet, I forgot the jam for the scones. Would you fetch it, please?”
Feeling summarily dismissed, Harriet rose from the stool. David clasped her hand gently before she left, and the surprising gesture had her near tears yet again. As she walked downstairs, she could hear Jane's bustle and chatter, and her father's few gruff replies. It would take much more than some tea to make things better, she thought grimly.


The next day Harriet made her way to Lanymoor House for Caroline's pianoforte lesson. She knew she would see Andrew, and had resolved to tell him of her decision. It was the right decision, she told herself... the only decision.
Her mind wandered during Caroline's lesson, and it was only with half an ear that she listened to the little girl bang out her scales.
“Gently, Caroline, gently, remember our fingers are like feathers on the keys.” Harriet lightly played a few notes, but Caroline only pouted.
“Don't like feathers!”
“Don't be a brat, brat,” Andrew said with humorous languor. Harriet looked up, her heart skipping a beat at the sight of him. He leaned against the door frame, his hands in the pockets of his morning coat, the picture of elegance and ease. “Are you finished for today?” he inquired. “If so, I thought we could take tea in the back parlor. It's smaller in there, and cosier. There's even a fire.”
“It sounds lovely,” Harriet replied, forcing herself to meet Andrew’s eyes and smile.
“Run along, Caroline,” Andrew commanded. “Cook has fresh biscuits for you in the kitchen.”
“I want to come with you.”
“Not today, poppet,” Andrew said firmly. “Hurry for those biscuits now. I need to talk to Harriet alone.”
The back parlor was cosy indeed, and Harriet stood by the fire, stretching her hands out to the flames.
“You're like ice.” Andrew took her hand in his own, and with his other hand lifted her chin so she had to look at him. “I didn't mean to make you afraid, when I asked you to marry me,” he said quietly. “We can forget it now, if it is easier.”
“I'm sorry. There's been so much going on...” Briefly Harriet told him of Ian's defection.
“Your father is likely to be right,” Andrew said frankly. “The discipline of a ship might be just what Ian needs.”
“That may be so,” Harriet flashed, “but it didn't mean it had to be like this, with him running away in shame!”
“You're right.” He caught her hands in his own and lifted them to his lips. “Pax, Harriet. I'm agreeing with you.”
“I know.”
“Have you reached a decision, then? I spoke to my uncle and he agreed to the plan. We could live at Achlic. I don't mind if your father runs the place. I know he'll still feel it's his own, and that's only fair. Besides, I don't the first thing about running a farm. I'm sure he could teach me well.”
“He's too ill to do much of anything at the moment,” Harriet replied with a small smile. “But I'm certain he'd rule with an iron fist from his bedside!”
Andrew caught his breath. “Does that mean...?”
“Yes.” Harriet nodded, her heart like lead inside her. “I'll marry you, Andrew.”
A delighted smile broke over his face. “You've made me the happiest man alive, Harriet. I know you don't love me now, don't bother to protest, I accept it as it is. But in time... I swear you'll love me in time. I'll do everything I can to make it so.”
Harriet laughed, a shaky sound. “I'm sure you'll make me very happy, Andrew.”
“I promise I will.” He squeezed her hands, his face alight. “May I kiss you?”
The only time she’d been kissed had been with Allan, at Duart. She could still remember the feel of his lips on hers, his arms around her. The promises he’d made echoed in her head, now with a hollow ring. 
Tears pricked Harriet's eyes as she nodded. Andrew brushed his lips across hers, and Harriet felt a betraying tingle inside her. Her hands reached for the lapels of his coat, and as the kiss deepened she pulled away, blushing. She felt as faithless as an adulteress, even though she knew she was free.
“I’ll make you happy,” Andrew promised again, and Harriet nodded. She could almost believe he would. She knew he would try. “Do you have a preference for a date for the wedding?” he asked. “I know women have all sorts of notions about these things...”
A wedding date! Why did she feel such a wave of dread? Andrew was a good, caring man, and he loved her. She would be well provided for. Most women did not even hope for as much. “Would you mind if we waited till spring? Father should be a bit more able then, and I might even be able to get word to Ian... and Allan.”
“Ah, yes, Allan.” Andrew’s face was grave. “I know you loved him, Harriet, but do you think you'll be able to forget?”
Forget? Harriet didn’t even know if she wanted to try. Perhaps she would make herself forget, for her own sanity. “I chose you,” she said quietly. “Let that be enough, for now.”
“It is.” Andrew embraced her once more. “It assuredly is!”
Later that evening, Harriet sat at the kitchen table, the candle flickering by her elbow, and stared down at the blank parchment. Would Allan even care about her news? She had a sudden, piercing realisation that he would.
“Oh, faithless heart,” she whispered, “to doubt him for so long and then marry another.” She thought of him on the hillside by Duart, the day before he left. I love you, Harriet Campbell, and I always have, since the day I found you here, hiding among the rocks. It was meant to be, between us. I've always known it.
“I'm sorry, Allan,” she whispered. “There's naught I can do. If I had a choice...” But the choices had been taken from her, along with her home and livelihood. Slowly, painfully, Harriet began to write.
The candle was burned low when she finally lay the quill down, and sprinkled sand over the drying ink. After she'd folded the letter and sealed it, she allowed for the tears to come. She lay her head on her arms and cried bitterly, for all she had lost, and all that she had hoped to have.
When she’d finished, she felt drained and empty, the sorrow and disappointment now released, to be replaced by a flat, grim determination.
The letter went on the last ship sailing for Canada before winter. The day was cold and windy, and Harriet handed the letter over along with the last of the hopes.
“You don't know what you're doing,” Margaret told her in furious disgust late that night, after Harriet had made her announcement and the others had gone to bed. “Allan loved you, and will always love you. How can you throw that away?”
“What would you have me do, Margaret?” Harriet replied with just as much heat. “Do you think my father will survive a cold, draughty hovel in town? Do you think Eleanor will enjoy life as a scullery maid or laundress at her age, working her fingers to the bone for a few pennies a day? There aren't many choices open to us, and I have to protect my family!”
Margaret's face crumpled, and she flew to wrap Harriet in her arms. “Oh, Harriet, I'm sorry. If only this burden was not upon you. Can't you write Allan? My father has money. He might provide passage for all of you. You could start anew in Scotia.”
“It would be too late, by the time the letter arrived,” Harriet replied heavily. “It's done, anyway. Allan hasn't written me in a year, Margaret. You don't know what might have happened. People change.”
“Yes, they do.” Margaret was quiet for a moment. “My father has sent the ship fare for Rupert and me. We're to sail this spring.”
Harriet studied her friend's face, and the sorrow that darkened her eyes. “That should be good news, I would think.”
“I don't want to go,” Margaret stated flatly. “I've met someone, someone here...”
“What?” Harriet’s brows rose to her hairline. “This is the waiting, I suppose? Who is he, then?”
Margaret smiled tremulously. “It’s rather a long story.”
“I’m listening.”
Duly Margaret told of her lessons with Henry, his claim to her affections.
“You’ve kept this from me all this time?” Harriet asked, not without a little hurt.
“I was embarrassed at first. It seemed... forward, if not improper. I didn’t want you to disapprove. I supposed some might have seen scandal in it, or worse.”
Harriet nodded her acceptance. “Only those whose tongues never cease to wag. He’s asked you to wait?”
“I believe so.” Margaret’s eyes shone even as she bit her lip.
“But you’re not sure?” Harriet shook her head, chuckling. “Och, these men!” She threw up her hands, and they both laughed in a real way for the first time in weeks. “Why do they always ask us to wait?”
“He's a sailing master,” Margaret explained. 
“Of The Allegiance?” Harriet guessed shrewdly, and Margaret blushed in acknowledgment.
“He'll be back in a year's time. If I'm not here...” she shrugged and then said simply, “I love him.”
“You've all winter to decide,” Harriet reminded her. “Spring is a long way away, as yet.”
“You've all winter as well,” Margaret said quietly. “Like you said, spring is not for many months. Things can change, Harriet. Remember what you told me? People can change their minds. Everyone.”

Ian lay curled up in his hammock, his chin nearly touching his knees, his back against another of the ship’s boys, asleep beside him. In the four weeks since he'd been on board The Allegiance, he'd not become accustomed to the heave and roll of the ship. Now, in the middle of the night, his stomach still churned unpleasantly, although whether that was due to seasickness or his general misery, he did not know.
He had not taken to ship life. Ian himself acknowledged it, and it only made him angrier with himself. Everything about the ship was foreign, even frightening to him. There were three other ship's boys, a ragtag crew that were from an entirely different social sphere than he was. 
The food, a rough diet of dry biscuits, salted beef or greasy stew, made him long for the homemade roasts and puddings at Achlic. And when he'd received his first daily ration of sailor's grog, or watered down rum, he hadn't known what it was or what to do with it. Having never tasted proper spirits before, he'd taken a long, healthy swig before the fire hit his throat and he coughed and sputtered. All the sailors around him had laughed and jeered--it'd been days before they let him forget what a lubber he was.
Although he didn’t think he was afraid of hard work, the mind numbing labor of swabbing decks, coiling ropes and washing down the sails frustrated him, as did the galling fact that he had to take whatever came from the sailors aboard ship. His job, he soon realized, was to make himself either useful or scarce. 
He longed to return home, yet what could he do? He'd signed on for a year, and he knew he must honor that. He admired the ship's master, Henry Moore, although he'd rarely seen him since they'd set sail. Perhaps Mr. Moore would let him off when they reached their destination in America, but then what? The thought of being alone in a strange land was even worse than being aboard the ship. 
Tears pricked his eyes, but Ian forced them back. He would not cry. He was a man now, even if only a ship's boy. He’d made himself one when he took on the responsibility for Achlic, and even in the dark privacy of his hammock, he would not give into tears.
The next morning was cold and clear, and the ship made good headway. They were only about six days off the coast of Massachusetts, according to the master. Ian stood apart from the other ship's boys, watching as the sailors trimmed the sails. Although the ship's boys were in theory encouraged to learn as much as they could about the rigging, in practise most sailors shouted at them to get out of their way when work was going on. So they stood to the side, kicking their feet and gossiping.
All of a sudden the brisk, efficient movements of the crew were interrupted as a rope jerked around a sailor's foot, yanking him off the ground, his leg twisted at a horribly awkward angle. Ian's stomach lurched as he watched the man writhe in agony before his mates cut him down and laid him out on the deck.
Someone shouted for the ship surgeon, and he could hear the low, urgent murmurs of the sailors around the wounded man. Ian shivered. He must have broken his leg... it would have to be set on this rocking ship, and the thought horrified him. What if he had an accident, and was forced to lie under the surgeon's bloody knife?
He didn't realize that the murmurs had turned angry and accusing, or that the sailors were casting dark looks at the little group of ship's boys. Suddenly a voice rang out, the American twang of one of the more belligerent sailors.
“I tell you, that rope was coiled the wrong way. That's what caught Mahoney up, and it's the fault of one of those scamps there!”
The first mate, Mr. Tisbury, whom Ian suspected disliked him anyway, turned his cold, blue gaze on the ship's boys. “Which one of you was responsible for coiling the ropes on that sail?”
Fear ran like ice in his veins as Ian realized whose rope it was... whose responsibility it was. Jacky, another ship's boy, lost no time in pointing the finger.
“It was 'im, I'm sure of it,” he said, with a jerk of his thumb towards Ian. “'Alf the time he don't know what he does.”
Mr. Tisbury turned to Ian. “Is that so, Mr. Douglas?”
Ian's mouth was dry. “I think... I might've...” he began, but trailed off at the look of furious contempt in the older sailor's eyes. 
“Take him to the brig,” Mr. Tisbury ordered. “He can spend the rest of the day there. The master can decide what to do with him.”
The brig was a small, cheerless room on the lower deck of the ship. There was only one small porthole, high up, for light, and the air was stale and dank.
Ian sat on the floor, his knees drawn to his chest. He knew what the punishment for careless conduct was. Flogging for sailors, possibly a whipping for a ship's boy. So far he'd managed to avoid the whip, but now he feared there would be no respite. It was his fault that Mahoney had broken a leg, and his fault alone.
The hours crept past, and he watched as the little light from the porthole faded to inky darkness. The brig was so dark he could not even see his fingers in front of his face, and Ian found it was easier to close his eyes. He tried to forget how hungry and thirsty he was, or the punishment that awaited him.
Finally the sound of a key rattling in the lock awoke him from his stupor, and he blinked at the sudden light of a lantern thrust near his face. A sailor he didn't recognize stood there, smirking.
“Well, now. Maybe a spell in here has put paid to your uppity ways, eh? The master wants to see you. And if I were you, I wouldn't be looking forward to that little visit.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

It had been six months since Archie had gone soldiering, and he was due back for his furlough tomorrow. Allan had watched as his parents looked forward eagerly to Archie's return. He'd been stationed in Three Rivers, and would arrive in Pictou tomorrow afternoon. Allan offered to meet him there, and together they would take the mail packet back to the island.
Allan was looking forward to going. He'd not been to the mainland since last autumn, when he’d sent his letter to Harriet, asking her to come. He hoped a reply had come with the first ship into Pictou. 
The transport of letters from the old world was unreliable, despite people's best intentions. A letter from Betty's sister Ann had come via a ship from Aberdeen, then languished for six months in New Brunswick until a traveller coming the island way had brought it. A letter, Allan knew, could take well over a year to reach its recipient. It was a surprisingly comforting thought when he considered Harriet's long silence. Perhaps her letters simply had not reached him.
“So your brother's coming back, then.” Roddy Campbell, Elizabeth's brother, said on the boat journey to Pictou, the sea flat and shining before them. “The hero, isn't he?” This was said with a bit of a grimace, which Allan chose to ignore. That was how Archie affected people... they either loved or hated him. Allan didn't even know how he felt at times.
“Aye, he is. We've all missed him.”
“Have you, now?”
“Aye.” Allan spoke firmly. It was true, he'd missed Archie more than he had expected to. The long, frozen winter months had seemed even harder to bear without Archie's cheerful patter and jokes. 
Now that the spring planting would be soon upon them, Allan planned to start his cabin, begin laying the plans for Harriet to join him... if the desire still seized her own heart as it did his. He prayed a letter waited for him in Pictou. 
“There it is,” Roddy said in satisfaction. Pictou harbor came into view, and it always gave Allan a fierce sense of pride to see how the town was growing, stone replacing wood, the buildings seeming to stand proudly against the darkness of the endless forest that was both threat and promise. Pictou was holding its own against the elements, Allan thought, if only just.
Once on land, Allan stopped at the merchant's where most of the letters from ships ended up, till someone could take it on to their final destination.
The shop was full of people, including many islanders who had taken the fine weather to cross on the ferry and do business. There were fur traders as well, coming in by canoe from the far West and North, and soldiers on furlough. A few native Indians, the Mi'kmaq, stood silently by the door. Allan knew they traded furs and other items in town, but he was still surprised and intrigued by their strange garb and stoic faces.
He spent a few moments examining new tools and listening to the local gossip.
“Ship's coming in, I hear. Full of settlers for a new colony out west. All Scots, every last one of 'em, and been kicked off their land.”
“That's that Selkirk fellow's idea, isn't it?” another farmer said, and spat. “Bought up a big parcel of land from the Hudson's Bay Company to give to all those people. There's plenty who ain't happy about it, though.”
“And why should they be? That land don't belong to no Scots. There's already people there, and you've got the fur, as well.”
“Well, the Company shouldn't have sold it, should they? It's a big parcel out by Red River. Good land, I hear.”
Allan had never heard of Red River. His interest sharpened, and he wondered just where it was, and if any other settlers could join in forming the new colony. 
“The Company's finally joined with Northwest,” another man, a fur trader, commented. “Not that it should make any difference to me, but at least there's less competition.”
Allan knew vaguely of the two trading companies which had dominated the fur trade for the last one hundred and fifty years. Hudson's Bay Company, founded in England, was the larger and older of the two, and had only that year finally swallowed its competition, the smaller Northwest Company based out of Montreal.
“The Company's getting too big for its britches,” a farmer groused. “It controls all the land from Upper Canada to the Pacific, I hear. That's too much power for anybody.”
“George Simpson is travelling round, organising the trading posts and even recruiting some new men,” someone else volunteered. “Now that the companies have joined, he's going to close many of the outposts.”
“And put good men out of jobs.”
Allan had heard enough. He didn't care about the politics of the Hudson's Bay Company. They had no holding on the island. He approached John Douglas, the shopkeeper.
“Any letters for Mingarry Farm, on island?” he asked hopefully. “The name's MacDougall.”
“I remember you.” John Douglas nodded. “Your brother came across the ice last year when your boat was trapped. We still talk about that over here.”
“He was a hero,” Allan agreed with a small smile. “I would've died without him.”
“There's a letter for Mingarry, I think. Been here since autumn, if I remember correctly. It came over on the last ship from Scotland before winter.”
He rifled through a packet of letters, and Allan's heart lurched when he saw the neat, familiar writing. Harriet! He knew if the letter came in autumn, it could not be a reply to his own, yet his heart still swelled with hope. She’d written at last.
He tortured himself, waiting till he was settled at the public house with a pint of ale and a cold game pie before he opened it.
Dear Allan, Although I have observed a long silence on your part, and can only wonder at its cause, I remain assured in the memory of your promise, and the knowledge of your faithfulness...
Allan breathed a sigh of relief. She trusted him. She would not change. 
Therefore it grieves me all the more to relate to you the circumstances of the last year which have led my family to dire straits, and myself to a union which in time I hope will come to love.
In disbelief, Allan read of the loss of Achlic, and even worse, Harriet's betrothal to the nephew of Sir James Riddell.
We will marry in the spring, God willing, and I hope that some happiness may befall you, as well as me, even though we are no longer to be together. Dear Allan, know that I will always care for you, and should we not meet again, you will remain in my thoughts, if not my heart, as I will be wed to another.In Fond Memory, Harriet.
The letter fell from Allan's lifeless fingers as he stared blindly ahead, unable to believe the gross trick Fate had played on them all. That Harriet should be forced to marry another, and a Riddell at that!
Yet, Allan realized bitterly, she hadn't been truly forced, had she? After all, she could've appealed to his father for help, or even himself. The MacDougalls were relations, albeit distant, of the Campbells, and Allan knew Sandy would've willingly come to David Campbell's aid.
Perhaps she loved this fellow, and was trying to be kind to him. A kindness, Allan thought, he could do without. A voice in his head mocked pitilessly, you were the one who set her free. You returned her letters. You let her go.
And now she would have read his own letter, asking her to come to him. What a fool he was, cherishing hopes long fallen to ash.
His head in his hands, Allan let the tide of regret wash over him. If only he had insisted on the betrothal, even asked that she come with him to Scotia! If only David Campbell had agreed. If only... if only...
Instead, he had given Harriet her freedom... and she had taken it with both hands.

It had been a damp and depressing spring on Mull. Harriet stood at the window of the music room in Lanymoor House and shivered. She drew her shawl more tightly around her, as if it could ward off something more than the cold.
The cold, Harriet knew, was inside her, and had been there ever since she'd accepted Andrew Reid's proposal. 
Sir James had been, to her surprise, delighted by their engagement. Shrewdly Harriet realized he was relieved to have his nephew occupied with honorable labor, and also to not have the enmity of the Campbells, and therefore many of the islanders, because of his clever trick. 
No one liked Riddell, Harriet knew. The clearances, of course, accounted for that, although there had been fewer clearances here than in other parts of the Highlands. 
And now she was to become a Riddell, or nearly. Harriet knew she wasn't imagining the looks of contempt from some of the villagers who knew of her betrothal. She'd heard one sly whisper that Harriet Campbell was selling herself for a bit of gold. The cruel remark had made Harriet burn with shame. Was that what she was doing? Selling her body as well as her soul for merely a livelihood, a way of life?
“Nonsense,” Margaret had told her when Harriet had quietly confessed her fears. “If it were just for you, then I'd wonder. But you're not doing this for yourself, Harriet! That's plain to see, if anyone takes a look at you. You're as pale and thin as a ghost. There's barely anything left of you.”
Andrew had remarked the same, teasingly, before his eyes grew serious. “If you don't want to go ahead, Harriet...”
“I keep my promises,” Harriet had replied stiffly. Then, in a softer voice, she’d added, “please just give me time, Andrew.”
Yet how much time did she need to get used to her situation? Time was running out... the wedding was a mere three weeks away. Harriet shivered again.
“Mistress Campbell?”
Harriet turned to Caroline, who sat hesitantly at the pianoforte, and realized the girl had stopped playing several minutes ago. “I'm sorry, Caroline. I'm having trouble concentrating today. Play that piece again, please?”
Caroline lifted her hands to the keys, then dropped them again. Harriet tried to stifle her impatience. The girl had matured a great deal in the last year, and rarely had tantrums anymore. Yet there was still a streak of stubborn impishness there, and Harriet continually came up against it. “Caroline?”
“I think I know something,” Caroline blurted. “And I think I should tell you.” She bit her lip, sudden indecision and even fear crossing her childish features.
“Know something?” Harriet frowned. “What do you mean?”
“I found something. I didn't mean to snoop... well, only a wee bit!” Caroline bit at her fingernails before she dropped her hands in her lap and gazed at Harriet anxiously. “Promise you won't tell, Miss Campbell? I don't want to get into trouble, not with Andrew!”
“Why should you get in trouble?” Harriet sat next to Caroline on the pianoforte bench. “Have you done something naughty?”
“I was only looking for a pack of cards,” Caroline confessed. “I know James has some in his room, and one of the stable lads promised to show me a card trick. He's a card sharp, he is, even better than Andrew!”
“A young lady should not be concerning herself with cards,” Harriet said with what she hoped was an appropriate amount of severity. Her father did not even allow cards in his house, but she wasn’t really surprised that Andrew possessed some. The Riddells were not God-fearing Presbyterians as they were. “And you shouldn't have gone in Andrew’s chamber without permission.”
“I know. But it wasn't the cards I found... it was something else.”
Harriet stilled, and the coldness within her lodged into an icy ball that made it hard for her to breathe or even think. “And you think you should tell me what you found?” she asked after a moment.
Caroline nodded. “I think... I heard you and Andrew talking once. And I've heard the maids and such talking.”
“About what?”
“You.” Caroline looked miserable. “You were going to marry someone else, weren't you? Before Andrew.”
“I was, but he... it ended. What has this to do with anything, Caroline?”
“I found some letters,” the girl whispered. “In the box where Andrew keeps his cuff links and his watch. He got it from father, it’s ever so shiny—“
“Caroline.” Harriet laid a shaking hand on the little girl’s sleeve. “Tell me about these letters.”
 Caroline nibbled her lip. “There were ever so many. I thought they were love letters, and so I took a peek. I was going to tease Andrew! But I daren’t say anything, now.” 
“Love letters,” Harriet repeated faintly. “To Andrew?”
“No, that was the funny thing.” Caroline frowned, her childish face filled with uncertainty. “They were addressed to you, Harriet.”
Harriet swallowed, trying to ease the sudden dryness in her throat. “Who were they from?” 
“I don’t know. Not from Andrew, though.”
Harriet felt dizzy. Caroline could not be saying what she thought... it couldn't be! “Caroline,” she commanded, “show me the letters.”
“I daren't! They're still in Andrew’s room!”
“He's not in, is he?” Harriet remembered that Andrew had business in Tobermory, and would be returning in time for them all to have tea together. “Show me now, before he comes back.”
Caroline eyed her uncertainly before finally giving a reluctant nod. She slipped off the bench and ran from the room, and arriet followed. Her heart thumped loudly against her ribs as she followed Caroline quickly up the stairs, glancing behind her to make sure no one saw. She felt dizzy, as if in a dream.
She'd never been upstairs before, and she walked quickly along the wide corridor, till Caroline pushed open a heavy oak door and darted inside.
Harriet barely noticed the details of Andrew’s chamber: a morning coat thrown carelessly over a chair, the rumpled covers of a wide bed that a maid had not yet seen to.
Caroline thrust a small wooden box, inlaid with ivory, at her, and Harriet took it with trembling hands. Inside it there was a pocket watch and some cufflinks... and a packet of letters. They'd all been opened, read. Harriet recognized the bold handwriting on the outside, and the broken seal. They were from Allan.
She sifted through them in numb amazement. There were at least a dozen. He must have sent more than one letter with each ship, she realized. She unfolded one of the letters and scanned the lines.
My dearest Harriet, How can I express the consternation of my heart, or account for the long and cruel silence on your part? I know you too well to imagine you capable of any change or caprice towards me, and I hope you know me too well to expect any change on my side...
With a cry she clutched the letters to her, unable to believe and yet knowing deep within all along that Allan had written, that he had cared... that he loved her as always.
Just then they both heard Andrew’s cheerful, tuneless whistling in the corridor, and then he opened the door of his bedroom.
“What on earth--” he began, then stopped, the blood draining from his face, at the sight of Harriet and the bundle of letters in her hands. 
“Yes, what on earth, Andrew Reid.” Harriet replied in a voice of restrained fury. “What on earth are you doing with all of Allan MacDougall's letters, written to me?”
Andrew’s face was pale and his hand shook as he held it out in supplication. “I beg you, Harriet, give me a moment to explain.”
“I'd like to see you try!” Harriet stared down at the bundle of letters, Allan's dear, familiar scrawl on every one. “He's written to me all this time,” she whispered. She looked up at Andrew, her eyes full of fury. “How could you deceive me so?”
“I thought it was kinder...”
“Kinder! To steal something that isn't yours? To lie to the person you claim to love?”
“I do love you.” Andrew took a steadying breath. “This is not the place for such a conversation. Harriet, please come down to the drawing room where we can talk in a civilised manner. You shouldn't be here. If you were discovered...”
“You, Andrew Reid, are the one who has been discovered. But I'd like to hear your explanation, however unlikely it may be!” Clutching the letters to her, Harriet followed Andrew downstairs. 
Once in the drawing room, Andrew dismissed Caroline to find
Cook, which the pale-faced little girl was more than eager to do.
Alone, the silence between them was taut with unvoiced suspicions. Andrew rested his hands on the fireplace mantel, his back towards Harriet. Harriet knew he was troubled, she could see it in the set of his shoulders, but she felt no sympathy. He had deceived her. 
“Whatever I did, Harriet,” Andrew said in a low voice, “I did for you. For us.”
“All right, then.” Harriet deliberately kept her voice even. “Tell me just what you did. I want to hear it from your own lips.”
Andrew turned to face her. “All you suspect, and worse,” he admitted. “But out of love for you. I knew if you received MacDougall's letters you'd hold on to the slim hope that he'd return for you. You wouldn't even consider my suit, not with that forsaken promise you made him.”
“So you intercepted the letters so I'd think he'd forgotten me,” Harriet whispered. She shook her head, hardly able to believe that he was capable of such treachery. “Andrew, how could you?”
“What were the chances that he'd come back for you? He's made a new life for himself there, Harriet. It could've been years before he returned... maybe never, and you would have waited... and withered.”
“How are you to know such things? And shouldn't it be me who decides?” Harriet cried. “You'd no right to take such matters into your own hands!”
“I know.” Andrew reached for her hands, but Harriet jerked them out of his reach. Allan's letters fell from her grasp, fluttering to the ground. “Harriet, I love you. We can be happy together, I know it. I took the letters so you could have peace in your mind about our marriage--so you wouldn't feel you'd deserted MacDougall.”
“But I have!” Tears sprang to her eyes. “You've made me faithless, Andrew. How do you think I can live with that?”
He shook his head, his eyes dark with pain. “You were never to know.”
“You're despicable, Andrew Reid.” Harriet’s voice was choked. “I'll never trust you again.”
“Harriet, please. This need not ruin us. I only meant it for the best, if you can forgive me...” He stepped over the fallen letters to tightly clasp her cold hands in his. “We can still have a happy marriage, my love. A good one. Don't turn away from me, not now.”
Harriet saw the sincerity in his face, and suppressed a shudder. How could she marry someone who'd deceived her in such a fashion? She would never trust him... perhaps never even come to love him. Yet did she really have the liberty to refuse? Despair swamped her and she shook her head.
Slipping her hands from his, she bent to gather the letters to herself. “Please give me some time to think, Andrew. This has given me such a shock... I must reconsider.”
“Of course,” Andrew agreed quickly. “Of course you need time. Just remember that I love you... and that I'm here, waiting.”
Back at Achlic Farm, Harriet retired to her bed chamber. She spread Allan's letters on her counterpane, staring at the many envelopes and feeling the treachery of her own soul. How could she have doubted him! 
She picked up one letter and began to read.
Dearest Harriet. How I miss you, and think of you often. The land here is wild, but I know with strength and love we can tame it.I look forward to the not too distant day when we are here together, building our home and our life...
She let out a choked cry and closed her eyes, the letter falling back to the bed. Then, resolutely, she opened them again and picked up the page.
She read every single letter, torturing herself with every loving word and gentle reproof of her own cold silence. Her throat ached with unshed tears as she read of his plans to have her join him.
If your heart has not changed, as you know mine has remained steadfast, you could travel next summer with Margaret and Rupert. I have plans for our own cabin, on the other side of the river. It would be a humble place, but we could call it our own...
The letter slipped from her fingers as tears spilled from her eyes. “Oh, Allan,” Harriet whispered. She missed him now, more than ever. “Allan, forgive me.”

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Ian had to keep his legs from shaking as he left the dark brig, blinking in the sunlight. The sailor led him down a narrow hallway and knocked on the ship master's door.
“Enter.”
“Here he is, sir.” With more of a leer than a smile, the sailor pushed Ian into Henry Moore's private chamber.
Henry sat at a desk in front of him, ink and parchment on its surface. He wore spectacles, which gave him a bookish air and eased Ian's fear slightly.
The room they were in was small but comfortable, with a sleeping berth and desk, a shelf of books with leather straps buckled over them to keep the tomes from falling out during rough weather. Maps were tacked to the walls, with even more scattered across the one table. 
“Well, Mr. Douglas.” Henry slipped off his spectacles and stared at Ian sternly. “How are you to account for yourself?”
“I'm sorry, sir. It was an accident.”
“An accident? Or simple carelessness?”
Ian flushed. “Carelessness, sir,” he whispered. “I know I should've taken more care...”
“Have you been down to the surgeon's quarters, Mr. Douglas?” 
“No, sir.”
“The sailor who was tangled in your careless rope is there presently, with a broken leg. Fortunately it was a clean break and the leg will mend. If it hadn't been, the man would've lost his leg.”
Ian blanched. “I'm sorry, sir.”
“I expect so.” Henry leaned back in his chair. “As a result, I've lost a fine sailor for the rest of this voyage. Do you think his wages should come out of your pocket?”
Ian knew a sailor earned much more than a mere ship's boy. “I... couldn't...” he began.
“No, Mr. Douglas, I'm not about to take all your wages, and then some. But I do think it is important you realize the gravity of your carelessness. None of us, not the master nor the bosun nor the merest ship's boy, can afford a moment's carelessness. As you've seen, lives depend on it. We must all work together, trust each other. I'm afraid the other men's trust in you has been sorely tested.”
“I realize that, sir.” Ian swallowed painfully. “I know I should be punished, and if you want to let me off at Boston...”
Henry chuckled, a strange, dry sound amid the present circumstances. “Ah, now there's a thought. I'm afraid, Mr. Douglas, that you aren't to get off so easily.”
Ian's face was the color of skimmed milk. “Am I to be whipped?”
“I didn't mean it that way, lad. No, what I meant is you shan't get off my ship so easily. I'm not a cruel man, though I believe in discipline. You're not happy, Mr. Douglas, are you?”
Ian stared down at his bare feet. “No, sir.”
“Ship's life not to your liking, then?”
“It's passing strange, sir. I'll get used to it, I know.”
“Perhaps your particular skills are wasted coiling ropes and such, Mr. Douglas,” Henry mused. “I'm a merchant first, and I like to see a profit. I've hired you for this voyage, and if you're causing me a loss as a ship's boy then I need to rethink your responsibilities.”
Ian shook his head, confused. “I don't understand.”
“I've a fair guess that you're not a true orphan, Mr. Douglas. You've a family back in Scotland, haven't you?”
“Yes, but...”
“Never mind what's happened between you and them. That's not for me to know. But you've some learning, I'd guess.”
“I... I had a tutor,” Ian ventured. “He taught me history, and maths and Latin. A bit of Greek too. I liked it.”
“Liked it well?”
“Well enough, sir. If I could've continued...”
Something must've happened to the family fortunes, Henry surmised. It was not a new story, what with the bad harvests and the clearances. Perhaps, though, he could give this boy a bit of hope and joy.
“We're missing a surgeon's mate on this voyage,” he told Ian. “Someone to assist him in his duties, organize the medicines, take inventory, and such. There'd be a bit of learning in it as well. My surgeon, Mr. Fingal, is a fine, learned man. Educated in America, at Harvard. You probably haven't heard of it, but it's a fine institution.” Henry smiled wryly. “Do you think you'd be interested in such a position?”
Ian could hardly believe his good fortune. Was he really to be spared a punishment, and instead receive this boon? “Oh, yes, sir,” he stammered, “that would suit me very well, I should think.”
“So do I.” Henry smiled. “I shall speak with Mr. Fingal today. Now...” he paused, and a flicker of sympathy showed in his eyes. “There is the matter of a punishment.”
“I'm still to be punished?” Ian said, his hopes sinking.
“I'm afraid that it would not be good for the crew's morale if they saw you going scot free,” Henry explained almost gently. “And not only free, but given a better position. No, they must see that carelessness is punished, whether it is caused by a ship's boy or the first mate. You see that, don't you?”
Miserably Ian nodded. Yes, he could understand why he must be punished. It was only fair, considering what he'd done. He quaked at the thought of the whip. He'd never been beaten in his life.
“Yes, I think it's the tops for you, Mr. Douglas.”
“The tops?”
“You will spend three hours this afternoon on the top masts. It's fine weather, so you might even enjoy it.”
Ian stared at him, appalled. So far he'd no reason to climb any of the masts, and the thought of having to perch precariously on the highest point of the ship filled him with numbing fear. “But I could fall!” he exclaimed, almost gabbling. “I could fall right into the sea!”
“You'll find that's unlikely,” Henry replied with a smile. “And we can secure you with a rope, of course. I've no desire to send you to your death.”
Ian nodded and squared his shoulders. He would do his best to face this with courage. Although inside he wondered if he preferred the whip. “Thank you, sir.”
“You're welcome, Mr. Douglas. Dismissed.” Henry watched him go with a half smile. He hoped that the hours spent in the tops would give the boy some much needed spine. And with a job that used his skill, perhaps he could be of some use to the ship... and to himself. Henry hoped he would not regret taking the young boy on.
He turned back to his letter, smiling slightly as the words on the page conjured his beloved's face. Dearest Margaret, he wrote. We are six days off the shores of America, and yet you are constantly in my mind...

“You can't, Harriet!” Margaret stared at her, appalled. “You can't marry him now, not when he's done this to you.” She glanced at the letters, scattered across the kitchen table. “I knew Allan would stay true.”
“I wish I'd had as much faith,” Harriet replied in a low voice. “I feel I've betrayed him as much as Andrew has me.”
“Now is not the time for self pity,” Margaret replied robustly. “You'd no choice, and how were you to know that Allan had written, when you had received no letters?”
“I shouldn't have doubted. You told me as much.”
Margaret held up a hand. “Enough! Regrets are useless now. You must think of your future.” She leaned forward, eyes anxious, her lower lip caught between her teeth. “What are you going to do?”
Harriet shrugged helplessly. “What can I do? I was fortunate when I thought I was marrying a good, honest man. The fact that it has changed...” 
“Changes everything!”
Harriet shook her head impatiently. “No, it does not, Margaret. We'd still lose Achlic Farm if I don't marry him. I don’t have the luxury of choice--”
“Or of principles?” Margaret's eyebrows rose. 
“My principles are making me save my family and sacrifice myself,” Harriet replied heatedly. “So you can cease with your high minded lectures!” She pushed away from the table, suddenly near tears. 
Ever since learning of Andrew’s betrayal, and far more painful, Allan’s faithfulness, Harriet’s mind and heart had been in torment. Her betrayal of Allan--the letter already sent and most likely received--was like a knife wound to the heart, to any last dreams she’d cherished. 
She couldn’t marry Andrew, and yet what choice did she truly have? Allan wouldn’t have her now, and there was her family to think about, in as dire straits as ever.
Her shoulders slumped and Margaret came to give her a quick hug.
“Och, Harriet, I don't mean to be lecturing you.” Margaret rested her head briefly on Harriet’s shoulder, her arms around her. “I cannot stand to see you as a martyr, throwing your life away for that conniving scoundrel.”
“Who is a conniving scoundrel?” David Campbell appeared in the kitchen doorway, leaning heavily on a cane. In the last few weeks he'd been able to leave his bed, and Harriet was relieved to see the color in his cheeks return. “And who might be throwing her life away?” He glanced at Harriet, his eyes shrewd. 
“It need not concern you, Father,” Harriet said quickly. “Margaret was speaking out of turn...”
“Was I?” Margaret's dark eyes sparkled with sudden, wry humor. “Very well. I'll leave you to tell your father about your decision.” With a swish of her skirts, she left the room.
Harriet bit her lip, wishing Margaret had not left with so provocative a statement. David sat at the table with her, one eyebrow raised. “Well, lass? Are you going to tell me about it?”
“It's nothing, Father.” 
“Your wedding is in three weeks, daughter,” David said quietly. “If something needs knowing, now's the time. There isn't much time left to change your mind.”
“I shan't change my mind.” Harriet began to gather the letters, but David took one before she could sweep them out of view.
“What's this?” He looked at the address at the top of the page: A. MacDougall, Mingarry Farm, Prince Edward Island. “I don't know much about affairs of the heart, but should a woman betrothed to one man be reading the letters of another weeks before her wedding?”
“I didn't know about them.” Then, in a rush, the story came out. Harriet was relieved to tell her father, someone impartial whose advice she’d come to see and respect as sound.
David listened quietly, without interrupting, and Harriet was relieved to have told him. She was amazed to be speaking so candidly to her father. It had certainly never happened before.
After she'd finished, David was quiet for a long time. When he finally spoke, his voice was low and even sad. “I had my doubts about you marrying Andrew Reid from the beginning. I certainly didn't want you to marry someone you didn't love. But I hoped in time...”
Impulsively Harriet asked, “Did you love Mam, Father?”
He looked up, his eyes bright. “Of course I did. I haven't been the same since she died twelve years ago.”
Harriet remembered her mother, a quiet, efficient woman whose smile was rare yet precious. She'd loved her, had been Eleanor's age when she died. But the following years of hard work and toil had dulled the memory, made her mother like a ghost who haunted the far reaches of her memory, and nothing more. 
“We had a partnership,” David continued quietly, “and that's rare. I'd like the same for all my children.”
“So would I,” Harriet whispered.
David covered her hand with his own. “Then you needn't marry him, lass. What of Allan? I always thought he’d come back to you.“
Harriet smiled wryly. “You had an odd way of showing it.”
“Perhaps I shouldn’t have been so hard, but it was out of wanting more for you. I’ve told you as much. Still, perhaps you would have been happier then, to have gone? And none of this misunderstanding would have happened.”
“I don’t know anything anymore,” Harriet said tiredly. “I cannot think of the what-ifs.’
David spread his hands wide. “If he's stayed true...”
“But I haven't!” Harriet cried, angry desperation edging her voice. “Would he even have me now? I wrote to him last autumn and told him of my decision. He's known for months...”
“Write him again, then, and explain.”
Harriet shook her head. “What of the farm? And of us? If I don't marry Andrew, we'll lose Achlic...”
“There are other ways.” A slight flush bloomed on David's cheeks. “I'll admit I'm sorely grieved to lose this farm. It's been in our family for over a century. But times are changing and I've seen worse. I've seen men torn from their homes without a shilling in their pocket, and all for the sake of sheep.” He shook his head sadly. “We're fortunate in that we may have a place to go, and a comfortable one at that.”
Harriet frowned in confusion. “Where do you mean, then?”
David's blush deepened. “Jane MacCready has offered to share her farm with us. She has a good size house and acreage, and has been hiring men to sow it. I wouldn't take an offer of charity, of course, but...” David smiled slightly. “The truth is, since Mistress MacCready has come visiting, we've become fond of one another and I'm thinking of asking her to marry me.”
Harriet stared at her father, open mouthed. She could hardly believe this turn of events, and lost in her own thoughts and worries, she'd not even noticed the romance blooming under their roof.
“So you see, lass,” David continued, “you needn't think we'll be turned out on the street. Eleanor can live with us, and enjoy the last of her childhood. Even Ian, should he return home, God willing, is welcome. Our lives will be modest, of course, but we’ll have enough. And we’ll be happy.” He smiled, and it was like a crack spreading across his face.
“I don't know what to say,” Harriet said at last. She didn’t want to admit to a faint resentment that her father had not thought to mention these plans earlier, or that they might be brewing. “It seems as if you've solved everything in one stroke. And yet...”
“You shouldn't feel you have to honor your promise to that Riddell scruff,” David said darkly. “Not after he's tricked you in such a fashion. No one would look askance if you were to walk away.”
Harriet nodded slowly, unable to voice the new fear that stole over her. If she did not marry Andrew, what would she do? Live with her father and Mistress MacCready, as a spinster and beholden to another's charity? She knew Jane MacCready's good will would most likely extend to all of the Campbells, but it still made Harriet uneasy. She had no place, no role.
She saw her life slipping away, in service to others. Harriet closed her eyes. Her father placed his large, rough hand over hers, seeming to understand a small portion of the uncertainty and confusion within her.
“May I come in?” 
Harriet’s eyes flew open. Margaret stood in the doorway, her cheeks flushed, her hands twisting her apron. “If you'll pardon my intrusion into family matters, I think I have an idea.”
“You know you're as good as family,” Harriet protested. “And,” she added with a smile, “I've never known you to keep your ideas to yourself!”
Margaret laughed in acknowledgment before pursuing her theme. “You know The Pride of Scotland sails in a month's time. Rupert and I are meant to be on it.” She took a deep breath. “I've made up my mind, though, and I shan't be going. I intend to stay here. Mrs. MacCready has said I can stay with her while I wait for Henry.”
“Margaret! What will your father say?” Harriet exclaimed, and Margaret raised her chin.
“I’ll write him a letter, of course, but I don’t see how what he says should affect me. I’m seventeen, eighteen come winter, and I’ve met a man I want to marry. Should I travel to the New Scotland, settle there, and hope Henry finds me, simply because my father says? I want to live my life now, not wait like...” She stopped suddenly, biting her lip.
“Like me?” Harriet said softly. Her voice was sad with acknowledgment of the truth. She’d waited so long already... and for what? For naught, it seemed.
“I’m sorry, Harriet,” Margaret whispered.
“I don’t blame you. If you know you want to marry Henry, and he’s asked--”
“He’s asked me to wait,” Margaret said, and thought her voice was firm, doubt lingered in her eyes. “He told me we could marry next spring, when he returns.” She bit her lip. “If he returns.”
“I’m sure he will.” Harriet said. She put a hand on Margaret’s shoulder. “Be happy, Margaret.”
“But I didn’t mean to talk about me!” Margaret shrugged Harriet’s well wishing aside with an impatient gesture. “It’s you we must discuss. Even if I stay here, there's no reason to waste a ship's passage. Rupert needs to be taken to my family. So, Harriet, why don't you go in my place? Take Rupert and find Allan. You can send a letter ahead if you like, or explain everything when you see him face to face. I know Allan, and I know he will love you still. You cannot throw away what you have with him, not for pride or fear.” Margaret let out a breath, seemingly exhausted by this long speech.
Harriet gazed at her in astonishment. The idea had never occurred to her... to go to Canada, on her own, and see Allan! Even as a thrill came over her, she nearly shuddered with fear. Go to Canada... uninvited? Unexpected? To have Allan reject her face to face?
“I couldn’t,” she said after a moment. “Not so quickly. I’d have to write first, explain...” And even then, who knew if Allan would understand... and forgive? If she were in his place, Harriet didn’t know how she would feel, or what she would be willing to accept.
“And if you write a letter, and wait for a response, it could be another year! Another year of waiting.”
“And what if he rejects me utterly?” Harriet cried. “I wouldn’t blame him! And then what would I do?”
“Come back here, or make your way in the new world,” Margaret returned stoutly.
“As a woman alone? That’s hardly possible.”
“Anything is possible--”
“You’re talking dreams!” Harriet turned away, suddenly angry. “Nonsense. It can’t be done.”
There was a moment of silence, and Harriet could feel her father and Margaret’s gazes on her, their silent reproach. Her shoulders shook with repressed tears and misery and she wrapped her arms around herself.
“Are dreams nonsense, cridhe?” David asked quietly. He laid a hand on her shoulder. “Believe, Harriet. Believe and go.” 


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

“Is this seat taken?”
Allan looked up from his pint of ale to see a small, wiry man smiling at him. He shrugged and moved aside. “No, I'm alone.”
The man sat down across from him and held out a hand. “George Simpson.”
Allan shook his hand, a bit surprised at the man's forthrightness. Most people were friendly in these parts, but he was still surprised to meet a stranger who'd go out of his way to befriend him... especially when Allan knew he didn't look as if he wanted company. He wanted to be alone with his thoughts, and his sorrows over Harriet's letter. “Allan MacDougall.” He paused, frowning. “George Simpson... that name sounds familiar. Do I know you?”
Simpson had a friendly smile, but Allan saw that his eyes remained shrewd and even cold. This was a man to be reckoned with.
“You might've heard of me,” he said. “I'm head of the Hudson's Bay Company, and I'm looking for good men.”
Allan sat back speculatively. So this was the man who'd taken over the Americas' largest business empire, a company started by adventurers that now stretched to the Pacific. He was known as the Little Emperor, and for a good reason.
“What is an important man like you doing here?” Allan asked sceptically. He'd heard in the general store how Simpson travelled with some fanfare, going from outpost to outpost simply in a birch bark canoe, yet greeted in each place with trumpets, flags, and parades.
“I'm travelling incognito,” Simpson replied. “I find it's easier when I'm recruiting.”
“Recruiting? From what I've heard, you've been letting men go.”
Simpson's smile widened. “You keep your ear to the ground, I see.”
Allan shrugged. “Storefront gossip.”
“Yes, I am letting men go, all the lazy, shiftless ones who weren't earning their wage. I'm looking now for strong men, capable men. Men without ties. Do you think you might be one of them?”
Allan paused, his mug halfway to his lips. “Why do you think that?”
“I don't, not yet. I'm merely asking.”
Allan looked away. Was it that obvious that he was alone in the world? He certainly felt it at that moment. “I'm a farmer,” he said at last.
“Most men are, till they become something else. Fur traders, explorers... adventurers.” Simpson smiled easily. “But I'm not here to pressure you. There are plenty of men to be had. I just thought you looked the type.”
“The type? For what?”
“For adventure. Someone who is willing to take a risk, but not a foolish one. I'm staying at the boarding house by the harbor tonight. If you want to talk more, I'll be there till dawn tomorrow. I rise early.” With one last fleeting smile, his manner friendly but his eyes sharp, Simpson left the table.
It was late afternoon now and Allan knew Archie would be arriving any moment. In his last letter, he'd arranged to meet at the public house, yet Allan suddenly was loath to meet his brother in that smoky room, with him hunched over his ale.
He left the house and walked along the habor, breathing in the cold, fresh air and looking for his brother. Even though it was mid April there was a bite to the air, and dark clouds loomed ominously on the horizon. 
Allan scanned the road for Archie’s rangy figure, hoping his brother would arrive soon. He didn't relish a crossing in the stormy darkness. Even though the ice had broken up some weeks ago, early spring crossings could still be dangerous.
“Allan!'
Allan turned to see Archie striding towards him, smart as ever in his uniform. His eyes were bright, his cheeks red with cold, and he was smiling widely. He clapped Allan on the shoulder before enveloping him in a quick, surprising hug. “Here you are! Ah, but I've missed you! How is Mother? And Father? To think we'll all be together again soon, and Margaret and Rupert as well, if I read Father's last letter aright.”
“They're well.” Allan gazed at his brother. Army life clearly suited Archie. He looked brimming with life and happiness. “You seem well also.”
“I am! I've found my calling, I should think. Of course, we haven't seen much action in Three Rivers. Mostly patrols, a few skirmishes with the natives. The soldiers get restless, and go looking for a fight.” Archie shrugged. “I won't talk of army affairs. It's dull work to a farmer, eh?”
“Not at all.”
“You haven't been suffering on the farm, have you?” Archie suddenly turned serious. “You know, I never meant to thwart your ambitions with my own.”
Allan stared at him for a moment. He thought he knew what Archie was feeling. Full of his own happiness, unwilling for it be tainted by past sins or regrets. He shrugged. “How could they?” he replied lightly. “Our ambitions have always been separate, as are we. Now we'd best hurry, for I don't like the look of those clouds. There's a small boat leaving within the hour.”
The clouds continued to boil on the horizon, turning darker and more menacing as a brisk, biting wind began to blow. The boat crossing to the island was indeed a small craft, and Archie didn't relish the journey.
“No.” Archie looked at the boat and shook his head. “It's not safe, that. It reminds me...” He swallowed painfully. “I put you in jeopardy once before, because of my own foolhardiness. I won't do it again. The mail packet leaves tonight. Let's share a meal together, and take it on the evening tide. We'll get back late, but it's safer.”
“I see you've changed, what with your soldiering,” Allan said after a moment. 
Archie nodded. “Aye, I have. There's enough risk involved in the Army. I won't take needless ones here.” 
“Very well, then. The public house does a good game pie.”
It was only after they'd eaten, and were returning to the harbor for the mail packet, that Allan's thoughts became clear. 
He'd listened to Archie chatter on about Army life for over an hour, had seen the new enthusiasm and zeal glowing in his eyes, and realized he no longer felt any bitterness. How could he blame Archie for his own shortcomings? No one had forced him to stay at his father’s farm, taking orders. No one had tied him to the plow, except perhaps himself. 
He’d been angry for so long, blaming Sandy, Archie, even Harriet. Now Allan realized with a sudden, piercing clarity that the only person to blame was, and had always been, himself. He should have stood up to his father long ago, or he should have left. He’d hid behind honor and duty, had let himself be led, and be miserable, waiting for a time when things might change.
Now there was nothing left to wait for.
“Ah, here it is.” Archie stopped in front of the mail packet, and turned back to Allan. Whatever he'd been planning to say died on his lips as he saw the expression on his brother's face. “Allan?”
“Go on, Archie.” Allan spoke roughly, his voice clogged with sudden, unshed tears. “Give Mother and Father my love, and tell them I'll be back one day. But for now... I have to go on my own, this time.” He clasped Archie briefly before stepping away. Archie stared at him in confusion.
“What are you talking about?” he demanded.
Allan smiled. It was easy, now the decision was made. “I'm not going with you.”

Harriet stood on the deck of The Pride of Scotland and watched as her homeland became a faint green smudge. Rupert stood next to her, his expression unexpectedly solemn. 
He'd been full of boyish excitement for this journey, yet now Harriet suspected the enormity of their departure was finally taking its toll on him... and her.
The last few weeks had been a blur of activity as she prepared for departure, packing only two small trunks of clothes and a few sentimental items. It broke her heart to leave her pianoforte behind, but she could hardly haul it all the way to the new world, especially when she didn't even know what her reception was likely to be.
Two days ago David had wed Jane MacCready in a small but joyous ceremony. Harriet had stood in the village kirk and realized with a sudden pang that her father had found love again. She was happy for him, and yet his new life with Jane made her realize all the more that there was no place for her there any longer.
There had been other farewells too... Harriet did not like to remember the look of hurt on Andrew’s face when she told him she was breaking their betrothal. Even though he'd betrayed her, she still had felt pity for the man.
“You can't do this, Harriet,” he said desperately as they stood in the drawing room of Lanymoor House. “It's such a fleeting thing, too small to matter! I'd make you a good husband, I know I would, if only you'd forgive me...”
“I'm sure you would make me a good husband, Andrew,” Harriet said gently. “But the truth of the matter is I love Allan, and I mean to find him. Now that my father is planning to marry...”
“You don't mind losing Achlic!” Andrew finished, his face twisted with bitterness. “I know you were only marrying me to keep that wretched farm.”
It was true, and Harriet had made no secret of it, but she could still understand his hurt. “Goodbye, Andrew.”
“I hope you find him,” Andrew said bitterly. “Then you'll realize what you've thrown away here.”
The other farewells had been far more poignant. Harriet had embraced Margaret, wishing her well in her wait for her sailing master. 
Eleanor, who at nearly thirteen was fast turning into a young woman, threw her arms around Harriet and clung to her, though she stoically refused to shed any tears. 
“When Allan and I are set up, I'll send for you,” Harriet promised. Even though Eleanor had not said anything, she knew that the young girl felt adrift in this new order of things. “You'll like the new world, cridhe, I'm sure of it.”
“How would you know,” Eleanor replied with a little smile, “when you've never seen it yourself!”
True enough, Harriet thought now. There were so many unknowns. As she gazed at the horizon, she could understand how sailors of old thought they would fall off the edge if they sailed too far. That was a bit how she felt... like she was falling off the edge of her known, comfortable world.
 The Pride of Scotland was a cargo ship, and Harriet and Rupert were among only a handful of passengers. When they'd boarded the ship's captain had greeted them, politely expressing only faint surprise at a young woman and boy travelling alone.
“Are you meeting someone in the new world, Miss Campbell?”
“Yes, my fiancé.” Allan was her fiancé, or the closest she had to one now, even if he didn't realize it at the moment.
“A brave man, to allow his beloved to travel so far and so long alone,” the captain commented dryly.
Harriet lifted her chin. “My fiancé is working hard to prepare for my arrival, Captain, and I assure you I am quite capable of taking care of myself.”
“Besides,” Rupert piped up, “I can look after her as well.”
The Captain glanced at thirteen year old Rupert, still scrawny, and smiled. “Yes, I can see Miss Campbell has quite the protector,” he said, the amused affection taking any sting out of his words.
How different it would have--should have been, Harriet could not help but think sadly. She'd imagined this voyage many times, but it had always been with Allan at her side, the two of them newly married and full of hope. Instead, she travelled alone, save Rupert, going towards an unknown country... and an unknown welcome. 
Rupert must have felt some of her worry, for he put his hand on her arm. “We ought to get ready for supper, Harriet. We're dining with the Captain tonight.”
Harriet smiled and ruffled his hair. “Right you are, then. Let's return below stairs.”
Since the ship was not really equipped for passengers, they were required to share one small cabin. Rupert had gallantly rigged up a blanket between the berths to provide a modicum of privacy. Still, as Harriet changed her dress and washed her face and hands, she wondered how they would manage for five or six weeks. She knew they were fortunate, far more so than most of the immigrants who journeyed to new lands and hopes in crowded, disease ridden accommodation. Still, she looked forward to when their journey would reach an end, even as she dreaded that day.
As the ship travelled on, the days seemed to blur into one another. Harriet spent most of her time walking the deck when the air was fresh, or else in their cabin reading one of the few books she'd brought. She'd also brought Allan's letters, the ones Andrew had kept from her and the ones he'd written to her back on Ardnamurchan. She treasured the words of love and promise, and reading them once more helped to buoy her hope that Allan would forgive her and love her once again when they arrived in Scotia.
Rupert grew restless with the smallness of their cabin and company, and befriended a few of the sailors who taught him how to make knots and other seafaring tricks. Watching Rupert, Harriet felt a sudden longing for Ian. It was nearly six months since he'd left on The Allegiance, and she had no idea where he had travelled or if he was well.
After nearly six weeks of sailing, they finally came in sight of land. Harriet and Rupert both stood on the deck to watch as the coast of Nova Scotia came closer, even though there was a steady drizzle. Harriet did not mind the rain which dampened her face as if with tears, and turned her hair into a mass of unruly curls beneath her bonnet. Finally--finally! They were in sight of the new world, and in reach of Allan.
Instinctively Rupert reached for Harriet's hand, and Harriet smiled down at him. Taking a deep breath, she nodded towards the rugged coastline. “Here we are, Rupert. This shall be home now, for both of us.”
It seemed to take an age for the ship to be steered into the harbor and for their trunks to be unloaded. Finally they stood on solid ground, amidst a stream of humanity, trunks piled at their feet and the strange, forbidding landscape rising up all around them. Even though Harriet was used to the formidable mountains and glens of her homeland, the dense, impenetrable forest of Nova Scotia gave her pause. How, she wondered, could anyone think they could tame this wild land?
“What should we do now, Harriet?” Rupert's voice wavered slightly, and Harriet knew he was feeling the same trepidation as she was. It was easy enough to be full of cheerful excitement on board ship, she thought wryly. Standing alone, strangers in a strange land, was something else altogether.
“Your father said he would meet the ship,” she told him. “If we don't see him in a moment or two, I expect we can find an inn or some respectable place to wait.” Although could they? Pictou didn't look to offer too much in that direction, and she had no idea how long they might be expected to wait. Sailing vessels could be days or even weeks earlier or later than their estimated arrival, and she didn’t know if Sandy would have come to Pictou already, or would be some time yet.
“What about our trunks?”
What about them, Harriet wondered. She felt helpless and ill equipped to handle even the smallest of problems. “I'm sure we could hire...”
“Rupert!” A familiar, strident voice relieved her of finishing the thought. Sandy strode towards them, and quickly enveloped Rupert in a tight hug. 
Harriet was shocked by the older man's appearance. His hair was far grayer than when he'd left two years ago, and there were deep lines etched in his face, lines of suffering and pain. The years in this new country must have been hard, she realized. Harder than perhaps any of them knew.
“It's good to see you, lad.” Sandy turned to Harriet, and his mouth dropped open in surprise. “You’ve come! We all hoped, of course, but where... where's Margaret?”
His voice was hoarse with fear and Harriet hastened to reassure him. “She's well and hale, but there were reasons for her to stay in Scotland, at least for the while.” Hesitantly Harriet held out the letter Margaret had written her parents to explain. “She wanted me to give you this, to explain.”
Sandy took the letter, unfolded it and scanned its contents quickly. When he looked up, tears sparkled in his eyes and his voice was quiet with sadness. “It's as much as any of us can ask for, to grasp what happiness we find. We've had precious little happiness for ourselves, these last few months.”
Harriet felt a sudden chill of foreboding at Sandy's words. Was there something he wasn't telling her? “And how is Betty?” she asked when she found her voice. “And Archie? And... Allan, of course. No one knows I'm coming. The time was too short...”
“We're pleased to have you here, lass, of course we are. It was I who urged Allan to write. But...”
“What? What is it?” Harriet's fists were tightly clenched, her nails biting into her palms. Had Allan married another since she'd released him? 
“There's been news, terrible news,” Sandy said, his voice choking, and he reached out to clasp Harriet's shoulder in a gesture of comfort. “Nearly two months ago now, it was.”
Harriet felt a buzzing in her ears, even as a curious numbness came over. “What--what happened two months ago?”
 “There was a storm... the mail packet went down halfway between her and Charlottetown. It was a terrible thing, so many people lost, and not one survivor.” Sandy shook his head, his eyes now bright with unshed tears, and Harriet felt dizziness sweep over in a sickening wave.
“What... what are you saying?” she asked, her voice seeming to come from far away.
“They're gone, Harriet, Rupert. My two boys are gone. Allan and Archie both drowned when the mail packet sank.”
The dizziness came again, stronger this time, and the buzzing turned to a roaring in Harriet's ears. Then the world went dark.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN

It had taken Allan two months by pony and then birch bark canoe to reach York Factory on the lower end of Hudson's Bay. It was hard work, paddling twelve hours a day, eating little more than pemmican, a form of dried deer or buffalo, and what berries, nuts and other fruits of the forest he could scavenge.
After he'd left Archie, Allan had met George Simpson at the boarding house and signed up as a fur trader, or voyageur as the French traders of the old Northwest Company called themselves.
He enjoyed the work, being alone in God's creation, seeing the landscape change from the rolling hills and forests of the coast to the dense and uninhabited forests of Upper Canada and then Rupert's Land where the mink, bear, and beaver all still roamed free and wild--and easy to be trapped. 
There was plenty of time to be alone with his thoughts, and he often found himself thinking of Harriet. Was she happy in her new life? Did she love her husband? He thought of Archie, back in Three Rivers living the life of a soldier, and his parents at Mingarry Farm. He wondered if they had been disappointed when Archie told them he was not coming back. He hoped, somehow, that they'd understood.
In his darker moments, alone in the night, the sounds of the forest around him, he wondered what future he could have. There could be no more dreams of Harriet, of the life they would build together and the family they would have. There seemed little point in returning to Prince Edward Island, toiling by his father’s side and for what?
Sometimes he entertained thoughts of going home, marrying a girl like Elizabeth Campbell, rebuilding his life from the ashes.Yet he could not face the bleak prospect, not yet. Perhaps not ever.
Perhaps he would stay a fur trader, a lone traveller going from outpost to outpost. Despite the adventure, it too was a bleak thought.
He was relieved to arrive at York Factory, trade in his furs, and be among other people for awhile, to distract him from the restless circling of his own thoughts.
York Factory was one of the Company's larger outposts, and many of the traders gathered there to get supplies before heading West or North to the more distant outposts where the animals were still plentiful. 
When Allan arrived, it was deep summer, and the outpost was hot, humid, and buzzing with mosquitoes. York Factory was built on little more than a bog, and Allan couldn't help but think it a rather unpleasant place to stay. 
Many of other voyageurs must have agreed, for tempers were running high and more than one fist fight broke out between traders in the evening.
“There's going to be trouble,” one trader, a Nor'wester, growled ominously. “And I'll be the one to start it.”
A group of voyageurs were sitting around a campfire one evening, chewing tobacco and talking in a way that Allan didn't like. He knew there was much dissension between the Hudson's Bay Company and its recently acquired Northwest Company, comprised mostly of French and Métis, or half Indian, half French, traders. 
“What can you do, alone?” another trader scoffed. “There are hundreds at Fort Douglas, and I've heard that more are coming. They're like rats! Besides, the governor stands behind all they do at the Red River settlement.”
The first trader spat on the ground. “Yes, he makes new laws to help them, and never mind the Métis and the voyageurs who were here long before. What does he expect? For us to bow and scrape and say 'oh, yes, thank you, sir'? He's asking for trouble. It's happened before... it can happen again.” There was a murmur, almost a growl, of agreement, and Allan felt the back of his neck prickle with alarm.
He turned to a trader next to him, a Frenchman from Lower Canada whom he knew slightly. “Pierre, what are they talking about there?”
“Haven't you heard?” Pierre smiled wryly, but his eyes were dark and serious. “The governor of Rupert's Land passed a new law. No one can take food out of the colony, not even pemmican.”
“But why would he do that?” Allan asked in bewilderment.
“He says to help the settlers at Red River. Food's been short, and they need the food more than we do, I suppose.”
“Is that why there is this talk of trouble?” 
Pierre shrugged. “It was a foolish idea, building a settlement this far out West. This land isn't meant for farmers, it's for the voyageurs. These farmers don't even know what they're doing. In the first year alone they had to leave the settlement and chase the buffalo to keep from starving.” He paused meaningfully. “Our buffalo.”
“But it's only one settlement... surely the traders can't expect the West to remain wild forever? The more settlers that come...”
“There's plenty of land for them in the East! They've scared most of the game away from Rupert's Land. They're saying you must travel another week by canoe to get anything now. And when more settlers arrive...” Pierre shrugged again. “Why shouldn't there be trouble? All we want is what is fair.”
Allan gripped Pierre's arm. “What kind of trouble?”
“I don't know, my friend. The Métis have burned Fort Douglas once already. The settlers fled, but they came back. They're worse than the mosquitoes! Who says it won't happen again?”
Allan was chilled. Fort Douglas was the center of the Red River settlement, bought by Lord Selkirk from the Company several years ago. He knew it was meant to be a settlement for displaced Scottish immigrants, families who'd lost their homes in the clearances. He felt sick at the thought of all those people who had lost their livelihoods once already being turned out yet again, this time with perhaps even worse violence.
“Surely an agreement can be reached. If the voyageurs can be made to see sense...”
“See sense? Why are they the ones who must see?” Pierre shook his head. He was smiling, but Allan heard the warning in his voice. “Don't get involved, my friend. This does not concern you. You are new, you are from the old world, the old order. You don't know about these things. If there is going to be trouble, then there simply is, and there is nothing you can do about it. Stay away.”
The murmur of voices around the campfire had turned even more surly, and Allan saw the anger and restlessness on many of the voyageurs' faces. He knew this was their land; they had possessed it in the name of the Company, they roamed it, and for all intents and purposes they felt they owned it as well. 
Yet he could not help but fear for the settlers who were trying to carve a life for themselves in this harsh land, and who might yet again be torn cruelly from their homes and families. 
Pierre was right... what could he, one man, one lone voice of peace among the angry tide of traders, do? Yet Allan knew if it came to the trouble the murmuring voices talked about now, he would have to do something. He would have to try.

Harriet felt a cool cloth on her forehead and cheeks, and her eyes fluttered open. She was lying down on some sort of bed, in an unfamiliar room. A woman hovered above her anxiously. “There, dear, you're coming round now. You've had a shock.”
Shock...? Then it all came back to her. Allan was dead. Harriet closed her eyes again, trying to block out the memory of Sandy's words, his grief-stricken face. 
“It'll be all right now,” the woman continued soothingly. “Let me get Mr. MacDougall for you.”
“It will never be all right,” Harriet whispered. She heard the door open and close, and struggled to a sitting position. She still felt dizzy, and there was a strange, metallic taste in her mouth. She realized it was blood. She must have knocked her mouth or bitten her tongue when she’d fallen.
“Harriet, thank Providence.” Sandy came in and looked down at her, his eyes shadowed with concern. “I shouldn't have told you in such a fashion, I ken. It's still a shock to us, and what with your travel...”
“How else were you to tell me?” Harriet took a deep breath. “Can you tell me what happened... exactly?”
Somberly Sandy nodded and sat on a stool next to the bed, his work-roughened hands lying flat on his thighs. “Archie was on leave from the Army. He'd just received his commission, but I expect Allan told you that in his letters. Allan met him in Pictou and they were to travel across together. They took the mail packet, it's a safer craft, God help us. There was a storm... often there is in April, the ice has just broken up and the weather can turn foul in an instant.” Sandy spread his hands helplessly. “The boat went down just a mile offshore. There was nothing anyone could do, and not one survivor, not in that icy water. They haven't even be able to recover the bodies, so we're denied the right to bury our dead.”
Harriet grasped his hand, her thin fingers curling around his. “I'm so sorry.”
“Their mother and I have been fair torn apart by the grief. To lose both! Good sons, each in their own way, like my own right hand, and my left as well.” Sandy shook his head. “And now you, coming all this way, thinking yourself a bride...”
Harriet closed her eyes briefly. In all her imaginings of her reception in the new world, she'd never envisioned this, or the horror and grief which now swamped her soul. “Let's not talk of it. Not now.” It was too fresh, too painful, and Harriet wanted to be alone when she finally gave vent to the grief inside her. “We must find Rupert...”
“He's being taken care of by the innkeeper's wife. Lord help him, poor boy, to lose half his family in one blow! And him not even seeing them close on two years.” Sandy held out his hand to help Harriet from the bed. “Can you travel, lass? Betty's waiting for us back at Mingarry. We can talk more then.”
Harriet barely remembered the trip to Prince Edward Island. Normally she would have been dazzled by the new sights and sounds, but her entire world seemed muted by grief. Rupert was also silent, and she could see the confusion on his face. Two years was a long time in a young boy's life, she knew, and the memory of Archie and Allan would've grown a bit faint. But there could be no denying the loss that each of them felt as they travelled on the mail packet, like the one Archie and Allan had been on, underneath a leaden sky.
Mingarry Farm looked to be a prosperous place, and Harriet admired the spacious log cabin, so different from the stone and thatch crofts back in Scotland. Betty met them on the porch, and Harriet saw the change in her as well. Her hair had gone white, and there were new lines on her forehead, lines made by grief and sorrow.
“Harriet! Lass!” Betty enveloped her in a hug even before the necessary questions were asked. “You've heard, then. I'm so sorry.”
“I'm sorry, too.” Harriet's voice came out choked. 
They went inside, and Sandy and Harriet explained why Margaret had not come. Betty nodded, understanding yet clearly disappointed to not see her daughter as expected.
“Will she marry this sea captain, then?” Betty asked. “What do you think of it, Harriet?”
“I've never met him, but Margaret has every faith in him. She truly loves him, I believe.”
“Well, I'm glad for that.” Betty shook her head. “It's a strange world now, to be sure, what with families scattered across the earth. My own daughter alone across the sea, marrying a man I've never seen! I don't know.”
“If she's happy, that's what lasts, in the end,” Sandy said. “God knows, I've learned that much when it comes to children.” Harriet heard the regret in his voice, but did not want to question its root. 
Sandy turned to her, and must have seen the unspoken questions in her eyes. “Allan wasn't happy here, lass, not like he should've been. How I hoped him to be. He came to this world with dreams of his own, and if I'd had any sense, I would've let him follow them.”
“What kind of dreams?” Harriet thought of Allan's letters. His description of life at Mingarry Farm had been full and yet, she realized, sometimes without his usual vigor and enthusiasm. Had there been something he'd not wanted to tell her?
“I couldn't even tell you,” Sandy said. “I wasn't really willing to listen.” He smiled sadly. “He wanted to make his own way, out of my reach. To build a life for the two of you.”
Tears stung Harriet's eyes as she remembered the promise Allan had given her two years ago, before he'd left. It had been just that... to create a life and home for themselves. Now it would never be.
“We'll always have regrets,” Betty said. She put her hand on Rupert's shoulder. “But we must look to the living now, to the future we can still have.” She turned to Harriet, smiling in spite of her sadness. “You must stay with us, Harriet. You're like a daughter to us, and you would have been one in truth had Allan lived. Your home is here, with us, as long as you want it.”
“Thank you. You're both so kind.” Harriet knew Allan must have never told them of her intention to marry another, and she was glad, despite her feelings of guilt... did she really deserve their sympathy, their kindness?
Over the next few weeks Harriet tried her best to settle into this new, strange life. She helped Betty with the chores around the farm. It was high summer, and a busy time. There was plenty to do in the garden, as well as picking berries, making jam, and churning butter. Harriet was thankful for the work which emptied her mind and kept her from lingering on her sadness.
In her spare moments she often took walks along the river, enjoying the wild beauty of this young country. Sometimes Rupert joined her, and they walked in companionable silence. Harriet realized that they shared something since their ship voyage, and at times like this, they  needed no words to be in perfect harmony. 
Like her, Harriet surmised, Rupert felt adrift, a stranger in a place where he should've been at home. How different it could've been for everyone if his older brothers had lived. Now all of Sandy's hopes were pinned on his young son, whom he barely knew anymore.
Dusk was gathering one night in late summer as Harriet sat on the porch, listening to the now familiar call of the whippoorwill. A bowl of peas she'd been shelling was at her feet, and she'd left it for a moment, to enjoy the sweet stillness of the evening.
Yet despite the beauty of the evening, Harriet felt a restlessness. As kind as the MacDougalls' offer of hospitality was, she did not feel at home here, without Allan. She was anchorless again, without a role or home of her own.
Her future in Scotland had seemed bleak, yet this was almost worse. She'd come to the new world with dreams that could no longer be realized in any fashion. What was she to do?
“Make new ones,” Harriet said softly. She leaned her head against the back of the rocking chairs. New ones... if only she knew how.

Ian perched in the tops, the warm Caribbean breeze brushing his face, and closed his eyes in perfect contentment. It seemed hard to believe that a few months ago he'd climbed to these topmost masts, his legs shaking with fear. Now he silently thanked Henry Moore for his so-called punishment, for the hours alone there had begun a transformation in him. 
At first, the sheer terror of the experience had left his mind numb, unable to do anything but concentrate on not tumbling to the waves below. Then gradually he had relaxed, and he’d begun to admire the view of endless ocean stretching in every direction. 
He’d also had time to think, to acknowledge honestly the mistakes he'd made, both on the ship and before he’d boarded it. 
He knew Captain Moore was giving him a second chance. Many ship masters would have turned him out in Boston with little or no pay, and left him to fend for himself. Henry Moore had given him an opportunity to better himself, and Ian intended to prove to him that his trust was not misplaced.
Since then, he'd applied himself diligently to the task of surgeon's mate. William Fingal was at first meeting a taciturn man whose face seemed set in lines of stern disapproval. But with time, Ian had got to know the man underneath, and he appreciated the rare flashes of dry humor, as well as commitment to the task at hand.
Since The Allegiance was not a navy vessel, the job of surgeon was not always terribly exciting. Most merchant vessels didn’t even have a surgeon on board, but Fingal was a personal friend of the Captain’s, and Ian got the sense there was more to the story behind his position as surgeon than he yet knew.
Between the odd broken limb, injuries from scuffles between sailors, as well as the bouts of typhus and influenza, there was still plenty of time for learning and discussion. Mr. Fingal seemed to take pleasure in teaching Ian from his precious collection of books, and Ian enjoyed learning.
Still, an unease filled him at odd moments, when he remembered Achlic Farm and his family back in Scotland. Where were they, he wondered. Had they been turned out on the street, and all because of his foolish, yet costly, mistake? The thought, and the memory of his foolhardiness, still could make his face burn with shame. 
He'd sworn he would not return to Scotland till he could make good the money he had lost. It was a vow he did not take lightly. Yet as surgeon's mate, Ian knew he would never save enough to pay even a fraction for Achlic Farm, or any other property. The problem gnawed at him. He was nearly seventeen years old, yet with little more than pennies to his name. How could he make his old wrongs right, and win back the dignity and livelihood of his family?
“What do you think to young Ian, then?” Henry sipped his port, smiling over the rim of his glass. He and William Fingal were sharing a glass of port and a rare quiet moment in Henry's private quarters. Outside the porthole, Henry could see the Caribbean sun setting over a tranquil sea, turning the azure waters into a rainbow of flames.
“He's a good lad.” William nodded briskly, his mouth twitching, which Henry knew was as close as the man usually got to smiling. If they hadn't met at Harvard, and grown as close as brothers during their years there, Henry often wondered if they would have ever become friends. William was a quiet man, but deep. It'd taken a long time to get to know him, but Henry would now trust him with his life.
“What do you think of his prospects?” he pressed.
William raised his eyebrows. “Prospects? You seem to take a keen interest in the boy. I wasn't the only person aboard ship surprised to see you keeping him on at Boston. He was useless as a ship's boy, you know. Half the sailors still don't have the time of day for him, but the others are coming round. The ones who've been in sick bay, at any rate!”
“He's good at medicine, you mean?”
William shrugged. “He has a quick mind, no question. And he's always anticipating my every request. It's rare to find a mate who can hand me the herb I need before the words have left my lips!” He smiled, a true smile that took Henry by surprise. “Yes, he's good at medicine. In time, perhaps, he'd make a fine doctor even.”
“Interesting.” Henry swirled the liquid in his glass, lost in his thoughts.
“What ties do you have to the boy, Henry?” William asked bluntly. “It's not like you to take a foundling under your wing, generous as you are.”
“I don't know.” Henry smiled ruefully. “It went against my better judgment to hire him as ship's boy at all. I had a suspicion he'd be little more than useless. But...” he paused, reflecting. “There was something about him that made me think he was worth saving. An educated boy, obviously from a well-off family, out on his own? Why?” He shook his head. “Mr. Douglas, if that is his name, still hasn't given me any answers to that particular riddle.”
“Yet why should you care? There are thirty sailors on your ship, and half a dozen ship's boys.”
“I tell you, I don't know, William. But I like the boy.” Henry set down his glass. “This spring I'm returning to Boston to visit my family before I head back to Scotland.” And to Margaret, he added silently. “I think I'll introduce Mr. Douglas to some mutual acquaintances... if you really do think he's as clever a lad as you say.”
“Do you mean medical school?” William asked in surprise.
“Why not? The world, and the world's ships, could use more fine doctors like yourself.”
William shook his head, smiling slightly. “Flattery, Henry, and nothing more. But yes, he is as clever as I say. I think Mr. Douglas will do very well at medical school, and he should thank the Fates or Providence, or both, for your hand in his welfare.”

Pictou harbor sparkled in the late morning sunshine as Harriet and Rupert disembarked from the mail packet. 
“A bit different since last time,” Harriet remarked softly and Rupert nodded. The last three months had been hard for both of them, working through their grief even as they learned to live in this new land. 
When Sandy had mentioned wanting to go to the mainland for the mail and a few supplies, Harriet had leapt at the chance to do the errands herself. She suddenly longed for a bit of freedom, an escape from the pleasant drudgery of life on the farm. With Rupert acting as her chaperone--or her as his--it seemed perfectly respectable to make the short journey across.
The mercantile was busy with people trading and buying as Harriet browsed among the goods. She fingered a length of green muslin, thinking how pleasant it would be to have a new dress, and yet at the same time wondering what good a new dress would do her.
She needed to stop thinking this way, she berated herself, not for the first time. For better or for worse, this was her life now.
“Quite busy today,” she commented to the shopkeeper as she handed him her list of supplies. 
He nodded briskly. “A ship arrived yesterday, from Scotland. It's full of settlers heading for Selkirk, and they want to get their supplies for the trip. Isn't easy, going that far.”
“Selkirk? Is that a new settlement?”
“Out West. Lord Selkirk bought up land from the Hudson's Bay Company for Scottish settlers. They've been there for a few years now, but as far as I can see it hasn't been an easy time. This new batch is heading out in another few days, hoping to make a go of it.” The shopkeeper shook his head doubtfully. “God bless them, at any rate.”
“All Scottish settlers?” Harriet was intrigued in spite of herself. “And they're travelling together?”
“Yes, by boat first up the river to the bay, to York Factory. From there they can sail down the Red River to the settlement. Fort Douglas, I think it's called.” The shopkeeper turned to her list. “I'll just fill this order for you, Miss.”
 Harriet glanced at a young woman and her husband next to her in the shop. They were looking around them with wide eyes, and she wondered if they were newly arrived, and headed for Red River. Their conversation soon confirmed it, and even though Harriet suspected she was being inquisitive to the point of rude, she approached them.
“Pardon me, are you part of the new Selkirk settlement?”
They turned to her with eager, friendly smiles. “Yes, we've just arrived. Are you joining the travelling party?”
“No... that is...” Flustered, Harriet found herself stumbling over her words. “Are others joining here in Pictou? Is it... is it possible for others to accompany the group from the ship?”
The woman frowned in thought, but Harriet could see the man looking at her with some suspicion. “Naturally we'd welcome Scottish men and their families,” he said. “Are you travelling with your husband?”
Harriet flushed. “No, I'm alone.”
“Alone?” The man shook his head. “I hardly think a woman alone would attempt such travel. Come, Emily.” He drew his wife away, frowning, and Harriet's heart sank. The impossibility of her position as a single woman in the new world was heavy inside her.
“I have everything ready for you, miss.” The shopkeeper returned with her supplies. Harriet settled the bill, and with Rupert at her side walked out into the sunshine.
“Harriet, why did you ask about that Selkirk place?” 
Harriet turned to Rupert, surprised to see him looking so distressed. “I was just curious.”
“No, you weren't. You're thinking of leaving, aren't you?”
Harriet sighed, wishing the boy were not so astute. “Perhaps I was, for a brief moment, but I can see it's a foolish dream, Rupert. Madness, more like! I can hardly travel alone, unchaperoned, and without supplies or money. Besides, what would I do when I arrived, with nothing to my name, no home, no family?” Harriet shook her head, feeling more hopeless than ever. 
Allan had once spoken of the many opportunities of the new world, but there seemed few for a woman alone. Was she destined to spend her life with the MacDougalls, an unhappy spinster?
“Why don't you like it at Mingarry?” Rupert asked, his voice small. “Don't you like us?”
Impulsively Harriet put an arm around Rupert's shoulders. “Of course I do, Rupert. You're family to me, you know that. It's just...” she shrugged helplessly. “It's not really my place to be there, not without Allan. I feel a misfit.”
“You could marry someone else. Mother said Thomas Anderson was sweet on you.”
“Rupert!” Harriet shot him an admonishing look. “I know no such thing, and anyway, I'm not looking to marry right now.” She'd suspected their neighbour had an affection for her, but her own heart could not be rekindled from the ashes. 
Still, she supposed Rupert had a point, in his own way. There was no reason why she shouldn't settle on Prince Edward Island, marry and have a family and home of her own. Why then, she wondered, did she feel so displaced? Would the restlessness that plagued her ever go away?
“I don't want you to go,” Rupert said quietly. “Everybody goes away.”
Harriet hugged him again. She didn't want to make false promises of staying, yet she could hardly see an alternative. “It won't always be that way.”
Rupert gazed up at her with a wisdom that belied his years. “Won't it?”
“Are you the young woman from the mercantile?” A woman stood in front of them, sandy haired and businesslike. Harriet stopped in surprise.
“Which woman do you mean?”
“Asking about the Selkirk settlement. I overheard a bit, and it sounded like you wanted to join the travelling party.”
“I was only curious,” Harriet hastened to explain. “It seems such a... an adventure.” She knew her words sounded feeble, but she was disconcerted by this woman's forthright manner.
“Curious, eh?” The woman gave her a very direct look. “Lord knows a woman can't travel alone, and I heard you were alone.”
“If you mean I'm unmarried, that's true,” Harriet replied stiffly.
“Don't get starchy with me,” the woman said with a dry laugh. “I'm speaking plainly because I'm alone as well.” She stuck out her hand, and Harriet shook it. “Katherine Donald. My husband died on the voyage across. Typhoid. I've got my supplies and a place in the settlement, but I can tell there are folks here who frown upon a woman travelling alone. Think she'll be trouble.”
“I'm sorry for your loss,” Harriet said uncertainly.
The woman shook her head. “Never mind that. I have a proposition for you. You haven't supplies, or a place to go to. I don't have a companion, that is, an appropriate chaperone. I'll share my supplies and cabin with you if you agree to travel as my companion, make me respectable, as it were, although that's one thing I've always been.”
Harriet stared at her, her mind whirling. “What are you asking me?”
The woman laughed again, although her face was serious. “Isn't it plain enough? I'm asking you to come to Red River with me.”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Harriet slapped absently at a mosquito as she hung up another petticoat on the makeshift clothesline. It would take ages for the clothes to dry in this damp weather, she knew, but there was no help for it. 
For the last few weeks, ever since they'd arrived at York Factory, they'd been living in crowded conditions, in a veritable swamp. Although the land around Hudson’s Bay was frozen for most of the year, in the middle of August it was surprisingly humid and hot. With diseases like typhoid and dysentery breeding, damp clothes were hardly a worry.
The last two months had been a blur of travel. When Katherine Donald had asked her to be her travelling companion, Harriet had not known what to answer.
“I need some time to think,” she'd stammered in the face of Katherine's beady eyed determination.
“I can give you five minutes. Because we're leaving tomorrow, and if you can't go, I'll have to try and find someone else.”
“Surely a widow travelling alone is respectable enough?” Harriet had protested weakly, her mind whirling. “Many women have lost husbands on the sea journey, I'm sure.”
“The Selkirk settlement is a close group,” Katherine replied shortly. “They have their reasons.”
Harriet had a feeling the older woman was not telling her something, but she could hardly demand answers now.
“Well?” Katherine continued. “You were asking about going, weren't you?” She glanced at Rupert. “Is this your brother? Do you have ties here, is that it?”
Rupert was staring at her with wide eyes, and Harriet was dry mouthed. “He's not my brother,” she said quietly, “but as close as.” She put her hand on Rupert's shoulder, her heart suddenly heavy. She couldn't leave Rupert, not when he'd begged her to stay. No matter where she was, in Scotland or the new world, she had obligations. “I thank you kindly for your offer, Mrs. Donald, but--”
“You should go.” Rupert's voice was barely a whisper. 
Harriet stared at him in surprise. “What are you saying, Rupert?”
“Harriet, this is your chance, don't you see?” Rupert smiled sadly. “You're not happy with us, don't pretend. You said so yourself. You sacrificed your own happiness once for your family. Don't do it again.”
Harriet was amazed and touched by Rupert's understanding, especially for a boy his age. The recent months had taken the last vestiges of his childhood from him, she saw afresh.
“I'd do it, twice more, if need be,” she told him quietly. “Are you sure, Rupert? Do you mean what you say?”
Wordlessly he nodded.
Tears pricked her eyes. Perhaps this was what she needed to do. Her heart beat wildly at the thought of it. To start yet again, in a new place? To travel even further from her family in Scotland? And yet... there was no hope here, she realized, no hope to build a life for herself. All her dreams had turned to ashes. Ashes and dust. There would be no rekindling them.
She needed to move on, find her own place. Her own life... her own dreams, new ones. She turned to Katherine Donald. “All right then, I'll go.”
Harriet didn't like to remember Sandy and Betty's faces when she'd told them she was leaving. She knew that her arrival had somehow blunted the loss of Archie and Allan, and now her leaving was like a betrayal. 
“We won't ask you to stay,” Sandy said sadly. “I can see you've made up your mind, and I'll respect that. That's one thing I've learned, even if it came too late for my own sons.”
Harriet embraced them warmly. “I'll write from Fort Douglas. I don't know how long letters take, but surely there will be fur traders and merchants going East?”
“It's a wild place out there, Harriet,” Betty said anxiously. “Even more wild and harsh than here, if that can be believed. I know you want to go, but do take care. You're like a daughter to us, and we couldn't bear to lose you.”
“I'll take care,” Harriet promised. 
The ship's journey from Pictou to York Factory was crowded and uncomfortable, although Harriet had enjoyed getting to know some of her fellow travellers. There were few young women, and the ones she met were married, but eager for friends of a similar age. 
Yet, strangely, Harriet felt as if she were far older than these girls who clung to dreams she'd already given up. Small enough dreams, of a husband and children, a cabin and small farm in this new land, yet Harriet knew the life she'd once imagined for herself was gone forever.
She found she liked Katherine Donald, with her frank, almost brusque way of speaking and her honest eyes. She had a kind heart, Harriet decided, although Katherine would most likely prefer that no one know it.
“These cursed mosquitoes.” Katherine stood before her, surveying the clothesline, hands on hips. “We've been here a week already, and no word about when we're to move out. I don't know what Fort Douglas will be like, but it has to be better than this!”
Harriet silently agreed. York Factory was one of the Hudson Bay Company's fur trading posts, and its importance in the region had helped it to grow into a strange city of sorts, with a blacksmith, mercantile, and church, as well as the barns for storing fur, the barracks, and the shanties and makeshift dwellings which had sprung up around the main buildings. 
Still, it was not a settlement of any sorts, not the kind Harriet had envisioned when they’d sailed round the bay, at any rate. It was a trading post, a temporary holding place for both people and goods, and nothing more.
With an additional shipload of immigrants staying at the fort, it was also crowded and unpleasant.
“There's ill feeling here,” Katherine said quietly. “Have you sensed it?”
“I think so.” Harriet spoke quietly as well, for you never knew who might be listening. The grubby voyageurs with their rough ways and strange patois as well as the stony-faced Métis made her uneasy. So much here was so very unfamiliar.
York Factory housed a motley crew... English soldiers, French fur traders, Métis or half Indians, and now Scottish settlers. She supposed there was bound to be some tension between all the different groups vying for food and space. “I expect the crowd and heat add to it,” she said with a small smile, but Katherine shook her head.
“Perhaps, but I don't mean just that. Lord knows we've had enough of that since we left Scotland. No, I'm talking about something worse.” She lowered her voice even more. “The fur traders, the Frenchmen and the Indians, have been rumbling about something. They're not happy with us, I can tell you that. Only this morning I saw one of them shove Mr. Ferry.” David Ferry was one of the leaders of the group. “He made it out like an accident, but I daresay it wasn't.”
“How do you know?” Harriet was sceptical. “Surely he wouldn't dare start a brawl, with soldiers around!”
“Don't be naive,” Katherine said brusquely. “The traders want to start something, only I'm not sure what it is. You know the settlement was burned by them once before. I suppose it could happen again, God help us.”
Harriet’s hands rested on the damp apron she’d been hanging. A prickle of unease ran through her like a shiver. “But that was a long time ago,” she said, “when the settlement had just started. Surely now that it's bigger and more fortified, they wouldn't dare.” Even though she’d been warned of the dangers of heading West, Harriet realized she hadn’t fully believed them. She supposed she’d thought life had already given her its worst, yet now she wondered if that true.
“All the more reason to dare,” Katherine said darkly. “Prosperity breeds resentment faster than these cursed mosquitoes.” She slapped at her neck, and Harriet managed a small smile.
 “Governor Semple assured us it was safe. The new laws...”
“The new laws are what started this,” Katherine cut her off. “Semple thinks he can come down hard on these savages, and that will be the end of it. But they've shown they're made of something tougher. I just hope we leave for Fort Douglas before long. At least there are no fur traders or Métis there, and the walls are thick and strong. Staying here, we might as well take up residence in a powder keg.”
With a grimace, Katherine walked away, and Harriet returned to hanging clothes. A group of traders loitered near her, the brims of their hats pulled low over their faces, their chins covered by bushy beards. 
Their clothes reeked of sweat and animal, and their expressions were surly. Harriet studiously avoided looking at them. She’d already heard warnings about some of the traders’ rough behaviour, especially with women. Even if it was so much unfriendly hearsay, she didn’t dare put it to the test.
The governor must have agreed with Katherine’s assessment, for that evening an announcement was made that they would be heading for Fort Douglas in two days. The journey would take several weeks, in boats down the Red River. 
“Finally we're to go,” Moira Ferry, a young girl of eighteen who had made friends with Harriet, met with her over the washing up. “I'm tired of living like a gypsy. Father says in Fort Douglas we'll have our own farm, and a cabin with two bedrooms and wood floors.” She smiled almost dreamily, and Harriet smiled back.
“It's something to look forward to, isn't it,” she agreed quietly.
“What about you?” Moira glanced at her curiously. “I know you're companion to Mrs. Donald, but what about when we arrive at the settlement? Will you go your separate ways?”
“We shall keep house together, for the time being.” Katherine had offered Harriet room in her cabin, as long as she helped with the housekeeping and chores. 
“What if you marry?” Moira asked. “You're young enough. Surely you want a husband and family of your own?”
Harriet shrugged. “I can't imagine it,” she said slowly. “Not anymore.” 
“Can't imagine it! Why, you're daft! It's all I think about, truly.” Moira smiled. “Father wanted me to marry back in Scotland, a boy from home. But I didn't love him. I'd fancy marrying a soldier, they look so grand in their uniforms. But then, they're off fighting all the time, aren't they? I daresay I wouldn't like that.” She paused, a becoming wrinkle appearing on her normally smooth forehead. “Not anymore, you said? Why, did something happen?”
“My fiancé died,” Harriet explained. She was glad she could talk about it in an even voice. “He was lost at sea.”
Moira’s eyes widened and her hand flew to her throat. “Oh, how tragic! But you can meet another, surely? There are so many men here, plenty of bachelors...”
Harriet couldn’t help but laugh. “Thank you for the encouragement, Moira, but I’m not quite ready to look for a husband yet.”
Moira’s eyes sparkled with challenge and mischief. “Well, when you are...”
Harriet held up a hand. “Oh, very well!” But she couldn’t imagine when that time would come.
The night air brought a cool breeze, and some relief from the humidity and mosquitoes. There was even a promise of autumn in the air, now that it was mid August. It was hard to believe in another two months or so, most of this would be a frozen wasteland. Harriet pulled her shawl around her shoulders. Tomorrow they would start for Red River. Tomorrow, her new life would begin.

Allan could feel the temperature rising among the fur traders, and it wasn't simply because of the unexpected heat wave. Ever since the settlers bound for Red River had arrived at York Factory, the surly grumblings among the Métis had grown louder and more threatening. Allan had been planning to leave the trading post himself over a week ago, but he found himself staying and waiting... although waiting for what, he could not say.
“Still here, my friend?” Pierre's voice was amused, although his eyes looked hard. “It's best for you to leave, perhaps.”
“Why do you say that?” Allan asked quietly.
“We don't want trouble,” Pierre replied, his voice soft. “I see in your eyes that you think we do. You feel for these poor settlers, no? They are Scottish, like you.”
Allan shrugged. “I'm on the side of justice,” he said after a moment, although he knew that wasn't really an answer. If he were honest, he could see both sides of the conflict.
“Then tell me, where is the justice in this? The Métis have been trading pemmican for decades. There was a proclamation stating they could do so sixty years ago! And yet now your governor...”
“He's not my governor,” Allan corrected.
“Fair enough. Governor Semple now makes this law, saying no one can trade pemmican? It must all go to your poor, pale-faced settlers, because they are too stupid to find food for themselves!”
“I know it's unjust, but what will fighting do?”
“It's Semple who wants to fight,” Pierre replied. “And some of your settlers are itching for a fight as well. They are already going on missions to drive the buffalo farther away. They think that will get rid of us all, the Métis and the traders.”
“Why are you still here, then?” Allan asked. “If there's to be no fighting, why haven't you and the other traders gone out for fur?”
Pierre shrugged. “There's talk,” he said evasively. “Grant says something may happen soon.”
Allan had heard of Cuthbert Grant, a half-Métis trader and an unofficial leader of the discontented group. “Something may happen?” he repeated. “What do you mean?”
“We will take matters into our own hands,” Pierre said quietly. “And that is enough for you to know.”
Allan shook his head. “I pray it won't come to a fight, for the sake of the settlers, as well as yours and mine.”
Pierre's smile was cold. “Pray for them, Allan,” he replied, “for the Métis are excellent marksmen.”
Allan's thoughts were troubled as he shared his dinner with a few other fur traders. Should he go about his own business, he wondered. If it came to fighting, there was little he could do. He'd seen Semple, an assured and confident man who ran to swagger and bluster. Semple wasn't likely to take advice from a man like him, and none of the settlers would, either. He'd heard the latest group of settlers were leaving for Red River on the morrow, and he was glad, for their own sake.
Eager to take his mind off these troublesome thoughts, Allan turned to a trader he didn't recognize. “You're new here, I think. Where do you hail from?”
“Pictou. Just arrived today,” the young man replied.
“Pictou! I'm from the island. Do you have any news from there?” Allan asked.
The man shook his head. “Nothing, really. Nothing good, at any rate. There'd been a ship had lost right I  left, although that was a few months ago now.”
“A ship lost?” It was common enough, yet Allan felt a strange chill of foreboding, as if he were going to hear something he'd much rather not face. “What ship? When?”
“Back in April,” the trader replied. “It was the first ship out to the island that spring, the mail packet.”
“Was anyone lost?” Allan's voice was almost a whisper. That was Archie's boat, the boat he should have gone on as well.
The trader shook his head sorrowfully. “Terrible, it was. All souls lost, not one saved.”
Allan grabbed the trader’s arm. “Are you sure?” he asked, his voice sharp with fear. “The first packet in April? To Charlottetown?”
The man jerked his arm away, affronted. “Of course I’m sure. A friend of mine was on that boat!”
Allan sank back, dazed. Archie was dead.
“Did you know someone?” the man asked, his voice quiet.
Allan nodded. When he spoke, his voice sounded hollow. “My brother. I left right before it sailed. I never knew.” All these months, Archie had been dead, and he’d never known. All these months his parents had been grieving... grieving, he realized with numbing shock, for him as well.
As far as his parents knew, he’d been lost on that ship as well. 


Ian stared out the window at the stately houses of Beacon Hill, and shook his head slightly in disbelief. He could hardly believe he was here, in this elegant parlor, in one of the best houses in Boston.
Henry Moore clapped him on the shoulder. “Have you enjoyed your stay then, Ian?”
“Have I!” Ian laughed. “You must know it's been like some kind of dream.” The Allegiance had remained in port for several weeks being outfitted for another run to the Caribbean over winter. During that time, Henry had offered Ian a place to stay at his parents' house. It was unexpected, for Ian hadn't realized he commanded a place in Henry's affections more than any other sailor on board ship, although he knew Henry had been kind in giving him the position of surgeon's mate.
Yet now he realized Henry had an almost fatherly affection for him, both tough and kind, and he was grateful for it. The last few weeks had been like pages from a fairy tale, with visits to museums and the opera, walks in the gardens, and afternoon tea in the parlor. Ian had felt like gentry, an honored guest rather than a poor farmer's son out of his depth. He'd loved every minute of it.
“I've been to the ship, and it will be ready to sail in another two days,” Henry said.
“I'll be sorry to leave, although of course it shall be good to be at work once more.”
“Yes... I've been thinking about that. Why don't you sit down, Ian?”
Surprised, Ian sat in one of the wing back chairs, and Henry took the other across from him. “I've been talking to Fingal, and he thinks you show great promise as a medical man.”
“Really?” A thrill ran through Ian at being praised. “I do enjoy it, sir.”
“Fingal and I are old friends, you know,” Henry said. “We were at Harvard together. Fingal could've had any hospital job, he was that talented.” Henry was silent for a moment. “Then his wife died, very young. A carriage accident. They'd only been married a few months.” He paused and looked at Ian directly. “It affected Fingal very deeply... his hands began to shake.”
Ian flinched, for he knew that shaky hands would be the death knell of any hopeful surgeon's career.
“I took him on as surgeon. Not many merchant ships have surgeons, you know, but I wanted to help Fingal and I've seen too many ship accidents turn nasty to not want the precaution of a medical man on board. As you've seen, he can control the shaking.” Henry sighed and ran his hands through his hair. “The reason I'm telling you this is because you can see now that Fingal isn't any old hack with a rusty blade, and if he thinks you have promise, then you must have.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“Do you think you'd like to go to medical school?”
Ian stared at him, his mouth agape. Henry chuckled. “I can see it's never crossed your mind. Well, I look at it like this. You've promise, and you've no one to vouch for you at present. I know you must have family back in Scotland, and something must've happened to make you run far and fast, but I won't pry into your affairs. Fingal's offered to write you a letter of recommendation to Harvard Medical School. Now, here is your choice. You can sail with me in two days, or you can stay here, in my parents' house, and prepare for medical school, if you're interested and Harvard accepts you. Obviously they'll be things to work out... tuition and so forth. My parents, however, have taken a liking to you, and they're perfectly agreeable to have you stay until you can find lodgings of your own.”
“Stay... here?” Ian struggled to take in all that Henry was offering.
“I know it's a lot to think about. You have two days.” Henry rose from his chair. “Now, I have work to do. Let me know when you reach a decision.”
The next two days passed in a welter of confusion. Although Ian inwardly leapt at the chance to better himself, he had a strange feeling about starting a new chapter in his life, here in America. It was as if he would be alienating himself even more from his family, his roots... yet how was that possible? He'd made the decision which had taken him from home months ago.
The afternoon before The Allegiance sailed, Ian walked slowly through the Moores' garden, trying to reach a decision. 
“May I walk with you?”
He looked up to see Isobel, Henry's younger sister, smiling at him. She was a pretty, dark haired girl, and she looked as fresh as a rose in her white dress.
“Of course. I apologize for my rudeness. My mind was elsewhere, and I didn't see you there.”
Isobel smiled shyly. “You did look lost in thought. Are you considering whether to stay or not? Papa says you might go to medical school.”
“Perhaps.” Ian smiled awkwardly. “I'd like to, it's such an opportunity, but I'm worried about my family back in Scotland. I... left abruptly and it would be a long time to be away.”
“You could write them, couldn't you? Henry could take it when he returns in the spring. He's going to marry, you know. He's met a Scottish girl he loves.” Isobel smiled almost dreamily.
“I didn't know.”
“It would be a good opportunity for you, wouldn't it?” Isobel continued seriously. “You mustn't waste it. Henry says wasting opportunities is a worse sin than not creating them in the first place... whatever that means.”
“No,” Ian said slowly, “I mustn't waste it.” He turned to smile at Isobel, and found himself blushing. She was so pretty and charming, he felt like a clumsy oaf next to her. Still, he managed to find his tongue. “Thank you, Miss Moore. You've helped me.”
Isobel nodded. “I'm glad,” she said simply.
Later that afternoon Ian told Henry his decision.
“Good.” Henry nodded briskly. “I was hoping you'd stay. I've become fond of you, Ian, and I like to see you come to something more than a common sailor. You've a good head on your shoulders. With any luck, you'll gain entrance to Harvard and win a scholarship besides.”
Ian swallowed nervously. Henry had mentioned tuition, and then there was the question of lodgings. How much did medical school cost? He'd no idea, or where he would get the funds. His wages as surgeon's mate wouldn't go far. Perhaps he could get a job in Boston, although doing what he'd no idea. Despite Henry's patronage, there had to be a thousand obstacles in his path to success, and he didn't even know what they were.
“Thank you,” he said to Henry, “for giving me this opportunity. It's more than I ever dreamed of.”
“I'm happy to do it.” Henry shook his hand. “Just make the most of it, that's all I ask.”
 “Will you deliver this letter to my family?” Ian asked, holding out a sealed paper. “I want them to know where I am.”
“Good.” Henry took the letter. “It's time you wrote them. No matter what happened back in Scotland, they'll be worried for you.”
“I know,” Ian agreed quietly. “It's for Harriet Campbell. I’d send it directly to Achlic, but that’s gone by now. I don’t know where any of them are.” He smiled bleakly. “You can leave it in care of Margaret MacDougall, with the MacDougalls' shipping agent in Tobermory.”
A look of amazement crossed Henry's face. “Wait a moment...” He glanced at the address on the letter and looked up at Ian. “You know Margaret?”

The settlers had left York Factory several weeks ago, but the rumblings among the traders did not stop. Allan could hardly blame them at times. Governor Semple's attitude towards them was one of a parent thinking he could restrain an unruly child. It seemed less and less likely that a conflict could be avoided.
“Have you heard?” Pierre's voice was grim. “Semple ordered Fort Gibraltar to be burned.”
“Burned! Why?”
Pierre shrugged. “Who knows? He thought he'd teach us a lesson, I suppose. But he hasn't heard the last of us, I can promise you that.”
“What are you going to do?” Allan asked.
“Never mind.” Pierre's expression softened, and he laid a hand on Allan's am. “It's best for you to stay out of this, Allan. You do know that? I mean it for your own sake.”
“Thank you.” Allan was grateful for the warning, but he had no intention of leaving things there. It didn't take long to find out what was going to happen. Cuthbert Grant was organising a party to take some pemmican to Fort Bas de la Riveriere. It was an illegal act, since Semple had decreed no food leave the colony's lands. Even so, Allan suspected it was a pretext for the real agenda... a showdown with the governor, who had left York Factory for Fort Douglas.
By keeping his head down and asking few questions, Allan managed to attach himself to Grant's party. He tried to avoid Pierre, whom he knew might be angry at seeing him there. 
He wasn't even sure what he hoped to accomplish by accompanying the traders. What could one man do, after all? And in his heart, he didn't even know which side he was on. 
Something in him had hardened since he'd heard of Archie's death. There was too much hardship in this harsh land to add useless bloodshed to it. Hadn’t Archie himself vowed to risk no man’s life again?
If there was something--anything--he could do to prevent even one small part of the brewing calamity, Allan resolved, then he would do it.
They travelled for several days, skirting Fort Douglas on the way to Fort Bas de la Riveriere. Allan heard from others that Grant had seized the pemmican from a shipment belonging to the settlers. Even though he knew this was little more than thievery, Allan listened to the Métis at night and found he could understand their anger.
“What does the governor want?” one man demanded. “Does he think we can live on air?”
“He would starve us, happily, as would all the other settlers,” another answered. “As far as they can see, it is their land now. We are but an annoyance, a fly to be swatted away, and so they make new laws to do their swatting.”
“We'll see what happens to their new laws!”
Allan didn't participate in these conversations. He didn't know what he would say, or whose side he would take. It was confusing, at the least, he knew, and at the worst it was very dangerous.
It was several days into the journey when Pierre accosted him. “What are you doing here? You know you're not a part of this, and if you are thinking to sabotage our efforts...”
“I would never do that,” Allan said quietly. “As long as you're not planning any bloodshed, that is.”
“It is Semple who wants bloodshed! I mean it, Allan, stay out of this!” Pierre stalked off angrily, and Allan was left with the uneasy feeling that he'd made an enemy out of his old friend. 
“Semple and his men are riding out from Fort Douglas,” Grant announced that evening with grim satisfaction. “We will meet tomorrow at Seven Oaks... he says he is willing to talk.”
Allan barely slept that night. From his bed roll he heard low, muttering voices, and knew Grant and his closest men were discussing tomorrow's meeting at Seven Oaks, an area on the west bank of Red River distinguished by the large oak trees that spread their boughs the water. 
He strained to make out their words, but could hear nothing beyond the ominous mutterings. He closed his eyes, wondering what tomorrow would bring and praying for safety for all... and deliverance.
The air was cool, with a nip of frost, even though the sun shone on the hill where the meeting between Semple and Grant was to take place. Allan saw that Semple and his man were huddled on one side, with Semple out front on his horse. Grant had gathered his men some yards away, also in a huddle.
Allan suppressed the sudden, wild urge to laugh. It almost looked as if they were two teams, lining up for sport, rather than this deadly game of negotiation. 
“What do you have to say for yourself, then, Semple?” Grant shouted. “Are you going to be fair, and give us what we deserve?”
“What you lot deserve,” Semple replied clearly in his American twang, “is to be disciplined like unruly children. I've made the law, and if you don't obey it, then the punishment will fall on your heads.”
“The law is a punishment!” someone from Grant's side shouted. “You act like God, without any thought of justice.”
Semple was coldly unruffled. “Be that as it may, the law stands. I know you have pemmican with you. I'll take it now.”
“You will not,” Grant said. Even though he had to shout, his voice sounded quiet. “It is ours.”
“It is illegal.”
“I don't abide by your law. If it isn't changed, you and your settlers will be the ones to regret it.”
“Haven't I already burned Fort Gibraltar?” Semple sounded incredulous. “What more do you people need, to be kept in line!”
Allan stood slightly apart from Grant and his men. He felt as if a storm were brewing. He could feel the tension crackling in the air like lightning, the voices of the angry men like thunder.
He'd stopped listening to Semple and Grant's exchange, for other men were shouting as well. Then he saw the glint of sunlight on silver, the metal of a rifle. He realized with an icy thrill of shock that both sides were armed and willing to shoot. He felt as if he were stuck in mud, unable to move or even think fast enough.
Then the shot of a rifle split the air, and there was a thud as Semple's body fell.


CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“Governor Semple's gone out to meet with the traders,” Katherine told Harriet. She took off her bonnet and laid her basket on the table. “People seem to think he'll deal with them quickly, but Lord knows they've burned the fort before. They might do it again.”
“Surely not.” Harriet looked around at the crude cabin she and Katherine had inhabited since arriving at Fort Douglas a few days ago. When they had time and resources, they would build their own, as others had. Yet they would spend the winter in this, which was cruder than the humblest croft back on Mull, no more than one room with rough log walls and a swept dirt floor.
Still the threat of its destruction chilled her. She didn’t want to be thrown out of another home, and this time she feared it would be far more ungentle. Perhaps the Métis would be violent, abusive. They had been so before. 
“There's no point pretending it won’t happen,” Katherine said brusquely. “I've seen it before, haven't I, just a different time and place. Different people.” Harriet knew she was talking about the clearances. 
“I'm sorry,” she said quietly. “What should we do?”
“Nothing, for now, I suppose. What can we do, but listen and wait? When Semple returns, perhaps then...” Katherine shook her head. “I don't know. Perhaps I'm worrying over nothing. It gets to me, this. It's so like before.”
Harriet put her arms around the older woman. “This is a new world,” she said softly, “with new opportunities. Surely Governor Semple will deal with these insurgents, and if he doesn't, there are enough of us to fight back. It's not one poor crofter and his family against a laird.”
Katherine drew a shuddering breath. “It might as well as be. If they burn the fort? What then?”
“We'll rebuild it,” Harriet said, with more conviction that she felt. “The settlers here did it before, didn't they? Why not again?”
Katherine shook her head. “I don't know if I have it in me, to start again. It took all my strength to make it this far, and losing Brian...”
For the first time, Harriet saw beyond the strong lines of Katherine's face, to the worry and fatigue beneath. “Let me make you a cup of tea,” she said. Tea, brought all the way from Pictou, was precious, yet now seemed as good a time as any to indulge in the small luxury.
She filled the kettle from the water pail and hung it over the fire. “You mustn't worry about what might happen, not yet. Wait until Governor Semple returns.”
But Semple did not return. As dusk fell, a messenger rode into the fort with news of the meeting at Seven Oaks. 
“It was a massacre,” he said grimly. “I saw it, I was there. The Métis fired on Semple and his men... all dead except for me and one other.”
The settlers crowded around the man gasped with fear and some women fell to crying. Harriet clutched her shawl tighter around her, a chill spreading within her that had nothing to do with the frosty air. What now, she wondered. The governor dead!
“Worse than that,” the man continued, still trying to catch his breath from the harrowing ride. “The Métis are on their way here. We'll have to leave the fort, and quickly. I don't know what they plan to do, or if the fort will be burned. But now that Semple is dead, and the scent of blood is in the air, I warrant anything can happen.”
Harriet caught her breath and exchanged glances with Katherine. The older woman's face was gray with fear and pain.
“Flee now,” the man urged. “Take what you can, but leave the rest. You must leave, for your own safety.”
“Come.” Harriet put her arm around Katherine. They would have to return to the cabin and pack provisions for the trip. She didn't even know where they would go, or how, but she could see Katherine was not capable of making plans or decisions. This last blow had been too much for her, and she let Harriet lead her as if she were a child.
Katherine sat huddled by the fire and watched as Harriet gathered their warmest clothes and what little food they'd managed to gather. “You know,” she said softly, “when Brian died, some people were worried that I would be a drag on the settlement, an aging widow. They argued it was too harsh a land to take women, older women at that, without men to care for them. Perhaps they were right.”
“Nonsense,” Harriet said with a briskness she didn't feel. “You're worth two of many of the people here, Katherine. Now I've gathered what we'll need... for however long we're gone.” Harriet swallowed the fear that threatened to rise and choke her. How long would they be gone, she wondered, and would there be anything to come back to? Was there even anything to go to? The colony was built on a huge plain, and Harriet knew the next settlement was over fifteen miles away.
Many of the settlers had gathered by the gates of the fort, armed only with blankets and baskets, the few horses they had pawing the ground as if they could smell the fear.
Dusk had fallen, and the stars glittering coldly in an ebony sky as Harriet and Katherine left the fort, led by Mr. Ferry. They were heading to the unknown... please God, Harriet thought, it would be to safety.
The worst had come to pass, she knew, and they stood to lose everything... even their lives.
No one spoke as they started out into the black night, but the fear was palpable, crackling in the very air as if before a storm. All around them the plains grass rustled in a dry wind, and Harriet followed the lantern of the people in front of her, no more than a bobbing light in a sea of black. She kept her arm around Katherine, urging her forward, but after less than an hour of walking she knew the older woman was flagging. The lantern ahead of them was growing smaller as they slowly but surely fell behind.
“I can't go any further.”
Harriet's breath caught in her throat as next to her Katherine stumbled to her knees. 
“You can, Katherine,” she urged, desperation edging her voice as she tried to raise her to her feet once more. “You must.”
“It’s too far...”
Harriet didn’t know how far they’d travelled, but it couldn’t be much more than a mile. It was fifteen miles to the nearest settlement. It was too far.
“Please, Katherine,” she said, her voice no more than a whisper. “We can’t stay here.” Harriet had to force herself not to think of the terror behind them. Was the messenger from Seven Oaks right, and the traders were now violent, ready for an even greater victory? Harriet didn't know. All she knew was they had to keep going, one foot in front of the other...
Katherine was still on her knees, her breathing labored, her voice choked. “I'm too tired. You'll have to go on without me.”
“And leave you here? Nonsense. You can lean on me, Katherine. Come, now.” She struggled to raise Katherine to her feet, as the voices of the settlers ahead of them began to grow faint.
Fear roughened her voice as she half-dragged Katherine along. “We need to catch up with the others, Katherine. I don't know the way to go by myself.”
Ahead she could see the swinging pinpoint of light that was someone's lantern, and it was getting fainter. “Come on!” Harriet nearly shouted, but any further rebuke died on her lips as she saw Katherine's gray face. The older woman was not just fatigued; she was ill, seriously so.
Katherine sagged back on the ground, her eyes closing.
“God help us,” Harriet whispered. She dropped her basket and knelt by Katherine, cradling her head. “Perhaps if we rest for a few minutes...” she said, although she knew inside that a few minutes wouldn't do Katherine much good. There was no point going on. She would never make it.
The air was sharp with cold, and Harriet pulled her shawl tighter around her shoulders. She watched with a strange sense of detachment as the last pinpoint of light faded to nothing. They'd been left behind, as simple as that, she saw dully. Left in the cold and the dark, in a foreign land, with who knew what on their scent.
She took a deep breath to steady herself. She would not die here, she resolved. After all she'd been through to come to this country, to find Allan, and now to start a new life... she wasn't willing to give up yet. She'd had too many dreams broken to allow fate to cruelly snatch her last few faded hopes.
“Stay here,” she whispered to Katherine, although the older woman was not likely to go anywhere in her condition. Harriet took off her shawl and laid it over Katherine, bundling some extra clothes for a pillow for her head. “I'm going to look around and see if there's any shelter. I'll be back soon, I promise.”
The moon was a medallion of silver in the night sky, and Harriet was grateful for the light it provided, bathing the prairie in an eerie, ghostly light.  
There wasn't much to see in the flat prairie, and Harriet wondered what they would do for shelter. Hide in the tall grasses? It would be little protection against the cold, or other, worse possibilities.
She squinted her eyes and saw the land roll gently downwards in a hill some yards away, and a sudden, fierce hope lit her soul. She hurried towards the change in landscape.
“Thanks be!” There, huddled in a creek bottom, was an old trapper's cabin, now half-falling down but at least with a passable roof and walls. 
Picking up her skirts, Harriet hurried back to Katherine, half-stumbling in her haste.
Katherine was half-unconscious on the ground when Harriet returned. Gently Harriet touched her fingertips to the woman's cheek. Her face was cold, but there was a pulse, and Harriet could still hear her labored breathing. 
“Katherine, can you hear me? I've found a place. If we can just make it a little while longer...”
Katherine stirred, and her eyes opened. “What did you say?”
“Can you walk for just a little bit, if I help?” Harriet asked. “There's a trapper's cabin down the hill from here. It's not much, but it's shelter for the night. Perhaps tomorrow...” She trailed off, not wanting to think of tomorrow, or the troubles it would bring. Where would they find food? How would they get to the fort, or even back to Fort Douglas, if there was anything left? The future seemed full of insurmountable obstacles. 
Katherine struggled to a half sitting position. “I can do it.”
Later, Harriet wasn't sure how they made it back to the cabin. The short walk was a blur, with the cold and the darkness, and Katherine's weight sagging against her own.
Finally, they stumbled into the crude, one room dwelling. It smelled musty and old, but at least it provided some escape from the cold wind, and, please God, the dangers of the men on their trail.
Harriet positioned Katherine as comfortably as possible against the far wall. “I'd make you some tea, but I'm afraid to light a fire,” she confessed quietly.
“Never mind.” Katherine smiled weakly. “You're good to me, to keep me like this. You could've left me, gone off with the others to safety.”
“Never,” Harriet exclaimed, horrified. “You were the one who made it possible for me to come West. I'd hardly abandon you now.”
“And was it such a good idea?” Katherine coughed, her shoulders racked by the movement. “We've had nothing but trouble it seems since we started. And who knows what has happened back at the settlement... there may be nothing left.”
“Let's not think of that. Besides, I don't regret coming with you, Katherine.” Harriet gazed into the darkness, thinking of Sandy and Betty, of Rupert, back on Prince Edward Island, and then of her own father and sister on Mull. She'd left so many people, so many dreams behind. Where did her future lie? “There was nothing for me back East,” she said quietly.
“What about a young man?” Katherine's faint smile gleamed in the darkness. “You're a pretty lass. I'm sure the young gentlemen wanted to call on you.” 
Harriet shook her head. “There was one,” she admitted quietly, “but I betrayed him... and he died.”
Katherine did not reply, but her hand found Harriet's in the darkness and clasped it. Harriet realized she was crying. She could feel the cold tears slip silently down her face. She held Katherine's hand, grateful for the comfort, and wondered what she was crying for... the past or the future. 
The hours passed slowly. Katherine drifted back into unconsciousness. Harriet sat next to her on the dirt floor, cold and cramped. She dozed, haunted by dreams of fire and gun shots, only to wake suddenly, aching and tired. The cold, gray light of dawn was stealing across the earthen floor when Harriet heard rustling from outside.
She tensed, waiting. Surely it was just an animal, a deer or at worse, a bear...
Then she heard labored breathing, the tearing gasp of someone who had been running for a long while. Katherine stirred, and then her eyes opened suddenly, alert and watchful.
“Someone's here,” Harriet whispered, her voice barely more than a breath.
“The gun.” Katherine fumbled in the basket, and Harriet remembered that she had brought her husband's gun, an old rifle. “Do you know how to use it?”
Harriet shook her head. 
“Still, it's something.”
The gasping had subsided, but Harriet knew there was someone outside the door, most likely sitting against it, catching his breath. A man, alone, but he was a settler or a trapper, friend or foe? What would he do when he saw them, for surely he planned to come inside and find shelter for himself?
With shaking hands she fumbled for the rifle. The man was moving now, standing probably, and then the door latch shook, now the door was opening...
Harriet stood and aimed the rifle at the door. She didn't think she could fire it, and she certainly couldn’t load it again, but he wouldn't know that.
The door opened, and a man stood there, limping slightly. His fur cap and bushy beard told her he was a fur trader, and he stank.
Harriet's voice came out strong as she kept the rifle aimed at his head. “Don't move, or I'll shoot.”


CHAPTER NINETEEN

“How do you know Margaret?” Henry dropped the letter onto the table and looked hard at Ian.
“She's my sister's closest friend, and a distant cousin. How do you know her?”
Henry smiled briefly. “She's my betrothed.”
Ian's jaw dropped. “What! But Margaret never said...”
“As it happens, I asked her to marry me the day we sailed from Tobermory,” Henry replied. “So you were already signed up for my ship. She'd no occasion to tell you.” He sat down in one of the wing chairs and looked up at Ian. “However, you'd better tell me what happened with your family, lad, as I'm sure to become a part of it.”
Ian swallowed audibly. He did not want to tell Henry Moore, whose respect he felt he had come to earn, if only a little bit, of his folly and shame. Looking into the older man's wise eyes, though, he'd a feeling Henry had already guessed if not the exact cause of his departure, then at least the nature of it.
Slowly the story came out, how Ian had insisted on handling the sale of the Campbell land, and how he had subsequently lost it.
“You mean you were only meant to sell twenty acres, and you sold everything instead, by mistake?”
Ian nodded, his throat tight. “I ruined my father's legacy, as well as my own.”
“I don't know about that.” Henry leaned back in his chair. “It sounds as if it might've come to that one day as it was.”
“My father never would've sold.” Ian shook his head, tears suddenly blinding his eyes as he remembered.
Henry put his hand briefly over Ian's. “He might not have had a choice.”
“And what of you and Margaret?” Ian asked, clearing his throat in an attempt to dislodge the tears. “She never mentioned any of this to me, although I don't suppose she'd cause to. She keeps to herself, does Margaret.”
“Yes, I know.” Henry's smile was bittersweet, and even Ian could see the love shining in her eyes. “We met in the street in Tobermory. She was reading Boethius.”
“She always did like her books, more than her brother did.”
“I think they were her brother’s books. In any case, we struck up an acquaintance, and then a friendship. I tutored her a bit, but I confess it was a mere pretext to spend time with her. I’ve never met a woman with such spirit and determination. She enchanted me from the moment she dropped her book in the road.”
“And you'll go back to her in the spring?” Ian asked. “To marry?”
“If she'll still have me.” Henry stood, and picked up Ian's letter. “I'll take this, as I'm sure your family will want news of you. They've been wondering a long time, haven't they?”
Ian nodded, his eyes downcast. “I wanted to wait till I'd made something of myself.”
Henry chuckled. “Well, you have at that, lad, you have at that. I'll see you in the summer, when I bring Margaret back as my bride, God willing.”
Later that evening, after Henry had sailed with The Allegiance for the Caribbean, Ian sat down to dinner with the Moores. He felt a bit ill at ease in the formal dining room, with Isobel across from him and Mr. and Mrs. Moore on either end of the table.
Mrs. Moore smiled at him warmly. “Henry told us of your connection before he left. And we'd no idea he'd planned to marry...! It was a surprise, of course, but we're pleased to see him settle down at last.”
“He's obviously in love,” Isobel added, her eyes shining. “You can see it in him!”
“As for that nonsense, I don't know.” Mr. Moore laughed jovially. “But for matters nearer to home...” he turned to Ian. “Not to worry about your lecture tickets, lad,” he said. “Now that you're family, we'll make sure to take care of you.”
Ian opened his mouth to stammer his thanks. “I really don't know what to say. You've given me so much.”
“But you're family, dear,” Mrs. Moore said, as if it were obvious. “That's what matters.”
Late that evening Ian sat in the deep window seat of his bedroom and gazed out at the city of Boston, clothed in darkness. The stars and moon lit the streets with a silvery glow, and a few lanterns and candles flickered in the homes on Beacon Hill. 
This was his new home, he realized afresh. His new life. And he thanked Providence for bringing him safely to this haven, and this new start. Perhaps he didn't deserve it, after what he'd done, but Ian vowed he would try his hardest and make good. 
And one day, in the not too distant future, he would return to Achlic and his family, and give them back the legacy he lost. Ian closed his eyes tightly.
“I will do it,” he whispered fiercely. “I will.”

“I will shoot,” Harriet repeated, her voice quavering. “Don't think I won't.” Her hand shook, and the rifle pointed briefly to the floor. 
In one quick, fluid movement the trapper lunged forward and grabbed the rifle's muzzle. Harriet's finger fell from the trigger and for a brief moment they struggled with the weapon, their eyes locked. Harriet could see little besides the man's bushy beard and hazel eyes.
The man's movements stilled and he stared at her, his eyes wide. “Harriet...?”
Shock made her drop the rifle, and it fell to the floor with a useless clatter. “How do you know...? Who are you?”
“I can't believe...” Tears sprang to his eyes and he suddenly grabbed her by the shoulders. Harriet screamed. “Where's your husband? Why are you here?”
Harriet was tense with fear, her voice a choked whisper. “I don't have a husband.”
“Andrew Reid? What about him? You wrote me you'd married him!” He let go of her, pushing her away from him so she stumbled. “Has he left you? Or have you gone looking for another?”
There was a moment of charged silence, and then Harriet stepped forward. With gentle, trembling fingers, she touched his beard and his cheek. She took off his fur cap and let it fall to the floor. The eyes were the same, the face, underneath the beard, so achingly familiar.
“I can't believe... Allan?” she whispered, tears slipping down her cheeks. “They told me you were dead. You died in a shipwreck. They told me.”
 “I didn't get on the ship.” Allan's voice was ragged as he clasped her hand, pressing it to his cheek. “I told Archie to tell them... my parents. I was going away, to make my own fortune. I joined the Hudson's Bay Company as a trapper. I didn't even know the ship had sunk, till a few weeks ago.” He turned on her suddenly. “Did you marry him? Why? Why did you never write me?”
Harriet shook her head slowly. “I never loved him. I had to do it, to save Achlic after it was lost. It seemed like there was no choice, after Ian lost it all. But in the end I couldn't go through with it. Not when I still loved you.” Her voice broke. “He kept your letters from me. I never knew...”
“You never received my letters?” Allan’s voice was hoarse.
Harriet shook her head. “Not till later, and then I broke the betrothal. I thought you’d forgotten me, Allan... that you'd be glad to be released from your promise.”
“Why?” Allan asked quietly. “I told you I would keep faith.”
“I know... I know!” Harriet’s voice was broke. “It is I who broke faith, and it has tormented me ever since.”
Allan cupped her face in his hands. They were rough and dirty and so beloved. “I set you free, don’t you remember? You were not faithless, Harriet. If anything, I was, for being so angry with you when I learned of your betrothal.”
“I’m sorry,” Harriet whispered.
“No, you must not be. Why did you come to Scotia, then? And to here?”
“To find you, and to explain. When they told me you were dead, I kept running.” Her eyes widened. “Why didn’t you go on that mail packet, Allan? Why are you here?”
“The same as you, I suppose. I had been blaming everyone for my misfortune... everyone but myself. And I kept running.”
“I don’t want to run anymore,” Harriet whispered and Allan pulled her toward him.
“Nor I. Harriet, do you still love me?”
She nodded, her throat too tight with tears to speak. 
Allan pulled her into an embrace, his tears mingling with her own. “Cridhe, I've never stopped loving you. You've been in my mind, my heart, always.”
From behind them Katherine let out a dry, rasping chuckle. “What on earth is going on here?”
Harriet laughed through her tears. “Katherine, this is Allan, my...”
“Betrothed,” Allan finished firmly. “We will marry as soon as possible.”
“This is the man you were talking about, then.” Katherine smiled in satisfaction. “Well, I'm glad to see one happy ending, although how we're to get out of here I don't know.” She glanced at Allan. “You're a trader. Were you with the Métis at Seven Oaks?”
“I was, in the vain hope that I could prevent such a disaster.”
“What will happen to us?” Harriet asked.
“The Métis will take Fort Douglas. They don't want blood, only justice.” Allan sighed. “Eventually, those who rule will have to find some way for the Métis and the settlers to live together peacefully. I can see no other way. As for us...” He looked into Harriet's eyes. “I must return to the island, and my parents. They believe me dead. Will you come with me, Harriet? Are you settled here? Can you come with me and make a life back east?”
Harriet glanced at Katherine. “Of course I can, but... I have obligations here.”
Allan assessed the situation at once. “Then your companion is naturally welcome to travel and stay with us.” He turned to Katherine, bowing slightly. “Harriet has made her home with you, you must make your home with us... if you desire it.”
Katherine laughed again. “Not much of a home as it happened. Yes, I'll come with you, if you'll have me. Since my husband died, there's been no place for me here. And I'm looking forward to hearing the story of how you two know each other, and came to be in this forsaken place!”
“It's quite a tale,” Allan replied soberly. “However, first we must get out of this place. The Métis have taken Fort Douglas, as I said, but I don’t believe they will continue to be violent. If the new government will change its ways... in the meantime, they'll let us stay there, especially as we have injured. When you're recovered enough, we can make our way back to York Factory, and from there to Pictou. It won't be an easy journey and with winter closing in, we'll have to spend the cold months holed up, probably at the Factory. Will you be able to manage?”
Harriet nodded. She knew it would be hard, and yet for the first time in many months the future held a joy she'd thought forever lost. Whatever hardships she endured, she rejoiced in knowing she would share them with Allan.


It was a cold, bleak day when Henry Moore sailed The Allegiance into Tobermory's harbor, but his heart was singing. He'd spent the winter hauling freight in the Caribbean, for a handsome profit, and now as spring touched the earth he was finally returning to the home of his ancestors, and to Margaret. He could hardly wait to see her. He only hoped that she would welcome him, and that they'd be married within the month.
His first stop was the shipping agent's office at the harbor side. After he'd explained who he was, the agent's clerk nodded.
“Yes, Mistress MacDougall mentioned back in the autumn that there might be some sort of inquiry into her whereabouts. I trust it is a happy occasion?”
Henry could not contain his broad smile. “Yes, indeed. God willing, we shall be married as soon as possible.”
“Then I offer my felicitations along with this letter.” The clerk gave Henry a folded paper, sealed with wax. Henry took it, his heart thumping.
He waited till he was seated in a public house, waiting for his dinner to be served, before he opened it.
Dearest Henry, if you are reading this you have landed safely in Tobermory, and I thank God for your health. 
Henry put the letter down as his meal was served. “Thank you,” he murmured, his voice choked with emotion. And thank God that he was safe, and that Margaret still loved him. He turned back to the letter.
I am currently lodging at the McCready farm, near Craignuire. My dearest friend Harriet has emigrated to Canada, and I am staying with her father, David Campbell, and his new wife. His young daughter, Eleanor, enjoys a few lessons from me as well! I look forward to your return, when we can be together again... and for always, God willing. Yours, Margaret.
Smiling softly, Henry folded the letter and finished his meal. As soon as he could, he would leave for Cragnuire, and Margaret.
A young girl stood outside the small farmhouse, feeding chickens. With the sunlight on her auburn hair, she looked, Henry thought, like a pastoral painting. He smiled at her.
“Is this the Campbell holding?”
“Aye, David Campbell is my father.” She was about thirteen years old, still slender and girlish, with freckles across her nose. “Are you looking for him?”
“No, I'm looking for Mistress Margaret MacDougall. You must be Eleanor.”
Eleanor stared at him curiously. “How do you know my name?”
“I know Margaret.”
“Eleanor, are you talking to someone...?” Margaret stood in the doorway, the breath catching in her throat. She looked as beautiful as ever, Henry thought, with her rosy cheeks, black eyes, and a mass of dark hair caught loosely in a bun. She wore a plain, homespun dress, and there was flour on her apron. He took a step towards her, holding out his hands.
“Margaret.”
“You've come back.”
“Didn't you know I would?”
Margaret walked slowly towards him, her expression dazed, as if she were in a dream. “I knew you wanted to, but I was afraid. We’ve learned all too well how dangerous the sea can be.”
“I'm safe.” Margaret stood in front of him, and it felt the most natural thing to put his arms around her. She pressed her face against his shoulder.
“I've been so worried, all this time. How will I live as a shipmaster's wife?” she cried, then gasped, flushing. “That is... I didn't mean to be presumptuous...!”
“You weren't.” Henry grinned. “Margaret, will you be my wife? I want to marry you without delay.”
“Yes--”
“What is all this carrying on?” David Campbell stood in the doorway. Although his hair was white and he walked with a cane, he was still fit and smiling. “I knew Margaret had a young man...”
“A betrothed now, sir, with your permission.”
“It isn't mine to give,” David replied. “The MacDougalls are in Canada now, God bless them. It hasn't been an easy time.”
“Father wrote in the autumn with his permission,” Margaret explained quickly. “I'll show you the letter.”
“Then we can travel to Prince Edward Island after our wedding.” Henry grinned broadly. “And you can introduce me to your family.”
Eleanor watched as they embraced. Henry caught her wistful stare and chucked her under the chin. “I can tell the gentlemen will be lining up to court you, Miss Eleanor, in another three years or so.”
Eleanor blushed and looked away. As the sunlight filtered through the trees, lighting their faces, she was glad there was already so much happiness in the world.

It was late summer, and the leaves were barely touched with the red of frost. Harriet and Allan stood by the clearing, gazing down at the foundation of their cabin. 
“It'll be a year yet before it's finished,” Allan said ruefully, “what with winter closing in soon.”
Harriet smiled at him and reached for his hand. “I don't mind.”
It had been a long, hard year. After they'd found each other in the trapper's cabin, Allan had guided them back to Fort Douglas. Harriet had been afraid of violence, as the Métis had taken the fort, but after the battle of Seven Oaks, everyone seemed to want peace. When the chaos had finally died down, they'd found a boat to lead them to York Factory.
As Allan had predicted, they'd wintered at the trading post. Harriet had never been so cold. York Factory was shrouded in ice and snow for six months, and it wasn't until May that they were able to find passage on a ship returning to Pictou. 
Harriet would never forget their homecoming. The island was awash in cherry blossoms as they made their way from the river landing to Mingarry Farm. Betty was sitting on the porch when they came up the road, and she half rose from her chair, her face paling, as they rounded the bend.
“Sandy...! Sandy...!” she gasped, and Allan hurried towards her, half afraid she'd fall.
“It's me, Mother,” he said softly, his arms around her. “It really is.”
“But how? How did you survive? They said everyone drowned.” Tears ran silently down Betty's face. “Where have you been all this time?”
Just then Sandy, hearing Betty's cry, came hurrying from the barn. His face mirrored his wife's own shock. 
Quickly and quietly Allan explained the events that led to them being there. He also introduced Katherine Donald, and she was welcomed warmly by both Sandy and Betty.
“It's a miracle,” Betty said, shaking her head, her tears still flowing unchecked. “To live, and to find each other again. Harriet, Allan, You've both been granted a second chance, by the grace of God.”
The farm and island which had seemed a merciless prison a year ago was now filled with hope and promise. Harriet and Allan marked out where their cabin would be, across the river from Mingarry Farm. 
Katherine Donald had decided to live in Charlottetown, surrounded by more people, with several other widows for company.
In late spring, the wreck of the mail packet was found, and Archie's body was recovered and buried. Allan had stared down at the grave, placed on the edge of Mingarry Farm, near a copse of birches. He remembered Archie's vitality and enthusiasm, his desire for safety after their near miss on the ice floes, and the cruel trick of fate which had caused his death. 
“It doesn't seem fair that he should die and I should live,” he told Harriet quietly. “But after all this, I've learned not to question God.” He held Harriet's hand. “Archie was reckless, and sometimes arrogant, but he was brave and honorable as well, and I loved him.” 
Still, as spring turned to summer, there was much to look forward to. In June Harriet and Allan married at Mingarry Farm, among the company friends and family.
A wedding was an occasion for everyone to celebrate, and the entire Scots community on Flatte River came together. 
“I never thought I'd see this day,” Sandy confessed to Allan during a break in the dancing. They stood on the far side of the barn, the river sparkling in the distance.
“Nor did I.” Allan smiled back. Any ill will he'd born his father died when he learned of the ship's sinking. He would not ruin any second chances with bitterness.
“I've wanted to tell you, I've been wrong,” Sandy said quietly. “I was stubborn, and set in my own ways, and in the end it drove both you and Archie away from me, and the farm here.”
“You can't blame yourself for the way we were. I should have spoken my mind earlier.” He shook his head. “I should have done so many things differently.”
Sandy's face creased into a smile. “We can all say that. It's as Betty said, we've been given second chances. All of us.” He nodded his head towards the crowd of guests. “I had it stuck in my thick head that I was better than all of those good folk, and I can tell you true now that I'm not. Every one of those men and women has helped us in some way, even with me and my stupid pride. I'd do the same for them now. I've learned my lesson... one of them, anyway.”
The music struck up again and Sandy clapped Allan on the shoulder. “I haven't danced with your lovely bride yet. It's a pleasure I'm greatly looking forward to.”
Sandy took Harriet in his arms, and they danced a rousing country reel. “This isn't a day you're likely to forget then, is it, lass?”
Harriet shook her head, smiling. “Never.” No, she never would forget the joy of that day, dancing and feasting with her new family as well as her new community, and most of all, Allan by her side.
And now here they were, at the foundations of their own cabin. The hope for the future brighter than ever; and a little life stirring inside her own womb. Harriet lay a hand on her stomach, smiling.
“A few months ago, I'd never have imagined this,” she said softly. “I thought it all lost to me, forever.”
“And I thought you lost to me,” Allan said. He touched her cheek gently. “I am the most fortunate man, to have his bride restored.” He paused, his face grave. “Perhaps I shouldn't have asked you to wait for me, Harriet. It was wrong of me, but I couldn't help it, I loved you so much. Releasing you from the promise afterwards was no great freedom, was it? It would have been better not to have asked at all.”
“No, it wouldn't have,” Harriet replied simply. “You'd never even have needed to ask, I was yours always.” She turned to look at the beginnings of their own cabin, their own life together. The last few years had been hard, more trying and frightening than anything she could've imagined when Allan had sailed away. Yet somehow she had weathered the storms, and so had Allan. It was as Betty had said, a miracle. A second chance.
The sun was setting behind the birches that surrounded Archie's grave, a glittering gold ball low in the sky. Around them the leaves rustled and a whippoorwill trilled its twilight song.
“Come,” Allan said, tugging gently at her hand as he turned towards Mingarry Farm. “Let's go home.”


AUTHOR’S NOTE

Far Horizons is based on the travels--and travails--of my own ancestors, but much of it is, of course, fiction. However the premise of the story is true: in 1819, on the eve of his sailing to Canada, my great-great-great-uncle Allan MacDougall asked Harriet Campbell to wait for him. His father considered this dishonorable and made him return her letters, but Allan told Harriet she could keep his own, as a sign of his own faithfulness.
The MacDougalls were distantly related to Sir James Riddell (known in history as a bit of a blackguard), and Alexander MacDougall did live at Mingarry Castle and act as Riddell’s tacksman. 
Archie MacDougall had a Commission in the Army, and did drown in the sinking of a mail packet, which he insisted on taking rather than a smaller boat because of the rough weather. Margaret MacDougall, my own great-great-great grandmother, was known to be feisty and educated, and married a sea captain named Henry Moore.
Most poignantly, perhaps, the letters between Allan and Harriet featured in Far Horizons are taken word for word from the originals which have been handed down through my family, except for the one in which Harriet breaks off their understanding and those she discovers in Andrew Reid’s keeping. Allan did experience a long silence from Harriet, and it was my own imagining of why that would be that started this story.
The rest, however, including Riddell’s scheming, the characters and exploits of Rupert, Eleanor, and Ian, and Allan’s adventures as a fur trader are, alas, all fiction.
The events at Red River and the Seven Oaks Massacre in what is modern-day Manitoba are based in fact, and the settlers did have to flee into the night as described. However, my ancestors never made it as far as Manitoba.
In reality, it took Allan seven years to return to Harriet and finally marry her. I took pity on him--and her--and allowed them to reunite after only two years.
You can read more about Allan, Harriet, Margaret, Henry, Ian, Rupert, Eleanor, and even little Caroline Reid in the second book of the Emigrants Trilogy, Another Country, set ten years later and taking place mostly in Boston. The third book in the Emigrants Trilogy, A Distant Shore, is also now available. 
More information about my historical novels as well as my romances can be found at www.kate-hewitt.com.
Happy reading,
Kate
Did you enjoy Far Horizons? Please consider leaving a review on Amazon, Goodreads, or another website you frequent. Turn the page to read the author's note and learn more about Kate's other books.
Did you enjoy Far Horizons? Look for other books by Kate Hewitt, www.kate-hewitt.com.

The Emigrants Trilogy: A saga of love, loss, betrayal and hope, based on the lives of Kate’s ancestors in Canada and Scotland

Far Horizons: The Highlands of Scotland, 1819: On the eve of his departure for the New World, Allan MacDougall asks his beloved Harriet to wait for his return, when he will be established and able to marry her. When his father discovers his intent he insists it is dishonorable, and so Allan must free Harriet from her promise even as he vows to remain faithful himself. Through years of hardship, heartache, tragedy, and betrayal, Allan and Harriet cling to the love that first brought them together--yet it is the treacherous doubts of their own hearts that could prove to be their undoing, and drive them farther apart than ever. 

Another Country: Orphaned, widowed, and in desperate need of a change, Eleanor Campbell sets off for Boston in 1832 to join her estranged brother Ian--and attempt to find some small happiness for herself. On the same ship is spoiled Caroline Reid, who has her own airy dreams of being launched into society and snagging a rich and handsome husband. Thrown together onboard ship, the two women's lives soon intertwine in surprising and even dangerous ways.
Set ten years after the events of Far Horizons, the MacDougall and Campbell families face danger, illness, and the doubts of their own hearts as they strive to reach for their dreams in an adolescent American that struggles to maturity.

A Distant Shore: At thirty years old, Isobel Moore has given up on love and marriage… until the invitation from a missionary society has her setting her sights on travelling to Burma. Meanwhile Harriet and Allan’s daughter comes to Boston for her own adventure, and Henry Moore sets sail for China. Set five years after the events of Another Country, A Distant Shore follows the lives and adventures of the MacDougall, Moore, and Campbell families into a new generation.

Road To Hope: A Novella about Eleanor and Rupert, Coming Soon!


The Amherst Island Trilogy: In the spirit of Anne of Green Gables, a story of an orphan who comes of age in turn of the century Canada

Down Jasper Lane: Glasgow, 1904. Ellen Copley has a heart full of dreams when she leaves the sooty rail yards of Glasgow for a new life in Vermont. Yet within weeks of her arrival her father has abandoned her for his own dreams in New Mexico, and Ellen must navigate this strange and hostile world, living with relatives who seem to resent her presence and disdain her Scottish brogue.
When her Aunt Rose invites her to stay with her boisterous family on Lake Ontario's Amherst Island, Ellen finally begins to find the love and acceptance she'd long been craving. Soon she is living a fractured existence in both Vermont and Canada, torn between happiness and duty. When a local boy lays claim to her heart, Ellen must decide just where her destiny lies in a changing and increasing turbulent world.

On Renfrew Street: Coming Soon

Return to the Island: Coming Soon

Or enjoy one of my short story collections. All stories have been previously published in magazines:

Love, Laughter & Lucky Marbles: An Anthology About The Funny Side of Falling in Love 
Through The Years: An Anthology of Historical Romance 
Bump: An Anthology About Babies, Motherhood, and Trying for it All
Sister, Sister: Stories About The Best Friend You Can’t Get Rid Of
Before The Dawn: Stories of Hope in Hard Times

You can also check out one of my Harlequin romances, or my latest women’s fiction from CarinaUK, This Fragile Life:

This Fragile Life: You love your best friend. You trust her with your life. But could you give her the most precious gift of all? Alex’s life is a mess. She’s barely holding down a job, only just affording her apartment, and can’t remember when she was last in a relationship. An unexpected pregnancy is the last thing she needs. Martha’s life is on track. She’s got the high-flying career, the gorgeous home and the loving husband. But one big thing is missing. Five rounds of IVF and still no baby. The solution seems simple. Alex knows that Martha can give her child everything that she can’t provide. But Martha’s world may not be as perfect as it seems, and letting go isn’t as easy as Alex expected it to be. Now they face a decision that could shatter their friendship for ever.

Writing As Katharine Swartz:

The Vicar’s Wife: Jane Hatton and her British husband Andrew relocate from New York City to a small village on the Cumbrian coast. Jane has been city-based and career-driven but when her fourteen year old daughter Natalie falls in with the wrong crowd at school in Manhattan, she and Andrew decide to try country living. However Jane has trouble getting used to the silence and solitude of a remote village. Natalie hates her new school, and eleven-year-old Ben struggles academically. Only eight-year-old Merrie enjoys country life. Has Jane made a horrible mistake? The Hattons have bought the old vicarage in the village. When Jane finds a scrap of shopping list, she grows curious about Alice, the vicar’s wife who lived there years before. As we follow the twin narratives of Jane, in the present, and Alice in the 1930s we discover that both are on a journey to discover their true selves, and to address their deepest fears.

The Other Side of The Bridge: Ava Lancet has lost her job, her marriage, and her baby when she discovers she has inherited her grandmother’s dilapidated farmhouse in a tiny village in central Greece. With the kind of emotional impulsiveness that has frustrated her stony-faced husband for years, she decides to move there and recover from life’s sorrows. It only takes a few minutes in her new home to realize just what a dump it is, and how ridiculously rash her decision was. Yet Ava perseveres, and thanks to her grandmother’s legacy, is welcomed into the village... as well as by handsome widower Andreas Lethikos. 
When an elderly woman in the village mistakes Ava for her grandmother, telling her, with tears trickling down her face, that she is so sorry, Ava is both touched and intrigued. What is the woman sorry for, and what secrets did her grandmother keep? With the help of a local schoolteacher who is interviewing the remaining Second World War survivors in central Greece, Ava discovers the surprising threads of her grandmother’s life... and they help to weave her own life back together. 
In 1942, in Italian and Nazi-occupied Greece, Ava’s grandmother Sophia Paranoussis is fighting to keep her family, and especially her impulsive sister Angelika, safe. When she is approached by a stranger to help with the local Resistance, she longs to refuse, yet a sense of both duty and honor compel her to agree. Frightened and yet with growing courage, Sophia begins to aid twelve British SOEs who have parachuted into Greece to blow up the Gorgopotamos 
viaduct—and falls in impossible love with one of them. 
Spanning three generations and exploring the lives of two very different and yet surprisingly similar women, The Other Side of The Bridge will remind you how a fragile hope can spring from both tragedy and despair.


ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Kate Hewitt was born in Pennsylvania. After living in New York City for several years, she moved to the northwest coast of England where she now lives with her husband, an Anglican minister, her five children, and an overly affectionate Golden Retriever. She also writes under the name Katharine Swartz. You can learn more about her books at www.kate-hewitt.com or www.katharineswartz.com. 



