Paradise Lost
By Karen Mason
Published by Karen Mason at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Karen Mason
All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition, License Notes


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.

Also by Karen Mason

Summerset
Mad About the Boy
Two Become One
Winner Takes it All
Mrs Osbourne Regrets
The True Tale of Jezebel Cole
Only You
The Line of Passion Trilogy (Maudie, Kate and Julia)
Never Forget
Scorpio Rising


www.authorkarenmason.wordpress.com




Cover image courtesy of www.stockfreeimages.com
This book is dedicated to Angel Deverell who always dreamt of living in Paradise House
Prologue
December 1940

It was the silence more than anything that got to Evie as she stumbled into what used to be Morrison Street. When she’d left this morning, everything had looked as it always had done. The cobbled road had been littered with discarded children’s carts, and bits of wood taken from the bomb-site on Warwick Way that the boys used as cricket bats. Old women like Mrs Baxter at number twenty six had been standing on their doorsteps, nagging to some poor sap who’d passed by, and not managed to get away in time; and most of all, number seven ‘a’ - the little flat she’d shared with her mother, had been there; waiting for her to come home to.
Even though it was half past four in the morning, the street was filled with people – mainly men, their faces painted black from the ashes, climbing over the wreckage, all working silently. As Evie tried to enter, a man in an ARP uniform came towards her, arms outstretched, trying to prevent her going further into the carnage.
‘Back now miss,’ he said. ‘There’s nothing for you to see. You’d better get yourself to a shelter. We don’t know if there’s going to be another raid.’
‘Where’s my mother?’ Evie panicked. She was trying not to cry, convinced if this elderly man had to deal with her histrionics, he would write her off as a silly girl and send her packing even quicker. ‘I live at number seven. Where’s my mother?’
‘Just wait there,’ he said and he turned and walked off into the rubble. Evie dare not look at it properly. She’d heard so many horror stories from the girls at Prebble’s about how, when their local areas had been raided, they’d found body parts littering the streets for days afterwards.
Evie felt so guilty. She’d let her friend Cathy Gold persuade her to go the Lyon’s corner house in High Holborn, even though they knew the risk of air-raids was high tonight. When the siren had come, they’d been evacuated into the Aldwych Tube Station, where she’d remained until they got the all clear. It was only as she’d walked the couple of miles from Aldwych to Pimlico that she overheard the frightened gasps of those who passed her by, all declaring this had been the Jerries’ worse night yet. The air was filled with the sound of fire bells, as engines raced to get to the worse scenes. In her innocence, Evie had never thought that her home would be hit - stupid really given that a lot of Pimlico had already been struck. The Germans often aimed for Battersea Power Station, or the railway into Victoria, but they would miss and hit the houses on Vauxhall Bridge Road.
She spotted the ARP man heading her way and beside him was Tommy Mulligan, who lived at number two. Even amongst the horror, and the fear that her mother was dead coursing through her veins, Evie still felt herself shrink back at the sight of her neighbour. Tommy was a scruffy, bullish boy who had tormented Evie since they were small children. At school he had often pulled her chair away from her so she’d fall onto the floor; or he’d put worms in her dinner. Once, when she’d been walking down Victoria Street with Shirley Hancock, her best friend, he’d thrown rocks at them from a pile of sandbags. Evie had been so disappointed when his little brother Raymond had been evacuated, and Tommy hadn’t gone with him. Like her, he was fifteen now, and had started work in an armaments factory in Battersea and was needed for the war effort.
‘Y’mum’s gone to hospital Evie,’ Tommy said, wiping his nose with the back of his hand. His snot causing a white streak to appear in the soot on his face.
‘Which hospital?’ Evie snapped, still not sure if he was lying to her.
‘St Thomas’s. They’ve taken them all there.’
‘Right,’ Evie replied and she suddenly felt woozy. The enormity of everything that had happened got to her and she stumbled. Tommy rushed forward and grasped her by the shoulders.
‘Is she alright?’ the ARP man asked.
‘Yeah, she’ll live,’ Tommy quipped. ‘I’ll look after her.’
The last thing Evie wanted was to be looked after by Tommy Mulligan. He was likely to try and kick her, or take her to the wrong hospital or something. But she felt so weak, so giddy, that she couldn’t refuse. Right at that moment, she needed someone to take care of her.
‘Come on,’ he said, putting his arm around her shoulder. ‘I’ll take you to St Thomas’s.’
He walked off and Evie sort of stumbled beside him. He may have been a ‘working man’ now, but he still looked like such a boy. He still wore short trousers - although Evie guessed that was because his mum Irene couldn’t afford to buy new ones; and all his wages went in his dad’s pocket, to be spent in the pub. His scruffy dark blonde hair was filthy and sticking up on end, and his cheeky face was practically black. Evie guessed most of this was from helping out on the bomb sites, but Tommy never looked clean anyway.
‘Where’s your mum and dad?’ she asked as they walked out of the horror of Morrison Street, to the relative calm of the Embankment. The Thames flowed along, just as it had for hundreds of years - untouched by events around it.
‘They made it to the shelter as soon as the siren came,’ he said. 
‘I didn’t see. Did your house get hit?’
‘Yeah, totally flattened,’ he smirked and Evie wondered how he could be happy about it. ‘Mum and dad have gone to stay with Aunty May in Fulham.’
‘Then you should go too.’
‘Nah, I wanted to help out. Mum’s happy cos she reckons old Billington’s gonna have to move us somewhere nice now.’
‘Really?’
‘Yeah, he’s bound to move us into one of those posh houses in Surrey he’s bought.’
Evie remained silent, but couldn’t help but be sceptical. Their landlord, Mr Billington wasn’t known for his generosity; and just because he’d recently bought a street of houses in Croydon, it didn’t mean he intended it for those who lived in his more ‘basic’ properties in London. Most of the residents down Morrison Street were his tenants and Evie had no idea what was going to happen to any of them now they had nowhere to live. But she couldn’t worry about that now. Her main concern was that her mum was alright.
‘You look nice,’ Tommy said. ‘You been somewhere fancy?’
Evie blushed and remembered the coral pink lipstick she was wearing. Cathy had lent it to her to brighten her face up before they went to the Corner House. She was also in her work uniform of the navy blue blouse and matching skirt, and even though Evie always felt her scruffy, tweed second-hand coat let her outfit down, compared to Tommy, she looked smart.
‘I just went to the Lyon’s Corner House after work,’ she said. ‘We had to go into the Aldwych as soon as the siren went. I didn’t think Pimlico would be hit.’
‘Where do you work then?’
‘Prebble’s the ladies’ outfitters in Holborn,’ she replied.
‘That’s why you always look so pretty when you’re going to work.’
Evie blushed deeply, not used to boys paying her compliments. And it was a shock hearing it from Tommy. He’d always been so vile to her. She didn’t know what to say. It was probably easiest to change the subject, and she did feel bad - flirting with boys when her mum was hurt.
‘So did you see Mum?’ she asked. ‘Was she hurt badly?’
‘Couldn't really see,’ he replied, although Evie caught a sort of evasiveness in his voice, as if he was trying not to answer, and this scared her. ‘I just saw her on the stretcher, and I know the ambulances were going to St Thomas's.’  He looked at Evie and squeezed her shoulder a bit tighter. ‘She'll be okay Evie,’ he said. ‘My Aunt Lucy was caught in a direct hit, and all she got was a broken leg.’
Evie wanted to share Tommy's optimism, and in all fairness, he had seen her mum and saw what sort of state she was in. But Evie couldn't quell her terror. She couldn't go on without her mum. It had always been just the two of them, and the thought of trying to cope alone was unbearable. She was so glad she had Tommy with her; he could at least try and cheer her up a bit and take her mind off things. 
After what felt like the longest walk of Evie’s life, they finally reached the mighty hospital on the banks of the Thames, close to Westminster Bridge. A fortress of sandbags surrounded it, and leaning against them were a couple of young female ambulance drivers who were having a cigarette. Tommy wolf-whistled them as he passed and one laughed and reached out, ruffling his hair and calling him a cheeky little bugger. Evie was so nervous she could barely feel her feet as she walked. Being here made it real. Her mum was in there, injured after the house had fallen upon her and she was going to have to be brave and go in face it all.
‘I can’t go in Tommy,’ she fretted before entering the huge wooden doors. ‘What if she’s in a state?’
‘Even if she is, she’ll want to see you won’t she?’ he urged. ‘Go on, go in.’
The hospital resembled Bedlam. Nurses and doctors rushed about the corridors, pushing beds and carrying stretchers. A couple of soldiers sat in uniform, clutching their cut and bleeding heads. Evie wasn’t sure if this was done in the line of duty or they’d been out drinking and fell over. One of them winked at her as she walked past and she guessed he wasn’t that traumatised by what had happened to him.
The two children were found by a kindly-faced nurse who led them up to the third floor, where the injured from tonight’s raid had been taken. Evie was so scared, that when Tommy slipped his hand through hers as they mounted the stairs, she barely noticed and didn’t pull away. When they reached their destination, the nurse turned to face them before she let them go in.
‘Now you two,’ she said in a firm but sweet voice. ‘You’re going to see some things in here that you might find a bit frightening. But don’t be alarmed, everyone is being looked after very well.’
Without saying a word, Tommy squeezed Evie’s hand, and she wondered if he could hear her heart beating. It felt as though it was bursting out of her chest, and she was convinced everyone else would be able to hear it too.
They stepped into the ward and Evie flinched at the horrible smell of burnt clothes, flesh, blood and disinfectant. Screams of pain came from behind a curtain that had been pulled around one of the beds. In another sat a small boy with a bloodied bandage wrapped around a stump at the end of his arm. He stared into space, his eyes fixed in terror, and it upset Evie that he had no one with him. The nurse strode ahead, checking the names on the clipboards that had been placed at the end of each bed. When she stopped, Evie looked away for a second. Scared of what her mother was going to look like.
‘Here we are,’ the nurse said. ‘Here’s your mum.’
Evie dared to look, and was relieved to see her mother looked fine. She was laying in the bed, her pretty face was sooty but not bloodied. But when the nurse stepped up to her, it was a little alarming that those bright blue eyes didn’t focus on her. Instead they stared into space, as if she was somewhere else completely.
‘Now Daisy, your children are here,’ the nurse said, obviously thinking Evie and Tommy were brother and sister. She turned and picked up the clipboard and read it briefly, and Evie was disturbed by the flicker of emotion that showed on her face as she read. She then put it back and addressed the children once more.
‘Your mother’s very poorly,’ she said quietly. ‘She was badly crushed in the explosion, but she’s comfortable now. Just go easy on her.’
‘She will get better won’t she?’ Evie fretted. ‘You are looking after her?’
‘We’re looking after her, yes. Just chat to her. It’ll cheer her up.’
The nurse walked off, and Evie went to the bed. Tommy hesitated, suddenly coy. Wringing his hands together nervously.
‘I think I’ll wait outside,’ he said.
‘You can stay if you want,’ Evie replied.
‘Nah. Your mum might have private things to say to you. I’ll leave you.’
He turned and walked out of the ward, and Evie let him go. She sat on the wooden chair beside the bed and looked at her mum. Daisy still didn’t focus on her, and she seemed to be in a world of her own. Her hand was lying on the blanket, and Evie reached out and took it, squeezing it tightly, feeling the cold soot soak into her own skin. 
‘Can you see me Mum?’ Evie asked. ‘I’m here.’
‘E-Evie?’ Daisy uttered, her voice quiet and raspy. ‘My Evie? I can’t see you, it’s so dark.’
Evie let out a sob. She wondered if her mother would be left blinded. It didn't matter if she was. They’d muddle along somehow. 
‘I’m going to him,’ Daisy whispered. ‘I’m happy, I’m going to him.’
‘Going to who Mum?’ Evie asked, scared her mother was going mad.
‘William. My beautiful William.’
‘What are you talking about? Do you want me to fetch the nurse?’
‘I’m going to see your father.’
‘My father was called Walter,’ Evie said. ‘And you’re not going to see him. He’s in Heaven.’
‘Your father was called William. William Ashleigh.’
‘Mum you’re delirious, don’t speak. I’ll get a nurse.’
Evie went to get up, but Daisy caught her arm, and with what strength she had left, pulled her back down.
‘Paradise should be yours,’ she rasped, her eyes still focusing in the middle distance. ‘You’re the eldest heir. Paradise should be yours.’
‘No mum,’ Evie laughed nervously. ‘Paradise was the house you worked in when you were a girl.’
‘Priscilla will look after you,’ Daisy said. ‘Priscilla will tell you all about William.’
Evie was so scared, so confused by everything that had happened and still so riddled with guilt about not going home to her mum earlier, that she started to cry. She didn’t know what Daisy was talking about. She’d told Evie that when she was a girl, she'd been a maid at a house in Surrey that was nicknamed ‘Paradise’ because of its fancy, tropical gardens and was owned by Lord and Lady Ashleigh. Then she'd married Walter Wallis and he'd died just before Evie was born. She'd never mentioned anyone called William.
‘I don’t know what you’re saying,’ she sobbed. ‘Please stop it Mum. Rest, you’re tired.’
‘I want you to talk to Priscilla,’ Daisy rambled on. ‘I have to go Evie. I’m so sorry my Evie.’
She stopped talking and her breath started coming in sharp stabs. Finally she closed her eyes and Evie was relieved that her mother was going to sleep. She lived in hope that tomorrow morning she would awaken and be back to her normal self. 
As her sobs abated, tiredness took over, and Evie found herself falling asleep. Still holding onto her mother’s hand, she slumped forward, her head resting on the bed. As she dozed off, her last thought was that she hoped Tommy wouldn’t wait for her. He had work in the morning and would need to find somewhere to sleep.
She was awoken by the sensation of someone grasping her shoulders and lifting her up. Opening her eyes, she came-to and realised she was still holding her mother’s hand, and as she looked around, she saw it was a nurse who was easing her away.
‘Come on sweetheart,’ she said softly. ‘It’s too late now.’
Evie looked back at her mother and saw she was still asleep. But her chest wasn’t rising and falling. She was still, and as Evie let go of her hand, it didn’t move, just remained where it was, lying limply at her side.
‘No!’ Evie cried. ‘No it isn’t true. No.’
‘She’s at peace now,’ the nurse said. ‘Come outside and we’ll fetch you a cup of tea.’
‘No!’ Evie screamed, lunging forward and throwing herself across Daisy’s body. ‘No, she isn’t dead.’
‘She’s gone,’ the nurse said. ‘Come on, be a good girl’
The stockily built nurse was far stronger than the petite Evie, and managed to ease her off her mother’s body and bundle her out of the ward and into the corridor outside. Evie saw that Tommy had fallen asleep across some chairs, and when he heard Evie’s sobs, he awoke.
‘Evie?’ he asked, rubbing his eyes sleepily.
‘My mum’s dead,’ she cried. ‘She’s dead.’
Tommy sat up and Evie slumped beside him. He took her in his arms and held her tightly to him while she cried. She heard the squeak of the nurse’s shoes as she walked away, but she didn’t want her to go and make her a cup of tea, she just wanted her mum back. 
‘What am I going to do?’ she asked Tommy. ‘I’m all on my own. I haven’t even got a home.’
‘I’ll look after you,’ he said. ‘I know people. I’ll get you somewhere to live.’
‘I shouldn’t have left her. Why did I agree to go to the Lyon’s Corner House? I’m horrible.’
‘You’re not horrible, you’re entitled to have fun.’
‘But I should have been with her. She wouldn’t have died.’
‘You’d have both died.’ Tommy said softly. ‘Stop being so hard on yourself.’
The nurse returned with a cup of tea and a clipboard, and asked Evie some basic questions about her mother; like her full name and date of birth and their address. She explained that the body would soon be released for the funeral and asked Evie if she had somewhere to go. Evie said she was able to go and stay with her aunt, even though she wasn’t sure if her Aunt Priscilla would take her in. But she didn’t want the nurse to know this. If she thought she was homeless, she could end up in some horrible children’s home or an orphanage. Evie didn’t want that. She wanted to sort things out for herself.
Once the nurse had gone, Tommy took Evie’s tea cup and put it on the floor, taking her cold hands and rubbing them vigorously to warm her up.
‘Where are you gonna go?’ he asked.
‘I don’t know,’ she shrugged. ‘Mum told me to go to my Aunt Priscilla in Surrey. She isn’t even my real aunt, she was just mum’s friend and my Godmother. She might not want me.’
‘Well she ain’t gonna turn you away is she?’ 
‘I haven’t got any money for the train. I don’t get paid until the end of the week. And what about my job? Mr Prebble will be expecting me in.’
‘He won’t be expecting you to go in will he? Y’ mum’s just died. It’s more important we find you somewhere to live.’
‘Why are you doing all this for me Tommy?’ she cried. ‘You’ve always been so horrible to me.’
‘Maybe it was because I liked you,’ he blushed. ‘You were always the prettiest girl on Morrison Street. I thought if I was horrible to you, you’d notice me.’
‘You’re mad,’ was all she could say. 
He dug into his pocket, pulling out a woman’s purse and waving it in front of Evie’s face.
‘And I’ll pay for you to get to Surrey,” he said. “I’ve got this. It’s full of money.’
‘Where did you get that from?’ she gasped. ‘It’s not your mum’s is it?’
‘I found it on the street, after the bombing,’ he said. ‘No one else took it, so I thought I’d have it.’
‘That could be a dead person’s.’
‘Well they won’t have no need for it will they? There’s enough money in it to get you to Surrey. Come on, let’s go to Waterloo.’
Still in shock and heart-broken, Evie stumbled along after Tommy, and they walked the short distance to Waterloo Station. A sense of disbelief had enveloped her, and she felt as though she was in a dream. At school she was always being told off for gazing out of the window, and not paying attention in lessons; and sometimes at work she would do the same thing. Perhaps she’d drifted off into a daydream in the tube station, and in a minute she'd open her eyes and be back in the huddled mass, surrounded by smelly bodies; babies crying and men using the ticket machines as urinals. She'd be back there and safe in the knowledge that her mum was at home, alive and well.
Evie heard herself telling Tommy that Aunt Priscilla lived in Haslemere, and waited while he got tickets for their train. Early morning commuters - all bleary eyed after a lack of sleep from spending the night in a shelter, swarmed around, oblivious to her misery. She worried about her job. Who would tell Mr Prebble she wasn't coming in? He would be bound to sack her.
Tommy came back, tucking the tickets into his trouser pocket.
‘We're getting the 8.16 train,’ he said. ‘Right, what's your work number? I'll call them and tell them you're not coming in.’
‘You don't have to do that for me...’
‘Shut up. What is it?’
‘Holborn 56329.’
‘Okay, I'll be back in a minute.’

According to Tommy, Mr Prebble was understanding and told Evie to take as long as she wanted. The two children then got on the train to Haslemere. Evie realised she had no belongings with her - they were still buried under the rubble back at Morrison Street. But she didn't care, she just wanted to see a friendly, female face - someone who knew her mum. She'd only met her Aunt Priscilla a few times before. She was always very nice, and far posher than anyone Evie could imagine her mum being friends with. Apparently they’d met when Daisy was working as a maid at Barnham House - the 'Paradise' she'd been rambling about in her dying moments. Priscilla had been governess, and the two girls had hit it off. They'd kept in touch, and Priscilla was even Evie's Godmother. Evie hoped this gave her some sort of legal obligation to look after her. If she had to go back to London, she would rent a room somewhere - she refused to go into a children's home.

By the time they reached Haslemere, the bright winter sun had risen, making the frost on the roofs twinkle, giving the pretty village a picturesque quality. Evie suddenly remembered that she had no idea how to get to Priscilla's house. She had only ever come here with Daisy, and she would always lead the way.
‘Right, where now?’ Tommy asked.
‘I don't know,’ she uttered, a terrifying feeling of helplessness engulfing her. ‘I don't know! Tommy what am I doing? I don't know where I'm going.’
‘Shshh,’ he said, wrapping his arm around her shoulder. ‘It's okay. What's this lady's surname?’
‘Cray. It's Priscilla Cray.’
‘Alright, well come on then.’
He took Evie's hand and led her into a tiny newsagents close to the station. The shop was so small, the two children filled it, and Evie noticed the old bloke behind the counter viewing them with suspicion - obviously because he didn't recognise them.
‘Morning mate,’ Tommy said. ‘Can you tell me where Mrs Priscilla Cray lives?’
‘What's it to you?’ The man snapped.
‘Her niece here has just lost her mum in a bombing raid up in London and Priscilla's the only family she's got.’
‘How do I know you're telling the truth?’
He wasn't going to help, and Evie's feeling of terror increased. If she couldn't find Priscilla, she had no hope. She started to cry and Tommy went to her, putting his arm around her shoulder.
‘It's alright,’ he said. ‘We'll ask someone else.’
‘She lives at The Beeches,’ the man suddenly blurted out. ‘Turn left and keep on walking for a hundred yards, it the first road on the left you'll come to.’
‘Thanks mate,’ Tommy said. ‘Come on Evie, let's go.’
Evie was unable to stop crying - even though they were now on the right track. The numbness had turned to hysterics and she felt so out of control, Tommy had to practically drag her along the road. They followed the newsagent's directions and as soon as Evie saw The Beeches, she recognised it. The house was so grand and posh. Why would her mum ever think Aunt Priscilla would take her in? She wanted to turn and run, and wondered if Tommy would pay her fare back to London. Maybe she could sleep on a park bench, then find a little bed and breakfast when she got paid at the end of the week.
Still holding onto her, Tommy stepped up to the front door and rang the bell. Through her tears, Evie could just about see the holly wreath on the door, and she wondered how anyone could celebrate Christmas when the world was in the grip of such horror.
The door opened and Aunt Priscilla stood there, dressed in a smart blue utility suit; in the middle of fixing up her long, black hair with Bobby pins - one of which was hanging from her mouth. She almost dropped it when she saw Evie standing there. Propped up against a scruffy young boy, sobbing.
‘Evie?’ she gasped. ‘Evie whatever's happened?’
‘Can we come in missus?’ Tommy asked. ‘Something horrible's happened to Evie's mum.’
‘Come in, come in,’ Priscilla said. 
They walked into the hall that smelt of beeswax polish and antique furniture, and Priscilla eased Evie away from Tommy and grasped her by the shoulders, looking her in the eye.
‘Evie are you okay?’ she asked.
‘A bomb fell on their house,’ Tommy said. ‘Mrs Wallis took the worst of it.’
‘She told me to come to you!’ Evie cried. ‘Before she.... She said you'd look after me.’
‘Oh you poor little thing,’ Priscilla said, pulling Evie to her and squeezing her against her bony body. ‘You poor poor thing. And my poor poor Daisy.’
‘You will take care of her won't you missus?’ Tommy asked.
‘Of course I will. And what about you? You look tired and hungry. What's your name sonny?’
‘Tommy. Tommy Mulligan. I'm Evie's friend.’
‘Well why don't you go up to the bathroom Tommy? It's at the top of the stairs. You can have a wash and clean yourself up. I'll get Mrs Brown to make you some breakfast.’
‘Thanks!’ Tommy gasped.
‘I'm going to take Evie up to bed. She needs her rest. She's had a terrible shock.’
Still delirious, Evie was barely conscious of Priscilla helping her up the stairs to the top floor and into the tiny spare room. It had once been part of the attic and the eaves still dropped down low, over the bed. Priscilla helped Evie off with her coat, sitting her down and taking off her shoes and pulling out the pins from her hair so her long, blonde locks fell all over her face. She eased her into the bed and covered her up; then sat beside her, stroking her hair.
‘Get some sleep Evie,’ she said. ‘Don't come down until you feel ready.’

Evie slept for twenty-four hours. The next time she awoke, her watch said it was nearly half past six - the next morning. Her bladder was at bursting point and her bones ached from lying in one position. She got out of bed, and for a moment felt guilty for thinking how much nicer this cosy bedroom was than the small, damp room she shared with her mum back in Pimlico. This then made her feel bad. She'd give anything to have Daisy back, and to sleep in that horrible room once more.
She got up and ran down to the bathroom on the next floor. As she emptied her aching bladder, a feeling of desolation swept over her. She wondered what Priscilla had thought about her sleeping in for so long. And Tommy? What had happened to him?
That question was answered, when Evie left the bathroom and walked up the stairs to her bedroom. Tommy was coming back down again. This time looking much smarter and cleaner. Evie guessed that the pair of long trousers he was wearing belonged to Stephen, Priscilla's son who was about the same age. That unruly honey-coloured hair was slicked down and parted on the side; and she could actually see the freckles on his face, rather than just dirt.
‘Morning Evie,’ he said. ‘How are you feeling?’
‘Tired. How come you're still here?’
‘Mrs Cray let me stop over in the little room at the back of the house. What do you think of the trousers? They're Stephen's?’
‘You’ve met everyone?’
‘Yeah, I spent all day yesterday here. I got to go now though. Mrs Cray phoned Mr Vine at the factory and said I'd not be in yesterday, but he's expecting me in today. Got to catch the six fifty five train.’
Evie walked up the stairs so they were level. She was so grateful for everything he'd done, she wrapped her arms around his shoulders and held him tightly.
‘Thank you so much Tommy,’ she cried. ‘I'll never forget this. Please say you'll come and see me again.’
‘Course I will,’ he said, rubbing her back. ‘You look after yourself.’
‘Come to the funeral. I'll write to you at the factory and tell you where it is.’
Tommy pulled away and kissed Evie on the cheek.
‘I wish you weren't gonna be living so far away,’ he smiled. ‘I'd ask you to be my sweetheart.’
‘Maybe when we're older. When I come back to London.’
‘I'll hold you to that. Come on, I want to say bye to Mrs Cray.’
Tommy took Evie's hand and led her downstairs to the cosy kitchen at the back of the house. Mrs Brown, the chubby housekeeper with a shock of white hair, was at the cooker making breakfast, while Priscilla and Stephen sat at the table, drinking tea. As far as Evie remembered, Charles, Priscilla's husband ran his own building company down in Portsmouth and no doubt had already left for work. On seeing Evie and Tommy, Priscilla stood up and clasped her bony hands together.
‘Evie,’ she gasped. ‘How are you feeling?’
‘A little better,’ she replied quietly. ‘Thank you Aunt Priscilla.’
‘And don't you look smart Tommy?’
‘Yes thank you Mrs C. I'll send you the money for the trousers.’
‘Don't be silly, take them with my blessing. They were getting too short for Stephen anyway.’
Evie glanced at Stephen - who was tall, dark and rangy - the spitting image of his mother. And when he rolled his eyes at what Priscilla had said, it made her chuckle.  
‘I'm quite aware my son is making faces behind my back,’ Priscilla sighed, pretending to be angry. ‘Just ignore him.’
She held her hand out to Tommy and he shook it.
‘Nice to meet you and thanks for letting me stay.’
‘It was a pleasure. Keep in touch Tommy.’
‘I will, I promise.’
Tommy once more kissed Evie on the cheek, wished her luck and ran out. For a moment Evie felt as bereft without Tommy by her side, as she had when she'd lost her mum.
It took three days before Evie started to feel more 'normal' again. She spent most of her time in bed, visited by Mrs Brown and Priscilla. On one occasion Stephen came in and asked her if she wanted to go for a snowball fight, but Evie had been so wrapped up in her own world, she hadn’t even noticed that it had snowed; and although she declined Stephen's offer, when she looked out of her bedroom window, she couldn’t help but feel a sense of childish excitement on seeing Priscilla's huge garden covered in snow - making it look like a Christmas card.
On the Saturday afternoon, Charles took Stephen to Fratton Park to watch Portsmouth FC play, and so Evie and Priscilla were left alone. Priscilla was making mince pies, and the kitchen smelt heavenly. The house Evie had shared with her mum had never smelt like this. The paraffin they needed for heating had created such a stink it had obliterated everything else. Evie sat quietly at the huge pine table in the centre of the room, writing the names of the teachers in the village school where Priscilla was the headmistress on labels of home-made damson jam. The Crays had a large damson tree in the garden, and as most things were in short supply, Priscilla could at least make some jam. She had a contact who'd got her some sugar, but she preferred not to reveal his name. Dealing goods on the Black Market could lead to long prison sentences. Evie had only ever known Priscilla to be a teacher and wasn't sure why she’d stopped being a governess. There seemed to be so many secrets, and Evie still couldn't forget what her mother had said before she died. It was all so confusing.
‘You didn't forget to give your letter to Mrs Brown to post did you?’ Priscilla asked, pushing a lock of hair from her face as she rolled the pastry. ‘Tommy did say he would come.’
‘Yes, I did,’ Evie replied. ‘I hope he can make it down here.’
‘Maybe we should have arranged the funeral to be in London. But as you're going to be living here now, I thought you would like to have your mother's grave nearby.’
‘You don't have to keep me here permanently,’ Evie said. ‘I should really be getting back to London, and my job.’
Priscilla left her pastry-making and came and sat beside Evie, taking her hands and covering them in flour.
‘I made a promise a long time ago to your mother that I would look after you if anything happened to her. I am your Godmother after all. Now, you can say no, but there’s an opening for a junior secretary in Charles's office. We've talked about it and were wondering if you would like to do it.’
‘Me? I've never done secretarial work before.’
‘Doesn't matter, you can learn. You'd have to speak to Charles about your wages, but you'll always have a home here. Whatever you decide.’
‘Thank you,’ Evie sniffed. She still became tearful easily, and the thought of her mum's funeral the following Wednesday made a knot form in her tummy. ‘Aunt Priscilla?’
‘Yes?’
‘Mum was rambling just before she died. She was saying all these things about Walter Wallis not being my father, and that she wanted to go to William Ashleigh. She said you would tell me.  What did she mean? Why did she keep talking about the house she used to work in?’
‘People say lots of things when they’re dying,’ Priscilla replied rather curtly. ‘I wouldn’t take any notice.’
‘But she kept on and on,’ Evie said. ‘What was she saying to me? Why did she want to be with William Ashleigh?’
‘William was shot down during an air battle the other week,’ Priscilla replied. ‘He died in action. It was in the local newspaper and I wrote to Daisy and told her about it. I thought she had a right to know.’
‘Why?’
Priscilla looked down and started twisting her wedding ring.
‘Your mother and William enjoyed a friendship,’ was all she said.
‘Is he my father?’
‘Y-Yes.’
‘But Mum always said it was someone called Walter Wallis. Who was he? What did she mean about me being the heir to Paradise?’
‘Because William was the only son and so as his only child, you would be the heir. But it doesn’t matter Evie. What matters is sorting your life out now.’
‘But if we’d have stayed living in the house, Mum wouldn’t have been killed. There isn’t bombing down here is there?’
Priscilla reached out and grasped Evie’s arm.
‘Don’t torment yourself Evie,’ she urged. ‘It isn’t worth it. It’s all in the past.’
‘Please Aunt Priscilla. Tell me the truth. I’ve had so much happen, and now I haven’t even got my mum. I hate all these secrets being kept about me.’
‘Okay I’ll tell you,’ Priscilla said. ‘But please just forget about it afterwards. Daisy loved you so much and she was a mother and father to you. No-one else mattered. It’s your future that’s important. Not the past. Let it go and get on with the rest of your life. A pretty young girl like you will be able to do so much once this blessed war is over.’

Book One

Daisy

Chapter One
July 1924

Every young maid at Barnham House was bursting with excitement at the prospect of Miss Estelle’s wedding. The Ashleigh family’s eldest daughter was marrying the Rt Hon Jonathan Salter, who was part of a wealthy family from Dorset. ‘Paradise’, as Barnham House was known, had been built for pleasure, and it seemed to come to life when there was going to be a party. In the early eighteenth century, the Duke of Hampshire had built it purely as a fun palace for the huge weekend parties he held for six months of the year. Then when his only daughter married Lord Peregrine Ashleigh, the house went to them, and the Ashleigh family had lived there ever since. When their grandson, Lord Giles Ashleigh had married the American belle Patti Le Beaulieu in 1870, Patti had decided to paint the grand house white, like some Mississippi mansion. This wasn’t enough, and she’d employed a landscape gardener to transform the grounds at the back of the house into a tropical paradise, and that was how it had got its nickname.  Once Patti died, it had just reverted to being a house with a fancy garden; but someone had once called it 'an old maid, sitting in her party frock, waiting for the invitation that never came.' Well that was about to change, and Daisy West, for one, couldn't wait for the festivities to begin.
As a general maid, it was normally Daisy’s task to fetch and carry plates and trays. But today she’d been given the job of helping Mrs Rogers, the housekeeper decorate the ballroom where the reception was going to be held. The other maids had all been assigned to make beds and tidy rooms for the guests. But ever since Daisy had saved little Imelda, the youngest daughter in the family from drowning in the lake, earlier that month, she had become somewhat of a pet to Lady Ashleigh. So much so, that when one of Lady Ashleigh’s cousins, a photographer called Sven Carlsson, had come to stay the week before; while he was taking pictures of the house and the staff, he asked Lady Ashleigh’s permission to photograph Daisy alone because she was so pretty. This had not gone down well with the other maids, and Daisy enjoyed being the subject of their jealousy
Right at this moment, Mrs Rogers had Daisy up on a stool, polishing the bevelled glass mirror that hung above one of the two mantelpieces. The older woman tried to pretend she wasn't keeping a beady eye on Daisy as she worked; and while it appeared she was dusting the Queen Anne chairs, it seemed as though she knew everything the young maid was doing.
‘Just remember that mirror came from the Palace of Versailles, Daisy,’ she warned. ‘It's very old, so don't be too rough with it.’
‘I'm being extra careful Mrs Rogers,’ Daisy replied, although she felt like poking her tongue out at the old bag.
Daisy could hear the other maids giggling upstairs and a part of her wished she could join them. At least they were having a laugh, and she knew once they found out she'd been given special favours and was helping Mrs Rogers, she'd be sent to Coventry for a few days. They couldn’t abide favouritism – especially towards a maid who’d only worked there for a few months.
Hearing the sound of an engine outside, she glanced out of the window and saw Lord Ashleigh's car pulling up onto the drive. Daisy was easily distracted; and all thoughts of doing her polishing went out of her head as she watched the portly Lord Ashleigh heave himself out of the little car and walk round to the other door. He opened it and took out a suitcase, and after it, came a young man. Daisy had heard that William, the only son, was coming home from school, but she'd had no idea he'd be such a dish. Daisy had never met him before - she'd been in the job since April, and he’d already gone back to school after the Easter holidays. The only picture where he was the house was the painting that hung in the small drawing room of him as a golden haired little boy. But he looked different now - tall and smartly dressed in a grey suit. His floppy hair was still golden, but his beautiful face was that of a man's.
‘Daisy what are you doing?!’ Mrs Roger's voice snapped her back to reality, and Daisy realised she'd been idly polishing the same spot in the glass, whilst staring out the window.
‘I was...I was...’
She thanked God for the distraction of the knock on the door. It opened and in walked Miss Bryant, Imelda's governess. Like Daisy, she hadn't worked here long. Daisy heard that Miss Thatcher, the previous governess left under great scandal: but so far no-one had told her exactly what had happened.
‘Imelda's having a sleep, so Lady Ashleigh said I should come and help,’ she said whilst rubbing her bony hands together. Daisy thought, rather cruelly, that Miss Bryant looked like a witch. She was tall and thin with jet black hair, and she always wore black clothes like some elderly widow, and yet she was no more than twenty-five.  There was an established hierarchy in the house, and a mere maid such as Daisy would have little to do with the Governess. After all, Miss Bryant actually lived in the main house, not in the servants’ quarters, which made her almost part of the family. The most Daisy had ever had to say to her was a polite ‘good morning ma’am’, and even now she felt as though she should do a little curtsey from atop her stool.
‘Well if you don't mind Miss, it would be much appreciated,’ Mrs Rogers said politely. ‘But I don't want to put you to any trouble.’
‘Don't be silly. I'll only be idle, twiddling my thumbs and waiting for Imelda to wake up, otherwise. What needs doing?’
‘Well the Lady wants all the valuable ornaments wrapped in paper and put in that tea chest over there. Perhaps you could help Miss Bryant, Daisy. You're a fat lot of good with that mirror.’
Daisy was still half distracted. She could hear male voices out in the hall and realised it must have been Lord Ashleigh and William coming into the house. How she longed to pop her head out of the door and get a glimpse of the beautiful young master of the house. Daisy was often distracted by boys. On a Sunday, she and Susan - one of the other maids, would take the bus down to Portsmouth, and Daisy would spend her day gazing at sailors, and giggling excitedly when one would chat her up. And that happened quite often. With her golden hair and big blue eyes, Daisy was very pretty. When she'd daringly had her hair cut into a bob, Mrs Rogers had gone mad, insisting she kept it pinned at the sides at all times. But she still knew she was more glamorous than the other maids, and she wondered if she could get young master William to fancy her - like other boys did.
‘Come on Daisy,’ Miss Bryant said, snapping her out of her reverie. ‘Let's sort these ornaments out.’
Miss Bryant took the pile of newspapers out of the tea chest and passed them to Daisy.
‘Why don't you wrap the things up, and I'll put them in the chest?’ she smiled. Daisy nodded and stepped down off the stool; and when she did, she realised she only came to Miss Bryant's shoulder.  Just then, the bell rang and Mrs Rogers tutted.
‘That’ll be the Lady,’ she said. ‘Miss Bryant, I’m trusting you to stop this girl getting up to mischief.’
Mrs Rogers left the room, and as soon as the door was shut, Miss Bryant burst out laughing. Just this simple act changed her whole face, and it was as though the sun had come out. Dimples appeared in her cheeks and her eyes twinkled playfully.
‘She’s rather highly-strung isn’t she?’ she giggled. ‘Is she always like that?’
‘Yes,’ Daisy replied. ‘She talks to us maids as though we were stupid. I do know what I’m doing.’
‘I’m sure you do. More than I do. I don’t know what’s valuable and what isn’t.’
Daisy looked towards the sideboard, which was covered in Capodimonte and Meissen figurines.
‘Pretty much all of them are. The Lady wants them out the way in case one of the guests knocks them over in the excitement.’
‘I guess we’d better start then,’ Miss Bryant said.
Daisy walked over to the sideboard and picked up a Capodimonte figurine of a couple of children hunting. It was gaudy and tacky and Daisy thought it looked like something you’d win on a seaside stall. But what did she know?
‘You haven’t been here long have you?’ Miss Bryant asked as Daisy passed her the ornament and she wrapped it up in a page of The Times. ‘Where did you work before?’
‘I was working in the kitchens of the orphanage where I lived,’ Daisy replied. ‘Each year, Lady Ashleigh picks two girls from the orphanage to come and work for her; and this year she picked me and Alice Bailey who works in the kitchen.’
‘You were in an orphanage?’ Miss Bryant frowned.
‘Yeah, I grew up there. I never knew my mum or dad. But it was okay. It was a nice place. Not like what you read in books or anything. We were well taken care of.’
‘Even so, it makes one feel rather spoilt.’
‘Where did you grow up then?’ Daisy picked up a porcelain model of a bunch of flowers, and when she noticed the head of one of them was loose, she panicked, hoping she wouldn’t get the blame.
‘I grew up in Farnborough,’ Miss Bryant replied. ‘I did want to be a teacher, but my sweetheart, Walter, was killed two days before the War ended and my schoolwork fell by the wayside somewhat. I became a governess instead, but I went to night school and did my exams and I’ve just found out I’ve got a job as a teacher at Haslemere School. I start in January. One of the ladies there is leaving to get married and I’m taking her place.’
‘So there’ll be another governess coming here?’
‘No, Imelda will be going to school then. I heard about what you did, saving her from drowning. That was very brave of you.’
‘I just did what I should. Nanny wasn’t paying attention, and didn’t notice when she fell in the lake. I happened to see it and I dived in.’
‘Well I can’t swim, so you have my full admiration.’
The door opened and Mrs Rogers came in, her face all flustered.
‘I’ve got to help the Lady with the maids’ uniforms. They’re in a terrible state. That includes you Daisy. I want you looking immaculate on Saturday. I’ll be back in a while.’
She left the room and Daisy carried on wrapping the ornaments.
‘It's nice to be working with someone else,’ Miss Bryant smiled. ‘I seem to spend all my time either with Imelda or by myself. Nanny and I tried to be friends but we seem to have very little in common.’
Daisy couldn't help but burst out laughing. It was common knowledge throughout Barnham House that Bertha Walsh - Imelda's nanny - was an absolute pain in the arse.
‘What's so funny?’ Miss Bryant smiled.
‘Everybody feels that way about her. Apparently she thinks she's special because she worked in the nursery at Sandringham House for Princess Maud, the King’s sister. She reckons Lady Ashleigh poached her, but I’ve heard rumours she got the sack for smacking Prince Alexander.’
‘Well I’m not one to indulge in gossip. I’d prefer to think our friendship hasn’t blossomed because she’s considerably older than me.’
‘Well I can’t stand her. She always talks to us maids like we're dirt, and she don't like it now because I saved Imelda while she had her back turned, and the Lady likes me for it.’
Miss Bryant smiled sheepishly.
‘Well I'm glad everyone thinks she's beastly. I was beginning to think it was just me!’
The morning went quickly for Daisy, as she and Miss Bryant - or Priscilla, as she asked to be called - worked and chatted. Priscilla's stern physical image belied her cheerful, friendly manner. Daisy also found out that she had a sweetheart called Charles, who worked for his father's construction company. Priscilla was hoping he would soon propose, and Daisy was so jealous. Once upon a time she’d dreamt of becoming a movie star; but now all she wanted was to meet and marry a wealthy young man who would keep her in comfort. The last thing she wanted was to be a maid for the rest of her life.
When Mrs Rogers returned, just before lunchtime, she was impressed on finding the ornaments all packed away neatly, and nothing broken. Priscilla had even finished the mirror off for Daisy - she was tall enough to reach it without the aid of a stool.
‘Daisy you need to help out in the kitchen,’ Mrs Rogers ordered. ‘Master William wants his lunch.’
That got Daisy's interest. She said farewell to Priscilla, thanking her for her help, and left swiftly - just catching sight of Mrs Roger's bemused face, clearly wondering why the young maid was so eager to do kitchen duty for a change.
Daisy went down to the massive kitchen at the bottom of the house. Usually it was a hive of activity, with various members of staff dashing about, ensuring everything was running smoothly; but today it was empty, except for Mrs Collins who was assistant to Mrs Hurley, the Cook. She stood at the stove, stirring a huge pan of something. The larder door was closed, but from behind it, Daisy could hear Mrs Hurley’s loud voice, ordering someone about.
‘All the food for the wedding's arrived,’ Mrs Collins told Daisy. ‘We’re all too busy sorting it out. I need you to take this soup up to Master William.’
Daisy was about to say 'with pleasure', but Mrs Collins wasn't known for her sense of humour.
‘Yes Mrs Collins,’ was all she said, and she waited patiently while Mrs Collins ladled some tomato soup into a bowl. She placed it on a tray and put some bread and butter on a plate, and passed it to Daisy.
‘Now don't spill any down your uniform,’ she tutted, as if Daisy had already committed the crime. ‘And I want you to collect it from him when he's finished.’
‘Yes Mrs Collins,’ Daisy replied, almost snatching the tray off her. ‘Thank you Mrs Collins.’
The three Ashleigh children occupied the West Wing of the house, their bedrooms were all on one floor, along with Nanny's apartment and Priscilla's room. As Daisy passed Estelle's bedroom, she couldn't help but feel excited to know that in there her beautiful wedding dress would be hanging up.  Of course, the likes of Daisy would never be privy to it, and she would only get to see it on Saturday, when everyone else did. But she envied Estelle so much. She wasn't even pretty, and yet she’d ensnared Jonathan Salter, and by all accounts, he was quite a dish.
Master William's bedroom was at the end of the hallway; and before she went in, Daisy balanced the tray on one arm and touched up her hair with the other. Checking her reflection in the mirror that hung by the door. She told herself to stop being silly. She was only a maid, and William probably wouldn't even notice she was there. But she couldn't stop herself from being vain - it was in Daisy's blood.
She knocked on the door, and William called for her to come in. Daisy entered the room, and found him standing by the window looking out at the grounds. He had taken off his blazer and just stood in his trousers and shirt, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, showing forearms that were muscular and tanned. The sun shone onto his golden hair, and Daisy could see his skin was tanned and healthy. He really was quite beautiful.
On hearing Daisy come in, he turned and smiled at her. 
‘Hello,’ he said brightly. ‘I haven't seen you before. What's your name?’
‘Daisy, sir,’ she said, doing a polite little curtsy. ‘Here is your soup.’
He strode over to her and took the tray, laying it upon the ottoman at the bottom of his bed.
‘Mama thinks I'm some sort of invalid just because I've had a long journey from school,’ he quipped. ‘I feel like a prisoner trapped in here.’
‘Yes sir,’ was all Daisy said, aware it would be rude to enter into a conversation with him. Especially one that involved criticising his mother.
He put his hands into his pockets and rocked backwards onto his heels, tossing his head to flick that floppy fringe out of his eyes.
‘So how long have you worked here Daisy?’ he asked.
‘Nearly three months sir.’
‘Oh do stop calling me sir, my name's William. Hang on. Daisy. Are you the one that saved Smelly from drowning?’
‘Smelly?’
‘Forgive me. Imelda, it's my pet name for her. Mama wrote and told me all about it.’
‘It was all anyone would do.’
‘Mama also said Mrs Rogers often complained about you because you were too chatty. I see no evidence of that now.’
'I'm trying to behave myself.’ She stopped herself from saying sir, but she definitely could not call him William.
‘Well I won't get you into trouble then,’ he smiled. ‘You will come and collect my things though won't you?’
‘Yes sir.’
‘Yes William.’
‘Yes William.’
‘Good. I'll see you in a while.’
Daisy left the room and had to compose herself for a moment, trying to understand exactly what had just happened in there. That was the longest conversation she'd ever had with any member of the Ashleigh family, except for Lady Ashleigh when she'd first employed her and had given her a welcome tea in the smallest drawing room, and when she’d saved Imelda. They were a very nice family to work for - never cruel to the staff or over-demanding, but a definite line was drawn where conversation with the servants was concerned. Even little Imelda, as young as she was, was always very polite to the staff, but she didn't try to chat to them.
But William had turned Daisy’s head, and she skipped back down to the kitchen, excited that she would see him again in a little while. And this time she would talk. When it came to it, he was her master and if he requested her conversation, then it was her duty to respond.
Mrs Collins was now at the huge table, tenderising some meat, ready for dinner that night; and  Daisy couldn't help but wonder, as the woman bashed the meat with a mallet, if she was imagining it was Mrs Hurley - everyone knew the two of them didn't get on.
‘There's some bread and cheese over there Daisy,’ Mrs Collins said. ‘Why don't you have some? There'll be no time for eating this afternoon. Lady Ashleigh has probably got a lot of jobs for you.’
Daisy could barely eat. Her stomach was tying itself up in knots at the thought of seeing William again. She wondered if he was going to be friendly like this to the other maids; or if he just thought she was special. She couldn't even imagine having William Ashleigh as a friend or sweetheart - it would never be allowed.
The bell rang and Daisy saw it was from William's room. She put down her half-eaten bread and picked up her tray, rushing out of the room without even saying a word to Mrs Collins.
She entered the room to find William sitting on the bed; and with a cheeky smile, he patted it.
‘Come and join me for a chat Daisy,’ he said.
‘Your mother will be wanting me to...’
‘If she tells you off, I'll tell her that I was asking you questions because I hadn't met you before.’
Without much hesitation, Daisy sat down beside William. Although she kept a respectable foot or so distance between them.
‘How old are you?’ he asked.
‘Sixteen,’ she replied.
‘Same age as me. When are you seventeen?’
‘Not until February.’
‘You're a month younger than me. I'm seventeen on January the fourteenth. Mama told me in her letter that you're one of her orphanage girls. What happened to your parents?’
Daisy blushed. While she wasn’t particularly embarrassed about her origins, she wanted William to think well of her. But he was her better, and was asking her a question, so she had no choice but to reply.
‘I was a foundling,’ she replied quietly.
‘A foundling?’
‘Yes. My mother left me on the steps of the orphanage.’
‘No note? No message?’
‘No.’
‘That's horrible. You poor thing. Left on a doorstep in February. Were they kind to you in the orphanage? Or was it something like out of a Dickens novel? You can read can't you?’
‘Yes, I can read,’ she laughed. ‘The church school I went to was very good. I always loved reading. Miss Temple, the matron, had a library full of penny dreadfuls and she used to let me go there on a Sunday and read them all.’  
‘What's your favourite book?’
‘Pride and Prejudice.’
‘Mine's Treasure Island. Have you read that?’
‘No.’
‘Well I insist you do.’
He went over to the cabinet beside his bed and knelt down to open it. He pulled out a tatty brown book and came back to Daisy, sitting beside her and passing it to her.
‘It's such a good book. You'll love it.’
‘T-Thank you,’ she uttered. ‘I'll give it you back.’
‘Only when you're finished.’
‘Your mother won't mind you giving this to me?’
‘It's my book. I can do what I want with it.’
‘I suppose I'd better be getting back downstairs.’
‘Can't you stay a bit longer?’
As tempted as Daisy was, she knew it was time to go. She found William's friendliness disconcerting; and she still wasn't sure if he was playing a trick on her or something.
‘No, Mrs Rogers will be looking for me.’
‘Okay, well maybe I'll see you Saturday. Will you be helping at the wedding?’
‘I'm going to be serving food and drinks.’
‘Well I'll see you then.’
‘Yes, and thank you for the book.’
Without being dismissed, Daisy shoved Treasure Island into the pocket of her apron and scurried out of the room and down to the kitchen. She fretted that William would tell his mother that she had left without his permission. She didn’t know what she’d do if Lady Ashleigh sacked her. While she dreamed of one day moving to London and getting an exciting job, she didn't want to do it yet. Not until she'd saved some money. 
Chapter Two

Daisy couldn’t understand why everyone was lying and saying Miss Estelle made a beautiful bride, because she didn't. Her horsy teeth and spotty complexion spoilt anything the white dress and antique lace veil may have brought to her. But even so, Daisy couldn't help but get excited as she and the other maids stood outside Paradise, their uniforms immaculate, their backs straight, and their hair just-so; all waiting to see the bride go off to her wedding. Daisy didn’t tell anyone that she thought Estelle looked just like her father, and that Lord Ashleigh looked just like the horses he liked to ride. William was lucky enough to have inherited his looks from his mother. Ingrid, Lady Ashleigh was part of the Swedish royal family and she was blonde and beautiful - like her son. Little Imelda was the same, with her strawberry blonde ringlets and porcelain complexion. But Estelle, as the oldest, had the Ashleigh looks, and it wasn’t a fortunate inheritance.
Once Estelle and Lord Ashleigh had given a cheery wave to the staff, and got into the white carriage, which was led by two beautifully dressed white horses; Daisy saw Mrs Rogers start to bristle, unable to wait to begin barking orders to the staff. The carriage set off down the drive, ready for its long journey to Guildford Cathedral, and as soon as it disappeared from view, the housekeeper started telling everyone what to do.
‘Everyone inside,’ she called out. ‘Daisy, Jean, Susan, Betty, Louisa. Get down to the kitchen and start bringing the food up to the banqueting room.’
Daisy and the other young maids scurried into the house, and down into the kitchen where Mrs Hurley and Mrs Collins were busy fetching jars and plates of food; and Martin, the young general help, was bringing up bottles of wine from the cellar. They were soon joined by Stubbs, the butler, whose job it would be to serve the wine and oversee proceedings. In ranking, he was even above Mrs Rogers. She looked after the running of the house, but he was the one with access to the family.
Stubbs was a stern looking man. He always wore his dark hair slicked close to his head, and his eyes were like little black beads. He never said very much, and Daisy had little to do with him, and she was glad of that as she found him rather intimidating. He clapped his hands and everyone stopped what they were doing.
‘Lady Ashleigh has kindly asked me to tell you that, should all your duties be done by twenty hundred hours, then you can go upstairs to the smaller banqueting room for a drink to toast the happy couple. If any of you misbehave today, however, you will be forbidden from going. Do I make myself clear?’
‘Yes Mr Stubbs,’ everyone chimed.
‘Jolly good. Now get on with your work. They will all be back in a few hours.’
The house went into overdrive, with servants dispatched to every corner, trying to anticipate anything that might happen. Daisy couldn’t help but envy Priscilla, who had gone to the wedding to keep an eye on Imelda, standing in for Nanny who had gone to her sick mother in Weymouth. Daisy was dispatched to the banqueting room, where she would serve the returning guests. There was great excitement amongst the young maids as the Duke of York and his young wife Elizabeth were coming; and apparently, whenever royalty visited Paradise, it was known to cause hysteria. Daisy had never met a member of the royal family before, and was given strict instructions from Mrs Rogers in how to speak to them and approach them whilst she was serving them. 

When everyone returned to the house, Daisy found she was more excited about seeing William than she was Estelle or the Duke of York. They hadn’t made acquaintance since their encounter the other day, and Daisy wanted to tell him that she had started to read Treasure Island, and that she was really enjoying it. He’d looked so handsome when he’d left that morning, wearing his smart, grey morning suit, with his hair slicked back, but she guessed she wouldn’t have the chance to talk to him today as he would be too preoccupied with his family. It gutted her when she saw him enter the banqueting room with Jonathan Salter’s sister Clarissa, who was a pretty young girl with red hair. They were deep in conversation, and William was laughing at something Clarissa was saying. It cut Daisy to the quick, but she had to maintain her polite smile and get on with the job.
By late afternoon, Daisy was exhausted. Serving one hundred and fifty demanding guests was enough to run anyone ragged, and she was glad when Mrs Rogers told her she could take a break. She wanted some fresh air and took the opportunity to go out into the garden for ten minutes. Even though she wasn’t really allowed out there, Daisy loved the exotic gardens at the back of the house and wished the staff had access all the time. They had their own allotment garden round the other side of the house, where Mrs Hurley grew an array of vegetables; but Daisy liked this one, with its tall palm trees and brightly coloured flowers she’d never seen before. There was a decked area with benches on, and taking the opportunity to enjoy the garden before anyone came out to tell her to move, she sat down, looking out at the jungle before her. She fantasised that if she walked through the overgrowth, out to the other side, she would end up in Africa. There was so much of the world that Daisy wanted to see, and she hated the thought of always being a servant and being restrained to this house, only dreaming of possibilities.
‘How are you Daisy?’ a voice suddenly said, and Daisy jumped out of her skin. She turned around and found William standing by the French doors, a playful smile on his face.
‘I-I’m sorry,’ she uttered. ‘I just needed some fresh air.’
He came out and sat beside her, and she was rather shocked when out of his pocket he took a packet of cigarettes and offered her one - which she refused. He lit one for himself, sighing as he blew out the smoke.
‘Mama doesn’t know about me smoking,’ he said. ‘She says it’s a horrible habit. Makes everything stink.’
‘Do you want me to go back inside? I should be working.’
He looked at her and smiled, small creases appearing at the side of his cornflower blue eyes.
‘No,’ he said. ‘I like you Daisy. Stay with me while I smoke this.’
‘If Mrs Rogers catches me out here…’
‘Stop fretting. Everyone’s too wrapped up in the party to notice us gone.’
‘Miss Salter is very pretty,’ Daisy blurted out.
‘Clarissa? Yes she is. She’s at Roedean.’ He sucked hard on his cigarette, blowing the smoke out and giggling. ‘Don’t you think the Duchess looks like a pygmy?’
‘Don’t be cruel,’ Daisy laughed. ‘She’s what I call…striking. The Duke’s very quiet isn’t he?’
‘You know why don’t you?’
‘No.’
‘Terrible stutter. Can barely get a sentence out.’
‘I didn’t realise. Have you met them before?’
‘First time. I have met the Prince of Wales before though. He came to the school to do a prize giving. Totally different to the Duke - far more confident. I guess you have to be when you’re the heir.’ He looked around at his surroundings. ‘One day this old pile will be mine. I’ll have to get my act together then.’
‘What about if Miss Estelle and Mr Salter have a son? Won’t it go to him?’
‘Cripes no. It’s mine. I’m the boy. But anyway, that’ll be in a hundred years time. Father will live forever.’
He took another puff of the cigarette and stared into space.
‘Is tomorrow your day off?’ he asked.
‘Yes.’
He looked at her and smiled.
‘I suppose you have some sweetheart you go and meet.’
Daisy blushed at being asked such a direct question. She wondered why he would be remotely interested in her love life. After all, they could hardly ‘step out’ together.
‘Me? No, I don’t have a sweetheart.  Me and Susan usually go down to Portsmouth for the day. We’re planning on going up to London one day.’
‘Have you been to London before?’	
‘Never.’
‘Then you must go.’
They were interrupted by another voice, and as soon as Daisy heard it, she guessed she was in big trouble.
‘Daisy!’ Mrs Rogers hissed. ‘Whatever are you doing out here? You know you’re not allowed in those gardens. I’m so sorry Master William.’
‘Don’t apologise,’ William said, discreetly dropping the cigarette onto the decking and extinguishing it with his shoe. ‘I asked Daisy to come out here for a chat.’
‘She hasn’t been doing something she shouldn’t has she? Because if she needs chastising...’
‘No!’ he laughed. ‘I was just asking her what’s there to do around here. We’re the same age, so I thought she’d know.’
‘I see. Well if you’re done with her, she’s needed in the banqueting hall.’
‘Of course.’ He looked at Daisy and smiled, but she could swear there was a glimmer of regret in his eyes. Could he really be sad at their parting?
‘I’ll see you soon Daisy,’ he said.
‘Yes sir,’ she replied and she got up, scurrying into the house behind Mrs Rogers. 
As promised, most of the servants stopped work at eight p.m and gathered in the smaller of the banqueting rooms for their own celebration. Daisy had been scared that Mrs Rogers wouldn’t allow her to join them, after catching her in the tropical gardens; but she guessed that because she was out there with the permission of the young master, there was nothing the housekeeper could do. 
The female servants far outweighed the males. There was Mr Stubbs, still looking rigid and formal, even though he was enjoying a glass of port; and young Martin, who was trying to chat up Jean, the rather plump young maid, who usually looked after Lady Ashleigh. Finally at nine p.m. they were joined by Connors, the chauffer, who had returned from taking some of the less aristocratic guests to Haslemere Station. A lot of the other maids fancied Connors – he was tall, dark and brooding, and rumour had it that before coming to work at the house, he’d made money as a prize fighter. Daisy didn’t know if it was true, but she tried to avoid him as much as she could. There was something intimidating about him, and she was partly glad that he made a beeline for Susan and started chatting to her. But at the same time, Susan was the closest thing Daisy had to a friend, and didn’t like the thought of her maybe stepping out with a man. Who would she have to hang around with then? The prospect of spending every Sunday alone, reading; or wandering around Portsmouth by herself, made her feel very sad and lonely.
The door opened and Priscilla came in. Her cheeks were flushed and there was a twinkle in her dark eyes, and Daisy guessed that she’d been drinking. She’d chosen not to wear her usual black to the wedding and instead had on a very tasteful, deep red two piece. Earlier on, her lipstick had matched her clothes; but with eating and drinking, it had worn off and was no more than a slight stain on her lips.
‘I thought I’d pop in and see how you were all getting on,’ Priscilla said to Daisy. 
‘How was the wedding?’ Daisy asked, sipping her glass of sherry, which she thought tasted disgusting.
‘It was beautiful,’ Priscilla replied. ‘Quite a lot of pomp, but it went very smoothly, and Imelda behaved herself throughout. I’ve just put her to bed, so I thought I’d join you lot.’
‘Are the Duke and Duchess still here?’ 
‘No, they went ages ago. Have you finished work now?’
‘Yes. I’m so tired Priscilla. I’ve been on my feet practically all day.’
‘Why don’t you come up to my room? I’ve got a bottle of whisky that I’ve had since Christmas. I haven’t had anyone to share it with and today feels like the right occasion to open it.’
‘Will it be alright? Me coming up into the house?’
‘Of course it will. You can sleep on my floor if you like. It’s your day off tomorrow isn’t it?’
‘Yes.’
‘Okay. Well why don’t you go and get changed and I’ll see you in a minute?’
Priscilla left the room and Daisy smiled to herself. She liked being friends with Priscilla. She was more interesting than Susan, and she wielded far more influence in the house - should Daisy want to get on at all. Just after Priscilla left, Betty, another of the young maids, walked in. She was slightly older than Daisy, but was a bit slow on the uptake and easy to manipulate. Mrs Rogers made the most of this and had convinced her that she should go on working until ten o’clock, as someone was needed to keep things going. Daisy was shocked when she headed towards her, clutching a piece of paper.
‘There’s a message for you Daisy,’ she said quietly. ‘Master William asked me to give it to you.’
‘Really?’ Daisy frowned. ‘For me?’
‘Yes.’
Betty passed the note to her, and then scurried out the room again. Daisy dare not open the piece of paper, worried that someone would spot her, and start asking questions. Instead, she went over to Mrs Rogers, who was regaling Mrs Hurley with some boring tale no doubt.
‘I’m finishing for the day now Mrs Rogers,’ Daisy said. ‘I’ll see you Monday morning.’
‘Alright,’ Mrs Rogers replied. ‘And no more sneaking off where you’re not allowed.’
‘No Mrs Rogers.’
Daisy left the room, and went downstairs to the servants’ quarters. When she’d arrived at Barnham House, she’d been lucky enough that the only spare room was a single, which meant she wouldn’t have to share with anyone. It was hardly anything posh. The tiny window high up in the wall rather made it look like a prison cell, and the only furniture was a small bed, a wooden cabinet and a tiny wardrobe where she kept the few clothes she had, but it was enough for Daisy.
She changed into a blue cotton dress she’d brought off Anna, one of the maids who’d left to get married. Her new husband was in the Navy, based down in Portsmouth and on a good wage, and Anna had felt there was no need for her to keep lots of her belongings, so they got sold off to the other young maids. The dress was a little long on Daisy, but she liked it because it had a low neck  and intricate beads woven into the front.
Finally she plucked up the courage to open William’s note, scared of what it said. Maybe he was telling her off for causing a scene with Mrs Rogers earlier on. Perhaps he never wanted her to speak to him every again. Sitting down on her bed, she carefully unfolded the paper, her heart racing so hard it felt as though it was going to burst out of her chest.

Daisy
Meet me at Haslemere Station tomorrow at ten o’clock.
William.

Daisy almost dropped the note in shock. Why did William want to meet her? The young master of the house shouldn’t be seen out and about with a maid. Daisy didn’t know what to do. She wanted to go more than anything, but if she went and got found out, she would face instant dismissal and homelessness. She wondered if she should ask Priscilla about it, but decided not to. She knew what she would say without even asking. Daisy and William meeting up was against all the unwritten rules; and there was no way Priscilla would condone it.
Tucking the note into her bedside cabinet, Daisy went upstairs to Priscilla’s room. She didn’t know what she’d do if she bumped into William. Perhaps she would pretend she’d not received the note. Betty was slow, she could make out she’d forgotten to give it to her. This was not a decision she could make straight away. Meeting William Ashleigh could have serious repercussions and Daisy knew she’d have to think about it overnight.
Chapter Three

The following morning, Daisy had her first ever hangover. She'd shared Priscilla’s bottle of whiskey the night before, and as she was not used to drinking neat spirits, she’d got very drunk and ended up falling asleep in a chair. She awoke and found that Priscilla had put a blanket over her and a pillow under her head. Daisy felt awful. Her mouth was dry and her head felt heavy, and she was glad that it was her day off so she didn’t have to work in such a state. Priscilla was standing in front of the mirror on her wardrobe, brushing her hair. When loose, it fell to the middle of her back in silky waves and it made her look younger and prettier. Daisy wondered why she always made herself look so stern.
Priscilla noticed Daisy in the mirror and smiled.
‘How’s the head?’ she asked.
‘It hurts,’ Daisy groaned. ‘I’m so thirsty.’
Priscilla laughed and went over to a sideboard at the other end of the room and poured Daisy a glass of water from the crystal jug that stood on it.
‘It’s beautiful out there,’ she said, as she passed it to her. ‘What are you up to today?’
Daisy suddenly remembered William’s note, and glanced at the carriage clock on the sideboard. It was half past eight. In an hour and a half, he would be waiting for her at Haslemere Station.
‘I don’t know,’ she replied. ‘Perhaps we could do something.’
‘I’m sorry sweetheart, I’m going to see Charles today. I think he’s taking me to Brighton.’
‘I see.’ Daisy tried hard to hide her disappointment.
‘Maybe we could do something next Sunday.’
‘Yes.’
‘It’s lovely sunbathing weather. Perhaps you could sit out in the garden.’
‘Yes, I’m sure I’ll find something to do. I may even go for a walk into St Paul’s Dean. It’s a pretty little village.’
‘Yes, it is. It’s such a lovely day, whatever you do it’ll be fun.’

Daisy returned to her room and changed into a more basic sun-dress. It felt nice to brush her hair and let it fall loose around her ears without the restriction of pins. She put on a little rouge and lipstick to give herself some colour, and - against all her better judgement - set out to meet William.
As she walked out of St Paul’s Dean, the tiny Hamlet in which Paradise was set, and into Haslemere, she questioned her sanity. She wondered why she spent her life doing things like this. One day, she’d gone into Portsmouth with Susan and they met a couple of sailors who spent the afternoon buying them drinks. When the pub shut, they’d asked the girls to go for a walk down by the docks; and even though Daisy didn’t like her sailor very much, she agreed to hold his hand and go off alone with him. He’d pushed her into an alleyway and tried to put his hand up her skirt and terrified, she’d only got away by kneeing him in the groin. Daisy had run all the way to the train station without Susan, and was still shaking when she got back to Barnham House. She’d promised herself there and then that she wouldn’t be silly with boys anymore, and here she was, going off to meet the son of the master of the house.
But foolishness was inherent in Daisy’s nature, and so she ploughed on, walking through the picturesque village, enjoying the hot sun on her skin, feeling the trembling excitement mounting as she thought about seeing William. She wondered if he’d even turn up. Maybe he’d just done it as a dare. Perhaps Clarissa had even egged him on to do something cruel - like asking one of the maids out and getting her hopes up; and in reality, they would hide somewhere and watch Daisy make an idiot of herself.
All her fears were allayed when she reached the station, and found William standing outside, looking dapper in his Oxford bags, leaning against a lamp-post, smoking a cigarette. When he spotted Daisy, he waved eagerly and she waved back, wondering what on earth he had planned for her today.
‘You look lovely,’ he said as she joined him. ‘I was hoping you’d come.’
‘Where are we going?’ she asked.
‘London,’ he smiled. 
‘London?! Won’t your mother be looking for you?’
‘I’ve told Ma and Pa I’m going to see my friend Woody Chandler today. He lives down in Liphook, so they won’t expect me back until later. Come on, let’s go and have some fun.’
Daisy was ready to burst with excitement. Not only was she going to London for the first time, she was going there with William. She still didn’t know why he found her so interesting and wanted to spend time with her; but she didn’t question it and went along for the ride, determined to make the most of it.  In London, no one would know who they were and so couldn’t go running to Lady Ashleigh or Mrs Rogers. They could just be two young people enjoying a day out together.
William bought two tickets to Waterloo and they ran up the steps to the platform, holding hands and giggling as they went. 
‘What are we going to do when we get to London?’ Daisy asked as they reached the platform and she spotted the plume of smoke in the distance, indicating that the train was on its way.
‘Well I thought we could go to St Paul’s Cathedral and maybe Buckingham Palace and the Houses of Parliament. Then we could sit in St James’s Park and have an ice cream.’
‘Sounds exciting. You’ll have to lead the way though. I don’t know London at all.’
‘You’ll love it Daisy. I’m going to live there one day. I’ll only visit Paradise when I have to. It’s so boring there.’
‘I feel like that. The thought of working as a maid for the rest of my life is horrible. I know I shouldn’t speak like that. Your family are very kind to me.’
‘I agree entirely. You seem a bright girl Daisy. I’m sure you could do so much more.’
‘I’d like my own shop, or something like that,’ she said. 
‘I want to be an actor,’ he declared. ‘I’d love to be on the stage.’
‘Do your parents know about that?’ Daisy giggled. 
‘No. Papa wants me to go into law before I take over the estate.’
‘Must be nice to have a future to look forward to though,’ Daisy said glumly.
‘And you have as well,’ he said, putting his arm around her in a comradely manner. ‘A girl as pretty as you will always have doors opened for you.’
The train pulled in and they found a second-class compartment. They were sharing it with a finely dressed middle-aged couple, and an elderly man travelling alone. Daisy wondered if they thought she and William were sweethearts; or if the class difference would be so easy to tell. She could even put on her posh voice but she guessed people would see through it. She wanted to put her arm through William’s and lay her head on his shoulder, but she knew this would be inappropriate, so instead she settled for looking out the window and watching the countryside rush past them.
The middle-aged couple got off the train at Clapham Junction, and as it moved off again, Daisy gasped as she looked out and saw the rows of back to back houses beneath the train tracks. Factories with plumes of smoke coming from their tall chimneys seemed to be everywhere, and in the distance she could just make out Big Ben, towering above all of London. These were sights she’d only ever seen in newspapers or books; or newsreels at the picture house. And to see it for real was amazing. London was such an exciting place, with so many prospects for a girl like her.
‘Can we go inside the Houses of Parliament?’ she asked William, forgetting herself and gripping his arm. 
‘No,’ he laughed. ‘We’re not allowed. Papa’s allowed, as he's a Lord. But alas, not me. I will be one day though.’
Daisy giggled.
‘It's hard to imagine you as a Lord.’
‘I know. It's so tedious. Even as it is, I'm the Right Honourable. But I’d never use it. I couldn't bear to be so pretentious.’
Daisy said little, but her imagination couldn’t help running away with itself. She fantasised about William asking her to marry him, and one day becoming Lady Ashleigh. Imagine that. A maid becoming a Lady. She knew it would never happen, but it was nice to dream.

Finally the train pulled into Waterloo, and it took all Daisy’s strength not to jump up and down with excitement. When they stepped off onto the platform, she stood still and looked up at the intricate glass roof, and took in the sounds of the other trains coming in and was almost knocked off her feet by the more seasoned travellers who just wanted to go on their way - barging forward with no regard for a little country bumpkin. William laughed and took her hand, leading her out of the station. Daisy wasn’t sure what she was expecting, but she got rather a shock when they stepped out of the station into a street filled with dingy looking buildings, scruffy pubs, and a viaduct overhead with trains rattling across it, making the ground shake.
‘Where do we go now?’ she asked William, not letting go of his hand.
‘Why don’t we go to Buckingham Palace first?’ he suggested. ‘We can walk there.’
‘If only we’d known,’ Daisy chuckled. ‘We could have asked the Duke and Duchess to give us a lift back there, yesterday.’
William laughed, tugged her hand and pulled her in the direction of Westminster Bridge. Daisy gasped on finally seeing the River Thames, and stopped in the middle of the bridge and looked westward - seeing the Houses of Parliament up close for the first time. Further down the river was the more leafy part of London, with tall trees providing a canopy over grand houses. Like a child, Daisy broke away from William and ran across the road, weaving in and out of the horses and carts, just missing a bus that was heading her way. She looked over the other side of the river, towards the East, where there were factories and tall buildings. It was like London was split into two halves, and this part was where all the work was done.
Soon William was beside her, breathless and laughing after dodging the traffic.
‘London is so busy,’ he said. ‘Even on a Sunday.’
‘Why does one side look so different to the other?’ Daisy asked. 
‘Well, generally, most of the activity takes place on this side. The City is over there to the North, and so are most of the factories and houses. There are terrible slums in London Daisy, places you’d never want to visit. Matthew, a fellow student of mine is a scholarship boy, his father’s a vicar in Bethnal Green. Once Matthew went on some rounds with him and he swore he’d never seen poverty like it. Whole families living in one dingy room, with no running water or proper sanitation. Sometimes two families would share a room, with just a curtain dividing it.’
He turned around and looked across the bridge to the nicer part of London. ‘And yet over there live some very wealthy people in places like Kensington and Belgravia. London is such a divided city.’
‘It’s so exciting to be here though,’ Daisy fizzed. ‘Thank you so much for bringing me, William.’
‘My pleasure. Come on, let’s go and see the Palace.’
Forty five minutes later and the two children were standing outside Buckingham Palace. The Union Jack was flying at full mast, which told them that the King was in residence. As ordinary people milled around, looking through the gates, trying to get a glimpse of royalty, it made Daisy laugh to think that she’d been in the company of the Duke and Duchess of York the day before; and indeed one day her companion would be a Lord and no doubt invited here in some capacity.
‘Come on, let’s go and have a sit in St James’s Park,’ William suggested. ‘The sun’s getting really hot now.’
They walked to St James’s Park and found a shady spot under a clump of trees. William took off his jacket and laid it on the ground for Daisy to sit on. He then rolled up his sleeves to the elbow, and sat down, pushing his hair from his forehead. He shut his eyes and lifted his face in the direction of the sun.
‘This is glorious weather,’ he said. ‘I almost wished we’d gone to the seaside now.’
‘Why did you pick me?’ Daisy blurted out, immediately regretting it, realising it sounded rude. William opened one eye and looked at her, smiling slightly.
‘Why shouldn’t I pick you?’ he asked.
‘I’m a maid. You can’t be friends with a maid.’
‘I can be friends with whomever I like,’ he answered. ‘I don’t know what it is Daisy. I just took to you straight away. You can’t explain why you get on with some people can you?’
‘No. I know the other girls don’t like it that I’m friends with Priscilla, but we just hit it off. The others think she’s snobby and up herself, but that’s just the way she looks. She’s very nice really.’
‘She is. I think Smelly likes her better than Bertha. But then again, that wouldn’t be difficult.’
Daisy laughed at the fact that William - like everyone else - couldn’t stand the nanny. 
‘I kicked Bertha in the shins once,’ he said. ‘I’d dropped a cup and it broke and she took the belt to me. The next day, when we were walking to church, I ran behind her and kicked her hard in the shins. She fell over and everything.’
‘You must have got into so much trouble!’ Daisy laughed.
‘Mother slapped me and made sure I was only fed bread and milk for a week. It was worth it just to see old Bertha in the mud.’ 
‘Were you always getting into trouble when you were a child?’
‘Yes, always. But as the only boy, I could get away with a lot.’ He looked at Daisy and smiled. ‘Are you going to tell the other maids about today?’ he asked.
‘No,’ she replied. ‘They’d only get jealous and tell Mrs Rogers, and she’d forbid me from going out.’
‘I like it being our little secret anyway. What is it to do with Mama and Papa or Mrs Rogers what we do? It’s your day off and my school holidays; and away from the house we’re just William and Daisy, and I think we should have some fun.’
Daisy knew if there was a choice between spending her days off with William or the ever-whinging Susan, there would be no competition. She knew they could never have a romance – it would never be allowed. But despite them being the same age, William was far more worldly than her, and could take her to places she’d never been. Showing her the things she’d only ever dreamed about seeing. 
‘What about your other friends?’ she asked. 
‘I'll see them during the week,’ he replied confidently. ‘Although most of them are so boring, I do my best to avoid them.’
‘I've got a week off next month,’ Daisy said. ‘I won't know what to do with myself.’
William turned and looked at her, smiling playfully.
‘I'm sure we'll think of something.’

Daisy had such a wonderful day, she never wanted it to end. After having ice creams in St James's Park, they took a bus to St Paul's Cathedral and went inside. Daisy marvelled at its majesty, while William made her laugh, telling her about the time, when as a choirboy he’d had to sing there at a memorial service for those lost in the war. He'd deliberately not sung and had instead mouthed rude words and during God Save the King, had mouthed the words to Deutschlandlied – the German national anthem, just to be irreverent.
She felt sad when they left St Paul’s and William said they should be heading home. As they walked back to Waterloo Station, the late afternoon sun was glorious, and Daisy loved being in William's company. They took the train back to Haslemere and Daisy couldn't shut up about all the things she'd seen. William laughed and said if the fine weather kept up, they would go to the seaside next time - Brighton or maybe even Hastings. Daisy didn't mind where they went, and could only count down the days to their next outing.
When they reached Haslemere, Daisy wondered how they would go back to Barnham House - surely people would talk if they saw them together. Her worst fears came true when they stepped out of the station and walked straight into Priscilla. She was walking down the road, arm-in-arm with a finely dressed young gentleman. Daisy blushed to her core, wanting the ground to open up and swallow her whole. Priscilla was her friend, but she didn't know her well enough to be sure she wouldn’t say something to Lady Ashleigh.
‘Master William, Daisy,’ was all she said.
‘Hello Priscilla,’ William said chirpily. ‘How are you?’
‘I'm very well thank you,’ she replied, and Daisy could tell by the look on her face that she was torn between convention and curiosity. She wanted to know what was going on, but at the same time William was the son of her employers and she could not forget her manners. ‘William, Daisy, this is Mr Charles Cray, my friend.’
William and Charles shook hands like gentlemen, and Charles nodded his head to Daisy, who did the same in return. With the pleasantries out of the way, Priscilla could get to the matter in hand. 
‘Where have you two been?’ she asked.
‘Us?’ William replied. ‘Oh nowhere together.’ He laughed. ‘I was just coming back from Woody Chandler's house, and who should step off the train on the opposite platform, but Daisy here! You've been to London haven't you Daisy?’ He asked as if he wasn't sure.
‘Y-Yes,’ Daisy replied, grateful for his ingenuity. ‘I thought I'd take myself off for the day.’
‘I see,’ Priscilla replied, although she didn't look entirely convinced. ‘Well in that case, why don't you two wait here and we'll all walk back together? I'll just see Mr Cray onto his train.’
The adults walked into the station, and once they were gone, William laughed, grasping Daisy's hand and pulling her over to the other side of the road - out of earshot.
‘We got away with it!’ he giggled. ‘I'm so good at thinking on my feet.’
‘You're terrible!’ Daisy laughed, knocking him on the shoulder. ‘Imagine if she told your mother.’
‘She won't. She has no reason not to believe us.’
‘I'd get the sack if Lady Ashleigh found out we'd been together.’
‘No you wouldn't, because I wouldn't let her. You haven't done anything wrong, this was all my idea.’
‘Even so. I should know my place.’
‘And your place is here with me, as my friend.’
Right at that moment, Daisy's heart was so full of gratitude, affection, and admiration for this handsome boy who'd taken so strongly to her, that all she wanted to do was dart forward and kiss him upon the lips. Instead she just smiled and looked over her shoulder, checking to see if Priscilla was coming. 
‘Say you'll come out with me next Sunday,’ William said.
‘Only if we're careful,’ she replied. ‘We can't risk getting caught again.’
Priscilla emerged from the station, and judging by the little blush in her cheeks and the smile she was trying to conceal, Daisy guessed she’d been kissing Mr Cray. How Daisy envied her. She wished she was in a position to kiss William. He had the most wonderful pink, almost girlish lips, and she imagined kissing him would be heavenly. She wondered if he'd ever kissed a girl, or if she have to show him what to do. She'd never gone further than kissing, but she liked it and wanted to share her experience with William. 
‘Come on, you two,’ Priscilla said. ‘We should be getting back to the house.’
As they walked through Haslemere to St Paul's Dean. Priscilla walked a little in front, and behind her back, William kept trying to tickle Daisy on her shoulders, making her laugh.
‘So what did you see in London?’ Priscilla asked Daisy.
‘I went to Buckingham Palace, and then St James's Park. Then I took a bus to St Paul's Cathedral.’
‘Sounds lovely. You should be careful though Daisy, London could be a dangerous place for a young girl on her own.’
‘What about you Priscilla?’ William asked, butting in and changing the subject. ‘Have you and Mr Cray been anywhere nice?’
‘We just went for a walk in the hills and had a picnic,’ she replied. ‘What about you? Did you have fun with your friend?’
‘It was okay. We went out for a while. You know what it's like.’
‘You look as though you've been in the sun all day to me. Be careful it doesn't make you sick.’

They reached the house and William went up to his room. Daisy expected Priscilla to follow - as she lived in the same wing. But instead she declared she fancied a cup of tea and proceeded to walk down the stairs to the servants' area, where Daisy was headed.
‘I can make you a cup of tea and bring it up to your room,’ Daisy called from the top of the stairs. ‘It is my job!’
‘It's also your day off. Come on I'll make you one too.’
There was something about Priscilla’s manner that told Daisy she knew William was lying, and Daisy wondered what she was going to say – scared that she was going to tell Lady Ashleigh. She went into her room and skulked down onto her bed, suddenly feeling all the joy she’d experienced that day, drain away. Now all she felt was foolish and sad; and a part of her wished she’d never agreed to go out with William.
Priscilla entered the room carrying a tray with two mugs of tea and a plate of biscuits on. She sat on the bed beside Daisy and put the tray on the little cabinet next to it.
‘William was lying wasn’t he?’ she asked outright.
‘No,’ Daisy snapped.
‘I wasn’t born yesterday Daisy. I could tell by the way you were together. You went to London with William.’
Daisy's blushes gave her away, and Priscilla sighed and looked up at the ceiling. Daisy felt so stupid, convinced Priscilla was going to be angry with her and stop being her friend. She silently berated herself for being just as daft as she’d been when she'd gone walking on her own with that sailor in Portsmouth. Would she ever learn?
‘You can never be friends with him,’ Priscilla said. ‘You do know that don't you?’
‘He said we can be. He said he doesn't care what people think.’
‘Of course he’d say that Daisy. He likes the excitement of doing something forbidden. But it could cost you your job and your home.’
‘Is it really that bad? All we did was spend the day together.’
‘Oh Daisy,’ she sighed, reaching up and brushing a lock of her hair from her forehead. ‘You're a very pretty girl and he's a handsome, healthy young man. It's only a matter of time before your feelings for each other become confused.’
‘They won't, I promise. I'll keep him at arm's length.’
‘Daisy I know exactly what you're going through. What I'm going to tell you is in the strictest confidence and you must promise never to tell another soul. Do you promise?’
‘Cross my heart and hope to die.’
‘Alright. Well, Walter and I had a very proper courtship. We were never really alone. We'd either meet in a place where there were lots of people, or else he would visit me at home so nothing improper could happen. Then my poor darling went off to war and was killed, and my heart was broken. I lost interest in school, and becoming a teacher, and just moped around wishing I could die too. My mother heard of a vacancy for a governess at Mountford House in Sussex and suggested I went for it - just to get me out of my funk. I got the job and went to work for a family called the Warburtons. They owned a huge shipyard in Southampton and were very rich and powerful. I was only seventeen and the same age as Philip, the eldest son. Like you with William, we got on well and a friendship developed. Except it didn't stay at friendship. Philip was a very persuasive young man and took advantage of the fact I was still very down about Walter.’
‘Y-You went all the way with him?’ Daisy dared to ask.
Priscilla looked down and nodded.
‘Even now I'm so ashamed of what I did. I thought Philip loved me, but he was just after a bit of fun and to prove himself as a man. No one knew what was happening, so when I found I was in trouble, I had nobody to turn to. Philip asked me to leave, to save him embarrassment. I went home not knowing what I was going to do.’
‘You were having a baby?’
‘Yes. But I lost it before I had to face telling my mother, so I was saved from shame. I told my family I'd left the Warburtons because I missed home, so mother got me another position in a house nearby. I cried for my dead baby every day for a month afterwards, but deep down I knew I’d had a lucky escape. But now I've met Charles and he thinks there wasn't anyone after Walter. He thinks I'm still a virgin, and if he found out I'd gone all the way and got pregnant, he'd probably never want to speak to me again.’
‘So you think the same could happen with William?’
‘Of course it could. Philip wasn't even a member of the aristocracy - he just came from a rich family. William's mother is part of the Swedish royal family. His father comes from a long line of Baronets. He could never marry a maid. He has to marry someone like himself. If you had a baby by him, it would be the heir to Barnham House. Lord and Lady Ashleigh would never accept it and you and your baby would be cast aside. So please, see sense Daisy.’
‘Alright,’ Daisy replied glumly. She knew Priscilla was right, but that didn't stop it hurting. She liked William so much, and wanted to spend time with him. ‘But you won't say anything to his mother will you?’
‘No. I won't even say anything to him. But you must promise me you’ll hold him at arm's length. The world's full of young men and you’re a very pretty girl. You could have your pick and there’s nothing stopping you from marrying someone slightly better than you. Even a businessman like Charles. But not the son of a Lord.’
Chapter Four

Daisy did a good job of avoiding William for the next week. There was a lot of clearing up to do after the wedding, and he had a friend to stay and was kept occupied by him. The boy was called Norman Adams, and his mother was good friends with Lady Ashleigh. Every time Daisy looked out of a window and saw the boys together down in the tropical garden, enjoying a surreptitious smoke, or else heading out over the front grounds on a spree, she would seethe with jealousy. Norman was a fat, rheumy boy who didn't deserve to be in the company of someone as beautiful as William, and it made her sick that he should be afforded the privilege of friendship just because he'd been born into a posh family.
Norman finally went home on the Saturday afternoon, and when Daisy was in the kitchen, having her tea break, Susan joined her, complaining about the terrible state the boy had left his room in.
‘He'd pissed on the floor Daze,’ she said as she sipped her tea. ‘Like a bloody animal. The bathroom was only next door. Don't these people teach their kids any manners?’
‘He's always had people like us to clear up after him I suppose,’ Daisy ruminated. ‘Don't know how to look after himself.’
‘'ere, where did you get to last Sunday by the way? I had no-one to go out with.’
‘I decided to go to London. On the hop, just like that. Sorry Susan, I should have asked if you wanted to go too, but you know what it's like when the mood takes you.’
‘Me and Betty ended up going out. Bloody moron. She ain't good company like you. She's good at chatting to the fellas though.’
‘Really? But Betty's plain.’
‘Some men like those sorts of girls. She got talking to this chap called Harry, and I got talking to his mate Bob. Harry got bored with Betty after a while, but Bob wants to see me tomorrow.’
Daisy's sad heart sank further into her chest. She'd been hoping Susan would want to go out and they could go down to Portsmouth and she could do what she’d always done – meet young men. Only this time, it would be to help her take her mind off William.
‘Where are you meeting him?’
‘In Portsmouth. You can come if you want. Although you might feel a bit of a gooseberry.’
‘It's alright,’ Daisy smiled sadly. ‘I don't want to stand in the way of true love.’
‘You want to get yourself a sweetheart Daisy. You don't want to be stuck working here forever.’

Daisy went to bed with a heavy heart. It was Sunday tomorrow and it seemed everyone was off to meet their sweetheart. Priscilla and Mr Cray were going to Guildford for the day; and Susan was meeting this Bob. Even though she was only sixteen, Daisy started to feel like an old maid - the one who was left behind, while everyone else had fun.
She slept fitfully, waking up every half hour or so. At one point she could swear she heard someone moving about outside her door; but that was quite normal, as often one of the family, or their guests would need something in the night and would think nothing of ringing for a servant. Daisy lay awake wondering what she was going to do the next day. She had yet to finish Treasure Island, so maybe she would take a walk over the hills and find a spot in the sun and read. It would be better than being at home alone.
After finally drifting off to sleep, Daisy awoke and immediately felt sad at the prospect of a boring and lonely day; but as she sat up, she thought she was seeing things when she spotted a piece of paper on the floor, just by the door. Scrambling out of bed, she picked it up and, unable to help herself, gave a little whoop of joy when she opened it and saw it was in William's handwriting.

Daisy
Meet me by St Paul's in the village at ten o'clock. 
William

Daisy read it and Priscilla's words of warning came into her mind. They also left quite quickly.  Priscilla was misjudging William and thinking him like the cad who’d seduced her and left her pregnant. But William just wanted to be Daisy's friend. Priscilla didn’t know the closeness they felt when they were together. Daisy couldn’t even explain it to herself; but it felt as though she and William were two halves of the same whole. She couldn't fight the longing in her heart to see him. She was sure he didn't feel that way about her. But he enjoyed her company, and she didn't see why they should stay apart. Nothing was going to happen romantically, and there was no law saying that a girl and her employer’s son couldn’t be friends.
Dressing in a modest skirt and light wool two piece with short sleeves, Daisy left the house, looking around to make sure no one was about. With her heart racing, she ran through the servants' garden, and out through the back gate to the road that ran into St Paul's Dean. She was scared that Priscilla or someone would suddenly appear; but she couldn't help herself, and a force far greater than her own self-doubt propelled her onwards.
When she finally made it to the old ramshackle church and saw William leaning against a gravestone, smoking a cigarette, her heart leapt with joy. She ran up to him, and gave a girlish giggle when he kissed her upon the cheek.
‘Where have you been all week?’ he asked. ‘I've been looking out for you.’
‘You had your friend to stay. Besides, Priscilla warned me to keep away from you.’
‘Why?’
‘Because of who you are and who I am. She said it was improper for us to mix.’
‘Well I say yah boo sticks to her. I'll mix with who I damn well like.’ He laughed. ‘Although I did take my life into my hands, sneaking around the servants’ quarters last night and putting that note under your door.’
‘So where are we going?’
‘Wait there.’
He went round the back of the church and when he re-emerged, wheeling two bicycles either side of him, Daisy burst out laughing.
‘Where did they come from?’ she asked.
‘One’s mine, the other belongs to Estelle. But she’s not going to want it now is she? I thought we could go for a ride over the hills. You can ride a bike can’t you?’
‘Yes,’ she laughed. ‘You’re mad.’

They rode through St Paul’s Dean, over the neighbouring hills and down into Little Belford, the next village. Daisy had never been there before, and hoped that none of the servants from the house - who also had their day off on Sunday, had gone there. Thankfully she found it was practically deserted. Belford was bigger than St Paul’s Dean, and she could see that during the week it would offer more shops. But on a sleepy Sunday there was barely anything else to attract bored workers looking for some fun.
At the end of the little high street was a pub called The Belford Barrow, and it was a lot smaller than the pubs Daisy was used to in Portsmouth. It consisted of one room in which sat a few men who she guessed were locals. They eyed the two youngsters with suspicion as they entered, and Daisy felt rather nervous, hoping they wouldn’t give them any trouble. William told her to sit at one of the rather scruffy tables by the window, while he fetched their drinks. As he went to the bar and gave his order, his cut-glass accent rang out amongst the other patrons’ hushed tones in the local burr, and Daisy hoped they left him alone.
He returned with a pint of shandy for himself and a gin and tonic for Daisy, and for a moment she wondered if he wanted to get her drunk so he could try it on. And if he tried anything, would she say no? She wasn’t sure. 
‘How did you know about this place?’ she asked.
‘I heard Glover, the gardener talking with Martin and saying that he came here to drink.’
‘He’s not here is he?’ Daisy panicked, looking around.
‘No! He’s gone somewhere to see his sister. I overheard mother twittering on about it because one of the trees in the exotic garden is diseased and she’s scared it’s going to spread to the others, and Glover won’t be there to see to it.’ He gulped down some more of his drink, and stared into his glass. There was no smile on his face, and he appeared nervous. Daisy found this strange. William was always so confident and happy and upbeat about things.
‘Daisy, I spoke with Mrs Rogers under some pretext that I needed the staff calendar and I saw that you’re off the week beginning the third of August. Is that correct?’
‘Yes it is.’
‘Only, I have something to ask you, but you must promise not to utter a word to anyone. Do you promise?’
‘I won’t tell a soul,’ she whispered, a little overwhelmed by his intensity.
‘I’ve got an audition on the fifth of August.’
‘An audition?’
He nodded.
‘I saw it in The Stage. A film producer called HW Wicks is making a film and is looking for young men to appear in it. Apparently it’s set in a school and he’s looking for all sorts of boys to play parts. There’s an open audition in London on the fifth of August, and I want to go.’
‘What will you tell your mother?’
He put down his drink and reached out, grasping Daisy’s hands tightly, as though his life depended upon it.
‘I thought we could make a trip of it Daisy. I’m going to tell mother that I’m staying with a friend from school.  I’ll choose someone who I know is out of the country, so she won’t be able to check up on me. Then you and I can go to London and stay overnight at a hotel.’
‘I don’t know about that,’ Daisy frowned as Priscilla’s words of warning coming back to her.
‘We could have separate rooms, or I’ll sleep on the floor or something. I can’t do this without you Daisy. I need you at this audition with me.’
‘Really? What can I do?’
He smiled and squeezed her hands.
‘I know if I’m going to see your sweet face afterwards, it’ll keep me going.’
His words melted Daisy’s heart, and she didn’t know what to say. She thought about what Priscilla had said; about all the sweet words her young man had said to her - just to get his way. But Priscilla hadn’t seen the way William looked at her; the earnestness in his voice as he spoke. How he made Daisy feel as though she was singularly the most important person he had in his life – despite the fact they had only known each other a short while. He had already risked so much, just so they could be together. He didn’t care what people thought, and his confidence and arrogance rubbed off on her. Why should she care either?
‘Where can I say I’m going?’ she finally asked. ‘They know I have no family.’
‘Surely you must have had friends in the orphanage? Could you not say you’re going to stay with one of them?’
‘Yes, I suppose I could. You think of everything William.’
‘And if I get the part, and then other parts, I’m going to leave Harrow and move to London. Then we can see each other whenever we like.’
‘Your parents would never allow it.’
‘They wouldn’t be able to stop me if I was earning my own money. I’m seventeen next year Daisy - I’m almost a grown up. There are men out there my age earning money, getting married, supporting themselves. Back in the war, boys of seventeen were conscripted to go and fight for our country. And yet I’m expected to remain a schoolboy. I don’t want to go into law. I don’t want to be Lord Ashleigh. Everyone coos about how beautiful Paradise is. To me it’s a prison. It stands for hundreds of years of young men like me who have been handed a legacy they’ve no interest in. All I want is to be an actor. To mix with interesting people with interesting stories…like you. Is that too much to ask?’
‘No,’ she whispered, moved by his conviction. ‘Of course I’ll go with you. But we must have separate rooms or separate beds in the least. I’m not that sort of girl.’
Like an old fashioned gentleman, William took her hand and raised it to his lips, kissing it.
‘I’ll do whatever you wish Daisy. I just want you by my side as I embark upon my adventure. I want you to be my best friend.’

They remained in the pub a bit longer, then rode back as far as the church. For the first time ever, as they parted, William dared to give Daisy a brief kiss on the lips. It felt so chaste and innocent compared to some of the advances she'd had to endure before, that it made her giggle. William smiled and stroked her face.
‘My sweet Daisy,’ he said. ‘Say you'll be mine forever?’
‘Forever and a day!’ she gasped. ‘I won't be able to sleep now, knowing we’re going to London.’
‘Me neither. We're going to have so much fun, Maybe we’ll never come home!’
‘Could you imagine that?’ she laughed. ‘Your mother would have me locked up for stealing you away!’
Daisy then kissed William, and ran off - back in the direction of the house. She was so happy she could burst, and she didn't know how she was going to be able to keep such a big secret from Priscilla or the other maids. They all looked down their noses at her, but they wouldn’t laugh if one day her and William did move to London for good. All they’d be is jealous. 
Chapter Five

Knowing she would soon be going to London made the weeks preceding it drag for Daisy. She was so bored she thought she would wither and die. She’d been almost disappointed when she’d told Mrs Rogers that Alice Brown, a girl she'd been in the orphanage with, had recently married and wished to see Daisy for a couple of days, and the housekeeper had just accepted it without question. Daisy enjoyed drama and had rather hoped she would have to plead her case and convince Mrs Rogers she was telling the truth; but instead it was met with an indifferent shrug and a warning to keep out of trouble. William told his parents he was visiting a friend in London, and they too met it with nonchalance – and he laughed when he told Daisy that like her, he’d had a warning to stay out of trouble as well.
Daisy was in the kitchen, covering for Betty, when the bell from William’s room rang.
‘That'll be Master William wanting his lunch,’ Mrs Collins said, handing Daisy a plate of cold meats and some cheese. ‘And don't dawdle, I know what you’re like.’
Daisy's legs couldn't carry her fast enough up the stairs to William's room. As she opened the door, he practically grabbed the tray from her and put it on a sideboard, before shutting the door and pulling her to him, giving her another of those earnest but chaste kisses.
‘I had to see you,’ he gasped. ‘It's been an eternity.’
‘I can't be too long,’ she smiled. ‘Mrs Collins wants me to hurry back.’
‘Okay, well I just wanted to give you my news.’
He took her hands and led her over to the bed. Daisy blushed when they sat upon it. There was an implied intimacy, and she couldn't help but wonder what was going to happen when they got to London.
‘I sent my friend Ossie Walworth a telegram telling him about my audition. He's the only other person who knows I want to act and I trust him entirely. His father owns Concorde Hotels, and apparently they have this little hotel in Earls Court called the Madison that’s hardly ever used. Ossie says I can stay there when I come up to London.’
‘That's good. But won't someone say something about me coming up to your room?’
‘Apparently the staff there are all about a hundred years old, and no-one notices anything. Ossie reckons most of the time it’s used by travelling salesmen who take prostitutes there. The service is so bad that his father wants to sell it off. We’ll be left alone Daisy.’
‘As long as we are, I don't want us to get into trouble.’
‘We won't!’ he laughed. ‘Now stop fretting and start getting excited. We're going to have such a lovely holiday.’

Daisy didn’t get to see William on the Sunday before their trip to London. Lord and Lady Ashleigh were going to Hove to see an aristocratic family called the Webbers, and expected William to go with them. Daisy didn’t like the thought of spending the day by herself. Susan was going down to Portsmouth to see Bob and didn’t want Daisy tagging along; and all the other maids had to work. She got a pleasant surprise when early on the Sunday morning, Priscilla knocked on her door, excitedly calling to be let in.
‘Morning Priscilla,’ Daisy yawned, rubbing her sleepy eyes.
‘I had to talk to someone,’ Priscilla fizzed.
‘Come in.’
Daisy let her into her little room, then quickly threw the covers over the bed so it looked a bit tidier.
‘Do you want me to make you a cup of tea?’ she asked.
‘No it's alright. I just want to show you this.’
Daisy turned around to find Priscilla standing there holding up her left hand. On her wedding finger sparkled a beautiful diamond ring, which looked frivolous against her dark, austere clothes.
‘Charles asked you to marry him?’ Daisy smiled.
‘Yes! Oh Daisy, I never thought I'd get a man to marry me. I'm so happy.’
Daisy grasped Priscilla by the shoulders and reached up, kissing her upon the cheek.
‘Congratulations,’ she replied. ‘When are you getting married?’
‘Charles wants us to marry before I leave here, so when I start my new job, we can move into a house, rather than me lodging somewhere.’
She flopped down onto the bed with a sigh, and Daisy was sure she could see tears in her friend's eyes. Priscilla was usually so composed, this was a strange thing to witness.
‘When that happened with Philip Warburton, I thought my life was over. That I was somehow tainted and cursed. A sinner. Charles is my redemption; and for that, I will love him forever.’
‘Do you think Philip Warburton ever regrets what he did to you?’ Daisy asked tentatively. ‘Maybe he really did care for you?’
‘Of course not. I was nothing more than a practice run to him. Boys like that can never go the whole way with girls of their own class before marriage, so they choose servants, or go to see girls in brothels. Philip Warburton would have no more married me than cut off his nose. I was a fool, but I put it down to my heartache over losing my beloved Walter.’ She sighed, wiped her tears away with the back of her hand and looked at Daisy. She smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes. They were still sad. Was there some regret over Philip Warburton? Was he the one she truly loved? Was what she said true of William? Daisy hoped not. William wasn't like other boys of his class. He didn't want money, or power. He just wanted to be on the stage and make a living as an actor. If he did that, where was the harm in him having a servant girl as a wife? Surely in London, no one would care about class?
‘Anyway, dear Daisy, I was wondering if you would like to go out somewhere today? It's a beautiful day, and I won't be seeing a lot of you this week as you're going to Southampton. How about we take a trip into Guildford?’
‘That sounds lovely, thank you,’ Daisy answered, and while she liked the thought of spending the day with Priscilla, she didn't know how she was going to keep her secret to herself. She was so excited about going to London, she longed to tell someone. But she knew how Priscilla felt about her friendship with William, and if she knew they planned on doing something as drastic and shocking as going away together, she would probably tell Lady Ashleigh - thinking it was for their own good. All it would result in would be Daisy getting the sack and never seeing William again. So she had to do her best to put it to the back of her mind and behave as though it was just another day.
The two girls took the train to Guildford and spent the morning looking round the Cathedral, which still retained an air of vibrancy after morning service. Daisy wasn't much for religion. The vicar at the orphanage had been a miserable old sod and his tales of the Old Testament - despite the threat of fire and damnation, made sinning sound rather fun. Daisy was always attracted to the edgier side of life, but she didn't express this to Priscilla. Her friend knelt and said a prayer, and told Daisy how she’d found comfort in the church after Walter died. Daisy wondered how she must have felt when she then went on to get pregnant out of wedlock – surely that was one of the biggest sins of all?
After they came out of the Cathedral, they found a little tea-room that seemed to be catering for the many visitors Guildford attracted. Ladies in fine hats sat close together, gossiping and small children showed their parents little souvenirs they had bought in the Cathedral gift shop. Daisy and Priscilla were given a table close to the window, and Priscilla ordered a pot of Earl Grey and two fruit buns. 
‘Would you like to come back here one day next week and help me choose a wedding dress?’ Priscilla asked once the waitress had left.
‘Really?!’ Daisy gasped. ‘Do you mean that?’
‘Yes!’ Priscilla nodded. ‘And I'd like you to be one of my bridesmaids.’
In childish delight, Daisy whooped and put her hands to her mouth, then looked around in apology at the more genteel patrons throwing her disapproving looks.
‘My sister Madeleine is also going to be a bridesmaid, and I thought maybe you'd like to be the other one.’
‘Thank you so much Priscilla,’ Daisy gushed. ‘I've never even been to a wedding before, let alone be a bridesmaid.’
‘So we'll look at bridesmaids dresses too. Shall we say Friday? You'll be back from Southampton by then.’
‘Yes,’ Daisy replied quietly, hating lying to her friend. ‘Where are you getting married? In the Cathedral?’
‘No,’ Priscilla laughed. ‘That may be suitable for Estella Ashleigh, but St Paul's in the village will do me. I’ll ask Lady Ashleigh if I can have a small reception in one of the banqueting rooms. It'll probably double up as my leaving party. Hopefully William will have come back from school by then. It’ll be nice to see him again before I go.’
Daisy blushed at hearing William's name, and found she couldn't say any more. Luckily Priscilla was so excited she didn’t notice Daisy’s mortification and carried on gabbling away enough for both of them.
‘Of course he may not want to come back to Paradise. He may have met some pretty mademoiselle and want to spend Christmas with her family.’
‘What do you mean? Mademoiselle?’ Daisy asked, trying hard not to appear too interested.
‘He might meet a young girl at the school he’s going to in Paris.’ She laughed. ‘Oh dear Daisy, you look most perplexed. Didn't you know? William's going to a French school in September. Apparently there are boys and girls there. Most unusual for a boarding school.’
So many emotions ran through Daisy - shock, disappointment, hurt, puzzlement. Why hadn’t William  mentioned this?  What made it worse was that she couldn’t show her feelings to Priscilla and had to adopt her best poker-face – hoping that her friend thought the tears pricking her eyes were from the steam rising up from the counter, and her emotion at being asked to be a bridesmaid.
‘Why is he being sent there?’ she asked quietly, glad that the waitress had brought the tea and cakes over – at least she could busy herself with pouring the tea.
‘Well, the official line is that the education at the Ecole Albert is far superior to Harrow. But I've heard whispers that William is being sent there because his behaviour is so bad. Lord and Lady Ashley thought an education in a different country would benefit him. William is such a spirited boy. Look how he tried to hoodwink you by getting you to go to London with him.  It would appear he's been threatened with expulsion from Harrow several times and only a generous donation to the school fund by Lord Ashleigh has prevented it.’
Daisy felt as though she had been punched in the stomach. She knew William hated school, and he'd told her how he’d got into trouble several times for fighting and answering the tutors back. But he'd not once mentioned going to France. Daisy tried to convince herself that it made no difference. She was expecting him to return to Harrow in September after all. But Paris was so far away, and then there would be the temptation of sophisticated French girls who might turn his head. Daisy hoped the disappointment didn't show on her face. Priscilla could never know of their plans. She could never know that the only thing that was keeping Daisy going was the hope that William would make it as an actor in London, so he wouldn’t go to Paris anyway.
‘So,’ Priscilla said, buttering the buns and changing the subject. ‘What have you got planned for Southampton? Not playing gooseberry to this friend and her hubby I hope.’
‘Er, no, he goes to work,’ Daisy said. ‘We'll probably go for walks and just talk about the old days.’
‘Well I'm sure you'll have a lovely time. And when you come back, we can go shopping. I'm so excited Daisy, I think I might go pop.’

***

Sleep didn't come easy to Daisy over the next few days. She was nervous about going to London and constantly wondering what was going to happen. She was also confused about what Priscilla had said about William going to Paris; on top of this, she also didn't like the fact that Priscilla had been so kind in asking her to be a bridesmaid, and yet she was keeping such a secret from her.
She was lying awake in the dark, thinking over her predicament, when she heard a scuffling by her door. William had promised he would get details of their arrangements to her when he could, and she wondered if it was him. Switching on her bedside lamp, she went to the door, and as soon as the folded piece of paper slipped under her door, she opened it and just caught him walking off. Grasping his arm, she pulled him into the room, and shut the door behind her.
‘I didn't want to wake you,’ he whispered. ‘What if someone hears us?’
‘Then we must whisper,’ she replied. Daisy felt suddenly self-conscious. She was in her nightdress and William was wearing his blue and white striped pyjamas. She then remembered that in two days time they would be sharing a hotel room, and would have no choice but to see each other in a state of undress.
‘You look angry with me,’ he frowned. ‘What's wrong?’
‘Priscilla told me all about your school in France,’ she hissed quietly. ‘Why didn't you tell me?’
‘Because it's not important,’ he smiled, reaching out and grasping her little shoulders. ‘I have no intention of going.’
‘But your parents are sending you there.’
‘I'll have got that acting role and moved to London by then. There’ll be nothing Mama or Papa can do about it.’
‘What if you don't get the part?’
‘Of course I will. You do have faith in me don't you Daisy? Because if you didn't, that would be the end of me.’
Daisy felt awful for doubting him. Naturally, he couldn’t tell Lord and Lady Ashleigh of his decision to go to London, so they of course were in blissful ignorance, thinking he was moving to Paris. To be a future Lord and have aspirations to become an actor was an anathema and so it had to remain a secret; and once again Daisy felt that overwhelming gratitude that she was the one he'd chosen to confide in.
‘I'm sorry,’ she said. ‘I just got so scared you were going to meet some French girl and chuck me.’
‘I've met French girls,’ he chuckled. ‘And by and large they're surly and unclean. Give me an English rose any day of the week.’
He kissed her briefly upon the lips, then let go of her shoulders.
‘Now, to save suspicion, meet me at Guildford Station on Wednesday morning at nine o'clock. I'm going to cycle there and you get the train. We're going to have so much fun Daisy, I can't wait. Can you?’
‘No,’ she replied. ‘I can hardly sleep for thinking about it. But you’d better go now, before Mrs Rogers catches you.’
He kissed her upon the cheek, picked up the note from the floor, put it back into his pyjama pocket and left the room. Daisy got back into bed and switched off the light. She felt more reassured but she still couldn't help but feel nervous about this whole escapade. She was excited about spending time with William and couldn't wait for them to be alone. But an instinct deep in her gut made her fretful. What had started out as a good idea, could end in disaster for everyone.
Chapter Six

It was raining on the morning of Daisy and William’s trip to London, and Daisy saw this as a bad omen. As she walked to Haslemere Station, her hat got wetter and wetter, and was soon drooping over her eyes. In a fit of temper, she took it off and stuffed it into her carpet bag and immediately regretted it because it would make all her other belongings wet. In her mind she could still hear Priscilla standing at the door, waving goodbye to her and wishing her a safe journey - hoping she had fun in Southampton; and Daisy hated herself for lying.
Thankfully, whilst she was on the train travelling the short journey between Haslemere and Guildford, the rain stopped and a sliver of blue sky appeared in the horizon, promising a good day. Then as the train pulled into the station, and she saw William standing on the platform waiting for her - an expectant look on his face; all her doubts melted away and her heart soared with excitement and affection. Poor William looked a sad sight. His wet, golden hair was plastered to his forehead, his battered suitcase stood at his feet. The happiness Daisy felt on seeing him made her realise how deep her feelings for him were. Before William, her life had seemed so dull and repetitive, but he had brought a much needed splash of colour, and no matter what happened from now on, she was so glad she’d met him. Even if they got into trouble, the highs she experienced with him were worth any lows.
The train came to a stop, and Daisy had to hold herself back from rushing past everyone so she could disembark first and get to William. Instead, she waited her turn, and as she stepped off onto the platform, she saw him emerge through the smoke - that hopeless smile on his pretty face.
‘My darling Daisy,’ he said, kissing her upon the lips.
‘You're soaked,’ she replied, glancing down at his wet clothes. ‘I hope you don't catch a fever.’
‘I'll be fine, it's warm. I'll soon dry out.’
He took Daisy's bag and they made their way to the London platform. As they waited for the train to come, they chatted and giggled excitedly, and Daisy noticed an elderly couple on the other platform watching them and smiling. Daisy smiled back and hoped one day she and William would be the old people watching the young ones and reminiscing about their youth.
The train came and they began their journey to London. From out of his case, William took a piece of paper, upon which he had copied the lines from The Merchant of Venice - his audition piece. The people opposite them in the carriage stifled their giggles as the two young people practiced the play - Daisy holding onto the script, while William theatrically recited his lines. His acting was rather over the top and hammy; but that was William all over. He was one of life's extroverts, and Daisy didn't doubt that this was what would get him through the audition with flying colours.
They got off the train at Clapham Junction and took another train to Kensington Olympia, from where they took a taxi to the Madison Hotel. Daisy felt so grand, travelling in style throughout the fancy London streets; and as she went, she couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like to be William's wife. Maybe one day he would be a famous actor and able to afford to travel in taxis all the time. And besides, whether he wanted it or not, he would still one day become Lord Ashleigh, and Daisy couldn't help but get her head turned just a little by the thought of being his Lady.
‘I have a confession to make,’ William said.
‘What's that?’
He looked at her and reached for her hand, squeezing it.
‘To get us a decent room, Ossie told a little white lie to the manager and said we were newlyweds.’
‘Newlyweds!’ she gasped. ‘But that will mean a double bed!’
‘I know, but don't you see, we'll get the bridal suite. It'll be far more comfortable, and there's bound to be a chair or settee for me to sleep on.’
‘I hope you're right. I'm not the sort of girl to share a bed with a boy she isn’t married to, William.’
Daisy wasn’t sure how much of this was exactly true. So many times in the past she'd been tempted by boys - letting her heart almost rule her head and telling herself that if she went all the way with them they would love her. Well she did love William, and she was sure he felt the same way about her. Would there be any harm in them showing their affection for each other?  Who was to say she’d end up in the same predicament as Priscilla? And even if she did, if William loved her enough, he’d beg his parents to allow them to marry. She didn’t share these thoughts with William, however. To even let him know she was having doubts about remaining chaste would give him the go-ahead to try it on, and Daisy still wasn’t sure if that was what she wanted.
The Madison may have been considered modest to the more seasoned traveller, but to Daisy it was the prettiest building she had ever seen - apart from Barnham House of course. It took up a whole block close to Earls Court Underground Station, and it was very grand, with lots of windows and a fancy doorway with an ornate arch over the top of it. Daisy wished they weren't coming here under false pretences. Lying took the enjoyment out of things.
William paid the driver, making a big deal of the fact he was giving him a generous tip, and they went into the hotel. The outside grandeur was a little misleading, for as they stepped inside, the first thing that hit Daisy was the smell of musty carpets. Looking down, she could see they were rather threadbare and had seen better days. The paintwork was chipped in places, and the desk - behind which sat a very elderly man who was nodding off - was battered, and one of the panels in the front had been replaced by a piece of wood that didn't match. William went up to the desk and had to ring the bell twice before the old man woke up.
‘Can I help you sir?’ he spluttered.
‘Yes I have a room booked. It's Mr and Mrs West.’
Daisy giggled quietly at the fact he'd used her name to book in with. Now seeing how desolate this place was, and how old the staff appeared to be, she felt a little more relaxed. Maybe they could just about pull this all off.
Without question, the man gave William the keys to the room and told him to take the lift to the top floor. Daisy felt nervous as they stepped into the rickety elevator; and as William pulled the clunky iron gate across, and it started to move upwards, Daisy’s stomach lurched. She giggled and William looked at her and smiled.
‘How are you feeling?’ he asked.
‘Excited,’ she replied. ‘Although I can't wait to get out of this thing. I'd have rather taken the stairs.’
‘What will you do this afternoon while I go to my audition?’ he asked. ‘You could always go shopping in High Street Kensington. Or catch the underground into town...’
‘I'll see,’ she replied. ‘How long will you be?’
‘I don't know for sure. But it's only in Chelsea, so I shouldn't be too long. Then this evening I'm going to take you to dinner.’
‘William I don't want you spending all this money on me, I....’
‘Shssh. It's our special outing together. I daresay if I get the acting job and we come to live in London, we'll have to live in poverty for a while. So let's make the most of the high life while we can.’
Finally the lift reached its destination, and they stepped out into a hallway that was somewhat more pleasant than the reception downstairs. The carpet was quite plush, and the paintwork perfect. Doors ran off from each side, but when William looked at the number on the key, he realised they were in the room at the very bottom of the hall.
Daisy had never stayed in a hotel before and had no idea what to expect. It felt strange to be in a grand building, and not be a member of staff and expected to fetch and carry. There were people here who were paid to do that for her, and she fretted about how she should give them orders.
William opened the door, and they stepped into the room. He switched the electric light on, and when Daisy saw where she would be staying, she gave a little whoop of joy. It reminded her of one of the apartments in the East Wing at Barnham House. There was a huge, four-poster double bed, oak furniture, a little area with a settee, and a couple of easy chairs. The curtains up the windows were made from thick damask, and expensive looking rugs covered the floor.
‘Am I really going to be staying here?’ she gasped.
‘Yes!’ William laughed. ‘It's a bit musty isn’t it? Probably hasn't been used since the War!’
Daisy didn't care. It felt amazing to be in such a room and not have to try and fade into the background or be expected to clean the grate or fetch and carry dinner plates. She danced around the room, laughing and singing. She sat on every surface, spreading her arms wide; just to take in that she could do whatever she wanted. William put their cases on the bed, and opened a little door tucked away at the back of the room.
‘Bathroom's okay,’ he said.
‘Bathroom?’ Daisy repeated. ‘We've got our own bathroom?’
‘Yes, look.’
With another excited whoop, Daisy got up and ran to join William. She couldn't believe her eyes when she saw a pristine white bathroom just like the one the Lord and Lady had en suite. Back home she had to share a bathroom with the other staff, and sometimes it was left in a disgusting state. The white enamel surfaces in here were gleaming and she pitied the poor maid who'd got them to this level. She was so grateful to William for bringing her to such a place that without thinking, she threw her arms around his neck.
‘Thank you,’ she almost sobbed. ‘Thank you so much.’
‘What for?’ he laughed, rubbing her back. ‘I've only brought you to a crabby hotel.’
‘It might be crabby to you, but to me it's luxury.’ She pulled away from him and walked around. ‘Usually when I'm in a room like this, I'm expected to keep my head down and keep quiet and not be seen. But all this is mine, just for a few hours.’
‘Oh my darling Daisy, I do love you so,’ he said, reaching out and grasping her hand, pulling her to him. ‘You're the only person I know who I feel is being honest and true with me.’
He lowered his head to kiss her once more, and Daisy panicked. They were alone in a room, with a bed, and no parents or Mrs Rogers or anyone else to see them. She was scared it could go further and backed away.
‘What's wrong?’ he frowned.
‘I'm not sure it's right. Us kissing like that. Here.’
‘I suppose you're right,’ he sighed. ‘I should be getting ready for the audition anyway.’ He kissed her briefly upon the cheek.
‘I won't be five minutes. Make yourself comfortable.’
Daisy sat upon one of the easy chairs and looked out of the window at London. In the distance she could see chimneys choking out smoke. On the far horizon she could just make out Big Ben and she smiled, remembering that Sunday when she and William first came here. It was a wonderful town and there were so many opportunities for a girl like her. She guessed that here in London it wouldn't matter that she was poor or didn't have any parents and didn't know fancy words and didn't have a pot to piss in. People came here to make their fortune, and Daisy could just imagine her life with William. He could do his acting, and she could get a job in a department store. She’d enjoy serving posh women like Lady Ashleigh, knowing that at the end of the day she could go home to her own house, and not depend on their charity.
William re-emerged from the bathroom looking dapper in a pair of Oxford bags, and an Argyle print vest over a short-sleeved shirt. He'd brushed the kinks out of his hair and it looked golden and floppy again. He was so beautiful and perfect, Daisy still couldn't comprehend why he wanted to be with her.
‘How do I look?’ he asked.
‘Really handsome,’ she smiled. ‘You'll knock 'em dead.’
‘Let's hope so Daisy darling, then I can make my fortune as an actor and we can move up here for good.’

William left, and Daisy realised that she was hungry. She hadn't had any breakfast that morning - her nerves and excitement had stopped her from eating; but now she was here and she was happy and settled, she felt famished. She went downstairs and as soon as her nose caught the smell of food, she realised the hotel had a cafe. She found it at the back of the building, and saw it was not much bigger than the tea room she and Priscilla had visited in Guildford. It was empty so she was served immediately, ordering a ham sandwich and a cup of tea. When the young waitress asked her if she would be dining alone, she told her that her husband had had to go out on business, and giggled to herself as the young girl bought it and walked away.
Afterwards, Daisy asked the man on reception how she got to High Street Kensington, and he told her it was about a twenty minute walk. Daisy thanked him and left. Luckily it wasn't raining, so she enjoyed a leisurely stroll through the unfamiliar streets.
High Street Kensington was filled with grand shops and the ladies entering them looked very wealthy. As Daisy passed a huge department store called 'Bottomley's', she noticed a sign in the window saying 'Shop Girls Wanted'. Daisy wasn't sure what it was, but the Devil had got into her and before she could stop herself, she went inside. Stepping through the doors, her nose was met with the smell of the most exquisite perfume, and suddenly she found herself surrounded by lots of counters displaying exotic looking bottles; with girls who looked like they had stepped out of fashion magazines, standing next to them. Daisy felt quite intimidated by them all, and didn't know who to ask. She walked around as though she knew what she was looking for, until she spotted a young girl not much older than her polishing a counter that held an array of gentlemen's shaving products.
‘Excuse me,’ she said politely. The young girl stood up and looked at her, and the snotty expression on her over-made up face told Daisy she'd made a mistake in approaching her.
‘Yes?’ she snapped. 
‘Er, it says in the window that you want shop girls.’
‘Personnel's on the Fifth Floor,’ was all the girl said and she returned to her polishing. Fighting the urge to run out of the shop, Daisy walked off, further into the emporium, and asked another, friendlier-looking young woman where the lifts were. With a cheery smile, she pointed Daisy in the right direction, and soon Daisy was on her way up to the Fifth Floor in yet another rickety lift that scared the life out of her.
When the lift doors opened, she walked out into a blank-looking lobby with no tables or chairs or anyone about. It smelt strongly of beeswax and the blue carpet on the floor looked as though it had been vacuumed to an inch of its life. A sign on the wall said 'Personnel', with an arrow pointing down to the end of the hallway, and Daisy followed it. The nearer she got, the louder the sound of clacking typewriters became. She finally came to a door marked ‘Personnel’ but it was closed. When Daisy knocked on it, someone called for her to come in and she pushed it open and found herself in a large office filled with desks, at which young girls sat typing. At the front was an older woman with a snooty air about her. She didn't have a typewriter, but sat shuffling some papers instead.
‘Can I help you?’ she asked Daisy, fixing a false smile that didn’t reach her eyes.
‘Er, it says in the window that you need shop girls.’
‘Do you have any experience?’
‘Not really, no.’
‘What do you mean by not really?’ The woman said loudly, seemingly wanting to embarrass Daisy. Even though she was in her nicest clothes and had brushed her hair before she came out, it was as though she had 'country bumpkin' written all over her.
‘Well none at all. I'm a maid at the moment, but I'd like to work in a shop. I'm going to be moving up to London soon you see.’
‘Well we're looking for girls to carry us over the Christmas period, so we need people with experience. I'm sorry.’
‘But I'm a fast learner,’ Daisy pleaded. ‘It wouldn't take me long.’
‘Look, give me your name and address and if anything comes up in the restaurant or the kitchens, I'll contact you.’
Daisy didn't want to work in the restaurant or the kitchens, but it was better than nothing and maybe she could work her way up.
The woman picked up a pencil and what looked like a scrap of paper. 
‘Go on,’ she said.
‘It's Miss Daisy West, Barnham House, St Paul's Dean, Haslemere, Surrey.’
The woman scribbled the address down carelessly and Daisy got the feeling it would be put in the bin the moment she walked out of the room.
‘Thank you Miss West,’ she said abruptly. ‘We'll be in touch if anything comes up.’
Realising she'd outstayed her welcome, Daisy turned and left, feeling very foolish to think a shop like this would ever be interested in employing someone like her. She decided she would head back to the hotel and wait for William. Browsing round fancy shops had lost its appeal.
As she walked along the corridor, she was halted by someone calling her name.
‘Daisy?’
She turned around and found one of the smartly-dressed young secretaries who'd been in the Personnel office, running along after her. Daisy stopped and wondered what the girl wanted to say. As she came closer, Daisy was sure there was something familiar about her. She was a pretty girl, with very dark features and her hair cut into a bob similar to Daisy's; but around her head she had affixed a band with a flower on. She had a very prominent dimple in her chin, and Daisy hadn't met many girls who had this and it made her think of a girl she knew in the orphanage.
‘This is a terribly rude question, but were you in Empire Street Orphanage?’ the girl asked, lowering her voice slightly.
‘Yes, why?’
‘You don't remember me do you?’
As soon as she said this, the girl's name came back to her. Winifred Gilbert. She was about four years older than Daisy, and once, when Daisy was about seven, she’d fallen down the stairs and Winifred had found her and carried her to the Infirmary and stayed with her all through the night. Daisy remembered her having a face like an angel, and she hadn't changed. In fact, age had made her more beautiful.
‘Winifred?’ she asked. ‘Is that you?’
‘Yes,’ she smiled. ‘I thought I recognised you. And as soon as you said your name and that you worked at Barnham House, I put two and two together. I remember how Lady Ashleigh chose girls from Empire Street to go and work for her.’
‘You've done well for yourself,’ Daisy said. ‘A secretary.’
‘My mother-in-law works with me,’ Winifred replied. ‘She got me in here.’
‘Mother-in-law? You're married?’
Winifred nodded.
‘Ronnie and I married last year. Anyway, what are you doing in London?’
‘My boyfriend has an audition. He wants to be an actor you see. I've come up here with him, and if he gets the part he’ll want to move to London.’
‘How exciting. So I take it you want to move up here too?’
‘Yes. I can't be a maid for ever, it's so boring.’
‘You always were a bright little spark if I recall correctly. Anyhow, just to say, ignore Miss Peacock, she's always like that. If I hear of anything I'll let you know.’
‘Oh bless you, thank you Winifred.’
‘It would be lovely if you came to work here. Just hold tight. I’m sure something will turn up. Anyway, I'd better be getting back or the old dragon will be after my blood.’
‘Yes, well thanks again Winifred.’
‘Not a problem. Enjoy the rest of your stay Daisy.’
She turned and sprinted back to the office. Daisy suddenly felt more positive and couldn't wait to see William to give him her good news.

Daisy returned to the hotel and got a shock when she found William was back from the audition already. He was sitting in one of the easy chairs, his head in his hand, looking out of the window,. Daisy could tell immediately that he wasn’t in a good mood and that the audition hadn’t gone well, and she decided that maybe it wasn’t a good idea to tell him about what had happened at Bottomley’s.
‘Hello,’ she said tentatively.
He glanced round and smiled at her, but she could see his eyes were sad.
‘Hello Daisy,’ he said. ‘You been out shopping?’
‘I took a walk to High Street Kensington.’
She sat on the sofa close to his chair, and felt nervous about asking him how it went. For a moment she felt like the maid and William her employer, and she had no right to intrude. She then checked herself. They were here as equals and he’d chosen for her to be involved in all of his so she was entitled to ask.
‘How was it?’ she asked.
‘Terrible,’ he replied, returning his gaze to the window.
‘Why?’
‘I don’t want to talk about it Daisy.’ He turned back, and to her horror she saw tears glistening in his eyes. He reached out and grasped her hand.
‘Did you buy anything nice?’ he asked.
‘No, I just looked in the shops. And I also went into a shop called Bottomley's and enquired if they needed any staff. You know, just in case we come to live here in London.’
He withdrew his hand sharply and looked back out of the window.
‘That's not going to be happening Daisy,’ he said. ‘I'm going to be knocking the old acting on the head for a while.’
Daisy hated seeing him so defeated. William was one of life's optimists. He could talk his way out of anything and never let things get him down. She knelt before him, reaching up and stroking his soft hair back from his forehead.
‘What happened?’ she asked. ‘You love acting. You can't let one knock-back put you off.’
‘I can't talk about it,’ he said, and one of those tears he'd been holding back fell onto his cheek. ‘Just hold me Daisy, please. Put your arms around me.’
Daisy got up, and in a bold move, sat upon his lap; wrapping her arms around his neck and laying her head against his. 
‘You know you can tell me anything don't you?’ she said.
He turned his head to look at her and he smiled. Some of the sunshine returned to his face, and he stroked her cheek and kissed her softly upon the lips.
‘Who wants to dwell on horrid things when I have someone as lovely as you to look at?’ he said.
Daisy smiled and hugged him tighter, not letting on that she was aware of what was happening underneath her bottom. She'd felt it before, when the boys who'd tried their luck down in Portsmouth had pressed her up against the wall behind a pub; and she'd have to fight them off before they went too far. It always made her laugh, how easily that thing came awake - just by being close to a pretty girl. But it was different now. She loved William dearly, and he wasn't some drunken yob round the back of an alehouse. He was the person she wanted to marry and spend the rest of her life with. But to let him do that...well it was still immoral. They weren't even engaged.
He put his mouth close to her ear and kissed it, at the same time slipping his hand across her thigh.
‘Come to bed with me Daisy,’ he whispered. The words reverberated throughout Daisy's body, and for a moment all she could think about was saying yes to him.
‘I've never...’ she whispered. ‘I haven't...’
‘Neither have I!’ he laughed. ‘But I couldn't think of anyone I'd rather have my first time with.’
‘But what about if I got pregnant? Someone I know went all the way with her master's son and she got pregnant by him and he abandoned her and she was all on her own.’
‘Shhsh,’ he said, putting his finger to her lips. ‘If you get pregnant then they'll have to let us marry. And one day you will be Lady Ashleigh.’
‘I don't want to be Lady Ashleigh. I just want to know you'll always be there for me and the baby - if it happens.’
‘Always,’ he said and he couldn't say any more. It was as though her lips held a magnetic force that drew him to her and he had to kiss her again. Even though they were going to overstep the line, Daisy didn't hold back. She took charge of William's fumbling mouth and kissed him properly; and when she did, he jumped back slightly, frowning.
‘Where did you learn to kiss like that?’ he asked.
Daisy had to think fast. To admit to him that she and Susan often went to Portsmouth and kissed random boys would make her look loose. She didn't want William thinking bad of her, so she had no choice but to embroider the truth a little.
‘I saw this fellow a couple of times when we went to Portsmouth. He was a sailor and went back to sea, so I didn't see him again.’
‘But you never...?’
‘Oh no. Nothing like that. Just kissing.’
‘Good,’ he replied, her lips luring him back again. ‘Because I can't bear the thought of anyone else touching you.’
Once in bed, William's bravado slipped away somewhat and he became a nervous boy who wasn’t quite sure what to do. Neither did Daisy, but she trusted her body enough to guide her in the right direction, and as she allowed William to touch her, his confidence grew and instinct took over. No one had ever told her what it was supposed to feel like, but people alluded to it so much - writing in novels of grand passion, or the maids would whisper behind their hands, scorning girls who'd done it. Even the sensible and upstanding Priscilla had fallen pray to the sins of the flesh, and so Daisy had assumed there would be something spectacular about it. But there wasn't. It was all rather uncomfortable and a little embarrassing for William when things came to a head rather too quickly, and he rolled off her onto his side and said nothing. Daisy lay there wondering if something else was supposed to happen, or if that was the grand act that people were obsessed with; and if so, why?
She turned and looked at William and reached out, touching his shoulder.
‘Are you okay?’ she asked.
‘Leave me alone!’ he snapped, and she realised his voice sounded tearful.
‘It was lovely,’ she fibbed. ‘There's no need to be upset.’
Still he didn't reply and Daisy lifted herself up, and looked over his shoulder. She gasped when she saw he was crying. Was that normal? Did boys always cry after sex? She'd never heard of such a thing, but what did she know?
‘Why are you crying?’ she asked. ‘Was it horrible for you?’
He turned onto his back and carried on crying uncontrollably. His face was wet and his eyes red. It hurt Daisy to see him like this, and she guessed it had nothing to do with her. Something had gone horribly wrong in that audition.
‘What is it?’ she asked.
‘I feel dirty,’ he said. ‘I feel as though I shouldn't have touched you. That's why it was over too soon. I know it. There's something wrong with me.’
‘What are you talking about?’
He pushed her out the way and sat up, bringing his knees up to his chin, rocking slightly, a fervent look in his eyes.
‘You mustn't tell anyone Daisy. You promise?’
‘About what? About us? Of course I won't.’
‘Not just that. The audition. That man. He was disgusting. The way he was disgusted me.’
‘What do you mean he disgusted you?’
‘The only reason he got young boys there was so he could get them to do things. I wanted to punch him. I wish I had.’
‘I'm completely confused now William. What and who are you talking about?’
He turned and sat on the edge of the bed, fetching his trousers from the floor and taking out his cigarettes. He lit one without even asking Daisy if she wanted one and as he smoked, she could see his hand was shaking. 
‘HW Hicks,’ he finally said. ‘The only way I was going to get a part in that film was if I allowed him to touch me. What a disgusting, dirty thing to do? Make a film set in a school just so you can molest young boys.’
‘He touched you? You must go to the police and report him.’
‘And who would they believe? A respected film director or a schoolboy?’
‘But your parents...’	
He looked round at her, a terrified expression in his eyes.
‘They can never know. Not after what happened before.’
‘It's happened before?’
He laid back down but kept a distance between them, remaining on the edge of the bed, looking up at the ceiling.
‘It was my final year in Prep school. We had a new master start there, Mr Browning. He'd always make me stay behind after class as he reckoned I was naughty. He used to touch me and make me touch him. Afterwards I'd run to the wash block and scrub myself clean. It was as though my skin was tainted by him. One day I’d just had enough and when he was covering for the sports master, he shouted at me for doing something wrong during rugger and I went up to him and punched him square on the nose. I was taken to the headmaster and caned, and my parents were called, and I was threatened with expulsion, of course Ma and Pa couldn't face the humiliation of that, so they paid the headmaster off and I stayed. I was suspended for a week and father beat me for being naughty. In the end I told him what Mr Browning did, and he beat again me for lying. But funnily enough, Browning left at the end of the term, and I'll never be sure if Father was behind it. Or maybe he did it to another boy and his parents actually believed him.’
‘I've never heard of such a thing,’ Daisy uttered. ‘Men touching little boys. Little girls, yes. We were always being told at the orphanage not to go off with strange men, but not boys.’
‘I know it isn't my fault, and I never wanted it to happen and I'm not perverted in any way. I like girls. I've always liked girls. When I first saw you, I thought you were the prettiest thing I'd ever seen. But today at that audition, it brought it all back to me.’
He turned and looked at Daisy. At least he'd stopped crying; but he still looked so frightened.
‘You must promise you'll never tell anyone about what I just said.’
‘Cross my heart and hope to die.’
He reached down and took her hand, bringing it up to his lips and kissing it.
‘I love you Daisy. I don't know what I'd do without you.’
‘I love you too,’ she replied. ‘I don't know what I'll do when you go to France. I think I'll die.’
‘I'll write to you every day, I promise. When I come home for Christmas we'll arrange something so we can be together. When I leave school next summer I'll be seventeen. Maybe I can get a job or something and I'll leave home.’
‘Your parents will never give their permission for us to marry. We've got to face that.’
‘Well we'll run off and pretend we're married. Nothing can stop us being together Daisy, and I mean that. You're the only good thing in my life.’
Chapter Seven

November 1924

It was the final fitting of the bridesmaids’ dresses before the wedding, and Daisy really wasn’t in the mood. She felt unwell all the time and the thought of spending her day off in Guildford with Priscilla and her annoying sister Maddie, was not appealing. Maddie was nothing like the cool, laid-back Priscilla. Instead she was like an excitable puppy, crowing on about how this was her fourth time of being a bridesmaid and wondering how much longer it would be before her boyfriend Humphrey made her a bride. She was friendly to Daisy but made it clear that she thought it strange, her very middle-class sister having a servant as a bridesmaid; and because of this, Daisy always felt she had to watch her Ps and Qs, and exaggerate her role at Barnham House - just to appear more important.
They were now in Salon Simone, the bridal shop from where Priscilla was getting her dress. As Daisy stood surrounded by all the beautiful lace and taffeta gowns, all it did was serve to remind her of her own predicament. She didn't even know how a girl was supposed to know if she was pregnant. But she’d heard stories about morning sickness and missing monthlies. Daisy hadn't had a period since her trip to London back in August. She didn’t feel sick every morning - sometimes it was just queasiness. But there was the fact that where she'd once been flat-chested, she was now sprouting breasts. Even Susan had noticed it and commented when she saw how snug Daisy's uniform was fitting across her chest. Daisy lied and said she'd been eating too many of Mrs Collins's cakes and was putting on weight. But the look on Susan’s face said she didn’t believe it.
Now, as she and Maddie stood in their burgundy dresses, being fussed over by Madam Simone, she couldn't help but notice that where on Maddie the dress fitted as it should - with the low waist hanging loosely. On Daisy it fitted snugly against her hips. A few weeks ago, her dress had been as loose as Maddie's.
‘My my,’ the very grandiose Simone said. ‘I thought you young girls were supposed to eat like birds these days. You have gained a lot of weight in a matter of weeks Miss West.’
‘It's because it's cold,’ Maddie said, twisting and turning to look at herself in the mirror. ‘I always eat more when it's cold.’
‘But she must have put on seven pounds. I'm going to have to let this dress out.’ She looked over at Priscilla, who was sitting having her head-dress adjusted by one of the junior assistants. ‘I’m going to have to let this girl’s dress out Miss Bryant. She’s getting fat.’
‘Not to worry,’ Priscilla said, adjusting the lace cap that would go over her hair from which the train would hang. ‘We don’t want the bridesmaids looking too glamorous anyway, do we?’
She glanced at Daisy and smiled and winked, then returned to what she was doing. Daisy cringed with embarrassment as Simone complained and fussed and prodded her with pins, trying to get the dress to look presentable. At one point, Priscilla left what she was doing and came over to them, looking at both girls’ dresses.
‘Tell you what, why don’t you make Daisy’s dress really loose? Then she can put as much weight on as she likes.’
‘It won’t match the other Miss Bryant’s,’ Simone tutted. ‘It would be better if she could just resist from eating cream cakes.’
‘It’s fine,’ said Priscilla. ‘Just make it nice and loose. If she’s slimmer on the day we can always tie a sash round.’
After enduring the fitting, the girls headed to the same tea room where Daisy and Priscilla had gone to that day back in August. Daisy almost felt bad for being hungry after the lecture from Simone; but she just couldn’t stop eating these days. As soon as the queasiness abated each morning, her massive appetite would take over and she would start thinking of food, hoping Mrs Collins would want her down in the kitchen, just so she could nick pieces of bread when the cook wasn’t looking. She ordered a bowl of chicken soup and a roll, and wished she could be like Maddie and just pick at a buttered tea bun. Priscilla wasn’t eating at all as she wanted to remain slim for her wedding.
‘Are you alright Daisy?’ she asked. ‘You look peaky.’
‘I haven’t been feeling too good for a while,’ she said quietly. ‘I’ll be okay.’
‘I bet it’s excitement about the wedding,’ Maddie said. ‘Sometimes one can get so worked up it makes you feel quite ill. I’m quite giddy myself.’ She gave a snorting laugh. ‘The Victorians probably called it hysteria or something.’
She became suddenly distracted and looked out of the window. A big smile broke out over her pretty but gormless face and she started waving frantically.
‘Look there’s Clarissa Phelps!’ she exclaimed. Priscilla turned around and looked out at a young red head who was walking along the high street.
‘So it is,’ she said. ‘Why don’t you go and say hello to her?’
‘Alright. I won’t be long.’
Maddie got out of her seat and rushed out of the door, running after Clarissa, and even from here, her screeches could be heard. Priscilla smiled at Daisy and sipped her tea.
‘Maddie went to school with Clarissa,’ she explained. 
‘I see.’ was all Daisy said.
‘What’s the matter?’ Priscilla asked quietly. ‘You’re so quiet lately. What’s bothering you?’
‘Maybe I’m just nervous about the wedding, I don’t know.’
‘Daisy, I don’t know how to ask you this, but when you went to Southampton, did you meet anyone?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘A boy. Did you meet any boys?’
‘No,’ Daisy blushed, instinct telling her what Priscilla was driving at – after all, she’d been there once herself.
‘Only, you know I consider you one of my closest friends. And friends can tell each other anything can’t they?’
‘There’s nothing to tell,’ Daisy snapped, wishing Maddie would come back into the shop. Priscilla wouldn’t be able to talk like this in front of her sister. ‘I went to Southampton and saw my friend and that was it.’
‘Only I thought I'd better warn you that I heard Betty and Jean gossiping the other day. They were saying how they weren’t able to get into the lavatory two mornings in a row because you were in there being sick.’
Daisy blushed so deeply it felt as though the skin on her face would melt off. To think that the other maids were aware of her predicament was horrifying. What if word got back to Lady Ashleigh?
To her utter relief, the shop door bell rang and she looked up to find Maddie re-entering. As annoying as she was, at least she put an end to this mortifyingly embarrassing conversation. Daisy wondered what the hell she was going to do if the other maids were gossiping about her. She couldn’t ask Mrs Rogers to call out for the doctor to come and examine her.  Whenever he came out, Lady Ashleigh would foot the bill and she’d want to know what was wrong with Daisy and what she was paying for. There had to be some other way of having it confirmed.
‘Clarissa’s going to a party in Portsmouth this evening,’ Maddie said as she sat back down. ‘She’s asked me to go, but it would mean going back with her and getting a ride down there.’ She wrinkled her nose at Priscilla. ‘Would you mind if I went? Would it be rude Cissy?’
‘No. Go on,’ Priscilla smiled, and Daisy wished she instead would cling to her sister and beg her not to leave.
‘Thanks Sis,’ Maddie said, quickly leaning across the table and kissing Priscilla on the cheek. ‘I’ll see you soon.’
She stood up and looked down at Daisy as she put her coat on.
‘I hope you feel better soon Daisy,’ she said. ‘We don’t want a poorly bridesmaid do we?’
She left the shop and Daisy felt like running after her. She hoped Priscilla had forgotten what she was saying, and they could talk about something else.	
‘Why does she call you Cissy?’ she asked.
‘Because she couldn’t say my name when she was a baby. All she could say was Cissy.’  Priscilla took another sip of her tea. ‘So, what we were saying before. I’m going to ask you outright. Are you pregnant?’
‘No,’ Daisy cried. ‘Stop asking me.’
‘Well if you’re being sick every morning and you’re not pregnant, I suggest we ask Mrs Rogers to call Doctor Barlow in, because you’re obviously ill.’
‘Just let it go Priscilla,’ Daisy said. ‘It’s not important.’
‘It is if you’re sick or in trouble. Please, just tell me.’
‘Alright, alright. Maybe, okay. Maybe.’
‘Oh Daisy,’ Priscilla sighed. ‘I thought so. Why didn’t you tell me beforehand?’
Daisy looked around to make sure no one else in the room was listening.  This was quite possibly the most embarrassing moment of her life. She looked back to Priscilla and lowered her voice.
‘I don’t even know if I am,’ she whispered. ‘I don’t know how it’s supposed to feel.’
‘No-one’s ever told you?’
She shook her head.
Priscilla reached out and grasped Daisy’s hand, giving it a squeeze.
‘Oh my poor Daisy,’ she sighed. ‘You must be so frightened.
‘Is it normal?’ Daisy said quietly, glancing down at her chest. ‘For those to get bigger?’
‘Yes, it's all part of it.’
‘And the being sick?’
‘Yes.’
‘I'll die of shame!’ Daisy cried, thinking of what Susan had said. And now Betty and Jean were gossiping. If they all put two and together...
‘Who's the father?’ Priscilla asked.
‘I can't talk about it here!’ Daisy wailed. ‘People can hear. Let's go back to the house. Come to my room.’
‘Alright. But I want the full story Daisy. If I'm going to help you. I need to know everything.’

They travelled the short distance back to Haslemere in relative silence; and when they did speak, it was as though Daisy's pregnancy had never been mentioned. Priscilla talked of how pretty her head-dress was, or how sweet Evelyn, Madam Simone’s assistant was. Daisy quietly thought to herself what a pretty name Evelyn was and started day-dreaming, imagining William coming back from France and marrying her, and their baby would be a little girl and they’d call her Evelyn. Lady Evelyn Ashleigh had a nice ring to it.
She wondered how William would feel about becoming a father. Every week he would send a letter for her to pick up from the post office in Haslemere and in each one he would pledge his undying love, saying how he hated the French school and called all the masters pigs; and apparently the girls who were there were stuck-up madams obsessed with money and status. He was counting down the days until December 15th – the day before Priscilla’s wedding, when he would return for the Christmas holidays. Daisy had thought of little else - dreaming of them spending time together, thinking back to the summer, after they’d returned from London; when William would do everything in his power to make sure they could have some time alone. Daisy had hoped they’d be able to enjoy that again. But instead she would have to spend her time avoiding him, or else trying to persuade him to defy his parents and elope with her.
They returned to the house and went down to the servants’ quarters. As they walked along the corridor to Daisy’s room, Susan came towards them; and on spotting her friend with the governess, developed a bitter expression upon her face. Daisy knew she resented her relationship with Priscilla, and she blushed in embarrassment, knowing that the other maids had been talking about her. Now Susan would feel obliged to mention that Priscilla had come down here - even though she was considered ‘above stairs’.
‘Had a nice day Daisy?’ Susan asked, in a clipped voice.
‘Yes thank you Susan,’ she replied.
‘Got your wedding dress all sorted out Miss Bryant?’
‘Yes, thank you Susan. But Daisy and I have to discuss a few final details, so if you’ll excuse us.’
Susan gave a begrudging smile and walked off. Daisy and Priscilla went into her room, and Daisy flopped onto her bed, wondering how she was going to begin to explain herself. Should she lie? Pretend she’d met some bounder in Southampton? Priscilla seemed to have a sixth sense and Daisy was sure she would see right through it.
‘So what happened?’ Priscilla asked, sitting beside her. ‘Did someone take advantage of you in some way?’
‘No,’ Daisy replied quietly. ‘It wasn’t like that.’
‘Is the father in a position to marry you?’
‘I don’t know. I might not even be having a baby, Priscilla. Let’s not jump the gun.’
‘These things won’t go away Daisy. Presuming you are pregnant, who is the father?’
‘William,’ Daisy replied quietly.
‘I beg your pardon.’
‘William.’
‘Master William?’
‘Yes.’
‘But how? I thought you didn’t…I warned you Daisy. How did this happen?’
‘I’m sorry Priscilla,’ Daisy cried. ‘I’m so sorry I let you down. But William and I love each other. I never went to Southampton. I went to London with William.’
‘Daisy!’ Priscilla cried. ‘You lied to me!’
‘I’m sorry. Please forgive me Priscilla.’
‘You realise if Lord and Lady Ashleigh find out about this, they’ll sack you immediately.’
‘They’ll sack me anyway when they find out I’m having a baby.’
‘What were you thinking? Didn’t anything I tell you about Philip Warburton sink in?’
‘William’s different. I’m the only person he trusts. We’re going to be together when he come homes from France next year.’
‘Of course he’s told you that,’ Priscilla sighed. ‘Men will say anything to get you to do what they want.’
Daisy couldn’t hold back any longer, and the tears she’d been bottling up since she’d first realised something had gone wrong, came falling out. She felt foolish and bad about lying to Priscilla when she’d been so kind to her. Priscilla was her only true friend in the world and now she would hate her for being so devious.
‘I didn’t even know anything like that was going to happen!’ she sobbed. ‘He was going to London for an audition because he wants to be an actor, and I went with him to keep him company. But he didn’t get the part and he got very upset and I comforted him and one thing led to another.’
‘And was that the only time?’
Daisy shook her head and carried on crying - far too embarrassed to go into further details of the snatched moments she and William had grasped, either in his room or in the deeper recesses of the tropical gardens when there had been events happening in the house and everyone was too pre-occupied to notice them gone. Or the time in the ancient part of the house annexed at the side, that no one ever visited.
‘William can never marry you Daisy,’ Priscilla said firmly, putting her arm around her shoulder. ‘One day he will be a Lord. This grand house will be his, and the land around it, and the houses in London and Bath that the family own. William will be very rich and powerful, and he cannot marry a maid. He will have to marry someone of his own class - to carry on the family line.’
‘But he doesn’t want all this. He wants to be his own man. He writes to me all the time telling me how much he hates it in France. He plans to come home and start out by himself.’
‘He’s a young, rebellious man who has spent most of his life getting into trouble. I’m afraid you’re nothing more than another part of that rebellion, Daisy. One day, like many young men, he will settle down and conform and you won’t be part of it.’
Her words cut Daisy to the quick, and she couldn’t equate her kind, sweet William with the cruel, selfish bounder Priscilla was describing. Priscilla didn’t see him when they were alone. How he would cling to Daisy and beg her never to leave him. Slowly opening up and telling her more about the horrid master at school who had abused him. He was so ashamed of allowing himself to be used by this perverted man - even though he had been a child, he would be tormented by it forever. He’d never confided in anyone else, and Daisy knew she would never breathe a word about it.
Priscilla stood up and walked to the door, and when she looked back at Daisy, the hurt and disappointment on her face was evident. Daisy had never hated herself more.
‘I’m going to have to think about this and decide what we’re going to do,’ she said. ‘But until then, don’t talk to anyone about it.’
‘Who have I got to talk to?’ Daisy sniffed. ‘All the girls here think I’m stuck up. Now you think I’m a liar.’
‘I think you’re foolish. But you’ve made a mistake many of us have been guilty of. I’ll make sure you’re alright Daisy, I promise.’

***

Daisy returned to work the next day, and to her horror had to spend the day with Betty and Jean, getting the rooms in the East Wing ready for a visit from some American friends of the Ashleighs. Knowing the two maids had talked about her, made Daisy withdraw further into her shell. As she knelt cleaning the grate, she felt sick and her head swam; but she gritted her teeth and bore the discomfort, knowing that to say something would just arouse their suspicions more. Betty was cleaning all the mirrors, while Jean was polishing the furniture, and the smell of beeswax was wafting up into Daisy’s nose, making her feel even more sick, and she wanted to tell Jean to stop putting so much on.
‘Have you heard about the scandal over at Crowthorne House?’ Jean suddenly said.
‘No,’ Betty replied.
‘One of the maids threw herself off the roof. Only turns out she was expecting by the Lord and master. Fancy that.’
Daisy felt herself blush and she edged herself closer to the black, grimy fire. Anything to escape the scrutiny of her colleagues. 
‘What happened afterwards?’ Betty asked.
‘They cleaned the body up, took it away and nothing more was said. The Lord reckoned the stories going round about ‘em were lies, and of course everyone believed him. Well except the Lady.’ She laughed. ‘I bet they got separate bedrooms now.’ She paused, and Daisy knew Jean was looking in her direction - even though she had her back to her. ‘Have you heard about it Daisy?’ she asked.
‘No.’
‘No you wouldn’t. Not with you preoccupying yourself with people above you.’
Daisy bit her tongue. Once upon a time she would have turned around and given Jean a piece of her mind. But she knew better than to do this. Jean was a spiteful girl and would use any ammunition she could to discredit Daisy; and the last thing she wanted was to get into trouble with Lady Ashleigh.
‘Let it be a warning to you Daisy,’ Jean continued. ‘If you mix with your betters, nothing but bad will come of it.’
‘Priscilla isn’t my better,’ Daisy said through gritted teeth. ‘She’s a servant the same as us.’
‘Hardly. She lives up ‘ere. She don’t have to sleep down in that freezing cold basement. I was so chilly last night I had to lay in bed with me coat on.’
This started Betty off about the weather, and thankfully for Daisy, the conversation changed course. She was glad once the work was done and they could go down to the kitchen for supper. Even though the hot broth Mrs Collins had made was hardly appetising, Daisy was so hungry, she polished off two bowls. She noticed the other girls staring; but at that point, she didn’t care. All she could think about was her rumbling stomach.
A couple of the girls started a card game, and Mrs Collins got out her knitting. Lady Ashleigh didn’t like the servants to smoke in the kitchen so Betty, Jean and Martin all went out into the servants garden to brave the cold and have a cigarette. Daisy sat like a spare part, not knowing where in this house she belonged. She hated it down here, and the only thing that kept her going was the knowledge that in three weeks time she would see her beloved William again.
The kitchen door opened and Priscilla came in. All activity ceased and everyone sat up to attention, as if the Lady herself had entered the room. Priscilla smiled and looked at Mrs Rogers, who was reading The Daily Sketch.
‘Mrs Rogers, could I have a word with Daisy please?’ she asked. ‘We have wedding business to attend to.’
‘Do as you please,’ Mrs Rogers replied, without even looking up from her paper. ‘It’s her free time now.’
Daisy smiled at Priscilla and got up from her seat, following her out of the room. She knew everyone was going to start talking about her the moment the door was closed, and she wished a part of her could remain behind to hear what they said.
They walked to Daisy’s room in silence, Daisy only aware of the sound of her heart pounding in her chest. She was almost too scared to hear whatever it was Priscilla had planned for her. She hoped that her friend knew of some sort of remedy - something Daisy could take that would make the baby come out of her. That would be perfect. Then she could return to her original plans of seeing William over Christmas, and they could make plans to run away once he left school.
Priscilla shut the door and sat upon the bed, grasping Daisy's hand and pulling her down next to her.
‘I take it you still think you're pregnant?’ she asked.
‘Yes,’ Daisy replied. ‘Nothing's come.’
‘Okay. Well I've been thinking about this, and I've spoken to Charles and he's kindly agreed to help you.’
‘Help me do what?’
‘We're going to keep quiet about the pregnancy. You're just going to have to pretend you're getting fat, and ignore any questions people may ask you about it. I estimate that your baby will be due in May, so in April, Charles and I are going to ask you to come and live with us and be our housekeeper.’
‘Housekeeper! But I've never done such a job.’
‘And you won't, silly. You'll stay with us until the baby’s born, then you can arrange to have it adopted.’
‘Adopted?’ Daisy's heart sank. Even though this pregnancy was a curse, she hated the thought of someone else looking after her baby - never knowing where it was or what was happening. She knew only too well what it was like to grow up without a mother. She didn't want that for her child. ‘Can't I keep it?’
‘Everyone will know you're not married,’ Priscilla said. ‘It would cause terrible scandal, and you'd never find a man to marry you.’
‘I don't want to marry anyone else. I just want William.’
‘Get William out of your head, Daisy,’ Priscilla snapped. ‘He can never be yours. You've got to take care of yourself and your baby, and that's all there is to it.’
Chapter Eight
December 1924

It was the first morning in weeks that Daisy had woken up and not felt sick. This alone was enough to lift her spirits, let alone the fact that tomorrow William would be coming home from school, and she would see him for the first time in three months. The day after, she would be attending Priscilla's wedding, and although it meant spending a day with the irritating Maddie; she looked forward to seeing her dear friend get married. They rarely spoke of the baby, but Daisy knew that Priscilla was convinced she was going to live with her and Charles in a few months time, and Daisy went along with it.  She was so grateful to Priscilla for her kindness - no one had ever been so nice to her in her life, but she knew her plans would never come to fruition.
Despite the terrible timing, and them not being married, Daisy couldn't help but get excited at the thought of becoming a mother. She'd even decided to call it William if it was a boy or Evelyn if it was a girl. She knew if she and William ran away together, then they would live in poverty, but she didn't care. Being pregnant made her realise that she wasn't after riches or a title. All she wanted was to be with her baby and the boy she loved, and to finally have a home of her own.
Getting out of bed, she smiled to herself, imaging Betty and Jean expecting her to be in the toilet being sick, and the disappointment they’d feel when she emerged from her room looking immaculate. Her maid's uniform was now so tight, she could only fasten the top and bottom buttons, relying on her apron to cover the gaps. She completed her disguise by telling Mrs Rogers that she felt the cold and asked if she could wear a cardigan over her uniform. Daisy’s weight gain had even become a running joke amongst the staff, and she laughed it off by claiming she was eating more because she was so nervous about becoming a bridesmaid. Finding it all quite amusing, Mrs Rogers said that when she had time, she would dig out a uniform that had belonged to Agnes, a rather portly maid who’d left shortly before Daisy had started.
Today the house was buzzing with excitement. It was the day the Christmas decorations were put up, and Daisy learnt that it was quite an event at Barnham House. Apparently Lady Ashleigh pulled out all the stops to transform the exotic-looking Paradise into a winter palace that would have looked right at home in her native Sweden. Mrs Rogers told Daisy that one year she turned the old part of the house into a grotto, and had employed one of the local men to dress up as Santa Claus. She’d had some reindeer brought over from Finland, and had invited all the children from St Paul’s Dean to come and tell Santa their wishes. Mrs Rogers always cooed about how beautiful the eighteen year old Princess had been when she’d married the master, and that the young maids had thought she looked as though she’d come from a fairy tale. The Christmas stunt was one of the first things she’d done, and it seemed from then on she felt she had a reputation to maintain.
Daisy had been given the task of helping Stubbs and Martin decorate the tree in the lobby. The twenty five foot tall pine tree was going to take centre-place underneath the curved staircase and would be the first thing any visitor to the house saw. Apparently the house would constantly receive visitors during the Christmas period and some years they’d been known to entertain a hundred people for Christmas lunch.
Martin and Stubbs stood up on ladders, either side of the tree, affixing tinsel, whilst Daisy knelt on the floor, sorting through the boxes of baubles, sifting out any ones that were broken. Pregnancy had done something to Daisy’s sense of smell, and she felt as though she could smell every single needle on the tree; all the dust on the baubles and the polish on the floor and it was making her queasy.
The front door bell rang, resounding through the house. It was usually Stubbs’ job to answer it, but Daisy glanced up at him and noticed the look of irritation and inconvenience on his face.
‘Would you like me to go?’ she asked.
‘Well it’s not really proper,’ he said. ‘But just this once won’t do any harm. It is a special occasion after all.’
Excited to have been given an important job like answering the door, Daisy stood up, smartened her uniform; and bending the best she could, brushed the dust off her knees. Straightening her back, she walked to the front door and took a deep breath before opening it. She found a very tall, dramatic looking man standing there, wrapped up in a long black coat, snow settling on his bushy grey whiskers.
‘Good morning,’ Daisy said in her poshest voice.
‘Bonjour,’ the man said, tipping his hat. ‘May I please see Madam Ashleigh?’
Just the fact that he was French sent a nervous shiver down Daisy’s spine and she wondered why he was here. She hoped it was nothing to do with William.
‘May I ask who's calling?’ she asked politely, remembering what she'd seen Stubbs do so many times before.
‘Certainly. I am Monsieur Legrand from Les Clinique Saint Jean, Paris.’
That last word struck fear into Daisy. This had to be about William. Why else would Lady Ashleigh receive a visitor from Paris? Remembering her job, Daisy did a little curtsey and ushered him into the hall, asking him to wait. She knocked on the drawing room door and entered to find Lady Ashleigh in there with Susan, and they were laughing as they tried to affix some holly to the huge gilt edged mirror that hung above the fireplace. Lady Ashleigh turned and looked at Daisy, the playful smile not leaving her beautiful, well-boned face.
‘Yes Daisy?’ she asked.
‘There's a visitor for you Ma'am,’ Daisy said. ‘A Monsieur Legrand from the Clinic Saint John, Paris.’ Daisy cursed herself for not saying it properly.
Lady Ashleigh's smile quickly turned into a look of puzzlement and she passed the piece of holly she was holding to Susan, who did a little jump because it pricked her.
‘Paris?’ she said.
‘Yes Ma'am.’
‘Thank you Daisy, would you show him in?’
Daisy went back into the hall, where the man was standing beneath the tree, looking up at what Stubbs and Martin were doing.
‘Lady Ashleigh will see you now sir,’ Daisy said politely.
He turned and looked at her, giving a little bow.
‘Merci,’ he said and he followed her into the drawing room. Lady Ashleigh dismissed Susan, and the two girls walked into the lobby.
‘'ere, I wonder if Master William's been taken to hospital,’ Susan whispered.
‘What do you mean?’ Daisy replied.
‘Before I came 'ere I worked for this French woman in London. I picked up some bits and pieces and I know ‘Clinique’ is a hospital. You know, like ‘clinic.’’
‘A hospital?’ Daisy uttered. ‘Why's he come here from a hospital?’
‘I dunno. I've been chucked out, same as you have.’
‘Daisy can you please stop gossiping? You're supposed to be helping?’ Mr Stubbs called from across the lobby. Daisy scurried back to the tree and left Susan to trudge back down to the servants’ quarters – examining her pricked finger as she went.
Daisy returned to her sorting, but within ten minutes, was given a shock when the drawing room door seemed to fly open and Lady Ashleigh came out. Her face was flushed and she bore a painful expression. Daisy could swear she saw tears in her mistress’s eyes, and she longed to run to her and ask what had happened to her beloved William. She couldn't bear the thought of him being hurt in some way.
‘Stubbs could you please fetch Mrs Rogers and come into the drawing room immediately?’ she asked, trying to sound composed, but her voice was clearly strained.
‘Yes M'lady,’ Stubbs said, climbing back down the ladders. Lady Ashleigh went back into the drawing room, while Stubbs went upstairs to find Mrs Rogers - who was probably helping to make up one of the rooms for the guests that were coming. Daisy's heart was beating so fast she thought it was gong to burst out of her chest. She longed to find out what was going on. She looked up at Martin and furrowed her brow. He just shrugged his shoulders and returned to what he was doing.
Stubbs and Mrs Rogers came rushing back down the stairs and went straight into the drawing room, shutting the door behind them. Daisy did all she could to strain her ears to see if she could hear what was being said, but the walls were so thick in this place, it was impossible.
‘What do you reckon's going on?’ Martin asked.
‘I don't know. Susan reckons the man's from a hospital in Paris.
‘That'll be Master William,’ Martin said. ‘Got into some scrape or another, more than likely.’
Daisy's hands shook as she tried to sort through the baubles. She prayed that William wasn't too badly hurt - whatever he had done. She wanted him to come home tomorrow. She wanted to tell him he was going to be a father, so they could start making their plans for escape.
A few minutes later, the drawing room door opened and Stubbs came out. He went rushing upstairs without saying a word, then Mrs Rogers emerged, and with a grave face, came over to Daisy and Martin.
‘Lady Ashleigh will be going to Paris for a few days,’ she said. ‘But everything has to carry on as normal, do you hear me?
‘Is everything okay?’ Daisy asked. ‘Will Master William's room still need making up?’
‘No Daisy, Master William is going to be in hospital for a few weeks. He won't be coming home for Christmas.’
Daisy was glad she was kneeling; otherwise she would have stumbled backwards.
‘What's wrong?’ Martin asked.
‘It's not my place to ask Martin and best you remember that,’ Mrs Rogers snapped. ‘Now get on with your work.’
Half an hour later, Lady Ashleigh rushed off out into the snow, followed by Monsieur Legrand and Stubbs - who was carrying her case. Daisy couldn't help but think it unfair. She was carrying Lady Ashleigh's grandchild and yet the only person who knew about it was Priscilla, which meant she had no right to ask questions or find out about the welfare of her baby's father and had to remain in the dark.
Once Lady Ashleigh left, Stubbs returned to decorating the tree as if nothing had happened. Daisy went into a sulk, begrudging helping, and moaning every time a pine cone fell onto her head. Sometimes she hated working at this house, being made to feel like a piece of dirt just because she was a maid. If it wasn't for her, they wouldn't have their precious Imelda - she would have drowned. But that seemed to have been forgotten now, and Daisy was treated just the same as everyone else.
There was the sound of footsteps on the stairs, and Daisy looked up to find Priscilla coming down. This was her last full day at Barnham House - tomorrow she would be taken up with wedding rehearsals, then the day after that she would leave for good. She and Charles were moving into a large house in Haslemere. The same house Priscilla was convinced Daisy would be moving into as well; but Daisy clung onto the hope that William would come back to her soon and they could run away.
Priscilla stood by the tree, folding her hands neatly in front of her and looking up at Stubbs.
‘Could I borrow Daisy please Mr Stubbs?’ she asked. ‘I need to discuss the wedding with her.’
‘Take her,’ Stubbs huffed. ‘She's neither use nor ornament. She's already passed me three broken baubles.’
Daisy followed Priscilla up to her room. Imelda's lessons had finished for the day, and she was in the nursery with Nanny Bertha. Priscilla and Daisy went into Priscilla's modest apartment, and Priscilla instructed her to sit on the small chaise lounge close to the window. She took the chair nearby and sat forward so she was close to Daisy.
‘Daisy, what I'm about to tell you is in the strictest confidence. You must never breathe a word to a soul. Do you promise?’
‘I promise,’ she uttered. ‘I'm scared Priscilla. What's going on?’
‘Mrs Rogers is going to call a meeting and inform the staff that Master William fell over and broke his leg and arm and is unable to travel back to England for Christmas. That's the official line. The truth is that the gentleman who came to visit was from Clinique St Jean in Paris, which is a hospital for the mentally unstable.’
‘William isn't mentally unstable!’ Daisy cried. ‘There's nothing wrong with him.’
‘He brutally attacked a master at the school, then climbed onto the roof and threatened to throw himself off. He was inconsolable and so it's been decided he needs some rest and relaxation for a while. Mrs Rogers told me because – technically - William is in my care. Nanny Bertha has also been told. No one else will know the truth, and I'm only telling you because in the circumstances I feel you have a right to know.’
‘B-But he'll come home afterwards won't he?’ Daisy uttered. ‘What about the baby?’
‘We've talked about this before Daisy,’ Priscilla sighed. ‘William mustn't know about the baby. No one must know about it. What’s happened doesn’t change our plans. But I just wanted you to know what's happening.’
‘He must be in such a state. I’ll write to him.’
‘You'll do no such thing. Everything must remain as we planned. In March you'll come and live with Charles and myself and have the baby. Then we'll deal with it afterwards.’
Daisy couldn't help herself and burst out crying. All her plans had been shot to pieces. She'd awoken that day with such hope in her heart, convinced that tomorrow she would be seeing William; but instead he was confined to some lunatic asylum in Paris. William wasn't mad, couldn’t they see that?  He was just disturbed by what had been done to him by that master back at school. It was the master who should be found and punished, not William.
‘Oh Daisy,’ Priscilla sighed, sitting beside her and putting her arm around her shoulder. ‘I know this all seems like the end of the world, but it isn't. We'll sort something out about your baby, I promise. We'll find it a nice home to go to.’
‘I don't want to give my baby up,’ Daisy cried. ‘I want my baby, and I want William.’
‘Shshh, don't upset yourself. It's not good for you or the baby. Just try and take it easy, and look forward to the wedding. That'll be a nice day won't it?’
Daisy nodded, wiping her tears on the sleeve of her cardigan.
‘I just wish I could see William once more,’ she said. ‘Just to know he's okay.’
‘No Daisy. William's in the past now. You've got to concentrate on your future.’
Chapter Nine

May 1925

Evelyn Elizabeth West was born on May Day. It was fortunate for Daisy that it was Priscilla's day off and she was at home to help her friend through the birth. Daisy had never experienced such pain, and never wanted to go through it again. But when little Evelyn was laid in her arms, she forgot all that had gone before and bonded with her daughter instantly. Evelyn, or Evie, as Daisy had taken to calling her, was the most beautiful thing she had ever seen, and Daisy was convinced she was the spitting image of William. What hair she did have was golden, and her eyes were the brightest blue. Daisy loved her immensely, and did her best not to think of when the time would come and she would have to say goodbye to her. To be separated from Evie was unthinkable - she was a part of her and she never wanted her to leave her side.
Priscilla returned to school the following day, leaving Daisy alone with her baby. After the birth, Priscilla and Charles had paid for a doctor from the village to come in and examine Daisy and Evelyn, and he declared both were fit and well and able to be left alone. Daisy didn't mind, she’d taken to motherhood like a duck to water, and had no trouble adjusting to Evie's routine - feeding her when she cried and changing her when her nappy became too smelly.
By the time Evie was three days old, Daisy felt her energy returning and she got dressed and went downstairs to the main part of the house for the first time since her daughter’s birth. Priscilla had donated her own Moses basket to Daisy, and as she lightly tidied up after Priscilla and Charles, she carried Evie about in it in the crook of one arm. She loved living with the Crays. Until she'd become too heavily pregnant, she'd indeed carried out light housekeeping duties for them, and she didn't see why she couldn't remain living with them. The little attic room in which she slept was more than adequate for her and Evie, and none of the neighbours gossiped because Priscilla had told them that Daisy was her widowed cousin and they bought it. There was no reason why they couldn’t keep their little idyll, and that would mean she wouldn’t have to give Evie up.
Daisy settled Evie down on the kitchen table, and was just about to tackle last night's dishes, when the front door bell rang. Daisy wondered who it could be. Priscilla and Charles were new to the village and got few visitors, except occasionally of an evening, when one of Priscilla's pupils would knock at the door and ask her for help with the homework she'd given them. Daisy went to the door, remembering that she had to say she was the housekeeper, should the visitor ask who she was.
On opening the door, for a moment she didn't recognise the person wrapped up in a big black coat with the collar turned up, a trilby hat pulled down low over their eyes. Then she recognised the gold signet ring on the little finger of his left hand as he clutched the coat to himself, and she thought she was dreaming.
‘William!’ she gasped. ‘William is it really you?’
‘Yes,’ he whispered loudly. ‘Let me in before anyone sees me.’
She stepped back and let him into the hall. William was the last person she expected to see and she couldn't believe he was here. She’d written to him ages ago and told him she was pregnant, and he’d never replied. She’d told him of all the plans Priscilla had for their baby, and hoped he’d respond by saying he’d come and rescue them – and now it seemed he finally had.
He took off the trilby, and Daisy gasped to see that all his beautiful golden locks had been shorn off and now all that remained was a layer of fuzz not much thicker than the downy hair on Evie's head. His cheeks were sunken, and dark circles nestled below his eyes. He looked like the ghost of her beautiful William, and Daisy couldn't help but let out an audible sob.
‘Don't cry Daisy,’ he said, reaching out and pulling her to him. It felt so good to be close to him again, but he felt like a stranger. He was thin and his movements jerky. She pulled away and looked up at him, running her hand over the downy hair.
‘What did they do to you?’ she cried.
‘I did it,’ he replied with a strange, proud smile. ‘Didn't want to look pretty any more.’
‘What happened to you? Are you back for good?’
‘First things first old girl,’ he said. ‘Where's the baby?’
‘In the kitchen. Come and see her, she's beautiful.’
She took his hand and led him through the house to the huge kitchen at the back. Evie was still asleep in her Moses basket, and it filled Daisy's heart with joy to see father and daughter finally together. William looked into the basket and smiled as he reached in and stroked Evie's cheek.
‘She's beautiful,’ he said. ‘Truly beautiful. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant before I went into the hospital?’
‘Priscilla stopped me. She doesn't even know I wrote to you. I lied to her one day and said I was going to Guildford to buy baby clothes. I actually went to the library and looked up the address of the clinic you were in.’
As if exhausted, William flopped down onto one of the chairs and Daisy couldn't help but worry about him. It was as though someone had turned off a switch, and all his lights had gone out. William had always been so vibrant and cheeky, but before her sat a shell. He looked older than his seventeen years, and as he tried to light a cigarette, she noticed his hand was shaking and his fingernails were filthy.
‘Do your parents know you've gone out?’ she asked, sitting opposite him.
‘They think I've gone for a walk for some fresh air,’ he replied. ‘So I can't be too long.’
‘What happened to you William? How did you end up in hospital?’
‘He came back to haunt me Daisy,’ he said with a hapless smile. ‘The bastard came back to torment me.’
‘Who?’
‘Browning. He turned up at the school as a supply teacher. Of all the teachers in this big, wide world and they chose him. I walked into his class one day and hit him around the head with a cricket bat. I hoped I’d killed him, but I knew I couldn’t face Madam le Guillotine, so I thought I’d spare them the bother of executing me by jumping off the roof. They got me down before I jumped. Turned out I’d just knocked Browning unconscious, so there was no lasting damage unfortunately. But there’ll be other times, I’m sure of it.’
‘You’d do it again?’ Daisy frowned.
‘I’ll do it until I kill him,’ William said resolutely, narrowing his eyes and violently expelling a plume of smoke. He’d changed, and his new manner was scaring Daisy. Where had her playful, happy-go-lucky William gone? This one was edgy and bitter, and she was scared she’d never get the one she loved so much back.
‘Let it go,’ she said softly. ‘He isn’t worth it. You’re home now. You can come and see Evie as often as you want to. I’m sure I’ll be able to talk Priscilla round.’
‘Not that simple old girl,’ he replied. ‘I’m being shipped off to America.’
‘What?’
‘Ma and Pa think I need something constructive to do, and I can’t go back to school, so I’m going to stay with my Uncle Sven in New York and work for his bank.’
‘Banking? New York? You don’t want to be a banker.’
‘I haven’t much choice,’ he shrugged. ‘They can’t have the heir to Barnham House as some sort of nut job can they? They think if I’m busy I’ll get better.’
‘But if you’re in America you’ll never see Evie, or me.’
He smiled and reached across the table, grasping Daisy’s hand. His skin felt rough and she could feel the tremble in this touch.
‘As soon as I get there I’ll write to you and tell you my address. I want you to write to me and tell me all about Evie.’
‘Don’t leave William,’ she cried. ‘Please don’t go. We can run away together. You me and Evie.’
‘I’ll be no good to you like this Daisy,’ he said. ‘I need to get away for a while, and when I’m better I’ll come back for you.’
‘They’ll take Evie away from me. If I’m on my own they’ll take her away from me.’
‘Can’t you stay here with Priscilla and her husband?’
‘I don’t know. I wish I could. I couldn’t bear to be without Evie now.’ She gripped the sleeve of his jacket, holding onto him tightly. ‘Let me come with you,’ she begged. ‘I can pretend to be your maid or something. I don’t mind going to America.’
‘It’s not possible Daisy,’ he smiled sadly. ‘Ma’s coming over with me to make sure I’m settled. I’ve got no escape.’
The finality of it got to Evie and she broke down. Not only was she now losing William; it meant she had no hope of keeping her daughter either. Unless she could persuade Priscilla to keep her on as a housekeeper, she would have no choice but to give Evelyn up for adoption. It felt as though her world was ending around her and she wished she was dead.
‘I will come back for you Daisy,’ he said softly. ‘I promise. I still want to marry you and be a father to Evie. But not until I’m better. I’ll get better in America. Then everything will be alright.’
‘By the time you come back Evie will have been adopted,’ she sniffed. ‘Neither of us will know what has happened to her.’
William got out of his seat and walked round to the other side of the table, sitting beside Daisy and wrapping his arm around her shoulder, pulling her to him.
‘Priscilla’s kind,’ he said. ‘She won’t see you separated from your baby. You’ll be able to keep Evie, I’m sure of it.’
He let Daisy go and stood up, sticking his hands in his pockets and hunching his shoulders.
‘I’d better go,’ he said. ‘They’ll be sending out a search party otherwise.’
‘Don’t go William,’ Daisy cried, gripping hold of his coat. ‘Please don’t go.’
He bent down and kissed her upon the cheek.
‘I have to,’ he said. ‘Don’t cry my lovely Daisy. It’s not the end, I promise.’
He stood back up, reached into Evie’s Moses basket, stroked her cheek, and walked out of the door. Daisy didn’t even have the strength to chase after him. She was so wracked with worry and despair, all she could do was clutch her stomach and cry. She wept for the loss of William; she wept for the fact her daughter was going to be taken away from her. She didn’t know this Mr Browning, or why he did what he did to William, but right then, Daisy wanted to kill him herself. He was to blame for all of this.  His behaviour had sent William mad, and everyone’s life was going to be ruined because of it. Daisy knew what it was like to be an abandoned baby. She didn’t know who her mother or father were, and when she’d given birth to Evie, she’d become even more aware of it. She wondered how her mother could have gone through the pain of childbirth, just to abandon her child on the doorstep of an orphanage. And one day Evie would grow up and know her mother had abandoned her too. Daisy hoped Evie would go to a loving family who’d never tell her she was adopted. No one deserved to feel they weren’t wanted. Especially not her darling daughter.

***

Priscilla was late home that evening. She was normally in by five o'clock - about an hour and a half before Charles; but today, as the clock struck half six, she walked in the door. Daisy had busied herself by making them a rabbit stew for dinner. But she would never tell Priscilla that it was flavoured by her tears because she couldn't stop crying. That would mean confessing the truth to Priscilla, and she felt she’d already told enough lies to her friend already. She didn’t want her to know she’d been in contact with William.
‘Something smells nice,’ Priscilla said, sitting down at the kitchen table. ‘You didn't have to cook for us Daisy.’
‘I like to,’ she replied quietly, wiping her tears away. She tried to laugh. ‘Trouble is, the onions have made me cry.’
‘Come here, anyway. I have something to tell you.’
Daisy left the stove and joined Priscilla at the table, where Evie was still asleep in her Moses basket. Priscilla’s happiness seemed to be the opposite of the despair Daisy felt. She reached across the table and grasped Daisy’s hand. 
‘I've just been to see the doctor in the village,’ she announced. ‘I'm having a baby.’
‘A baby?’
‘Yes, in November. I'm so happy Evie. After what happened before, all I've wanted is a baby I can hold and keep.’
‘A friend for Evie,’ Daisy smiled. ‘They can grow up together.’
Priscilla's face grew grave but her grasp on Daisy's hand grew tighter. 
‘No Daisy. As much as it pains me to say this, Charles can't have two screaming babies in the house, and still get up for work the next morning. I was thinking maybe next week we could go to Guildford Town Hall to see about getting her adopted…before you grow too attached to her.’
‘I'm already attached to her!’ Daisy cried. ‘I can't give her up, she's my baby. Please don't make me have her adopted Priscilla.’
‘You have no choice Daisy. You can live here as long as you like. Charles and I would be more than happy to keep you on as a companion and housekeeper. But we can't have two babies. I also have a reputation to keep, and if people find out there's an illegitimate child in the house, it could cause all sorts of scandals. I could lose my job, Charles would be abandoned by his clients and you would be forced from the village. Evie deserves to go to a nice home with a mother and father who can look after her properly – without any shame. It might seem like the end of the world right now, but you will meet someone else, and you'll have more children. Look at me. I thought my world had ended when I lost my baby. Now I'm married to Charles and expecting this one.’
‘But you didn't have your baby,’ Daisy cried, knowing it was a cruel thing to say but she couldn't help herself. Today had probably been the worst day of her life and right now she felt like running all the way back to Paradise and throwing herself in the lake from which she'd saved Imelda Ashleigh. ‘I’ve had Evie. I’ve held her and fed her and changed her nappy and comforted her when she’s cried. Please don’t make me give her to someone else to do those things.’
‘I know that,’ Priscilla replied quietly. ‘I agree entirely, but I still knew my baby was there and a part of me. Then it was gone. You’ll know Evie is beautiful and healthy and she'll have a happy life with people who love her.’
Daisy didn't want to be in Priscilla's company any longer. Deep down she knew what she was saying was right, but she didn't want to hear it. Priscilla wasn't a mother yet. She didn't know how it felt to give birth to a baby, hold it and bond with it. Evie was as much a part of Daisy as her arms and legs, and she wouldn't want to lose any of them - and she didn't see why she should have to lose her daughter either.
Chapter Ten

On the Saturday morning of that week, Charles decided to take Priscilla in his brand new motor car up to Epsom, to go to the market. They offered for Daisy to join them, but she refused. She wanted to relish what time she had left with Evie and decided to stay home with her baby. Priscilla had made up her mind that they were going to Guildford Town Hall on the Wednesday of the following week, as it was her day off and she insisted on going with Daisy, because she knew her friend would probably chicken out if it was left to her alone.
Daisy thought about running away before then. She had a little money saved from when she worked at Barnham House, and she wondered if she could move to Portsmouth or Southampton - where no one knew her. The baby weight was quickly dropping off, and she still had her looks. She was sure she could get a job in one of the pubs, or a hotel or something. Then once she was settled, she could write to Priscilla and tell her where she was - just in case William got in touch and wanted to come back and see them.
Daisy was indeed sitting on her bed, counting her savings, when there was a knock on the street door. Thankfully for her, it didn't wake Evie, and she left her sleeping in her crib whilst she went downstairs to open it. She got the shock of her life to find Susan standing there, looking very prim in her coat and hat. She had that usual miserable look on her face and Daisy wondered what on earth she was doing here.
‘Susan,’ she uttered. ‘Hello.’
‘Hello Daisy,’ she replied curtly. ‘How are you?’
‘I'm very well, thank you.’
Susan kept peering over Daisy's shoulder, into the house, not moving and indicating that she wanted to come in. Daisy hoped Evie didn’t start crying. Susan couldn’t find out she had a baby - it would all be round Barnham House like wildfire if she did. Then no doubt Lady Ashleigh would be curious to know who had gotten one of her maids pregnant.
‘Can I come in then?’ Susan asked.
‘I’m rather busy…’
‘It won’t take long, and I have walked all the way from the house.’
Reluctantly, Evie stepped to one side and let Susan come in. She didn't hide her curiosity - looking around as if her life depended on it.
‘There was a letter come for you,’ she said, taking a good look at the real gold clock on the hall sideboard. It was a family heirloom on Charles' side, and so precious that Daisy didn't even dare clean it.
‘A letter?’ Daisy asked, wondering who it could be from. Susan absent-mindedly fished inside her handbag, whilst walking into the kitchen, still being nosy.
‘Are you looking for something Susan?’ Daisy asked.
‘No. Well, yes.’ She turned around and looked at Daisy, smiling brightly. ‘There were rumours, that's all. You know what it’s like.’
‘What sort of rumours?’
‘That you had a baby.’
Daisy blushed.
‘Oh yes. Who said that?’
‘Just a few of the other maids. You know, with you getting fatter, and then disappearing. And none of us have heard from you since you moved out.’
‘I didn't think any of you wanted to hear from me.’
‘We used to be good chums Daisy. Till you palled up with Miss Snooty Knickers Bryant. Sorry, Mrs Cray, that is.’
‘There's no need to be like that. Priscilla and Charles have been really kind to me.’
‘Why's that.’ Susan's speech was halted when she spotted a pile of Evie's freshly washed nappies lying on the kitchen table. ‘So it's true?’ she gasped. ‘You have got a baby.’
‘Don't tell anyone Susan, I beg you.’
‘Where is it?’ Susan gasped excitedly. ‘Are you going to marry the father? When did it happen?’
‘I'm not going to marry the father, and I'm going to have her adopted if you must know.’
‘Where is she? Can I see her?’
‘No, she's asleep.’
‘Have you given her a name?’
‘Evelyn. Look, I'm begging you Susan, don't tell anyone.’
‘I won't, I promise. Who’s the father then?’
‘Just someone I ran into when I went to Southampton. It's not important. Can I have my letter?’
‘Oh yes.’
She passed Daisy the envelope and sat down at the table, fingering Evie's nappies.
‘So when was she born?’ She asked.
‘Last week.’
‘Why don't Priscilla and her husband bring her up? They could afford it.’
‘You've asked too many questions already Susan. Can you go now?’
‘Can't I have a cup of tea?’
‘No, Priscilla and Charles will be home soon. They don't like me having visitors.’
‘Miserable cow,’ Susan snarled. ‘Always thought she was better than the rest of us, just cos she was the governess. Anyway, I've got news of my own. Bob's asked me to marry him.’
Daisy couldn't help but feel a pang of jealousy. Susan had taken more chances than Daisy in her time, and yet she'd never got caught out. Now she was getting the fairy tale, and yet Daisy was facing handing over her beloved baby.
‘Congratulations,’ she said. ‘When's the wedding?’
‘Probably in the summer. I'll be leaving Paradise then. I'll want to dedicate myself to looking after my husband.’
Daisy had heard enough. Susan was gloating and it was just spiteful and boring. Daisy felt wretched enough about herself as it was. She didn't need her nose rubbed in it.
‘Like I said, Priscilla will be home soon.’
‘Can I come and see the baby before it's adopted?’ Susan asked.
‘No. Now just go Susan. And if I find out you've breathed a word to anyone, I'll write to Bob and tell him all about you and those two sailors down in Portsmouth last summer.’
‘You used to be a laugh,’ Susan snarled as she stood up. ‘Now you're as much of a miserable cow as that Priscilla. I'll see myself out.’
Susan left, and Daisy slumped down at the table, feeling herself shaking. Even the threat of exposure might not be enough to stop Susan gossiping, and it was possible that soon every member of staff at Barnham House would know she had an illegitimate baby. It made Daisy even more determined to run away. There had to be somewhere she could go where no one knew her and wouldn't judge her.
Remembering she had the letter, she tore it open and was a little surprised to see unfamiliar handwriting, and when she read it, she gave a little gasp of shock.


Daisy
I hope you are well. I am rather writing to you on the hop, as I last saw
you in the Summer, and all sorts of things could have happened to you
since then. I hope your young man got his acting role. Who knows? You
could be living in Hollywood now! But I thought I’d take a chance and
drop you a line to let you know that Bottomley’s are opening a new store
in Victoria and they are looking for girls to work in all departments. I
remember you wanted to work in a department store, and as I have been
given a temporary role in their Personnel department, I could put a good
word in for you.

At the top of this letter is my home address. If you’re interested, write t
me and let me know.

Take care

Winifred.

Daisy was shocked. She’d forgotten all about her trip to Bottomley’s. That day, back in the summer of last year, felt like an eternity ago. Indeed, all she could think of it as was the day she probably conceived Evie. So much had happened since then, that Daisy had put it to the back of her mind. She didn’t know what to make of this offer, but it did plant a seed of hope in her mind. She had no idea how well paid girls in department stores were, but she could bet it was more than a maid. If she went to London, she could start a whole new life, and take Evie with her. There were bound to be women up there who did childminding and would take care of her baby while she worked. Trouble was, what would she tell them? When she'd seen Winifred back in August, she'd said she was with her boyfriend - not husband, so she couldn't pretend to be a widow. They'd still know she was an unmarried mother, and she doubted very much if they would take her on then.
Priscilla and Charles came back laden down with the many things they'd bought; and in one of the bags, Daisy could make out baby clothes and blankets. She felt so jealous of them being able to keep their baby, that when Evie started to cry from upstairs, she swiftly left the room. She found herself feeling uncomfortable around the happy couple now they were about to become a family; when she was going to be forced to give away the only family she had in the whole world.
Daisy fed Evie, watching her guzzle her milk hungrily, and wondered what would happen to her large, engorged breasts when her daughter was taken away from her. They would normally start to ache around the time Evie needed feeding - as if an invisible bond linked mother and baby, and she wondered if, even when they were miles apart it would still happen. As she thought about feeling this ache, then having no baby to feed, she started crying again. Weeping for herself and weeping for her own mother - that unknown girl who couldn't cope with a child and had left her on the doorstep of the orphanage. Had she too felt this? Had she ached to feed her daughter, but couldn’t because she wasn't there?
There was a knock on the door and Priscilla came in. Daisy covered her breast with her apron and struggled to smile at her friend through her tears.
‘Did you have a nice day?’ Priscilla asked, sitting beside her.
‘Susan came to visit,’ Daisy said. ‘Apparently they've all been gossiping about me at the house, speculating that I had a baby.’
‘And what did you tell her?’
‘I tried to deny it but she spotted Evie's nappies on the kitchen table.’
‘Oh dear.’
‘I've sworn her to secrecy. Believe you me, I know things about Susan that she wouldn't want her fiancé to find out.’
‘Blackmail isn't the answer, but desperate times call for desperate measures I suppose. Why did she come here?’
‘She brought me this.’
From out of her pocket Daisy took the letter from Winifred and passed it to Priscilla. She opened it up and read it.
‘That's wonderful Daisy!’ she gasped. ‘You could start a whole new life.’
‘I know. But I want Evie with me.’
‘How could you work full-time and care for a baby? Who'd look after her?’
‘I'm sure I could find a child-minder. Think about it Priscilla. No-one knows me in London. Maybe I could pretend I was widowed or something. I know Winifred, we were in the orphanage together, and I know she'll make sure I get the job. I could find some lodgings for me and Evie.’
‘I don't know if it would work,’ Priscilla pondered. ‘It's such a big responsibility.’
‘I don't mind. I'll do anything to stay with my daughter.’
‘We'll have to think about it. You're very young, and to be stuck in a big city trying to hold down a job, and looking after a baby would be very difficult. It would be much easier if you didn't have Evie with you.’
‘I don't want to live if I don't have Evie,’ Daisy said. ‘I'm sorry, but it's the truth. She's everything to me.’
‘Alright,’ sighed Priscilla. ‘Let's have a think. I'll chat to Charles about it. Why don't you come down and have supper with us later on? I bought a lovely dinner service in Epsom today. I'm dying to try it out!’
‘Okay,’ Daisy smiled. ‘I'll see you later.’

With Evie down to sleep, Daisy ventured out of her room and went down to the kitchen. The smell of meat cooking in the oven and vegetables boiling in the pans on the stove made her stomach rumble and for the first time in days she actually wanted to eat. Charles sat at the table reading The Express, while Priscilla was arranging some flowers in a vase. It was such a happy picture of domesticity and Daisy envied their baby being born into such a family. He or she would never want for anything. They'd always feel loved, and would not have one sad day.
‘Hello Daisy,’ Charles smiled brightly, putting down his paper. ‘Take a seat.’
Daisy sat opposite him and wondered if he and Priscilla had made some sort of decision about her future. It felt strange. She had gone through pregnancy, childbirth, and was now a mother; and yet because she was only seventeen, she had no real say in her future, and could only go along with what Charles and Priscilla decided - unless she run away of course; and she was still debating whether or not to do that.
‘Would you like a glass of sherry Daisy?’ Priscilla asked.
‘That would be nice, thank you,’ Daisy replied.
‘We've got beef, and I thought this Spanish sherry would go really well with it.’
She poured them each a glass and sat down at the head of the table, so she could see both Charles and Daisy equally. Daisy sipped the sherry and winced a little. She didn’t like sherry. It was so much richer and harder to palate than her usual gin or vodka. But as soon as it slipped down her throat, it started to warm her insides and she felt more relaxed already.
‘Daisy, Charles and I have been chatting and we've come up with a plan. But I need to know first what sort of girl this Winifred is. Is she a nice girl?’
‘She's lovely. She's a few years older than me, and she looked after me when I was little.  I fell down the stairs once and she took me to the infirmary and stayed with me all night. When I went to Bottomley's to see about the job, the woman in the Personnel department was horrible and dismissed me, but Winifred chased after me and stopped me. She said she'd keep an eye out for me, and she has.’
‘Well, we were thinking of maybe going to see her. She only lives in Cheam, which isn't that long a drive. We could explain everything to her. She's going to have to know the truth. But we wondered if we could persuade her to allow you to tell a little white lie and say you were widowed.’
‘Really?’ Daisy gasped. ‘You think I could do that?’
‘It all depends upon this Winifred,’ Charles said. ‘A lot of young women wouldn't want to lie about such a thing.’
‘If she did, I was going to suggest that you use my Walter's name,’ Priscilla said. ‘You could say your name was Daisy Wallis, and your husband Walter died tragically in an accident a month after your wedding. You haven't registered Evie yet, so you could register her as Evelyn Wallis.’
‘Thank you,’ Daisy cried, tears falling down her cheeks - so happy that there was a glimmer of hope that she could keep her little girl. ‘Thank you both.’
‘As for somewhere to live,’ Charles said. ‘An acquaintance of mine - Horace Billington, owns houses all over London; and I do know he has some places in Pimlico, which is quite close to Victoria. I’m sure there’ll be a woman nearby who looks after babies for a few shillings a week. Then you'd be able to work and keep Evie.’
‘But don't build your hopes up Daisy,’ Priscilla said. ‘Winifred might not agree to lie for you, and one can't blame her if she doesn’t. No one likes to tell lies. But we're hoping she’ll realise it's for the greater good.’
Chapter Eleven
Three weeks later

As excited as she was about going to London, Daisy couldn't help but fret about leaving Evie for the day. She was in very capable hands - it was half term, and so Priscilla could remain at home looking after her; but that didn't stop Daisy worrying that something would happen to her baby, and Priscilla wouldn’t be able to contact her. Charles kindly took the day off to drive her all the way up to London, and even though it was such a long journey, he didn’t seem to mind that Daisy found it difficult to talk. She was so nervous, that her stomach was in knots. She had visions of forgetting what they’d practiced, and end up calling herself Daisy West - undoing all Winifred's kindness in agreeing to call her Daisy Wallis. The change of name would take some getting used to. Walter Wallis had always been nothing more than Priscilla's dead fiancé. Now he had become Daisy's fictional husband and she tried her hardest to conjure up a story about him, should anyone ask during her interview.
Charles drove into town and to Victoria Street, where Denby’s, the new department store was opening. It took up a beautiful, four storey building on the corner of Buckingham Gate, and Daisy could just imagine herself working in such a place. It was opening on July the First, and at the moment, brown paper covered all the windows, and the doors were boarded up. But this didn't detract from the splendour, and Daisy knew she wanted to work here more than anything.
‘It's very grand,’ Charles said.
‘Do I look alright?’ Daisy fretted. She was wearing a navy two piece Priscilla had given to her. She’d shortened it, but it was still rather loose. On her ring finger was the cheap brass ring she'd brought from Woolworths in Petersfield. From a distance it looked like a wedding ring, and was enough to keep up the illusion of respectability.
‘You look lovely,’ Charles smiled. ‘Go on, knock them dead.’
Daisy got out of the car, smoothed down her skirt, and stood and looked up at the imposing building. If she got this job, it would mean she could keep Evie. If she didn't, then she only had another two weeks before she would have to give her up for adoption. With such enormity resting on this interview, she began to shake and had to take deep breaths. She then waved to Charles and entered the little side door that Winifred had instructed her to enter.
Entering a narrow, dusty hall, Daisy found a flight of stairs at the end, and as she climbed them, her mind filled with memories of that horrible woman at Bottomley's who made her feel like dirt. If she faced someone like that here, she wouldn't stand a chance. Winifred might have put a word in for her, but nothing changed the fact that Daisy had no experience of working in a shop.
A handwritten piece of paper had been stuck onto the plain wood door at the top of the stairs. It read 'Personnel', and with a shaking hand, Daisy knocked upon it, and she immediately recognised Winifred's voice, telling her to come in. She opened it to find the huge room largely empty, apart from a desk in the middle, behind which sat Winifred and another older, over-made-up woman who looked friendlier than the one at Bottomley's.
‘Hello Mrs Wallis,’ Winifred smiled brightly, just like she'd told Daisy she would. ‘Take a seat.’
Daisy fumbled for the chair in front of the desk and sat down, clutching her bag to her.
‘I'm Mrs Forbes and this is Mrs Wingrave. Did you have a pleasant journey up from Hampshire?’
‘Er yes,’ Daisy said, trying to clear the frog from her throat. ‘My friend's husband drove me up here in his motor car.’
‘I bet you've got a sore bottom!’ Mrs Wingrave suddenly declared with a jolly laugh. ‘Terrible contraptions. My sister's husband's got one and he drove us to Southend in it. By the time I got there, I could hardly walk.’
‘I wonder if they’ll catch on,’ Daisy said, daring to smile. ‘Trains are much easier and comfortable.’
‘Now, Mrs Forbes tells me you're a widow,’ Mrs Wingrave frowned. ‘But you're only seventeen and four months. What happened?’
Mrs Wingrave wouldn't have even noticed the glance that passed between Daisy and Winifred; but the two girls had carefully rehearsed exactly what Daisy was going to say. She got everything right, even down to fiddling with her wedding ring; as if she was thinking of her beloved late husband.
‘We married on my sixteenth birthday,’ she said. ‘He was working in Portsmouth, but when I got the job at Barnham House, he came with me and got a job with the blacksmith in St Paul's Dean. He died a week after I discovered I was pregnant for Evelyn.’
‘That's awful,’ gasped Mrs Wingrave. ‘What happened?’
‘He'd taken the blacksmith's horse and cart down to Hook to get some supplies and there was thunder. The horse bolted and the cart crashed.’
She didn't say any more. A grieving widow wouldn't be able to go into too much detail. Although she did almost smirk when she thought about what they'd considered saying - that a horseshoe had fallen on his head and killed him!
‘So you have a little girl now. Where is she?’
‘She's down in Haslemere being looked after by a friend at the moment. But if I was to move to London, I would find a childminder for her.’
‘Won't you find it tiring? Looking after a baby and holding down a full-time job?’
‘I have no choice. I have to support Evie, and Surrey has too many memories of my dear Walter. I'd like to make a fresh start.’
‘Now you've not worked in a shop before have you Daisy?’ Winifred said, leading the questions in a direction that would work in Daisy's favour. ‘But you had varied experience at Barnham House.’
‘Yes. I mainly worked with Mrs Cray - the governess, in the nursery. In fact my reference was written by her.’
From her bag she took the reference Priscilla had written her, and while she had not put anything libellous, she highlighted the work Daisy did with her at Barnham House; and how she'd worked as a housekeeper for her for the past three months. Daisy passed it to Winifred, who read it, then passed it to Mrs Wingrave.
‘So having been a maid and a housekeeper, I assume you know a lot about serving,’ Mrs Wingrave said, and Daisy's heart sank. The woman was either going to say she was unsuitable for the job, or else offer her work in the kitchens; and while she'd agree to do it - as it meant keeping Evie, she’d so dreamt of working on the shop floor.
‘Yes,’ she replied quietly.
‘Only on the fourth floor we're going to have the biggest chinaware department in England and we need lots of girls to work in it. It would be good to have someone who knew her way round a serving dish.’
‘Really?!’ gasped Daisy, trying to play down her excitement.
‘Yes. Now we will expect you to work alternate Saturdays, so you'll have to find someone to look after baby. Will that be a problem?’
‘I shouldn't think so, no.’
‘The wages are fifteen shillings a week and you'll be expected to work from half eight to half five. You'll be given a uniform so you'll have to come in and be measured. You'll start on July the First, but before that you'll have to come in for training.’
‘Does that sound acceptable Daisy?’ Winifred smiled.
‘Yes it does,’ she replied eagerly.
‘Well in that case, welcome to Denby's,’ Mrs Wingrave smiled. ‘We’ll be sending you a formal offer letter with all the details, and we will see you on July the First.’
‘Thank you!’ Evie gasped. ‘Thank you so much. I'll work so hard, you won't regret it.’
The three women shook hands and Daisy got up to leave, trying hard not to skip with excitement. As she walked back down the stairs, she heard Winifred call her.
‘Daisy!’
Winifred was coming down the stairs, looking just as happy as Daisy felt. The two girls stood in the hallway below the stairs and Winifred passed Daisy a piece of paper.
‘You mentioned that you were going to be living in Pimlico,’ she said. ‘I took the liberty of finding the address of a childminder for you. She's based in Warwick Way.’
Daisy couldn't help herself. She threw her arms around Winfred's neck and squeezed her tightly.
‘Thank you so much,’ she gasped. ‘Thank you for everything. I won't let you down. I promise.’
‘I know you won't,’ Winifred replied, easing her away. ‘Perhaps to me you'll always be that little girl who fell down the stairs, and I feel I've got to look after you.’
‘Well I'm really grateful. At least I can keep Evie now.’
‘And make sure you keep that wedding ring on at all times. Even if it turns your finger green!’

Charles was delighted for Daisy when she told him she'd got the job. They then set off on the short journey to Pimlico. Morrison Street was sandwiched between the railway line going into Victoria, and the river Thames. Charles's acquaintance Horace Billington owned most of the houses down this street and rented them out as flats, and one of them - number seven ‘a’, had recently become vacant, and that was the one Daisy was going to view today.
‘We're going to have to tell Horace the same story,’ Charles said as they pulled into the little cobbled street filled with charming two storey houses. It was clean, and while some of the houses were in need of a little attention, it was by no means a slum. ‘There's no way he'd tolerate renting a place to an unmarried mother.’
‘Don't worry, I'm Daisy Wallis now,’ she said. ‘I want to forget about Daisy West. She made so many mistakes, I'm not going to make any at all.’

By the time they got back to Haslemere, Daisy couldn't wait to see Evie; and even though she wasn't quite a month old, she wanted to tell her of everything that had happened today, and how they were going to be moving to London. She couldn’t believe how well it had gone. Whilst Mr Billington seemed a little brusque and repeated several times how he wouldn't tolerate late rent payments, or bad behaviour in his property; the flat itself was lovely. Daisy couldn't believe she was going to have her own little parlour, and a back bedroom that was so big, as Evie got older, she would be able to put a curtain across it to give her daughter some privacy. There was a neat little kitchen with a gas range, and a patch of garden in the back. Even the privvy - which she would share with the elderly lady upstairs,  was spotless.  After visiting the flat, they'd gone to Warwick Way and dropped in on Mrs Ray, the childminder whose details Winifred had given to Daisy. She was a pleasant woman, who was already looking after three babies. Her house was clean and her rates reasonable, and she took pity on the 'poor young widow'; and told Daisy she would be pleased to look after Evie.
She got home to find Priscilla in the kitchen, trying to feed Evie with the milk Daisy had expressed earlier on that day. She wasn't having any of it and kept spitting the teat out. Daisy laughed and took her daughter upstairs to their room, where she gave her the real thing. Evie guzzled her mother's milk down quickly - so much so she started crying afterwards and needed winding. Daisy knew she would miss Evie when she went to work each day; but at least she could come home to her every evening; and on her days off, she could take her daughter out for walks around London, showing her the sights - like William had that beautiful Sunday that now seemed such a long time ago. Daisy wished she could have given her little girl a normal life with a mummy and daddy, but at least Evie wouldn't spend her childhood in an orphanage, wondering who she was and being bullied by the other children for being unwanted.
Once Evie was asleep, Daisy went downstairs to have supper with Charles and Priscilla. She was so grateful to them for everything they’d done, and she wondered what would have become of her if she didn't have them. She wanted to repay them in some way, but didn't know how. She hardly had any money, and all her wages would go on paying the rent and looking after Evie.
‘I'm so glad everything has worked out for you Daisy,’ Priscilla said as she sat down with them. ‘I never for a moment wanted you to have Evie adopted, but it seemed there was no other option.’
‘And I'm so grateful to you,’ Daisy said. ‘I'll never forget what you both did for me. That's why I'd like to ask you to be Evie's godparents.’
‘Godparents?’ Priscilla said. ‘You're going to have her Christened?’
‘Yes. I want to make my little girl proper, and I couldn't think of two people I'd like more to be her Godparents.’
‘In that case we accept,’ Priscilla smiled. ‘Why don't we have her Christened here in Haslemere before you go to London? It can be like a little going away party as well.’
‘That sounds wonderful,’ Daisy said. ‘Apparently I was Christened and Mr Brooks, the owner of the orphanage was my Godfather. That's what happened to all of us foundlings. I want Evie to have special people as her guardians. I want to give her the world.’
Chapter Twelve
Late June 1925

It was a beautiful summer’s day, and Daisy could not have been happier. In a few days time, she and her baby would be leaving for London, to start their new life together, but she knew in Priscilla and Charles, she would always have true friends to come back to.  Evie’s Christening had been the icing on the cake. The congregation was small, just Daisy, Priscilla and Charles and Winifred and her husband Ronnie. But everything had gone to plan. Evie had looked beautiful in Priscilla's Christening gown, she'd cried the devil out of her and fell asleep as soon as everyone went back to The Beeches for tea and sandwiches.
As the afternoon went on, the men went out into the garden, where Charles was showing Ronnie the rose bushes he had just planted; whilst Winifred and Priscilla sat in the kitchen talking about baby names. Winifred confessed that she and Ronnie hoped to soon start a family and she was jealous of the fact that Priscilla was pregnant. Daisy wanted to be on her own with Evie for a while, and wondered if they would think her rude if she went for a walk.
‘Would you mind if I went out for a while?’ she asked Priscilla. ‘It's such a lovely day, I'd like Evie to get the sun on her skin.’
‘You don't have to ask us,’ Priscilla smiled. ‘Go on, stretch your legs.’
Daisy took Evie in her big Basonet pram, and ventured out of Haslemere and back to St Paul's Dean - where the Christening had been held that morning. Daisy thought back to that summer's day last year, when William had met her there and they'd gone riding over the hills on their bikes. They'd both been so carefree and unknowing of the troubles that were going to afflict them both in the coming months; and sometimes Daisy wished those days would return. She’d grown up so much since then and could only laugh at that silly girl who thought life was all about having fun and being rebellious. Life for her now was about working hard and looking after her daughter.
Leaving the church, she continued northwards in the direction of Paradise. The road was on a hill, looking down upon the valley in which the house stood; and from here she could see the white mansion with the tall, exotic plants seeming to grow up from the back of it like a little piece of the jungle in the middle of Surrey. Daisy knew she would never forget it.
Trying not to wake her sleeping daughter, she slipped her hand down underneath the mattress of the pram to fetch the letter she'd kept hidden in there. It had arrived when both Priscilla and Charles had been at work, and she’d been glad, because they would have immediately grown suspicious of Daisy receiving a blue envelope with an unusual American stamp. Since then, she had read the letter many times, and she knew she would keep it close to her forever.
There was a bench underneath a nearby tree, and Daisy sat upon it. She unfolded the letter and felt the same fluttering in her chest as she had when she'd first read it - even though by now she had memorised every line.

My darling Daisy

I hope this letter reaches you safely, and isn't intercepted by Priscilla. I
hope both you and Evie are well, and even though I don't believe in God,
I've been praying lately, asking whatever it is in the sky to find a way for
you both to stay together. I am not so well. I have been in New York for 
two weeks and already I find the monotony of work stifling. The only 
thing that keeps me sane is thinking of you and our daughter. To ease the
boredom, I sneak out with Floyd, Uncle Sven's servant, and visit the
Speakeasy on Main Street. Forbidden booze tastes even better than legal
stuff, although I find the whole concept of Prohibition quite ridiculous.
Uncle Sven would go spare if he found out I spend my evenings drinking
with Negroes, but quite frankly I don't care. The social events I attend
with him are the most tedious things I have ever witnessed.  I object to
the annoying, crass, wealthy American girls they keep introducing me to,
when I have a beautiful gal back at home, waiting for me with my baby.

I don't know when I'll be able to come home dear Daisy, but please write
to me often. The address at the bottom of this letter is Floyd's
grandmother's in Harlem. She'll collect the post and Floyd will fetch it
for me. I couldn't bear to never hear from you again. I had a dream last
night, where we were older and I was better, and we were living in
Paradise with Evie. We were so happy, and it felt nice to know that my
little girl would one day take over the family house. It pains me to think
that at some point I'm going to be pushed into marrying some ugly,
squawking girl just so I can become Lord of the Manor and provide
equally ugly heirs.  I already have an heir. My darling Evelyn. I don't
care if she's a girl. She's the first-born grandchild of Lord Ashleigh.
Although I've heard on the grapevine that Estelle's up the spout, so if I
refuse to marry I suppose everything will go to her kid - especially if it's
a boy.

Anyway, I'm rambling. It's one o'clock in the morning and I've been
drinking hooch since six o'clock, and now I can't think straight. Please
write to me Daisy. I'll forever be yours and I want you to stay mine. We
will be together again one day. I promise.

Love you until infinity

Your William x
Book Two

Evie
Chapter One
May 1955

It was supposed to be a special day for Evie - her thirtieth birthday. Ray had promised to take her somewhere fancy for dinner. He'd assured her that getting away from Annie for the night wouldn't be a problem, and that he'd  take her to Quaglinos or The Ivy, and after that they would stay at a posh hotel in town and drink champagne all night. Instead, Evie was spending another depressing night at The Boom Boom Club on Kensington Church Road with her best friend Sheila, and her flatmate Viv, who was weeping into her Martini because Mario, her latest Maltese boyfriend had dumped her. Her make up had run all down her face, and Evie wondered how she was going to make herself look presentable to go to the work at the Soho revue bar where she was a dancer.
The Boom Boom Club was a dive, especially on a weekday night when it wasn't full enough to disguise the peeling paintwork and shabby furniture. Evie could have stayed in, but that would have been even more depressing. So instead, she sat with her friends, listening to the tone deaf singer who thought he was Johnny Ray, crooning about love lost - something she didn’t want to hear about right at that moment.
‘You should get rid of him Evie,’ Sheila said, using her Babycham bottle as a makeshift mirror to check that her overly-bleached platinum hair was still set. ‘You could have any bloke in this place.’
Evie looked around at the men in the dimly lit club. A couple of spivs who looked as though they were fresh out of school propped up the bar. In the corner a Jamaican in a smart suit sat flanked by two teenage white girls who were giggling at his every word. All the other men were as old as Ray, probably married like him, and not as well-off.
‘I'm thirty, Sheila,’ she moaned. ‘I'm unmarried and childless. It was never meant to be this way.’
‘I don't know why you're so upset,’ Viv cried, sticking her bottom lip out like a petulant child. ‘You know you'll see Ray again. That beast Mario has chucked me over for an eighteen year old.’
Evie didn't know how to reply to this, and just passed her friend a handkerchief to mop up the fresh stream of mascara that was running down her pretty little face. Viv looked a right mess. Her red hair was flopping all over the place, and her make-up was becoming more and more smeared. As usual, she was making an idiot of herself over a man who she always knew was going to dump her for someone younger.
‘Do you really think Ray's working tonight?’ Sheila asked. ‘Or do you think Annie won't let him out?’
‘I've no idea,’ Evie sighed. ‘I'd like to think he's working, but I know Annie still has a hold over him. I don't know why I bother. Sometimes I think I'm going to give up on men.’
‘You can't do that,’ Viv gasped. ‘You mustn't do that. Life's so boring without men. Ray'll make it up to you, you know he will.’
‘Yeah, more promises he has no intention of keeping. Why do I bother?’ She looked down at herself. ‘I paid nearly two quid for this suit because I thought he was taking me out tonight. I even missed putting money in the electricity meter just so I could look nice for him.’ She stubbed out her cigarette decisively. ‘I'm sick of it. I'm going to finish with him.’
Viv and Sheila just threw each other glances. It was a vow they'd heard so many times before, and one Evie found impossible to keep.

Evie didn't stay late. Once Viv left, Sheila got chatting to a good-looking Cypriot, and Evie had no desire to make conversation with his not-so-attractive friend, so she left  to lick her wounds at home.
Evie and Viv shared a flat in a mansion block just off Notting Hill Gate. Before the war it had obviously been quite grand, but now it just looked in need of repair. The brickwork was murky, a couple of the windows were cracked and taped up, and Evie was sure the young bloke in the bottom flat was some sort of male prostitute, judging by the different men who came and went. Evie had tried to make their place look a bit more respectable by putting pansies in pots on the tiny balcony; but it was a futile attempt to make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear.
As she trudged up the four flights of stairs to the flat, she noticed spots of blood on the stone steps. She wondered where it had come from. The woman in Flat 32 had an Alsatian dog, but seeing as it was called Rex, Evie was sure it was a boy, so it could hardly be in season. No-one else in the block had a dog, which meant someone had come in who was bleeding. Seedy as these flats were - apart from the rent boy - the occupants liked to keep a façade of respectability. Even Julie, the prostitute who lived in Flat 45, kept her business in Soho and rented a little flat there. This place was for her to live in and she never brought her trade home.
Evie and Viv lived in Flat 25, on the top floor; and Evie got so tired, climbing the stairs, she sometimes wished they had a lift. As soon as she stepped into the front door, the tang of cigar smoke filled her nose and she realised Ray was here. Sometimes Evie rued the day she gave her lover a key. He often dropped in unannounced, and always seemed to do it when she was looking rough. Evie checked her reflection in the hall mirror and saw that her night out was evident on her face. Her blonde hair was still immaculate, but her eye make-up was smudged, and her lipstick had practically disappeared. She went to search in her bag for her make up bag so she could re-apply it, but she was stopped when she heard a pained cry coming from the living room.
‘Evie is that you? Are you home?’
With a tut, Evie shut her bag and walked into the living room at the front of the flat. She wondered why Ray was sitting in the dark; and when she switched the light on, she gasped in shock to find him sitting in an armchair, holding a white rag to the side of his face. The rag was streaked with blood. His dark hair was matted and glistening. His eyes swollen and black.
‘What’s happened to you?’ she gasped, rushing to his side and kneeling at his feet. ‘Who hurt you?’
‘Jamaicans,’ he said, his voice raspy and barely audible. ‘They live on St Marks Road. I just went to ask why they hadn’t paid any rent for three weeks and they set upon me.’
Evie didn’t know how to reply. She knew the sort of methods Ray used to get unpaid rent out of his tenants, and she didn’t doubt for a moment that the Jamaicans had equipped themselves with cricket bats in preparation for his visit.
‘Do you want me to call the police?’ she asked, although she knew what the answer would be.
‘No, just get me a cup of coffee. And let me stay here the night Evie. Annie can’t see me like this.’
‘Of course. Why don’t you run yourself a bath and wash your hair? I’ll take your clothes to the dry cleaners tomorrow. You’ve still got a spare suit hanging up in my wardrobe.’
‘Bless you,’ he smiled, and Evie winced when she saw the blood seeping from his gums, down between his teeth.
‘Go on,’ she said. ‘You look after yourself. I’ll take care of everything.’
After putting his bloodied clothes into the laundry bag (and wondering how she was going to explain this to Mrs Cohen who ran the dry cleaners), Evie made Ray a cup of coffee, which she took into the bathroom to him. He was in the bath and looked even worse without clothes. His body was black and blue and the dark circles underneath his eyes were getting worse. He took the cup and saucer, and Evie saw his hands were shaking violently. She went back into the living room, poured herself a brandy, lit a cigarette and sat down. What a way to finish her thirtieth birthday – nursing her beaten up, married lover.
It wasn’t meant to be this way. Her Uncle Charles had paid for her to attend secretarial college so she could work for him; but instead she’d had her head turned by a travelling salesman called Don who promised to get her a high-flying job in London, and in her twenty-one year old naivety, she’d followed him and ended up living in a grotty bed-sit in Camden. After discovering he lived with his wife in Bounds Green, she’d got a job as a secretary with a lettings agent in Soho. They specialised in renting places out to prostitutes, and soon Evie found herself embroiled in the Soho underworld. Her contemporaries were spivs, working girls, low-rent models and exotic dancers. As a young girl it had been exciting, but as the veneer wore off, she yearned for a more respectable way of life and got a job working for a branch of Freeman’s Letting Agents in Kensington. Being petite, blonde and pretty, Evie soon caught the eye of Ray Freeman, the owner of the whole company; she found him impressive and had quickly become his mistress.
But Ray may have had a respectable wife and a house in Uxbridge, but he wasn’t much better than the Maltese ponces Evie had mixed with in Soho. He made his living renting condemned flats to West Indians, and only had a few respectable properties in areas like St Johns Wood and Hampstead – just to keep up the pretence. Evie sometimes wished she had a time machine that would take her back to 1946. She’d stop herself falling for Don, and instead would have stayed working for Cray’s. She probably would have ended up marrying Eddie, one of Charles’s builders, who had a crush on her. Eddie wasn’t handsome and exciting like Don… or Ray. But he would have at least provided her with a decent and stable life.
Half an hour later Ray reappeared looking more presentable. His face was less was bloody but the bruises were more prominent. His dark hair was slicked back from his brow and he was wearing the paisley silk robe he kept in Evie's room for whenever he stayed over. As he walked, he kept his hand pressed against his side, as if holding his ribs in - fearing if he let them go, he'd collapse like a rag doll.
‘Thanks for this Evie,’ he said, wincing as he bent down to kiss her on the cheek. He then sat on the sofa and winced once more, giving a little gasp of pain, clutching his right side a bit tighter.
‘Are you okay?’ Evie asked. ‘You look really pale.’
‘I'll be fine,’ he answered. ‘I just need some sleep.’
His skin was a horrible, sallow grey colour, and Evie put it down to the shock of what happened.
‘Do you want me to help you into bed?’ she asked.
‘I'll just stay here for a while,’ he answered. ‘You get to bed. You've got work in the morning.’
Normally Evie would play the loyal girlfriend and sit with him, feeling she had to be supportive in his darkest hour. Annie was a cold, grasping woman and wasn’t interested in Ray’s problems, and he reckoned that was why he loved Evie so much – she was warm and sympathetic. But not tonight. This was supposed to have been a special day, and it had ended so badly that all Evie could feel was disillusioned. She couldn’t be bothered to put someone before herself like she normally did, so she got up, kissed Ray on the forehead and went into her bedroom.
She went to sleep still pondering on her life, and in the dark hours of the early morning, her thoughts turned to her mum.  It made her feel ashamed when she thought of the high hopes Daisy had had for her darling Evie. Working all the hours God sent in Denby’s just to send Evie to ballet classes and elocution lessons so she could talk nicely. She would spend far too much of her salary buying Evie the latest fashions. Evie never asked for any of these things, and would often wonder why her mother had wanted her to be some sort of Lady. Then of course when Daisy died, Evie found out why she’d considered her daughter to be a cut above the rest of the urchins down Morrison Street. By birth, Evie was actually a member of the aristocracy - the grand-daughter of Lord Ashleigh of Barnham House, Haslemere, Surrey; and Daisy had done all she could to make her into the special girl she should have been.
But after her mother died, something had gone wrong. Evie couldn’t put her finger on it, but it seemed she became addicted to living dangerously. She was easily flattered by men, loved the attention they gave her, and enjoyed knowing she was attractive and could get things by playing on her looks. But where had it got her? She was now thirty, living in a crummy flat, and spent her evenings either in seedy bars, or hanging up behind the door waiting for her crooked boyfriend to get away from his wife for half an hour, just so he could come round for a bit of the other.
Evie was awoken by a scream, and being half asleep and half awake, she ignored it at first. The mansion block was on a noisy street filled with pubs and clubs, and often people came out worse for wear, making noises quite inappropriate for that time of the morning. She tried to go back to sleep, but when the door flew open, casting light into the room, she sat up and saw Viv standing in the doorway, shaking like a leaf.
‘I think Ray's dead!’ she cried. ‘Evie I think Ray's dead!’
Evie got out of bed and ran into the living room. Ray was still on the sofa. He’d slumped to one side. His skin was now pale white, his dark eyes fixed and open, staring into space. Evie felt the room swim around her, and she sank down onto the sofa next to her boyfriend. Doing what she'd seen in films, she put her fingers to his neck to try and feel a pulse, but his skin just felt cold and waxy. Viv stood watching on, her knees knocking together in fright, her hands covering her mouth.
‘I need to call for an ambulance,’ Evie said calmly.
‘What happened?!’ Viv cried. ‘Why's he dead?’
‘He got beaten up,’ Evie replied. ‘Look at the state of him. He's brought it upon himself.’

As if in a trance, Evie phoned for an ambulance to come and take Ray’s body away; then while they waited for it to arrive, she made Viv a cup of tea and sat her in her bedroom, away from the body. Evie couldn't react - she wasn't sure how she was supposed to feel. The sort of life Ray lived, beatings were par for the course and she'd nursed him plenty of times before. But she never thought he'd die. She wasn't even sure if she loved him; and a part of her felt relieved that she wouldn't have to put up with him any more. But she knew when the enormity of it all hit her, she would fall to pieces.
The ambulance-men arrived and when they saw the state Ray was in, they telephoned for the police to come. This was when Evie went into a panic. She’d naively thought they would just take his body away without question. But he was effectively beaten to death, and whoever was to blame was now looking at a murder charge. Evie wondered if it would make the papers and if so, would her name be dragged into it? Her blood ran cold at the thought of Aunt Priscilla or Uncle Charles reading about her sordid life.
Half an hour after Ray's body had gone, they were visited by two policemen - a uniformed officer who looked about twelve; and a plain clothes detective who was older and more grizzled around the edges. He introduced himself as Detective Sergeant Grayson, and Evie was relieved when he didn't ask her to go to the station with him. Anyone in their right mind would realise she didn't have the strength to beat Ray into a pulp. They asked her some questions and she answered as best she could; not mentioning the seedier aspects of Ray's business. She insisted he was a legitimate lettings agent who ran a successful company. She had no choice but to admit that she was his mistress, but the police didn't seem interested in that. They then took the bloody clothes in the laundry bag away, noted down Evie’s statement and left. She felt strangely disappointed. She'd wanted no scandal, but their interest in her was so fleeting, it seemed almost incidental that she was the person Ray had spent his final hours with.

The following morning Evie didn't go into work. She'd had hardly any sleep and she just knew the other girls would be gossiping about Ray. Someone would have found out about his death, and the news would have spread like wild fire. They were all aware she was his mistress and they would either bombard her with questions, or else treat her like some sort of leper and whisper theatrically when she was barely out of earshot. She wanted to sleep, but Viv was being a pest and kept her talking. Viv had put Benzedrine into her coffee, claiming it would steady her nerves; but all it did was make her head buzz and cause her to chat about nothing whilst rocking backwards and forwards on the sofa. Evie was quite glad when the phone rang and disturbed them. She was so tired of her flatmate, she almost hoped it was the police, wanting her to go to the station - anything was better than Viv and her rambling.
She went out into the hall and picked up the receiver, realising it still smelt of Ray's cigars. He’d obviously made a phonecall when he got in the night before - probably to Annie, to make some excuse about not coming home.
‘Hello,’ she said.
‘Evie!’ Stephen boomed down the phone. ‘I tried phoning your office but there was no answer. Are you alright?’
‘Not really,’ she replied, glad to be talking to her 'brother'. She was feeling so desolate she needed someone who had known her for a long time, someone who would make her feel better and remind her of the girl she once was. ‘Ray died last night.’
‘Ray!’ Stephen gasped. ‘How did he die?’
‘I don't really know. The ambulance man seemed to think he had internal bleeding. He'd been beaten up, you see. Viv found him dead on my sofa, early this morning.’
‘My God. How are you?’
‘I don't know yet to be honest. It hasn't sunk in. I don’t want to talk about it. Let’s talk about you. I bet you’re sorry to be home from America.’ 
‘I am but I’m trying to keep my chin up. I've brought a couple of colleagues back with me who are visiting, and I was wondering if you fancied going out for birthday drinks at the weekend? I would imagine you didn’t have a very nice day yesterday, so perhaps we can make up for it.’ 
‘Thanks Stephen,’ she said. ‘Yesterday wasn’t very nice. I don’t know if it seems appropriate though. Going out so soon after Ray’s death.’
‘What’s the alternative? Staying at home thinking about it?’
He was right. Evie hated the thought of being in the flat, stuck with Viv and her drug-induced moods. Looking at the spot where Ray had died. Seeing him in every room, and hearing his voice echoing off the walls. It would drive her mad.
‘You’re right,’ she said. ‘Where were you thinking of going?’
‘Well, a friend of mine, Peter Salter, owns the Nine Seven Six Club in Bond Street. I was wondering if you fancied going there on Saturday.’
‘Yes, why not,’ Evie tried to smile. ‘It'll be good to let my hair down.’
‘That's the spirit. Do you want me to come over? Is there anything I can do? I was supposed to be going down to see Mum and Dad for a couple of days, but I can cancel…’
‘No, don't be silly. I'll see you on Saturday. Oh and Stephen...’
‘Yes?’
‘Please don't mention Ray to them. They didn't know about him and I want to keep it that way.’

Evie felt better after speaking to Stephen. Even though they weren't proper brother and sister, they were very close; and the five years they had spent living together before he went off to university, was enough to bond them forever. He was now a journalist and had been in America for the past year, working as a reporter on the New York Herald Tribune, and while it had been very exciting to know he was living in such a glamorous place, it was good to have him home.
She went back into the living room to find Viv dismantling yet another inhaler. She gave sexual favours to a pharmacist on Greek Street just so he would keep her supplied with the Benzedrine inhalers she needed to maintain her habit. Evie had tried it once and had enjoyed feeling chatty and full of beans for a couple of hours, but she'd had no inclination to do it again - she found that gin provided her with just the sort of anaesthetic she needed.
‘Who was that?’ Viv asked.
‘Stephen. He's invited me out on Saturday night. I said I’d go. Do you think that terribly wicked Viv? After what happened to Ray?’
‘Course not. You need some fun after what you've been through. Ray wouldn't want you to be miserable.’
Evie kept quiet but thought to herself how Ray would be quite happy to see her weeping and wailing over him - he'd find it flattering. It was thinking this that brought it home to her that she was never going to see him again, and she burst out crying. She ran to her bedroom and flopped on her bed, weeping for the disaster that was her life. Weeping because she was frightened she would never find true love; and weeping because she knew that despite his faults, she did love Ray and now he was gone. She asked God what she’d done to make him take everyone she cared for away from her.
Chapter Two

Evie knew she couldn't miss work for two days in a row, and had no choice on Friday but to put on her slap and her finest suit and go into the office. She knew there would be questions asked and that she'd feel like running away; but she had to earn a living. She guessed that Stan Cooper, Ray's right hand man, would have now taken it over.  The company owned hundreds of lets all over London, and their business couldn’t stop just because Ray had died.
The offices were a short walk from the flat, across the road from Bottomley’s on High Street Kensington – the sister shop to Denby’s, where her mother had worked. As usual, the men who passed Evie, clocked her. Some tipped their hats, others smiled lasciviously. Normally Evie enjoyed being the sexy blonde that men appreciated, but today - wrapped up in her misery - she felt like telling them all to go to hell. Men seemed to bring her nothing but trouble and she wondered if she really wouldn’t be better off without them.
Freeman’s took up three floors of a townhouse that was sandwiched between a gentlemen’s outfitter and a small publishers. Agents worked on the top two floors, and the bottom floor was occupied by the secretaries. Ray always thought they made a more welcoming sight than a bunch of stuffy men in suits. Evie got a surprise when she went to push the front door open and found it was locked. It was normally left open from eight in the morning to six in the evening, so people could drop in and have a look at the properties on offer. Evie knocked and jumped a little when the door was opened by a young uniformed police officer.
‘This office is closed I’m afraid madam,’ he said politely.
‘I work here,’ Evie replied. ‘Can I come in?’
‘What’s your name?’
‘Evelyn Wallis.’
Before the officer could respond, Evie heard a voice from behind.
‘Let her in.’
Annie. Evie recognised that harsh Glasgow accent anywhere. She wondered how much Annie knew about her husband’s death; and felt so scared of facing her that she almost turned and walked away. But the young policeman stepped to one side and ushered her in. Annie was standing by Evie’s desk at the back of the room. All the other desks were empty, except the receptionist’s and at that sat a middle-aged man in a raincoat who was looking through one of the ledgers.
‘What’s going on?’ Evie asked Annie. She was an intimidating figure. A hard-faced redhead, who despite being married to a rich man, still had something of the ‘street’ about her, – no wonder seeing as she’d been a high-class hooker when Ray married her.
‘Come into the back room,’ Annie ordered, walking off. Evie followed her into the little kitchen/sitting area at the back of the shop where the girls would eat their sandwiches and gossip about their latest boyfriends. Except Evie, who would only listen and keep quiet about what she did with their boss - even though they all knew about the affair.
‘The pigs are here to check over Ray’s dealings,’ Annie snarled. ‘Did you tell them anything?’
‘No! I just played dumb and said as far as I knew, Ray was a lettings agent and that was it.’
‘Have you got any belongings here?’
‘A few things, yes.’
‘Well pack them up and leave. I’m sacking you.’
‘You can’t sack me. It’s nothing to do with you.’
Annie lit a cigarette without offering one to Evie, then leant against the Ascot heater, fixing Evie with those mean narrow, cat-like eyes.
‘You want to thank your lucky stars I’m not accusing you of murder lassie,’ she said. ‘I think sacking you is mild compared to what I could do to you.’
‘Why would I have murdered Ray?’
‘I know he died at your house, and I know he was screwing you. Stupid bastard could never keep anything from me.’
‘I never….I didn’t.’ Evie uttered, unsure what to say. Should she deny it? Or would Annie take this as a further insult to her intelligence?
Annie walked past her, out into the office and returned shortly with her handbag. From it, she took her purse and pulled out two five pound notes, passing them to Evie.
‘There, that should cover your severance pay. Now fuck off.’
‘You can’t sack me,’ Evie protested. ‘That’ll be up to Stan to do, not you.’
‘Freeman’s belongs to me you stupid wee tart. Ray left it all to me, so I can do as I like. And the first thing I want to do is get rid of you.’
Like a drowning man, Evie saw her whole life flash before her. If she didn’t have a decent job, she wouldn’t be able to afford the rent on the flat. If she applied for another job, she would have to provide a reference, and there was no way Annie would give her one. All she could do now was go down to Dorset and beg Charles and Priscilla to take her in. They were supposed to be enjoying a peaceful early retirement. They’d hardly appreciate their Goddaughter turning up homeless, after being implicated in the murder of a slum landlord.
Knowing Annie wasn’t going to budge; Evie took the money off her and went to the cupboard fixed on the wall where she kept a cup, saucer, and plate. Annie didn’t once take her eyes off her and this made Evie nervous and clumsy. She almost dropped the china saucer and cup, and it was the only present from her mother that she still possessed. Daisy had given it to her the day she’d started work at Pebble’s, the lady’s outfitters; and after Evie left there to settle in Surrey with the Crays, Mr Prebble had sent it down to her, carefully wrapped up in a box stuffed with the green tissue paper they normally used for lining hat boxes. It was only a cheap set, brought from a second-hand shop in Lupus Street; but the name on the bottom was Spode, and Daisy always reckoned that it was a posh make and one day it would be worth money. But Evie knew she could never part with it.
‘You’re not his usual type,’ Annie said. ‘You’re a bit too classy. Ray normally likes them rough.’
‘Like you, you mean.’
Evie immediately regretted saying this, when Annie’s hand flew up and grasped her jaw. Her grip was like a vice, and Evie felt as though her windpipe was being crushed.
‘What did you fucking say?’ Annie snarled.
‘Nothing,’ Evie rasped. ‘I’m sorry.’
Annie let go and Evie slumped down, rubbing her sore neck.
‘So you should be,’ Annie snarled. ‘Now get out of my sight.’
Evie went home and went straight to bed. She curled up like a baby and wept. In her head she could hear Daisy’s voice; telling her she was special, encouraging her to make something of herself. What would her mother say if she saw what an almighty mess her daughter’s life was? Evie couldn’t help but feel resentful of the hand that fate had dealt her. If Daisy hadn’t been a mere maid, and had been eligible to marry William Ashleigh, then Evie would have been born into the aristocracy. She would either be the heir to Barnham House, or at least be in a position to marry someone who could provide her with a decent life. But instead, her existence would forever remain a secret.
The irony was that as far as Priscilla was aware, William never married again and he didn’t have any more children. Evie was the sole heir to that fancy house, all the money and the title of Lady Ashleigh; and yet here she was, stuck in a seedy flat, in a seedy part of town, with the death of her equally seedy lover still fresh in her mind. The only money she possessed was the ten pounds Annie had given her and a few bob stuffed into a box under the bed that she’d been saving to buy a pair of shoes she’d seen in Barkers. She didn’t know when she was going to get another job, and all the spare money she had was for living on.
She thought about the following night, and meeting up with her step-brother. She couldn’t face it. How could she admit to Stephen that she had no job and would probably soon have to go cap in hand to his parents because she didn’t have anywhere to live? Evie couldn’t face the humiliation and decided she would cancel and spend Saturday night at home. She could scour the papers and apply for jobs - that was certainly more important than socialising.
Her plans were scuppered, when that evening, Viv came home after doing a daytime shift at the club. She went straight into Evie’s bedroom, not even bothering to knock, and sat on the bed. Her heavy stage make-up made her look like a demented clown and she stank of stale beer and cigarettes. 
‘You’re still going out tomorrow night aren’t you?’ she said, and it was more a demand than a question. Evie wasn’t sure if the demented, excited look in Viv’s eyes was down to the Benzies or something…or someone, else.
‘No,’ she replied. ‘I need to stay in and look for a job.’
‘Why?’ Viv frowned.
‘Annie is now the owner of Freeman’s and she sacked me.’
‘Ray left it to her?’
‘Yep. She was there today and she threw me out.’
‘What a cow? Surely you need to go out and forget your troubles then.’
‘Who have you invited round?’ Evie sighed.
‘He’s called Reg and he came into the club today. Don’t know much about him, but he’s gorgeous and he asked if I had a place, cheeky bugger.’ She laughed and tapped Evie’s shoulder. ‘Come on Evie, you don’t begrudge me a little fun do you? Why don’t you go out with Stephen and his mates? You might have a nice time, you never know.’
‘Alright. Just for you. But if I want to come home early, I’m going to. Just make sure you and this Reg stick to your bedroom.’
By the following evening, Evie still wasn’t in the mood for going out, but she didn’t want to spoil Viv’s fun, and so she made the effort and squeezed herself into her favourite dress – a midnight blue shin length satin gown with diamantes on the shoulders. As she stood in the stark light of her bathroom making her face up, she could see that the lines beside her eyes were growing deeper, and this depressed her. She put on her lipstick, and it started to seep into the tiny spider lines that were forming in the corner of her mouth - serving to remind her how old she was getting. Her hair was still golden and shiny, and she was as slim as she’d been at eighteen. But her face was betraying her and soon no man would look twice at her; and whilst she had given up on them for now, the thought of being alone for the rest of her life terrified her.
Even though she was supposed to be saving money, Evie decided to be decadent, and walked down to Kensington High Street and caught a cab to take her to Bond Street. She couldn’t face the Underground. Whenever she used it she’d always end up arriving covered in muck and smelling of cigarettes. The taxi driver tried to chat to her, but Evie switched off, not interested in making small talk and fending off unwanted advances.
The Nine Seven Six Club used to be called The Cat’s Whiskers, and Evie remembered coming here for her friend Louise’s twenty-first birthday in 1947. It had been filled with GIs who hadn’t bothered to go home after the war, and Evie had ended up in the back of a car with a guy called Burt who promised to meet her the next day to discuss the possibility of her going back to America with him. Of course he never showed up, and Evie was once again left disappointed in the male species, wondering why they always felt the need to lie just so they could get what they wanted. Eight years on and she still felt the same way.
Walking down the basement steps to the bowels of the earth brought back so many memories to Evie. She was once again twenty-two and full of wonder at the world. Aunt Priscilla always reckoned she got her love of excitement from Daisy. She’d had her fair share of trouble and Priscilla recalled how, back when they were working at Barnham House, Daisy had rebelled and cut her hair into a bob - which was the popular style of the day amongst more upper-class girls. Servant girls mostly kept their hair long and tucked under their caps, but Daisy didn’t care. It also seemed she would often go down to Portsmouth of a weekend with her friend to meet boys. Evie wasn’t sure quite how far her mother used to go with these boys - Priscilla always implied that William was the first person she’d slept with. But Evie knew how easy it was to fall for easy charm and promises – she’d inherited the tendency herself.
The club was already packed full of young, hip types, drinking cocktails out of fancy shaped glasses and smoking coloured cigarettes. A band was playing on the stage, and singing with them was a young, light-skinned black girl with a huge orchid fixed into her fuzzy hair. Evie stood like a spare part, trying to spot Stephen amongst the throng, and jumped when she felt a hand upon her shoulder.
‘Hello Evie,’ he said. She turned around and threw her arms around her step-brother’s neck.
‘Darling,’ she growled, holding him tightly to her. ‘Welcome back.’ She pulled away and held him by the shoulders, examining him. American life hadn't changed him - he was still too skinny and rangy-looking. With his narrow eyes and lantern jaw, Stephen could never be described as handsome. But his big, beaming smile could melt the stoniest of hearts.
‘Evie darling,’ he said. ‘Beautiful as ever. Come and join us.’
He led her through the throng to a far corner of the club. Seated in a booth area were three young men Evie didn't recognise. One of them was black, and Evie was surprised that Stephen had found time to make friends with a Jamaican when he'd only been back in England for a short while. The young man next to him was fair-haired and strikingly good looking, with twinkling blue eyes and a knowing smile - as if aware he was so attractive and perfectly confident in it. Their companion was a slim, dark, dashing fellow who was puffing hard on a cigarette. It felt rather strange for Evie, knowing she was going to be the only female in this little group; but the attention was welcome after the rotten time she’d had.
‘Evie, let me introduce you to everyone,’ Stephen said. He pointed to the young black man. ‘This is Abe Gillespie. Abe, this is my step-sister Evie.
‘Pleased to meet you miss,’ Abe said in the sort of deep, treacly, American voice that Evie had only ever heard in men playing slaves and servants in movies. Stephen moved onto the very good looking man. 
‘This is my friend Adam Wyatt. Adam, meet Evie.’
‘Very nice to meet you Evie,’ Adam said, leaning forward and offering his hand. He too was American and so pretty, and by the way Stephen made a point of introducing him as ‘his friend’ Evie guessed he was one of Stephen's 'special' friends.
‘Adam and Abe both worked with me on the Herald Tribune,’ Stephen explained. ‘I thought I'd introduce them to the glamorous side of England.’
‘Well if your sister is anything to go by, England certainly is glamorous,’ Adam said, and while it was flattering, there was no intent or innuendo in his voice, which confirmed to Evie that he was involved with Stephen.
‘Finally, this is Peter Salter,’ Stephen said. ‘He owns the place.’
Peter stood up, and as his skinny body unfolded, Evie could see he was considerably taller than her. Shoving the cigarette into his mouth, he offered her his hand and she shook it.
‘Lovely to meet you Evie,’ he said. ‘Please, sit with us and have some champagne.’
Evie sat down where Peter had been sitting and he squeezed in beside her. He poured a glass of the Moet that had been chilling in a bucket on the table, and passed it to her.
‘Enjoy,’ he said. 
‘Thank you,’ she replied.
‘Peter's loosely connected to us,’ Stephen announced. ‘One day he's going to be the Lord of the manor of the house where our mothers worked as girls.’
‘I-I'm sorry?’ Evie uttered.
‘I know it's hard to believe it with me running this dive,’ Peter laughed, clinking his glass against Evie's. ‘But one day I will be Lord Ashleigh of Barnham House.’
‘I don't understand.’ Evie felt as though she was in some weird dream and any moment soon she would awaken and be back in her own flat.
‘Peter and I have known each other for years,’ Stephen said. ‘Peter is the heir to Barnham House. You know – Paradise - where our mothers used to work.’
Evie didn't know what to say. This man must have been the son of her father's older sister. Priscilla had told her that she’d had a son, and when William died, he became heir. It made Evie's head spin to think he was her cousin. How ironic that she was the true heir to Barnham House, and yet even Stephen had no idea about it. Only she and Priscilla knew, and she’d sworn her to secrecy. Priscilla felt it served no purpose for anyone to know. After all, on Evie’s birth certificate, the father was listed as ‘Walter Wallis’ - nowhere in the land did it state that William Ashleigh was actually her father. Evie could never make a claim on her true inheritance.
‘How come you own this place?’ she asked, hoping it didn't sound too belligerent. After all, this man didn't know she was his cousin.
‘I needed to find something to do,’ Peter replied. ‘Grandpa simply won't pop his clogs. He's eighty but has the constitution of a forty year old. Mormor's always trying to tell him to slow down, but he refuses.’
‘Mormor?’
‘My grandmother. She's Swedish. It's Swedish for Grandmother.’
Evie couldn't help but smile to herself. This woman was her grandmother as well, and Priscilla had certainly never mentioned that Lady Ashleigh was Swedish.
‘So,’ he continued. ‘I thought I'd open this place. What do you think?’
Evie looked around and thought to herself that it looked like any other seedy dive, but she couldn't be rude and so nodded appreciatively.
‘It's very smart,’ she said.
‘Don't keep Evie all to yourself, Peter,’ Stephen laughed. ‘She hasn't had a chance to chat to Abe and Adam yet.’
‘I know, I'm so rude,’ Peter said, picking up Evie's hand and kissing it. ‘But I just become a gibbering fool around a beautiful woman.’
Evie giggled and became distracted by Adam talking to her.
‘Do you work Evie?’ he asked.
‘I used to be a secretary,’ she replied, deciding to make things sound a bit more respectable. ‘But my boss recently died and I've lost my job. What about you? Are you a journalist?’
‘Yes,’ said Adam. ‘But we're taking a break. My folks originally came from Northern England before emigrating to Canada, so I thought I’d take a trip up there and see the old country, as it were.’
‘And I just wanted to visit England,’ Abe smiled. ‘Stephen’s said so much about it, I thought I’d see it for myself.’
‘Well I hope you both enjoy it here,’ Evie said. ‘You're lucky you've come here in the spring. If you'd come in the winter you'd have wanted to go home.’
‘It's pretty cold in Ontario,’ Adam said. ‘And a New York winter isn't much better.’
‘I thought I was going to freeze to death when I first came to New York,’ Abe said. ‘I didn't know it was possible to be that cold and still survive.’
‘Whereabouts in America are you from?’ Evie asked.
‘Louisiana. But I went to university in New York. I got used to it in the end, but it took some time, and a whole lot of sweaters!’
Evie smiled sweetly, but she was a little shocked. In her ignorance she’d thought all black people in America were either servants to wealthy land-owners, or the ones who lived in towns did manual jobs - like the Jamaicans over here. She was shocked to discover Abe had been to university. When Stephen had said they'd worked together, she'd thought Abe might have been some sort of clerk at the newspaper, not a journalist.
She suddenly became aware of Peter's arm slipping round the back of her seat, resting close to her back.
‘So your ma used to be a servant at the old house then?’ he said.
‘Yes. What a coincidence?’
‘Well that must be fate bringing us together. How come you're here on your own?’
‘I haven't got a boyfriend,’ she replied.
‘A gorgeous specimen like you?! We'll have to see if we can remedy that.
‘Will you stop talking to my step-sister like that,’ Stephen protested playfully. ‘It's my job to protect her from men like you!'
‘Don't listen to him Evie,’ Peter laughed. ‘I practically live like a monk.’
Evie found Peter sleazy and like a hundred and one other men she’d met over time; and in different circumstances she would have told him to push off. She didn’t really feel like being flirted with and pawed over; she’d have preferred to chat to Abe - he seemed far more interesting and she guessed he'd have quite a tale to tell. But she couldn’t help but be a little fascinated by Peter. He was her cousin, and the heir to the house that should one day be hers. She felt compelled to get to know him. She didn’t even know if he was married or had children. But if he was single…. Her imagination started running away with itself as she thought about becoming Lady Ashleigh and moving into Barnham House. It was a fanciful idea, and she knew she was stupid to even entertain it - she'd only just met Peter after all. But there was no harm in playing along with him. Letting him think she found him as attractive as he did her.
‘So do you live in Barnham House then?’ she asked him, fixing her perfect smile and tilting her head as though she was really interested.
‘Good God no,’ he scoffed. ‘I'd go out of my mind being stuck in the country. No, I have a lovely little flat in Belgravia. The time will soon come when I have to move back to Surrey. Until then I want to have some fun.’
‘So what are you going to do for a job now Evie?’ Stephen asked. ‘I could see if there are any secretarial jobs going on The Times.’
‘And hide this gorgeous creature away in some stuffy office!’ Stephen scoffed. ‘No, she must come and work for me as a hostess.’
‘A hostess!’ Evie gasped, alarm bells ringing in her ears. ‘What sort of hostess?’
‘Look around you Evie,’ he said, and she did as he asked. ‘This place is full of stuffy men serving drinks and waiting tables. The only person who greets the customers is yours truly. What better sight for them than a beautiful young woman welcoming them with a smile?’
‘I don't know what to say,’ Evie uttered. She actually loved the thought of working here. It would get her out of an evening without relying on a man to take her somewhere. It would also give her the chance to get to know Peter a bit better. ‘I've never done such a thing.’
‘All that would be required of you is to be beautiful and charming, which is what you are anyway. Please say you'll do it?’
‘I'll have to think about it,’ she lied, wanting to keep up an air of mystique. ‘I'll let you know when I've made my mind up.’
Chapter Three

June 1955

Evie's memories of entertaining the likes of Ray's spivvy friends seemed so distant now she was keeping company with the aristocracy. Tonight the Nine Seven Six had been hired out by the Duke of Sussex for his birthday party, and most of the guests were titled, or at least from the upper echelons of society. The Duke himself - a rather bloated, unattractive man who looked far older than his thirty years, was a distant cousin of Peter's on his mother’s side, which of course meant he was also related to Evie.
She felt at home here, mingling with the better classes. She knew she looked good, wearing the beautiful blue silk Hermes gown she’d bought with the clothing allowance Peter had given her when she’d started the job. She made small talk, remembering all she’d learnt in her elocution lessons, and making sure any remainder of her Estuary vowels were ironed out. In truth, these people paid her little attention, just thinking her another pretty face Peter had become enamoured with. But it felt good for Evie to know the truth - that her blood was as blue as theirs. Daisy had always brought her up to believe she was special, and now she was finally amongst those her mother would have wanted her to mix with.
Evie and Peter worked well as a team. He was a genial and excellent host, and despite his privileged upbringing, he was as at ease entertaining the East End gangsters who liked to frequent the club, as he was mixing with his own kind. As Evie stood chatting to Clarissa, the Duke's annoying girlfriend, she glanced over at Peter, who was making conversation with a couple of men, and for the first time ever, she noticed how handsome he actually was. He was skinnier than she usually liked her men to be, and indeed younger - she'd always had a thing for older men. But she liked how his dark eyes would twinkle as he laughed, and the relaxed way he stood; hands in pockets, hips jutting forward. This was a rare stance for someone so posh. Normally his type stood upright and stiff, as though they were being addressed by their sergeant major.
Since their initial flirtation that first night in the club, Peter had kept their relationship largely professional. He occasionally came out with her and Stephen, Abe and Adam; but mostly she saw him at work. Sometimes she even toyed with the idea of telling him the truth, Wondering how he would react if he knew who she really was. But she knew if she did, he probably wouldn’t believe her. His Uncle William died a war hero. He wouldn’t want to believe he’d made a servant girl pregnant when he was just sixteen. Evie often wanted to ask him about William - just to find out more about what happened to her father in the years after he left Daisy. But how could she approach him with such a thing? He would think her completely mad.
‘So are you Peter's latest girlfriend?’ Clarissa suddenly asked, giving a horsy laugh. This broke Evie out of her reverie and she turned to look at her.
‘What?’ she snapped.
‘I said, are you Peter's latest girlfriend? You're just his type.’
‘Am I now?’ she smiled through gritted teeth. ‘So, what is his type?’
‘Petite, blonde and beautiful.’
‘Oh, thank you,’ Evie uttered. She’d been expecting some sort of insult about being brassy or common. ‘No I'm not his girlfriend,’ she said. ‘I just work for him.’
‘Well he's quite a catch you know. His family have managed to hold onto a lot of their estate. Beautiful house. Have you been?’
‘I’ve seen it from a distance, I grew up close to it. I’m not sure Peter’s so keen on taking it over. It’s a shame his uncle died, then it would have gone to him then.’
‘Yes, such a shame, William was so dashing.’ She gave a little chuckle. ‘He could be terribly naughty sometimes. I remember once he turned up for a garden party his mother was holding, dressed as an Arabian sheikh! Lady Ashleigh was furious. I was only a little girl at the time and I thought it was hilarious.’
‘And he never married or had children?’
‘No. Hard to fathom why not. He was handsome and the heir to a fortune, but he never found that special gal. Then of course he died.’
‘How sad,’ Evie said, wondering if her mother truly was the love of William's life and that was why he'd never found anyone else. ‘Fortunate for Peter though, I suppose.’
‘Definitely. So many old houses and estates are disappearing and yet Paradise seems to be going strong.’
Evie jumped when she felt someone lightly place their hand on the small of her back and she turned around to see it was Peter himself. As soon as he had her attention he withdrew his hand - as if he felt it an inappropriate gesture.
‘What are you two conspiring about?’ he laughed.
‘We were just chatting about your Uncle William,’ Clarissa said. ‘I was saying how funny he was.’
‘An absolute card,’ Peter agreed. ‘He was away a lot of the time when I was a child because he worked in America. But I would always look forward to his visits. I remember once he told the butler to have two days off and he dressed in his clothes and did his job. Mormor was so astounded and horrified, she didn't even tell him to stop it - she just let him carry on. Us children thought he was the bees knees.’
‘He sounds very special,’ Evie said quietly, wishing she'd known her father. Her life was such a mess most of the time. She wondered what it would have been like had her parents been allowed to marry and raise her at Barnham House. Maybe she wouldn't have spent all her time scrabbling around, trying to find somewhere she belonged - like she'd done since her mother died. In nearly fifteen years, she’d never really felt settled anywhere.
‘Anyway, on a lighter note,’ Peter said, rubbing his hands together. ‘Clarissa my dear, I've come to take Evie away for a while. I'm so sorry.’
‘Oh don't mind me,’ Clarissa said chirpily. ‘You two go off and have some time together.’
She then gave Evie a theatrical wink that made her blush. If Peter had no romantic intentions towards her, this put him in an awkward position. Peter laughed and took Evie’s arm, leading her across the club to a booth that had just been vacated. He sat her down and slipped in next to her, making sure they were quite close.
‘You've been wonderful tonight,’ he said. ‘I knew I did the right thing taking you on.’
‘It's nothing,’ she replied modestly. ‘Just my job. I like chatting to people.’
He surveyed her with those dark, twinkly eyes, and as he smiled, a little bit of Evie melted. She was awfully fond of him. These feelings seemed to have crept up on her without her realising it. After initially thinking him crass, she’d seen the real him and she liked him a lot.
‘Well I think I should repay you properly,’ he said. ‘How about dinner tomorrow night?’
‘Dinner? But what about this place? Friday is our busiest night.’
‘We'll leave Frank in charge,’ he said, gesturing towards the assistant manager, who was currently deep in conversation with a redhead who looked like a fashion model. ‘We deserve a night off. What do you reckon? Nino's is a good place to go on a Friday night.’
‘Nino’s!’ Evie gasped. ‘You can get us into Nino's at short notice?’
‘I went to school with Nino’s son. He'll get us in, don't you worry.’
‘In that case, I accept,’ Evie smiled, her head turned at being invited to what was probably the most fashionable and expensive restaurant in town.
From his inside pocket, Peter took his wallet and opened it, pulling out a bundle of notes and passing them to Evie.
‘There's ten pounds. Buy yourself something to wear.’
‘Ten pounds!’ Evie gasped. ‘I can't take any more money from you.’
‘Take it. Think of it as a bonus for tonight, and all the hard work you've done.’
‘If you insist,’ she giggled, taking the money. ‘I'll buy something stunning, I promise.’

Evie could barely sleep that night. She was so excited about going to Nino's, and buying a fancy gown, and Peter being interested in her, that her head was buzzing. She still had that nagging feeling that she should tell him the truth about herself, but she just couldn’t do it. He was keen on her, and if she played her cards right and made sure she was the perfect girlfriend, it could lead to something special. She thought of her mum and wondered what Daisy would think of her daughter going out on a date with the heir to the Ashleigh estate. She owed it to her mother’s memory to do her best to impress Peter.  It was highly unlikely he would consider taking her for his wife, but she could give it her best shot and achieve all that Daisy never could.
She was so tired the next morning, she was tempted to ask Viv for some of her Benzies, just to keep her going. Instead, she opted for two cups of strong coffee with no milk, and that seemed to do the trick. Viv hadn't slept for three days and was still buzzing, so Evie asked her to accompany her to Shepherds Bush Market, where she intended to buy her gown. Viv accepted but thought her friend had gone crazy, choosing to go to Shepherds Bush, when she had so much money she could have gone to Oxford Street or High Street Kensington. But Evie was always one to economise and knew that she would be able to get something more than adequate in Madame Celine's in Shepherds Bush Market. Madame Celine always took her inspiration from the French fashion magazines and would produce her own versions, which she would then customise. Evie had bought several gowns from there, and with the money she’d save, she could buy herself the pair of shoes she'd seen and fallen in love with in Barkers.
It was a beautiful day and as the two girls walked arm in arm down to the market, Viv was giggling from still being high, and Evie was delirious from her lack of sleep. Their gay mood was evident, and the men who passed them tipped their hats and smiled. As they passed the bomb sites and run down housing now occupied by the newly arrived Jamaican families, Viv sighed and squeezed Evie's arm a bit harder.
‘Don't you wish you could get away from all this?’ she said. ‘When I left Ilford and came to London, I thought the streets would be paved with gold. Instead they just seem to be paved with dog shit.’
Evie giggled and ran her hand over her friends knuckles.
‘Your prince will come,’ she said. ‘You'll be living in a castle before you know it.’
Madam Celine's was just one of many bespoke dressmakers in Shepherds Bush Market. Evie loved coming here - it reminded her of the markets she would go to with her mum when she was a little girl. Even though Daisy was a supervisor in Denby's, money was sometimes tight, and a treat would be to go to Petticoat Lane to pick up some fabric, which she would take back to old Mrs Davies at number sixteen who’d make Evie the most beautiful dress from it. Evie liked the noise coming from the fruit and veg sellers that stood in the cobbled street in the middle of the market, shouting out their wares and making saucy remarks to the housewives who passed them. She thought it funny how the shops that lined the market tried to make themselves more upmarket than they really were, often selling knock-off furniture, or reproductions of antiques.
By the time they reached Madam Celine's, Viv was complaining of feeling cold, even though it was unusually warm for May. Evie was taken by a beautiful light blue gown with a sequinned waist that was in the window; and as she turned to Viv for her opinion, she was shocked to see her friend standing there, arms wrapped around herself, teeth chattering as if it was the middle of January.
‘Do you want to go and get yourself a cup of tea and I'll meet you in a minute?’ Evie asked. ‘You look dreadful.’
Viv was becoming very pale, and Evie wondered if she was coming down with some sort of illness. She did mix with some unsavoury types and those Benzedrines probably didn't help her. She could have caught something from one of her men friends, or it could just be she hadn’t had enough sleep.
‘I think I will,’ she uttered. ‘I'll be fine after a cuppa.’
Evie watched her friend stumble off in the direction of the little cafe at the end of the market, and felt rather guilty for not going with her. She hoped Viv was right, and a cup of tea would be enough to revive her. She went into Madame Celine's, and never ceased to be overwhelmed by the sheer volume of dresses that filled this tiny shop. They hung on rails that stood against every wall, the bales of net underneath the skirts all jutting out, each one wrapped meticulously in cellophane. Madame Celine's assistant - a mousy little girl with a hearing aid, who would never be employed in a boutique like this if it was based in Bond Street, came out and smiled at Evie.
‘Can I help you madam?’ she asked.
‘Yes, the blue gown in the window. How much is it?’
Even though it was the only blue gown in the window, and she should have known the price, the girl still insisted in squeezing past Evie and looking in the front, fingering the satin skirt. She then darted back in like someone had given her an electric shock.
‘That dress is five pounds and eight shillings,’ she replied. 
‘Can I try it on?’
‘Certainly. Changing room is at the back.’
The dress sat perfectly on Evie's model figure, but it was too long. A gown like that should have come to just below her knee, but this fell about three inches above her ankle. She asked the little girl how long it would take to have it altered and she promised it would be done by five o'clock that afternoon. Evie was never sure who did the alterations, but whenever she stood in the cramped, musty smelling changing room; she would listen out and faintly hear the sound of sewing machines overhead. A lot of the West Indian women who used to rent from Ray would be seamstresses, and she wondered if Madame Celine exploited the new labour force to get her work done.
She paid the girl a deposit of one pound and ten shillings, and left the shop, making her way back to the cafe. As she stepped in, the steam from the urn behind the counter hit her in the face and she hoped it didn't make her hair go limp. She'd only had it curled two days ago and the last thing she wanted was to turn up on her date with Peter with her hair falling all over her eyes.
Most of the customers in the shabby cafe were male market stall holders, and on seeing Evie, a few of them whistled lowly under their breaths, or flashed beaming smiles. Ignoring them, she weaved her way through the tightly packed Formica tables, to the back of the restaurant, where Viv was sat in a booth, looking down at the table, her hand pressed against her forehead.
‘You okay?’ Evie asked, sitting opposite her.
‘I don't feel at all well Evie,’ Viv replied, and as she looked up, Evie was horrified to see her eyes were now rimmed with black - like a Panda. She was sweating, and her hands were shaking violently.
‘We need to get you to a doctor my girl,’ Evie said. ‘Come on, I'm taking you home.’
‘I'll be alright,’ Viv insisted. This was followed by a cough and Evie screamed when a stream of blood suddenly jettisoned from her friend's nose, across the table, landing on her hand. Viv began retching, blood bubbling out of her mouth, and soon everyone was looking at her.
‘Call for an ambulance!’ Evie shouted at the man behind the counter.
He disappeared from view, and went in the direction of the kitchens, where Evie hoped the phone was kept. One of the stall holders rushed over and knelt beside Viv, putting his arm around her shoulder.
‘Are you alright love?’ he asked. 
Viv tried to nod, but ended up retching again.
‘I don't know what's the matter with her,’ Evie uttered. ‘She was fine when we left the house this morning.’
The man kindly removed his tatty looking donkey jacket, and wrapped it around Viv's shoulders, trying to keep her warm. Evie took a hankie from her handbag and reached across the table, trying to wipe some of the blood from Viv's chin. It was a horrific sight and Evie was so shocked, she couldn't even panic.
By the time the ambulance turned up, Viv was flopped back in her seat, her eyes at the back of her head. The only indication that she was alive being the ragged gasps she was giving. Evie was shaking now, positive her friend was going to die on her - just like Ray, and just like her mother. She felt cursed and wondered why she brought such misery to people.
The ambulance-men strapped Viv to a stretcher, and Evie followed them out to the ambulance that was parked on Goldhawk Road. They asked her questions she couldn't answer - like did Viv have any sort of illness? Had she been in an accident recently? Evie was pretty sure the answer to both of these was no; but her brain was so scrambled with shock, it was impossible to reply.
She went with Viv in the rattling ambulance to Fulham Hospital, and when they got there, the ambulance-men rushed Viv into Accident and Emergency. A nurse approached Evie, and asked her basic details, like Viv's date of birth and her address, and Evie just about answered. She hated the smell of hospitals. The feeling that a death was probably happening somewhere in the building; the anonymity and lack of compassion by the staff, it all reminded her of when she lost her mum. It was still so fresh in her mind. Walking through that terrible ward filled with the injured and dying; looking to Tommy Mulligan for support, when he was only a child himself. Watching her beautiful mum fade away and die before her very eyes. The memories were still so raw and painful, and Evie knew it was going to take all her strength to make herself stay here and wait to find out what had happened to Viv.
She fetched herself a cup of over-brewed tea from the canteen, and found a seat in the small waiting room next to A&E. The only other people in there was a very poor looking woman in dirty, scruffy clothes holding the head of the small boy who sat next to her against her chest. Evie knew the polite thing to do would be to enquire who the woman was waiting for, but she still couldn't bring herself to speak. Instead, she looked at the table beside her and chose one of the magazines that was piled up on it. She opted for Tatler as it had a very fetching photograph of Princess Margaret on it, and Evie enjoyed looking at pictures of her. Flicking through the pages, she saw there was an article on Barnham House, and this piqued her interest. It was an 'at home' piece with Serena Salter - Peter's younger sister. Peter had indeed confessed that the family were rather despairing over Serena's predicament - she was twenty-five and nowhere near getting married. She wasn't the prettiest of girls, and even though the photographer had done his best to capture her best side; her huge nose and thinning hair could not be disguised. Evie guessed they had probably done this article in an attempt to raise her profile and snag a husband.
Evie scoured the article with great interest. She'd seen the exterior of Barnham House many a time, but had never been inside. What captured her attention was the photograph taken in the grand drawing room, with Serena posing against a magnificent marble mantelpiece. Above it hung a painting of three children; the tallest being a young girl with long dark hair and a rather plain face that mirrored Serena's. In front of her stood a small, blonde haired toddler with huge blue eyes, who looked like an angel; and next to them was a boy. He was almost as tall as his sister, and with his golden, floppy hair and a fine bone structure, he was far more beautiful. What alarmed Evie the most was that he looked exactly as she'd done as a child, and she knew instantly that this was her father. She'd never seen a picture of him before, and it almost moved her to tears to finally see his face. People had always told her she was Daisy's double, but that was only because she was blonde and petite. In truth, she looked just like William, and she so wished he was still here, and she could speak to him. It would be lovely to have a father to wrap his arms around her, and tell her everything was going to be okay. She'd never had that. Daisy wasn't even the type of woman who'd brought home lots of men friends. The only male influence Evie had ever had was Charles, and even though she was fond of him, it wasn't the same as having her own dad.
A nurse called the scruffy woman out of the waiting room, and she and the child left. As soon as she was alone, Evie folded up the magazine and put it into her handbag. She was unlikely to ever be given another picture of her father, and she wanted to hold onto this one.
Time went on and Evie kicked herself for being selfish, when she saw it was half past three and felt concerned that it was getting close to the time she should be getting back to Madame Celine's to pick up her dress. She wondered if it was even appropriate to go to dinner with Peter when her poor friend was at death's door. But the thought of going to Nino's was so wonderful, and if Viv was asleep, maybe she wouldn't miss her.
Evie breathed a sigh of relief when, just as another batch of worried relatives came in, so did a nurse, who headed her way.
‘Miss Wallis?’ she smiled.
‘Yes,’ Evie replied and she guessed Viv wasn't dead, as the nurse wouldn't be so cheery.
‘Your friend's very weak but she says she wants to see you. Will you come with me?’
‘Sure.’
It was so difficult for Evie as she followed the nurse along the shiny, squeaky floored corridors. In her mind she was fifteen again, Tommy was at her side, and she was going to see her mum, and it took all her strength not to turn and run out.
Viv was in a large general ward filled with women of all ages. She had a curtain around her for privacy and Evie was scared of what she was going to find. The last time she'd seen her, she'd looked so dreadful, and Evie didn't want to see someone in that sort of state again for a very long time.
The nurse pulled the curtain open and Evie saw that while Viv looked almost as awful as she had earlier, at least her eyes were focusing now, and the blood had been cleaned away from her face.  Her clothes were on a chair beside the bed and she was wearing a white hospital gown. Her hair was matted with sweat and Evie could see crusts of dry blood on the ends.
‘There we go Miss Collins,’ the nurse said. ‘Here's your friend for you.’ She looked at Evie and laid her hand upon her shoulder. ‘Don't keep her too long, she's very tired.’
‘I won't, thank you nurse.’
The nurse left, pulling the curtain back around the bed. Evie sat beside Viv and took her hand within hers. Her skin felt cold and clammy.
‘I told you to stop taking those Benzies,’ Evie chided. ‘They were never going to do you any good.’
‘It weren't the Benzies,’ Viv croaked.
‘What was it then?’
Viv developed a worried expression and nodded in the direction of the opening in the curtain that Evie had come through.
‘Make sure no one's around,’ she whispered.
Evie leaned back and opened the curtain. The ward was busy, the nurses taken up with looking after patients, and not at all interested in whatever tawdry tale Viv Collins had to tell.
‘It's fine,’ she said, pulling the curtain closed and returning to Viv. ‘What have you been up to you silly moo?’
‘About a month ago Mario came back for a rematch,’ Viv said sheepishly. ‘I know. Call me an idiot.’
‘Oh Viv,’ Evie groaned. ‘Please don't tell me what I think you're going to say.’ She'd been through this with Viv before. The last woman who did it, put so much carbolic soap in her, she still stank of it for a month afterwards.
‘There's this new girl started at the club - May. The punters love her because she looks so different. Her old man's Chinese and her mother's Irish. She told me about this old Chinese woman over in Limehouse who does herbal remedies for things. I thought to meself, a few herbs aren't going to do me any harm. So I went to this old woman and she gave me this tea, tasted fucking 'orrible it did. She then gave me a bag of it to take home and make two more cups. A guinea all that cost me! I didn't think it was doing anything, but as you can see, it had a funny effect on me.’
‘Are you bleeding down there?’ Evie said quietly, nodding in the direction of Viv's crotch.
‘Yeah,’ Viv replied, and Evie was sure she could hear a hint of regret in her voice.  ‘The docs just think it's a miscarriage and we've got to let 'em keep believing that.  If the truth comes out, I could go to prison.’
‘But what about the other stuff? Like the bleeding from your mouth. What's that all about?’
Viv shrugged her shoulders.
‘Dunno. Side effects I suppose. Thing is Evie, the abortion cleaned me right out of me savings. I ain't got a penny for the rent. I'm going to have to move back in with Mum and Dad until I'm better. Then I'll start dancing again and I'll be able to come back.’
Evie wanted to slap her friend for being so stupid; but how could she when she'd been so ill? And it wouldn't be the first time Viv had let her down over the rent. The man in the pawn shop was always pestering Evie to go out with him - she was in there so often he was convinced she fancied him! 
‘Shouldn't you be going?’ Viv smiled weakly. ‘You've got a date.’
‘I'll stay with you if you want. If you feel you need company.’
‘I just want to sleep,’ Viv said. ‘I'm so tired.’
‘Alright. Well I'll come and see you tomorrow, I promise.’
‘You do that,’ Viv smiled, squeezing her hand. ‘I want to hear all about Nino's.’

***

Smelly hospitals; Viv and her back-street abortion; pawn shops and other sordid things, seemed a world away once Evie was at Nino's with Peter. She'd never been to America, but it reminded her of all the swanky bars and restaurants she'd seen in Hollywood films. The walls were dark, the lighting subdued. Booths upholstered in burgundy velvet ran along each side, some in such a discreet position, anyone could have been hidden in there. The tables in the middle of the floor were made of glass, and Evie spotted a few actors she’d seen on the television - as well as the MP Cuthbert Morrison. He was sitting making conversation with his wife Ethel; but Evie and Peter knew him from the club, where he would often turn up accompanied by a young model called Gloria.
‘Aren't you going to drink your champagne?’ Peter asked, motioning to the half full glass in front of Evie. ‘We have a whole bottle chilling here.’To make a point, he raised the bottle of Bollinger nestling in the silver ice bucket.
‘I don't want to get drunk,’ she said. ‘I feel as though I should be on my best behaviour here.’
‘I want you to have fun Evie,’ he said. ‘I know this may sound melancholy and like something out of a cheap novel; but there's always sadness behind your eyes. Even when you're in the club, laughing with the customers, I still feel as though I want to wrap my arms around you and pull you close to me and cheer you up.’
‘I think maybe something changed in me when my mum died,’ she said quietly, embarrassed at talking about herself in this way. ‘From then on I felt as though I didn't belong anywhere anymore.’
‘Stephen tells me your father died before you were born?’
‘Yes. I have no memory of him.’
‘I mentioned your mother to Mama the other day and she was saying what a livewire she was. Apparently all the other maids were jealous of Daisy because she was so pretty.’
‘Yes, she was pretty,’ Evie replied, and to her chagrin, she felt her eyes fill with tears. Giving a nervous laugh, she quickly wiped a stray tear away and returned her hands to her lap. ‘I was very close to my mother. It was just the two of us up until she died.’
‘Did she work?’
‘Yes, she was a supervisor at Denby's, the department store.’
‘Well I'm sure she'd be very proud of you if she could see you now.’
Would she? Evie wondered. Did Daisy really want her little girl to grow up to become a nightclub hostess, living in a shared flat with a stripper who had a penchant for bad men and back-street abortions? Did she really dream that one day Evie would be someone's mistress? If Daisy could have chosen someone for her daughter, it would have been someone like Peter. Even though he was a little louche and sometimes gravitated towards the seedier side of life; he knew who he was and that one day he would inherit the estate. Evie would put her money on any bad behaviour coming to an abrupt end then.
‘Would your mother mind you taking me out to dinner?’ Evie asked, aware she’d been quiet for too long. ‘After all, I'm just a servant's daughter.’
‘Nonsense. That was the past. The war put an end to all that sort of thinking. You're just Evie. Your own person. In fact I think Mama would be quite fascinated to meet you.’
He said nothing more, but Evie couldn't help but give a little smile. Men didn't mention you meeting their mothers unless they were serious. The thought of meeting her aunt was interesting to say the least.
Peter reached under the table and Evie felt him grasp her hand, squeezing her tiny fingers within his; and as she looked at him, he smiled sheepishly, his dark eyes hiding behind that floppy fringe.
‘I'm enchanted by you Evie,’ he said. ‘When we're in the club together - even if you're on the other side of the room - it feels as though there’s an invisible bond linking us. Like I know what you're thinking and you, me. I can honestly say I've never felt that way with another woman.’
‘I don't know what to say,’ she uttered. She wasn't even sure how she felt about Peter. She was very fond of him, but she didn’t know if she felt quite as akin to him as he did her. But his attention flattered her and made her feel like that special little girl again. Somehow, by being his girlfriend, she could maybe erase the past ten years and forget the girl she became, and instead go back to the girl she was. Could Peter – her own cousin - be her saviour?
‘I'm sorry, I've embarrassed you,’ he said, letting go of her hand. ‘I suppose it's quite inappropriate with me being your employer and all.’
‘It isn't that. It's just. Well I have to confess, I've had a shocking day. My friend collapsed while we were out shopping and she had to go to hospital. I hate those places. They just remind me of when Mum died.’
‘Oh Evie, I'm so sorry, I had no idea. Is your friend okay?’
‘She'll be fine. It's just that whenever I step into a hospital I think about that night when I watched Mum die. I'll never get over that.’
Feeling she was going to cry again, Evie quickly drank her champagne. Peter liked her for her bubbly personality and her smooth hostessing skills. What would he think of her being morose like this? Crying like a little girl and bringing the mood down?
‘Well we'll talk no more about it,’ he smiled. ‘Now, what would you like to order? I can heartily recommend the veal escalope.’

After three glasses of champagne and some delicious food, Evie felt more relaxed and able to cope with the day's events. With alcohol inside her, she re-discovered the person who entertained clients at Peter's club each evening, and she could play the part of being vivacious and charming. Just as they were about to leave, they were approached by a young couple. The man looked rakish, with a thin moustache and slicked back dark hair. His companion was a stunning looking girl with jet black hair, and the biggest blue eyes Evie had ever seen. She wore a mint green, satin halter-neck dress that made Evie's market-bought frock look dowdy in comparison. Evie read enough fashion magazines and she knew this was a Hardy Amies.
‘I thought it was you Salter old chap,’ the man said, thrusting a hand in front of Peter's face.
Tony you old rogue,’ Peter laughed, standing up to shake hands with him. He then looked at the girl. ‘This isn't Clare, surely?’
‘It is,’ Tony laughed putting his arm around the girl's shoulder and pulling her to him in an almost comradely way. The girl winced and wriggled away slightly, and Evie thought this a rather rude way to behave towards her husband. ‘Hasn't she got big?’
‘You're talking about me as though I'm seven,’ she snapped.
‘I'm forgetting my manners,’ Peter said. ‘Formal introductions and all that. Evie, this is Anthony Woodward-Jones and his sister Clare. Tony and I were at school together, and when I last saw Clare she was in school uniform. Clare, Tony, this is Evelyn Wallis, my companion. She also works with me at the club.’
‘Enchanted,’ Tony purred, and Evie realised he was quite drunk. He took her hand and kissed it through her satin glove. She and Clare then nodded to each other.
‘Sit down, the pair of you,’ Peter said, moving over. ‘It's been so long, what are you doing here?’
Tony sat next to Evie, and Clare beside Peter. However pretty Clare was, she had an expression like she was chewing a wasp; and without her saying anything, Evie got the feeling she could see through her and disapproved of being in the presence of someone so common.
‘We've just been to see The Mousetrap,’ Tony said. ‘Thought we'd pop in for a drinkie or two.’
‘Are you living in London now?’
‘Yah, we're staying with Aunt Mabel in South Ken.’
Tony picked up the bottle of champagne that was in the bucket and looked rather disappointed to find it was empty.
‘Haven't you had enough?’ Clare snapped.
‘Did you hear that?’ Tony laughed, looking at Evie and Peter. ‘Bossed about by my own little sister. Does your little sister tell you what to do Evelyn?’
‘Evie,’ she smiled nervously. ‘And no, I don't have a younger sister. I'm an only child.’
‘Damn lucky if you ask me,’ he said. ‘Nothing but trouble.’
‘Are you working Clare?’ Peter asked, trying to lighten the atmosphere.
‘No,’ she replied primly. ‘I'm currently at Lucie Clayton.’
‘Are you going to become a fashion model?’ Evie asked, trying to be friendly.
‘That is my hope, yes,’ Clare replied.
‘Not if Pa doesn't marry her off first,’ Tony said. ‘We've got her coming out ball soon. You should read the guest list. I swear half the royal families in Europe have been invited.’
Evie quickly made up her mind that Tony was a crashing bore, and she actually felt quite sorry for Clare. She was clearly under his thumb and Evie got the feeling every time she tried to blossom, he just put her down and stifled her.
‘What about you old chap?’ Peter asked. ‘What game are you into?’
‘Plastics. Just bought a ruddy big factory in Leicester that churns out casings for radios, and those god awful kitchen sets that women seem to enjoy using these days. Not exciting like you Salter. A nightclub. How’s that going?’ 
‘It's doing okay. You know what it's like, just coasting along until it's my time to take on the formal duties. Why don't the pair of you drop in tomorrow? If you’re not doing anything that is?’
‘Splendid idea,’ Tony said. ‘Anyway, we'd better be heading off. I'm dropping Clare home, then going onto the Monkey Club. Fancy coming along?’
‘I'm fine, thank you,’ Peter smiled. ‘But do come to the Nine Seven Six tomorrow.’
‘Wouldn't miss it old chap.’
Tony stood up and offered his hand to Evie.
‘Enchanted Evie,’ he said.
‘Nice to meet you too,’ she smiled sweetly, shaking his hand. She looked at Clare, who still looked so miserable and almost frightened.
‘Hope to see you tomorrow Clare,’ she said.
‘Yes,’ Clare replied rather abruptly. ‘I'm sure you will.’
They both left, and Peter looked at Evie rather sheepishly, embarrassed at his friend's behaviour.
‘I'm sorry about that,’ he said. ‘Tony's always been rather spirited, shall we say?’
‘Don't apologise. We all have embarrassing friends.’
‘Yes, you're right. Anyway, I suppose I should be seeing you home.’
Evie panicked slightly, wondering what he would make of her rather shabby Notting Hill flat.
‘I'll get the underground, it's okay.’
‘Nonsense, you can't take the underground in that lovely dress - it'll get filthy. Let me give you a lift, I insist.’
Evie was glad it was night, and so dark that Peter couldn't see quite how run-down the mansion block was; or how shabby the local area looked. She knew he was aware that she wasn't rich, but the squalor of her home didn't quite fit with the glamorous image she liked to portray in the club. He pulled up outside and switched off the engine, turning to face her and putting his arm around the back of her seat.
‘Thank you for a lovely evening,’ he said.
‘You're welcome,’ she smiled. ‘Nino's was wonderful. I shall never forget it.’
‘Why should you? I'm sure you'll go again.’
‘Maybe.’
He sat back and looked at the steering wheel, rubbing his hand across his face.
‘That champagne has started to have an effect on me,’ he said. ‘I hope I can drive home without crashing into traffic lights or something.’
Evie knew exactly what he was hinting at and she had to make a quick decision. What would sleeping with him mean? Would he think less of her - like she was some sort of slut? Or would it be the thing to secure his affection? She knew him pretty well and guessed it would probably be the latter. He seemed the sort of man who would understand that she was thirty years old and hardly a blushing virgin. Just because she wanted to sleep with him it didn’t make her a tart.
‘You could come up and have a coffee,’ she said quietly.
‘Really?’ he smiled, raising one of his eyebrows. ‘Coffee?’
‘You can have whatever you like.’
‘I like the sound of that,’ he nodded. ‘You'd better show me the way.’
Chapter Four

Evie awoke the following morning to find Peter had gone. He’d left a note on her pillow saying he had a meeting with a wine supplier and that he would see her later, but Evie felt nervous about seeing him again. She didn't even know if Peter really did have a meeting, or the truth was he thought badly of her for sleeping with him and had gone home in disgust.  She wondered what she would do if she went into work that night, and he told her she was sacked. Men could be so cruel, and while he'd been loving and attentive to her the night before - probably the most gentle lover she'd ever had; there was no knowing what had gone through his mind once it was no longer fogged with desire. In thirty years, Evie was yet to meet a man she could fathom out.
Putting her worries to the back of her mind, she got dressed and left the house, catching the bus to Fulham Hospital to visit Viv. She hoped her friend had changed her mind about moving back to Essex to recuperate. The thought of finding another flatmate was so tiresome. Viv was a pain to live with, but someone else could have been worse - having constant parties, or bringing back unsuitable men.
Viv wasn't looking much healthier. Her skin was still sallow, and dark circles were still under her eyes. Next to her bed sat a hard-faced woman with brassy red hair that was nearer to orange and obviously covering grey. Evie had never met Viv's mother, but at a guess, that was who it was.
‘How are you feeling Viv?’ Evie asked, sitting on the end of the bed.
‘A little better,’ Viv whispered. Her voice still raspy.
‘Do you mind telling me 'oo you are?’ The brassy woman asked, looking at Evie with cold eyes full of contempt.
‘I'm Evie, Viv's flatmate,’ she replied.
‘You!’ The woman spat. ‘You should be ashamed of yourself.’
‘What have I done?!’ Evie cried.
‘Mum,’ Viv groaned as best she could.
‘Coming in 'ere with y' fancy clothes and y' lah-di-dah voice. I know all about you. My Viv's been telling me.’
‘What am I supposed to have done?’ Evie uttered, wondering if she was indeed still asleep, and this was a weird dream.
Mrs Collins stood up and shuffled over to Evie. She smelt of cigarettes and musty clothes; and as she came close, Evie could see the face powder seeping into every line.
‘I know about the drugs you've been giving my daughter,’ she hissed, waggling a finger in Viv's face. ‘The doctor done an x-ray on her chest and found the damage on her lungs.’
‘I haven't given Viv any drugs,’ Evie protested, looking to her friend for support. Viv looked away and Evie slowly began to realise what had happened. Viv didn't want her mother to know that the Benzies were all her doing, and so she had painted Evie as some sort of drug pusher. However much Evie didn't want the hassle of finding another flatmate, she felt deeply hurt by Viv’s actions, and she didn’t want her around any more.
‘I’ll bring your things here,’ she said, standing up. ‘I’ll pay any rent you owe, so everything’s square.’
‘You’re lucky I don’t get the police onto you,’ Mrs Collins snarled. ‘You could have killed my daughter.’
‘Oh fuck off!’ snapped Evie, not liking herself for swearing. ‘Why don’t you ask her about the abortion?’
Evie walked out and felt bad about what she’d just done. Viv was ill, and had made a mistake that she probably didn’t want her mother to know about, and now she would have a lot of explaining to do. But Evie justified it to herself in that she was hurt and had lashed out. Viv was the one who chose to take Benzedrine like it was going out of fashion and sleep with her feckless ex-boyfriend. Well now she could face the consequences.

Going home, Evie found herself crying again. She felt so betrayed by Viv. They’d been friends for so long, and yet she’d thought nothing of risking Evie being arrested. If the police got any idea she was supplying drugs, they would haul her in for questioning. With every passing day, Evie got more and more disillusioned with her life, and as time went on, the only good point of her day was going to the club and being with Peter. Last night, even the interruption of the annoying and strange Tony and Clare Woodward-Jones, hadn’t spoilt her time at Nino’s. It had given her a glimpse of the life she aspired to, and spending the night with Peter had been the icing on the cake. With Ray, he would always be in a hurry, keeping an eye on the clock because he was scared of being late home to Annie. He’d leave and Evie would feel dirty and used. But Peter hadn’t made her feel like that and she wanted more.
Even though she was nervous about seeing him that evening, she went out of her way to make an effort to look nice. She changed into a mauve, satin shift dress Ray had bought her in a boutique in Kensington High street, and she made sure her hair and make up were perfect. Now that Peter had seen her shabby flat, Evie felt the illusion she liked to create had been shattered somewhat; but she couldn’t let that hold her back, and had to be brave and face him.
Peter liked Evie to arrive at the club half an hour before it opened, so she was there to greet the first customers as they came in. When she arrived, he was behind the bar in his shirt-sleeves, helping Dean the barman to put bottles into the optics. Evie wasn’t sure what she should do. Would it would be appropriate to approach him? Or should she just wait until he noticed she was there? Her fears were allayed when he spotted her reflection in the mirror behind the bar, and turned around. The beaming smile he gave her told her that he didn’t think any the less of her - despite last night.
‘Hello,’ he said. ‘You look wonderful.’
‘Thank you,’ she replied. ‘I thought I’d put something different on.’
‘Well it was a wise choice. I’m just going into the office to tidy myself up. Will you join me?’
Evie followed him into this little office round the back of the bar; and as soon as he shut the door, he pulled her to him and kissed her passionately. Evie felt so relieved that he still wanted to know her. Everything else looked so bleak in her life, she needed someone to remind her that she wasn’t a complete failure.
‘I’ve been thinking about kissing you all day,’ he said as he eased her away. ‘I’m sorry I had to rush off this morning, but I had to meet with that damn supplier. I could have done with cuddling up to you a bit longer.’
‘I was frightened that you’d think less of me,’ she confessed. ‘I don’t usually jump into bed with men you know.’
‘I didn’t think you did for a moment. Anyway, before we go out and meet our public, I was wondering if you fancied a trip to Paradise next weekend?’
‘I’m sorry?’ she laughed.
‘It’s my cousin Claudia’s birthday and she’s having a bit of a bash. Grandpa and Mormor won’t be around too much as they like to visit friends during the summer. Us young’uns have an open house, and we can invite who we like, and I wondered if you’d do me the honour of being my guest.’
‘Me? Visit Barnham House?’ she uttered.
‘Yes!’ he laughed. ‘Don’t look so scared Evie. You’ll be able to see where your mother worked.’
‘Yes of course. Are you sure you want me to come?’
‘Why wouldn't I? I was rather hoping after last night, you'd agree to be my girlfriend.’
How could Evie refuse? Peter was offering her a way into the life she’d longed for. A life away from seedy men and even seedier friends. Besides, if he only knew it, she was the true heir to Barnham House; and she had every right to visit her ancestral home. Maybe while she was there, she could find out more about her father.
‘I accept,’ she smiled. ‘Both invitations.’
‘Good girl,’ he beamed, pulling her to him and kissing her again. ‘Come back to mine tonight. In fact, why don't you stay over as often as you like? My neighbours are very discreet.’

Evie couldn't have been happier as she started work that evening. Just when it seemed everything was going wrong, she’d been thrown this lifeline by Peter. If she was going to be staying at his place more often, what would it matter who she took on as a flatmate? Just as long as they paid the rent, she wouldn't care. Evie felt a little foolish when her mind started running away with itself - imagining weddings and moving into Barnham House and getting to be Lady of the Manor. She would give birth to the heirs to the Ashleigh title and live the lives her dead parents should have done. She realised she was being far too presumptuous, and got on with the matter in hand and did the job she was paid to do.
She was pleased to see that Stephen, Adam and Abe had joined them for the evening. They'd just returned from a trip to Rothbury in Northumberland, where Adam's parents originally came from, and were in high spirits. Abe laughed about how the people in the tiny village had either treated him as some sort of novelty to be stared at, or else with the suspicion that he was going to unleash a voodoo spirit on them. When he had five minutes to spare, Peter joined them and invited the boys to Claudia's party as well. Abe's reaction at being invited to an English stately home was pretty similar to Evie's.
‘I don't wanna be causing any trouble,’ he said. ‘Folks like me are normally only the staff in places like that.’
‘Nonsense,’ Peter laughed. ‘Grandfather and Mormor once entertained a Zulu prince from South Africa. Mormor was most excited to be in his company. And legend has it, she followed him about the house like a limpet.’
‘Well I ain't no prince,’ Abe laughed. ‘But I'll do my best to behave like one.’
Evie groaned inwardly when she looked up and saw Tony and Clare Woodward-Jones coming down the stairs. Despite being a member of the aristocracy, Tony looked like every spiv Evie had had the displeasure of encountering since she'd lived in London. Even his suit looked cheap, and the way he slicked his hair down and held his cigarette was like someone more akin to sharing a cell in Pentonville. Clare, however, looked lovely tonight. Her scarlet dress complimented her dark hair, and her long black gloves stood out against her milky skin. But it was spoilt somewhat by the pained expression she wore; and Evie guessed she didn't really want to be here.
Peter left his seat to greet them, and brought them over to where Abe, Adam and Stephen were sitting. As he introduced them, Evie noticed Tony's reluctance to shake Abe's hand. Even as he did, he only seemed to grasp the end of Abe's fingers. Prejudice like this wasn't new to Evie. Living in Notting Hill, she saw it day in day out - the bus drivers who refused to let black passengers on; the signs in boarding house windows stating no blacks were wanted. It was common, but it still disturbed her to see an acquaintance behaving in such a way to someone she now considered a friend.
‘I'd better go and mingle,’ she said to Peter, not wanting to be in Tony's company a moment longer. ‘I'll leave you to it.’
The club gradually filled up. Mostly with regulars and a few out-of-towners who’d heard of its growing reputation as the place to be. Evie was her usual, charming self; chatting to the customers and doing all she could to make them feel relaxed and welcome. They’d never realise that at the back of her mind, all she could think about was going to Barnham House.  Only she would know the secrets it held - that her parents had met there. Maybe if things had been how they were today, Daisy and William would have stood a chance.  Since the war, class didn’t seem so important. Evie saw it day in, day out; the toffs who scrambled to hold court with East End gangsters. These men who ran many of the clubs and prostitutes in the West End were the ones who held the power now. They had the money and the kudos the rich once had. Nowadays, Daisy’s working-class background may have been seen as a novelty and William’s parents wouldn’t have stopped them marrying.
She was chatting to a young starlet called Mary Askew, who had just won a role in a drama that was going to be shown on the new Independent television channel that was starting later in the year, when she felt a tap on her shoulder. Turning around, she saw it was Tony, and she immediately turned back round and started talking to Mary again.
‘Need your help,’ Tony said. He then looked over Evie's shoulder at the pretty blonde and smiled. ‘Hello sweetheart,’ he said.
‘Nice to meet you,’ Mary said, in her newly polished RP voice (she'd confessed to Evie that she was originally from Birmingham). Tony tapped Evie’s shoulder once more, forcing her to turn around.
‘What is it Tony?’ she snapped.
‘I need your help old girl,’ he said. ‘Clare won't stop talking to the nigger.’
Evie looked past him to the table where the others were all sat, and indeed Clare was sitting close to Abe and they were deep in conversation. And for the first time since she'd met her, Evie noticed the young girl was smiling.
‘I can't dictate who people talk to,’ she said. ‘It's a club. People meet and talk.’
‘Would you like your sister talking to a nigger?’ Tony snapped.
‘As you know, I haven't got a sister, and even if I did, it would be of no concern of mine who she spoke to.’
‘Well I don't like my sister talking to that man, and you're paid to help customers, so I'd appreciate it if you did what I asked.’
Evie bristled at being spoken to in this way, and smiled at Mary, raising her eyebrows to silently apologise for this embarrassing scene. She then followed Tony across to the table, and on the way tried to figure out how she was going to break Clare and Abe up. It seemed such a shame - Clare looked so happy for a change. Evie couldn't bring herself to be rude, and said nothing; she just sat on the other side of the young girl, and looked around at everyone on the table.
‘Can I get you all some more drinks?’ she asked loudly.
‘We're fine thanks Evie,’ said Stephen, lifting up the champagne bottle that was chilling in the bucket. Evie then turned her attention to Clare, looking at her dress.
‘That’s such a lovely gown,’ she said, glancing over at Tony, who was sitting beside Peter and watching to make sure she was doing as he requested. ‘Where did you get it?’
‘A boutique in Monaco. Tony and I were down there earlier this year,’ Clare replied. For a moment her voice sounded young and playful – it usually sounded so grave.
‘Well it’s rather gorgeous. It suits you.’
‘Thank you.’
‘Why don’t you two come down to Paradise?’ Peter suggested to Tony and Clare. ‘It should be a great weekend. The place will be filled with Claudia’s teenage friends, so it’ll be nice to have some adult company.’
‘Sounds like a super idea,’ said Tony. ‘Haven’t been to the old house in years.’
‘Will you fellows be going as well?’ Clare asked Stephen, Adam and Abe. Although Evie got the feeling it was directed more at Abe.
‘Wouldn’t miss it for the world,’ Stephen laughed. ‘When you come from my village, it’s somewhat of an ambition to get into Barnham House. My mother was a governess there, so it’ll be quite the coup to be invited as a guest.’

The club didn’t empty until three a.m, and by the time Peter closed the doors to let the last customer out, Evie was exhausted. It had been a stressful day; and maintaining the façade of the happy hostess had been draining – especially when having to contend with Tony and his insistence that she act as some sort of chaperone for Clare. She flopped down in one of the booths, and Peter went to the bar and poured them both a glass of whiskey. Evie didn’t normally like the taste, but there was something bracing about it, and as it burnt the back of her throat, it brought her back to her senses and yet relaxed her at the same time.
‘You look done in old girl,’ he said as he sat beside her.
‘I am. Sometimes I think I’m getting too old for this job.’
‘Nonsense,’ he smiled, reaching out and stroking her face. ‘You’re a spring chicken. But I do think we need to get some help in for you. Maybe another girl. I think I’ll ring around a few people I know, get some girls in on Monday that we can interview.’
‘You want me to interview them too?’ For a moment Evie had been scared he’d been tiring of her and was going to use this as an excuse to find a younger, prettier model.
‘Of course I do. Who knows more about the job than you? You’ll be able to fill them in properly.’
‘Thank you,’ she uttered. ‘I would like some help around here. Sometimes it gets exhausting holding everything together.’
‘And I appreciate everything you do, and I think I should repay you. So how about tomorrow I drive us somewhere nice and we can have a spot of lunch and a leisurely stroll? How does that sound to you?’
‘Sounds wonderful,’ Evie smiled, thinking of all the times her dates with Ray would involve something seedy - like visiting one of his clubs, or waiting in the car - dressed to the nines - while he went into a house to ‘sort out’ a tenant who wasn’t paying the rent. How different her life was going to be now. ‘I don’t mind where we go.’ She reached across the table and grasped Peter’s hands. ‘Wherever you are, I’m happy.’
Chapter Five

Evie could never tell Peter just how nervous she was about going to Barnham House. As they travelled down in the car from London to Surrey, she could barely bring herself to speak. In the days preceding, when she’d expressed her second thoughts, and questioned him why he’d invited her; he had reassured her repeatedly by telling her how nice everyone in his family were, and how welcoming they would be. Evie could never tell him how much that stately home meant to her. How, after such a dreadful time lately, it somehow stood as a beacon of hope.
With every passing day she found herself hoping more and more that Peter would eventually ask her to marry him. Evie felt as though she'd let Daisy's memory down so many times and she hoped one day her mother would be able to look down at her and be proud that she'd finally ensconced herself as Lady Ashleigh and that she was paying her back for the faith she’d always had in her.
‘Don't look so scared old girl,’ Peter said, reaching across and stroking her cheek. ‘My grandparents will hardly be there, and even if they were, they’d love you.’
‘It's just coming back to Haslemere,’ she said quietly. ‘It reminds me of Mum dying and coming to live here with Aunt Priscilla and Uncle Charles.’
‘Well I'm sure your mother would be very proud to see her daughter returning to Paradise as a guest rather than a member of staff.’
As they passed Haslemere Station, Evie was taken back to that day in 1940 when she and Tommy came down here on spec - taking a chance on Priscilla being kind enough to give her a home. It was fifteen years ago and so much had happened in between, but in Evie's mind it was like yesterday. She’d often wonder what her life would have been like if she’d gone to live with Winifred, her other Godmother, who had emigrated to Australia in 1938, convinced it would somehow be better. But now she’d met Peter, she was glad she’d stayed in England.
Finally they entered St Paul's Dean, and Peter explained that up until the war, the tiny village had been part of the Ashleigh family estate. But over time the residents had started to move away and find work in places like Portsmouth and Southampton and the rents stopped coming in. Lord Ashleigh had sold the properties to the local council and they were planning on knocking it all down and building one of those modern housing estates. Evie thought this terribly sad. She saw these places being knocked up all the time in London and to her they were ugly and charmless, and St Paul’s Dean was such a pretty village. It seemed such a shame to spoil it.
They passed the beautiful, compact church of St Paul’s, and began the descent into the valley where Barnham House stood. Evie caught a glimpse of a very tall palm tree stretching towards the sky, and she realised how close they were. This was the nearest Evie had ever come to the Paradise. When they were teenagers, she and Stephen would bring their bikes up here and look down at the house, speculating about what it would have been like when their mothers worked there. Later on, as she got a little older, when word started to spread around the village that Barnham House was going to be turned into an army hospital, Evie and her friend Wilma - who lived next door, would joke about getting jobs as auxiliary nurses just so they could meet soldiers. But the house never became a hospital and over time Evie’s ambitions became grander than marrying a serviceman. She wanted to be a top secretary and marry someone wealthy who could keep her in the manor she aspired to.
Now maybe Peter could finally give her what she wanted, and she was terrified. She got the feeling he was serious about her, and her whole future could possibly depend upon these next few days. It was vital she was on her best behaviour at all times, and didn’t get drunk; didn’t break anything, didn’t ask too many questions about her father, and refrained from going on about Daisy too much. Somehow it seemed inappropriate to keep reminding them that her mother was once a servant.
‘Just thought I'd let you know we'll be sleeping in separate rooms,’ Peter laughed. ‘There can be no shenanigans in front of the servants. They'll talk and if Grandfather gets wind, he’ll probably disinherit me.’
‘Because I'm common?’ Evie blurted out.
‘No! Because we're not married. I have to be on my best behaviour this weekend. In my grandparents' absence, I'm sort of head of the household and it’s expected of me to set an example.’
He reached across and gave Evie's knee a furtive squeeze.
‘Although I'm sure we can find some little nook or cranny where we can be alone for half an hour.’
They came to the end of a leafy lane, and there before them, at the bottom of a shallow valley was Paradise. The white house reminded Evie of Tara, Scarlett O’Hara’s house in Gone with the Wind. She remembered Aunt Priscilla telling her that one of the former Lady Ashleighs had been an American Belle from the Deep South, and she'd had the house painted white so it reminded her of home. Evie decided that if she was ever Lady of the Manor, she would have it restored to its former stone. The white paint cheapened it; and this, along with the tropical plants and palm trees that were so visible round the back of the house, made it look like a novelty. Evie didn't want her family home to become some sort of local attraction; a place for tourists to visit and gawp at. It was a house that had belonged to generations upon generations of Ashleighs, and she wanted it to look the part.
‘The poor old thing's looking a bit dilapidated,’ Peter smiled sadly. ‘I don't think Grandfather can find the finances to maintain it.’
‘But he's a Lord.’
‘So he may well be. But estates are expensive to maintain. We just don’t get the income like we once did. Most of the income now comes from my grandmother’s dowry.’
‘Even now? I thought dowries were paid when a girl first got married.’
‘Sometimes they are, but because Mormor is part of the Swedish royal family, and by marrying Grandfather she kept up the noble blood, a deal was struck between my great grandfathers. All of her inheritance goes into the upkeep of the estate.’ He laughed. ‘I reckon if I found myself a princess, I could have Paradise back to its former glory.’
‘And is that what you want to do?’ Evie uttered. ‘Find yourself a princess?’
He looked at her and burst out laughing.
‘Your face!’ he chuckled. ‘Of course I don’t. Quite frankly I’d be happy to open the house up to visitors six months of the year. I often get letters from very nice ladies from the National Trust offering to become involved in the upkeep and running of the house. But Grandfather won’t hear anything of it. He’d rather it went to ruin than let the general public snoop around our gardens, taking cuttings of Mormor’s plants, and dropping cigarette butts on the grass.’
‘So that's the sort of thing you'll do when you inherit it.’
‘Definitely. The family money has dwindled over the years Evie, and we need some way of pulling in the pounds.  If it proved profitable I’d open it up to the public all year round, perhaps just keeping one wing for myself. I’d happily live up in London for most of the year. I never have been a country bumpkin.’
Peter’s plans horrified Evie. How could he be so mercenary about his family home? A family home he was only getting by default because his poor uncle had died. She wanted to berate him for his ingratitude. But it wasn’t her place, and so she had to bite her tongue.
‘So apart from your grandmother’s money, how else does your grandfather get income?’ she asked.
‘Mainly farming. There are about ten farms within a twenty mile radius that belong to the estate. There's also an Orchard behind the tropical gardens. The apples from that bring a healthy return. In fact, last year, I persuaded an old school chum of mine who’s set to inherit Bradwell’s Brewery to use the apples in their cider. That should net us a healthy profit.’
Soon they were pulling up on the gravel drive in front of the house, and Evie couldn't help but look up in awe at the massive building. She thought about her father growing up here. Her mother coming to work here as a young girl. How poky their house in Pimlico must have seemed compared to this palace.
The huge, black front door opened with a creek, and from it emerged a middle-aged woman wearing a grey dress with a white pinny over the top. Next to her was an older man who, judging by his pristine black and white suit and stony expression, was the butler. They stood patiently, hands behind their backs, while Peter stopped the car.
‘Who's that?’ Evie asked.
‘That's Mrs Roman, the housekeeper and Simms, the butler. Mrs Roman probably knew your mother. She worked here as a maid when she was a teenager.’
Suddenly the housekeeper became the most interesting person in the vicinity, and Evie was determined to talk to her at some point. She so longed to hear about what Daisy was like as a young girl, and maybe she could discreetly find out if she knew anything about Daisy's friendship with William.
The butler came over to the car and opened the door for Peter, who thanked him and got out. Simms then walked round to the other side and opened Evie's door. She thanked him and tried to get out as demurely as possible.
‘Hello Mrs R,’ Peter said to the housekeeper. ‘How are you?’
‘Very well thank you sir,’ she replied politely. ‘I trust you had a safe journey?’
‘Fine, except for getting caught up in some roadworks just outside Kingston. But still, can't complain.’
When Simms had finished taking the two suitcases from the boot of the car, Peter threw him the car keys.
‘Put the car in the garage for me will you Simms?’ he asked. ‘I'll take the cases in.’
‘If you're sure sir.’
Peter picked up the cases turned to Mrs Roman.
‘Mrs R, this is Evelyn Wallis. Evie, this is Mrs Roman, our wonderful housekeeper. I'll take my case up to my room. Mrs R perhaps you could show Evie where she's staying.’
‘Certainly sir.’
She turned and walked into the house, and Peter and Evie followed. Evie thought her heart was going to burst out of her chest as she stepped over the threshold into the lobby. It was absolutely beautiful - with a black and white chequered floor, a curved staircase and above them hung a beautiful and elaborate crystal chandelier. Evie wondered if it was ever part of her mother's duties to clean it, and if so what a hellish job it would be.
‘I've put Miss Wallis in the Bird Room,’ Mrs Roman said, heading up the stairs. Evie and Peter followed, and as she went, Evie took in the portraits of grand looking people that lined the wall and guessed they were members of the Ashleigh family - her family.
‘Who else has arrived Mrs R?’ Peter called from behind.
‘Miss Claudia came last night. And I had a telephone call about an hour ago from Mr Cray saying he would be arriving with his friends soon.’
They reached the next floor and Evie followed Mrs Roman to the end of the hallway, wondering what sort of room awaited her. Mrs Roman opened the door and they stepped inside. The room was large and airy, with a huge window letting in the glorious sunshine. Evie could see where it got its name from, as the wallpaper had swallows all over it. The bed was four-poster and there was an en-suite bathroom. Peter put Evie’s case on the bed and thanked Mrs Roman. The housekeeper then left the room, and Peter took Evie’s hands and pulled her to him, kissing her on the nose.
‘What do you think of the old pile?’ he asked.
‘It’s beautiful,’ she replied. ‘This room is wonderful.’
‘It used to belong to my uncle,’ he said. ‘But when he died, Mormor refused to keep it like some sort of shrine and decided to use it as a guest room instead.’
Evie thought it ironic that she would be staying in her father’s room. It made her feel close to him and she was glad the housekeeper had chosen to put her in there.
‘I’d better go and unpack,’ Peter said. ‘How about I ask cook to put together some sandwiches and things and we have a picnic out in the gardens?’
‘Sounds fantastic.’
‘Okay. Well I’ll meet you down in the lobby in half an hour.’
After kissing her once more, Peter took his case and left the room, shutting the door behind him. Evie headed straight for the wardrobe - somehow hoping it would be filled with William's clothes, even though Peter had said the room hadn’t been kept as a shrine. Indeed all that filled the large oak cupboard were hangers, swinging blindly from the vibration of Evie opening the door.
She then went over to the chest of drawers beside the bed and opened each drawer - once again feeling disappointed when she saw they were empty. Just as she went to shut the bottom drawer, something caught her eye, in the far corner the initials 'WA' had been scratched in it, and she realised her father had done this. It made her feel strange. For the first fifteen years of her life she’d been led to believe her father was called Walter Wallis - a man her mother had been briefly married to before he’d had an accident and died.   Then suddenly, as well as losing her mother, she was told that her actual father was called William Ashleigh and he was a member of the aristocracy. Daisy had always been reluctant to talk about Walter, and Evie realised it was because she’d never met him.
But William was real. He'd enjoyed a teenage romance with her mother and they’d been cruelly parted because she became pregnant for Evie. She often wondered if they saw each other again after her birth. By all accounts William had relocated to America as a young man, and stayed there until the Second World War. That was all Aunt Priscilla knew, but Evie was desperate to find out more. Like why William never married or had any more children? Surely he wasn't keeping himself true to Daisy when he hadn't seen her for so long? If he was that in love with her, he'd have made an effort to see her, or even been like King Edward the Eighth and given up his title for her.
Evie didn't know how she was going to do it, but she was determined to use this stay in Barnham House as an opportunity to find out as much as she could about her father. William may have been dead for fifteen years, but he’d been a vital part of the Ashleigh family and she was sure they wouldn’t go out of their way to erase him from their memories. This place had to be filled with keepsakes of him, and Evie wondered if she would be able to get away with taking something.
Quickly putting her clothes away, she changed into a yellow sundress and went down to the lobby, where she found Peter standing beneath the bend in the stairs, engaged in conversation with a young girl. As Evie came closer, she saw the girl was petite with long auburn hair hanging over her shoulders and her fringe rolled back. She was wearing a bright red bathing suit and unusual shaped sunglasses. She looked like something from an American film, and Evie wondered who the hell she was.
Peter looked up at Evie and smiled.
‘Here she is,’ he beamed. ‘Evie, come and meet the birthday girl.’
Evie realised this must be Claudia and was surprised to see she was not the innocent-looking seventeen year old she’d envisaged. She'd imagined some blonde-haired Deb in a taffeta frock.
The girl raised her polka dot sunglasses and appraised Evie with big, smoky grey eyes. Pursing her bright red lips in contempt.
‘Hello,’ was all she said.
‘Claudia, this is Evie Wallis, my girlfriend,’ Peter said, putting his arm around Evie's shoulder. ‘Evie, this is Claudia Bailey, my cousin.’
‘Nice to meet you Claudia,’ Evie said politely.
‘Yes, and you,’ Claudia replied. She then looked at Peter. ‘I'm going out sunbathing. Make me a drink won't you?’
With that, she turned and sauntered through the lobby towards the back of the house. Her bare feet creating damp foot prints on the parquet floor.
‘Claudia seems to know what she wants,’ Evie quipped.
‘She's always been like that,’ Peter replied. ‘Aunt Imelda married a terrible cad called Trevor Bailey when she was eighteen. Just before war broke out, he found he could make more money in Germany and he switched sides shall we say? Left Smelly….’
‘Smelly?’
‘Family name for Aunt Imelda. She was left alone with Claudia and she's been spoilt ever since. Whenever Smelly's gone off around the world following some beau, she’s left Claudia with our grandparents and they’ve never been able to cope with her, so they’ve given her whatever she wanted.’
He suddenly grasped Evie's hands and turned her to face him.
‘Anyway,’ he smiled. ‘Enough about my family and their secrets. I want to show you something. I asked Mrs R to dig it out. Come with me.’
He pulled her into the room nearest to them, which Evie found was a fairly small, musty-smelling study with lots of dark furniture and shelves lining the walls crammed with what looked like first editions of books. A Davenport desk with its flap down was close to the window, and it was to this that Peter directed Evie.
‘Look at this,’ he said. ‘Mrs R informs me that my grandparents once had this photographer to stay called Sven Carlsson. Apparently he wanted to capture all aspects of life in the house and that included the servants. Look.’
Evie saw it was indeed a book laying open on the flap of the desk, and it was open at a large photograph of a young girl. She stood beside a washing line, upon which she was hanging a sheet. She smiled at the camera, the sun shining on her fair hair. It didn't take Evie a second to recognise that pretty, smiling face; and seeing her mother as an innocent young girl made her catch her breath and let out an involuntary sob.
‘That's my mum,’ she uttered.
‘Apparently all the other maids were jealous because Daisy got a page to herself. Mrs R reckoned old Sven was quite taken with her. But according to Mrs R, most men were.
‘My mum was very pretty.’
‘So I can see. Her daughter takes after her.’
Evie smiled and reached out, taking Peter's hand.
‘Thank you for finding this.’
‘It's yours,’ he replied. He closed the book and Evie saw it was called 'Stately Homes of England'. Peter handed it to her. ‘I want you to keep it.’
‘Do you mean it?’ she gasped. ‘I don't have any photos of mum. They were all destroyed when the house got bombed.’
‘Then you must have that. As a keepsake of your stay here, and something to remember her by.’
Evie took her book with her as they went out for their picnic. Even though she’d heard all about the tropical gardens, nothing prepared her for what greeted her eyes as she and Peter stepped through the French doors. Claudia was lying on the decking, sunning herself; and as Peter passed her a glass of lemonade, Evie stood and took in what lay before her. She thought about her great-great grandmother, the American belle who had designed all this just to make her feel more at home. While painting the house white had been rather tacky, these gardens were absolutely wonderful. Palm trees as tall as the block in which Evie lived, stretched towards the sky; and as she and Peter walked along, spiky palms brushed against her skin. Peter told her to keep an eye out for one of his grandfather's Parrots as they often flew down to check out visitors and this made her feel childishly excited.
In the depth of the jungle was a clearing with a little man-made waterfall that was no more than five foot high. It pumped out fresh-looking water into a small brook that ran below it; and as Peter laid the blanket on the grass clearing next to it, he explained that the brook was a natural spring and part of it ran beneath the house and under the rest of the grounds out to the South Downs - where parts of it would bubble up to the surface and surprise people.
‘Where does it finish?’ Evie asked.
‘The sea as far as we're aware.’
The clearing was quite cold, and as Evie looked up, she saw it was canopied by tall trees that arched above them - their leaves touching tentatively as they met. Sunlight dappled through the gaps, but not enough to make it feel warm. Evie was glad she'd put a little cardigan on over her sundress.
‘I don't think I've ever seen anywhere so beautiful,’ she said. ‘This place looks as though it should be in Africa or something.’
‘It was a novelty as a child,’ he replied. ‘But I take it for granted now. I like to bring visitors though.’ He smiled. ‘See their reaction.’
‘It seems such a shame to let tourists tramp through here, ruining it.’
‘We need to make money old girl. As you can now see, a place like this would need a lot of looking after.’
‘Don't you ever imagine what would have happened if your Uncle William had married and had a son? None of this would be yours.’
‘It'd be a blessing in disguise to be honest Evie. Sometimes the place feels like a millstone. I like London life. I’d get bored if I was stuck here all the time.’
Evie kept quiet but thought to herself that if he'd led the sort of London life she had, he wouldn't have been so keen to dismiss this place. How idyllic it would be to live here - even maybe raise a family. She often wondered if she was getting too old to think about having children, but there was something about this wonderful house that gave her hope and made her think anything was possible. Her children would be the true heirs to the estate and it only seemed right they lived here.
‘Why did he never marry?’ she dared to ask. ‘After all, he must have had so much to offer.’
‘Never found the right girl I suppose,’ Peter said with a shake of the head. ‘Uncle William was too much of a loose cannon I suppose one could say. One could never really imagine him settling down.  I think domesticity would have bored him.’
Peter opened the picnic hamper, and Evie could see it was filled with sandwiches wrapped in greaseproof paper. There was a tin of biscuits and a bottle of champagne and two tin mugs.
‘Champagne in a mug!’ Evie laughed. ‘How funny.’
‘Mormor would have my guts for garters if I broke one of her champagne glasses,’ Peter laughed. ‘So I thought tin mugs would suffice.’
The tin kept the champagne strangely cool, and the ham sandwiches cook had made were delicious. The alcohol went straight to Evie’s head and she found herself feeling giggly and light-hearted. She leaned across the blanket and kissed Peter on the lips – positive that no one would be able to see them.
‘That was nice,’ he smiled.
‘It’s awfully private here,’ she said.
‘Evelyn!’ he gasped. ‘What are you suggesting?’
‘No one would find us.’
‘You are kidding aren’t you? If any of the other guests arrive, Mrs R will tell them where we are.’
Evie took hold of his hand, playing with his big fingers, twisting round the signet ring that was on his left pinkie.
‘We’re not going to get any time alone this weekend,’ she pouted.
Peter took her hand and brought it to his lips.
‘I will find a way for us to be together my dear Evie,’ he smiled. ‘Just leave it with me.’
As if on cue, there was the sound of footsteps and rustling leaves. From out of the foliage, Stephen, Adam and Abe emerged - all laughing as they fought off bits of greenery.
‘The housekeeper said you’d be here,’ Stephen said, and Evie noticed Peter glance at her with a knowing smile.
‘Come and sit down old chap,’ Peter said. ‘We have plenty of food to go round.’
The three men all came and sat on the blanket, and it became quite cramped. Evie was a little annoyed that her time alone with Peter had been interrupted by her step-brother and his friends. But what could she say? Peter had invited them and it was his house.
‘We only brought two mugs,’ Peter said. ‘Do you want me to go back into the house and get some more?’
‘I'll go,’ Evie said. ‘Where do I go when I get inside?’
‘By the French doors you'll find a pulley. Tug that and Mrs Roman will come and find you. And get some more champers while you’re at it.’
Evie left the men and went back into the house. As she passed Claudia on the decking, she saw that she’d turned onto her front and had fallen asleep. A large red patch was burning onto her back, and as Evie went to walk off her conscience stopped her. She knelt by the sleeping girl and saw her head was to one side, her lips squashed against the blanket she was lying on. Up close, Evie could see how soft her skin was and how babyish she actually looked. In some ways she reminded Evie of herself when she was seventeen - in a hurry to grow up and thinking she was far more sophisticated and worldly than she actually was.
‘Claudia,’ she said, tapping the girl on the shoulder. ‘Claudia your back is burning.’
Claudia grumbled and opened her eyes, looking a little startled to be greeted with Evie. Then it came back to her and she smiled slightly, lifting her head.
‘What is it?’ she mumbled.
‘You fell asleep and your back is burning,’ Evie said.
Claudia tried to move, and winced.
‘You're right,’ she said. ‘I'd better go inside. Thanks.’
Evie left her to sort herself out and went into the house. She looked for the pulley beside the door and found it behind a curtain. Giving it a tug, she waited patiently until she heard footsteps, and from a side door, Mrs Roman appeared.
‘Can I help you Miss?’ she asked, and Evie was sure her tone was one of annoyance and not how a member of staff should address a guest.
‘Yes I was wondering if we could have another bottle of champagne and some glasses or mugs.’
‘Follow me.’  She turned and headed from where she'd come and Evie felt rather surprised that she was expected to go into the Servants' quarters. She'd seen enough old films to know that wasn't how it was done. But even so, she did as she was instructed and followed Mrs Roman down the polished, wooden stairs to the floor below. They stepped into a long corridor with doors off it, and as Mrs Roman walked along, she tapped the door of one of the rooms she passed.
‘That used to be your mother's room,’ she said.
‘Really?’ Evie asked. ‘Can I have a look?’
‘It's empty now,’ Mrs Roman said, opening the door. ‘Only me and Mr Simms sleep here in the house. The rest of the staff come in during the day.’
Evie stepped into a little poky room that looked more like a prison cell, with its dull, beige walls and solitary window high up in the wall. She wondered how it must have felt for her mother, spending her day serving up in that grand house, and coming to sleep in this tiny hole at night.
‘Your mother told me you were being adopted,’ Mrs Roman suddenly said.
‘What?’ Evie gasped.
‘I went to see Daisy the week after you were born and she told me you were going to be adopted. Does Master Peter know you're a bastard?’
‘Would you not talk to me like that?’ Evie snapped. ‘I'm a guest in this house.’
‘When he was giving me this fairy tale about how his girlfriend's mother was a maid here called Daisy, and she left when she was widowed to go off and have her baby, I wondered what the hell he was talking about.  Daisy West wasn't even married when she left here. She went to live with Priscilla Bryant the governess and her husband. Then a letter came for her, and I took it to Priscilla's house and found you there. Daisy reckoned she was going to have you adopted.’
‘This really isn't any of your business,’ Evie said, going to walk past her. Mrs Roman put her arm out to stop her.
‘But it is. This family have been kind to me. When my Bob died in the war, they took me back in as housekeeper, and I owe them my loyalty. If you're some little con artist, trying to wheedle your way in to nick things, it’s my duty to tell them the truth.’
‘I’m doing no such thing? How can I tell Peter the truth about myself? He'd never believe me.’
‘What? That you're the daughter of a little scrubber who couldn't even tell me the name of your father?’
Evie was glad she hadn't said any more. She didn't know how much Mrs Roman knew about Daisy and William; and judging by this, it was very little.
‘My mother brought me up believing my father was called Walter Wallis and that he died before I was born. It was only when she died that the truth came out and I discovered I was illegitimate. So I told Peter the original story. Is that such a sin? I really like him and I know he wouldn't want me if he knew the truth.’
‘Well I'll be keeping my eye on you Missy. Your mother was always looking out for the main chance and I've no reason to believe you're any different.’
‘Can you please stop being disrespectful to my mother. She's long dead and can't defend herself.’
‘I see a lot of her in you and I don't trust you. I'm going to be watching you Evelyn and don’t you forget it.’
Chapter Six

Mrs Roman and her threats jarred Evie, and even as they gathered for dinner she couldn’t shake off the feeling that everything was going to go wrong. Tomorrow was Claudia’s party, and the house would be filled with guests; but tonight it was just an intimate dinner for Evie, Peter, Stephen, Adam, Abe and Claudia. Evie should have been looking forward to it, but as she sat at the dining table in the smaller banqueting room, she couldn’t help but feel bad. Stephen, her darling step-brother who she loved so much, who was currently regaling the room with his tales of his American travels, didn’t even know the truth about her. Like everyone else, he thought her father was called Walter Wallis and that Daisy had been widowed before Evie’s birth. Occasionally Evie thought about telling him the truth, but now they were here in Paradise it seemed such a shame to do anything to jeopardise it.
‘I do apologise for my cousin’s lateness,’ Peter said as he poured them all a glass of sweet white wine. ‘Claudia is probably spending forever choosing her outfit.’
Evie surreptitiously glanced down at herself and wondered if the blue shift dress she was wearing was adequate. She wasn't quite sure what was worn at an informal dinner in a stately home; and after Mrs Roman's lecture, she felt even more self-conscious. If she stood a chance of marrying Peter, the housekeeper would have to go. She couldn't have her hanging around threatening to tell the truth and ruining Evie's life. Peter could never choose a bastard for the future Lady Ashleigh; and the longer Evie stayed in this beautiful house, the more she wanted to make it her home.
‘When are Tony and Clare arriving?’ Abe asked, although Evie guessed he was probably more interested in when Clare would be coming to the house, than her brother.
‘Tomorrow morning as far as I know,’ Peter said.
‘This sure is quite a house,’ Abe said, glancing round at the family portraits, highly valuable ornaments and the crystal chandelier above them. ‘And one day it'll all be yours.’
‘Umm,’ Peter said un-enthusiastically. ‘And all the responsibility that goes with it.’
‘You know I grew up on a plantation like this,’ Abe said. ‘Course we didn't live in the house, we lived in a shack in the grounds.’
‘Were your parents servants?’ Evie asked, feeling empathy for him.
‘My momma was the housekeeper. Poppa worked at a gasoline station in town.’
He was interrupted by the dining room door opening and Claudia entering. She looked quite the thing in a tight red velvet, strapless floor-length gown and black evening gloves. Her auburn hair was piled on top of her head, showing off her long, slender neck, and she was wearing far too much smoky eye make-up. Evie had seen so many girls like Claudia over the years, but they’d always been much older, and usually the mistress of some wealthy, powerful and dangerous man. She was a little in awe of someone who was barely older than a child and yet so self-assured.
‘Don't you think you're a little over-dressed Claud?’ Peter chuckled. ‘This is only an informal gathering.’
‘I've been waiting to wear this dress for ages,’ she replied calmly. ‘I'm not wearing it to my party, so I'm wearing it tonight.’
‘It's a beautiful gown Claudia,’ Evie said, and as Claudia sat beside her, she noticed the red sunburn just peeping over the top. ‘You look lovely.’
‘Thank you Evie,’ Claudia replied.
Evie's heart sank when the door opened and Mrs Roman walked in with their starters. Evie had been rather hoping a maid would be serving. But she remembered what the housekeeper had said about the staff only working during the day.
‘The vichyssoise you requested sir,’ she said, laying a large silver bowl in the middle of the immaculately laid table. ‘Would you like me to serve?’
‘We'll be fine thank you Mrs R,’ Peter said.
‘Thank you sir,’ she said, backing out of the room. But before she closed the door, she looked at Evie and narrowed her eyes.
Peter lifted the lid off the pot and gave the soup a stir with the ivory handled ladle.
‘Help yourselves,’ he said.
‘I had visions of a fleet of servants attending to our every whim,’ Adam said with a little laugh. ‘You know, like in the movies.’
‘Once upon a time, maybe,’ Peter lamented. ‘Unfortunately, we only get extra staff in if there's a special occasion. The rest of the staff, apart from Mrs R and Simms, go home of an evening.’
They all helped themselves to a bowl of soup, and sipped it silently. Evie hated vichyssoise, and always felt it tasted like cold sick. But she knew she had to remain polite and eat it. She looked across the table and noticed that Abe was hardly touching his soup, and was just tentatively stirring it.
‘Are you okay Abe?’ Peter asked.
‘I don't mean to be rude sir,’ Abe said quietly. ‘But this soup is cold.’
‘It's meant to be cold!’ Claudia said with a giggle that seemed to come from nowhere. She looked at Peter and pouted. ‘Why did you ask Mrs Roman to make this when we have guests from America?’ She looked across the table at Abe and the smile she gave him was so dazzling, it almost knocked Evie for six. ‘I'm guessing Abe would prefer something like chowder.’
‘You know about our cooking?’ Abe smiled, obviously impressed.
‘My mother and I stayed with the De Beauvior family in Georgia for a while, back in '51. Mrs De Beauvior's maid had a daughter the same age as me and we became chums.’ She looked around the table and smiled smugly. ‘Much to Mrs De Beauvoir’s chagrin of course.’	Evie suddenly realised that the reason behind Claudia's sudden animation was that she was attracted to Abe. Evie laughed to herself when she imagined Claudia and Clare spatting it out over him. It would certainly liven up the party.
‘Are you at school Claudia?’ Adam asked.
‘Yes,’ she sighed. ‘I start finishing school in September. It's going to be so tediously dull.’ She looked at Evie. ‘Did you go to finishing school?’
‘Er, no,’ Evie replied. ‘I didn't.’
‘Good for you. It's just a glorified factory for pumping out the wives of diplomats and boring men. I don't want to marry someone dreary, who doesn't appreciate me. I want to marry for love.’
She took a sip of her soup and looked across at the three male guests.
‘Are any of you married?’ she asked, although Evie got the feeling the question was directed more at Abe.
‘No ma'am,’ Abe said. ‘We're all footloose and fancy-free.’
‘Well I'm sure there'll be a girl for each of you at my party tomorrow.’
‘That reminds me Abe, old chap,’ Peter said. ‘Remember, no flirting with the fragrant Miss Woodward-Jones tomorrow. Tony is terribly protective of his sister.’
‘A bigot more like,’ Evie said under her breath.
‘Evelyn,’ Stephen said in a warning tone of voice.
‘I can't stand him,’ Evie protested. ‘He was so rude when he told me to stop Abe and Clare talking to each other.’
‘Clare Woodward-Jones is a dog!’ Claudia suddenly announced.
‘Claudia!’ Peter snapped. ‘Don't be so rude.’
‘Is she still fat and wearing braces on her teeth?’
‘No, she's a very beautiful girl actually. She's hoping to become a model.’
‘Well I've been asked to model lots of times,’ Claudia pouted. ‘In fact, I might take them up on it rather than go to finishing school’
Evie stifled her laughter under her breath. Despite the sexy clothes and confident air, Claudia was actually a silly little girl with a crush on Abe; and she was clearly jealous of Clare Woodward-Jones who was a little older and no doubt more sophisticated and likely to catch his eye. Evie remembered being seventeen oh too well. Thinking she was grown up and yet being scared of the real world in so many ways.
‘So are you chaps planning on staying over here?’ Peter asked Adam and Abe. ‘There are plenty of publications that I'm sure would take you on.’
‘I've been offered a job on Mister Magazine,’ Adam said. ‘I'll probably take it, but I do kind of like England. Perhaps I should stay here instead.’
Evie wondered if she was the only person who noticed the sideways glance he gave to Stephen, indicating that he was the reason Adam was reluctant to return to the United States.
‘What about you Abe?’ Claudia jumped in to ask. ‘Are you going back to America?’
‘I sure am. I've got a job with the New York Times. I guess it's quite radical what they're doing. They want me to be their African American correspondent. I'll be reporting on things that are going on Down South. There are quite a few folks in New York and Washington who want to change how things are back home.’
‘America’s such a curious country,’ Peter said. ‘Different laws in different states.’
‘When we were in Georgia, the Negroes were almost kept like animals,’ Claudia said. ‘They seemed to be out in the field most of the time, and even the ones who worked in the house, were barely allowed to talk to us. And yet when we sailed from New York, there were Negroes everywhere doing all kinds of jobs. Far fairer if you ask me. Is that why you went to New York Abe?’
‘Kinda,’ he said, and Evie could see by the pained expression upon his face, he wasn't comfortable talking about this. ‘But I'm not sure this is the place for that story.’
The door opened and Mrs Roman came in with a hostess trolley; and as she put the dirty plates onto it, Evie wondered how she would get the trolley downstairs to the kitchen. Once she had gone, she looked at Peter.
‘How will Mrs Roman take the trolley down to the kitchen?’ she asked.
‘There's a little lift at the back of the house. It's only big enough for goods, not for people.’ He paused and looked around at his guests.  ‘Why don't I take you all on a guided tour tomorrow?’ he suggested. ‘There are rooms in this house that haven't been used for years.’
‘I’ve seen it all before,’ Claudia yawned.
‘Yes, you have. But the others haven’t.’
‘I'll still come,’ she pouted. ‘It's not as though I’ve anything else to do.’

After dinner, Peter suggested they take a bottle of whiskey and go out onto the decking. It was a balmy night and the tropical plants just seemed to add to the atmosphere. Evie wondered how Claudia avoided sweating and looking a mess in her tight-fitting, velvet dress. Evie could feel her clothes sticking to her in that unbearable way they did when there was a storm brewing, and she longed to slip into something lighter. She and Peter sat together in the swing seat that felt rather unbalanced, and she was worried it was going to fall over. Claudia sat on a bench, and her face lit up when Abe sat next to her, even if he did leave a two foot gap between them! Stephen and Adam sat together on a sun lounger, and Evie noticed how their bodies were practically touching. No one else knew about Stephen, and she'd only found out because back when they were teenagers she'd found him in the woods behind their house, kissing Robert, the vicar's son. Stephen had sworn her to secrecy and she'd never told a soul. It was his business, and her only advice to him was to be careful, because he could be arrested for it.
After moving to London, and mixing in the circles she did, Evie took homosexuality for granted. A lot of the Soho club owners were gay, and even a few of the female dancers had girlfriends who resembled squaddies. Evie had the attitude that as long as no-one was getting hurt, who's business was it what people got up to in bed?
Peter poured them each a glass of whiskey, and they settled back and enjoyed a companionable silence; listening to the sweet sound of the night birds chirping, and the flap of the bat’s wings as they flew. Evie closed her eyes and breathed it all in; thinking how much she loved this place. In the house it felt like the heart of England, But outside it was how she imagined some far away, tropical isle to be. No wonder it was called Paradise. Why would anyone want to live anywhere else?
‘You were going to tell us how you got to New York,’ Claudia said to Abe, and Evie opened her eyes and saw that Abe wore that same uncomfortable expression.
‘I don't think Abe wants to talk about it Claud,’ Peter said. ‘Just drop it.’
‘No it's okay,’ Abe said. ‘As long as you folks don't mind listening. It's not a nice story.’
‘You're among friends,’ Claudia said, laying a tentative hand upon Abe's arm. ‘Tell us.’
‘Okay,’ he sighed. ‘Well my momma's employers, the Rivers were decent, as much as folks like them can be. But their son Jed was a tearaway. He was always getting into trouble, and Mr Rivers was always having to pay the judge off to stop him going to jail. Anyway, Jed started running with the Klan and causing all sort of bother for us black folks. He even spat at my momma one day. Anyhow, as I told you, my poppa worked at the gas station, and one day Mrs Garvey, the Governor's wife reckoned one of the Negro attendants had spilled gasoline on her shoe and refused to clean it off. Rumours spread that it was my poppa and soon there was a lynch mob out for him. He went on the run, but the Klan found him and they lynched him.’
‘What's that?’ Claudia asked.
‘They hanged him,’ Peter said. ‘Sorry Abe, do carry on.’
‘Mr and Mrs Rivers sure were sorry for us, and they even let Momma take some time off to go visit my Aunt Ruth in Arkansas. When we came back Mr Rivers started asking Momma about me. He'd found out I was doing well at school, and wanted to know what I wanted to do when I grew up. Momma mentioned I was real good at writing and Mr Rivers said that he was friends with the Principal of New York University and he could arrange it for me to sit the entrance exams, and if I got in, he'd pay all my fees. So I sat the exams and I got in to study journalism. Momma thought Mr Rivers had done it because he felt sorry for us; but a few weeks after I started at the university, Gus Jackson, a black fellow who worked on our land, was accused of hurting a young white lady, and they went to lynch him, but the police got to them in time. One of the men they arrested was Jed Rivers. Momma thinks that Mr Rivers knew Jed was one of the ones who killed Poppa, so if he was nice to me, she wouldn't be able to accuse him.’
‘That's horrible,’ Peter winced. ‘Did they go to prison?’
‘Only one of them. The others just got told off or had a curfew put on them. Jed's still walking free. I want to earn enough money to be able to buy Momma a little apartment in New York to get her away from there. It worries me that she's still there without me to protect her.’
‘Makes one glad to be English,’ Claudia declared. ‘At least we don't have the Ku Klux Klan.’
‘We've got the Teddy Boys,’ Evie said. ‘I've seen them smashing the windows of houses belonging to Jamaican families in Notting Hill. It's disgraceful.’
‘Anyway,’ Peter said, banging his hands upon his knees. ‘Let's talk about happier things. Who have you invited to your party Claudia?’
As Claudia reeled off a list of very posh-sounding names, Evie sat back and thought about her life. It was true, violence was rife in Notting Hill, and there were always rumours going around that the blacks were going to start retaliating and there would be riots. The thought of being caught up in it all terrified her, and she couldn’t help but think how perfect it would be never to return to any of that and remain here in Paradise. She had no roots; nothing in London to call her back. She could pack up and move anywhere, and this was the place she wanted to be.
In a moment of madness, Evie considered leaving her cap out next time she slept with Peter. But she guessed Peter wouldn't want the future Lady Ashleigh to waddle down the aisle. He’d more than likely pay her off or fix her up in some poky flat somewhere. Evie wanted it all done properly. She wanted the big, white wedding, the lot. Then once she was ensconced in this beautiful house and living the life she was born for, she would be the best wife Peter could possibly want.

Chapter Seven

Evie found her first night at Barnham House a difficult one. Trying to sleep in a huge, half-empty house in the middle of acres of land was hard after so many years of living in London and never getting any true peace and quiet.  She found the silence disturbing and even when she did drift off to sleep in the early hours, she was awoken again by a commotion coming from outside. She went to the window, and on looking out, saw a van parked outside with the words ‘Stamp of London’ written on the side.  Stamps was a fancy department store, like Harrods, and Evie guessed they were here to deliver things for Claudia’s party.
Getting back into bed, Evie tried to sleep, but the activity downstairs kept waking her up. People were arriving and things were being delivered, and in the end, the only way she could get any sleep at all, was by wrapping a pillow around her head. She was then awoken by a knock on the door, and when she called for the person to come in, and she saw it was Mrs Roman, her heart sank a little, wondering what malice she’d come to spread now.
‘It's not really the done thing to lounge in bed when you're the guest in someone's house,’ she snapped, going over to the window and opening the curtains without even asking Evie's permission.  ‘The Master requests your company in the breakfast room.’
‘Could you at least allow me to get dressed before opening the curtains?’ Evie said.
‘No-one's going to see you from up here. Still, I remember always having to wake your mother up because she couldn't get out of bed.’
Evie went to say something to Mrs Roman - she was sick of her sniping and being rude about Daisy. But this woman held all the cards. If she told Peter the truth, it would ruin everything.
Once Mrs Roman had finished flooding the room with light, she left without saying a word. After smarting for a moment, Evie got up and washed and dressed. As she sat at the dressing table, brushing her hair and pinning it up, she fantasised about moving in here as the future Lady Ashleigh. She would make it her first job to sack Mrs Roman. After all, what could the current Lady Ashleigh say about it? Peter was the heir to the estate, and as his wife, Evie would have a right to say who worked there. She was sure there was some nice woman in Haslemere who would be happy to do the job, and it would give Evie great pleasure to watch Mrs Roman leaving with her tail between her legs.
The breakfast room was a conservatory-type room built into the corner of the house. The back wall was entirely made of glass, and through it, the tropical gardens could be seen clearly.  At the large round table in the middle of the brightly-lit room sat Peter, Stephen, Abe, Adam, and to Evie's dismay they had been joined by Tony and Clare Woodward-Jones. Serving them was a little maid Evie didn't recognise, and she realised that Peter had employed extra staff to work this special weekend, and that was who she'd heard arriving earlier on.
‘Here she is,’ Peter said, wiping his mouth with the napkin and standing up. ‘Good morning Evie darling.’
‘Good morning,’ she replied, stepping up to him and allowing him to kiss her upon the cheek. Peter sat back down and patted the seat next to him.
‘Come and sit down,’ he said. ‘You look wonderful today.’
Evie could hardly agree. Her rather dowdy sundress made from an old pair of curtains with sunflowers on, could hardly compare to Clare and her beautiful white dress made of broderie anglaise. Her hair was pulled into a severe ponytail that showed her exquisite bone structure, and Evie couldn’t help but think how much more suited to the role of Lady Ashleigh she would be.
‘Where's Claudia?’ Evie asked as she sat down.
‘Probably choosing the right outfit to wear,’ Adam quipped, tucking into his grapefruit.
‘So what's on the itinerary for today old chap?’ Tony asked, rubbing his hands together.
‘Well I thought I'd take everyone on a guided tour of the house. We as a family use so little of it, and there are hundreds of rooms that are just left standing. In fact, I don’t think anyone’s explored the old wing since before the war. Of course, if you want to skip that and play some tennis, or just sunbathe, feel free. We’re here to enjoy ourselves, not behave like tourists.’
‘I may have a game later,’ Clare said. ‘If anyone wants to play.’
‘Abe'll play you,’ Adam said, hitting his friend on the back. ‘He played tennis for his college, didn't you Abraham?’
‘A little,’ Abe replied modestly.
‘He's got trophies for it,’ Adam said ‘Don’t get taken in by that humble act.’
‘I'm sure after a tour round the house. Clare will be too tired to think about tennis,’ Tony said, doing nothing to hide the distaste in his voice. ‘Besides, we'll need to prepare for the party.’
‘I rather think that's my decision, don't you?’ Clare bristled. ‘I do wish you'd stop speaking for me.’
The atmosphere was broken by the door opening and Claudia entering. She looked almost indecent in a black and white bandeau top and a pair of very short red shorts - her hair tied in child-like bunches.
‘Do you think that's appropriate Claud?’ Peter asked. ‘We're not going to the beach.’
‘It's about eighty out there already,’ Claudia said, fetching some toast from the counter at the side. ‘I'm sweltering.’  She plonked herself down next to Abe, and Evie noticed Clare's expression tighten. She clearly wasn't happy with the competition for Abe's attention.
‘Well I think Claudia looks lovely,’ Tony said, his eyes lighting up somewhat. ‘Why, when I last saw you, you were in your school uniform.’
‘She still is at school,’ Peter said. ‘She's going to finishing school in September. And they won't appreciate her dressing like that.’
Evie felt rather sorry for Claudia. She was just a young girl experimenting with her style; but because of her class and status she was expected to behave and dress like a forty year old. Claudia had a lovely figure and the confidence to wear the clothes, and Evie didn't see what was so wrong with her making the most of her looks.

After breakfast was finished, everyone returned to their rooms to freshen up before meeting again in the lobby, ready for Peter’s tour. Evie and Peter were the last to leave the breakfast room, and as Evie mounted the stairs and turned the corner of the corridor where her room was, she found Abe and Clare outside Abe's room, their heads close together like they were conspiring. Clare was the first to spot Evie and pulled away quickly, smiling nervously.
‘We were just planning our tennis match this afternoon,’ she said quickly. ‘I hope you'll watch.’
‘Of course,’ Evie said, playing along. ‘Should be good fun. And I can top up my tan in the process.’

Peter took them to the East Wing, and as they made their way there, he explained that this was always considered the ancient part of the house. The heavy stone contrasted with the white of the main building, and Peter told them that this was how Barnham House had once looked all over. This wing had been something of a party palace, with a grand ballroom and several guest rooms. It was only when his great-great grandmother, the American heiress, had come here in 1876 that the ballroom had been built into the main house and this side was closed down.
Everyone laughed as Peter crouched down and lifted the large rock that lay on the ground beside the door. He picked up a very rusty, old-fashioned key and waved it in front of them.
‘The location of this key is of national importance,’ he joked. ‘Anyone who reveals where it’s kept will be hanged for treason!’
He opened the doors and they stepped into a very cold, very dark lobby. The windows were high up and so heavily leaded that what light they did let through was strained. The floor was chequered like in the main house, but the walls were made of stone. It reminded Evie of a church, and she wondered if her mother had ever been in it.
From his pocket Peter produced a large torch and he instructed everyone to follow him. It made Evie's head spin to think that her ancestors had built this mighty structure. Peter explained that it had been the Duke of Hampshire's daughter who’d married into the Ashleigh family, and the Duke had paid for the house to be built, and his son-in-law became a Lord in the process. Evie knew enough about the British aristocracy to know most Dukes were related to the royal family, which meant that she probably had royal blood in her. She already knew that her grandmother was a member of the Swedish royal family, but to know she was distantly related to the Queen and Princess Margaret – her favourite royal, was so exciting she felt she would burst and end up blurting it out to everyone.
Peter gave them a very animated guided tour.  Abe and Adam in particular were fascinated by the history of it all. They were from the New World, and all this must have seemed so quaint and strange to them - especially Abe. As the grandson of slaves, to be allowed to roam around a stately home must have been quite a big deal.
One of the rooms that garnered the most attention was the 'round room' which was situated in the turret at the top of the wing. On the stone walls hung vintage erotic paintings and drawings of people copulating in various positions. In the middle of the room stood a round bed. Evie had never seen such a thing. The cover that was draped across it was made from a heavy red silk that looked worn and slightly damaged; but even more alarming was that the bed stood within a square frame with four posts, from which hung gold coloured ties.
‘No need to guess what this room was used for?’ Tony quipped.
‘I've never seen a round bed before,’ Claudia said, sitting upon it. She then leaned back on her elbows, her bandeau top riding up and showing her flat stomach. ‘It's quite comfortable.’
‘Well I wouldn't get too comfortable if I were you,’ laughed Peter. ‘This was the room where the first Lord Ashleigh held his orgies.’
Claudia sat up, fixing Peter with those big, sultry brown eyes.
‘What?’
‘Apparently our great-great-great-great whatever grandfather got a taste for French prostitutes during the Napoleonic Wars, so he used to ship them over and this was where he had his fun with them.’
Claudia pulled an expression of distaste and stood up, subconsciously wiping her hands on the back of her shorts.
‘No one's ever told me that before,’ she sniffed.
‘That’s because you were a bit young Claud,’ Peter laughed.
‘Why don't you open this part of the house up to the public instead of the gardens?’ Evie suggested. ‘They wouldn't have to come tramping through the main house then.’
‘It would cost a fortune to install electrics and the like,’ Peter replied. ‘The gardens are a much easier choice.’
They ended their tour in the ballroom, which was a lot smaller than the one in the main house. The floor was the same parquet as the lobby and the wooden walls were decorated with very dusty paintings of dancing girls in Regency dress - it was as though all time had halted in here, a hundred and fifty years ago
Claudia suddenly grasped Abe's hand and pulled him to the centre of the room.
‘Dance with me Abe,’ she urged. ‘Let's pretend we're a grand Lord and Lady.’
She placed his hand around her waist and Evie noticed Tony step forward - like he was going to break them up. But before he could do anything, Stephen suddenly grabbed Evie and pulled her onto the dance-floor.
‘Yes, come on Evie, let's dance,’ he said.
He whirled her around the floor, as if doing some frenetic waltz, while Abe and Claudia did the same thing. Evie then noticed Peter and Clare had joined them and the three couples danced around, laughing as they went.
Then, like in days of old, they swapped partners and Evie found herself dancing with Peter; Claudia was with Stephen, and Abe and Clare were together. This was enough to prompt Tony to walk into the middle of the floor, clapping his hands loudly.
‘That's enough,’ he said, trying to sound jovial, but his eyes giving away his true intent. ‘I'm famished old chap!’ he said to Peter. ‘When's lunch?’
‘Soon,’ Peter said, coming to a stop. ‘Gosh that was fun. Maybe I should hold a party in here sometime.’
They all started to head out of the room, and Evie noticed Tony manhandle Clare away from Abe - leading her away like a naughty child. Evie linked her arm through Peter's and leaned her head close to his.
‘You know that room would be a fantastic venue for a Christmas party,’ she suggested. ‘Imagine all the candles. There would be no need for electricity.’
‘What a splendid idea,’ Peter replied. ‘We could maybe invite the villagers. My grandparents used to host a party for the people of St Paul's Dean many years ago.  We could re-start the tradition.’
Evie liked his use of the word 'we'. He was including her in his plans for Paradise and that gave her a thrill.
‘My dear Evie,’ he said. ‘What would I do without you?’

That afternoon Clare defied Tony once more and played tennis with Abe in the courts on the other side of the tropical garden. Claudia didn't watch, claiming that some of her friends were due to arrive and she wanted to greet them.  Evie couldn’t help but wonder if she was a little jealous because Abe clearly found Clare more interesting than her. Everyone else gathered on the grass knoll by the tennis courts, and watched the match. Both Clare and Abe were excellent players and it was very fast-paced. Tony sat angrily pulling grass from the ground and scattering it in front of him.
‘Watch the grounds old chap,’ Peter laughed nervously. ‘We don't want a bald spot on the grass.’
‘What were you thinking, inviting him?’ Tony said, throwing Abe a venomous look. ‘Do you really think your grandparents would appreciate the likes of him in their house?’
‘Grandfather and Mormor have entertained people from all over the world. I'm sure you've got nothing to worry about. He's going back to America soon. Even if he and Clare did have some sort of romance...’
Tony turned to look at Peter and the sheer hatred in his expression terrified Evie.
‘If he so much as touches my sister, I will kill him,’ he hissed.
‘Let's not jump the gun,’ Peter said. ‘Anyway, she has competition from Claudia. She's quite smitten with Abe.’
‘He shouldn't be going near her either,’ Tony said. ‘If I were you, I'd send him home.’
Peter glanced at Evie, and she could tell by the look on his face, he didn't want to be in Tony's company any longer. Once Tony returned to watching the tennis and pulling up the grass, Peter nuzzled his mouth close to Evie’s ear, gently kissing it and making her giggle.
‘You know there's an old hut round the corner,’ he said. ‘It used to be a cricket pavilion, but no one uses it anymore.’
‘And why are you telling me this?’ she smiled playfully.
‘I thought we could be alone for a while.’ He lowered his voice. ‘And the company here certainly isn't very pleasant.’
‘You're not wrong there,’ she replied. ‘Okay, let's go.’
Peter stood up and reached down, pulling Evie up.
‘Evie and I are going for a walk around the grounds Tony,’ he said. ‘You might want to think about getting changed for the party.’
‘I'm alright here thanks,’ Tony said, not taking his eyes off his sister, who was now standing opposite Abe with just the net dividing them. They were clearly sharing a joke and laughing together. ‘I need to make sure nothing untoward happens.’
Knowing they were fighting a losing battle, Peter and Evie walked off together in the direction of the hut.
‘He's not going to cause trouble for Abe is he?’ Evie asked, once they were out of earshot.
‘I wouldn't think so,’ Peter replied. ‘He's just concerned for Clare's welfare. And I'm sorry to say, poor Abe has probably experienced a lot worse than the wrath of someone like Tony Woodward-Jones. He’ll be fine. Don’t you worry.’
Chapter Eight

Claudia's party made Evie feel terribly old.  Most of the guests were teenaged school-girls, their slightly older siblings, and a few other hangers on. The ballroom was awash with pink and lemon taffeta, the air filled with cloying, floral perfume; and the only people dancing to the singer – yet another Johnny Ray impersonator, were a couple of older girls clinging onto spotty-faced oiks, who held their partners awkwardly - no doubt frightened of getting too excited from being this close to a girl. Most of the other girls stood around the edges in groups, clutching their drinks and trying to look alluring to the gangly boys standing on the other side. Claudia of course was different. Whilst her friends wore clothes that looked as though they'd been vetted by their mothers; she was dressed in a strapless green gown with a scarlet sash around the waist that fell down in a tail along the back of the skirt. Her large bosoms wobbled over the top of the dress and she wore her hair piled up, complimenting it all with a pair of long, diamond earrings. She looked ten years older than she was, and Evie was convinced most of the boys here would be far too scared to even approach her. She was the sort of girl who would always end up with an older man.
Peter and Evie stood with Tony and Clare; while Stephen, Abe and Adam were out on the decking. Maids fluttered about serving drinks and canapés; and it gave Evie a glimpse of what the house must have been like when her mum worked here. Simms was on the door welcoming people in, while Charlton, a young footman who'd been hired for the evening, showed them into the ballroom. As Peter's companion, Evie was Lady of the House for the night, and she was enjoying it immensely. She hoped if Daisy was looking down, she was proud of her.
Clare looked stunning in a blue dress with a shawl neckline that showed off her toned shoulders. Evie could see she was itching to go outside and talk to Abe, but it was more than her life's worth to do so. Tony had been in a sulk since the tennis match, and he certainly wouldn't tolerate her flirting in front of all these high society guests.
Charlton came in accompanied by a gangly looking young girl with her mousy hair in a bun, wearing a hideous polka dot dress that dwarfed her skinny frame. The girl next to her, however, was completely different. She was a beautiful blonde wearing a pink satin dress with a diamante trim around the waist. Evie suddenly felt quite plain in her maroon halter-neck. This girl was tall and buxom and had an air of confidence Evie could only wish for.
‘The Right Honourable Rebecca Stansfield and Miss Moira Stansfield,’ Charlton said, and he walked off.
‘Hello Rebecca, Moira,’ Peter said. ‘May I introduce to you my companion Evelyn Wallis. Evie, this is Rebecca and Moira Stansfield.’ He then looked at Tony and Clare. ‘Tony, Clare, I know you've both met Rebecca. But this is Moira, her little sister. Moira, this is Anthony and Clare Woodward-Jones.’
Evie couldn't put her finger on it, but her female intuition picked up on a strange sort of atmosphere between Peter and Rebecca. They seemed to go out of their way not to look at each other, and Peter's voice had suddenly developed a sort of tightness to it. Evie wondered if they had history, and if so, this made her feel frightfully inadequate. Rebecca certainly was a beautiful girl - she could have doubled for Marilyn Monroe. Whereas Evie was never going to be considered anything more than 'pretty'.
‘I'll go and wish Claudia a happy birthday,’ Moira said, her speech impeded by the heavy brace she wore around her teeth. She walked over to Claudia and her friends, and Evie felt sorry for her. She looked so pathetic compared to them, and Evie could only guess the ribbing she would get. Either that or she would be ignored and pushed to the sidelines.
‘You're looking lovely, Rebecca,’ Peter said in a clipped voice. ‘It was kind of you to accompany Moira.’
‘Well, I thought I'd use it as an excuse to see what Paradise was looking like these days,’ she said, looking round the room, and up at the painting of cherubs on the ceiling. ‘It's been a while.’
‘It has indeed. Let me get you a drink.’
Evie seemed to be forgotten as Peter took Rebecca's arm and led her over to the table where the maids were gathered, refilling their trays with glasses of champagne and various other drinks. Clare looked at Evie, and reached out, lightly grasping her hand.
‘Don't worry too much about Peter. He and Rebecca are in the past.’
‘They were involved?’ Evie asked.
‘They were engaged for a few months!’ Tony scoffed, mocking Evie for not knowing. ‘I thought he would have told you that, what with you being so close.’
The snigger in his voice angered Evie and it took all her strength not to slap him.
‘We're not in the habit of discussing our past relationships,’ she said. 
‘Been a few have there Evie?’ Tony said, and Evie knew she had to get away from him before she said something rude and made an embarrassment of herself.
‘If you'll excuse me,’ she said, and she left the room. She intended to go out into the garden and join Stephen and the others; but something stopped her and she instead left the ballroom and went into drawing room at the front of the house. It was the one that her grandparents used, and Peter didn't go into. But with everyone preoccupied at the party, Evie saw it as the perfect opportunity to have a look round.
On entering, she saw it was the same room that Serena Salter had been photographed in. Shutting the door behind her, she went straight to the painting above the mantelpiece, and for the first time ever, saw the painting of her father close-up. William was quite beautiful in an angelic sort of way. She looked around, trying to see if there were any other pictures of him. She wanted a photograph of him as a grown-up - perhaps even in his RAF uniform. But there was nothing. There were plenty of photos in the silver frames that seemed to cover every surface, but they were of babies - one of them a little girl of no more than about one, and with her moody expression and angry pout, Evie could straight away see it was Claudia.
Finally, at the back of three rows of picture frames, on a round table close to the window, she found a photograph of who she presumed to be her father. It was very old looking - Edwardian and sepia, and showed a little boy with floppy blonde hair, wearing a tie neck shirt and a smart jacket. The child looked just like Evie had as a little girl, and she stroked the photograph, wishing she could see her father - just once.
Evie went to the window and looked out. The front of the house was so traditional it was hard to believe that the back resembled a Louisiana plantation. The gravel drive was rounded off with a wall that had steps leading down to the landscaped gardens at the front; all mown to perfection, with topiary trees lining the pathway. A young boy and girl were leaning against the wall, the boys arms around the girl's waist while she backed away slightly, looking around - no doubt worried about being spotted by someone. Evie wondered if Peter and Rebecca had ever been young sweethearts like this, or if they’d met when they were older. She could only hope that Peter could be trusted and wouldn't be tempted to go back to his former flame. Evie couldn't bear the thought of losing Peter and her chance of living in this house. It even gutted her that she had to go home to London the next day - she could have stayed here forever.
The door opened and Peter stuck his head round, and for a moment, Evie gasped, hoping he wouldn't be too cross with her.
‘Why are you hiding in here?’ he smiled. ‘I've been looking all over for you.’
‘Tony was being beastly about me,’ she pouted. ‘If I'd have stayed, I'd have punched him.’
Peter came into the room and joined her at the window, grasping her hands and swinging them from side to side.
‘I suppose he told you about Rebecca?’
‘Why didn't you tell me you were engaged to her?’
‘It was when we were twenty-one. Such a long time ago. Come on, come back to the party.’
‘I feel old Peter. Everyone is so young.’
‘Okay, well why don't I grab a bottle of champagne and we can go for a walk in the gardens? Just the two of us.’
‘I'd like that,’ she smiled. ‘I'd like that a lot.’
‘Come on then. You can't spend a party on your own.’
As they went through the ballroom to the French doors, Evie laughed to herself when she saw Tony was over with Claudia and her friends - topping off their glasses of champagne and pretending to be interested in what they had to say, when his eyes were so clearly focusing on their chests. They went out onto the decking and passed Abe and Clare who were sitting together on the swing, chatting. Stephen and Adam were nowhere to be seen.
‘Is Tony around?’ Clare called as they passed.
‘He's trying to get Claudia and her friends drunk,’ Peter quipped. ‘You should be okay.’
He took Evie's hand and led her right through the tropical gardens, using his cigarette lighter to illuminate the way. He led her to the small lake on the outskirts of the grounds. The water looked eerie at night; but Evie got a pleasant surprise when Peter lit a beacon that was fixed into the ground. Soon it was aflame, illuminating the lake and the willow trees that overhung it. Peter took off his jacket and put it on the ground, motioning for Evie to sit upon it, which she did. He sat beside her and opened the bottle of champagne with a gentle pop. Once the fizz had settled, he took a swig and passed it to Evie. Feeling decadent, she took a large gulp and giggled when the bubbles went up her nose.
‘It's beautiful here,’ she said. ‘It’s so easy to forget there are even more fields beyond the tropical gardens.’
‘Do you know your mother saved Aunt Smelly's life here?’
‘Really?’
‘Yes, legend has it she had this terrible nanny who used to neglect her, and one day Daisy was passing by and Nanny was either asleep, or just not doing her duties properly, and Imelda was drowning and Daisy rescued her. Apparently Mormor thought the world of her afterwards. She was quite the heroine.’
‘Mum always liked to help people, so I can believe it.’
Peter reached out and took Evie’s hand, squeezing it tightly.
‘You know there’s nothing between me and Rebecca don’t you?’ he said.
‘I just wished you’d told me that she might be coming. I could have prepared myself for meeting her. I feel such a fool now.’
‘I didn’t know she was coming to the party. I guessed Moira would come, because she went to school with Claudia, but I didn’t know Rebecca would be accompanying her. For all I knew it could have been her aunt or some other chaperone.’
‘So how long were you together?’
‘A couple of years. I’ve known her all of my life. I went to Harrow with her older brother, and Rebecca was always at parties and functions. She used to be like Moira, all gangly and awkward. Then she went away to finishing school, just after the war, and she came back like a goddess. I have to confess that I was smitten. But we were both too young, it would never have lasted.’
‘She’s very beautiful, and she’s far more suited to you than I am.’
Peter grasped Evie’s shoulders and laid her down on the cold, damp grass. She felt it soaking into her back, but she said nothing - she was just grateful to have his attention. He lay down beside her, propping his head up on his hand and smiling at her indulgently – like what she was saying was so stupid it beggared belief.
‘You know you’re my gal don’t you?’ he said, reaching out and stroking her face. ‘And you’re just as lovely as Rebecca.’
‘You’re very kind,’ she smiled, taking his hand and kissing it. She sighed and looked up at the black sky, and the silver stars twinkling. This was probably one of the most romantic moments in Evie’s life. All her love affairs up until now had been sordid. She was the bit on the side - the good time girl. No one had ever wanted to lay with her and look at the stars and revel in her company and enjoy her just for being herself.
‘I could stay here forever,’ she said. She turned and looked at Peter. ‘I’m not joking. I would be quite happy to move in here and keep an eye on things. It could be my job.’
‘But that’s Mrs Roman’s job,’ Peter frowned. ‘You’d get so bored Evie. Especially when Grandfather and Mormor return. You wouldn’t want to be stuck with a couple of old people.’
‘I wouldn’t mind. I haven’t had a proper home since I was fifteen, Peter. I’ve always felt like a lodger. Any home I’ve had has felt temporary, but this place feels like my home.’ Her heart was full, and she was so tempted to confess the truth to Peter; but she knew she couldn’t. If she wanted to marry him, she had to keep up the façade of being respectable.
‘You old romantic you,’ he laughed. ‘You know you’re always welcome here Evie, but as a guest. My life is in London and always will be. I haven’t it in me to be the Lord of the Manor. Even when Grandfather and Mormor do die, I’ll probably install an estate manager – someone to oversee it for me. I’ll just come down for official duties’
Evie was disappointed, but she didn’t give up hope. If there was one thing she’d learnt, that was how easy men were to manipulate. If she was lucky enough to marry him, she knew she’d be able to persuade him to live in the house. Especially when they had their first child - surely he'd want the heir to the estate growing up here. Not in grimy old London?
‘Anyway,’ he smiled. ‘You've met my folks, when am I going to meet yours?’
‘Well you know Stephen, and you know my mum's dead. And you've met Aunt Priscilla, surely?’
‘Yes, but what about your father's family?’
Evie almost laughed at the irony, but she held back. 
‘I don't see my father's family,’ she replied.
‘None of them?’
‘No, they didn't approve of him marrying mum when she was so young. They disowned him.’
‘That's sad. You are a waif aren't you?’
‘Yes. I sometimes feel as though it's me against the world.’
They stayed on the grass for an hour or so, talking and smooching. Evie wanted to ask him to go back to her room with her. She felt in need of company, and when they were making love it felt like the time when she had the greatest hold on him. But even now that would be tainted by her insecurities. She knew she wouldn’t help but wonder how she compared to the beautiful Rebecca. She guessed they had been each other's first lovers, and that would have created a strong bond. To Peter, Evie was just one of many, and there was no way she could ever mean so much to him.
‘Why don't you come back to my room tonight?’ she asked. ‘With all the fuss of the party, no one's going to notice us gone.’
‘You are joking? Someone’s bound to see us. Let's go back to the cricket hut tomorrow. It was rather fun in there wasn't it?’
‘Yes,’ Evie replied with a strained smile. Fun. She’d had that word used about her so much in her lifetime, and she wondered if a day would ever come when she stopped being thought of as a bit of ‘fun’. Peter’s attitude made her feel cheap and dirty. Is that what she was worth? A quick fumble in a dusty hut filled with cobwebs? Wouldn’t it have been far more romantic to spend the night in her room? Waking up together the next morning?
‘I suppose we'd better be getting back,’ Peter said, getting up off the grass. ‘They'll be looking for us.’
He helped Evie up, then picked up his jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders. He blew out the beacon and, using his lighter, guided them back to the house. When Evie saw that the ballroom had emptied quite considerably, she realised how long she and Peter had been out. A lot of the girls had chauffeurs coming to pick them up at ten o'clock, and a few others were staying at the house. They were the ones who were left behind. Some of them had found young men to talk to and were cosied up in the corner. Others had given up the ghost and instead were sitting looking dejected with their friends.
‘No sign of the birthday girl,’ Evie observed, wondering what Claudia was up to.
‘If she's gone off with some boy and she ends up getting into trouble, Smelly will kill me,’ Peter tutted. ‘I should have been keeping an eye on her.’
‘She's a big girl, silly,’ Evie laughed, laying her hand upon his chest. ‘She's probably having a little kiss and a cuddle and that's all.’
They left the ballroom and went into the smaller, more commonly used drawing room. It had obviously become a sort of haven for the older party-goers, as Stephen and Adam were standing by the wireless, trying to tune it to something interesting; and on the sofa, Rebecca Stansfield sat, and Tony was laying with his head on her lap, holding a white towel against his forehead.
‘What's going on here?’ Peter asked.
‘I found this silly goose on the front steps,’ Rebecca said, looking down at Tony, then up at Evie and Peter, indicating with her hand that he’d been drinking. ‘He's bumped his head, so I had to get one of the little maids to fetch some ice.’
‘Are you okay old chap?’ Peter asked, kneeling down by Tony. He looked terrible. His dark eyes were bloodshot, his complexion pale. Evie wondered if he'd actually got into a fight with one of the other men there. Maybe some father or big brother had come to pick a girl up and found her being pawed by the inebriated Tony. Maybe he’d got a pasting and was more injured than he was letting on - look at what happened to Ray.
‘I’m fine,’ Tony croaked. ‘I stumbled. I’ll be okay.’
Peter stood back up and looked over at Stephen and Adam.
‘Where’s Abe?’ he asked.
‘No idea,’ Stephen replied, finally getting the wireless onto a station that was playing some jaunty jazz. ‘I last saw him heading into the gardens. I think he got tired of teenage girls fawning around him.’
‘And where are Clare and Claudia?’ Evie asked. ‘Everyone’s disappeared.’
‘Clare went up to bed,’ Tony croaked. ‘She had a headache.’
‘No sign of Claudia,’ said Rebecca. ‘Her friends have been looking for her, but she’s nowhere to be found.’
‘I knew it!’ Peter spat. ‘She’s with a boy.’
‘Don’t jump the gun darling,’ Evie said. ‘She could be anywhere, it’s a big house.’
‘I still think we should look for her. Imelda will go spare if she ends up getting into trouble or something. Will you help me Evie?’
‘Yes,’ she sighed. ‘Although I do think you’re being rather hasty.’
‘I saw her,’ Tony suddenly croaked. ‘Must have been an hour ago. She was talking to the Negro, out in the lobby.’
‘There you are,’ Evie said. ‘She's probably chatting with Abe in the garden.’
‘You're probably right,’ Peter said, flopping down and reaching in his inside pocket for his cigarettes. ‘I'm just being the over-protective uncle.’
Evie sat close beside Peter, letting Rebecca know he was hers.
‘Where did you two disappear to anyway?’ Stephen laughed, flopping down on the other side of Evie.
‘We went down to the lake,’ Peter said, putting his arm around Evie's shoulder. ‘It's such a romantic spot.’
‘Are you staying over, Rebecca?’ Evie couldn't help but ask. She hoped not - she wanted her gone.
‘Yes,’ Rebecca replied. ‘Moira and I are sharing a room.’
‘I see,’ Evie replied. ‘Well I guess there's enough bedrooms here!’
‘Do you remember when your grandfather held his sixtieth birthday party here?’ Rebecca asked Peter. ‘He invited so many people, the Duke of Kent had to double up with Bertie Francis!’
‘Yes!’ Peter laughed, and Evie felt aggrieved that they were talking about people she did not know - all she knew of the Duke of Kent was what she'd seen in the papers. ‘I think Grandfather was excluded from royal events for quite some time afterwards.’
There was a knock on the door and Peter called for the person to come in. It was Simms the butler - a fraught expression on his face.
‘Sir, do you know where Miss Claudia is?’ he asked. ‘Miss Sangster's driver is here to take her home and she wants to find Miss Claudia to wish her farewell.’
‘Where is that girl?’ Peter cursed, banging his hands upon his knees. ‘She's a terror at times.’
He got up and left the room, telling Simms to inform the driver to wait. Simms left too, and everyone in the room threw each other curious looks.
The door opened, and Abe came in, and Evie could see he looked a little nervous, and a bit sheepish, and she wondered what he had been up to.
‘Where have you been?’ Stephen asked jokingly. 
‘I was out in the gardens,’ Abe replied, sitting where Peter had been. 
‘Tony says he saw you in the lobby with Claudia,’ Rebecca said. ‘Have you any idea where she is now?’
‘That was hours ago,’ Abe replied. ‘When I saw her, she was going back into the party.’
Evie glanced at Abe and almost gasped when she saw that his shirt was buttoned up wrong. One side of the collar was higher than the other. His tie askew. When she’d last seen him he looked immaculate.
‘Peter had better check the bedrooms,’ Adam laughed. ‘She might well be entertaining one of the oiks.’
The door opened once again, and this time Simms looked even more agitated.
‘I'm sorry,’ he said to everyone in the room. ‘But Miss Standish really does have to leave.’
Evie looked around and realised that as Peter’s plus one, it was up to her to do something; and for the first time ever she was going to be expected to fulfil the role of Lady of the House. She got up and went out of the room, into the lobby, where a rather chubby girl in a gingham dress stood idly next to a man in full chauffeur’s uniform. Evie went up to them, and did her best to smile with authority.
‘Miss Standish?’ she asked.
‘Yes,’ the girl said, suddenly coming to life. ‘I wanted to say goodnight to Claudia.’
‘She’s not available at the moment,’ Evie said. ‘I’ll be sure to pass on her good wishes.’
‘Oh please do,’ the girl gushed. ‘It’s been such a top party. I’ve had so much fun.’
‘I’m glad to hear it,’ Evie smiled. ‘As soon as I see Claudia I will tell her.’
Over the course of the next hour, Evie was called out three times to do this task. There was a stream of young girls wanting to say goodbye to Claudia; but there was no sign of her or Peter. When Evie returned to the drawing room, she found Tony sitting up, still clutching the towel to his head.
‘What’s going on?’ asked Rebecca. ‘Where’s Peter?’
‘Still looking for Claudia I assume,’ Evie said. ‘Let’s face it, this is a big house, there are a lot of places to look.’
Just as Evie sat down, the door opened and Peter walked in. As soon as Evie saw his pale complexion and the haunted look in his eyes, she knew something was wrong. He didn’t move. Just stood in the doorway, trembling.
‘Are you okay old chap?’ Tony asked, glancing round at him.
‘E-Evie would you come with me?’ Peter uttered.
‘Me?’
‘Yes, please.’
‘Is everything okay Peter?’ Abe asked.
‘Yes,’ he tried to smile. ‘I just want to ask Evie’s opinion on something.’
Evie got up and walked out of the room with Peter, wondering what the hell was going on. He walked over to a cupboard that stood by the entrance to the servant’s quarters, and opened it up. He pulled out a rather tatty grey cape and draped it around Evie’s shoulders.
‘It’s cold outside,’ was all he said.
The cape smelt of faint tobacco, damp and sweat; and every time Evie breathed, the stink filled her nose. She felt nervous, wondering what was happening, but was unable to ask Peter as he was pre-occupied and so she could only stumble along behind him as he walked out of the house and strode across the gravel drive.
‘What’s happened?’ she asked. ‘Please tell me.’
He suddenly stopped and stared into space - across the fields that were barely visible in the black night.
‘I think I’m going mad,’ he said. ‘What I saw. I think I’m going mad.’
Evie reached out and grasped his hand.
‘What Peter? You’re frightening me.’
He didn’t reply, just pulled her round to the ancient wing of the house, where they’d toured earlier on. The door was wide open and as they walked in, Peter took out his torch and switched it on.
‘I just came to see if she was here,’ he said. ‘I didn’t think. I never thought…’
He pulled Evie up the stone stairs to the next floor and into the ‘orgy room’ that they’d all laughed at earlier that day. The room was illuminated by a candle that had been placed on the floor, and when Evie saw Claudia lying on the bed, her hands flew to her mouth in shock. The young girl was flat on her back, one arm flung above her head, the other at her side.
‘I thought I’d imagined it,’ Peter whispered, and as Evie looked at him in the dim light, she could see he was crying. ‘I thought I’d drunk too much champagne and was seeing things.”
Evie went over to the bed, to make sure Claudia wasn’t just sleeping. Her eyes were open and glassy, staring at the ceiling. A trickle of blood ran down from those pillowy lips, and even in this limited light, Evie could see the ugly bruises around the young girl’s neck. Claudia was dead, and someone had murdered her.
‘Poor Claudia,’ was all she could say. ‘Poor Claudia, she’s just a little girl.’
She couldn’t look at her any longer. There was something obscene about the whole thing, and Evie felt sick. More sick than when she’d seen her mother…or Ray. Claudia was not much more than a child and it was horrific to think she’d been strangled and left in this obscenely decorated room. Evie ran to Peter and buried her face in his chest. In his shock, he didn’t respond, his body was stiff. His arms remained at his side.
‘I need to call the police,’ he said. ‘There’s a murderer in my house and we need to find them before they strike again.’
Chapter Nine

Evie’s little glimpse of Paradise had been thrown into pandemonium and suddenly it didn’t seem quite so idyllic. Peter didn’t want any of the guests to know that Claudia had been murdered and made her promise not to say a word and told her to act normally when they returned to the house. But Evie thought he was being naïve. It was obvious that the police would want to talk to everyone who’d been in the house at the time of the murder. Right at that moment, anyone without an alibi was a suspect.
They’d returned to the house, and without saying it Evie knew, that like her, Peter felt bad about leaving Claudia. Even though she was dead, there seemed to be something callous about a dead young girl lying alone in that cold, dark room. Peter said he would phone the police and asked Evie to tell everyone that something had happened and request they stay put. First of all she went into the drawing room, and saw that Abe had left and Tony was now at the drinks cabinet, pouring himself a glass of whisky – his hands still shaking from his fall. Rebecca, Stephen and Adam were all where they’d been when she’d she’d left, and as Evie entered, they looked to her for answers.
‘What’s happened Evie?’ Stephen asked. ‘You’re as white as a sheet.’
Evie sat next to her step-brother, and realised she too was shaking. She felt so cold, and yet the cape that was draped round her shoulders felt so uncomfortable that she had to shrug it off.
‘It’s Claudia,’ she said, unable to lie or make things sound better than they actually were.  ‘She’s dead.’
‘Dead!’ Rebecca cried. ‘What are you talking about?’
Evie turned to look at her.
‘Peter found her in the old part of the house. The police have been called, but I need to go and ask everyone to stay put. Peter doesn’t want me to tell anyone the truth. I’m just to say something’s happened and ask if they can stay put. But I don’t see how we’re going to be able to conceal it. The police will want to speak to all the guests.’
Stephen put his arm around her shoulders and pulled her head to his chest.
‘Did you see her?’ he asked.
Evie nodded but she couldn't answer. The image of Claudia lying there dead was burnt into her mind; and even when she closed her eyes, it was still there, tormenting her.
The door opened and Peter burst in, his eyes wild, his complexion as pale as Evie guessed her own was.
‘The police are on their way,’ he said. ‘Have you told the guests to stay put Evie?’
‘Not yet,’ she croaked.
‘For God's sake!’ he snapped. ‘I ask you to do one simple thing.’
He turned and stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him. Evie felt foolish with the eyes of everyone on her, especially Tony and Rebecca.
‘People might have left without being questioned,’ Rebecca said snootily. ‘You should have stopped them.’
‘You try seeing a dead body!’ Evie shouted at her. ‘The body of someone who’s no more than a child. Knowing there’s a murderer loose in the house.’
‘So she was murdered?!’ Adam gasped. ‘You're sure?’
‘It looked to me as if she'd been strangled.’
In a rare act of kindness, Tony passed Evie a glass of whisky, which she drank down quickly. He returned to sitting next to Rebecca and looked at Evie.
‘I think we know the most likely suspect, don't we?’ he said.
‘Who?’ Evie replied.
‘The last person I saw Claudia talking to. Look around you. Where is he now?’
He was talking about Abe, and as loathe as Evie was to admit it, things were not looking good for him. Evie remembered his badly done up shirt and how he’d seemed agitated. There was no doubt Claudia had been attracted to him – perhaps things had gone wrong in some way. Perhaps he had spurned her advances and she’d become angry and he’d retaliated.
‘He's not in the room because you were beastly to him,’ Rebecca laughed. ‘Although I have to say it would probably be a coup for someone like him to kill a white woman.’
Evie was offended by her words, but she couldn't argue. Abe was at the forefront of her suspicions as well; but his or Claudia’s colour did not come into it.
‘I don't think we should jump the gun,’ Stephen said cautiously. ‘We need to see what the police say first.’
They didn't have to wait for long. The clanging sound of sirens could be heard from the drawing room, followed by several doors slamming. Suddenly all hell broke loose and what sounded like a hundred footsteps thundered through the house. The drawing room door opened, and a uniformed policeman came in, followed by a young man in a suit. Even in her confusion, Evie couldn't help but think there was something familiar about the detective. His craggy face and pale blue eyes that had a hint of mischief in them – despite the circumstances, and the defiant tilt of the chin, all reminded her of….no that was impossible…
‘Good evening ladies and gentlemen,’ he said, his accent brash and clearly from London. ‘I am Detective Sergeant Thomas Mulligan, this is Police Constable Banks. Can I ask you to remain where you are as we will need to ask you some questions?’
Thomas Mulligan....it couldn't be a coincidence. Evie looked at him. Beyond the officious tone and smart suit. The sandy hair and mischievous expression were the same. Tommy. It was Tommy Mulligan - her knight in shining armour on her darkest day. Suddenly everything around her – the murder, her new friends, her current life - melted away. She was fifteen again, and more frightened than she’d ever been before, and this boy was doing all he could to make her feel safe. She’d always wanted to see him again. To thank him for his kindness, but she never thought it would happen. She wondered if he remembered her.
‘I am going to speak to Mr Salter about setting up an interview room. Can you all please furnish Constable Banks with your details?’
Tommy left the room and Evie went to go after him. She wanted to speak to him. Ask him why he never kept in touch. But she knew she couldn't. At the moment, she was a suspect in a murder, and until alibis were given, she had to be on her best behaviour.
The rather nervous-looking young police officer sat next to Rebecca and took out his note pad. One by one each of the guests were asked their name and their relationship to the deceased. As everyone spoke, Evie felt the room swimming around her. Everything was so confusing - from Claudia's death, to her childhood acquaintance re-appearing in her life. She felt as though she was in a surreal dream, and in a moment she would wake up and find herself back on the grass by the lake, wrapped up in Peter's arms.
When it came to Evie’s turn to speak, she could hardly utter a word. It felt as though the walls were closing in on her and she wanted to scream. So much death and horror followed her - her mother, Ray; Viv nearly dying, and now Claudia. She began to worry she was cursed.
‘Evie and Peter found Claudia,’ Stephen explained, pulling his step-sister to him once more. ‘She's very shaken by it. Her name is Evelyn Wallis and she's Peter Salter's girlfriend.’
‘Thank you,’ the officer said, closing his book. He left the room, instructing them to remain where they were.
‘What sort of state was Claudia in when you found her?’ Adam asked. ‘Was she naked?’
‘Adam!’ Stephen gasped. ‘Don't be disrespectful.’
‘I'm not. I was just wondering if someone had molested her and killed her because she hadn't given them what they wanted.’
‘She was fully clothed,’ Evie replied. ‘Poor little thing. What a horrible way to die?’
Peter re-entered the room, and the first thing he did was walk behind Evie and wrap his arms around her shoulders and kiss her cheek.
‘I'm so sorry for snapping Evie,’ he said. ‘It's just been such a frightful night.’
‘Forget about it,’ she smiled, rubbing his arm. ‘It's been terrible for all of us.’
‘Is there any chance I could go up to bed?’ Tony asked wearily. ‘My head feels as though it’s got a steam train going through it.’
‘I don't think you'll be able to,’ Peter replied. ‘I would imagine that detective will want to interview us all before we're allowed to go to bed.’
‘What did they say about Claudia?’ Evie asked.
‘Not a lot. I think once the photographers have finished, she'll be taken to the mortuary so they can do a post mortem and find out the cause of death.’ He suddenly stopped and took a sharp intake of breath. ‘Imelda,’ he uttered. ‘Someone has to tell Aunt Imelda.’
‘I'm sure the police will do that,’ Evie said, patting his hand.
‘It's not the same. I must speak to her.’

The night rolled on and turned into Sunday morning. A couple of times, Peter was called upon by friends of Claudia who were weeping both in fear, and for the death of their friend. The young girls asked so many questions. Who killed Claudia? Was the murderer still in the house? Peter reassured them that the house was filled with police officers and they were perfectly safe; but even so, after giving their statements, they wanted to go home and taxis were called from Haslemere, to come and collect them.
With all the children gone, next it was the adults’ turn to be interviewed. To Evie's surprise, she was the first person PC Banks summoned, and as she stepped out of the drawing room, into the lobby, it was like walking into a different house. Furniture had been moved about. At the bottom of the stairs a young policeman stood stoically; arms behind his back. The front door was open and more police officers were gathered there and Evie could just make out their various vehicles on the drive.
She followed PC Banks into the small study where Peter had shown her the photograph of her mother. By the Davenport desk sat Tommy. He looked shattered, and right then it was hard to equate this stern-faced man in his early thirties with that scruffy joker she'd known as a boy. The only thing that gave him away was the irreverent glint in his blue eyes.
‘Sit down Miss Wallis,’ he said, motioning to the dining chair that had been placed close to the desk. Evie did as she was told and sat before him. She wondered if she should ask him if he remembered her but it seemed inappropriate. He was here to investigate a murder, not reminisce over old times.
‘How long have you known the deceased?’ he asked.
‘Only for two days,’ she replied.
‘And how do you know her?’
‘She’s my boyfriend’s cousin.’
Tommy scribbled something in his notepad, then returned to Evie.
‘And where were you between the hours of ten and eleven o’clock?’
‘I was down by the lake with Peter. The noise of the party had got to us a little and we decided to take a walk.’
‘Who was the last person you saw talking to Miss Bailey?’
Evie cast her mind back. The last time she’d seen Claudia had been when she and Peter had left to go for a walk and she’d been in the ballroom.
‘I last saw her in the ballroom with a group of her friends, talking to Tony Woodward-Jones.’
‘And what is her relationship with Mr Woodward-Jones?’
‘Just acquaintances. I think they’ve known each other for many years, but not as friends. I couldn’t really say.’
There was a knock on the door, and as it opened, a much older, bullish looking man in a beige Mac came in and looked at Tommy.
‘Make this one the last one Tommy,’ he said. ‘I’ll take over from there.’
‘Thank you Sir,’ Tommy said politely, and Evie guessed the older man was his superior. The other man shut the door and Tommy returned to Evie.
‘I’m sorry about that. I’ve been at work since ten this morning. It’s time I went home.’
‘You used to live in Pimlico didn’t you?’ Evie blurted out. She knew it was the wrong time to ask this, but she couldn’t help herself. There was a chance she would never see him again.
‘I did, yeah,’ he said, and he finally smiled. As those dimples appeared in his cheeks, there was no doubting it was Tommy Mulligan. ‘I thought it was you Evie, I recognised the name. You haven’t changed much, but I wasn’t sure, and seeing as I’m here to work, I dared not say anything.’
‘I can’t believe it’s you,’ she uttered. ‘The last time I saw you was when Mum died. I never did thank you for looking after me that day.’
‘It’s a long time ago,’ he said with a dismissive wave of the hand.
‘How long have you been a policeman?’
‘I joined when I came home from the war.’
‘You fought?’
‘Only for the last year or so. I was in Burma.’
Tommy being here just made tonight seem even more surreal. For fifteen years she’d wondered what had happened to him. She’d never imagined him a solider, then a police officer. A part of her had always imagined he’d end up in prison. This was all still so hard to fathom.
‘Anyway,’ he sighed, returning to his note pad. ‘We’d better get back to the matter in hand. Do you know if Miss Bailey had a boyfriend?’
‘Not that I’m aware of. Like I said, I only met her yesterday. She was the sort of girl men took notice of – she was very pretty. But I don’t know if there was a boyfriend on the scene.’
‘Okay. Well that’s me done for the night. DCI Francis can take over the night shift.’
‘Will you be back again?’ Evie asked rather hurriedly.
‘Yes, I’ll be back tomorrow,’ he replied. ‘But even hard-boiled detectives need a night’s sleep.’
‘Well it was lovely to see you,’ Evie said. ‘Don’t worry, I won’t mention to anyone else that we know each other.’
‘It’s probably for the best. I’m sure Stephen Cray won’t remember that his mother gave me a pair of his trousers!’
‘I’m sure he won’t,’ Evie laughed. ‘Stephen’s got a terrible memory.’ 
‘Good thing too. Anyway, you look done in. Maybe you should get a night’s sleep. PC Banks will call the next suspect in.’
Evie left the study and found herself blushing slightly, and she didn’t even know why. Maybe it was because Tommy knew the true her. Maybe it was because for a few months after her mum died, she would lay awake at night, wondering what had happened to him and wishing he would come back for her. There was something pleasantly surprising to discover he’d grown into a nice-looking man. He wasn’t typically handsome like Peter, but there was something very appealing in those craggy features. She only wished they’d met in different circumstances.
She found the man she now knew to be DCI Francis talking to the young policeman who was standing at the bottom of the stairs; and as she passed them, both men gave her a little nod. Evie went back into the study, and suddenly all eyes were on her.
‘What did they ask you?’ Tony said.
‘Just a few questions about Claudia. When did I last see her? If she had a boyfriend etcetera. I just answered as best I could. The policeman will be in for each of you in a minute. But if you don’t mind, I’m going to go to bed. I’m so tired and it’s been a very long day.’
‘That sounds like a top idea,’ Peter said, reaching out and taking her hand. ‘Goodnight darling.’
‘Goodnight,’ she replied, bending down and kissing him upon the cheek. ‘See you tomorrow.’
She left the room and as she approached the stairs, she looked to her left in the hope that Tommy was coming out of the study, but there was no sign of him. She told the young police officer she was going to bed and he let her pass. Evie felt as though she could sleep for a hundred years – it had been such an eventful day.
Despite being so tired, Evie slept fitfully. There was still a great deal of movement in the house as the policemen changed shifts and continued to question people. It was also hard to sleep knowing there was a possibility the murderer was still in the house. The only people she could say for definite that were not guilty were her and Peter. Seeing as it seemed Claudia hadn’t been interfered with, it was possible even one of the women had done it.
She also lay thinking about Tommy. Seeing him again - even under these horrendous circumstances, had stirred something in her that she couldn’t explain. After that day when he'd looked after her, and left her at Priscilla's and she'd never heard from him again, she'd wondered what had happened to him, and convinced herself he was either dead or had fallen in with the wrong crowd and ended up in prison. But here he was. It was ironic that it was another death that had returned him to her, and it felt disrespectful to Claudia's memory to be mooning about Tommy Mulligan. But she couldn't help herself and she wanted to see him again.
She drifted off just as it started to become light, but she was brutally awoken again half an hour later, by the sound of boots stomping through the house, shouts and other unidentifiable noises. Evie got out of bed, put on her dressing gown and went to the door. Stepping out into the corridor, she found Abe's door wide open and the room filled with uniformed officers - tearing the room apart.
‘What's going on?’ she asked.
‘Go back to your room Miss,’ one of the officers called out. ‘There's nothing for you to see here.’
Evie did as she was told and ran back into her room and went to the window. Pulling back the curtains she saw a black police van parked on the drive and at that moment several officers came out with Abe. He had his hands cuffed behind his back and one of the officers was holding onto his arm, another was pressing down the back of his neck. Abe was trying to resist as best he could, but it was fruitless. They bundled him into the van and slammed the door. Evie left the room once more, and ran down the stairs – but she was stopped by Peter, who was standing at the bottom.
‘They've arrested Abe!’ Evie cried. ‘Did he kill Claudia?’
‘It would seem like it. Come in here.’
He put his arm around her shoulder and led her into the breakfast room, sitting her down at the table and shutting the door.
‘But Abe seems so nice,’ she cried. ‘Why would he kill Claudia?’
Peter sat beside her and took her hands, squeezing them tightly.
‘I agree, totally,’ he said. ‘But let's be honest, Claud was rather infatuated with him. Maybe she became a little too persistent and he lashed out.’
‘No. I refuse to believe it. Why have the police arrested him and no-one else?’
‘Because he was the last person to see Claudia alive and he hasn't got an alibi for the time she was killed.’
‘I can't believe it,’ Evie uttered again. ‘Someone must have broken in and done it.’
‘Well that's what the detectives are coming back to establish. But I'm afraid as it stands, Abe is the main suspect.’
‘I wonder if they would have arrested him if he'd been white.’
‘Now that's just being silly.’
‘Is it? Look what happened to his father. Just because he was coloured, he was lynched. Perhaps history is repeating itself.’
‘That was in the Deep South of America. This is England. People are treated fairly. You never know, the police might find another suspect and Abe will go free. Now, do you want to go back to London today? I’ll be required to stay down here for some time, but I can run you back if you like.’
How could Evie go back to London when such a terrible crime had been committed in her family home? Although she could never tell Peter, she felt she too had a duty to stay at the house for a while. Besides, she liked the thought of seeing Tommy again.
‘No, I'll stay here with you if that's okay,’ she replied. ‘I might be of some help, you don't know.’
‘Alright,’ he smiled warmly. ‘Why don't you go and get dressed? I'll ask Mrs R to bring us some breakfast.’
‘I'm not sure I can eat.’
‘You must, you’ll need to keep your strength up. You’ve had a terrible shock.’
Reluctantly, Evie left the room and as she walked to the stairs, she found Tony and Clare walking down, arm in arm. Simms was trailing behind them, carrying their cases.
‘Morning Evie,’ Tony tried to say breezily. He looked dreadful. An ugly purple bruise had formed above his eye where he fell, and his lips were swollen. Clare looked as though she’d seen a ghost - that startled expression more pronounced than ever; and her deathly white pallor didn't befit the beautiful sunny weather they were experiencing at that moment.
‘You leaving?’ Evie asked.
‘Clare doesn't want to be in a house where a murder took place, do you Clare?’
‘No,’ Clare whispered.
‘The police have done all their questioning so we're pushing off.’
They got to the bottom of the stairs and joined Evie, while Simms went out to Tony's car.
‘I'm so sorry it's ended like this,’ Evie said. ‘We were having such a lovely time as well.’
‘You have nothing to be sorry for Evie,’ Tony said. ‘I solely place the blame on your step-brother's shoulders, If he hadn’t brought a man like that to the house none of this would have happened.’
‘Can we just go Tony?’ Clare asked. ‘I feel giddy.’
‘Of course, of course.’
He offered his hand to Evie and she shook it.
‘Hopefully we'll meet again in London,’ he said. ‘Thank Peter for his hospitality.’
They turned and walked out of the door, and within seconds of them leaving, Tommy walked in. And with his trilby cocked to the back of his head and his hands in his trouser pockets, that cheeky little boy didn't seem too far away.
‘Where are they going?’ he asked Evie, looking over his shoulder at Tony and Clare.
‘Back home. Apparently you said it was alright.’
‘Wasn't me. It must have been DCI Francis.’
Just as he went to walk to Evie, another man appeared on the door step. He was small and weasel-like, and holding a notepad. Without being told, Evie just knew he was a journalist.
‘Reg Chisholm, Daily Sketch!’ he called out. Tommy turned around and marched up to him, pushing him by the shoulders, making him stumble off the step.
‘Sod off!’ he said.
‘Is it true a young girl was raped and murdered last night?’ the journalist continued to shout.
‘I told you to go away,’ Tommy shouted, this time flashing him his warrant card. ‘Now get lost or I'll arrest you.’
The journalist finally scuttled off and Tommy came back into the house.
‘Is it true?’ Evie uttered. ‘That Claudia wasn't just murdered?’
‘It looks that way,’ Tommy nodded. ‘No doubt someone at the coroner's office has tipped the papers off.’
‘That poor girl,’ Evie cried. ‘She was only a child.’
‘Don't upset yourself Evie,’ he said, giving a hapless smile that made his craggy face crease up even more. ‘Hopefully we've got the right suspect in custody and you're perfectly safe.’
Suddenly there was a voice from behind Evie. It was Peter.
‘Is everything okay officer?’ he asked. 
‘Yes, thank you sir,’ Tommy said. ‘I'm just here today to interview members of staff and oversee the officers who are dusting for fingerprints.’
‘The press are hanging around,’ Evie said to Peter. ‘Our names are going to be dragged through the mud.’
‘We have nothing to be ashamed of,’ Peter said, walking up to Evie and laying his hand upon her shoulder. ‘Now don't you think you should go and get dressed?’
‘Yes of course. I'm sorry.’
Evie went up to her room and had a bath and got dressed. Afterwards, she looked out of her window and saw Tommy down on the drive, having a cigarette and a laugh with a uniformed officer. It was strange how they were here to investigate a murder and yet they could laugh so easily. Evie had heard it called Gallows Humour. Just like in the war when old women would lean out of their windows calling for Mr Hitler to dare come and get them. The human spirit always won out in times of tragedy.
Tommy must have sensed her looking at him, because he turned and looked up at the window, giving her a little wave. Evie blushed and waved back, retreating quickly into the bedroom. She sat upon the bed, and took stock of the situation, wondering what was going to happen today. If Claudia hadn’t been killed, her and Peter would have returned to London and the club. But that had all been put on hold. Frank, the assistant manager would have to hold the fort while Evie and Peter tried to keep everything running as smoothly as possible here. Evie was determined to offer Peter as much support as she possibly could. After all, Claudia was both their cousin; and after what Tony had said, she felt somewhat guilty. It was true. Stephen was her step-brother, and it seemed he'd brought a murderer into the house.
Evie went downstairs to the breakfast room and was a little disappointed and disturbed to find Rebecca Stansfield in there, sitting opposite Peter, looking very relaxed and at home, pouring herself a cup of tea.
‘Hello,’ Evie said. ‘Where's Moira?’
‘She decided she’d feel safer at home, so our driver came to pick her up last night,’ Rebecca said. ‘I thought I'd stay on in case the family needed any help.’
Evie bristled and sat next to Peter, biting her tongue and not saying that it was her place to offer support, not his ex-fiance. Peter took the tea pot off Rebecca and poured Evie a cup.
‘Imelda and my grandparents are coming back today, darling,’ he said. ‘It’s only appropriate they’re here with everything that’s going on.’
‘Where are Stephen and Adam?’ Evie asked.
‘At the police station, awaiting news of Abe. They left early this morning, and I imagine they’ll be going home afterwards.’
‘Without saying goodbye?!’ she cried.
‘I don't think they dare show their faces,’ Rebecca chipped in. ‘After all, they were the ones who brought Abe into the house, and look what he's done.’
‘Nothing's been proven yet!’ Evie snapped. ‘This house was full of men and boys, anyone could have done it.’
‘Shhsh Evie,’ Peter said, laying his hand upon her arm. ‘Don't get yourself into a state. No one's blaming you for anything. And I personally don't blame Stephen. Let's face it, we were all taken in by Abe. He seemed a thoroughly nice chap.’
‘But you can never tell with people like that,’ Rebecca sighed. ‘It's not really even his fault. I'm perfectly aware that some Negroes are treated quite badly by their masters where he comes from in America. It's quite feasible he holds a grudge towards white people and he took it out on Claudia.’
‘Will he be hanged for it?’ Evie cried.
‘Of course darling,’ nodded Peter. ‘It's cold bloodied murder.’
‘It's so terrible,’ she winced. ‘Terrible in so many ways.’
From then on, Peter and Rebecca seemed to ignore her, and left her to it. Rebecca took charge of the situation, advising Peter that it was for the best she spoke to the staff and advise them not to talk to any journalists. She also said she was going to ask Mrs Roman to clean Lord and Lady Ashleigh's room, as the police would have no doubt left it in a mess. Peter locked himself away in the study as he had phone-calls to make, and so Evie went back to her room and wondered what her next course of action should be. A part of her wanted to go and see Abe, but she didn't know where he was or if he could receive visitors. And if she did so, what would Peter think of her? Had Abe not become the enemy? Even though nothing was so far proven. He was the only person in the frame for killing Claudia.
She heard a car pull up on the drive, and went to her window and saw it was Stephen and Adam. She left her room and ran downstairs and out of the house. The two men got out of the car, and they both looked shattered - no doubt they had spent the whole night at the police station.
‘What's happening?’ Evie cried.
‘Let's go into the house Evie,’ Stephen said, sleepily rubbing one of his eyes with the heel of his hand. ‘This isn't the place to talk.’
They went inside and Evie took them up to her room. She suddenly realised she felt more comfortable with her step-brother and his friend than she did with Peter and Rebecca. She hated this feeling of not belonging here - Paradise was as much hers as it was Peter's. More so. Her father was the heir. Peter had just got it through a stroke of luck.
Adam was exhausted and flopped down onto the bed, while Stephen sat at the end. Evie perched in the window seat, and as she glanced out of the window, she noticed another, unknown man hanging around. This one had a flashbulb around his neck - no doubt another member of the press. She hoped one of the other police officers would deal with him. She had no idea where Tommy was.
‘They've taken Abe to Guildford Police Station,’ Stephen said. ‘There aren't any cells at Haslemere and they had to hold him overnight.’
‘Have they charged him?’
Stephen shook his head.
‘I get the feeling they haven't enough evidence. Of course they didn't tell us anything. But I think if they don't find any evidence soon they'll have to let him go.’
‘If they charge him and he goes to court and gets found guilty, he'll be hanged, just like his dad.’
‘I suppose the difference is that his dad didn't murder anyone.’
‘We don't know for sure Abe did.’
‘Well the police questioned everyone, and Abe was the only person who didn't have an alibi.’
‘He'd been drinking. Maybe he fell asleep or something.’
‘We've got to leave it in the police's hands,’ Stephen sighed. ‘There's nothing we can do.’ He banged his hands upon his knees. ‘Adam and I are going to book into a B&B in Guildford,’ he said. ‘We can be near to Abe then, and away from here. I'm perfectly aware that I'm somehow considered to be to blame for this.’
‘They seem to think you should have realised Abe was some kind of monster. I don't agree with it. Abe seemed perfectly lovely, and until I see concrete proof, I’m going to keep an open mind about him murdering Claudia.’
Stephen smiled and leaned forward, grasping his sister's hand.
‘You don't want to come to Guildford with us do you?’ he said. ‘I'm sure we could find a room for you too.’
‘I'll stay here. Rebecca Stansfield's trying to get her claws into Peter, so I'm going to stick around and stake my claim.’
‘Okay,’ Stephen said. ‘Well we'll keep in touch and let you know when we're heading back to London.’
‘Please do, and if you do speak to Abe, give him my best.’

Evie left Stephen and Adam in her room to have a nap before driving to Guildford. She made her way downstairs and found the house in a flurry of activity. Mrs Roman was fussing around the lobby straightening things that the Police had knocked over; and Sims was coming in with suitcases. Mrs Roman looked at Evie.
‘Go and tell Master Peter that Lord and Lady Ashleigh and Mrs Bailey have arrived,’ she said. Evie refused to move – she wasn’t some sort of under-maid and refused to be treated like one. Incensed, Mrs Roman put her hand on her hip and pointed in the direction of the study. ‘Well go on girl!’ she shouted.
Evie bristled with anger, wishing she had the nerve to tell the old woman off for speaking to her in this way. But she was treading on egg shells as it was. Mrs Roman was thought of very highly by the family, and they wouldn’t appreciate Evie talking down to her. Sticking her chin in the air, Evie turned and went to the study, knocking on the door. Peter called for her to come in. She entered and found him at the desk, writing a letter. She didn’t ask who he was writing to, feeling it was none of her business.
‘Your grandparents and Aunt have arrived back,’ she said.
‘Where's Mrs R?’ he frowned.
‘She asked me to get you.’
‘That's what my grandfather pays her to do. Okay Evie, thanks.’ He put down his pen and stood up, and he and Evie left the room together. They walked into the lobby, just as Lord and Lady Ashleigh and Imelda entered the house. Lord Ashleigh was a giant of a man, with a head of white hair and a bushy beard. He dwarfed Lady Ashleigh - who although was tall, was very skinny and seemed to disappear next to him. Alongside her, holding her arm was Imelda. She was a little older than Evie and wearing a black dress and jacket and a hat with a small black veil. Evie could see that underneath it she was very pretty.
‘Welcome home,’ Peter said, rushing forward. ‘I'm so sorry Aunt Imelda.’
‘I just want to go to my room,’ the woman said quietly. ‘I want to be on my own.’
She turned and walked up the stairs, Lady Ashleigh looking up at her.
‘Do you want me to get Mrs Roman to bring you anything?’
‘No thank you Mama,’ she replied. ‘I'll be okay.’
Lord and Lady Ashleigh came forward and Simms rushed up to Lady Ashleigh to take her jacket. She looked at Evie and furrowed her brow, as if she recognised her.
‘Who are you?’ she asked, and Evie realised she could still hear a trace of her Swedish accent.
‘This is Miss Evelyn Wallis, Mormor,’ Peter said. ‘Evie, this is my grandfather, Lord Ashleigh, and my grandmother Lady Ashleigh.’
Evie shook hands with them both, making sure she did an understated curtsey. She noticed how Peter hadn't introduced them to her by their Christian names and she felt very much put in her place.
Lady Ashleigh disconcerted Evie by keeping her in her gaze, and scrutinising and examining her like she was some foreign object that had been planted into her home.
‘Where are you from?’ she snapped.
‘London Ma'am,’ Evie replied, trying to smile politely. When she did, Lady Ashleigh paled somewhat, and clutched her chest.
‘Oh my dear girl you must excuse me. I think it is the shock of my granddaughter dying. I feel as though I am seeing ghosts.’
Evie wondered if she meant William. As Evie had seen now, she did resemble her father - especially about the eyes, and who better to recognise this than his own mother? It was hard to comprehend that these strangers were her grandparents. And even harder because she would never be able to tell them.
‘Why don't you both come into the garden?’ Peter suggested. ‘I'll get Mrs R to bring you some tea. Rebecca's out there.’
‘Rebecca?’ Lady Ashleigh frowned.
‘Rebecca Stansfield. I'm sure you'd love to see her again.’
He took his grandmother's arm and led her to the back of the house, while Lord Ashleigh followed behind. Peter turned around and looked at Evie.
‘Evie can you stick around here in case the Police want to ask any questions or Aunt Imelda needs anything and Mrs R is too busy?’
‘Yes of course,’ Evie replied, realising that everything had changed. Maybe it was because Peter blamed her for Stephen bringing Abe into the house. Maybe Rebecca being here reminded him of what he’d given up and who he was supposed to be. Whatever the reason, Evie could feel the closeness they’d shared slipping away.
Unsure of what she was supposed to be doing, Evie went outside onto the gravel drive. The Midday sun was scorching; and everything seemed so idyllic that it was hard to believe that less than twenty four hours ago, a murder had taken place. There was the sound of heavy footsteps approaching from her right, and when she looked round, she found Tommy walking towards her; and to Evie's embarrassment, her heart gave a little flip on seeing him. Feeling foolish, she blushed.
‘I was just coming to look for the master of the house,’ he said, and she could see he was holding something in his hand. ‘Is he around?’
Tommy's brash London accent sounded so alien after a weekend spent with the higher echelons of society. He was like a glimpse of the new world. Just fifty years ago, a boy like Tommy would have been a footman or some other lowly servant. But today, in these times where class was mattering less and less, someone like him could make it as a high-ranking policeman and throw his weight around, giving orders and calling the shots.
‘He's with his grandparents in the garden,’ Evie said. ‘I don't think he'll want to be disturbed. Can I help?’
He stepped up to her and held out a pair of tweezers. Between their pincers was a large, white, pearl button.
‘Do you know who this belongs to?’ he asked.
‘No, I can't say I do. Why?’
‘It was near to the crime scene. I've just radioed into the station and it would seem Abraham Gillespie had no buttons missing from his shirt. Of course that doesn't mean a thing as he might have changed his clothes before he was arrested.’
Evie didn't know what to say. She recalled him coming into the drawing room with his shirt buttoned up wrongly. Was that because he'd changed? Things were certainly looking bad for him.
‘I take it Mr Gillespie's belongings are still here?’
‘Yes. Nothing's been moved.’
‘I'll get some officers to check his room, see if he stuffed the shirt somewhere.’
‘My step-brother tells me they haven't charged Abe yet. Why is that?’
Tommy looked around, checking to see if anyone was about, then took Evie's elbow and led her to a small nook beside the front door. It was framed by dense ivy, and from here no one would be able to see them.
‘This is off the record,’ he said. ‘You promise me Evie?’
‘Of course.’
‘The coroner found traces of blood under the victim's fingernails. It would seem she scratched her assailant, and Abraham Gillespie has no scratches on him.’
‘Well that's good then, it means he's innocent.’
Tommy pulled an uncomfortable expression.
‘You don't know my Super,’ he said. ‘If this was an ordinary case, with an ordinary family, he'd let it go. But these are an old family - Lords and Ladies. He's going to want a quick arrest, and if he can make anything stick on Gillespie, he will.’
‘Even if he's innocent?’
‘Not if he can prove he's innocent, no. But if there's no proof he's not guilty....’
‘That's awful. Surely they can't do that?’
‘Believe me, I’ve seen people stitched up before. Thankfully no-one’s ever been hung. More often than not, it goes to appeal and it gets commuted to life. But even so, it sits badly with me Evie. It means innocent men are in prison and the true culprits are walking around. Trouble is, I can't challenge my superiors, so I have to turn a blind eye.’ He looked at his watch.’
Anyway, let me talk to my officers and I'll see what they can do. Then it'll be the end of my shift.’
‘Stay and have a cup of tea with me!’ Evie suddenly blurted out. Tommy did a double take.
‘I'm sorry?’
‘When you've finished your shift. Come and have a cup of tea with me. If anyone sees you, they'll just think you're asking more questions.’
He hesitated, then smiled that cheeky smile.
‘Go on,’ he said. ‘I suppose I should stick around while the officers are searching Gillespie's room.’
‘Good,’ Evie beamed. ‘I'll be in the small drawing room.’
She went to walk off, but he stopped her.
‘You suit being here you know?’ he said.
Evie turned to look at him.
‘I’m sorry?’
‘You suit being here. You always were like a princess or someone special when we lived in Pimlico. You suit being here.’
‘Thanks,’ she smiled. ‘In truth I feel like a fish out of water.’

Evie went into the house with a big smile on her face. She wasn't sure if she was happy because things were looking up for Abe, or just that she was happy to be with Tommy again. His comment that she belonged here had picked her up, and she felt better about herself. She did belong here. This was her family home, even if no one else knew. She decided it was time to assert herself, and so she went into the drawing room and picked up the phone and rang down into the servants' quarters. It was answered by Mrs Roman.
‘Hello,’ she said politely, obviously thinking it was one of her betters.
‘It's Miss Wallis,’ Evie said. ‘Can you bring up a pot of tea and two cups? I'm in the small drawing room.’
‘I'm rather busy...’
‘Just bring them up please Mrs Roman. I'll be with Detective Sergeant Mulligan.’
Evie put down the phone and sat on the sofa, feeling bucked with herself for making a stand. Mrs Roman had taken too many liberties in the past couple of days. Her attitude stank and Evie was determined not to stand for it any more. She was a guest in this house, not a servant, and she deserved to be treated as such.
There was a knock on the door and Tommy entered. He smiled sheepishly and removed his hat before sitting on the chair by the window. 
‘The tea will be here in a minute,’ Evie said. He replied by just nodding, and this made her laugh.
‘Why do you look so nervous?’ she asked.
‘I'm not here as a police officer,’ he said. ‘I'm here as a guest. And you're lady of the house.’
‘I'm far from that,’ she scoffed. ‘I'm made to feel little more than a servant most of the time.’
‘Why's that then?’
‘The housekeeper remembers Mum so she thinks I'm no better than a maid, myself.’
‘Your mum was always classy,’ Tommy smiled. ‘Most of the boys down Morrison Street fancied her at some point.’
‘My Mum!’ she gasped, laughing. ‘But she was so much older than you.’
‘She was the best looking bird down that street. That was until you started to grow up.’
He looked down and blushed slightly.
‘I've overstepped the mark.’
‘No, you haven't at all. It's nice to talk to someone who remembers my mum. And not as an annoying maid either.’
‘I know I should have kept in touch, but I thought what with everything you’d been through, you’d want to forget London and get on with your new life. I didn’t think you’d want to know me.’
‘Tommy, I will always be grateful to you for looking after me when my mum died. I don't know how I would have coped without you. I wanted you to keep in touch. What happened to you?’
‘A year after your mum died, Mr Billington moved us into a house in Croydon. Then I joined up, and when I came home I joined Surrey police.’
‘You didn't want to go to Scotland Yard?’
He shook his head.
‘London held too many bad memories, what with the war and everything. I decided to stay in Surrey. When I was moved up to Detective Sergeant, I went to Guildford.’
‘Are you still living in Croydon?’
‘No, I'm living in police digs in Guildford. It's cramped but it's cheap.’
‘So you never married?’
‘Oh I married,’ he grouched. ‘That's why I'm living in police digs. She chucked me over for my old Chief Super in Epsom. As well as that, she kicked me out and moved him in. When we married, her old man paid most of the money on the house so she had every right to do it. Gina wanted the best in life and I couldn't offer it. Once the divorce comes through and she sells the house, the share I’ll get will be so paltry, I’ll barely be able to afford a little flat somewhere.’
‘Were you married long?’
‘Five years. What about you?’
‘No,’ she laughed wanly. ‘I don’t think I’m cut out to be someone’s wife. Looks like I'm going to end up a spinster.’
‘You! Never. What about the Lord and Master? Ain't he going to put a ring on your finger?’
‘Peter? I doubt it. Now his ex-fiancé and his grandparents have turned up, I've been cast aside.’
‘You been with him long?’
‘About a month. This weekend was supposed to be so special, and it's just ended in disaster.’
Mrs Roman came in with the tea tray, and it was amazing how, in front of a police officer, she was on her best behaviour. Like she was supposed to do, she poured the tea and asked if there was anything else Evie required and she said no and happily dismissed her.
‘What was Claudia Bailey like?’ Tommy asked.
‘Well she came across as very mature for her age, but I think deep down she was just as silly as any other seventeen year old girl. I'd say she craved male attention judging by the skimpy clothes she wore.’
‘Do you think she could have provoked the murderer?’
‘Possibly. Although no one deserves to be murdered. At the end of the day she was little more than a child.’
‘I've seen it happen so many times before. A young girl thinks she knows what she's doing and ends up biting off more than she can chew.’
‘I suppose you become hardened to things in your job.’
‘Pretty much. Although even I got a surprise when I saw you yesterday. Maybe when this is all over we could go for a drink and catch up on old times.’
‘Are you allowed to do that?’
‘You're not a suspect Evie!’ he laughed. ‘I don't mean anything untoward. I know you're with Salter, but it would be nice to see you again. Find out what happened to you.’
Before he could say any more, there was a knock on the door and a young police officer stuck his head round.
Can I have a word guv?’ He asked.
‘Certainly Edwards,’ replied Tommy and he excused himself to Evie, and left the room. Evie sat smarting a little - wondering if she'd done the right thing in agreeing to go for a drink with Tommy. How would Peter feel about her having a drink with another man, even if he was no more than a childhood friend? It didn't help that she found Tommy so attractive - more than she did Peter if she was honest. But Peter offered much more. Peter offered this - Barnham House, a life away from the seediness of London. With Tommy she would have to go on working; or if they married and had a family, would have to live on a policeman’s modest wages. She had no doubt that would be quite comfortable, but nothing compared to the luxury she would be afforded if she stayed in Paradise.
Tommy returned, shutting the door behind him and sitting back down.
‘There was nothing in Gillespie's room,’ he said. ‘This looks like it's going to be one of those cases that runs and runs.’
‘Off the record, and I swear on Mum's memory I'll never breathe a word to a soul. Do you think Abe killed Claudia?’
Tommy looked at her and she could see him wrestling with his conscience. He bit his bottom lip and stared into his tea cup, swirling the liquid around.
‘No,’ he said quietly. ‘I don't.’
Chapter Ten

Evie was finally allowed to join the rest of the family for dinner that evening. They came together in the small dining room, and Evie resented the fact that Rebecca was still here, and yet her step-brother and his friend had been forced to move out. Even though she’d been invited to eat with Peter and his (and her) grandparents, Evie still felt like a servant who’d been given a treat and allowed to sit with her betters. Rebecca sat holding court, talking of things that had happened when she was a child during her stays at Barnham House. Evie had no idea to what she was referring, and so kept quiet, eating her soup and remembering her place.
There was a knock on the door, and Simms came into the room, stepping up to Peter.
‘There’s a telephone call for you Sir,’ he said. ‘Guildford Police Station.’
Evie wanted to go with him and find out what had happened to Abe but she didn’t want to cause a scene and so remained where she was. Peter thanked Simms and left the room.
‘I do hope Imelda comes down soon,’ Lady Ashleigh fretted. ‘She’s not going to get better by wallowing.’
Evie thought this a heartless remark. Imelda had just lost her only child, and she was clearly heart-broken. She needed comfort, not to be treated like some sort of inconvenience. Lady Ashleigh of all people should sympathise. Did she not lose her only son in the war? Wasn’t that why she’d found Evie so fascinating earlier that day? She’d looked at her and saw William’s face staring back. Imelda needed to come to terms with all that had happened. Only then would she be ready to face everyone.
‘Will you be going to St Cerre for the summer?’ Rebecca asked, taking a sip of her wine.
‘We thought we'd go to Cornwall,’ replied Lord Ashleigh. ‘The Trevelyans have a wonderful little cottage by the sea.’
‘Sounds divine.’
Evie wondered how they could talk like this when their granddaughter hadn't been dead for twenty-four hours. Shouldn't they be crying and lamenting her life? Demanding justice and comforting their daughter in her blackest hour? Evie had seen more emotion from people when they'd had their pet dog put down.
‘What about you Evie?’ Rebecca asked. ‘Where do you go for the summer?’
Evie blushed, knowing she was just asking this to be spiteful. Peter must have told her that Evie was working-class. It was highly unlikely she’d have some fancy holiday home.
‘I remain in London,’ she replied. ‘I figure that people from abroad pay a lot of money to come over and visit London. So I should make the most of it for free.’
‘Do you work Evelyn?’ Lord Ashleigh asked.
‘Yes, I work in the club with Peter,’ she replied.
‘So you're a hostess?!’ crowed Lady Ashleigh.
‘More than that. I’m more of an assistant manager.’
‘Peter tells me your mother worked here.’ Lady Ashleigh couldn't hide the contempt in her voice, and Evie felt herself shrink even further back into her seat.
‘Yes, she was a maid. You would have known her as Daisy West.’  
‘Daisy!’ gasped Lady Ashleigh, clasping her hands together. ‘I remember Daisy. She saved Imelda from drowning. I knew you reminded me of someone. I thought....How is your mother?’
‘She died in the war Ma'am.’
‘Oh I am sorry to hear that. She was a delightful girl. Very spirited. What about your father?’
Evie had to think on her feet. She hoped her grandmother wouldn't ask how old she was, because it would make explanation very difficult. To tell her true age would mean Lady Ashleigh would be able to do her sums and quickly work out that Daisy had never been married whilst she was in her employment. 
‘He's dead,’ she replied. Then much to her relief, the door opened and Peter walked back in wearing a grave expression.
‘That was Chief Inspector Cramer,’ he said, sitting back down. ‘They've charged Abe with Claudia's murder.’
‘Charged him!’ Evie gasped. ‘But I thought they had no concrete evidence.’
‘Who told you that?’ snapped Rebecca.
‘No one,’ she uttered. ‘But they wouldn't have spent so long looking for things if they had, surely?’
‘It's part of their job darling,’ Peter said. ‘They have to make sure nothing is left behind.’
‘But if he's charged, does that mean he's going to have to stand trial?’
‘Yes. He's up before the magistrate tomorrow morning.’
‘Poor Abe,’ she said without thinking, and when the eyes of everyone in the room turned on her, she blushed once again.
‘What do you mean Poor Abe?’ Lady Ashleigh asked. ‘He murdered my granddaughter.’
‘I know, but...well, he just seemed so nice. It's so hard to believe he did it. And there were so many other boys at the party…..’
‘And they all had alibis,’ Peter said. ‘It's just Abe who can't account for where he was.’
‘No doubt he thought he would try his luck with a white girl,’ Lord Ashleigh said. ‘But of course Claudia wouldn't entertain the fact, so she rebuffed him. This angered him and it spurred him on to murder her.’
Evie wondered if she should open her mouth and say just how much Claudia had made it clear she liked Abe, but she guessed it wasn't the right thing to do. They probably wouldn't believe her anyway.
‘Or perhaps he just wanted to kill a white person in revenge for what happened to his father,’ Peter pondered.  He looked around at everyone. ‘His father was accused of a crime and lynched by the Ku Klux Klan.’
‘Can we please stop this horrid conversation at the dinner table?’ Lady Ashleigh insisted. ‘It's most inappropriate. That horrid man is behind bars now, and tomorrow we can start planning Claudia's funeral.’
Evie realised any appetite she'd had was gone, and she no longer wanted to be in this room. There was so much she wanted to say. She knew deep down they blamed Stephen for bringing Abe into the house, and as Stephen wasn’t here, she was to blame by proxy. Before things went even more wrong, Evie guessed it was appropriate that she took her leave.
‘If you'll excuse me,’ she said. ‘The shock of everything has given me a headache. I think I will go to bed.’
‘Probably for the best darling,’ Peter said. ‘It's been quite stressful for all of us.’
Evie left the room and as she went, she felt her fantasy slipping away from her. She was never going to be able to tell Lord and Lady Ashleigh that she was their granddaughter. To them she was the daughter of one of their maids, and a passing whimsy of Peter's. She wondered if she should leave and be done with it. She could go to Guildford and stay with Stephen and Adam. At least she’d be wanted there.
As she walked through the lobby, she received a shock to find Imelda walking down the stairs. She carried the gait of someone who was defeated. Her shoulders were hunched, the black shift dress she wore hung off her slim body. She looked so much like Claudia, it was astonishing. Her hair was a lighter auburn, but she had that same sulky expression and seductive mouth. It was like seeing a ghost, or a glimpse of the woman Claudia would have become.
‘Where are they?’ she asked.
‘Having dinner in the small dining room.’
‘I was just coming down to get a drink. Will you join me?’
How could Evie refuse? She felt so sorry for Imelda. She was the one who had suffered the greatest loss, and yet no one seemed interested in how she was feeling.
‘Of course,’ she said.
She followed Imelda into the small drawing room, and sat upon the sofa while Imelda went to the drinks cabinet and poured two glasses of brandy. She then passed one to Evie and sat beside her. She looked at her, furrowing her brow.
‘I'm sorry, we weren't introduced properly. You're Peter's friend aren't you?’
‘Yes, I am,’ Evie replied. ‘I'm so sorry for your loss.’
‘How was she?’ Imelda asked, looking down into her glass. ‘Over the weekend? How was she? Please tell me she was happy.’
‘She was very happy. She had her friends around her and she looked so beautiful.’
‘Mother tells me they've arrested someone for it.’
‘Yes, he's been charged.’
‘Who is it?’
‘A friend of my step-brother. We had no idea he was capable of such a thing. He seemed like a nice man. We're still not sure if he really did it.’
Evie didn't know why she added that last bit. Imelda's family were positive Abe had done it, so she had no right to speak for them. But it was too late to take it back now.
Imelda gulped down the brandy and went to the cabinet and poured herself another glass.
‘I didn't do enough for her,’ she declared, and Evie wondered if she felt able to make this confession because it was to a stranger. Would she have been able to express such self-doubt to her parents or nephew?  She sat back down and once again gulped down her glass of brandy. This time she didn't refill it - just put the tumbler onto the mahogany coffee table.
‘I got married too young,’ she continued. ‘I was a child myself when I had Claudia. When I divorced I just wanted to go off and see the world, not be a mother. She was left to her own devices and she grew up too fast.’
‘You can't punish yourself,’ Evie said. ‘Claudia seemed a very happy girl.’
Imelda looked at her.
‘I'm so sorry, what is your name?’
‘Evelyn, Evie...Wallis.’
‘You look so familiar Evie,’ she said. 
‘My mother was a maid here,’ Evie replied. ‘Many years ago. Apparently she saved you from drowning once.’
‘Daisy!’ she gasped, and for the first time, a faint smile flickered across those full lips. ‘Daisy was so lovely. She's your mother?’
‘Yes. Well, she died in the war.’
‘I'm so sorry to hear that. What happened to her? I was just a small child when she left. She just seemed to disappear.’
‘She married my father and went to London, and when he died, she brought me up on her own. She was a supervisor at Denby's in Victoria up until she died.’
‘Yes, she was always too pretty to just be a maid. She'd have been far more suited being on display on a shop floor. I remember being quite enchanted with her. You know what little girls are like with older girls who are pretty - they want to grow up and be like them.’
The smile left as a memory obviously entered her mind and clouded her thoughts.
‘Are you staying for long?’ she then asked Evie.
‘As long as Peter needs me.’
‘Have you been seeing him long?’
‘A month or so.’
‘A month and you get thrust into this. I'd do a runner if I were you.’
‘It's okay, I like being here. I suppose because of my mum, I feel akin to the house....and the family.’
Imelda smiled and reached out, grasping Evie's hand.
‘I like you,’ she said. ‘You seem nice. The family will be arriving en masse tomorrow, so it will be good to have someone normal around to chat to. My older sister will just berate me for being a bad mother, and my niece will no doubt inform me what a wicked girl Claudia was.’
‘Peter's sister?’
‘Have you met Serena?’
‘No.’
‘Oh you will. She's nothing like her brother. Sometimes I despair of the whole family. Do you want another drink?’
‘No I'm fine, thank you.’
Imelda got off of the sofa and went over to the cabinet, pouring a third drink. Evie noticed her hands were shaking.
‘Maybe it's for the best Claud is dead,’ she declared.
‘Don't say that,’ Evie replied.
‘She was never going to fit in. My mother has certain standards. Expectations, shall we say? And if you don't fit them. Well, you're dealt with.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Oh nothing,’ Imelda sighed, her shoulders slumping. She sat beside Evie once more and put the full glass onto the table. ‘I used to worry about Claudia. When she was fourteen she became infatuated with my friend's husband. Unfortunately it was reciprocated, and she ended up pregnant. We only avoided a scandal by sending her to a clinic in Switzerland. Ever since then she's behaved oddly. She reminds me a lot of my brother.’
‘W-William?’ Evie uttered.
‘Yes,’ Imelda smiled sadly. ‘Poor William. He was like a beautiful wild animal. My poor Claudia was the same. The erratic behaviour obviously runs in the family.’
‘But William came good in the end. He died a hero.’
‘A hero?’
‘He was shot down in the war.’
‘Yes, yes of course he was. But he used to get into such terrible trouble when he was younger. Mother never approved.’
Evie could have screamed when there was a knock on the door and Sims entered.
‘There's a telephone call for you Miss Wallis,’ he said.
‘Thank you,’ she replied politely and excused herself from Imelda. She went into the hall and Simms passed the receiver to her.
‘It's Mr Cray,’ he said.
‘Thank you.’
Evie took the receiver and watched Simms descend down into the servants' quarters.
‘Hello Stephen,’ she said.
‘Have you heard the news?’ he replied, his voice tense. ‘They've charged Abe with Claudia's murder.’
‘Yes, Peter told me. Have they found any evidence?’
‘No. But Abe still refuses to say where he was at the time of the murder. We're heading back to London to see Christopher.’
‘Your Uncle Christopher?’
‘Yes. I'm going to ask him to represent Abe. I still don't believe he did it Evie.’
‘Neither do I,’ Evie whispered. ‘Although it seems cut and dried to the family.’
‘I think he's protecting someone. I don't know who, but whoever it is, they're not worth facing the noose for.’
‘You'll let me know how you get on won't you?’
‘Of course. How are things there?’
‘Fraught, but I'll stick around for a while. Apparently the rest of the family are arriving tomorrow. Peter will need my support.’
‘Abe is going to need us too, just remember that Evie.’
‘I know,’ she said, a sob escaping her mouth. ‘I'm sorry Stephen. I feel as though I'm letting everyone down.’
‘Of course you're not.  Don't be hard on yourself. I'll phone you as soon as I've spoken to Christopher.’
Evie put down the phone and went back into the drawing room, hoping to glean more information from Imelda; but unfortunately she found her asleep, slumped across the sofa, snoring loudly. Disappointed that she couldn't find out any more family secrets from her aunt, Evie left the room and went up to bed. She had a feeling tomorrow was going to be a difficult day.

***

Evie received a surprise the next morning when she was awoken by Peter knocking on the door and entering the room. Evie felt strangely coy. Even though they had slept together, there seemed to be something indecent about him seeing her just in her nightdress and still in bed, in the family home. She sat up and pulled the covers around herself.
‘What is it?’ she asked.
‘Would you come to Guildford with me to pick up Abe and Clare Woodward-Jones?’
‘What?’
Peter sat on the bed, rubbing his hand across his face.
‘Apparently Clare walked into Guildford Police Station this morning and confessed that Abe had been with her when Claudia was murdered. They’re releasing him, pending further investigation.’
‘So he didn’t do it!’ Evie gasped.
‘It would seem not. I don’t know any more than that, except that Abe has to stay in the county for the time being. There’s an old lodge on the outskirts of the estate. No one is living there at the moment, so I’m going to drop Clare and Abe off there until further arrangements can be made. Thing is, the family are arriving today, so I’ll need someone to act as a go-between. I don’t want anyone knowing that they’re here, so I was wondering if you could be the one to do it.’
‘Yes of course!’ she gasped, glad that he needed her once more. ‘Thank you. Of course, I’ll do whatever it takes.’
‘Good girl. Get dressed and we’ll get going.’

As they left the house, Evie got a shock when a journalist popped out of the bushes and took a photograph. Peter stormed over to him and demanded the film from his camera. When he refused, Peter took him by the collar and threw him down the steps. The journalist scurried off and Peter and Evie then went round to the garage to get his car and set off up to Guildford.
‘If Abe didn’t murder Claudia, who did?’ Evie asked as they drove through St Paul’s Dean.
‘I’ve no idea. It could be anyone. It could even be someone who broke in on Saturday night. Although it is strange that whoever did it knew about the other part of the house and the orgy room.’
‘I suppose it could have been one of the hired staff we had in. Claudia was a very pretty girl. They could have been taken with her and she rebuffed their advances.’
‘I suppose we can’t take for granted that it’s not Abe. Clare is sweet on him. She could just be covering for him.’
Half an hour later they reached the large red-bricked building in Guildford Town Centre. Peter told Evie to wait in the car while he went in to fetch Clare and Abe. Evie sat patiently, looking out of the window, and her heart skipped a beat when the door to the newsagents across the road opened and Tommy came out, lighting a cigarette and running back over to the station. Evie couldn’t stop herself and wound down the window, calling him as he passed. Looking round to see where the voice came from, he smiled when he saw it was Evie. He crouched down, and leant against the window.
‘How are you?’ he asked.
‘All the better for knowing Abe is being released,’ Evie said.
‘I’ll be back at the house later to ask some more questions about Anthony Woodward-Jones.’
‘Tony?’ Evie frowned.
‘Yeah. I thought you would have known. He’s gone on the run.’
‘Really? Why?’
‘Turns out Clare Woodward–Jones was his alibi. And with her now saying she was with Gillespie, that means Mr Woodward-Jones can’t account for his whereabouts at the time Miss Bailey was killed. There are other factors too, but here isn’t the place to discuss them. I’ll be over with my officers later. I’ll see you then Evie.’
He stood up and jogged up the steps to the front door. Evie sat back and took stock of the situation. She hadn’t been aware of what Tony’s alibi was, but now thinking about it, it all made sense. He’d had cuts and bruises; he’d been quick to point the finger of blame at Abe. Evie had just put it down to his prejudice; but maybe it had been just to deflect attention away from himself.
Sensing movement, Evie turned and spotted the others emerging from the station. Abe looked exhausted, and Clare looked different, dressed down in an ordinary black polo top and ski pants, her face devoid of make-up, and her hair pulled back in a pony tail. Peter opened the door for her and she climbed into the back, then Abe got in beside her. Peter then joined Evie in the front.
‘Hello Clare. Abe,’ Evie said.
‘Hello Evie,’ Clare replied.
‘Thanks for coming to meet me,’ Abe said. Evie looked at Peter.
‘We should go and tell Stephen and Adam,’ she said. ‘They’re heading up to London to see Stephen’s uncle who’s a barrister.’
‘Okay, where are they staying?’
‘A bed and breakfast called The Oaks on Bright Hill.’
‘Okay, let’s go and get them and we’ll all go back to the lodge.’
They drove to the bed and breakfast and picked up Stephen and Adam. Everyone squeezed into the backseat, and Clare had to end up sitting on Stephen’s lap. Little was said on the journey back to Barnham House. Evie didn’t even know what to say? How much did she ask Clare? What was she willing to say out of the confines of a police station? Did this mean Tony had killed Claudia or was it all just a coincidence? After all, he banged his head when he fell over - maybe he was confused about what he’d been doing.
Evie didn’t even know the lodge existed. It was beyond the lake, on the outskirts of the estate before it went into St Paul’s Dean. It looked like a little cottage, with a white thatched roof, small windows and several dead rose bushes around the door.
‘The gardener lived here until a few months ago,’ Peter explained as he pulled up. ‘But he went to live with his daughter in Swindon and it’s been empty since. It’ll do for now.’
They all went inside; and the first thing that hit Evie was how dark and musty the house was. She went to the windows in the front room and pulled the curtains, and as the light flooded in, she could see the room was rather tatty, with old-fashioned, Victorian furniture, and a threadbare carpet.
‘I think the gas and electricity is still on,’ Peter said, heading off into the kitchen. ‘I’ll see if Deeks left some tea behind.’
Everyone stood around awkwardly, as if they didn’t know what they were supposed to do. They’d last been together on Saturday night, when those awful events had occurred and so much had changed since then. Abe sat down on an armchair by the window, and Evie could see all the life had been drained out of him. She’d known many a spiv who’d been broken after a couple of days of police questioning, let alone an upstanding citizen who’d never done anything wrong and was under suspicion of murder.
‘Perhaps you should have a sleep Abe,’ she said. ‘Why don’t you ask Peter if there’s a bedroom?’
‘I guess you’re right,’ he tried to smile.
‘Come on Abe,’ Adam said. ‘Let’s go ask Peter where the bedrooms are.’
Abe left his seat and Clare took his place; Evie and Stephen sitting on the rather lumpy sofa that ran along the middle of the room.
‘So what happened?’ Stephen asked outright. ‘Why didn’t you tell the police that Abe was with you on Saturday night?’
Clare looked down at her fingernails and started picking a piece of skin on the side of her thumb.
‘I’m so embarrassed and ashamed on so many levels,’ she said quietly. ‘I was a coward and let Tony bully me. Abe and I slipped away to my room during the party and Tony found us. He punched Abe and he fell and banged his head on the edge of my bed and passed out. Then Tony stormed out. I stayed with Abe. Then about half an hour later, Tony came back in. He looked terrible. His head was bleeding and he was shaking. He said he’d got into a fight with someone, and if the police were called, I was to say that I was with him the whole time. He left the room and I don’t know what happened to him after that.’
She looked up at her friends, those big, usually cold eyes filled with pleading.
‘You’ve got to understand, I have reason to be frightened of my brother. Since we were children he has beaten and bullied me to get his own way.’  She pushed up the sleeve of her sweater until it was bunched around the top of her bicep. Indeed a deep, purple bruise encircled the top of her arm and the imprint of large fingers could clearly be seen.
‘He did this to me to make sure I told the police he was with me.’
She was interrupted by Peter, who came into the room carrying a tray with a teapot and some cups on. He sat next to Evie on the sofa, and started to pour the drinks.
‘But Rebecca found him outside,’ he said. ‘Are you saying he went back outside?’
‘I don’t know,’ Clare said. ‘Abe came round and said he was going to go back downstairs to try and talk some sense into Tony. The next thing I knew, the police were knocking on the door saying they wanted to question me.’
‘So you said that you were with Tony?’ Evie asked.
Clare nodded.
‘I was so scared. I didn’t for a moment, think the police would suspect Abe had done it. I haven’t had a chance to talk to him and find out why they arrested him for it.’
‘It’s because he was the last person to be seen with Claudia,’ Stephen said. ‘According to Tony.’
‘That DCI Francis did seem to have already made his mind up,’ Peter said, passing Clare a cup of tea. ‘The other one, Mulligan, he was more open about things. But it was as though Francis just wanted to wrap the case up, and Abe was a likely suspect so it was good enough for him.’
‘You seemed ready enough to believe it,’ Evie couldn’t help but snap.
‘Well one is brought up to respect the police darling,’ he replied through gritted teeth. ‘I could hardly question him, could I? I just figured he must have had reason to believe it was Abe.’
‘I’ve been wrestling with my conscience,’ Clare said. ‘And I couldn’t live with myself any longer. I left the house early this morning, before Tony got up, and I left him a note saying what I was doing. I couldn’t face him – he’d have hit me. I took the first train down to Guildford and told the police everything and showed them the bruise.’
‘I spoke to Sergeant Mulligan,’ Evie said, hoping the dim light hid her blushes. ‘He told me that Tony’s gone on the run.’
‘Before I left the station they asked me where he was likely to be,’ Clare said. ‘But with Tony it could be anywhere – he has so many cronies.’
‘So what happens now?’ Stephen asked Peter. ‘Have Clare and Abe got to stay here?’
‘I think it’s for the best,’ Peter said. ‘The police officer we spoke to did indicate that Tony may come looking for them. Also, they both need to be close to Guildford because the police will want to question them again. Damn hard to accept Tony’s a murderer. I’ve known him since we were children. He’s always been handy with his fists, but to do something like that to Claudia. It’s abominable. Maybe he was telling the truth to Clare. Perhaps he did get into a fight and that’s why he wanted her to cover for him.’
‘Believe me,’ Clare said gravely. ‘Whatever Tony is accused of doing to Claudia, he is capable of it. My brother is a brute and quite frankly I’m terrified he’s going to come here to finish me off. None of us are safe until he’s behind bars.’
Chapter Eleven

Evie was sent into Haslemere to get provisions for Abe, Clare, Stephen and Adam, and couldn’t help but look over her shoulder as she went – scared that Tony was going to jump out at some point and try to murder her. She’d been given strict instructions not to tell anyone of her friends’ whereabouts. Only the police were to know that they were hiding out at the lodge.
Once she had taken them enough shopping to keep them going for a few days, she returned to Barnham House. She felt a little apprehensive as the Ashleigh family would be descending; and she was scared about meeting them – especially in such strange circumstances.
As she approached the house, she came face to face with Tommy. He was on the drive, standing amongst the fleet of cars that had suddenly appeared. He was talking to another detective, and Evie thought it best to just smile and pass by. But he stopped her.
‘Miss Wallis.’
She turned and walked over to him, smiling politely at the other, older detective.
‘Miss Wallis, this is Chief Superintendent Wilkins,’ he said. ‘Sir, this is Miss Evelyn Wallis, she’s a friend of Peter Salter.’
‘Pleased to meet you Miss Wallis,’ Wilkins barked in a very posh, ‘sergeant major’ voice. ‘We’ll do all we can not to disrupt the proceedings. I understand that the family must be devastated at the loss of Miss Bailey. And please, be assured that we are doing all we can to find Mr Woodward-Jones.’
‘Thank you,’ Evie replied, a little disconcerted to be spoken to with reverence by such a senior ranking police officer. Back in London, she’d hung around with the sort of people the likes of him would scrape from his shoe. 
‘Would you excuse me Sir?’ Tommy asked. ‘I need to have a word with Miss Wallis in private.’
‘Certainly Mulligan,’ Wilkins said. ‘Keep up the good work lad.’
‘Thank you sir.’
Tommy left his boss and weaved his way through the cars to the steps that led from the front gardens to the drive.
‘I can’t believe we were so stupid Evie,’ he said, offering her a cigarette.
‘What do you mean?’ Evie asked, taking one.
‘When we questioned Tony Woodward-Jones on the night of the murder, he said that he’d fallen there and banged his head. Take a look.’
Evie let him light her cigarette and walked to the flight of stone steps that led down to the garden. She wasn’t sure what she was looking for, but she couldn’t see anything. Tommy came and stood behind her and she was so aware of his presence, it felt as though he was touching her.
‘If he fell and cut his head, there would be blood. There isn’t anything. But there’s blood on the ground by the steps in the part of the house where Miss Bailey was found.’
Evie turned around and looked up at him.
‘Should you be telling me this?’ she asked.
‘I can trust you,’ he smiled. ‘Looks like Woodward-Jones fell down the stairs after murdering Miss Bailey, and that’s why he was in a state.’
‘But Rebecca said she found him here.’
‘I suspect he planted himself there, hoping he’d be found so it would back up his story.’
‘Are you any closer to finding him?’
Tommy shook his head.
‘We’re working with Scotland Yard. Chances are he’s going to try and go overseas, so they’ll probably put officers at all ports to stop him.’
Suddenly there was another voice.
‘Is everything okay Evie?’
She glanced past Tommy and saw it was Peter, standing in the doorway, an impatient look upon his face.
‘Yes,’ she called. ‘I was just discussing the case with Detective Mulligan.’
‘Okay, well you’re needed in here,’ he said and he walked off.
Evie looked back at Tommy and smiled sadly.
‘I’d better go in,’ she said.
‘I clock off at five o’clock,’ he said. ‘Fancy meeting me in Haslemere for a drink?’
‘I don’t know,’ Evie hesitated. ‘I’m expected to be with the family.’
‘Well I’ll wait by the gates to the house at five, just in case you change your mind.’
‘Alright,’ she smiled. ‘But I can’t make any promises.’
She left Tommy and went into the house. She found Peter standing just inside the door and got the horrible feeling he’d been spying on her.
‘What did he want?’ he asked.
‘He was just asking if Clare and Abe were settling in okay,’ she lied.
‘I see. Well come into the drawing room, everyone is here. Poor Mrs Roman is rushed off her feet. Perhaps you could give her a hand and make sure people are okay for drinks.’
He marched off before Evie could even answer, and she followed him into the larger and grander of the drawing rooms. Even before he opened the door, she could hear the sound of chatter and her heart lurched - scared of meeting these people who were her relatives. Peter entered, and when Evie joined him, she found the room resembled a wake, even before Claudia had been buried. Around a dozen people had arrived - most of them in black. Mrs Roman was weaving in and out of them with glasses of sherry, while they did their best to ignore her - standing around, chattering in their shrill voices.
Peter led Evie over to a group of people standing by the window, and Evie immediately recognised the younger woman as Serena Salter. She looked exactly as she had in The Tatler. She wasn't a pretty girl, her nose was a little too large, her hair mousy and her eyes rather dopey-looking. She stood next to a middle aged man, and an older woman who looked strikingly similar to Serena, and Evie took this to be Estella - Peter's mother and indeed her aunt.
‘Everyone, this is Evie Wallis, my friend,’ Peter said. ‘Evie this is my father, my mother and my sister Serena.’
Evie could see where Peter had got his looks from. With his slicked-down dark hair, twinkling brown eyes and neat moustache, Jonathan Salter was very attractive, and his smile was genuinely welcoming as he shook Evie's hand. Estella and Serena weren't quite so friendly and barely touched Evie's fingertips as they greeted one another.
‘Rebecca was telling me that your mother was Daisy the maid,’ Estella said snootily. ‘You look a great deal like her.’
‘Thank you,’ Evie replied politely.
‘I'm just so grateful the place isn't crawling with policemen,’ Serena practically spat. ‘So unfortunate for such a thing to happen in Paradise. It was always going to be a mistake letting that girl have her party here.’
‘This isn't the time or place Serena!’ Jonathan snapped. ‘Have a little respect.’ He turned to Evie and smiled, and as he did so, he reminded her of Clarke Gable. ‘I hear you're the one who keeps an eye on my son in that nightclub?’
‘That's right, yes. Although he's always very well behaved.’
Peter, Jonathan and Evie laughed at her little joke; but Serena and Estella remained stony-faced. Suddenly Evie felt a hand upon her shoulder and someone turning her around.
‘Where have you been?’ Rebecca snapped. ‘Poor Mrs Roman is rushed off her feet. Hortensia needs the lavatory and she can't make the stairs on her own. You can take her.’
‘And why can't you do it?’ Evie snapped, immediately regretting it. She'd been longing to tell Rebecca what she thought of her - but not in front of her possible future in-laws.
‘Because I'm trying to smooth things over and talk to people who've known me for many years and explain why such a horrid thing has happened in this house,’ Rebecca replied through gritted teeth.
‘Will you two please stop squabbling?’ Peter snapped. ‘Evie, could you please escort Aunt Hortensia to the lavatory?’
Blushing deeply, Evie turned and stormed off. She tried to dampen her fury as she headed over to the old woman dressed in a black, lace-frilled suit - clutching her handbag and looking uncomfortable. She’d distanced herself from the group she'd been talking to, and Evie guessed this was Hortensia.
‘Hello,’ Evie tried to smile. ‘Are you Hortensia?’
‘I'm sorry?’ the old woman shouted.
‘Are you Hortensia?’
‘Yes, yes. Will you help me dear?’
‘Come this way.’
Evie took the old woman's arm and led her out of the drawing room, having to walk slowly, to keep time with her shuffle.
‘We've come today because we're going to the Wilmslows in Edinburgh next week,’ Hortensia said rather loudly to compensate for her deafness. ‘So we thought we'd pay our respects now.’
Evie felt like pushing the old woman up the stairs, but instead held on tightly to her arm and took it one step at a time, making sure Aunt Hortensia didn't fall. She'd never hear the end of it if she did.
‘Who's daughter are you dear?’ Hortensia asked. ‘You remind me so much of dear William. He didn't have a daughter did he?’
‘No,’ Evie replied, a little shaken as the old lady was the first person to actually say it out loud. ‘I'm just Peter's friend.’
‘Dear William was such a sweet boy. It was so sad that he died. He would have made a fine master of this house. I don't trust that Peter. His eyes are too close together.’
Evie tried not to laugh and carried on taking Hortensia up the stairs. When they reached the bathroom, Evie asked her if she needed help and was glad when the old woman said she would be fine. Evie waited outside and stood looking over the balcony, listening to the sound of chatter coming from the drawing room. A realisation struck her that these people were her family, and yet she knew nothing about them. She presumed Aunt Hortensia was a relative on Lord Ashleigh's side, as she did not have a Swedish name or accent. But she wasn't sure. No one had told her anything. Evie wondered if any of the others had noticed her similarity to William but were too polite to mention it. After all, who would like to think of their son going with a common parlour maid? 
Aunt Hortensia left the bathroom and Evie once again took her arm and led her down the stairs.
‘Is it true what I heard?’ she asked. ‘That a big black man murdered Claudia?’
‘No Hortensia,’ Evie replied. ‘We don't know who did it yet.’
‘That girl takes after her mother. Imelda always had an eye for trouble. She couldn't help herself.’
Evie was quite shocked at the lack of sympathy for Claudia that was prevalent amongst these people. They were all so cold and stuffy, and Evie wondered how her warm-hearted, rough and ready mum would have fitted in had she ever been allowed to marry William.
They re-entered the drawing room and Evie returned Aunt Hortensia to her group of other old ladies - none of whom Evie was introduced to. She looked around and felt like a spare part. Estella and Imelda were sat upon the sofa, chatting. Peter and his father were at the window, looking out at something, and Rebecca and Serena were in deep conversation with another younger woman Evie didn't even know. Lord and Lady Ashleigh were at the far end of the room with another older man; and as Evie stood there, no one paid her any attention. Except Mrs Roman who came up to her and tutted.
‘Don't just stand there,’ she ordered. ‘They're running out of sherry. Go down into the kitchen and fetch another three bottles. It's in the larder. And make sure you get the Amontillado. We don't want any cheap cooking rubbish.’
Evie had had enough. She marched out of the room and went down the servants’ stairs to the cellar, making her way through the network of rooms to the kitchen. She thought of all the times her mother must have stood in here, dreaming of a better life; hoping William would marry her, just so she could move upstairs. Evie was beginning to think Daisy had been better off doing what she did and going to London – getting away from the lot of them.
She went into the huge larder, and found a box of Amontillado sherry. She pulled out three bottles, tucked them under her arms, and went back upstairs and into the drawing room. The only person to notice her was Mrs Roman, who snatched the bottles off her and put them on the sideboard. Without saying another word, Evie left the room and went upstairs to her bedroom. She washed and changed into her sundress, slipping on a pair of white shoes, not caring if she looked too bright and breezy for the occasion. It was a lovely summer's evening and she wanted to look nice. None of Claudia's relatives seemed particularly worried about her passing, and Evie got the feeling that the wearing black and gathering at the house was more to be seen to be doing the right thing, rather than actually sharing their upset. Well, even though Claudia was her cousin, no-one knew about it and she didn't see why she had to be respectful.
Taking her purse and handbag, she left her room and walked downstairs; and instead of walking out of the front door, she did as she felt was expected of her and continued down into the servants’ quarters. She followed her nose and found her way out of the house, into a little side allotment that had been designated for the servants when there had been more of them living here. She walked through the neglected garden - the long, over-grown grass scratching her legs as she went. She made her way to the tropical garden, out past the lake and to the gate that stood at the edge of the estate. It was never locked - Peter had told her that. No one from St Paul's Dean could be bothered to wander in nowadays.
Tommy was waiting on the other side of the gate, looking like a B-movie detective with his hat pushed back and smoking a cigarette. He turned when he heard Evie's footsteps and gave that sunny smile that made him look ten years old again.
‘I hoped you'd come,’ he said.
‘I had to get away,’ she said, squeezing through the rusty gate as he opened it for her. ‘I'm fed up of being treated like a servant.’
‘They do strike me as a snotty bunch, I have to say. And I hope I'm not speaking out of term, but in my job I've had to deal with a lot of grieving relatives, and it's usually pretty hard. But that lot are treating Claudia Bailey's death more like an inconvenience than a tragedy.’
‘I suppose it's that stiff upper-lip thing,’ Evie said, taking his arm as they walked towards St Paul's Dean. ‘They can't show their feelings. Imelda, her mother seemed quite upset but I get the feeling she's being treated as some sort of embarrassment.’
Tommy looked at her, laying his hand upon hers and giving it a squeeze.
‘I know what I said earlier about you fitting in. And you do fit in with the house. You deserve nice surroundings like that. But what are you doing mixing with the likes of them Evie?’ he asked. ‘I know Daisy always wanted better for you. But you don't belong with knobs like that.’
‘If only you knew,’ Evie laughed.
‘What do you mean?’
‘It doesn't matter.’
‘You're not pregnant are you?’ he gasped.	
‘What?!’ Evie cried.
‘You're not pregnant? Is that why you feel you belong with them?’
‘No I'm not pregnant. If I tell you something Tommy, you've got to promise not to tell anyone. It's nothing to do with the case, so you won't have to tell your superiors or anything.’
‘Okay.’ He sounded suspicious.
‘Do you remember the day Mum died?’
‘Course I do.’
‘When you left me with her at the hospital?’
‘Yes.’
‘Well she started rambling and saying she was going to be with her William again, and I didn't know who she was talking about. She'd always told me my dad was called Walter. She could hardly talk, and said Priscilla would tell me what she meant, and to ask her. When I was better, I asked her and she told me that Mum got pregnant by William Ashleigh when they were both sixteen, and William got sent to America. Not because of Mum - no-one knew about that. But because he was acting strangely and I guess as you can see now, they can’t cope with anything like that. Mum got a job and moved to London, pretending to be a widow. Walter Wallis was the name of the man Priscilla had been engaged to who'd died in World War One.’
Tommy stopped and looked at her, frowning.
‘So you're telling me you're related to that lot?’
‘Ridiculous isn't it. I know I'm a girl, but technically I'm heir to the estate, not Peter. If William hadn't have died, he would have inherited Paradise and as his child, it would have gone to me.’
Tommy started walking again.
‘But would it have gone to you? You're a girl.’
‘Maybe not; but even if it hadn’t, my life would have been a lot better than it has been. I never really found my feet after Mum died. Aunt Priscilla and Uncle Charles were wonderful, but I went to them too late in life to ever really feel part of the family. I went to London and ended up hanging around with the wrong people. If things had been different, I'd have been born in that house, had the best education and would have been introduced to some respectable young man who'd have kept me. Instead of schlepping around working as a secretary to various dodgy men for the past fifteen years.’
‘But you wouldn't have been you. You'd have been some bored, stuck-up cow like all the ones in there. You deserve better than that Evie.’
‘It's all academic now anyway, I'm where I am. The family make it quite clear they look on me as some sort of jumped-up servant. Especially seeing as Peter can't resist telling everyone who my mother was.’
‘Does he know who your dad was?’
‘No one knows. How do I prove it?’
‘So is that why you're going out with Peter Salter? To get back what you feel is yours?’
She looked up at him and blushed.
‘Does that make me a terrible person?’
‘Course it doesn’t. I suppose you shouldn’t use someone like that. But I guess it also means you don't love him and that makes me happy.’
‘Why's that?’
He laughed out loud.
‘Because I still fancy you, you silly cow. Always have done, always will do.’
‘I don't know what to say to that,’ Evie replied. ‘It makes being out with you seem wrong somehow.’
‘I'm not asking you to go to bed with me Evie!’ he chuckled. ‘I just want a drink and a chat about old times.’
They went into Haslemere and stopped off at a pub called The Blackberry Bush. When Evie had last lived here, the building had been the stables where local tradesmen kept their horses. Now it was a shiny new pub, and as Evie walked in, she spotted some familiar faces - girls her own age who she'd talk to when she was younger. They were now here with men who were clearly their husbands, and on seeing Evie, some threw her dirty looks and she realised, even after all these years that they still thought her up herself because she hadn’t been willing to stay behind and become another country wife.
Evie found a table away from the others, and Tommy went to the bar to get their drinks. She thought about what Tommy said about fancying her and this made her feel funny. If she was honest with herself, she fancied him too, and if circumstances had been different, she'd have liked to have taken it further. But she’d come so far with Peter – they’d been through so much together she couldn't abandon him to Rebecca Stansfield now.  Despite everyone keeping a stiff upper lip; Claudia’s death had rocked the family and they needed all the support they could get; and if Evie left Peter alone, she knew Rebecca would like nothing better than to take on the role of Lady of the House. Well Evie wasn’t having it.  She was determined to cling on to the bitter end.
Tommy returned to the table, passing Evie her gin and tonic. He sat before her and took off his hat. He then ruffled his hand through his dark blonde hair.
‘So what's your plan Lady Ashleigh?’ he joked as he supped his beer.
‘I haven't got a plan as such. I just feel I've a right to be part of the family. From what Priscilla tells me, William wasn't some sort of cad who bedded my mum and then ran off. Unless she's making it more romantic for my sake; it seems he wanted to build a future with Daisy. But his parents sent him to America because of his bad behaviour.’
‘What did he do?’
‘Apparently he was always getting into trouble at school. They thought if he went to America to work with his Uncle, it might put him on the straight and narrow. Mum never heard from him again. But he must have come back to England because he was in the RAF when he was killed.’
‘Perhaps he had a wife by then and couldn't contact Daisy.’
‘No, he never married. That's why Peter's the heir. William never married or had any more children.’
‘So do you plan on ever telling Peter this?’
‘No. But I’m determined to stay in that house. It should belong to me, after all.’
‘Wouldn't you miss London though Evie? You've lived there most of your life.’
‘London's nothing but trouble for me. I got mixed up with some bad people there. I had to get away.’
‘I see your point,’ he sighed. ‘But that place don't exactly live up to its nickname. I wouldn't call a house where a young girl was murdered, Paradise.’
‘I know. Peter wants to open it up as a tourist attraction for part of the year, but I'm not sure if people will want to visit it. And those who do, will come for the wrong reasons.’
Tommy dared to reach across the table and grasp her hand, squeezing it tightly.
‘So leave him then,’ he urged. ‘You can't throw your life away on a man you don't love, just to keep some house. He’s going to be the Lord and Master, not you. He’ll be able to do what he wants with it and you’ll have no say. Won’t that be even more frustrating?’
Evie wished he'd stop talking. Everything he was saying was right. But she was stubborn and she'd made her mind up now. She was determined to live in Barnham House and she wouldn't be budged.
‘It's all so complicated,’ she whined. ‘Everything was going so well. Then poor Claudia was murdered and now I don't know what's going on. Since Rebecca arrived, I’ve been treated like a servant and I can’t help but think she’s putting ideas in Peter's head.’
‘That stuck up cow!’ Tommy laughed. ‘Behaves like she's Lady of the House. Who is she anyway? Friend of the family?’
‘She's Peter's ex-fiancé. She only came to accompany her little sister to Claudia's party, Claudia’s murder gave her the perfect opportunity to get her feet under the table.’
‘Looks like she's got her eye on the main prize too Evie.’
‘Well I got there first, so she can back off.’
‘Oh Evie,’ he sighed. ‘What are we going to do with you?’
‘I'm a hopeless case.’
‘No you're not. You're beautiful and clever and capable of so much more than being just some toff's missus.’
‘Really? Like what?’
‘Anything you want to be. Just don't throw your life away on some crazy dream. That's all I'm saying.’
They stayed in the pub a while longer. Tommy told Evie all about what his brothers and sisters were doing. His youngest brother had emigrated to Australia and was now working for the police out there. His sister Mary had married a solider and was now living in West Germany. It was hard to believe the Mulligans had all done well for themselves - they were always the roughest family down Morrison Street. It was Evie people had had such hopes and dreams for, and all she'd ended up doing was drifting.
As soon as Evie looked out of the window and saw it was getting dark, she realised it was time she was heading back to the house. She'd enjoyed this evening with Tommy, and a lot of what he'd said had made sense. But she'd put herself on this path now and she couldn't move.
‘I suppose I'd better be going,’ she said. ‘Peter will be wondering where I am.’
‘That's presuming he's even noticed you've gone.’
‘Don't be like that. You don't know what he's like when we're alone. He's loving and attentive. He's just had a lot on his mind, that's all.’
‘I guess so. You know him better than I do.’
‘And I should be going back to him. For all I know, Tony Woodward-Jones has turned up and murdered them all!’
Tommy laughed wanly.
‘At least you’d be Lady of the House then!’

Tommy walked her back through the village, and to the gate where he had met her. Evie hated the thought of saying goodbye to him. She couldn't deny that she felt more comfortable with Tommy than she ever had with Peter. He was caring and made her laugh; and even though he was now thirty, he was still that little boy who'd looked after her so well when her mum had died. She wondered what she'd done to make him want to look out for her. When they were kids, all she'd ever done was stick her nose in the air and behave as though she thought she was better than him.  In reality she wasn’t. Maybe biologically she was the grand-daughter of a Lord, but Tommy had more integrity than she did, and at least he’d made something of his life.
‘So what happens now?’ she asked as she pushed the gate open.
‘Well I'll still be around, on and off. We can't rest until Tony Woodward-Jones is captured, and we’ve established he's the killer. Until then we've got to keep our options open.’
‘I've really enjoyed this evening. You will keep in touch won't you? Even when the case is closed?’
‘That depends if your beloved wants a copper hanging around, lowering the tone.’
‘Peter isn't like that.’ She took his hand and squeezed it tightly, her tiny fingers barely reaching round it. He had grown so much since she'd last seen him. ‘You're my only link to the past Tommy. You and this house. I don't want to lose touch with you.’
‘You won't,’ he smiled. ‘But please, think about what I said. Don't throw your life away.’
He glanced around to make sure no one was looking and darted forward, giving Evie a brief kiss on the lips. Like a teenage girl, she gasped and put her fingers to where his mouth had been. Without thinking, she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him properly. His breath smelt of cigarettes and beer; his chin was stubbly, and as he grabbed her, he was as rough as a bear. But it felt so right. In her heart, Evie felt like that abandoned fifteen year old who was missing her mum and grateful for the kindness this young boy was showing her. She remembered when Tommy left that day, and how she’d wished she'd had the courage to kiss him - hoping she could make him stay. Now perhaps she had her chance.
She eased herself away and found she was shaking a little, shocked at what she'd done.
‘That shouldn't have happened,’ she said.
‘Why not?’ he replied, his expression earnest for once. ‘Come with me Evie. You could find somewhere to live in Guildford. They're always looking for typists at the Station. I could get you a job there, easily.’
‘And I'd know that a few miles away was the house that should be mine. I can't do it Tommy. I wish I could tell them who I am and that Peter would go away and leave me to it and you could move in. But that isn't going to happen.’
‘You're mad,’ he said with a shake of the head. ‘You're chasing an impossible dream.’
‘But it's my dream. I've nothing else to cling to Tommy. I've no proper home. No family…Well, my real family are back in that house, but they don't even know it.’
‘And that's the way it's always going to be. Please say you'll think about it Evie.’
‘There's nothing to think about.’ She stood on tip toe and kissed him upon the cheek. ‘Goodbye Tommy.’
Before he could say another word, Evie turned and entered the gate, shutting it behind her. Without looking back, she headed back over the fields, to where she felt she really belonged. Or at least she thought so.
Chapter Twelve

As Evie passed the Lodge, she got a surprise to find Stephen standing outside, smoking a cigarette. Its bright tip illuminating the dusky night. He was leaning against the wall, staring into the distance, and didn’t notice Evie until she stepped up to him.
‘Hello,’ she said.
‘Hello you,’ he smiled, standing up straight. ‘Where have you been? Peter's going mad. He thought Tony had got you.’
‘Really? I just went for a drink with Tommy. Sorry, Detective Mulligan.’
‘You know him?’
‘Do you remember the day I came to live with you? I had a boy with me...’
‘Of course!’ gasped Stephen. ‘I thought I recognised him, but it was such a long time ago.’
‘I grew up with him in Pimlico. You could have knocked me down with a feather when he turned up to investigate Claudia's murder. I had get out of the house - they were treating me like a servant. So I went for a drink with him.’
‘Well Peter's been here looking for you. He's not happy.’
‘I'd better go back to him. How is everything in there anyway?’
‘Abe's very subdued. I really think the Police stuck it to him. Clare's doing her best to comfort him. Adam and I have decided to head down to Dorset to see Mum and Dad. Why don't you come with us?’
‘Peter needs me here.’
‘Okay, well we're leaving tomorrow afternoon. Make sure you come and say goodbye.’
‘Of course I will,’ she smiled. ‘Maybe when this is all over I'll go and see Aunt Priscilla and Uncle Charles.’
‘They'd like that. Anyway, you'd better go and find Peter before he sends out a search party.’
Evie left Stephen, and headed back towards the house. Knowing Peter was worried about her threw her into confusion. Tonight had made her realise she had feelings for Tommy and yet Peter had showed he cared by missing her. As tempted as she was by Tommy, Evie was the sort of person who, once she had set her mind on something, found it very hard to stop. She’d made a commitment to Peter and she knew she had to do her best to make it up to him and hope he’d forgive her for abandoning him in his hour of need.
Arriving back at the house, she saw all the cars on the drive and realised that the relatives were still there. She found this all the more flattering. Peter had abandoned his family to come looking for her, not caring what questions would be asked. She entered the lobby and found Lady Ashleigh coming down the stairs. That snooty expression never leaving her face.
‘My grandson was looking for you,’ she snapped. ‘Where have you been?’
‘I went for a walk,’ Evie replied, not mentioning either Tommy or Stephen. She didn't know if Lady Ashleigh was aware that Clare and the others were hiding in the lodge.
‘Well it's quite rude to walk out on people who have showed you hospitality. Peter is in the small drawing room. I think you should go and apologise to him.’
‘Yes of course, I'm sorry Lady Ashleigh.’
Evie kicked herself for letting her own grandmother talk to her as if she was some lowly kitchen maid. If only the old bag knew the truth, then she'd treat her differently. She went to the small drawing room, and when she went in and found Peter with Rebecca and Serena, she felt as though she was entering a nest of vipers and longed to run back to Tommy.
‘Where have you been?’ Peter barked, getting up and walking over to her.
‘I'd rather talk in private,’ she said
He respected her wishes and took her by the elbow and led her out of the room. Evie was sure that as they left she could hear Rebecca and Serena giggling.
Peter led her to the little nook where the goods lift was and pulled her in there.
‘Do you know how embarrassing this has been?’ he hissed. ‘You're supposed to be my girlfriend and yet you storm off in a temper just because you're asked to accompany my elderly aunt to the lavatory.’
‘That was not the only reason. You and Rebecca were holding court like some sort of couple and I was reduced to helping Mrs Roman out.’
‘Oh stop having designs on yourself Evie. Gone are the days when we had servants to call upon our every whim. We have to help ourselves.’ He sighed and all of the anger seemed to escape from him. ‘I needed you with me Evie. This horrid journalist from The Daily Express turned up wanting to know the facts, and if we had any idea where Tony was. It seems as though it's going to be all over the papers tomorrow – ‘The toff who's Britain's most wanted man.’’ Peter pinched the top of his nose and shook his head. ‘How am I going to cope with this Evie? Grandfather's too old, it's up to me.’
‘It's not just up to you,’ she said softly, reaching out and grasping his arm. ‘You've got me.’
He gave a hapless laugh.
‘Even you disappeared.’
‘It's been a horrible time Peter. I just wanted to be on my own for a while. Now why don't we go to bed? The house is full of people, and no one will notice us gone.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes. You need something to take your mind off things, and I can at least help you with that.’

When Evie awoke the next morning with Peter still in her bed, she felt as though she had achieved some sort of personal victory. Making love with her had reminded him exactly of who she was and the role she played in his life. What she couldn't tell him though was that the closer she got to him physically, mentally she kept thinking more and more of Tommy. However much she tried to stop it, her mind would wander and she’d see his face, hear his voice and wonder what it would be like to be with him. Afterwards, as Peter slept, she lay awake feeling guilty and questioning herself. Asking God why Tommy had come back into her life and distract her, just when she’d finally set herself on a path that led to what she’d always wanted.
‘I hope they release Claudia's body soon,’ Peter said sleepily, not opening his eyes. ‘I want the funeral over with so we can go back to London. I'm sure Frank's doing a perfectly good job looking after the club, but I miss the hustle and bustle.’
‘Your grandparents might want you around for a bit longer,’ Evie said, swallowing down her disappointment. She hated the thought of returning to London. Of sharing that grotty flat. Of working late nights, and being away from the countryside...and Tommy. She had to get Tommy from her mind.
‘They'll probably be going off to Cornwall soon. Sometimes I wish they'd stay there. Then I’d try my best to persuade them to sell this place.’
Evie sat up in shock.
‘Sell Paradise?!’ she gasped.
Peter opened his eyes and looked up at her, reaching up and stroking her hair off her face.
‘It's a big, rattling house that belongs in the past Evie. When I take it over, it's going to cost me more money to run than it'll bring in, and I'll never be able to fully settle in London. Not when I have to keep running back here to supervise events, or make sure the roof is fixed or whatever has gone wrong. There are lots of hotel chains out there, desperate to buy somewhere like this. I could make enough money selling it to make sure my grandparents are settled, and spend the rest of the money on two more nightclubs.’
‘But your family has lived here for generations.’
‘It doesn't matter. The future's what's important. Besides, I'll always think of this house as the place where my cousin was murdered. It's not nice.’
‘I suppose you're right,’ Evie replied, but she knew she had to change his mind. She didn't want to live in London with him, she wanted to live here.  Claudia was killed in the ancient part of the house, perhaps they could demolish that. ‘But what about when you wanted to get away for a break?’
‘I could buy a little bolt-hole somewhere. Or maybe even stay with Rebecca's family at Downlands.’
‘Rebecca?’
‘Yes. It's been so nice to meet up with her again. We were always such good friends as children. We should never have got engaged, it spoilt everything. I'm hoping we can be friends forever now.’
‘What about me?’ Evie asked, embarrassed when a stray tear slipped down her cheek. She knew she had no right to feel jealous - not after what happened with Tommy last night. But Rebecca Stansfield made her feel so belittled and stupid. She hated the thought of her always being in her and Peter's lives.
‘You're my girlfriend,’ he smiled. ‘We have fun don't we?’
‘Yes, but Rebecca hates me. She's not going to want me around is she?’
‘Rebecca doesn't hate you. She doesn't know you. I'm sure you'll grow to be firm friends.’
Evie didn't think that was ever going to happen. Rebecca obviously still had her eye on Peter and she wasn't going to accommodate Evie while she was still around to create competition. Maybe going to London wasn't such a bad idea after all. At least it would get him away from her.
‘Where does Rebecca normally live?’ she asked. ‘Does she live with her parents?’
‘No, she lives in Marylebone. She works in the Foreign Office. I'm guessing she'll be going home soon. But it has been so awfully kind of her to stick around to support us. Especially Grandfather and Mormor - Claudia's death has been such a terrible strain on them.’
‘I'd offer support if you let me,’ Evie said bitterly. ‘But whenever she's around, I end up being treated like a servant.’
‘Will you please get rid of that chip on your shoulder,’ he snapped, sitting up. ‘It's not attractive and totally unnecessary. Now, I think I should be getting back to my room to get changed. We don't want people talking.’
Whatever triumph Evie felt at ensnaring him for the night, it was swiftly dwindling away and she was left with that feeling of not knowing where she stood. With a heavy heart, she bathed and dressed and went down for breakfast. Everyone was gathered in the larger dining room, and Mrs Roman and Simms were run off their feet trying to make sure everyone was served. Peter wasn't down yet, and Evie didn't know where to sit at the long dining table. There was a seat free next to Aunt Hortensia, and one on the other side next to Imelda, and this was the one she plumped for. Imelda was the only one showing normal signs of grief. Her skin was still sallow, her eyes red; and as Evie came close to her, she detected the faint smell of alcohol on her breath.
‘What can I get you Miss Wallis?’ Mrs Roman called from the other side of the room, where a selection of breakfast foods were placed on the hostess trolley.
‘Just a piece of toast please?’ Evie said, and she nodded at Simms when he offered to pour her tea. Apart from Imelda and her obvious suffering, the gathering reminded Evie of the time Daisy saved enough money to take her to Butlins in Skegness for her thirteenth birthday. They'd dine each morning in the canteen, and it would be filled with long tables occupied by the holiday-makers, chatting amongst themselves and making plans for the day. The atmosphere here was very similar.
She caught Aunt Hortensia, and the other old woman who she now knew was called Lady Denham-a distant cousin of the Ashleighs, talking about taking the train into Guildford to look around the Cathedral. Lady Ashleigh then started crowing about not venturing too far because there was a murderer on the loose. Estelle was asking Rebecca where she and her family were holidaying that year, and making jokes about the horrible resort in Egypt they’d stayed in the previous year. It was quite unbelievable and Evie felt most aggrieved on Claudia’s behalf.
‘Claud's death has been quite beneficial to them,’ Imelda said quietly to Evie. ‘It's provided them with the excuse to have this wonderful, impromptu family gathering.’
‘Perhaps it's just their way of coping,’ Evie replied.
‘My daughter was only ever an inconvenience to them, nothing else.’
‘It's very rude to whisper Imelda,’ Lady Ashleigh called down the table. ‘If you have something to say, share it with the rest of the room.’
‘I was just saying how convenient my daughter's death was to you all, Mummy,’ Imelda said loudly. ‘You'd never had this merry gathering if she'd not been murdered.’
‘Please don't embarrass yourself darling,’ Lord Ashleigh said. ‘We're all terribly upset about Claudia, but there's no point in wallowing. We need to come together as a family. And Evelyn and Rebecca are our guests; please don't make things uncomfortable for them.’
The door opened and Peter came in, striding purposely and sitting next to Aunt Hortensia.
‘I've just spoken to the Coroner's Office and they're releasing Claudia's body tomorrow. We can start organising the funeral’
‘At last!’ Lady Ashleigh said. ‘Why did they take so long?’
‘Will she be buried in the family plot?’ Serena asked. ‘She wasn't an Ashleigh after all.’
‘Of course she will!’ Lady Ashleigh insisted. ‘She can go next to William.’
Evie said nothing, but silently hoped she'd be invited to the funeral. She be able to pay her last respects to Claudia, and see her father's grave at the same time.
Suddenly Imelda got up, knocking over the cup that was on the table in front of her.
‘I'm sorry,’ she said. ‘I'm so sorry.’
She rushed from the room and Evie wondered if someone was going to go after her. Instead, everyone looked around, embarrassed at the outburst, and carried on eating silently.
Once the food was finished and Mrs Roman had started clearing away the plates; Peter suggested to his grandparents that they went to find Imelda so they could discuss the funeral. Evie realised there would be nothing for her to do, and so decided to go over to the Lodge to see if Clare and Abe needed anything, and say goodbye to Stephen and Adam at the same time. How tempting it would be to go with her step-brother to Dorset to see Priscilla and Charles – at least she would be welcome there. But to leave Paradise would be to leave her dreams and hand Peter over to Rebecca Stansfield. She was a whisker away from seeing where her father was buried, she couldn’t risk missing out now.
She took Peter to one side, away from everyone else, and told him her plans - not wanting him to panic and wonder where she was again.
‘Sounds like a capital idea,’ he smiled. He rubbed her arm and gave it a squeeze. ‘Sorry about our spat earlier on. It's all been so ghastly. How about after the funeral we have a little holiday somewhere?’
‘That sounds wonderful,’ Evie replied. ‘It would be nice for us to spend some time alone.’
Evie left the house and made her way to the lodge. All the way there, she was positive someone was watching her, and she was convinced the scare-mongering about Tony Woodward-Jones being on the loose, was getting to her. When she arrived, she found Clare sitting out in the front garden on an old deckchair; looking relaxed in a pair of Capri pants and a red sleeveless top, reading The Daily Mirror. The headline on the front was 'Aristocrat Wanted For Murder of School-Girl', and Evie could just make out the by-line that said 'Toff goes on the run as police close net around him'.
‘I wondered if you needed any shopping,’ Evie said.
Clare lowered the paper and smiled at her. Her whole persona had changed since she’d got away from Tony.
‘Adam popped to Haslemere on the way back from picking the car up,’ she said. ‘Would you like a drink?’
‘Don't worry, I'll make it.’
‘Okay, I'll be in, in a minute.’
Evie went into the house and found Abe in the living area at the little table that was by the window, writing a letter so it seemed. He spotted Evie and smiled.
‘Hi there,’ he said. ‘It's nice to see you.’
‘Hello Abe. Would you like a cup of tea?’
‘I'm fine honey. I'm just writing to my Mom to tell her I'll be seeing her soon.’
‘You're going back home?’
‘Follow me,’ Abe said.
He got up excitedly and walked past Evie, into the garden. He grabbed Clare's hand and pulled her up and put his arm around her, pulling her to him.
‘You're the first to hear the news,’ he smiled. ‘I asked Clare to be my wife and she accepted.’
‘You're getting married!’ cried Evie, clasping her hands together. ‘Congratulations.
‘I know we haven't known each other long,’ Clare said, her joyous smile brightening her pretty face. ‘But we can't be without each other. We're leaving for America at the end of the month.’
‘I'm so happy for you both,’ Evie said. ‘Are you going to live with your mother Abe?’
‘No, we'll just visit, then we'll settle in New York.’
‘There's nothing for me in England,’ Clare said. ‘I just want to be where Abe is.’
Evie felt so happy for them, but also a little jealous and apprehensive. She was envious because Peter never seemed to move any closer to asking her to marry him, but at the same time she wondered what the future would hold for a couple like Clare and Abe. Not many people approved of mixed marriages; and from what Evie had heard, some parts of America were more prejudiced than England. But at the end of the day, they had both been through so much and deserved some happiness; and after all, they did say love could conquer all.
‘Well we must have celebratory drinks for you,’ Evie said. ‘Can I tell Peter?’
‘Of course.’
‘Okay, well we'll have a little gathering. There's plenty of booze at the house, I'm sure they can spare some.’

Evie spent the rest of the morning at the lodge. She helped Stephen and Adam pack up the car, and said goodbye to them before setting off back to the house. As she walked, she still got that eerie feeling of being watched, and wondered if it was in fact a journalist hiding in the bushes, trying to steal a snap of the fugitive or his friends and sister.
She returned to find Mrs Roman in the lobby polishing the grandfather clock with such vigour that her backside was wobbling with the effort. When she spotted Evie, she threw her that now familiar look of disdain.
‘You could make yourself useful by polishing the brass,’ she said. ‘This house is going to be full of people next week. It's got to look ship-shape.’
Evie had had enough and walked up to Mrs Roman and stood by her. The woman stood up and Evie looked her squarely in the face.
‘I am not my mother, Mrs Roman. I know it pains you, but I am actually a guest of the family. I so would greatly appreciate it if you would stop talking to me as if I was a servant.’
‘Well don’t think you’re ever going to be lady of this house,’ Mrs Roman spat. ‘If anyone’s going to take that job it’ll be Miss Rebecca. Not you.’
‘Peter and Rebecca are just friends,’ Evie said. ‘And please do not interfere with things that are nothing to do with you.’
They were interrupted by Peter calling out.
‘Evie can you come here please?’
He was standing in the doorway of the small drawing room, and after giving Mrs Roman a curt smile, Evie followed him in. He shut the door behind her and didn’t sit down. Instead he took her hands and brought them to his lips, kissing them.
‘Darling would you come with me to the family plot?’ he asked. ‘Grandfather and Mormor hate going there and Aunt Smelly’s not up to it. Looks like it’s up to me, and I could really do with some company.’
‘Of course,’ Evie smiled, glad that he was including her in something. ‘When do you want to go?’
‘Tomorrow morning. I need to meet with Mr Chambers, the undertaker to discuss Claud’s funeral.’
‘Thank you,’ Evie said. ‘Thank you for asking me. You know I only want to help you.’
‘I know you do,’ he smiled haplessly. ‘How about we drive into Portsmouth tonight and catch a film? I could do with having a break from this house.’
‘I’d like that. Let’s go and see Ain’t Misbehavin’ or something like that. Something light-hearted to take our minds off everything.’
‘I’ll see whatever you want,’ he said, kissing her nose. ‘You’re just the tonic I need Evie.’

***

When Evie awoke the next morning, she suddenly realised that today she would be seeing her father’s grave for the first time, and she wasn’t sure how she felt about it. Her mother was buried in the graveyard of St Olaf’s in Haslemere, and she always visited the grave at Christmas and on Daisy’s birthday. She didn’t like to go any more often – she preferred to remember Daisy as she was. Peter explained that the Ashleigh family had their own private plot in the grounds of St Paul’s church. And as they left the house, she realised she was shaking and wished she’d brought some flowers with her to lay on William’s grave.
‘I thought we’d walk into St Paul’s Dean, rather than take the car,’ Peter said, taking her arm. ‘We can stop in and see Abe and Clare on the way back and make arrangements for tonight.’
‘It’s a shame they can’t have a proper engagement party,’ Evie said. ‘Instead it’s just going to be the four of us.’
‘Once all this nonsense is over, we’ll have an engagement and going away party for them at the Nine Seven Six. We can invite everyone then.’
‘I just wish they’d find Tony. Then everything could go back to normal.’

They arrived at the church and were met by Mr Chambers, the undertaker, whose family had worked with the Ashleighs for four generations. His demeanour matched his profession. His hair was black and slicked back from his brow. He wore sombre black clothes and even though it was a hot, late July day, he still wore black leather gloves. He greeted Peter and Evie, and they went round to the family plot at the back of the church where Simeon, the usher was waiting to unlock the gate. What greeted Evie took her breath away. The front part of the church – which was open to the public, was scruffy and overgrown, and the graves of the villagers who had been interred there were left to become covered in weeds and moss. The Ashleigh plot however, was kept beautifully. Ahead of them lay a finely-mowed lawn filled with headstones of varying ages. At the back stood fancily ornate monuments of angels and other religious and mythical creatures.
‘We were thinking of burying Claudia next to my Uncle William,’ Peter said. ‘Would that be possible?’
‘It shouldn’t be a problem,’ Mr Chambers replied. ‘I’m sure there will be enough room.’
It turned out that those Ashleighs who had died young were interred at the side of the plot, close to the wall of the church. In a shady spot was a fairly new looking gravestone that read ‘William Sven Edwin Christien Ashleigh – 14th January 1908 – 27th November 1940 – Died in Action. Rest in Peace.’ No affection, no ‘in loving memory’ - not even the name of his parents. It seemed so cold, and Evie wondered if it was true what Imelda was saying, that he was nothing more than an embarrassment to Lord and Lady Ashleigh. But he had died a hero - fighting in the war. Surely that should have made up for any sins he committed as a young man?
Next to William’s grave was an empty plot of land, and next to that was the grave of a baby called ‘Edwin Franklyn Ashleigh’, and his date of birth given as 24th of February 1907 and his date of death as 4th April 1907. Evie guessed he was the first baby of Lord and Lady Ashleigh and would have been the true heir if he’d lived. How different her life might have been then. William might have been free to be with Daisy.
After Peter had finished talking to Mr Chambers, he joined Evie at William’s grave, and she felt embarrassed that she’d been standing there for a long time.
‘Poor Uncle William,’ Peter lamented. ‘No one ever seems to look after his grave.’
It was true. There were no flowers – not even dead ones. And the long grass was trailing up the headstone. To see her father neglected so much, brought tears to Evie’s eyes, and she wondered how she was going to explain it away.
‘It just makes me so sad,’ she said. ‘Maybe it was because he was there at the same time as Mum, I don’t know. But it’s like he’s just been forgotten.’
‘I think it’s too painful for Mama and Papa to discuss,’ Peter said. ‘He was their eldest son after all. And they lost Edwin as a baby before that.’ He gave a wan laugh. ‘Thanks to both of them dying, it all goes to me.’
‘I think I’ll bring some flowers,’ Evie said. ‘Maybe tidy the grave up.’ She looked up at Peter. ‘Would that be okay?’
‘Of course it would,’ he smiled, putting his arm around her shoulder. ‘You are so very kind Evie,’ he said. ‘We’d all be lost without you.’
Chapter Thirteen

After the visit to the cemetery, Peter returned to the house, as his grandfather wanted to have lunch with him. Evie went back to her room and lay on her bed. She had a headache and she felt overwhelmed by what had happened that morning. Seeing her father’s grave made it all so real, and she felt so sorry for him because it seemed he’d been somehow pushed to the back of everyone’s minds. But now knowing the Ashleigh family like she did, she realised William with his wild behaviour would have been mortifying for them. He would have blackened the family name, just because he didn’t keep that stiff upper lip at all times. From the picture that had been painted of him by the people she’d spoken to, he was funny and expressive. And even though these people were her family, she had to admit they were amongst the coldest, most miserable people she had ever encountered.
She fell off to sleep and when she next awoke, it was late afternoon and she felt hungry and disorientated. As she turned over, she spotted the old pull rope in the corner of the room and thought of the times that William would have pulled it to summon her mother. Evie wondered if she pulled it, would Mrs Roman come upstairs and she could tell her to go and make her some dinner. She guessed the answer. Mrs Roman would tell her to go and do it herself. 
There was the sound of laughter coming from outside and Evie got off the bed and walked over to the window. She got a surprise to find it was indeed Peter and Rebecca on the drive, standing close together. Rebecca was laughing at whatever Peter was saying, her hands behind her back, her pelvis jutting forward. Her position was coy and yet flirtatious, and Evie didn’t like to see it. Her jealousy got the better of her and she left the room and marched downstairs and out the front of the house. Both Peter and Rebecca spotted her and sprung apart slightly.
‘Hello Evie,’ Peter said. ‘I was just telling Rebecca about Ain’t Misbehaving.’
‘Yes,’ Rebecca chimed. ‘I was thinking maybe Serena and I should go and see it tonight.’
‘Yes, it’s very good,’ Evie said. She then looked at Peter. ‘Darling what time are we leaving?’
‘Leaving?’ he frowned.
‘I thought we were going into Haslemere for dinner.’ This was what they were telling everyone. No one could know they were really going to Abe and Clare’s engagement party.
‘Oh yes, sorry old girl,’ he smiled sheepishly. He then looked at his watch. ‘I’ll meet you out here in about an hour and a half.’
Feeling she was dismissed, Evie turned and went back into the house. She was just about to go down into the kitchen to ask Mrs Roman to fix her something to eat, when she was stopped by Aunt Hortensia coming out of the drawing room.
‘Oh hello Vivienne,’ she said and Evie couldn't be bothered to correct her. 
‘Hello Aunt Hortensia,’ she smiled.
‘I was going to ask that housekeeper to take me upstairs. Would you do it?’
‘Of course.’
Evie took the old lady's arm and led her up the winding staircase.
‘Are you going be working here for much longer?’ Hortensia asked.
‘I don't work here,’ Evie laughed. ‘I'm Peter's friend, remember?’
‘Oh yes, I'm sorry dear. So many of you young girls in the house. I'm sorry I'm going to miss the funeral, but I'm expected at the Jackson’s for the summer.  Such a shame. I missed young William's funeral too.’
‘You didn't go?’
‘Oh no. It was the war you see, and Edwin was insistent that if travelling was going to be dangerous then we had to stay at home.’
‘I see.’ This saddened Evie all the more. Her father hadn’t even been afforded the dignity of a proper family funeral. She did feel so awfully short-changed on his behalf.
They reached the bathroom and Evie waited outside for Aunt Hortensia. She didn't feel quite so resentful for helping out now - if she was going to be welcomed into the family it was only right that she mucked in too.
Aunt Hortensia came back out, grasping Evie's arm so she could help her back downstairs.
‘Will you be coming to the wedding dear?’ she asked.
‘What wedding?’
‘Peter and Rebecca. Oh she will make a beautiful bride.’
‘Peter and Rebecca are just friends,’ Evie laughed nervously, wondering what the old woman had been told. ‘There is no wedding.’
‘Well there will be if Edwin has his way. He's not going to let Rebecca slip through Peter's fingers again.’
Evie returned Aunt Hortensia to the drawing room and pondered over her words. Was it true? Did Lord Ashleigh really want Peter to marry Rebecca? She couldn't be sure - Aunt Hortensia got quite confused about things, and it was possible she was thinking back to years ago when Peter and Rebecca were engaged.
Just in case, Evie took extra care with her appearance that evening. They may have only been going across the fields to the lodge to see Abe and Clare, but she still wore her nicest blue shift dress, clipping on the diamond earrings Ray had bought her last Christmas. She made sure her make-up was immaculate and spritzed herself with Shalimar. The bottle was running low and she was keeping it for special occasions, but she figured this was one of them. She also decided she was going to take Peter to bed that night and considered leaving out her Dutch cap and risking pregnancy. Still not sure what she was going to do, she left it in its box and made her way down to the drive. As he promised, Peter was waiting for her and it disconcerted Evie that he didn't even greet her with a peck on the cheek. Instead he kept one hand in his pocket and the other on the picnic basket - which Evie suspected contained bottles of booze.
‘You look lovely old girl,’ he said. ‘Makes me think I should be taking you to a swanky dinner.’
‘Why don't we stay with Abe and Clare for a while then drive into Guildford?’ Evie suggested, grasping his arm. ‘We could have dinner somewhere.’
‘Let’s see shall we?’ he said, patting her hand. ‘It is Abe and Clare’s engagement party after all.’
They set off through the fields and to the lodge, and as they walked, Evie wanted to ask Peter about what Aunt Hortensia said about Rebecca. She couldn’t bring herself to say it. Peter seemed distracted, but Evie knew that the last week or so had been terribly stressful for him. He’d arrived here as the heir apparent, and with Claudia’s murder, he’d suddenly had responsibility thrust upon him. His grandfather was too old to cope with the technicalities and it had been passed to Peter. Things had changed so much, and she realised that her dream of living in Paradise was slipping away before her eyes. Peter belonged in London. He didn’t enjoy playing the role of the man of the house and she knew that given a chance, he would fulfil his vow and sell it on.
They reached the lodge and Evie smiled on seeing how Abe and Clare had pulled out the various tables and chairs that were in the house, and had put them outside so they could enjoy the evening sunshine. It pleased Evie that Clare too had made an effort, wearing her white lace dress, her hair curled finely around her ears. She welcomed Peter and Evie with a kiss and told them to sit down.
‘Not before we open this,’ Peter said, taking a bottle of champagne out of the basket. ‘We have to celebrate in style.’
They drunk champagne out of the dusty glasses that had come from the kitchen cupboard, and ate the digestive biscuits that Stephen and Adam had left behind. Abe complained that the biscuits tasted like dust and he couldn’t wait to return to the US for ‘proper food’. Once the champagne was gone, Peter produced a bottle of port from the basket and poured them each a glass. It was a beautiful evening, and as the sun set, Evie thought to herself that she never wanted to be anywhere else. She could happily live here in the Lodge - once Clare and Abe had left.
‘So what happens now?’ Peter asked them, his voice slurring slightly from too much alcohol and too little food. ‘Where are you off to once you leave here?’
‘London,’ Clare said. ‘At first I was going to leave without saying goodbye to my parents.’ She laughed wanly. ‘It should be my coming out ball tomorrow night, but obviously that isn’t going to happen now - after what my brother did, I’d never be accepted into society anyway. But I feel I owe it to my parents to explain everything to them. I still don’t know how they’ll feel about me marrying Abe.’ She reached over and took his hand and gave it a gentle swing.
‘What if they disapprove?’ Evie asked. ‘Would you still marry him?’
‘Of course. I love him. I can’t live my life through Mother and Father.’
‘But you’ll marry in the States?’ Peter said.
‘Yes. I’m twenty-one now. I can marry wherever I like.’
‘What about you two?’ Abe smiled. ‘Will there be wedding bells?’
‘I don’t think Evie wants to get married do you?’ Peter asked, looking at her and squinting through his drunkenness. ‘You’re a free-spirit.’
‘I never said that,’ she blushed. ‘I’d love to get married. Don’t all women?’
‘No, no, you stay as you are old girl,’ he said. ‘Be thankful you have no family and no duty to fulfil.’
Evie didn’t like the tone of this conversation and desperately tried to think of something else to talk about. But Peter carried on relentless. He looked at Abe and Clare and waved his glass at them.
‘Damn shame you’ll miss my wedding. Then again, I suppose you could always come over. Not sure how the family would feel about you being there though Clare, what with everything that’s happened.’
‘W-Wedding?’ Evie uttered, looking at him. ‘What wedding?’
‘Mine and Rebecca’s. That was what the grandfatherly chat was all about earlier on. I was good as told that she was the woman I should marry if I’m going to make a decent go of being Lord and Master.’
‘B-But you don’t want to be Lord and Master,’ Evie cried. ‘What are you talking about Peter?’
He sat up and looked at her, and she couldn’t make out if his smile was pitying or mocking. Either way, it cut her to the quick.
‘You didn’t think I was going to marry you did you?’ he said. ‘Darling, you’re the daughter of a maid. I could never marry you.’
Before Evie could react. Before she could cry and shout at him and tell him that she was his cousin. The first born child of the heir to the Ashleigh Estate and therefore his better, they were interrupted by Clare gasping.
‘Isn’t that, that policeman?’
Evie looked round and indeed across the fields Tommy was walking towards them. She didn’t know why he was here, or where he’d come from, but couldn’t help but think it ironic given that she’d just been so ceremoniously dumped by Peter, and here was the man she had true feelings for. The man who she’d kept in her heart since that horrid winter’s night when her mum had been taken from her. She felt foolish for holding Tommy at bay because she thought she stood a chance with Peter. How blind and arrogant she’d been to think she would ever be more in his eyes than a bit of fun.
‘Is everything alright?’ Tommy asked as he came closer.
‘Yes, it’s fine,’ Peter said. ‘What are you doing here?’
‘We had a radio message from an officer who was patrolling on the outskirts of the estate and thought he saw Anthony Woodward-Jones.’
‘Tony!’ Clare gasped, sitting up. ‘He’s not here is he?’
‘I don’t know. But I thought I’d come out to have a look.’
There was then another voice that came from behind them that rocked them all to their foundations.
‘You’re obviously not good enough at your job officer, otherwise you’d have known that I’m here.’
Everyone looked round and Clare cried in horror at seeing Tony leaning against the outside of the house. He had appeared from nowhere, and Evie wondered where he’d been hiding. And it was only when Tommy said;
‘Why don’t you put that thing down Tony?’
That she realised he was indeed holding a pistol; dangling it idly in his right hand. Clare cried out and got out of her seat to run away, but Tony shot forward and pointed the gun at her.
‘You treacherous bitch,’ he hissed, and Evie was sure she could see tears in his eyes. ‘You treacherous nigger-loving bitch.’
Abe got up and stood in front of Clare to protect her, and Tommy came forward, raising his hands in supplication.
‘Now come on Anthony,’ he said. ‘Just put the gun down. It's not going to solve anything is it?’
Evie was so frightened she couldn't move. At the same time, it felt like she was watching a film and all this wasn't real. She admired Tommy for staying so calm and confronting Tony in what was a highly dangerous situation.
‘Keep out of it you,’ Tony shouted at Tommy. ‘This is nothing to do with you. This is between me and my sister.’ He said this, but his expression then changed to one of fury and he looked at Peter, waving the gun at him. ‘And you! Why did you invite him here? You're supposed to be my friend.’
‘Now come on old chap,’ Peter said. ‘Abe and Clare can't help how they feel. But I'm sure if you feel that strongly about it, they would break up.’
‘I tell you what,’ Tommy said. ‘Why don't you let these lot go indoors and we'll stay out here and talk?’
‘No!’ cried Tony, taking the tone of a spoilt brat once again. ‘I'm not leaving without her.’
He came closer to Abe and he naturally stepped back, pushing Clare with him.
‘Let my sister go,’ Tony said.
‘No,’ Abe said firmly. ‘Shoot me. Don't hurt her.’
‘How touching,’ Tony smiled mockingly. ‘How about I kill both of you?’
‘Now no-one’s going to kill anybody,’ Tommy said. ‘Why don't we let the girls go inside and us men will talk about it?’
‘That's a capital idea,’ Peter said. ‘Let Evie and Clare go inside old chap.’
Tony faced right up to Abe and pressed the pistol against his forehead. Evie was amazed at how calm Abe remained, until she looked at the hand holding onto Clare, behind his back, and saw it was shaking.
‘There are three bullets in here,’ Tony said calmly. ‘One for you. One for her, and one for me. Without Clare I've nothing to live for.’
‘Why did you do it Tony?’ Peter asked, and Evie guessed he was trying to distract him in the hope he'd move the gun away from Abe. ‘Why did you kill Claudia?’
‘Because I found these animals in bed together,’ he cried. ‘I was angry. I went outside and found the little slut having a cigarette. She started telling me that when she'd been in America she'd tried a reefer and she longed to find someone in England who could get her one.’ He laughed loudly. ‘She was like a child. All I had to do was tell her I happened to have some marijuana and suggested we go into the old house to smoke it. She fetched a candle and she followed me into the house like a little sheep. When we got there, I thought I’d teach her a lesson for being such a dirty little slut, but she put up a fight, so I strangled her.’
‘She was only seventeen,’ Evie cried.
‘Shut up,’ he barked. ‘When I left her, I fell down the steps in the old house, and I was bruised from where Claudia had hit me. So when I heard that stupid bitch Rebecca Stansfield coming out of the house, I decided to pretend I’d fallen up the steps.’
‘Claudia wasn’t much more than a child,’ Evie uttered, still unable to come to terms with everything.
‘I said shut up!’
He turned suddenly, and out of nowhere, Evie found herself flung to the ground, and just as she went, there was a gun-shot. In what seemed like an eternity, time froze as she fell down onto the dry grass. In her confusion, she wondered if the mighty weight upon her was death itself.  There was a scream, but she couldn’t see who it was coming from. Was it coming from her? She turned her head and saw Tommy’s face looking down at her. Tommy was the person who’d knocked her to the ground. He suddenly climbed off her, and as he left her body, it jolted her back to reality; and like a film suddenly speeding up, everything came into focus rapidly. Evie got to her feet and found Clare and Abe standing over Peter, who was lying on the ground, holding onto his chest, blood seeping through his fingers. She looked to her right and saw Tommy chasing Tony round the side of the house. There was another gun-shot, and Evie felt suddenly torn. Did she go to Peter, who’d obviously been hit as Tommy had tried to save her? Or did she go to Tommy to see if he was alright?
Peter had Abe and Clare to look after him; so, with shaking legs, Evie ran round to the side of the house; but before she could make it, Tommy emerged. His face was pale, his hand was shaking slightly as he raised it to Evie.
‘Don’t go any further,’ he said. ‘Is there a telephone in this house?’
‘No,’ she replied. ‘No there isn’t.’
‘I estimate that the public telephone on the main road is nearer to here than the house. I’ve got to go and phone for an ambulance and call for my colleagues. You stay with Peter and make sure he’s okay.’
‘Is Tony dead?’ she asked.
‘Yes. He turned the gun on himself. Now don’t worry about him. Go and see your boyfriend.’
Evie did as she was told and ran back over to Peter. He was flat on his back, his hands no longer gripping his chest but instead held rigid against his sides, trembling. His blue shirt was now soaked red with blood, and Abe was ripping it open.
‘We need to stop the bleeding,’ he said. ‘Clare go inside and get a towel.’
Clare ran off into the house, sobbing. Evie took one of Peter’s cold, clammy, trembling hands and held it tight. He was grey and sweaty, like Viv had been. His eyes were wandering; and as he smiled at her, he looked demented.
‘I would have married you if I could,’ he uttered. ‘You’re lovely Evie.’
‘Don’t try and talk,’ she replied, squeezing his hand tighter. ‘Tommy has gone for an ambulance.’
‘It hurts,’ he said, his face screwing up in pain. ‘Mummy it hurts.’	
Suddenly the trembling stopped and the contortions in his face disappeared as he became still. He was dead and Evie screamed. She’d had enough. First her mum; then Ray, then Claudia, and now Peter. She’d had too much death in her life. She couldn’t cope with any more. The screaming wouldn’t stop - however much the conscious part of her brain wanted it to. Abe leaned across Peter’s body and took her in his arms, Evie sobbed against his shoulder, the metallic smell of Peter’s blood filling her nose and making her feel sick. She couldn't bear it any longer. She pulled away from Abe and ran into the house. As she did so, she bumped into Clare who was coming out, holding a towel.
‘What's the matter?’ she asked.
‘Peter's dead,’ Evie cried. ‘He's dead and it's my fault.’
She ran into the house and into the small bedroom that Clare and Abe shared. She threw herself onto the bed and sobbed, and it was only when she realised she could still smell that horrible metallic smell that she saw her hands were covered in Peter's blood. She ran into the kitchen and turned on the tap, letting the cold, hard water run over her hands until it hurt her skin. She suddenly felt someone grasp her around the shoulders, and as soon as she smelt the soft, musky perfume, she realised it was Clare.
‘It's okay,’ she whispered, leaning across Evie and turning off the tap. She turned her around and like a mother, dried her hands with a tea towel.
‘T-Tony's dead as well,’ Evie cried. ‘I'm so sorry Clare.’
‘It's good riddance to bad rubbish as far as I'm concerned,’ Clare said coolly. ‘I'm just sorry about Peter. He didn't deserve that.’
‘He told me it was me he wanted to marry, at the end. It wasn't Rebecca after all.’
‘Everyone could see he was crazy about you,’ Clare smiled. ‘Now come and sit down.’
She led Evie into the sitting room and sat her down. She sat beside her and held onto her shoulders while Evie shook and cried. It was all so overwhelming that Evie couldn't even think clearly. So many things raced through her mind - how she was almost killed; how she lost so many people who meant anything to her; how Tommy had once again saved her.
‘It was my fault,’ she uttered. ‘He wanted to shoot me. Tommy shouldn’t have stopped him.’
‘Shssh,’ Clare said, pulling Evie's head to her shoulder and stroking her hair. ‘No one's blaming you for anything. The only person responsible is Tony.’
Suddenly the silence became disrupted with the sound of police sirens surrounding the house - their noise making it sound as though a thousand alarm clocks had gone off at once. A door slammed and Tommy came back into the house, a fraught look on his face. He knelt before Evie and took her hands.
‘Do you need to go to the hospital?’ he asked slowly, like someone addressing a child or a very old person.
‘You saved me again,’ Evie smiled, reaching out and stroking his face. ‘You did it again.’
He took her wrist, and in an act that could get him sacked if he was spotted by a superior, he kissed her palm.
‘I'll always be here for you, you know that,’ he said.
‘What's going on?’ Clare asked.
‘Tommy's my oldest friend,’ Evie replied dreamily. ‘On the day my mum died, he stayed with me and looked after me and made sure I was okay. And he saved me again just then.’
There was the sound of footsteps and Tommy sprang back, just as two uniformed officers came into the room.
‘Is everything okay sir?’ one of them asked.
‘Yes,’ Tommy replied. ‘Miss Wallis is sure she doesn't need the hospital. I'm going to take her and Miss Woodward-Jones and Mr Gillespie back to Barnham House. Is PC Hanson out there?’
‘Yes sir.’
‘He can come too. Someone's got to tell the parents.’
They were taken in a police car back to the house. The uniformed policeman driving and Tommy sitting beside him. In the back, Clare, Abe and Evie sat together, and Evie wondered who was going to tell Clare’s parents that Tony was dead. No matter what he'd done, he was still their son and they would want to grieve for him. As the car got closer, Evie realised she didn't want to go back to Barnham House. So many horrible things had happened since she came here, and she suddenly saw it for what it was. An old house. A relic to the past and nothing of significance. She didn’t long to live in Paradise any more. What she longed for was a family. For someone to accept her and acknowledge her and tell her she belonged.
When they got back to Barnham House, Abe got out and Tommy helped Evie and Clare from the car. PC Hanson went on ahead, putting his pointed helmet on his head. He knocked on the door, his hands behind his back, rocking back on his heels. The door opened and Mrs Roman stood there, a horrified expression on her face.
‘What’s happened here?’ she cried. 
‘Lady Ashleigh?’ the young officer asked.
‘No, I’m the housekeeper. Do you want her Ladyship?’
‘Yes please.’
Evie looked at Tommy and grasped his hands.
‘I can’t face them!’ she cried. ‘Can I just go straight to bed?’
‘Of course you can.’ He looked round at Clare and Abe. ‘Will you two stay here tonight as well?’ he asked.
‘If the family will allow us,’ Abe said.
‘If it’s alright with you, I’ll get Evie up to bed,’ Tommy said. ‘If you need anything, PC Hanson will assist you.’
Tommy took hold of Evie’s arm and led her up the stairs to her bedroom. Evie was still crying and shaking, and felt as though she would never be still again. In her mind, all she could see was Peter dead, lying on the ground, covered in blood. She closed her eyes and felt the impact of Tommy landing on top of her. Right then she wished he hadn’t saved her and let her die. Her life seemed so meaningless, and all she ever did was bring misery to people.
They went into her bedroom and Tommy sat her down on her bed and sat next to her, taking hold of her trembling hands.
‘Do you want me to get the housekeeper to make you a cup of tea?’ he asked. ‘Maybe put some sugar in it to help steady your nerves?’
Evie shook her head.
‘I don’t think I’ll ever be able to eat or drink again. I’m cursed Tommy. Keep away from me.  All I do is curse people.’
‘Don’t be silly,’ he laughed. ‘You’re lovely. You’re not a curse.’
‘My mum died; my boyfriend Ray died. My friend Viv almost died, Claudia was murdered, Peter’s dead and Tony killed himself. It’s me. I’m bad luck to everyone.’
‘Stop talking like that, it’s just one of those things. Anthony Woodward-Jones was a mad man - it was nothing to do with you. And I’m sorry about Peter, I know you were very fond of him.’
‘I thought we had a future,’ she lamented. ‘I thought we could have got married and lived here. But all the time his grandfather. My grandfather, was plotting for him to marry Rebecca.’
‘She was more his type Evie. You’re rough and ready. And all the better for it, I say.’
‘But I’m not rough and ready. I’m their flesh and blood.’
‘They don’t know that. Anyway, all that’s the least of your worries right now. Are you sure you don’t need to go to the hospital? You’re as white as a sheet.’
‘No. I just want to sleep. I’m so tired.’
‘Okay. Well I’ll come back and see how you are tomorrow. I’ve got to go back to the lodge now – it’s a crime scene after all.’
He stood up and bent down, kissing the top of Evie’s head. She lay down on her side, her knees drawn up to her chest, and cried quietly to herself. She was exhausted. Far too tired for histrionics. All she felt was a calm feeling of despair. Voices swirled around her head - Peter declaring that he was going to marry Rebecca; his later confession that he loved Evie; Tony threatening to kill them all. Everything went round and round and she thought she was never going to be sane again. 
Chapter Fourteen

Gradually exhaustion overtook Evie's disturbed thoughts and she fell asleep. She was next awoken the following morning by Mrs Roman, who was shaking her by the shoulder.
‘Get up,’ she snapped. ‘His Lordship wants to see you. You might want to make yourself tidy. You look a state.’
Confused, Evie sat up, and for a moment wondered what the hell was happening. Then last night came back to her and she started crying again.
‘We’ve no time for that,’ Mrs Roman snapped. ‘Get yourself ready and be downstairs in the small drawing room in ten minutes.’
She left the room and Evie looked down and saw that she was still wearing her clothes from last night. She stumbled into the bathroom and looked in the mirror and was horrified when she saw her make-up was smeared all over her face and her hair was sticking up at angles. She washed her face and didn’t bother to put any fresh make up on. She brushed her hair, tying it back in a pony tail, and dressed in a blouse and skirt. She was the nearest thing Peter had to a widow - no matter what Rebecca Stansfield thought - and she wanted to look as though she was grieving.
She went downstairs to the small drawing room, and as she went she wondered what Lord Ashleigh wanted with her. Did he want to berate her and somehow blame her for the death of his grandson? Did he want to express his concern for her welfare after she'd witnessed such a horrific event? She knocked on the door and he called for her to come in. Evie went in and found Lord Ashleigh standing by the fireplace, and Lady Ashleigh sitting on a sofa, drinking a cup of tea, not bothering to make eye contact with Evie as she entered.
‘Oh hello Evelyn,’ Lord Ashleigh said. ‘Do take a seat.’
Evie sat down next to Lady Ashleigh, who didn’t have the decency to offer her a drink.
‘How are you feeling?’ Lord Ashleigh asked.
‘Still a little shaken,’ she replied. ‘I’m so sorry about Peter.’
‘I hear he died saving you.’
Evie didn’t know how to reply to this. It was Tommy who’d saved her, not Peter. He’d merely got caught in the cross-fire. But if it helped his grandparents to remember him this way and think he died a hero, she had no right to shatter their illusion.
‘Yes, that’s right,’ she said quietly.
‘As you can imagine, Evelyn, with the deaths of both of my grandchildren, there is a lot of interest from the newspapers. I can trust you won’t speak to anyone when you return to London can’t I?’
‘Of course not!’ she gasped, quite offended he could even think she’d do such a thing. ‘I want to put it all behind me.’
‘I’m glad to hear that. I expect you have people waiting for you back in London?’
‘Well, no, not really. I don’t mind staying on here if you need help.’
‘That’s very kind of you dear,’ Lady Ashleigh finally piped up. ‘But this is a time for family. Things have been so very horrid of late, we just need to be together. Thank you for your friendship to Peter. I know he valued the help you gave him at his nightclub. I don’t know what the arrangement was there; but until his estate is sorted out, perhaps you could run it for him.’
‘I suppose so,’ Evie replied hesitantly.
‘Thank you.’
‘Have you any money on you Evelyn?’ Lord Ashleigh asked.
‘Not much.’
‘Well come and see me later on and I’ll give you something so you can get a taxi back to London. It’s the least we can do after your kindness to our grandson.’
Evie baulked at how quickly they wanted to get rid of her, and felt so tempted to tell them the truth. But as she went to open her mouth, she became tongue tied and couldn’t say any more. To speak was to betray her mother’s deepest confidence, and reveal to them what their son had done. She couldn’t do it.
Before she could get up to leave, the door opened and Imelda walked in.
‘I left my cigarettes in here,’ she said, going over to the sideboard and picking up the packet of Weights that had been left on there. She took one out, lighting it with a match, and looked at Evie as she did so, raising her eyebrows. 
‘By the look on your face, I assume they’ve asked you to leave,’ she said, blowing out smoke.
‘This is a private matter Imelda,’ Lady Ashleigh snapped. ‘Why don’t you return to your room?’
‘They want you to go Evie,’ she carried on. ‘Because last night, I told them my suspicions. That now Peter’s dead, actually you’re the rightful heir to this house. As you can imagine, that didn’t go down too well.’
Evie’s head swam, and for a moment she thought she was hallucinating. That the shock of it all had got to her and she was imagining things. How could Imelda possibly know?
‘Imelda will you be quiet and leave us alone at once?!’ Lord Ashleigh snapped.
‘What’s your date of birth Evie?’ Imelda asked.	
‘Don’t answer her Evelyn,’ Lord Ashleigh said. ‘It’s nothing to do with her.’
‘The First of May 1925,’ Evie replied, bolded by having an ally. Maybe just maybe, she could make her grandparents see sense.
‘I thought so,’ Imelda nodded, leaning against the sideboard. ‘I thought it as soon as I saw you. You have William’s eyes, and once, when I was a little girl, I was misbehaving and hiding from nanny and I ran into the garden and I caught William and Daisy kissing. Even then, as young as I was, something told me it had to remain a secret, and I didn’t tell a soul. I put it to the back of my mind; but it was only when you turned up and I found out you were Daisy’s daughter and I guessed you were about thirty that I put two and two together. So of course, with Peter and my daughter dead. It’s between you and Serena. And as the daughter of the only son, that makes you the heir to this estate.’
‘I have never heard such nonsense in my life, and I told you so last night,’ Lord Ashleigh spluttered. ‘Daisy was a very pretty and spirited young girl. Evelyn’s father could have been any one of a number of men.’
‘My mum wasn’t some sort of tart,’ Evie snapped, finding the courage to speak.
‘This is completely irrelevant,’ Lady Ashleigh said. ‘Before you interrupted us Imelda we were talking about Evelyn's future. Of course she can stay here for a while - she had a terrible shock yesterday.’
‘She should stay here permanently!’ Imelda cried. ‘Can you not see she's the spitting image of William?’
Evie recalled her first meeting with Lady Ashleigh and how ashen she'd looked on seeing her - like she recognised her.
‘That's enough,’ Lord Ashleigh said, and he roughly grasped Imelda's arm, and went to frog-march her out.
‘She's telling the truth!’ Evie cried, and all activity stopped. Everyone turned to look at her and she immediately regretted her actions, wondering if she'd gone too far. But it was too late, the damage had been done, and at the end of the day, she had a right to state her case.  ‘Imelda's right,’ she sighed. ‘Just before my mum died, she told me that I was the result of the love affair she had with William. When she died I was taken in by Priscilla Cray, who used to be Imelda's governess and she confirmed it for me. She told me everything.’
‘And do you have proof?’ Lady Ashleigh snapped.
‘No.’
‘Precisely.’
‘Is that why you ingratiated yourself with my grandson?’ Lord Ashleigh gasped. ‘Just to come here and see what you could take from us?’
‘Of course not. I was very fond of Peter. But of course when he invited me here, I accepted as I wanted to see where my mother worked. And I wanted to find out more about my father.’
‘I have never heard anything so ridiculous,’ scoffed Lady Ashleigh. ‘Daisy was a common maid and my son wouldn't have had anything to do with her. As for what my daughter claims to have seen. She was an imaginative child and she is also still over-come with the death of Claudia. She's confused.’
‘I know what I saw!’ Imelda cried. ‘Will no one listen to me?’
Lord Ashleigh gripped her by the shoulders and looked her in the eye. ‘Imelda will you please go back to your room? Otherwise I’ll have to call Simms to remove you.’
Evie recoiled at hearing him speak like this. He was treating his daughter like she was some common criminal who had broken into the house with malicious intent. What sort of family was this?
‘The things I could tell you Evie,’ Imelda cried. ‘The lengths this family will go to, to hide their dirty little secrets.’
‘That’s enough,’ Lord Ashleigh said, and he grasped her by the top of the arm and marched her out of the room. Imelda carried on shouting, but the door was slammed and Evie couldn’t hear what she was saying. Suddenly it fell deadly quiet, and she and Lady Ashleigh sat in silence for a moment. 
‘How much do you want?’ Lady Ashleigh suddenly piped up.
‘I beg your pardon?’ Evie replied.
‘How much do you want? I take it you came here for money.’
‘No! As I said, I just wanted to see where my father’s family lived. Maybe a part of me hoped Peter would ask me to marry him and one day I could come and live here. But there was no malice on my part, I swear.’
‘As it is just the two of us here, I will tell you the truth. The day I came here and saw you for the first time, I will admit I was taken by how much you looked like my son. But when Peter said your surname was Wallis, I just presumed Daisy married someone else soon after leaving here. My son was a rather troubled boy and I don’t doubt that he might have been tempted by your mother and her wiles. Of course people can’t find out about it, and I’m willing to pay you to keep quiet.’
Evie went to tell her to shove her hush money up her arse, but she stopped. Maybe the Ashleigh family did owe her. With Peter dead, there was no heir to the estate - just her and Serena. Lady Ashleigh admitted that she knew Evie was William’s, and yet because she was a backstairs bastard, she had no right to any of the privileges. She would forever remain a secret. Did she really want to live in this horrible house with these cold-hearted people, who, although were her flesh and blood, were nothing to do with her? The Ashleighs were hard-hearted and unsympathetic, and the house was tainted with the murders of Claudia and Peter. It was only Paradise by name. It was hell on earth.
‘I want two thousand pounds,’ Evie declared. She guessed this would buy her a little flat in Guildford and leave enough money to keep her going until she got back on her feet and found a job.
‘Two thousand pounds!’ gasped Lady Ashleigh. ‘That’s an enormous amount of money.’
‘Okay, I’ll go to the papers and tell them everything, shall I? They’re interested in this family enough as it is at the moment. I’m sure they’d like to know about the secret bastard daughter as well.’
Evie couldn’t believe she was talking like this. All she’d ever wanted from the family was acceptance, and it was ending so horribly. It wasn’t in her nature to demand money, and it seemed that as with everything in her life, the dream was ending before it had even begun.
‘Very well, you leave me no other option. We don’t have that sort of money lying around, but if you leave me a forwarding address I will make sure you get it in due course. I want it to be done legally though, in the presence of a solicitor. I don’t want you taking your money and still selling your story.’
‘Don’t you feel anything for me?’ Evie uttered. ‘I’m your grand-daughter.’
‘I don’t know you,’ she said coldly. ‘What you are to me is neither here or there. Serena has recently started seeing a very nice young man, and hopefully they will marry and the estate will pass to his family. We could never include someone like yourself.’
‘I don’t understand you,’ Evie said, knowing she was being facetious to someone who was in essence her ‘better’ but was unable to stop herself. ‘I’m part of your son who’s dead, and yet you feel nothing for me. Forget about titles and privileges and rights. I’m William’s only daughter. Your only link to him.’
‘There is no room for sentiment in my world Evelyn,’ Lady Ashleigh replied. ‘I buried my son a long time ago and he has to remain in the past - as well as his mistakes. And I’m afraid you are no more to me than one of those.’
Evie was too hurt to hear any more, and ran from the room. She found herself in the lobby and didn’t know where to go. She just wanted to run away from his horrible house and the people in it. With a sob, she turned and ran through it, back out into the tropical garden, past the lake and on, until she found herself at the lodge; and she wondered how she was going to pass it without being reminded of the horrors that had gone on the night before. A ground-sheet covered where Peter lay; and four metal rods had been placed in a square around it, with white tape tied to them. Evie couldn’t help but still see Peter laying there, bleeding to death; and as much as she wanted to get away, she was rooted to the spot in terror. She was alerted by another voice;
‘Evie what are you doing here?’
She looked round to find Tommy standing in the doorway of the lodge, a concerned expression on his face.
‘I had to get out of that house,’ she cried. ‘I hate it.’
‘Tell you what, I’ve just got to hand over to DI Price then I’m finished. I’ll meet you by the gate. Wait for me there.’
Evie managed to get past the scene of Peter’s murder and walked past Tommy and the house, only glancing down the side of it and seeing another taped off area, where Tony had lain. She walked to the gate, and with fumbling hands, stepped outside and felt relieved to be away from Barnham House. It wasn't meant to be this way. This was her family home, and while she hadn’t expected to be welcomed with open arms, never in a million years did she think it would end in murder and cold rejection.
She jumped out of her skin when two men came up to her. Both were wearing raincoats. One was holding a small jotter pad, the other held a camera with a flashbulb on. It was only natural the press would want a story. This was quite a scandal.
‘Excuse me Miss,’ the one holding the jotter said. ‘Henry Woods, the Daily Sketch. Could you spare me a few minutes?’
‘I don't know anything about the murders,’ Evie said quickly. ‘I'm just a friend of the police officer in charge.’
‘So you don't know anything about the family?’
‘No. They're nothing to do with me.’
Fortunately, just at that moment, Tommy came out of the gate.
‘Can I help you gentlemen?’ he asked in his most officious voice.
‘Henry Woods, The Daily Sketch. Can you give us any more information on the murders and suicide here?’
‘No, and if you don't move along I'll arrest you. Now move!’
They sauntered off in the direction of St Paul's Dean, but Evie guessed they were going to wait until her and Tommy were out of sight, then double back and approach the front of the house.
Once they'd gone, Tommy put his hand on Evie's shoulder and frowned in concern.
‘You look terrible sweetheart. Are you alright?’
Evie shook her head.
‘They're throwing me out,’ she said. ‘Imelda guessed who I really was and told my grandparents and they're chucking me out.’
‘Miserable old bastards. Come on, let's go for a drink and you can tell me all about it.’
They set off towards the village, and as they walked, Evie put her arm through Tommy's. What did it matter if people saw how close they were? Her family had her down as some sort of monster anyway.
‘You don't fancy going to the seaside do you?’ Tommy asked. 
‘Today?’
‘Today, tomorrow. I've got a week off. It's standard procedure after what I witnessed. I get a week off to get my head back together. Not that I'm particularly disturbed by it. I saw a lot worse in the war.’
‘Where could we go?’
‘Anywhere you like. Brighton, Southend, Eastbourne.’ He laughed. ‘The coast in your oyster!’
Evie laughed and squeezed his arm.
‘I've always liked Brighton. Perhaps we could go there. Separate rooms though. Peter hasn't been dead twenty four hours.’
‘What do you take me for?’ he chuckled. ‘I'm never anything but a gentleman.’
They went for a drink in The Blackberry Bush. Being back in Haslemere with Tommy made Evie think of when her mum had died and Priscilla had told her all about how she came to be. How exciting it had been at fifteen to discover she was really a member of the aristocracy. It was like a fairy tale, and for so long Evie had fantasised that one day her family would let her in and she would get to live in that big house and be rich and settled forever. She felt foolish for wishing for this now. Fairy tales never came true. In reality human beings were horrible to each other and the Ashleighs were no different.
‘You know they're not normal,’ she said more to herself than to Tommy as she sat staring out at Haslemere High Street. ‘If I lost a son and his daughter turned up, I'd welcome her with open arms.’
‘Yeah but the upper classes don't view their kids like we do, do they? They're almost like commodities. Just something else to pass the family silver down to.’
‘It's disgusting if you ask me. They didn't even seem particularly upset that Peter's dead. It was as though this has all just been an inconvenience to them.’
‘Don't upset yourself Evie,’ he said, reaching across the table and squeezing her hand. He gave her that hapless, cheeky smile that made him look ten again, and Evie felt something inside her change. She realised that she loved him. It was different to the love she'd felt for Peter. That had been swept up in delusions of grandeur and fantasies of living in her family home. But the Ashleigh's meant nothing to her. What was important was the life she'd led with her mum, growing up in London - and Tommy was part of that life.
‘What are you smiling at?’ he asked.
‘You. Do you know I was always scared of you when we were kids?’
‘I was a lairy little bugger,’ he chuckled. ‘When we were small, I always thought of you as Miss Hoity Toity. Then we got older and I fancied you like mad. I couldn't tell you though. I always thought you'd grow up and marry some rich bloke.’
‘That's ironic isn't it?’ Evie laughed wanly. ‘I never want to go near another rich man as long as I live.’
‘Do you mean that?’
‘I didn't fit in with that family Tommy. They might have been my flesh and blood, but they felt like nothing to me. Except maybe Imelda, I liked her. But as for Lady Ashleigh. What sort of woman offers her granddaughter money to keep her quiet?’
‘They've paid you off?!’
‘Yes. I'm getting two thousand pounds to shut up.’
‘Two grand!’ he exclaimed, then piped down, aware that everyone else in the pub could hear him. ‘What are you going to do with two thousand pounds?’
‘I thought I'd buy a flat in Guildford and find a job. I don't want to go back to London. It holds nothing but bad memories for me. I want to start afresh down here.’
‘Where are you going to go until you buy a flat?’
She shrugged her shoulders.
‘Back to London I suppose.’
‘Well I know a very nice boarding house - Mrs Temperleys on Quarry Street. A lot of the young Women Police Officers stay with her when they first come to Guildford. Why don't you see if she's got a room available? I could take you there today. My car's parked back at the house.’
‘Okay, it's not as though I'm going to be welcomed at Paradise is it?’
They finished their drinks and walked back to the estate. Thankfully Tommy had left his car parked close to the main entrance which meant Evie didn't have to see the house or risk bumping into anyone. They drove into Guildford, and as they entered Quarry Street, and Evie saw that it was filled with neat little terraced houses that were all white-washed and respectable, she realised this sort of environment was more her than Barnham House. She didn't want to live in a big house full of fancy things, with repressed, posh people. She wanted a simple life - perhaps with Tommy. But even if they only ever remained friends, at least she would be back with people like herself.
As they pulled up outside number seventeen, Evie spotted a fat, ginger cat sitting in the window, basking in the sun. He reminded her of Tibbles, the cat Daisy had got her for her fourth birthday. He'd got run over when Evie was ten and she was so upset Daisy thought it best not to get her another one. But she missed having a pet, and without going in, she knew she would like Mrs Temperley's. Animals made a place feel like a home.
‘What do you think?’ Tommy asked.
‘It looks cosy,’ she said. ‘I just want a home Tommy. From the time mum died, I feel as though all I've done is move around. I've no roots. No one who really worries about me.’
He picked up her hand and kissed it.
‘You've got me to look after you now,’ he said. ‘Whether you want to be just friends or my girlfriend, I don't know. But we're always going to be together Evie. You must feel that.’
‘I do,’ she said, leaning forward and kissing him on the cheek. ‘Come on, let's go and see Mrs Temperley.’

Evie and Mrs Temperley hit it off straight away. She was a plump, kindly woman who was obviously very familiar with Tommy; and Evie couldn't help but wonder how many WPCs he'd brought back there after a night out! Mrs Temperley offered Evie a lovely little room at the top of the house. It was snug, and she had to share a bathroom with the girl in the next room. But Evie had never lived alone, so she was used to sharing bathrooms. Besides, as soon as she got the money from the Ashleighs, she would be leaving to buy her own flat anyway. Tommy paid the two pounds deposit, and Mrs Temperley agreed that Evie could move her stuff in straight away. She decided she would move in properly once she and Tommy had returned from Brighton. Then she'd set about finding a job.
They left and drove back to Barnham House. Evie dreaded going in there and collecting her stuff, and Tommy offered to do it for her; but she knew that it would anger the Ashleighs more if they found out she'd involved other people. Tommy parked the car on the drive and said he'd wait for her; and once she'd got everything, he was going to drive her up to London to collect all her things from the Notting Hill flat. Evie would never know why Tommy felt the need to look after her so much, but she wasn't complaining. She wanted him to be around forever.
She rung the bell and Mrs Roman answered the door, that look of distaste covering her face as soon as she saw it was Evie.
‘Oh it's you. What do you want?’
‘I've come to collect my things.’
‘About time his Lord and Ladyship saw sense and threw you out. Come in.’
Evie stepped into the lobby and wondered if Tommy would arrest her if she punched Mrs Roman in the mouth. As she entered, Clare was coming downstairs, she too with a small suitcase.
‘Are you leaving as well?’ Evie asked.
‘Yes, later on. Stephen and Adam are coming to pick us up and we're going to spend a couple of days down in Dorset. Why don't you come with us?’
‘I'd love to, but Tommy and I are going to Brighton.’
There came another voice.
‘Master Peter not cold in his grave and you're already shacked up with another bloke.’
Evie turned round to find Mrs Roman earwigging, arms folded, look of disgust on her face.
‘Would you mind leaving us alone Mrs Roman?’ Evie asked. ‘This is a private conversation.’
With a tut, Mrs Roman went downstairs to her quarters and left the two girls alone.
‘What are you going to do once you come back from Brighton?’ Clare asked.
‘I'm moving into a boarding house in Guildford. Then I'm going to buy a flat there and find a job.’
‘And Tommy?’
‘We're just good friends. Peter only died yesterday.’
Evie tried not to think about Peter dying and instead opened her handbag and looked for a piece of paper and a pen. She couldn’t find anything, then spotted the telephone jotter on the hall table that Simms used for writing messages on. She wrote down Mrs Temperley's address and passed it to Clare.
‘Write to me from America,’ she said. ‘I want to hear all about your wedding.’
‘I will darling,’ Clare said, kissing her upon the cheek. ‘I'm not upset he's dead you know?’
‘Tony?’
She nodded.
‘He was a brute and hurt me in every way possible since I was a child. He did things I'll never be able to tell anyone - not even Abe. For the first time in my life I feel free.’
‘So you won't be going to the funeral?’
‘No. My life is with Abe now.’
Evie heard the small drawing room door open and there was another voice.
‘Evelyn can you come in here please?’
It was Lord Ashleigh. Evie looked at Clare and kissed her once more.
‘Good luck with everything,’ she said.
‘And you.’
She left Clare and went to her grandfather, who stood with his hands behind his back, his face expressionless. She followed him into the small drawing room and saw they were alone, although the smell of Lady Ashleigh's perfume hung in the air, reminding Evie of her heartlessness.
Lord Ashleigh sat on a sofa and patted the seat beside him, indicating that Evie should join him. She did so and without him saying anything, she could tell that he wasn't as angry with her any more. Although he was unsmiling, there was a hint of sympathy in his eyes.
‘Where are you going to go?’ he asked. 
‘I've found a very nice boarding house in Guildford. Mrs Temperley's.’
‘And will you be living there from today?’
‘Yes, although I am having a holiday for a week.’
‘You do understand why we've had to do this don't you?’
‘Not really. I thought you’d be pleased to be reunited with your grand-daughter. Especially after William dying.’
‘If we were an ordinary family, we would be. But it's not that way for us. We have to think of our name and our reputation. Poor William was a troubled boy as it was, and if it was ever disclosed he'd had a child with a maid, well his memory would be tarnished forever. But, I confess, and I wouldn't even say this to my wife, it is nice to see his daughter is pretty and bright and healthy and kind, and Peter was very fond of you. I wanted him to marry Rebecca and I'm sure, had he lived, he would have done. But he wouldn't have a word said against you.’
‘That's good to know,’ she replied. ‘I never want you to think I was purely using Peter to come here. I cared about him too and his death has effected me deeply.’
‘He will be missed. And of course, Serena will marry and the house will go to another family. It's the end of an era. But that's the case for so many of our kind. Serena and her husband probably won't want to live here, and one day this place will be turned into a hotel or a golf club, or whatever, and our family will long-since be forgotten. So even if we did take you in, there's nothing for you to inherit. Take your money and make a life for yourself. What do you plan to do?’
‘I'm going to buy a flat in Guildford and find a job, probably as a secretary.’
‘Sounds sensible,’ he smiled. ‘Will you leave us your address so we can contact you about exchanging money and contracts and the like?’
‘Of course.’
The old man gave a sad smile, and in an unexpected move, reached out and squeezed Evie's hand.
‘And if I'm ever in Guildford, perhaps we could have a cup of tea or something.’
‘I'd like that,’ Evie gasped, tears filling her eyes. This act of kindness meant more to her than money or anything. All she wanted was her grandfather to take an interest in her.
‘You do so look so much like him. If I'm honest with myself, I thought it the moment I saw you.’ He looked down. ‘William was my pride and joy. I miss him terribly.’
‘I'm sure he's happy, wherever he is,’ Evie said softly. ‘And you must always remember that he died a hero.’
‘Yes, yes, I must.’ He sat up, gathering himself, and let go of Evie's hand. ‘I must let you be on your way,’ he smiled. ‘Where are you holidaying?’
‘Brighton.’
‘Well, have a lovely time, and when you come back, your money will be ready for you.’
He stood up and Evie followed. The old man dug into his trouser pockets and pulled out a pound note, passing it to Evie.’
‘Treat yourself to something,’ he said.
‘I couldn't, possibly.’
‘I owe you Evie,’ he said. ‘I owe you in so many ways.’
Evie took the money, shook her grandfather's hand and left. She started to cry as she went upstairs to her room to pack her things; and by the time she came back downstairs, the house was quiet and empty - filled with nothing more than the ghosts of all the people who had gone before. Evie left and walked out into the grounds towards Tommy's car. He got out and came over to her, taking hold of her case.
‘Oh Evie,’ he said. ‘Were they horrible to you?’
She shook her head.
‘I think if it wasn't for Lady Ashleigh...my grandmother, I would be more welcome. My grandfather was so nice to me.’
Tommy put his arm around her shoulder and kissed the top of her head.
‘It's no more than you deserve,’ he said. ‘Now come on, we're going up to London to get your stuff, then you can start the rest of your life.’
Chapter Fifteen
One Week Later

Evie wished the journey from Brighton to Guildford, wasn't so quick because she wanted to hold onto the holiday spirit for as long as she possibly could. Her week in Brighton with Tommy had changed everything. They'd stayed in a large B&B on Hope Street, with a landlady who didn't actually live there, but came in once a day to service the rooms. She wasn't there to get angry and throw them out when, on their second night, they got tipsy in one of the many bars on St James Street, and stumbled in, falling into Tommy's bed. Their drunken fumbling had turned into tender love-making; and by morning, Evie realised that she wanted to be with him forever. Her time at Barnham House had made her realise that the high-life wasn't for her. Those people were alien. Her happiest times had been as a child, back in Morrisson Street, with her mum and her working-class neighbours, and avoiding having things catapulted at her by Tommy! Evie's problem was that she'd spent her life thinking she deserved the finer things. That she was somehow better than everyone else, when in reality, everything she needed was right in front of her.
Tommy pulled up outside Mrs Temperley's house and took Evie's hand.
‘I couldn't come in for a cuppa could I?’ he asked.
‘I think we could manage that,’ she smiled. ‘Come on in.’
They went up to the house, Tommy carrying Evie's case and Evie letting them in. She jumped out of her skin when she stepped into the doorway and Mrs Templerley appeared - a grave look on her face.
‘Oh hello Evie,’ she said. ‘Did you have a nice time?’
‘Yes thank you Mrs Temperley.’
‘There's a visitor for you. Tommy would you take Evie's case up for her?’
‘Yeah, course,’ he said, not masking the curiosity in his voice. Evie went into the small parlour at the front of the house and gasped in shock to find Imelda sitting on the settee with Winston, the fat ginger cat on her lap, while he purred and nuzzled his head under her chin as she stroked him.
‘Imelda!’ Evie gasped. ‘Hello.’
‘Hello Evie,’ she smiled. ‘You look tanned. Did you have a nice holiday?’
‘I did, thank you.’ It was only then that she noticed Imelda was all in black. Claudia's funeral had been the week before. ‘Was it Peter's funeral today?’ she asked.
‘It was, yes.’
Imelda lifted Winston off her lap and handed him to Mrs Temperley. Evie sat down next to her aunt and asked her if she wanted a cup of tea.
‘I'm okay thank you. Burying my daughter last week and my nephew this week has made me rather reflective; and even though I know you're going to do splendidly and make a wonderful life for yourself, there's something you need to know.’
‘What's that?’
‘I would rather show you. Have you an hour or two to spare?’
‘Yes of course.’
The door opened and Tommy came in, and suddenly the little parlour felt very full and cramped.
‘What's going on?’ he asked. When he saw Imelda, his face dropped. ‘Hello Mrs Bailey.’
‘Hello Inspector Mulligan,’ she gasped. She looked at Evie. ‘I didn't know you knew each other.’
‘We grew up together,’ Evie said. ‘It came as quite a shock when Tommy came to investigate Claudia's murder. He's helping me settle into Guildford.’
‘That's very kind of him.’ She looked up at Tommy and smiled. ‘Would you mind coming with us?’ she asked. ‘Evie might need a chum in the circumstances.’
Evie wondered what the hell Imelda was talking about. But the more she went to ask her about it, the more she rebuffed her, insisting she had to come and see for herself. They left the house and got into Imelda's car. Evie ran through a thousand scenarios in her mind - had Lord Ashleigh changed his mind and decided to welcome her into the family? Were they going to collect her money? Had he changed his mind about the money? 
Evie sat in the front, and Tommy in the back, and she wondered where they were going as they drove out of Guildford and into the countryside. Evie started to panic slightly. Wondering if all the loss had sent Imelda somehow insane and she was taking them somewhere to murder them! No one could blame her for becoming a bit crazy after losing her daughter, then her nephew in such a short space of time, in such horrific circumstances.
‘I think we should go back now Imelda,’ Evie said nervously. ‘Everyone will be wondering where you are.’
Imelda didn't reply and just at that moment, a huge mansion came into view. It was a beautiful Georgian building with many leaded windows, an ornate roof and finely maintained gardens. Evie wondered if this was some other family home and it was being given to her as a gift.
‘Why have you brought Evie here?’ Tommy asked, and Evie could hear the edge to his voice. He wasn't impressed with what he saw and it sounded as though he was familiar with it.
‘Where is it?’ she uttered.
‘Chantry Lodge,’ he replied. ‘The local nut-house.’
‘Home for those less fortunate than ourselves,’ Imelda said. ‘I think that sounds nicer.’
‘Why are you bringing me here?’ Evie panicked. ‘I'm not mad. Let me out of the car Imelda.’
Imelda stopped the car next to a large white ambulance and got out. Evie refused to budge, and looked round at Tommy, who looked equally puzzled.
‘Don't get out,’ she said. ‘I think she's going to try and get me locked up.’
‘You can't just lock someone up without a doctor's referral. Come on, let's see what's going on.’
With shaking legs, Evie got out of the car and noticed Imelda was chatting to a young nurse, their body language relaxed as though they were familiar with each other. Tommy headed in their direction and Evie followed - still convinced something untoward was going on. She caught the words 'How is he?' and the nurse replied that he was on new tablets and they were making him drowsy and this just puzzled her further.
Imelda looked at Evie and smiled.
‘Come on, follow me,’ was all she said. 
Evie had never stepped into a lunatic asylum before and didn't know what to expect. She envisaged the things she'd seen in films - mad men roaming the building, ready to attack at any moment; people chained up and screaming. But there was nothing like this. It just resembled a normal hospital, with shiny floors and that ever-present smell of disinfectant. Imelda turned and went up a flight of stairs, and Evie followed. Tommy was behind and she felt him reach out and grasp her hand. They got to the top and went along another corridor. This one was occupied. A scruffy, fat woman in shabby clothes was sitting on a bench and was being spoken to by a nurse. As Evie passed her, she said hello in a pathetic, child-like voice and Evie just smiled and walked on.
Imelda entered the double doors at the end of the corridor, and they stepped into a large hospital ward. There were fewer beds and most people had wooden cupboards separating their bed from their neighbour's. There were vases of flowers on various surfaces and someone had a wireless playing. The men who were sitting on the beds, smoking or playing cards, were a little uncouth, but they certainly didn't look insane. Imelda by-passed them and headed for a man who was sitting on the large window-sill, staring out. He was smartly dressed in a pair of khaki cords and an expensive-looking bottle green jumper. He had a head of greying, neatly cut hair and Evie wondered if he was one of the doctors taking a break.
He turned his head and on spotting Imelda, the most dazzling, beautiful smile broke out over his chiselled, handsome face.
‘Smelly!’ he gasped, getting off from the window sill and coming over to her. His hug was rather forceful and impolite, but Evie would see it was genuine and heartfelt. And he was obviously very fond of Imelda.
She eased him away and held him at length, like an adult addressing a six foot tall child.
‘Now do you remember I told you I would bring her to see you?’ she asked. ‘I made a promise to you William. Do you remember?’
Evie felt her legs give way and the room swim around her. It was only that Tommy caught her, otherwise she would have fallen to the floor.
‘Evie?’ William said, squinting at her. ‘My Evie?’
Evie couldn't take any more, and with a sob, she barged past Tommy and out of the ward, running down the stairs and through the corridors until she got outside. She couldn't breathe, she could barely focus. Never in her wildest dreams did she imagine her father was still alive. She'd seen his grave! Who was in that grave? Why did they say he was dead?
She suddenly felt a pair of hands clasp her shoulders - Tommy. She turned to him and sobbed into his chest, holding on tightly to him.
‘It’s not him!’ she cried. ‘Why is she saying it is him?’
‘I don’t know sweetheart,’ Tommy said, kissing the top of her head. ‘But she must have her reasons.’
‘I’m sorry to do that to you Evie,’ Imelda said, and Evie pulled away from Tommy and found her standing in the doorway, lighting a cigarette. ‘But I wanted you to see what my….our family are capable of.’
‘Is it really him?’ Tommy asked.
She nodded.
‘Why?’ Evie uttered. ‘Why is he in there?’
Imelda walked towards them, drawing hard on her cigarette and looking out towards the gates of this beautiful, but tragic building.
‘William has been in and out of hospitals like this since he was a young boy,’ she said. ‘The first time would have been around the time you were born Evie. I don’t remember it as I was a little girl. But apparently he attacked a master at his school with a cricket bat, then climbed onto the roof and threatened to jump. William maintains to this day that the master had molested him, and he was only getting revenge. They sent him to America to work with our Uncle Sven, but William attacked another man who he claimed was this master, but he wasn’t - he was an Italian shoemaker who didn’t speak a word of English. They went to put William in prison but he was showing signs of insanity, so he was put into an asylum. Eventually my parents persuaded them to let him go and he came home to England. He had a couple of breakdowns and came to stay here, but they always let him home, because most of the time he seems quite normal. Then at the beginning of the war he was in London and attacked a man in an air raid shelter. He threw the man onto a railway line and could have killed him. So he was admitted in here indefinitely. My parents were faced with a dilemma. He was their only son and the heir to the estate. So they concocted a story that he’d joined the RAF and was shot down on his first mission. They held a funeral for him, but none of us attended. Mother claimed she was too upset and just wanted to get it over with.’
‘So who’s in that grave back at the church?’ Evie asked.
‘It’s a coffin filled with stones. Poor William will never be released now. The doctors reckon that he’s suffering from paranoid schizophrenia.’
‘He’s got a split personality?’ Tommy said.
‘He hears voices telling him to do things. Dangerous things. He’ll never recover poor love. It was easier to pretend he was dead and let Peter take over.’ She looked back in the direction of the hospital. ‘He isn’t even registered as William Ashleigh. He’s in here as William Smith.’
‘How did you find out he was in here?’ Evie asked.
‘I came to stay at Paradise just after the war, and one day I had a terrible row with my parents because they wouldn’t lend me any money. I went into father’s study and searched around for some cash and found the invoices for this place, listing a fee for the care of a William Smith. I asked my father what it was and he told me the truth, but he swore me to secrecy.’ She looked at Evie and smiled. ‘Like you, I was paid off. My silence was worth my flat in Bayswater and generous monthly allowance. Only me and my parents know about William. No one else.’
‘Do they come to visit him?’ Evie hated the thought of him being stuck here alone.
‘No. I think Father would, given a chance, but I’m sure Mama has convinced herself that her son really is dead. I visit him once or twice a month. He’s happy here. He has friends, and compared to some asylums, they treat the patients very well.’
‘I don’t know what to say,’ Evie uttered. ‘I spent the first fifteen years of my life thinking my father was a man called Walter Wallis who died before I was born. Then I found out who my real father is and I’ve spent the fifteen years since thinking he was a war hero. When in reality he’s a lunatic.’
‘When I saw what a kind, sweet girl you were, something told me you wouldn’t turn your back on him and you’d come to see him. But I knew if I sat you down and told you your father was alive, you wouldn’t believe me. So I wanted you to see for yourself.’
‘Can I see him now?’ Evie asked.
‘Of course you can,’ Imelda smiled. ‘Come on up.’
Imelda threw her cigarette on the ground and walked into the hospital. Evie followed and Tommy joined her, taking her hand. She couldn’t help but think of the irony. How the first time they became close, they’d been going to a hospital to see one of her parents. That time, her mum was dying and it sparked the beginning of all that had happened since. This time they were going to see a parent who was alive and well, and Evie didn’t care if he was a lunatic. He was her father, and that was something she’d never had before.
William was sitting on the end of his bed, rocking slightly, an anxious look on his face. When he saw his sister coming towards him, he smiled, and when he looked past her and saw Evie, he stood up.
‘Evie!’ he gasped. ‘Come here.’
She walked up to him, and as she came close and looked up into his face, she saw her own. They looked so alike, there could be no doubting that he was her father. It was a shame, he was a handsome man and in a different life, he would have been a fine heir to the estate. Instead he was going to finish his days here, surrounded by lunatics.
‘I’m sorry I ran out,’ she said. ‘I was just a bit shocked.’
‘Did they tell you I was dead?’ he asked, and Evie looked to Imelda for guidance. Not quite sure how much he knew.
‘William knows everything,’ she said.
‘Yes, they told me you were dead,’ she replied.
He sat on the bed and patted the side, indicating for Evie to sit down, which she did. He looked at Tommy and furrowed his brow.
‘Is this your husband?’ he asked.
‘Boyfriend,’ she replied. ‘This is Tommy.’
‘Pleased to meet you William,’ Tommy said politely. 
‘How’s your mum?’ William asked Evie. ‘Will she be coming too?’
‘Don’t you remember what I told you?’ Imelda said, stroking his floppy ash blond hair. ‘Daisy’s dead.’
‘Oh yes,’ he answered, looking down. ‘My lovely Daisy. I never loved anyone ever again. Not like I loved her.’
He looked at Evie and smiled.
‘I wrote to Daisy, you know. Up until I left America, we wrote every week. You must have been about four when we stopped. I came back here and they were watching me, so I had to stop. Did you see the letters?’
‘No. I think they must have got destroyed when our house was bombed.’
‘You’re so beautiful,’ he suddenly said. ‘When I last saw you, you were a tiny baby.’
Evie couldn’t reply to him. She was too overcome with emotion to form words and speak them. William may have been classed insane and too dangerous to be out in public; but he was the only father she was ever going to know; and as much as one could love a stranger, she felt a strong bond with him  that she couldn’t explain. She suddenly realised that having him in her life was worth more than living in Barnham House, or one day being ‘crowned’ Lady Ashleigh. A loving family was the only Paradise she needed.
‘I think we should go and get a cup of tea,’ Imelda said to Tommy. ‘These two have a lot to catch up on.’
‘You’re right there,’ Tommy said, and he leaned forward and kissed Evie on the cheek. ‘I’ll be back in a while,’ he whispered. ‘You look so happy darling.’
They walked off and for the first time in her life, Evie was alone with her father.
‘Do you live in London Evie?’ William asked.
‘I used to,’ she replied. ‘But I’m going to move to Surrey. Everything I want is here, and after so many years of looking, I know I’ve finally got a home.’

The End
Afterword

Thanks as always to Maureen Mason for her editorial advice. Thank you also to my growing band of readers, your support is much appreciated. On behalf of all us independent authors, I would like to ask that if you enjoy this, and other books, please leave a review on the website you downloaded it from. Authors love feedback and can only develop and grow from hearing what we do best..and worst. 


About the author

Karen Mason was born in London in 1971 and has written since childhood. Her influences are Jacqueline Susann, Shirley Conran, Lesley Pearse, Sarah Walters and Charlotte Bronte!! Her first novel, Summerset was published in 2008 and she has gone on to publish several novels and novellas – Mad About the Boy, Two Become One, Winner Takes it All, Mrs Osbourne Regrets, The True Tale of Jezebel Cole, Only You, The Line of Passion Trilogy, Never Forget and Scorpio Rising. Spring 2013 will see the release of an as yet unnamed Victorian novel and Rent, the second in the Phillipa Hardcastle Mysteries series.

www.authorkarenmason.wordpress.com
