Athaliah, daughter of Jezebel
novel by
Mordechai Landsberg



Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2012 Mordechai Landsberg
All Rights Reserved.
PART  ONE 

CHAPTER 1


Ahab, the greatest king of northern ten tribes of Israel, was seated in his chariot, leading  a small royal caravan of four vehicles and ten horseriders. The galloping horses caused  the chariots to dangle on the mountenous Royal Way, leading from Samaria toward Jerusalem. It was a colorful spring in the country. The fields blossomed by dotted red anemones and poppys and stains of yellow grounsel flowers. In each chariot there was at least one armed guard, and the escorting horseriders had swords in their scabbards, as well as bows and arrows loaded on their horsebacks. Though it was a peaceful time, the king was suspicious and cautious along the way.
The eyes of his daughter, Athaliah, a daring seventeen teenager, were searching for some action. She hoped that first time in her life she would see sideways’ robbers, that she had heard about. But those villains had seemingly disappeared. Her mother Jezebel, sitting beside her in the carriage, argued  that they all were having now better businesses. 
“Your father Ahab had enriched the people,” she told her, “So all the past outlaws have found less dangerous jobs. Attacking armed guards of honorable traders – may have brought their death …” 
Athaliah was dressed in a white wedding dress. A garland of white narcissus scented the air and ornamented her black smooth long hair. She was sitting with her mother in the rear seat of the second chariot - drawn by two brown Egyptian born horses. She was now maditating how her new life in Jerusalem would look like. She was going to be married to the crown prince of Judea, Jehoram, who was about twenty at that time. ‘How could I have a feeling of love for him?’ she asked herself,  ‘having seen him only once... Nor did I have a sense of enjoyment to imagine the soon coming rich wedding ceremony. I just feel that my duty is to marry prince Jehoram, the future king of Jerusalem. Well, Mom tells me I am lucky...’ 
Her father Ahab had planned all that. He had called her to his room, and ordered her to accept the marriage. It had happened about half a year before. Of course, her mother Jezebel was present in that meeting. She had her own experience in such deals. Her father, Phoenician king Eth-Baal of Tsydon, had brought a similar message to her years before. She became to love her husband, and had never complained of that deal. 
King Ahab would use the opportunity of attending the wedding in Jerusalem – for political talks with king Jehoshafat, the bridegroom’s father. They had agreed to sign a contract about ‘strengthening Alliance by a wedding deal.’ It was quite a common phenomenon in the ancient royal world of the middle east at that time:
Judea had existed like a hidden territory in the southern part of Israel. Ahab had one clear purpose in bringing his only daughter there: That King David’s offspring would be under his control, as a ruler of Norhtern Israel bigger kingdom. The Judean little king and his dynasty should not dream about bringing back king David’s era - of Grand Israel. They should not try to conquer any of Ahab’s northern Israeli territories, and by that extend Judea’s kingdom. Both kings will vow in that marriage deal – not to collborate with the Egyptians nor the Adomites nor the Arameans against each other. They should come to each other’s help when one is  endangered by vicious enemies... 
Athaliah’s future husband was called Jehoram. That name was quite similar to her youngr brother’s name: Joram. Both names had the Hebrew meaning of: God is the super power, highest over all, the sublime… (But God hurt both at the end, as their ‘belief in Him had not been full hearted’ - according to the Bible). 

Jehoram was in bed with Athaliah - late at night after the wedding ceremony, which was led by God’s priests. Jehoram soon discerned that she had not been a virgin. He was an experienced male, and restrained his fury. He tried to seem like talking nonchallantly, in a mature manner: 
“I really don’t mind who had been your first lover,” he said, but then added rudely: “or your monkey face fucker. I only hope you’ve not told somebody about that. If people know that I’ve married an experienced lady - it would smirch mud on my name and fame. It would bring a shame on my dignified family! So, I’ll stab you - if a tail of the tale leaks to the public. Understand?  My dignity is the core of my life!” 
“You are mistaken - being so angry,” Athaliah answered meekly, “My dear husband, You are right to think I’ve conducted a mischief to you…But - my mother Jezebel should be blamed. She has caused that …”
“What? What d’you mean by these words: she has caused?” roared the future king of Judea.
“When I was twelve,” ‘confessed’ Athaliah, “My Mom hit me in my hidden crack… By…by a bare branch. It’s a well known habit in our family. Its purpose  - to prevent a shame from those girls who get willingly lied in teenage.”
“It’s a transparent bluff, you sinful girl!” shouted the crown prince. 
“Believe me, I have not lied with any male before you, My king. I swear it.... In the name of God and Baal together.” 
A variety of gods was the common belief of the high society in Ahab’s days. Later on it was called ‘syncretistic type of worshipping supernatural powers.’. Athaliah inherited that infusion of religion and belief systems from her powerful parents: The ancient God of Israel, and the overwhelmingly strong Knaanite Baal, god of Nature – were both worthy to be worshipped… 
“I’ll investigate the matter with your Mom,” said crown prince Jehoram to Athaliah... He had not believed his new wife’s queer tale, and immediately sent to call a virgin girl from his ‘maids’ collection’- to their room. He lied with his new mistress in Athaliah’s presence. She turned her face from the couple, hiding a cynical smile.
“All my friends and acqaintances,” Jehoram then told Athaliah, who pretended shyness, “all must see tomorrow morning, that our white cotton sheet had been bloodstained. We hang it on the balcony, outside.” 
Next morning Jehoram really investigated the matter with Athaliah’s mother, Jezebel. She had been still in the Judean palace, after the wedding celebration. Jezebel had known the truth, of course, about her naughty, free sexed daughter. But she confirmed - as agreed upon by two long before, that Athaliah’s tale had been true. She added her vow regarding that, by raising her right hand and saying: “Baal will cut it, if I lie to you, dear step-son.” 
The crown prince of Judea had been sure, that both Athaliah and Jezebel had conspired her purity.‘However, nobility commits me to pretend, that I believe them,’ he said to himself irritatingly.   
Jehoram soon seemed to forget the adolescence sins of Athaliah. He just wanted a male heir from her, as his father had promised his neighboring vigorous king Ahab. At first he was disappointed, when Athaliah had born a daughter. She was called Yehosheva (in Hebrew: God’s oath) - or Josabeth. But Athaliah’s  second born, a year after, happened to be a son. He would become one day the prince crown, as both royal families had fervently wished that.
 Jehoram agreed to Athaliah’s proposal to call this second baby: Ahaziah,  which meant: God’s gift or help…
Soon after his son was born - Jehoram began to gather women to his bed, as a pigeons’ raiser would gather eggs from a nest. (There were not yet hens in the country at that time, according to archeologists, so we have to use piegeons as a symbol). He had taken five permanent mistresses-concubines to his princely palace. When he was crowned ten years later, he had taken also three new official wives into his bed. It was according to the well known tradition of the Judean kings - since Victorious  King David and Wise King Solomon. 
So it came about, that in her private marriage life Athaliah felt quite miserable and deserted. She had devoted her time to deal with her children., though she had gotten good maides who took care of them. The crown king was nominated by his ailing father – king Jehoshafat- as deputy commander of the army. So, his new military jobs had left him less time than before for his women and family. 
Really, Jehoram should be praised,  that despite his busy royal daily matters, he had found some time for Athaliah and her two little children. He used to come and see them one full night in a week. That was according to an ancient tradition: The first wife should be respected and dignified more than the others, and her first born son gets the privilege of birth. Taking into account that the Alliance agreement with Northern Israel was still valid, it committed Jehoram  to raise his son Ahaziah as the successor –or ‘Crown-Prince’, when he himself would become king. 
The once-a-week meeting arrangement had not satisfied Athaliah. She had her own ideas about how should a ‘would-be-king’s senior-wife’ dignity look like. She had known what a different attitude her father Ahab had had to her mother.  Jezebel was a real Queen and collaborator in the rule of the Northern Israeli Kingdom. Athaliah wanted that the father of her children would dedicate more time to them, at least, if not to her. Only in that way, she had known, Jehoram would become to love them, if at all…She spoke with Jehoram about that, but in vain. So, already in early time of her marriage life - Athaliah refused lying any more with Jehoram, even when he had tried to break her obstinacy. But even she felt so insulted and sexually frustrated, she had refrained from a loud  protest against her husband’s rough behavior. She had known, that either in pretiness or in wisdom – she had been well above all his other women. But he had persisted in his quite scornful attitude to her. She suffered from that behavior, felt humiliated, and began to get drunk. But her children were demanding her presence, and she had then enough will of power to stop pouring all types of wines into her stomach.  
Athaliah was twenty three - when she heard that her father was killed in a battle against the Arameans. She had participated in the funeral - together with King Jehoshafat, her husband’s father. Jehoram himself remained in the small kingdom of Judea, in case that some unexpected events would rise…
Young Jerusalemite princess Athaliah  was received very warmly by the people of her native town, Samaria. Most of them had not met her since her wedding. Jeaebel, her broken heart mother– requested her to stay a month with her, more than she had planned. Athaliah was really glad in trying to help her mother in her deep bereavemnet, and also renew acquaintances from her happy past. She sent a message to Judean King’s palace, that she must extend her stay in Samaria. So, despite the morbid atmosphere in Ahab’s palace - it was good for Athaliah’s spirit to revive her past views, noises and colors.  
Athaliah’s both children became pupils at that time, and got teachers for writing, reading and arithmetics. On her way back home, Athaliah was thinking how in other circumstances she could have more spare time – for entertainment. Even gloomy bereaved Samaria had not caused her to forget how open and fresh and healthy her past had been there. Being so much sexually frustrated, she began to dream about  developing a love affair with a young man. ‘But not here, in Judea’ –she reflected. She was afraid to have a lover from her husband’s kingdom:  The tradition in Judea had  always been, that only males of the royal family had the right and actually allowed  to be profane.
For the time being Athaliah restrained herself. She refrained from being exposed to slander and gossip. However, she decided that once a year, preferably in springtime and summer beginning season, she should visit her family in Samaria. The vacation-like stay thre would take a month or two, and she would enjoy herself as much as possible. She expected that her sexual life would renewe in Goddess Ashera Days: The celebrations of these Idols worship- in spring and summer nights, were based on an ancient tradition: It had ecstasy dancing and music, that would bring people, quite strange to each other- to become close friends and lovers, and consume their desires together, in couples or groups. Athaliah remembered her sweet free teenage, celebrating with hundreds of other youths in the woods festivities. In one of these events - her first full intercourse had taken place. It was with a handsome fellow called Gera . She had known him before, as one of her mothers’ personal guards. His good manners, nice muscled shape and smart eyes - had enflamed her since the day she had become to know him. Their desires united under a cedar thick tree. They were standing naked, leaning on the wide trunk, and ‘mixing each other’s natural juices’, as Gera whispered to Athaliah. Both laughed while carressing each other with enormous tenderness. What a real joy it was. Her mother Jezebel had sent her there, to behave like the local common youths. Experience is a must, she said, for everyone, including the royal children…
‘A good dream is sometime better than a mere monotonous crossing of time through your life’-  such thought passed in Athaliah’s mind not only once, ‘But you should know to store your patience, till some unexpected good opportunity would be brought by the Idols.’ She really felt  responsibility for the continuation of the regime’s tight connections in the ‘two sisters kingdoms’. In that way of thinking  she has been educated since younghood.
 But now– her father was no longer living. She reflected that she should - at least partly-  release herself from the cables of a severe and indifferent husband, who dislikes her.   



CHAPTER 2


Ahab’s death was disastrous to the kingdom. Soon the Aramean enemies captured border areas in the north and east of Israel. They began to penetrate even to Sea of Galilee surroundings. But soon the situation seemed to be stabilized. Ahazia, Ahab’s son and Athaliah’s brother, (he had the same name as her son’s) had been crowned and became the successor. He was forced to pay high amounts of ransom pledged by the enemy Aram. By that - the bleeding country earned stillness, if not full peace for a few years.
In those days Athaliah  was like a blooming tulip- in her tall, dark haired, green-brown eyes, and pretty face, that was beaming cleverness and pride. She had a special voice, that indicated her womanish tenderness. There were rumors in Samaria, as well as in Jerusalem, that since her childhood she could compete with most brave and smart males - in sports, games of memory and knowledge in history, religion and witchcraft. She had made an outstanding impression on whoever had met her. The people who had known her were filled with adore,  mixed with a wonder and fear about the source of her mysterious power.  
Athaliah planned her next visit to Samaria (Shomron, in Hebrew)-  a year after her father’s death. She liked that capital of North Israel, which had been built by her grandpa Omri, and rennovated by her father Ahab. She wanted this time to bring her children with her, and her husband had not opposed that idea. However, her expected vacation was hindered by king Jehoshafat, her husband’s father. He was afraid from her decision to take the kids with her. 
“A first visit in their mother’s native land is blessed,” he said, “but not in the dense atmosphere still existing in Samaria. The cloud of dust of the enemy’s horseriders is hanging on Northern Israel.”
His order that she would stay at home, was also based on a message sent to him by a God’s priest (his name had not been mentioned in the Bible). He informed the king of Judea about the hard conflict that exists in the life of the couple Athaliah and Jehoram. King Jehoshafat took care to keeping the political alliance agreement between him and the late king Ahab. He had not imagined how dim and breakable is Northern Israel kingdom. He suspected now, that if Athaliah would intend to rescue herself from Judea’s grip and run away, that may entail an un-necessary  quarrel  between the two kingdoms. He ordered to his plicemen to look after Athaliah’s moves. Also the men on the ‘Royal way’ cheking points had been requested to lead her back to Jerusalem’s track, if she tries to break his order. 

But next summer – Athaliah’s husband Jehoram persuaded his father to allow his wife’s travel; though without her children. Athaliah decided to obey the elderly king, after a protrest. She went to meet him in his palace, but could not convince him to  permit also the children join her to Samaria. He showed her a worrisome letter, that he had just received from Jezebel, her influential mother. The old widow of Ahab had begged the king of Jerusalem to permit her daughter get out to Samaria, because: “Athaliah’s brother, Ahaziahu – Israel’s king- has become very sick in his stomach. Nobody knows what the coming days would bring…”
This time Athaliah took her personal girl servant with her. Jezebel met them while they arrived in the palace in an early evening hour. She told Athaliah that there was no change in her son’s health situation. However, in the following morning Jezebel sent her maid urgently to Athaliah. She was called  to arrive immediately at her mother’s apartment in the upper floor. 
“Has something happened to my brother, the King ?” asked Athaliah.
Jezebel’s maid shrugged her shoulders. She did not know anything, she said - and ran out.
Athaliah was wearing her blue velvet long dress very quickly. It exposed her nice legs while strolling around or climbing high stairs, and she liked that. She indicated her maidservant not to join her, closed her room’s door and went to a small corridor leading to the upper surface of the palace, over her room. She was bending her head while reaching a low corridor, and moved forward on to a hallway, then climbed a staircase. From it she turned left and heard a small waterfall that trinkled down on a marble wall. It was draining into a small pool framed with red flowering plants. Beneath the water were discerned some water-snakes. Athaliah was terrified for a second from that sight, but soon recovered and moved on. She had arrived to the square paved courtyard of the palace. Not so far, on its northern edge, she saw her mother in black. 
Jezebel was sitting on the stone pavement, her hands rising like bare branches of a cut out tree, shouting something. Athaliah’s elder brother, prince Joram, was standing at his mother’s side. Jezebel’s main personal guard  - and head of secret police, Gera – (to whom Athaliah had dedicatd her virginity years before), was staying there too. He was as handsome as he had been before, but Athaliah, who approached Jezebel, could not enjoy looking at his figure now. She had heard her mother’s terrible sob, and arrived to her place in a rush. She discerned a stain of blood not far from that place. Athaliah understood immediately, that a terrible event had happened. Her mother had been stricken again by bereavement. 
Jezebel was about forty five at that time. Her red  eyes  discerned  her daughter approach, and she soon was elbowed by her. Athaliah heard her brother, Joram, saying:
“Please, help me to raise Mom up. Let us take her inside”
Jezebel had a tall figure. She was slim, and her body was well shaped in the dark dress she was wearing. Her son and daughter stretched their hands to raise her, and she became standing erect on her place. Her wet eyes from sob were still straying while she was looking toward Athaliah - her beloved daughter. Then she glanced at the balcony over the yard, and pointed on it. Her body was quivering while she spoke: 
“From there - he had fallen…my elder son, your poor brother…” Her voice was broken. Joram caressed her hand, like intending to bring by that some warmth into to her freezing heart. 
“The servants had taken him into the Hall,” she exclaimed, “but I won’t be able to look again at him…You must do that, my children. Gaze at what had come out of your father’s heir. He has left us so quickly…My son was murdered, I’m sure! Prophet Elija himself had cursed him: ‘The bed on which you lie- you would not rise from it’- so the hateful prophet had declared .” 
They crossed the palace entry, and she mumbled: “Yes, Ahaziahu was assasinated, woe to us. Oh, I could not rescue him! I had not taken care enough of him...”
Athaliah had known that her Mom had been sometimes ‘theatrical’. This time, however, she thought that Jezebel had ben right to panic. ‘But no,’ she reflected, ‘the dead could not be brought back alive. So, we must ...consult what will happen now. First of all – manage the funeral.’ 
Her brother Joram tried to hold his spirit strong. 
“I’ve called the servants to wash his poor body…” he said, “Let them finish that.” 
“I will come as close as I can- to his bed,” said Jezebel suddenly, quite in contrary to her previous saying, that she would prevent looking again at the corpse, “I must swear there to him. Vow to revenge. In the names of Baal and Ashera, my Idols  of  paradize and hell.” 
The mourners’ small group walked slowly in the palace’s Hall. A canopy bed was set up in the its center, covered by grey sheepskins. Jezebel approached it, but turned her face aside. Athaliah thought about her Mom’s broken heart - while standing at her side. Then she removed a part of the canopy’s cover, and was looking at her dead, bloodshed brother. She covered again the canopy bed by the dark sheepskin.  
At that moment three servants, headed by a capped Flower Priest of God, had  arrived therby. They removed the canopy and  raised the corpe from the bed, one grabbing the cracked blooded head, stretching under it a piece of cloth. They laid it on a stoned table at the side, and  began to wash and purify the corpse. Jezebel and her grown ups walked to the other side of the hall. The dead king’s mother prevented gazing at their activity, but her son and daughter took a short glimpse of dread at the blooded brain liquid, oozing from the cracked skull…
“I can’t understand what had happened,” whispered Athaliah to her brother Joram, while Jezebel became seated on a stone chair, not far. Her eyes was turned to the direction of her son and daughter, but her look was enstranged.
“It was early in the morning,” Joram told Athaliah, “a fearful scream, followed by a tremendous crack had been heard. I rushed outside, to the courtyard. My eyes had seen the horrible sight.”
He burst in a short whimper and went to the window. From there he gazed at two slaves who had arrived in the courtyard. They poured water on its bloodstained pavement. Then they washed it over, using wet rags. They squeezed the dirty liquid into a ceramic jar.
“My son, King Ahaziahu, was loved by all,” burst Jezebel in a sudden fury, and  rose on her feet, “except by the Prophets! The prophets had poisoned him.”
Joram turnded to her, and she saw his dread. 
“Are you sure about that ,Mom?” he asked. His face became severe, while he tried to restrain a nervy tremble in his chin.  
“I had known it - since the day he fell sick,” she said, “But I had not told anybody. His health seemed to improve recently, so we all had hoped. Therefore…”
“Therefore the fanatic God Believers…” Atahaliah interrupted her, “had found another way to kill him? I see. Mother is absolutely right,” she turned to Joram, “The prophets of God are guilty. They rejoiced, while they heard about our father’s killing in the battle.”
“Their God has had always hated us,” said Jezebel, “and now they have succeeded …Their abominable hand had pushed my son down to his death,” Jezebel  stretched her right hand, like in a vow while preaching to a crowd, “Cut their murderous heads, Oh Baal!.”
“Oh, Baal, Oh Ashera!” Athaliah and her mother Jezebel mumured together.
“I can’t …agree to your suspicions, mother” said Joram, trying to be heard reasonable,  “the palace has been surrounded by our guards. All were selected by you, by your secret police…Maybe our minds - have gone to far, got astrayed by the shock. Nobody has discerned any intruder penetrating into the palace or into my brother’s room. It’s hard to believe that there was somebody waiting...in the balcony…”
“I’ll soon know, for sure,” said Jezebel hysterically, “I’ll catch the assassin. I’ll strangle that prophets in my own hands! My son was always healthy, and they caused his malady. Then – they brought his death! Probably by one of the guards.” 
“But couldn’t it be possible,” asked Joram, “that my dear brother himself…wished  to put an end to his suffer?… Such stomach pains, that had terrified him. He may …have crushed himself down…from over the balcony.”
“Shame on you - to say that!” screamed Jezebel, “He was always so vivid, so ready to enjoy life, so devoted to Baal Idol. The Prophets of God had understood, that he would follow his father’s way: That he won’t allow only Israel’s God worship in this kingdom!”
“Mom, enough with accuses.  I should be crowned next week,” said Joram in fear, “I request you- do not smirch the prophets and their youths. They might bring additional disasters, if we face them directly and forcefully…”
“Beware that I would not suspect you in the disaster... Though I know that you’ve loved Ahaziahu, and worshipped him…” 
Joram held his head in frustration and looked at Athaliah. Jezebel cried hysterically again: ”Murderers, Murderers all around!”
All of a sudden  she became relented, and apologized to Joram, her only son now. 
“We should fasten the royal guard to defend you,” told him Jezebel. “Excuse me for my condemnations. I’ve become maddened – out of this event. I feel crazy from rage and nervousness.”
She broke again into a weep, but soon recovered. She seemed intending to apologize to her two remaining grown ups, by saying: 
“Your late father had nominated me for the job of protecting the king’s life. I haveo selected his own security headguards. I have failed in that. Israel’s God had made  me  delude  myself,  that  everything  was well done. Now  I  will lead  the investigation of this cruel murder. My Torture Cellar will not become quiet even on Sabbath, I swear!”
 “Well, mother,” said Joram and held Jezebel by the sleeve, Within an  hour - many people will arrive to the funeral…”
“Please, Mom,” told her Athaliah, “don’t talk about your suspicions to anybody. We should calculate our further steps very cautiously.”  
Two hundred of Israel’s nobleman and Ahab’s close family relatives were gathering on the palace courtyard.  The stain blood on it had already been sweeped by the slaves, and the place was dry. The crowd was waiting in silence for the arrival of the Priest of God, Azaryah. The Baal priest of Samaria, - ShmarBaal - had been there already, chatting by whisper with Ahab’s elder brother,  who was  known  to  Jezebel  as  a mild and sick man. She had know that the man would refuse to be a king, even proposed.  Other  two  brothers  of  Ahab had been known for their foolishness, and no one suspected they had a hand in the enigmatic death of the late king.  ...Rumors cut the air as by a sharp knife. The prophets and the Arameans were the  main suspects. However, some condemned Joram, in a mouth to ear talk. ‘He is the younger brother of the king,’ so rumors said, ‘and very ambitious. Such assassinations within the royal family - could happen even in the most respectable families. We know it had happened to the Phoenicians and Greeks and Arameans. So why not in this case?’... However, no one had dared to speak loudly about it - at this sad meeting. Some women slandered about young Ahaziahu, telling each other what their husbands had gossiped about the rulers death: That he had been a real coward. This- and nothing elase-  was fundamental reason for any murderer. Many people were thinking that the new king Joram will unite the people under the name of God, and dismiss all Baal wordhippers from the troops. By that he will strengthen the army. Then he will become powerful enough- to revenge Aram for all its attacks on Israel in the past. Clear cut, very simple. ‘At last he will have to kill his sinful mother too’- mocked a ‘know-all’ womanish source. ‘Well, let him do it,’ nodded another… 
God’s priest Azaryah was late, because he had to arrive from far away Beth-El. Main God’s Temple, which wa called the Calf Temple-  had been built there about a hundred years before, to compete with God’s Temple, built by king Solomon in Jerusalem.  
When God’s Priest arrived at last, Joram scolded him, and asked why he could not change his old limping horse. 
“Beth El priests of God,” murmured the old the High Priest, “haven’t got enough charity money recently.” He wanted to let the supposedly new king Joram know about his problem. But Joram did not stay with him any more. He ordered the coffin carriers to start the funeral’s procession. 
Priest Azariah was walking ahead of it - followed by six flower priests, who carried the gasket. They were followed by Baal’s chief priest and his flower priests. It was a sad, gloomy event. The professional women mourners were crying: ‘Oh sir, Oh lovely king  – woe to your glory,’ and so on. Some men were organized as a choir and singing a Psalm chapter:  ‘The Heavens are telling the glory of God, and His Blue Expanse is declaring the work of His hands.”
After the funeral and burial ceremony had ended, only the royal family members went back to the palace. According to the tradition they would eat in the hall ‘the Israeli healthy feast’. Both religions had required that, so the palace servants had already carried the ‘hard to digest food’ for such a mourning event: The notion that life has been changed to be almost un-bearable, without the deceased person, would be symbolized by eating foods hard for the viscera. Therefore beans and peas, as well as live dry weat grains(that horses are regularly used to eat) - all were served half boiled, so that the hardness of food would be felt. The most close relatives males of the dead king-  had also to put grit and hard barley itching grains  under their feet, inside their shoes or sandals. It was a sign for the mourner. He should physically suffer from the sensation of bereavement.  
On the following day the small bereaved family members were sitting again on the hard floor. They were waiting for condolers from remote parts of the country, also from Judea. Chief of Secret Police ,Gera, had suddenly appeared in the Hall. He interrupted the polite and painful conversations with the new visitors. He whispered to Jezebel, that some arrests had already been made. Prophets Elija and Elisha, however, had succeeded to hide. 
Shortly afterward the visitors had left. Joram went out with the secret police head, and Jezebel and her daughter remained alone in the hall. Jezebel had thought that now was the right moment for her to foretell a gloomy future to her beloved daughter.
“I feel it in my heart,” she told Athaliah, “and you should know: This is not the end of our struggle. I doubt it, if the  Gods will let Joram rest with a victory garland on his head.”
“You mean, that a tragedy we have just seen – may be repeated?” asked Athaliah in dread.
“Joram is the last male in our small family. I fear he is in a great danger,” Jezebel uttered her solemn words in a hoarse voice, like her throat was choked,  “and if the worst happens, I see you, my dear daughter…You should not let the crown fall from the dignified family of your father and forefathers. I am a daughter of the king of Tsydon. I’m proud of it. So, you bear on your both shoulders two heavy yokes. Remember all your life this sad meeting with me. Draw this picture clear in your mind. From time to time recollect  the gloomy vision that I have provoked in you. Be fit for your fate!”
“Oh, Mother, I’m in such a dread from your ideas. I know well that they may realize, but hopefully all will become better than you think. I promise you to keep within me all your words, good or not so good…whatever happens.”
“I believe in fate,” said Jezebel, “ Look to the stars from time to time, Athaliah. They can tell and foretell things - not seen in first view. Regular human eyes, of flesh and blood, are always mistaken.”
“I shall remember!” said Athaliah. Both fell to ebbrace one another’s and sobbed… 
Joram returned, as they had just wiped their wet eyes and cheeks. He told the women that no evidence was found to validate his mother’s suspects. 



CHAPTER 3


Seven years after her marriage, Athaliah planned to take her next travel to Samaria.  She had been longing impatiently to meet again her brother and mother. Her kids would remain with two caretakers, and with their woman teacher, who was a tough God Believer. She had been chosen by the grandfather- king Jehoshafat - for that job. Athaliah could do nothing against that. She would herself tell the kids, that The God of Judea was inmportant. But in Samaria, where she had been raised, there was another God, named Baal. He had a wife, Ashera. So, the kids may be bewildered, yes. But this world, they should know- is quite an embarrasing riddle. There are no precise answers to numerous questions about men, nature, earth and sky… She had not yet preached to them in that style exactly. She postponed that to a later date. 
For the time being she told her children about her voyage. In that opportunity she  tried to know how much they had advanced in their learning and understanding of quite simple things they may see or hear about. She thought it would be important for them ‘not to be too influenced by their main source of knowledge,’ She used to mock frequently about their ‘narrow minded’ woman teacher, so she had said.
First Ataliah inquired her little kids, if they knew that she had gotten a family ‘far away’. She wanted to know what it had meant for them, as her children.
“D’you know, Ahazia?” she said to her son, “that I’m going to travel to Israel, to a town named Samaria? I have there a brother, who is the king.”
“My gran’pa is also a king.’ Smiled the boy, ‘So, two men with crowns?”  Athaliah nodded, and explained that those kings were ruling two different places.
“D’you know what would a king do?” she asked her son.
“Yes. Wear a fine golden crown, and speak to many people in the markerplace, or at the towns’ Gate.”
“Has you papa told you, that he would be a king one day?” asked Athaliah.
“Yes,” said Ahazia, “but till his papa is not dead – like a sheep, prone on the field- he won’t get the  crown from him.”
“Is that indeed what your papa has told you?” she asked, “had he use these words exactly?” The kid nodded, and his bigger sister added: “And I will not agree to become a king’s wife. I see old queen Deborah.”
“Why?” asked Athaliah.
“She has worn out face, and she stinks.”
“Not nice to think like that!” Athaliah rebuked her daughter, but then embraced her, “But if you won’t marry a king - who would you like to marry, Yehosheva? Maybe a prince, like your papa now?”
The girl shook her head:  No.
“My teacher Ruth was telling me,” she said, “that I would fall in love with a priest. Or even a prophet. They are fit to be loved, she said. Because God loves them, and guides thier way. God is good and merciful: He gives us the air to breath, and the water to drink. He bestrow us the flowers with a good smell. Even the sweet cakes come out from his blessing.”
“Very nice indeed,” laughed Athaliah. She asked her son - if one day he would like to wear the golden crown. 
“Yes,” he said, “But father said he would be the next king, and he should wear it.  I have a little crown, that he had brought me. It’s enough for me now, he said…”
“Very nice of him,” said Athaliah. She remembered that her parents had talked to her in a similar way. She was satisfied with her children’s ‘common wisdom’.
 
Two security guards, from the king’s horseriders’ troop, were said to escort Athaliah in her renewed annual voyage. However, a week before the ride started - everything had become mixed up. A delegate arrived from Jezebel, telling Athaliah to stay at home. Large troops of Hazael, the Aramean king, had invaded northern Israel, and penetrated deeply into the country. They were approaching Samaria, and began to besiege it. Refugees arrived from Samaria’s neighboring villages to Jerusalem. They told about people falling dead from the famine. King Joram and his mother Jezebel, they complained, could not supply any food to the population. The Bible (Old Testament, Kings 6)tells us about that:
“There was a great famine…until a donkey’s head was sold for eighty shekels of silver, and a Kaab (some weight ) of dove’s dung was sold for five shekels. And as the king of Israel- Joram- was passing by at the wall (to inspect it) a woman cried out to him: ‘Help me, O’ King!’  And he said:‘If the Lord doesn’t help you- from where shall I help you? From the threshing floor- or from the wine press?’ (All had been already been blown up in conflagrations that the enemy had set in the city). Then the king said to her: ‘What is the matter with you?’ – and the woman answered: ‘A woman said to me: ‘Instead that both of us will starve -give your son, that we may both eat him today, and we will eat my son tomorrow…” 
The prophets complained, that all these atrocities and horrors had been the result of God’s  punishment for Jezebel’s inducement to spread the Idol’s worship in the kingdom. The Baal worshippers – on the other hand- accused God beleivers, that they had caused Aram’s disaster: They treacherously  told Aram’s troops secrets about the high-ways and water sources of the country. By that they had helped the the invadors  to conquer Israeli land so promptly and easily. 
Athaliah  became very worried. She had requested her husband Jehoram to send some troops to help her brother Joram, and Jehoram did that. After a few months, Hazael(the Bible said it had been Ben Hadad)king of Aram removed his army from Samaria’s ramparts. The Northern Israeli kingdom could breath again the air of freedom. On the following summer Athaliah planned already to take her voyage to the north. But soon she discovered, that her brother’s kingdom was as dangerous  for a travel as in the previous year: 
There came mutual accusations – about  who had caused the present Aramean attacks to succeed, as they had re-arrived Samaria’s wall, and began to besiege it. As usual, the prophets incited the people against the Idols’ believers. Jezebel accused her son for not doing enough to catch the prophets’ leader. Now Elisha.was their sole leader, as Elija had been taken by God, so testified his disciple Elisha. With the bald headed prophets there were some flower priests and ‘sons of Prophets’, mainly striding around in towns and villages. They were inciting also Army Officers and simple footmen to get rid of Ahab’s family. 
“The prophet continually enflame the population against us,” Jezebel  complained in a letter to Athaliah, “and against the Idols’ worshippers, who had became now the majority of the population. The late prophet Elija had already warned  his pupils, that God’s believers survivers had become only seven thousands.” 





CHAPTER 4


Jehoram became king of Judea after his father Jehoshafat’s death. In the last years he  had become a ‘trainee king’- not a mere crown prince. He was practically managing the kingdom’s affairs, as his father was staying sick at home. Many foes had gathered around little Judea kingdom, among them Kush tribes (perhapes they had come from an African country like Ethipia) Egyptians, Adomites- and also Aram’s king Hazael, who succeeded to conquer the coast of northern Israel and arrived in the western border of Judea. This enemy had become the strongest military power in the area, and captured a vast part of Ahab’s inheritors’ kingdom… 
Under her husband’s kingdom in Judea, Athaliah held a title of ‘the senior queen’. She was ‘chosen’ by her husband to deal with collecting charity from the noblemen and rich officers. They had mainly acumulated their wealth either by inheritance of farms, or looting in victorious  wars...In this way Athaliah had become familiar with many miserable people in society, but also made acquanitance with the rich and families and influential officials in the regime. 
She had also tightened her social connections with some Idols’ worshippers, by visiting their ceremonies: She used to arrive there applying in make up and dressing herself in finery. Frequently  she  would  send her  maid  to bring to Baal’s old Worship House good smelling leaves, and branches for incense. The priests there would use those for celebrations and worship holidays. 
When Athaliah’s children became teenagers, she was aware that the boy Ahazia loved her, 
Much more then his sister Yehosheva. He appreciated her free spirit and her demand from him to prepare himself to become the king one day. She wanted him to meet boys and girls from the neighboring countries, and let him know her remote family from Tsydon. He was interested in history, and in religions and beliefs of other nations as well as of his own nation, Israel. She directed him all along his youth to be broad minded, and he was thankful to her for that. Really his character was so built - to investigate and get into details of things and events. 
“A learned man,” she used to tell him, “would not easily believe in what he is told. I don’t say that all want to use your fame and be considered your friends, in order to benefit from that. But don’t rely on anybody, and always concentrate on your target.  Undertake what you feel to be good for you and for the general good of Judea’s citizens, and try to unify those goods in your heart anm mind, though sometimes they would be antagonizing. And… don’t believe with full heart- either in what the priests of God would tell you, nor in the priests of Baal . They all search how to subordinate you for their purpose, which is to have their hands on the people’s minds and hearts…”
 The girl Yehosheva, however, did not show much affection to Athaliah, nor to her messages. She had been educated and influenced by her private teacher Ruth, who had  become to be a priest’s wife. Yehosheva began even to scold Athaliah, knowing her views about respecting the Idols, and about the ‘weakness of the God of Israel’. Her woman teacher seemed trying to avoid the bad relationship between the daughetr and her Mom. She was telling Yehosheva: 
“It’s written in Torah- that you should respect your parents.” But Yehosheva persisted to dislike Athaliah, and showed her rebellious behavior as she was growing up. Once she refused to travel with to her to Samaria, even though her brother was joining Athaliah and liked that trip. 
King Jehoram was not a healthy man. He had suffered from a ‘weak heart’, so his physicians told him. In his last four years of life he was hardly ruling the kingdom. He ordered the army commanders to place his young son, Ahazia, as the King Guard’s Commander. The young man became friendly with General Abner, the Army commnader, who served Jehoram devotedly. He won a bloody battle with black men of Kush in the south, on the way to Egypt’s Sinai desert.
Abner was twenty eight at that time and still a bachelor. People gossiped that he would prefer to love young men better than women. But nobody had any proof about that. Athaliah heard the rumor, too. She came to the conclusion, that he simply had not found yet a girl fit for him, as he was really a fervent God believer: He avoided from having affairs with light and ignorant women, and was engaged in the military ‘up to over the head’. Ahazia himself had a concubine already, but while talking to Abner about marriage - the commander shyly told him:  “Be happy with your girl, prince…but I had suffered enough.”
Ahaziah told that to his mother, and Athaliah smiled. A ‘womanish idea’ flashed in her mind. She inquired and found out, that General Abner had a girl in the remote past. He he had been then only an army captain. That girl had betrayed him and fled from Judea. 
Athaliah remembered what her maid Rachel told her years before: She had a sister,  who had fled from her strict and pedant fiance…Athaliah thought that it may had been Abner. 
One day Athaliah took Rachel with her to visit the army barracks, while the prince crown, Ahazia – was waiting for them. He was said to be his mother’s guide in that visit. Athaliah requested to see the best unit of the kingdom’s warriors in Jerusalem. She loved to gaze at marching troops, she said - to the sound of trumpets and tempo of drums. This time there would be also a soldiers’ wrestling tournament. They were expected to compete after the streets’ march, in the army’s Headquarters camp. Athaliah had hatched that General Abner would be present there too. Her maid Rachel joined her, and when the show had eneded - the two women went to thank Abner for the sportive nice performnce. The maid Rachel was gazing at the commander adoringly. She whispered  to Athaliah:
“I remember, that when I was a child, he was one of the best and nice wrestlers. I saw him talikng to my sister.” 
“You  should  now ask  something from him. We‘ll see if he remembers you,” said Athaliah. She handed her a packet, wrapped by a palm leave: “Get closer to the general. Give him this present for your soldier brother.”
“Sir, I have a brother in Azeka fortress,” said Rachel, “How can I send him this packet of small sweet date-palms?” 
She looked at Abner straight in the eyes, and he felt like a pinch in his heart.
“Your eyes and face remind me far days,” he suddenly told her, “are you from Yakhin village?”
She nodded, and he stretched his hand to let him take the sweets’ packet, that she had given him. He told her that he himself would visit Lakhish on the coming  week, and personally hand the gift to her brother’s officer.
Athaliah, who approached them, heard the end of their conversation. She asked if her son Ahazia would follow Abner to that place, and he confirmed that.
“If it is not a dangerous area,” said Athaliah, “may I and my maid join you too? We will just have a nice ride on our horses, behind my son and his guards.”
“We are going there to check the soldiers’ alertness,”  said Abner solemnly, “you will have to wait with my guards at the gate. I am sorry I can’t allow you enter the fortress…”
“That’s all right. We can enjoy ourselves, looking at the the views around. We’ll  take a meal with us, and have our lunch while you…”
“No, you’ll get a good lunch with the commanders,” said Abner, “…We have an inn nearby, where we shall eat, after our visit.” 
Athaliah thought it was a good beginning to befriend the Army commader- in-chief. Then She heard from her maid, what Abner had meant - by mentioning to her the name of  the far ‘Yakim village’ and  ‘far past days’.  
“Just when I saw him,” Rachel told her mistress, “I recollected who he was. He had become  my sister’s fiance. I haven’t seen this handsome man for years.”
“Ah, you once told me about that sister,” said Athaliah, “you said she had run away…Was it from Abner? How stupid!”
“Yes,” answered Rachel. “She had not imagined that he would become so great. But greatness is not a guarantee… for a successful love, I think,” said the maid.
“Oh, that’s a nice saying,” laughed Athaliah, “I see that you talk cleverly, maid. To where had she escaped from him?” 
“To northern Israel…He had then a lower rank, of course.” said Rachel, “She told my Mom: ‘Abner is a perfrectionist military man - and fanatic God believer. I am frantic, I can’t be disciplined,’ so she said…”
“Had not your sister believed in God?” asked Athaliah.  
“My sister’s religious belief was like yours…lady Athaliah, as far as I understood her… Not so strongly believer in God…excuse me saying that, my mistress.”
“You are  right, maid. I don’t hide my split belief.”
“It is in contrast to my belief,” said the maid, “You know me.”
“Yes, and I have ordered  you not to argue about that - with anybody, while I am present. haven’t I?”
“Yes, madam. I have always fulfilled that completely.”
“Very nice of you,” embraced her Athaliah with a smile, “So, I know that you would not think that God would ever do a mischief to someone. And I know that you  pray to him every day. It does not disturb me. I even appreciate that stubborness of yours.”
“Thank you, dear Lady. You know I am devoted to your Highness.” 
“Now let’s return to reality,” said Athaliah, “I have a queer feeling, that this General Abner will propose to you some day…”
“propose? To a maid like me?” 
 “I mean: if we let him know you are good natured and ardent religious feelings. You are an innocent pretty girl, very hard to be found nowadays. Like a special colored rare flower or a peculiar singing  nightingale. …Rachel, would you marry that strong and pedantic man, Abner?” 
“I think that my brain is too narrow to understand his wits.” said the maid meekly, “and  I fear that my spirit is too weak,  to satisfy such a vigorous man’s demands… from a woman…”
“But if his love to me develops, you will be the happiest in the country,” smiled Athaliah. The maid almost broke in sob, from excitement – even thinking about herself to be fit  for marrying a famous hero. 
“Let me think about all that match,” said Athaliah, “I appreciate your modesty and hesitations. Only tell me, and I hope I don’t hurt your heart: Are you a virgin?”
“Of course,” said the shy maid, and burst in a short wimper. “But who knows if the General would want me just because of that, madam. I’m so meek. He may search a valiant, smart girl, like my sister had been. Only a little bit more obedient and humble than her.”
“I see you know very well what commander Abner would need. I will try my best to make a match. Come again close to me, dear Rachel. I will embrace you like a daughter. You know, I …hardly do that. I feel confident  in my heart – to recommend you to the General. You have to obey my advices. We should not act swiftly, but wisely…”   
Though sisters Rachel and Bat Gad had not been tweens, they were very likely to each other. In their faces as well as in their body structures. Both had swollen breasts, long legs, green eyes, dark hairs and even quite similar voices. Athaliah  wanted just to have good relations with Abner,  based  on a  successful  match  between him and  her pretty, lovely  and wise maid. She wanted him to be liable to her for a great favor she would do him. She had learned from her mother, that simple people who succeed climbing high on a regime’s ladder, may remain faithful to the ‘doner’ in a case of a real trouble or urgent need. Her own experience had taught her already to smell a future trouble. In an unstable and tumultous political and social situation, especially in the small area of Judea - a war, a famine, a plague, a murder,  a mix of all – might take place suddenly, and invite a catastrophe – if not faced forcefully and immediately… 
Now Rachel had to find an argument for arriving to Abner’s small house. A maid of a respectable woman like Athaliah, should not simply stride in an outskirt of Jerusalem, and knock at the door of a General’s house. Calculative and manipulative Athaliah had not the will to involve her son in that matter. She wanted to prevent guesses and suspicions and counter inquiries in the king’s court… The General himself might be out of home, most of the evenings, and the maid has to face him again, by some resonable circumstances. 
However, “God or Baal” intervened in that story. It was after General Abner had visited the south-western Judea-Philistine border. He and his small commanders’ staff drove their horses close to the frontline. They left a guard to keep the horses and took swift a walk to a hilly area. It was near Hadasha, in north the west of the Philistine town Gath. There were many caves there, full of rats, snakes and other creeping insects.
Abner’s warriors were in an intelligence misssion: They were creeping on the bare ground, just to snatch a Philistine border guard and inquire him about units movements. A snake had sneaked out of his hole in the ground and bitten Abner. Its acute poison threatened his life. His soldier’s bayonet cut the injured place in his arm. He tried to suck the poison and spit it out. Then he asked his adjutant to take a rope and tightly tie the upper arm above that bite, so to prevent much poison to move further on into his veins with his blood stream. . .
The soldiers saw that their commander had become dizzy, and he ordered them all to retreat to Jerusalem. They dragged him by foot to their waiting horses nearby, and loaded Abner on a horse. His adjutant Isaac of Anatot mounted his horse to ride with him, binding his aching body to the horseback. He was sighing all the way back to Jerusalem. There he was brought to physicians, flower priests who expertised in rescuing snake bitten people. They continued to suck his blood and smeared some plant’s ointment on the wound. His physical strength and healthy sportive body had helped him to recover. Discerning that he became soon conscious, the chief physician expected that he would remain alive…
Next day they brought Abner home, and  his adjutant informed about his injury to the king’s palace. Athaliah soon  heard about that. She was  that now was the time to send her  maid  to Abner with a reasonable argument. A treatment of such injury requires a woman nurse. 
Athaliah’s son, Ahazia, was told by her, that Rachel would be fit to treat the General. She  and  revealed to him her Match Plot, and he agreed to it gladly. Rachel was guided by Athaliah how to win Abner’s heart: By cooking well and smiling to him and talking about her village, but not about her profane sister Bath Gad. Abner should not know that Bat Gad had become an Ashtoret slut, then repented and re-worshipped the God of Israel, and so on. Some said she was even married to prophet Elisha, a man of thirty five at that time. But Rachel herself did not believe that rumor…
Rachel soon learned from Abner, that he had been interested in her own personality - since that first meeting. But he was too busy, he said, to meet her sooner than now. He had even believed - so she told Athaliah, that it was God’s intervention, which had now brought her to help him to recover…Athaliah cheered her up, telling her: “I have known that you’d win his love, you see?” 
Athaliah knew that Abner would soon check Rachel’s past by his intelligence officers. When Abner was feeling much better, he kissed his sweetheart in the first time, and she soon ran to her mistress Athaliah and told her the news. Slanderer Athaliah told all that to her son Ahazia, and the crown king also enjoyed the gossip about  his chief commander’s serious love affair.
For Athaliah- it was not easy to depart from her devoted maid. She thought, however, that Abner would be important enough for her selfish interest to reach a power position in the kingdom: Therefore her strive to acquire his confidence by that match is worthy. He has now become the most powerful man in the kingdom after the king and the crown prince - her son Ahazia. ‘I wish that the Gods won’t bring me to need such men.’ She said to herself, ‘But my heart tells me that some-how some-day that might come. I must be ready to face hard  circumstances, though  I  cannot  yet  imagine  how and when and why. The king who is my husband – stays in his room most of the time. He’s lying on his bed, half of his body paralysed…I know that many will want to inherit him. Though my son Ahazia is the king’s legitimate heir-  we must beware of murderes. The prophets and priests have no mercy. Other ambitious men may come from the dynasty itself. I know king David’s history. His sons were quarrelling and killing each other, so I’ve read in the Bible. I won’t be amazed - if there will soon develop a bloodshed in Jerusalem. I and my son should be worried - and learn - from the historical precedence regarding the royal families in Israel and Judea.’



 CHAPTER 5


Jehoram, king of judea, died at the age of forty. Ahazia, his and Athaliah’s son, was crowned as his successor in the Holy Temple in Jerusalem. This time the High Priest was the king’s family member, Ahaziah sister’s husband Yehoyada-Joad. He was a very devoted God believer, and since his first day in that position, two years before, he was worried from the negligence of the Temple. The Temple’s building was not well prepared toward the crowning ceremony of Ahaziah, as nobody had expected that Jehoram’s death would come so soon. Yehoyada tried his best to clean the Hall, wash the sacrificing altar and set up a new thick wooden door and crimson curtain to the Holy of Holies Room (Kodesh Hakodoshim). The outside shape of the Holy Temple, however, remained as it had been along the last decades, when no one tried to replenish it: The kingdom needed money for building ramparts and finance costly wars. Also, the number of God believers had not increased, as people were influenced by Idol worshippers missionaires. They were coming from Tsydon and Northern Israel – Ahab’s kingdom. They mainly attracted youngsters and rich people, by their ‘no-restraint’ idea regarding human desires, as realized in the Baal and Ashera erotic ceremonies, which were practically sexual orgies. 
Athaliah was very happy to be the ‘Super Lady’- as the king’s mother had been called in those ancient times. Her mother Jezebel, (who even was called Queen –by Ahab) - sent her a nice note of blessing for that, and a gift of a golden necklace, beside the presents she had sent to the new young king Ahazia. However, she added a written blessing and comment- in a note enclosed to those gifts: ‘We rejoice and kiss Ahazia, the new king from our family. We bless him that Baal will strengthen him and help him in all his deeds… Let’s beware, however of the hand of God, from tightening around our throat…”
 She wrote these gloomy words, because her son Joram had been already fighting again with the Arameans. There were bitter  battles going on in the northern-eastern side of Israel, as well as over the Jordan river and Sea of Galilee’s mountainous areas. Even to the Carmel mountain and the sea shore had King Hazael of Aram penetrated. He was a cruel and strong enemy, obstinate as a whipped up wrathful horse. Elisha had already prophesized he would be like that: 
“…And the man of God wept,” tell us the Bible ( KINGS2 , CHAPT.8, 10-14)
“And Hazael said:’why does my lord(Elisha, who met him) weep?’ – and he (Elisha) answered: ‘Because I know the evil that you’ll do to the sons of Israel. Their strongholds you will set on fire, and their young men you will kill with swords, and their little ones you will dash in pieces, and their pregnant women you will rip up!”  	

Despite the hard situation in northern Israel at that time of summer, Athaliah decided to drive to Samaria and visit her mother. Of course she was escorted by two guards, and her son Ahazih approved that travel. He heard from Athaliah that she would advice her Mom about fighting against the prophets and their followers. Jezebel had hated the prophets since her marriage with Ahab, and now she blamed the extreme God believers to be the most fearful internal enemy. That was obvious, as they loudly declared their wish to cause Ahab’s dynasty perish. Even that disaster would be brought by a foreign occupier like Hazael… Jezebel was madly eager to crush the prophets and their followers, as in the time of Elija. But her searche after those “Sons of Prophets” and their shelter suppliers had brought only a limited successs. Unlike Judea, where the prophets were few, and till then - the kings had not forced the people to accept the Idols worship, Jezebel behaved differently. She had been jealous to and decisive to uproot God’s prophets and their followers from the country, and wondered how they re-emerged from as from underground, after many of them had been slaughtered by her husband Ahab. However, her son Joram’s policy was to differentiate between the prophets and the priests: He allowed the Calf  priests remain still in their positions, and lead their ceremonies and prayers – but without preaching to the people. The social inequality between poor and rich in north Israel had been well felt by the majority of the simple citizens - and only the prophets dared to criticize that, and call for the devastation of the royal old regime. Jezebel hated them also for that, not only for a mere religious reason… 
 
“We should try  to use a new tactics in fighting with the prophets,” said Athaliah when she met  her mother, “I well remember,  that you had discovered to me once, that my Pa hired  two pretty prostitutes for spying  in Aram’s Damascus. Let’s use such a network against the internal enemies.” 
Jezebel agreed to her daughter’s idea. She invited Gera – her chief Intelligence Officer, for consultation. For many years she had in mind the same idea, but the ‘Sons of Prophets’ were ardent God Believers, who would not be seduced by a regular type of whores. Now Athaliah was there – and suggested that she would select women candidates for such a task.
 Jezebel asked Gera, if he had a pretty girl, who had been in need of money, and would be found fit for seduction.  
“I have a most remarkable one,” he said, “she is called Bath Gad,” 
“A youth in that name had been my maid’s sister!” said Athaliah in surprise, “What a cross of  events….I would like to see her, and render her some gifts …”
“Recently,” added Gera, “She was a mistress of Zerabaal, one of the sons of our great king Ahab’s concubines’.”
“Oh, A concubine has found a concubine’s son,” said cynical Jezebel and Athaliah together.
“Doesn’t Bat Gad aspire to become a respectable lady?” asked Athaliah, “and of course, officially married to a honest man?”
“Maybe. But meanwhile she had betrayed the concubine’s son. She claimed that he promised to marry her, but soon became cooled up. So, she departed from him, and soon became really married - to a handsome army officer in the name of Offir-el…But he was killed by Aram. So, my men had known her past, and put her on the upper line in my list.” 
“Surely she is starving now,” said Jezebel, “We should sieze the opportunity and mobilize her to the sacred task, of seducing sacred men.”
“May I know- who are these prophets exactly?” asked Gera, who was not sure about the exact target.
“I have a  plot against two relatively young prophets. They must be won cunningly.”
“I know,” said Gera, “that their leader Elisha has already one mistress. She ‘s living in the village Shunem, near Jezre-el. He would hardly be seduced. I heard he is very devoted to that big woman, that he has made her become pregnant. She has a very old husband, dead cocked.” He laughed.
“We will need more than one beautiful woman,” said Athaliah, “for even younger prophets’ sons- so they call their disciples. Maybe I can use one clean beaute for a service in Judea. ”
“I have seen Bat Gad already, even twice,” said Jezebel, “when that son of my husband’s concubine had been with her. She’s really pretty, and very attractive.”
 “Her sister told me,” said Athaliah, “that her face is very smooth, her brown skin is shining, and her smile makes you feel that you see a marvellous angel.”
“Don’t you know that woman, Gera?” Jezebel her secret police Head,” You are known as a women hunter,” she looked at Athaliah.
“Now I have no spare time for women, your Ladyship,” said Gera solemnly, “you know that  I am busy in organaizing our wars’ plots how to frustrate the enemy.” 
“My spy should be a mysterious woman,” said Jezebel, “I wonder if Bat Gad is.”
“Yes, but not a hallucinator.” Answered Gera, “She should like to enjoy life. Her body and spirit are be very healthy, so I am told. That meets my principle.”
“We should hurry to hire her,” said Jezebel, “In her poor condition now- this lady Bat Gad might become again a concubine very soon.  Of a wealthy traders or a young prince, that I am not familiar with. My so-called family has become so large, by the offsprings of Ahab’s mistresses…Generaly, I hate quarrelling with an owner about a whore, understand? I want her for my purpose immediately, before it’s too late.”
“But nothing is too late,” said Gera, “in this kind of profession. If we miss Bat Gad, I will find for you another candidate within a day or two.” He said that with a sardonic smile, but soon saw his lady’s severe glimpse at him.
“No. A primitive minded slut,” she said, “would not fit my target. I know what I’m talking about. Prophets are the most intelligent and smartest of men. Their sexual desire would only be fulfilled by lying with very intelligent and wise women. Maybe you know that. So,” she turned to Athaliah, “if you say that Bat Gad is smart and constructive and resourceful – let us find her. We will both be her guides.”
“I will hand her to you immediately,” Gera said, “assuming that she is here, in Samaria.”
“Bath Gad will become the chief anti-prophets agent,” said Athaliah, “she should  dwell within their circles. But you warn her, mister Gera-  not to fall really in love with one of those vile, seeminglly righteous and pious prophets. I hope she’s not too silly, as she is not any more a teenager. She must be a good pretender, an actress. I repeat- she must not be too much seduced to have a truthful and  a real love affair. It’s an obstacle, you know…” 
“She should not be like myself in my youth, Gera.” said Jezebel, in a break of sudden sincerity. “You know, I – had fallen in real love at the age of twenty. Yes, with prince Ahab from Israel, May his soul rest in peace. Today, in my elder age, however- I criticize myself about that excited love. I am not filled with hapiness - while I recollect what had come out of my hopes and dreams…Oh,” she whimped, but soon recovered, “Sometime I think, that it had been better - if Almighty and Terrible Baal would have created me a simple woman. I should have been busy in taking care of my children, feeding them, educating them- without being constantly worried and distressd by the fate of a great and shaking kingdom. . .Oh, Heaven!”
Her eyes became again wet, and she wiped the tears by her palm.
“Excuse me for being so sore today,” she added, “I see everywhere only murderous fighting and terrible starvation. Everyday I worry - who else of my relatives might pass away. Yes, in that dreadful war, that the horrible God of Israel had declared on us…I apologize for my exaggerations, if any… The strings of my nerve are so stretched…”
“It’s good for the spirit to speak out,” remarked Gera. 
“Let’s return to our topic, the woman Bath Gad.” Said Jezebel, “I am too nervous and tired today - to interview her. Let Athaliah do that. I rely on her. You will send the woman to Athaliah’s  room, just as you find her. Athaliah will verify our guess about her capability…”   
“I’ll initially bribe her by a wrist’s golden bracelet.” said Athaliah, “I’ve brought it with me.”
       “I will hand you also,” said Jezebel, “to let her have a silver ring, with a precious diamond. I hate this article, because the king of Aram had rendered it to me. It was while we had a temporary piece. I paid a visit to him with my husband, before he had been killed by these treacherous Arameans.”
“I remember it,” said Athaliah, while her mother took the ring out from a drawer in her wardrobe and handed it to her.
Gera saw that Jezebel’s eyes were winking from fatigue, and he gave her his hand for departure. Jezebel turned to her room, and fell asleep immediately. Athaliah, however, was very alert afterward. She was waiting in her room for the young woman Bat Gad. After two hours - a maidservant came to her room and told her, that Gera  had ‘found the requested lady,’ so he said.. 
“She will arrive here in the evening, he said. He ordered the guards to lead her straight  into your bedroom, Lady Athaliah…”
“Very good,” Athaliah  said, “thank you.”
Half an hour after sunset Gera’s horserider-agent brought a young woman, riding a tall donkey, to the western gate of Samaria’s palace. She connected its reins to a peg in the courtyard’s external wall, and stepped after the agent up to Gera’s cabin. Gera sent his agent back and talked shortly with Bat Gad. She was black haired, a blue color smeared around her big almond eyes, her lips not as thick as a black woman’s- but sensitve and full. (Gera remembered that Jezebel had such sensitive lips in her past, but in recent years they became narrow,  strongly clasped– and people related that to her wickedness and vicious character). But in contrast to her made up face – Bat Gad’s dress made her look like a very traditional village women: A wide showl  was wrapping her face, and a tiny  cleft in her dress exposed only a slight curve of her rounded breasts.
Gera  stroke his shepherd’s bell twice. That was a sign for the maidservant to arrive in his office, (for calling his two staff guys,  he used to gong three times). He told the maid to follow Bat Gad to Athaliah’s room, and leave  her there.
“I am the king’s daughter,” told her Athaliah, “and you’ll wonder why I have called you here.”
“Yes, I really wonder,” smiled Bat Gad.
“Your sister Rachel,” said Athaliah, “sends you her greetings.”
“Oh, How would your ladyship know my sister?” asked Bat Gad.
“She had been my maid for five years, in Judea,” said Athaliah, “she has married, and hopes to meet you one day.”
“Oh, thanks a lot,” said Bat Gad. She had never known much about the Judean royal family, so she had not been aware of Athaliah’s connection to it and to Abner.    
“Your sister has told me,” said Athaliah, “that in your early younghood you were going to get married, but…”
“I disliked my fiance’s pedancy and severe religiousity,” said Bat Gad. “I can’t deny that, your ladydhip. I see you had inquired a lot about me…” 
“Had your fiance limited your moves…and therefore you have fled out?”
“Yes.” She smiled, “At those far days I had thought about my escapade as a very daring step. Now - I know that so had God wanted… He was an officer, the man to whom  I had been engaged to. He was called Abner.”
“Had you inquired  about him  - since you had left your home?” 
“No,” said Bat Gad, “and if my sister knows him, or if you happen to meet him - please, don’t talk with him about me. He hates me.”
“I’ll know what to talk with who,” scolded Athaliah, and then asked: “D’You know that my family members here -  are the relatives of Judea’s king.”
Bat Gad nodded with her head: “Yes”, she said.
“We have called you,” said Athalaih, “for a very delicate job. I was reported, that while you had  first arrived to Samaria, you took shelter in Ashera House here. For a year you had served as a maid of Ashera priestess and then of the Baal Priest.You have certainly participated in the dancing-ceremonies they had organized. I liked these festivities very much myself…”
“Well, that was years ago.” 
 “Your open mindedness and free behavior in the past -gives me hope, that the job which I have chosen for you. . .will meet your character… I know about your recent marriage, too -  to an officer of the army here.”
“Yes, “ confirmed Bat Gad, “alas, a month ago he was killed in a battle.”
“I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Now I feel useless, dear madam. I can’t even turn to be a maidservant somewhere, because the rich people here want teenagers for that, and I can’t hide my age.”
“Ah, that is not the full truth,” saud Athaliah, “You are so pretty, that some would agree…”
“You know, that since the last siege of Samaria by Aram - God’s prophets sons just murder womwn whom they think to be profane? I don’t think I should go back, for example, to work in the Baal’s House, because I fear from them…”
 “I Understand,” said Athaliah, “The Baal priests became fewer- as many had volunteered to be soldiers and defend their homeland. The prophets of God called their followers to desert.” Athaliah was a little embarrased about how she would reveal to the young woman why she had called her.
“Now I will reveal you,” said Athaliah, “what’s the real task, that we’d like to impose on you. ..Not an easy one. ”
“Well, the man who brought me here,” said Bat Gat, “told me that the king’s mother needs like a secretary… or something like that .” 
“Not exactly. I’ll tell you that directly: You are a fascinating young woman. We have found that we should use your service to fight the God’s prophets and prophets’ sons…  I assume that you know- that they are headed  by Elisha. He is a queer person, Elija’s disciple. You should attract him, pretend love, and lie with him.”
“Oh! I am now a respectable woman, honorable Lady.”
“We must break through into his mind, and find out his main secrets,” Athaliah disregarded her protest, “if there is a real association of prophets with him, who plot with Aram against  our 
kingdom? And where are their hiding places? To who in Aram are they connected, if at all?…  and so on.”.
“There is already a rumor in the army,” said Bat Gad, “so told me my late husband…that some commanders conspire with Prophets’ Sons.”
“We have to know further details about that plot. If you’ve heard something more- tell me now.”
Bat Gad shook her head: “I know nothing more,” she said, “Soldiers discuss about everything confidentially. A revolt is a pure art of conspiracy by men. How can a woman like me bring benefit ? …”
“You get that through your bed,” said Athaliah cynically, “the task that we would like you to fulfill is really difficult and risky. But we will pay you a lot.”
“But how shall I… lie in bed,” asked Bat Gad in a broken voice, “with a bald, hideous man like that Elisha? I… You force me to do something against my will, Lady. I may run out. Hopefully not, but…I am not a whore.”
“You have been hosted by us since your younghood. You have found shelter in Samaria…For how many years have you stayed here exactly?” 
“Seven,”  answered Bat Gad, “Seven years. Time has been running fast.”
“Looking at your pretty body and shining face,” said Athaliah, “and being impressed by your common sense, I am sure you will win the prophet’s heart. You will get used to him. Even marry him, for our sake- and for yours too: He is an extraodinary orator and poet. He is an interesting  man, you know. He is known for doing favors to the most miser people in our society.  And he would cheer them up by his prophesies about our royal family’s devastation…Ha Ha!”
“I had heard, that this prophet Elisha has some woman. Or more than one.”
“He is a vagabond, you know. Searching to bring food, clothes and money to those who lack everything except their airy souls. How did he define that? ‘to help  the orphan, the widowed woman, the foreign slave – and the poor in general.’”
Bat Gad meditated longly. She shut her eyes and massaged her face by her fingers.   
“Well,” she said at the end, “I can try to seduce him, but I can’t guarantee results.”
“Of course not. But you’ll report everything about him to us. Even if his hatred toward us would  seem to you only conceptual; even if he wouldn’t organizing anybody against us…And  be cautious about telling about your past as a servant in the Idols’ temple. Pretend the innocent woman… If he catches something -  you are in danger, you understand that. He has an enormous hatred toward those who aren’t God believers. He has some interesting prophecies in writing, too. D’you like to read poetry?” 
“Some kind- Yes,” said Bat Gad, “but I had not read anything by him, nor by his master Elija. I’ve  mainly read the Knaanite Baal legendary poetry. That was when I stayed with the Idols worshippers…”
“You will like also Elisha’s rhetorics to the public. He is an excellent oratory poet. There is a guy who actually puts his words into ink. He is his assistant, the youth Gehazi.”     
“I heard that Greek poets are used to lie with their male youths, and with their women as well,” Bat Gad was feeling she could now quite jest, “If  Elisha is like them…then I fear I shall be disgusted. I’ll resign, I’m telling you. Please take that into account, Lady Athaliah.” 
The two women soon left Athaliah’s bedroom and walked to Gera’s cabinet. Athaliah became worried about Elisha’s homosexuality, and asked the secret Policeman’s  opinion.
“He’s surely straight,” he remarked, “We have traced his moves, his meetings. We’ve peeped even to his sleeping places. . .” 
Athaliah turned to Bat Gad, and said: “You see, don’t worry about that.”
“Well,” said Bat Gad to Gera, “I see I must agree to take this job... But how much will I be paid?  It’s most risky, we have agreed about that.” she turned to Athaliah, who nodded.
“Once a month,” told her Gera, “you will get two hundred Ksitaa, which is an amount close to the monthly earnings of the richest carpets’ dealers in Samaria.”
 “I’ll get paid in gold coins, I suppose,” said Bat Gad.:
“If you dicover a lot about the prophets conspirators,” said Gera, “I will even raise your salary…”
“The prophets spread poison,” said Athaliah, “and now we will poison them back, hunt them one by one. So many were captured in the time of my late father, but now their number seems to rise. It’s like a strong river’s stream, that suddenly meets a dam and stops; but then finds a bypass and continues to flow. Their stream is dranage water, filthy, bad smelling…Baal will help us to get rid of those fanatics, fantasy stricken villains!”
Saying that- Athaliah decided to introduce young Bat Gad to her mother, Jezebel. If something would go wrong, she thought, her Mom should not smash the blame for failure only on her, who recommended to hire that pretty spy.
Jezebel was already awake, and permitted the two women to enter her bedroom. She did not rise from her sofa, and was still lying on it, very tired. But then she ordered her maid to bring two embroidered cushions and lay them over the white cushion, which  was under her head.
At first she thought to exchange with her visitor only a few words, but after looking further at pretty Bat Gad, she tried to strenghthen herself and become fully seated, leaning her head on the high new cushions.
Jezebel spoke in an intimate manner, thinking that the young woman would appreciate her frank talk: “My body is aching all around. That would force me to constantly move – trying to find a better resting position every hour…” she said with a sigh, moving her legs out of the blanket like sportively, but even that effort was seen heavy for her.         
“Well, I wish you good luck in your task, dear Bat Gad,” Jezebel then added hoarsely, “Remember to report Gera about every move you take. Let him know… about any irregular behavior - of the various men you’ll befriend.”
“I was told that it would be only one, her Excellancy.”  said Bat Gad.
“Let it be so. And remember to say a prayer to Baal every day. I understand you’re God’s believer, but a murmur of a few worde won’t damage. Say: ‘Bless my whole, Oh Baal.’ …That’s all. It helps, you’ll see!”   
Then Jezebel indicated her daughter – to put an end to the meeting. Before leaving, Bat Gad greeted Jezebel, saying: “Good night, Your Highness. I wish you good  health, from the depth of ny heart.”
The two women turned back to Gera’s cabinet, where he was waiting for them.   
“I give you now ten golden coins, as a prepayment,” Gera handed the money to Bat Gad. “this is in addition to the nice golden gifts that Her Ladyship has rendered you.”
“Thanks,” she said, and Athaliah departed from her, wishing her ’Good luck.’
“You will meet Elisha,” Gera told Bat Gad, “in Pentecost’s ceremony, in which people bring their First Fruits of the year- to God’s priests. It’s in Beth El. Have you visited already the nice Shrine of the Calf?”
“Of course,” she said, “My husband, the officer, was a God Believer. Though in Judea- where I was born, the Priests opposed and hated this Temple. They claimed that God would like people to gather only in Jerusalem…” She smiled at Gera, and he cursed himself. He could not permit himself to have an affair with her now, due to his high rank.  He gave an oath  to Jezebel  - not to mix selfishness with his super-responsible job. ‘Jezebel uses to send spies after me too,’ he thought. ‘I know that Rulers are paranoids. Nothing can change that malady.’ 
“I wish you good luck and success” he said solemnly to Bat God, “Hopefully, you have an excellent  control on your nerves. I’m sure about that.”
Next morning Athaliah’s  mother  called  Gera and Athaliah to her room:
“You have hired a really amazing and fascinating young woman,” she praised them both.
“I had known about her before,” said Athaliah, “and I regret that I had not suggested to you 
employ her earlier.”
“If we’re still living,” Jezebel sighed, “It’s not too late…Well, Chief intelligence officer,” she said  to Gera, “tell us now the fresh news for today!”
“Our forces in Galilee still hold their positions, but we need much more soldiers. We hear that some footmen still run out from their units. Aram pays them to leave  their units.…And some of our commanders say, that the royal regime is to be blamed, for nourishing the Baal worship, not God’s religion. Of course, I hope to get more valueable intelligence, and know better who are the trouble makers- through Bat Gad…”



CHAPTER 6


The roots of the Israeli-Judean holiday of ‘Shavuot’– Pentecost, could be found also in the Knaanite holiday for the final spring festival, after Passover. The ancient Hebrews or Israelis- made of it also a Celebration Day for memorizing that the Torah Laws had been received by the people in that day, thru Moses – from God.
(The Christians called that day ‘Pentecost’– ‘the holy Spirit of God’ having appeared in the reception of Moses Commandnets, the Torah ).
Many of the first Israelis living in the country were shepherds like Abraham. They blessed God -or Baal- for the fertility of their fields, orchards and vineyards. The curse imposed by God on Adam to work with sweat  in order to produce food - had become a blessing bestowed by God on those who would fulfill this order. 
People in ancient times loved that holiday, as it took place at the end of the spring, after the rains had ceased. The festivities of bringing the farmers’, planters and grains raisers, bring their presents or Offerings to the priests. That would take place under the sky, with group dances and music of joy. Nice views of pilgrims, men and women, would be seen at the Temple’s courtyard and its sourroundings: In North Israel it was the Calf Temple in Beth-El, owned by Ahab’s kingdom, and that place was very close to Judea, a distance of some twenty km from Jerusalem. Jerusalem had its own Temple, built by king Solomon, King David’s son. Except this great deed he was famous in his wisdom , and in his thousand women. How that fact had coexisted with wisdom, only he himself could explain… 
The historical paragraph you have just read- may have been shortly taught by Prophet Elisha to his assistant, fifteen years old Gehazi, while their donkeys were approaching Beth-El. They  came with their offerings to the priests of God there. Gehazi’s body  was suffering already from leprosy. It was a result of his master’s curse on him,( see details on the Bible Book of KINGS2). Despite that - Elisha pitied the youth and still permitted him to remain his assistant. 
On the previous day - Gehazi received first fruits and vegetables from Elisha’s woman-friend in Shunem village. Before getting those presents form her hands, the Prophet blessed her kid, remembering that a few years earlier he had seen her swelling belly - after she had seduced him to do something that would make her become pregnant. Then she bore that son, and when he became six years old the prophet had rescued him from death, and so on…But now the woman had become already an official widow. In the past she had her ‘No Use’ old man, who would be snoring under his tree - whenever Elisha and Gehazi would visit her…Only Gehazi knew what had been the real kind of relationship of his master and Lady Shunamit. He wrote about that, together with other Elisha’s adventures - in a thick book. That happened later on, after his leprosy sickness had become severe, and he could hardly move his broken crumbled limbs. He was asylumed in Samaria’s Lepers’ House. All that will be told more extensively in one of the coming chapters…(Years after Gehazy and Elisha had died-  the Bible editors  had just copied the tales from Gehazi’s remarkable book. However, they hided Elisha’s true love story with Shunamit, and only hinted ut. They had avoided publishing the fascinating tale about Elisha’s relationship with another woman -Bat Gad, that we will soon discover). 
So, the prophet and his young servant’s voyage to the south began along the Jezre-el Valley.  Then there they turned to the valley of Dotan (near Palestinian town Jenin of today) and then - to Shekhem(Nablus- today) and to Beth-El (near Ramallah- today). A very warm sun sent its beams on the ‘royal highway’. Along it were seen various people, trying to reach Beth-El with their agricultural presents, which were filled in their bags and baskets. They had just gathered the first fruits, as well as the first  harvest of their barley and wheat. They put those into sacks, which they loaded on donkeys or oxen backs – and led their pilgrimage together. The offerings were not loaded on horsebacks-  because the army had mobilized all of these nice and quick gallop   animals for its needs. 
Some shepherds, leading sheep or goats, were walking on the way to Beth El, too. They just wanted to sacrifice the animals on the Temple’s altar, and then eat them together with the respectable ‘priests of the Calf’. (so they were called mockingly by the Jerusalem Temple’s priests and prophets). We would not mention here the Calf, if the flashing golden head of its statue would not be seen from far. That statue had been erected over the Beth El Temple, about hundred years before Elisha and young Gehazi were on their way to it. The calf’s head stone sculpture was smeared by a gold color, and the other limbs (legs and body)were colored in black asphalt or whitewash. It had been carved in the time of Jerovaam, the first Northern Israeli king. He installed that sculpture in that particular place - due to its historical sanctification: It was the place where Jacob had set his statue for God, after he had laid his head on some stones for a good nightly sleep. In his dream God showed him a ladder reaching the sky: Angels were climbing and descending its steps. By that they had symbolized the Israeli nation’s history: It will rise up and then descend down, depending on God’s wish. The most Orthodox Jews said: If Israel will obey God- they will climb up, and so on… To me it seems, that the simple and explicit tale in the Bible just described a nation’s life along its history: No nation had led its historical life without ups and downs, and so the Israeli(then Jewish) nation.
Soon the ‘pretty pair’ Elisha and Gehazi, riding their donkies – arrived  the Beth-El Temple’s hill. The Prophet turned his eyes and saw the Calf Statue on the Temple’s roof, or second floor. He cursed  Jezebel, her son -king Joram, and the priests –who were faithful to the Calf’s shape. He ordered young Gehazi to bind the donkeys’ reins to a low tree, and let them  chew grass - that had still existed in that  month, but soon, in summertime, all the fields would grow only dry thornbushes, that even foolish donkeys or oxen would not eat. 
(Have you paid attention to the scene of a knight and his servant riding, then taking a rest and then continue to stride over the country – 2500  years afterward? I hint at  Don Kichote. The spaniard genius author Cervantes had not been the original writer of a tale of a hallucinator, who sees reality according to his erroneous perception and conception. His servant, a poor fellow,(Quichote’s Sanco Pansa was older than Gehazi, and married.) was so stupid, that his master could impose on him all his frustrations from the hard- cruel- beguile reality. Gehazi had suffered from his master’s similar fury assaults …Prophet Elisha saw the Calf and Kichote saw the Windmill, symbols used all along world literature. Is all our cognizance just imagination and fascination? – Yes, like the presentation of the first fruits before the Calf Priests. But Elisha had brought something with him – in order to try to refute the belief of the simple people in all the commercial advertisement of the ‘half believing Calf Priests in the true God of Israel’. That God, which no symbol should be his mask, nor he has any shape, nor face, nor voice, nor anything material or energetical (which are the same, in the science of physics of today) nor space, that shape and construct our consciousness and way of  thinking…)
Elisha looked again and again at the statue, and cursed it repeatedly in his heart: It looked shining far away – to the many people moving like dots in the valleys and mountains of the land. It was huge in its measures, twice or thrice than a real grown up calf or ox. Its head was flashing from the gold lighted by the sun beams, and it had been called the Golden Calf. The ancient Israelis had known that the brain is inside the head, and the head is the most ‘worthy limb’—and if it would stop functioning, death would come.
Elisha bent a little, and  only he himself and his servant had heard his murmur:
“Have you seen something?” he asked Gehazi, “The rascal priest and the silly crowd go hand in hand. They had repaired the Calf’s ears. The king’s Mom has allowed us and all the prophets’ sons - to reach this place. I think she is plotting to trap us somehow. I heard that she had provided this year also a ten thousand Ksitah golden coins for repairing the Temple itself. We are in a war with Aram - and for that she has found funds? - I wonder. She wants to delude the God believers here, that she had repented to God, at least to the God symbolized by the Calf…Let’s get in, with our first fruits and vegetables baskets – and wheats’ sack.”    
They passed a wide gate and came along an avenue of high palm trees. They soon arrived to the broad temple’s courtyard. Before the temple’s doors there was set up a very long table, covered with white sheets. The presents-offerings of first fruits would be rendered on it to the priests, who were standing thereby, facing the people who were waiting on line, bearing their baskets or sacks –whatever they contained - on their shoulders. They would also ‘wave up the Omer’,( sheaf)  of the wheat or barley harvest that they had brought. 
The sun was burning, and some women got out of the line. They shouted to the priests:
“Olease, take the offering more promptly. The fruits have already begun to rotten. What will remain for the Holiday’s common feast?”
There were other people, who saw our prophets and recognized him. They requested  the crowd to make a way for him and shorten his stay there. 
“No, I will wait patiently with all the others,” told them Elisha, “…Really, I have to wait till king Joram arrives. He should see how many God Believers want to fulfill Moses’ commandment of First Fruits Offerings. Much more than he has expected.”
“What are you talking about?” asked him a Flower Priest who was standing aside,  “the king won’t come, because of Aram’s attacks.”
“So, he has broken his promise the High Priest Azriel,” said Elisha loudly.
“Here is the high priest, please ask him,” said the Flower Priest. Azriel had heard the debate and said: “The king has spologized, that he would not come. I’m sorry that I have not hanged a note about that on the Temple’s pillars.”   
 “That’s a sign,” protested Rlisha, “dear brethern. If the king had really wished to be fair to us and respectful of God- he should not only have arrived here today- but destroy that Calf over there!…Why don’t you all detest it?  Is it a God for you? If you agree with me- shout with me: “Away -detestable golden calf! Let’s break it down!”
Only few pilgrims joined the Prophet’s call in a second unilateral scream. He turned to Gehazi in frustration, but had not left the line of first fruits’ carriers. He and Gehazi approached the priests, who were getting the baskets of offerings. 
“God of Israel, curse the calf!” shouted Gehazi again. He waited for some men to  follow his call by their voices, and like his teacher he was disappointed too, that no one had reacted to his call.          
Elisha arrived the long table of priests who would receive the offerings. He saw a young Flower priest, whose eyes rested on his, and his gaze became fixed, like they were trying to hypnotize him. He moved his face frustratingly from him, and screamed again with Gehazi:
“Curse the calf! A shame on Israel!” -  and again nobody echoed. 
At that moment the High Priest Azriel began re-singing the priestly Biblical hymn: “You are blessed in your town, blessed in your field,” and so on. Elisha was outrageous, that nobody repeated his shout against the Calf. He threw his basket toward the handsome young priest, who was still staring strangely but interestingly at him.   
“Dear prophet,” he said very warmly and politely, “Please don’t be angry. If you  listen to me, the smallest and meekest of flower priests, I will be thankful.”  
“Well, but speak shortly,” Elisha said impatiently and turned aside, not to disturb others from submitting their offerings. The young priest left his place at the table and stepped aside toward Elisha, who indicated Gehazi - by a hand turn- to go away.
“Won’t you see, sir? Most of God Believers like the Calf!” challenged him the good looking  priest, “Either a man or a woman, no difference. So, why sould you incite against it? I think: Why shouldn’t God understand and sympathize with the peoples’ wishes.”
“And if ten thousands fools would like the idols’ worship, and their prophane sexual orgies- would you also say: Let them do it? You, scandalous young pr….”
Elisha paid attention that the priest‘s eyelids were smeared by coal. Around his eye- balls there was a blue color, and his nose was short, not as the common male’s nose of an Israeli - or even a Knaanite…He was wearing a white turban on his head, covering curled dark hairs, which look like womanish. His white robe  was suddenly split out for a second, and one of his bare smooth legs peeped out…
Elisha looked back at the priest’s face, and saw that some soft red color had flowered his cheeks. Was it from excitement or faked shyness? –Elisha wondered.    
“I would like to tell you,” said the flower priest, “that we, here in the Temple- don’t worship the calf, nor do we call him god. This calf is just a potential ox, and is used by our religion as a symbol…of God’s  strength and ability of creation and fertility!.”
“But Jerobaam,” shouted irritated Elisha, “the first king of northern Irael, said to the people: Look at the Calf, he is your God that had rescued you from Egypt, and brought you to the promised land. It’s all in all an Egyptian idol, you don’t tell me lies!”
“I don’t agree to your saying,” giggled the priest,  “We- Neth El priests- don’t worship the calf nor bow to him - like Ashera believers shake at  her naked body, and dance up to unconsciousness for her sake. No. We Believe in God’s spirit, and in Him alone, and …”
“That’s very nice of you,” said the prophet. He felt uneasy to debate with that priest. 
“Come on - priest Benjamin!” shouted suddenly the chief priest to the youth, “stop discussing with the mad prophet. Continue to gather the baskets. Return to your duty. Quickly!” 
“Please, excuse me, I’ve to leave,” said the young flower priest to Elisha. He pointed toward the place in center of the table, at which he was previously standing. Elish nodded to him. Then he looked again at his pretty face, and at his lightly moving figure, and sighed to himself. He called loudly: “Gehazi, where have ye’ gone?”
His young servant-adjutant- assistant-porter rose from his rest place on the stair near the Temple’s entry. He walked back to the prophet, gazing at the nice white dressed people, who were still coming and humming there like an endless stream. He stood already near Elisha, and heard his question:
“Had you discerned something strange about the priest who had just talked with me?  Look there, he’s there,” he pointed toward the offerings’ table, “standing two steps on the left of Chief Priest Azriel.”.
“I see nothing special,” said Gehazi.
“I feel an internal fire, burning in me to continue talking with him. Please, sneak yourself  between the visitors, go straight to him and tell him: ‘my master Elisha is eager to see you again, to tell you great, mysterious, amazing things. He will wait you in the evening dusk there, under the olive tree, behind the fence that you see on your right.” 
“You mean, master,” said grown up boy Gehazi, “that in this meeting only both of you will be present?…” Eliash nodded and warned his assistant:
“You  - don’t follow me there. God has told me something important about this youth. I’ve to clarify that. The celebration would be over - at the time that we’ll meet, so tell him.” 
Gehazi got to the head of the line. A a man scorned him why he should push him. But discerning his leprosy-  he retreated in disgust, so opening his way to see the young priest and whisper to him: “Priest Benjamin, I am Elisha’s disciple.”  Gehazi  reapeated to him the exact words that Elisha had put in his mouth.
“Tell the prophet that I’ll come,” whispered flower priest Benjamin, who was the disguised Bat-El. His/her boss Gera had arranged his/her participation in the ceremony with Chief priest Azriel.
 
In the evening Elisha went to behind the Calf Temple’s courtyard. There was an olives’ orchard there. Young priest Benjamin presumed he would be waiting under the thickest and oldest of them. As he arrived there was heard a loud laughter. The prophet was not used to hear somebody playing on his nerves.
‘It seems that this guy or girl,’ he reflected, ‘would wish to mock at me, or show me his or her  wild spirit, or just get out of his mind.’ 
But when they had gazed at each other and greeted ‘good eve,’ the priest like became serious, and dropped his eyes.
“were it you, who have just laughed?” asked the prophet.
“Yes. But it was not my laughter at you, God forbid,” said ‘priest Benjamin.
“At who did you laugh?”
“At your young pupil, who was hiding around.” 
“God will curse Gehazi again,” said Elisha angrily,“I thought that you just laughed naughtily. It would happen to teenagers…they giggle even unwillingly, stupidly, sillyly.. “ Now he smiled. “But you are grown up, aren’t you?”  
“I have arrived here, with a hunger to listen to your flashing diamond or pearl words, dear prophet.”
“I wish I had known better, why I have become eager to see you,” said Elisha, “I have a strange feeling while you are not looking at me. It’s not like a regular person would gaze at his friend, nor at a renowned prophet like me. Your look is shrap, like a tiger’s glimpse following its hunt. I was once in the forest of Ephraim, and saw such a scaring stare at me…It was a flash of a hunter. My life was in its paws, that in a minute they would grip on me and tear me down…”
“Oh,” the flower priest just said, “Sorry, if you have really such a feeling…”  
 “But maybe – the tiger’s paws will let me down… who knows. It will retreat with a folded tail, like a dog who’d barked and  calmed.”
“Do you fear from becoming friendly with a priest, who believes that there is nothing wrong with that Ox - Calf Statue?”
“Yes, I fear that. But I must admit that I’m attracted to talk with you, sir. Despit my feeling that your stare at me - would try to conquer my heart. I can’t explain that exactly…You have marvellous green blue eyes, that flicker like the precious stones in the High Priest’s Efod(priestly holy vest) in Jerusalem. They would remind me the eyes of my great teacher Elija, that God had taken.”
“Can you tell me about the marvellous deeds, that you have learned from him?…how to make them come? What prayer to say, how to request God to create them?” – saying that, Bat Gad approached the prophet very closely. Elisha had a strange sensation of a delicate bliss, together with a hard impetus to disconnect, derived from his mind. He was frightened to the thought that in himself would nestle a demonic impetus to have an intercourse with a male, would he be a sacred priest or a monk or a peddlar.
“Do you feel a different man, prophet Elisha - while I stand so close to you?” the priest dared to ask. 
“I feel that I can learn from you a lot. To fascinate people. Because when I face the public and harangue- I have a great fear that my words won’t be effective. That the mob will not understand the exact meaning of my preach. That they would be like an arrow which missed its target.”
“Even if your listeners hear only an echo of what you’d say,” said the priest, “you have fulfilled your mission, imposed on you by God. Isn’t it so? That’s my point of view.”
“I have become powerless to impress the multitudes by my words. And sometime  I am sick of my mission. But God won’t let me resign.”
“So, you suffer from a severe malady,” said the flower priest and again stared at Elisha, checking his bald, round and big head. It was hardly flashing in the weak moonlight, which was dimming the sky and the earth at that time of  “quarter month of the Hebrew date.,” (That is the time of  Pentecost holiday, 50 days after Jewish Passover). The priest was feeling that Elisha’s eyes were burning from a spiritual hunger, from a solitary way of life, from fasting for the sake of the people’s redmption. From a clear knowledge that the future will surely be grim, and God is not  a spendthrift, even to his extreme worshippers and ardent lovers. 
“You seem to me quite innocent and … almost childish,” said the young priest, “Excuse me for saying a phrase like that. God has created Goodness together with Vileness. They are mixed, and He demands us to separate them from each other. Many times our hands are too short.”
“Wonderfully right,” said the Prophet. 
“I have never befriended men - zealous to God and to his great name,” said the youth, “because I am a priest. Ha ha. A priest would compromise with real life. Ha!”
“Why do you laugh? It seems that you are frivolous, wanton, light minded. You seek flesh pleasures, I recognize men like you. You are too young to understand the way of God. But when you grow up- you will tackle with God’s strong hand. It might educate you a little, before it will shake you, like a town in an earthquake.”
“Shake me, and maybe break me. So what?” He laughed again.
“I like slight laughter, only when  it would calm frustration and melt hard grief.”
“I like smiling – in whatever circumstances. Like many other things, that cause me pleasure!”  The priest almost howled and grimaced his face.
“Ýou like perfumes, too!” shouted the Prophet, who suddenly was smelling the delicate body ointment of olive liquid mixed with roses water, that the priest had surely smeared his body with. He just realized what had bothered him in the nice looking youth, flattering his inner intimate limbs and rolling his testicles balls in an intrinsic sound. He was feeling like close to swoon.     
“You know?” He told the youth, “Once I came to visit Ashera celebrations, for curiosity sake. I danced under the oak trees on Mount Carmel. It was under the order of my teacher Elija, who wanted to let me learn why the youths would be so attracted by those games of the flesh…’
Elisha became sad. He almost cried from pain, while he told that. He reflected that now would be torn the slight thread that still connected both of them. 
“Your boy-servant told me,” said the Priest, “that you’d like to talk to me on God’s religion. I thank you for what you have taught me in these precious moments. Oh, I don’t pretend to believe in God, I don’t. I’ve smeared myself in perfumes and in Myrr ointment - for your sake, too. Now you’ll know my truth!” Saying that, Bat Gad opened her white cotton robe and showed her naked apple breasts to Elisha. He was not completely surprised. He had expected that cautious talk, and the gradual  exposure of her flesh, just like it had happened. But he bolted on her, quickly gathered her two robe’s wings back, and covered her face with kisses.
“You … you release me from my self-arrest, maid. I am sinful like you, and I don’t care that you mock at me. I …am frustrated by God and perplexed by you,  daughter of Gad. You are my luck now. So tells me God.”
“If you know more about me,” she said, “maybe you’ll think otherwise.”
“No,” he was so excited about his success with this charming maid, that he could not yet think about her seducing him. 
“Yes, that’s my name,” she said, “Bat Gad, Idol of luck. It’s mentioned as one that had been worshipped in the time of Jacob, our forefather.”
“Had I known,” he suddenly was reflecting loudly, “had I known if the Lady inside me…the Satanic woman, who appeared outside of me in the shape of Jezebel - will collide –and crash together, I wouldn’t mind. All will happen by God…” He breathed heavily.
“Why d’you mix me with Jezebel?” asked Bat Gad.
“You both  - are one. God has whispered that to me.”
“If you trully think so, then we will depart, dear prophet.”
“No. I have never felt happy like now. I am ready that he‘ll kill me at the end of our love affair. I can’t explain that even to myself…I became to be ardently in love with the twists of your body, with the curves and roundness of any of your limbs, I am hungry to bite your flesh, your sweet liquids that stream into my soul. Don’t forsake me, please.” He almost cried, and she said:
“Even if you sin  to him…with me, there had been far more heavy sinners than you in Israel. You have read about King David…So, cheer up, man.”
“Does the Chief  Priest know…about your pretentious manhood.?”
“No. I would say that  he has no notion about my disguised femininity.” 
They both laughed and kissed again and again. He was trembling from joy and she tried to play the sobbing too:
“You should know, dear Prophet, that only a month ago I have been widowed. My husband was  killed by Aram. “
“God will have mercy on his soul,” he said. “Now I see, that you don’t seem so happy…You have felt and seen much sadness in life.”
“Perhaps,” she said, and he saw her weep. “Though I am filled now with a feeling of felicity, that I have not felt for long…But you have to know, that my man has to prove constantly – that he adores me, and really loves me…”
“Of course…Now tell me how have you joind the group of priests?” asked Elisha, “Haven’t the Chief priest inquired about you, before he let you join his group of flower priests?  Have you bribed somebody, to buy that status of a priest?” 
She nodded, and he kissed her.
“I understand,” he said, “ that you have decided to become a priest, in order to be closer to God?”
“Of course,” she said and they kissed again, “what would have been my alternative? To be a homeless tramp? Become a whore? I could not bear that idea. God hates women, who sell their bodies. Not me, ever!”
They were already walking toward her house. Gehazi followed them like a shadow. He became jealous, that his ugly master had fascinated such a beautiful and mysterious young woman. 
Bat Gad turned to her hut, provided to her by Gera, Jezebel’s chief secret police. Elisha thought she had lived there with her deceased husband, and did not inquire.

As stated previously in this novel - Gehazi wrote this story about Elisha and Bat Gad after his leprosy had worsened. Then he became isolated in the lepers’ asylum in Samaria, and had met there the four lepers who had told him about their rescue from the famine while Samaria  was  besieged  by  Aram. But  King Joram soon saw that a miracle had happened: Aram suddenly stopped the siege and left north Israel’s capital…
Gehazi added the tale about Elisha’s love to Bat Gad -  to the other tales  he had written. The Bible’s editors refused to include that in their holy scriptures.
 ‘If the famous miracles’ maker Elisha was such a sinner,’ they thought, ‘then he had been a liar-prophet, like most of the prophets at ancient time. Their words were refuted not long after propehsizing. Elisha, however, had been a truth teller: Israel’s people suffered much in his own era, and after about seventy years- all were sent into exile by the Asyrians, and only Judea had remained…So, we should  omit the doubtful description of that marvellous prophet as an ugly sinner. Because no truthful prophet of God could  behave like that, having a whore as his wife.   
That was not true at all! The Bible’s editors had caused a mischief to poor Gehazi’s script:  Prophet Hosheaa, who lived fifty years afterward, closer to north Israel devastation, was ordered by God to take a whore as a wife, and she had born children to him. He was not sure who had actually been their father, but gave their symbolic names, to promote his prophecies. He was like an advertiser nowdadays, who would sell his soul to Satan for the sake of a sensational promotion…For that reason, we have permitted ourselves to move on and publish Gehazi’s original story. It had been thought abominable, but was as realistic as true as his other stories about his wonderous guide and master, prophet Elisha.     



CHAPTER 7


A month after Bat Gad had been mobilized to the kingdom’s secret police, Jezebel sent a letter to Judea. This time it was to king Ahazia himself. News like the success of Bat Gad to seduce Elisha, would be nice gossip news that would interest to Athaliah, but it had now become marginal. To remind the reader, it happens nowadays much more frequently, that you forget what were the news yesterday…
 Jezebel revealed to king Ahazia-  that her son Joram was in an urgent need of troops. Hazael, king of Aram, succeeded to conquer almost all the trans-Jordan areas. Though he now stopped his fight and agreed to an armistice, she was sure the battles would be soon renewed. . .At the end of the letter, which Ahazia showed to his mother Athaliah – there was her brother’s own handwriting. It was a surprise, as Jezebel wrote he had been in the frontline. He wrote: “I have returned home to Jezerel, being injured by an arrow in my arm. Let’s hope that I’ll be cured and recover very soon. We have excellent physicians and priests here.”
Athaliah suggested that Ahazia would travel to north Israel with a battalion to reinforce Joram’s army. The soldiers would be sent to the northern front, and Ahazia, - the king of Judea, would visit injured Joram. Both will be able to consult thoroughly about the hard situation…
Athaliah suddenly felt,  that a heavy ominous cloud of had shaded the land. Her father Ahab had started to lose small areas to Aram. But now her valiant brother had been severly defeated by the Arameans. They captured many important positions in Golan Heights and beyond the sea of Galilee. Who could see the end of it?
What nobody had dared to imagine was - that a new enemy had suddenly risen in Northern Israel. Jezebel’s struggle with all the prophets and their faithful God believers-  had broken down the army. Now was involved an offficer named Jehu in the internal politics. Jehu was one of the captains who had fought together with Joram in the northern front of Ramoth Gilead. When he saw his king’s severe injury, he decided to initiate a rebel. He was a devoted God believer, and once a disciple of Prophet Elisha, and received a message from him. The Bible describes that as follows:
“So the servant of the prophet went (to the frontier). When he came, the captains of the army were sitting – and he said:  ‘I have a word to you, O’ Captain… Jehu’. And he rose and went into the house and he(the delegate)poured oil on Jehu’s head and said to him: ‘Thus says the Lord: I have anointed you king over the people of the Lord, even on Israel! And you shall strike the house of Ahab- your master, that I may avenge the blood of My servants, the prophets, and the blood of all the servants of the Lord- at the hand of Jezebel…And I’ll cutoff from Ahab every male…and the dogs shall eat Jezebel…” (KINGS2- CHAP.9, 4-10)      
Jehu had a leader’s strong and unrelenting character. He persuaded his battalion quite easily-  to gallop with him toward the center of the country: 
The town of Jezre-el  was the lounge of the royal family for automn and winter seasons. In that time Samaria would become too cool for an aging Lady like Jezebel, having rheumatic limbs and wrecking bones. She had made Jezre-el  a  second  capital of the country, by confiscating a vineyard from the man Navot, in Elija’s time. Elija cursed Ahab and Jezebel for that mischief. Now the time had come for that curse to realizse.             
Jezebel was at that time in Jezre-el, and saw that her son Joram quite recovering. No veins in his arm were hurt, and the arrow’s poison had not been strong enough to kill him. The doctor hoped he would be able to recover and return to the battlefield within a week or two. 
But now he had to face a battle not far from the royal palace. Jehu and his men approached Jezre-el. The sight of the large tower of the town and the townskeepers seen on it-  made Jehus’ men  stop with hesitation. The small high royal mansion had been surrounded by a wall. It had   towers with watchmen, and narrow vertical cracks for archers. King Joram was told by his watchmen, that they discerned “a dust of many horsemen and infantry group approaching.”  Nobody in the palace  knew who they had been. 
Three times Joram sent horsemen to see who had been leading the large group, wrapped by a cloud of dust. Three times his man were detained and forced to join the comers. Then a wise watchmen told worried king Joram: 
“The commander who is driving ahead of them - is driving mad, like Jehu.” 
So, Joram - king of Israel, and Ahazia – his visitor, king of Judea – went out of the town by their chariots, to see what the comers would claim.
“Is it for peace that you’ve come forth?” King  Joram asked Jehu, who had recognized him;  
“What peace?” answered Jehu with a question: “So long as the harlotries of your Mom Jezebel and her witchraft are so many - what peace?”
So, Joram reined up his horses and tried to flee along the fields, after telling his nephew Ahazia: “There is treachery around, O’ Ahaziah! Run away!” 
Joram as well as Ahazia had chariots without any canopy, that could hide the exact body positions of the drivers from Jehu’s arrowshooters. So, while they were escaping-  Jehu drew his bow. He choose first to shoot Joram, sitting in his chariot. From far he pulled the string with full strength. He shot Athaliah’s brother between his two arms. The poisoned arrow went through his heart and he sank in his vehicle. Jehu told his men, that he had taken revenge of Ahab’s crime against Navot, the Israeli citizen of the kingdom, whose vinyard had been confiscated by Jezebel. It was a true fact: She liked to rob and loot the countrymen. She knew that Navot had been faithful to God – that she hated, and the Prophet Elijah, as well as his pupils Elisha- would teach their pupils to remember that social misconduct. God’s believers as well as Idols worshippers in Jehu’s battalion - had hated such vile acts. They justified their commander’s murder of the wicked (and weak) king. 
At first, Judean king Ahaziah succeeded to escape from Jehu’s pursuing fighters. He galloped his horses, leading his chariot back to Jezre-el and at its gate saw three of his men. They decided to leave the city to its defenders, and were riding toward Megiddo. Both Jezre-el and Megiddo are on the  plain broad area of Jezre-el valley, having a hot weather all the year. Poor Ahazia was followed by those three horsemen officers, who had just come back to Jezre-el from the northern front, after having brought their Judean batalion there – to reinforce Joram’s army. They were said to ride with Ahazia back to Jerusalem on that day, but now came Jehu’s sudden rebel... Jehu’s men saw Ahazia’s chariot, and decided to gallop after it. When they arrived near Megiddo – they saw something on the way that made them rejoice: One of chariot’s wheels of Ahazia was broken. It dangled for a while, still  hanging loosely on the chariot’s ax, then made the vehicle crash at the roadside. King Ahazia had fallen from it. In the last moment it seemed like he had succeeded to get out, his teeth bleeding from falling on his face…   
Ahazia’s two escort horseriders were riding beside his chariot, and one in front of it. On the two sides of the way there had been green fields, growing wheat and barley. Not far from there were seen the houses of  the small Isreali ancient town Megiddo, settled on a low hill. (In the new Testament there is a town named Anmmargadon, presumably derived from that name). 
One of the side riders, who saw the king’s carriage copllapse, jumped from his horse. He tried to help the Ahazia by raising him from the hard ground of the way. He pointed on his horse and offered it to Ahazia.  
The king and the riders suddenly heard clear gallop sounds, and saw a group of five horsemen approachung from behind. They knew that those pursuers were Jehu’s rebels. Colored flags which they were grabbing while riding - were waving in the air. An ox symbol was drawn on them, and  under it there was a red script in Hebrew letters: ”Jehu - king”.
Two of the pursuers were faster than the others. They turned their horses straight toward the king and his escorts.  They reached a distance of an arrow shooting  from the chariot, and drew their horses to drive almost in parallel to it, on the field. One of them approached to the left of Ahaziah’s rider-escort, and shouted something, by that drawing his attention. The escort-rider of Ahazia pulled out his sword, and a dual-while-ride had taken place. But another pursuer, who was leading his horse to face the chariot on the other side of the way,  pulled out his bow. He had 
shot very promptly two arrows at the limping king, who had not yet mounted his officer’s horse. 
King Ahazia was now hurt in his back by the arrow, and blood was oozing on his gown. He was stretched out on the ground. His white, golden lined gown, was bleeding. The horse which was harnessed to the chariot had been hurt, too - by  the attackers’ arrows. The Judean officers saw that they were fewer than their enemies, and feared they would be surrounded. So they drove away very fast, leaving their king, not even looking behind. They knew he was bleeding to death, and nothing could save him.
The Judean horseriders succeed to increase the gap between them and their  pursuers, who slowed down, discerning that the king was the man who had fallen. They would be praised for that by Jehu, they thought, ‘and that is what matters’.

The three Judean warriors were riding toward a mountainous slope. The narrow way was leading toward Dotan valley. They knew well how to ride near villages and avoid being seen.  The horses were slowing everytime they were coming to a  dangerous curve. The ways were full of obstacles. The sun had already sunk in the west, and they were still riding. It was summer, and the moonlight and the stars’ winks enabled the tired horseriders to find their way south toward Jerusalem.     
From time to time a voice of a jackal or noice of playing youths raised their tension. They spoke very few words, while driving one after the other on dangerous paths. Their leader, General Abner, was signaling them to stop by raising a hand, if he had become suspicious about some moves around. 
They had found already the Royal Route to the south, and continued to drive on it, hoping that Jehu’s soldiers had not been so many. They assumed correctly, that their enemy had not been so quick to capture the area they now reached. When they passed near Beth El- where the Israeli Calf Temple had been erected - they saw no special tumult there. That was an invisible message, so they understood, that Jehu was still far. Otherwise he would have begun to celebrate a victory over Ahab’s regime..
Abner was desparate about the heavy loss. His king was dead. How would he explain that to the people and the royal family?… But there was no time for mourn nor for a profound consultation about the future. A soldier is used to think about- and solve- the momentry problem. His life is against all odds in so many situations and occurances. Rescue depends on cleverness and luck.  
The riders discerned the extreme houses of  the town Geva, settled on Jerusalem’as northern border. The light of a new day had been beamed beyond the morning clouds. It took them still an hour drive, till they had arrived the borderline between Judea and Northern Israel. 
They were still facing a very narrow passage, and in order to pass it they had to dismount the horses- and walk by foot for a while. After having crossd, leading their horses reins in hands, they re-mounted their horses and were riding again. They were  galloping toward Jerusalem’s suburb, and decided not to ride on the kings’ broad way – choosong to cross narrow paths and areas filled with bushes and small woods around.  
They tried to avoid meeting people, knowing that their weary bodies and weak countenance may make people guess something. A young shepherd, however, who was walking nearby with his small herd – had caught their sight. He was gazing curiously at their shabby, wet from perspiring uniforms, and discerned their severe faces. He wondered to see the weird Philistine helmets that one of them was wearing on his head. As his sheep’s pasture was hided behind some bushes, they had not discerned him: He peeped through the planted fence - after having heard the horses’ gallop.  
The shepherd recognized one of the commanders, General Abner, whose body structure remained athletic though he had become thirty five at that time. His grey trousers were dirty from mud, as they all  had crossed on their way some drainage streams and small pools. Asbner’s cotton shirt had blood stains on it, which were smeared on him while trying  to help the injured  king Ahazia,  unsuccesfully. . . 
It was Abner’s head that was wearing the ornamented blue pigeon-feathers helmet-  emphasizing his high rank. (Some historians said, that such kind of hat had been originally worn by the Philistine hired troops of  king David). The two other officers were younger than Abner, and dressed like him, but instead of feathers’ hats, they wore grey Kafias… All the threee officers were carrying bayonets in their scabbards- and their long swords were hidden in sacks  loaded on their horsebacks.                                    
PART  TWO

CHAPTER 8


The three horseriders arrived to Judea king’s palace. They bound the horses to trees’ trunks, planted in the avenue leading to the gate. They pulled out their swords from the sacks loaded on their horsebacks, inserted them into their scabbbards, and hurried to the palace gate. There they stood, waiting impatiently for the gate to be opened, and then shouting:  ‘Guards, wake up!’
The two gatekeepers recognized them and saluted, but they insisted to have  an order from Lady Athaliah to let them in. She had ordered them, they said, to acknowledge her first – who would like to visit her. 
Commander Abner and another officer pushed the gatekeepers nervously by their elbows. They were hurrying to the front door, and saw one of the gurads rushing from behind. He had shouted even before he began knocking at the palace front door:
“The Guard Kana-el is speaking. Here is Abner, the army commander. He  has an urgent message  to the Lady. Please let him enter.” 
Soon a maid opened the front door, and the officers entered the wide hall of the king’s palace. Four ornamented marble  pillars  were holding the ceiling, made of smoothed planks. The side walls were of pink marble, pasted on rough stones. In three windows, open to the air, were set vertical iron bars, to prevent an easy  penetration to that place. Inside the hall was small table on the left, on which there  was a jar of water and some  fruits put in a colored plate.
The three officers walked to the middle of the hall, and were waiting. 
They suddenly discerned  Athaliah. She rushed into the hall from a wooden back door, that was leading to the roayal living rooms. Her motion seemed very energetic but nervous. She had rich black  hair and long  skirt - with a cleft that exposed her long nice leg and her gold colored sandals. She was wearing golden bracelets on her wrists. 
The two captains who joined Abner had seen her in the past, but never exchanged any words with her. Abner was the only one who had ever spoken to her and was her acquaintant. He thought: ‘if I tell her the truth about her son’s death - she will understand the catastropic situation. But I’ll try to avoid her immediate blame on us.’ 
A copper made fetish snake hanging on the wall, seemed to call Athaliah’s momentary attention. She touched it, slowly caressing it like a sacred talisman. Abner thought that this move was intentional, or just intuitive. Like by that she would intend to postpone her burst of cry and excitement, when she would listen to their story. 
She was suddenly filled in a blend of anger and fear, that she had hardly experienced before.  Her voice tremblrd: 
“Why have you come?” she asked them without a greet, “Where is my son, the king?”
“We have a message, dear Lady Athaliah,” said Abner, and could not hide his lips’ quiver.             
“Yes? What  is it…?”
“Madam,” said Abner, “your son, king Ahaziah, was severely wounded...”
“What? Where?” 
“In a battle… A captain of the Ten Tribes Army- has rebelled against your brother, king Joram. Our King Ahaziah-  was with him.”
“Don’t hide from me anything, General.” Said Athaliah, who had felt that the most terrible had arrived. 
“Dear Lady. We have seen how our beloved king, your son- has fallen.” 
“Oh, Baal. Oh, God! O’ Baal, O’ God!” 
She burst in weeping.  Abner approached her, trying to hold her by the arm.  But she cut off his grip, and just continued to weep aside.  
“We are all so sorry, dear lady.”
“Oh, Merciful God! Oh, my son!” she screamed, but soon stopped – and was just looking at him.  
“The Rebel Jehu,” continued Abner, “did not spare your brother, too.”
“What had dreaded all my life – came down… to break my neck!” Athaliah screamed again.
However, she had suddenly stirred up her throat. Her grey blue eyes’ gaze at the three men became fierce, like a grey ironed dagger. Her voice was clear and decisive.
“What a Shame!  Shame on the Prophets, Shame on the Priests, Shame upon all Israel and Judea! Your shame too!” She pointed on the three commanders, like condemning them. She wiped up her face by her skirt’s sleeve, then turned again to the officers:
“What shall we do now? Tell me with a pure heart:  Will you fight  against that devil— Jehu? I think we must defend our kingdom and our holy Jerusalem. I feel that…north Israel alone - would not be sufficient to that murderer.” 
All nodded and said: “Of course we’ll defend. We will sacrifice ourselves”.
One of the officers, who was of medium height, and the youngest of the three, began to speak eagerly, though Abner’s hand move had tried to sign him remain silent. 
“Lady Athaliah,” he said vehemently, “Before Jehu arrives in our border- we should crown a new king. To lead the war wisely, and unite the  people…”
Abner pointed on the speaker, who was a tall officer. His grey eyes were looking fiecely  and directly into the eyes of Athaliah.  
“This man is Tsuria, your late husband’s second son.”
“Tsuria - has been in the battle with all of us,” said the third officer calmly, “and with our late king, who… we had tried to rescue.” 
Athaliah broke into a sob again, whimpering and mumbling.  
“Our hearts are with you, honorable Lady,” said Abner, “But this officer, king Ahaziah’s brother-in-law, should be annointed as king, even today!” 
“Wait,!” Athaliah like howled, “Why today?  Why all this - now? My son’s blood is still wet…”
“It is in accordance with the inheritance Rules of the kingdom!” said  Abner, “Our time is short like a dagger’s edge.”  
The other officers nodded.  
Athaliah pointed on Tsuria, who saw hatred in her eyes while she shouted:
“The king of this  fellow  has  just been  slaughtered…and he - already thinks  about inheritance!” 
“We have much respect… to you, madam,“ murmured Abner, ”so, you are the first to know about our candidate, and…”. 
“God shall curse...the murderers! God will judge them. ..Enough.  I thank you all for coming, officers.”  She began to weep again. 
Abner tried again to hold her hand, saying:
 “Dear Lady. We should act quickly…” 
Athaliah approached the the back door, indicating she would like to leave.  Abner pursued her, barring the door. 
“Gentlemen, please! Leave me alone.” She tried to push him back. He was confused, and she had intentionally shown her dissatsfaction, and get hold of the reins of their debate.  
Both remained standing at the door, as a man - dressed in a priest’s white gown rushed into the Hall from the front door. Around his forehead was a broad blue bondage-ribbon, covering also some of his front and rear hairs. 
On his gown, by the left side of his chest, there was a square patch. Embroidered on it was a black script in Hebrew letters: ”El-Sha-die”,( that means: “God” in the ancient religion’s terminology).
The priest was named Mathan, and he was about thirty five. He rushed to the Hall’s center. Before anybody tried to react to that intervention, he was already standing adamantly between Athaliah and the officers. Abner recognized him, and nodded to him in a kind of greeting. But Mathan turned to Athaliah and  spoke, breathing heavily:
“I am sorry, Lady…of the terrible message. At dawn’s darkness we had seen a fire signal. It was sent to us from Beth El’s Temple: “Jehu – King”, it said. We’ve understood the disaster. Chief Priest Yehoyada has sent me here. He’s just declared a week of mourning. . . Woe is us!”
“Couldn’t the honorable Chief  Priest,” asked Athaliah,“arrive here personally?” 
“He was in the middle of  the  Temple  morning ceremonies,” apologized  Mathan quite mockingly, “He was sacrificing the daily lambs.” 
Athaliah nervously approached Mathan, and said provocatively. 
“Thanks for so gently selecting your words. We here –however, already deal  with a very different issue.” She pointed on Tsuria, then turned to Abner.
“Tell your thought about …selecting a new king…to this priest !  He is the deputy to High Priest of God.”
“This man, Tsuria,” pointed Abner, “is the brother-in-law of our late King, Ahaziah. And now - he  should become the king. We have to announce it immediately to the People, and annoint him in God’s Temple.” 
“What do you think,” Mathan turned to Athaliah, “about this Claimant of the throne?” 
“I shall let you all know that…only after the funeral of my son,” she turned to the priest and then to Abner. 
“Our sorrow is as doubled, honorable Lady,” said Abner, “The corpse of our beloved  King … could not be reached. It is not in our hands.”
“You, cowards!” screamed Athaliah, “Could not you carry him - from the bloody battlefield?”  
Athaliah kneeled suddenly on the paved floor, at a stoned bench set up not far from the wall. She used it as a symbolic tombstone, to which she was stretching  her arms in a “lament show”. Then she rose, approaching Abner.
“I shall not have a grave to weep upon,  to purify my soul by tears. Oh, God! Oh, Baal...”
“Please, calm down,” said Captain Tsuria.
“Did the king…say something, before he had died?” asked Athaliah, with a sigh. 
“No, madam. I was the last to stay near him,” remarked Abner. 
“Dear Lady, I will gain the faith of the people…if…” said Tsuria. 
Shouts were heard from outside. The officers ran to the window, to look  over the courtyard and to the gate. The Gatekeepers’ Officer and some soldiers were trying to prevent a mob of about twenty people - to enter. The shouts were reiterated. 
Mathan suddenly drew a dagger out of a hidden scabbard, under his long gown. He jumped to Tsuria - and  stabbed  him  three  times in his chest and belly. His  moves were very quick. The astonished officers and Athaliah only balled  their eyes in a shock, as  the kingly claimant Tsuria shouted and collapsed on the floor.  Mathan screamed with every stab:
“Long live the Lord of Justice! Long live the Lord. Long live the Lord!”
Then Mathan trod on Tsuria’s body, crushed it once, and rolled it twice. He gazed at the officers  who  rushed to look at the blood, that oozed on their comrade’s chest.  Abner grabbed Mathan by the elbow and threatened him with his dagger: 
“Away, bloody lunatic!” He said.
“Don’t hurt me!” implored Mathan and disengaged from Abner’s grip, rushing to stand behind Athaliah, “I’ve just killed a pretender, a liar!” 
Athaliah was looking at the body, and approached it.
“Is he really dead?” she asked. Mathan turned to the corpse, still holding  the  red  
 dagger.
“Forget your crown,” he shouted, “villain of the town!” 
Abner and the other officer – bent down and tried to inspect the crown claimant’s body. Abner picked out a feather out of his helmet- and put it close to the stabbed officer’s nose.  The other officer tried to expose the wounds, by removing a part of the victim’s shirt. He saw it was a hopeless case. 
“No sign of life,” murmured Abner, and turned furiously to priest Mathan, “You, murderer!  Why have you killed this innocent officer? We’ll bring you to justice!” 
“This honorable innocent youth,” answered Mathan, gazing at Athaliah, “had cheated you and Lady Athaliah:  He was not a lawful offspring of king David’s dynasty. His mother’s adultery was well known.”
“We know that he was a son of the old king Jehoram,” Abner pointed on Athaliah, “her husband! From his second wife, Ady-ia.”  
“We, priests,” said Mathan calmly, “know better than anyone... who had been a bastard.” 
“If there had been such rumors,” said Abner, “we, his comrades- would have known!”
Athaliah was turning aside toward the wall. Her lips were slashed, then trembled  in a short nervous smile to herself. Her eyes returned to gaze at the officers.
“Hear, men – what the holy priest says. Not me!” 
“You are a murderer,” Abner scorned again Mathan, grabbed him by the wrist, and his comrade clapped Mathan’s palm and made his dagger fall down on the floor. He bent down and raised it, grabbing it in his hand.
“We should set you in custody.” said Abner, and he and the other officer tried to grab Mathan - but Athaliah suddenly came nearby. Her sudden ‘swooning collapse’ helped the priest to snatch his elbows from their grip, as the two officers bolted toward her. Mathan ran away. 
The two officers whispered something to each other, and then Abner turned to Athaliah who was lying prostrate. 
“Are you well, lady?” he asked, and saw her rising slowly on her feet.
“We are all very tired,” said Abner, more to himself than to her, “we shall take hold of him later. Justice should prevail …I shall ride home, madam. We have not slept for two nights. See you tomorrow, dear lady.”
He pointed on the corpse: “I’ll give orders to the guards, to take him out.”  
He was leaving with his captain. Athaliah opened the door, leading to her bedroom. Soon two soldiers arrived. 
They washed the floor and took away the dead corpse of officer Tsuria. 
Athalia burst in a continual sob. It was mixed with  a lament that she had learnt in her youth:
“Oh, Ba-al, I cry for you, /I cry, please answer me./
Hear me, Ba-al, listen mighty God! / Let thy flames fall - and extirpate thy foes. 
Let me, Ba-al, be a fire of venom / over the valley of Ben Hinom.”
(This lyrics was adapted  from lyrics of  oratorio ‘Elija’ by  famous composer Mendelson. Valley of Ben Hinom is Geyhinom, the Hebrew word for hell).
While the two officers were leaving the palace, they saw that the crowd at the gate had been still in tumult. They were headed by the young handsome prophet. He was about twenty two. His name was Joseph, and his beard was only beginning to grow up. He was holding a scroll in one hand, and in the other there was a shepherd staff, which he was waving in the air. He  was like speaking very  personally and fervently to the  gatekeepers, who avoided his entry.
“Please, let us in. We should know what had happens here…”
As he saw Abner, he turned to him:
“Commander, please! What news have you brought to the king’s mother?” 
Abner pushed him back fiercely, and he and the other officer soon mounted their horses and galloped. The guards became furious. They pulled out their swords- and threatened the crowd, which was still pushing forward to enter the gate. 
One of the guards embraced very desirably the hips of a young woman, shortly dressed- by her arm. He tried to eventually kiss her, but she slapped him, soon joining  the rest of her young friends. They all soon withdrew from the area, headed by the Prophet.  
An hour later, tens of people were  re-gathering at  the path near the palace Gate. The Gatekeepers  fiercely  refused to let them in. Some demonstraitors began to shouting, waving with their fists.
Suddenly the crowd stopped arguing, having discerned three Flower Priests. They came from the town-center direction, dressed with their regular cotton robes. 
Walking quickly and drawing the crowd aside, they were calling loudly to the people who pushed each other: 
“Clear the way! Let the High Priest of God enter! Clear the way!!” 
High Priest Yehoyada, who followed them, was a man  about  thirty three. He was  dressed in white, wearing a high ‘turban’ on his head. His  wife Yehoshava joined  him, severe faced. She was   dressed  in black. The  people around  discerned that  her fingers  wiping her wet nose and tearful eyes by her handkerchief.
“Do you know who’s the lady?” a citizen asked his friend.
“Yes, She is Yehosheva, our dead king’s only sister. She’s the wife of our High Priest.” 
“If so- she is fit to be our Queen, I say,” said another.  
 “No, no. The holy scriptures tell us: ‘You can make a KING to reign you’. It just means: never ever a Queen!” 
The High Priest was permitted by the gatekeepers to pass with his wife. Some greeted them, but the couple were silent and their faces remained sore. 
A moment before Athaliah had been looking from her window outside, while her maid brought her a long dark dress and was helping her to wear it.  She had seen the large mob, and turned around.
“I don’t need this mob,” she said, like contemplating, “Why had they they come? To help me in my mourning?…Who had invited those people?” she scorned her maid, who retreated from her in dread and ran to the front door, aftre she had heard a knock.
As she opened, Yehoyada and his wife entered. When daughter Yehosheva saw her mother, her sob strengthened. They approached each other, and Athaliah – also weeping, was grasping her daughter to her bosom.
Athaliah told the couple what she had heard from the officers. The High Priest began murmering a prayer from a Psalms scroll, that he had brought.

An hour later the paved palace Guests’ Hall was filledl with people. Soon two servants brought a small wooden stage to the Hall center. The high Priest climbed it, indicating Flower Priests to hush the public. Yehoshaeva whispered to her mother to approach to priest and stand at his right, while she came to stay at his left. Silence had come down on the people gathering here, as the High Priest began speach: 
“Dear countrymen! Woe to us. We mourn the death of our king Ahazia. He was killed by a murderer called Jehu, a rebel who now threatens also our own country, Judea- and holy Jerusalem! It’s God’s warning: We should  worship only Him, and fight for our Holy City and Temple against that atrocious monster, who had declared himself new king of the ten tribes of  Israel.” 
He finshed his speech abruptly, and indicated his wife to speak.
“The rebel Jehu wants to annihilate our both royal dynasties - of the late King Ahab in northern Israel, and of king David in Judea. We should not be intimidated by him, nor allow him to invade to our borders.” 
Athaliah was impatient to hold her speech. She indicated her daughter  to change places with her. Then she walked straight to the stage center and waved with her hands toward the crowd. Some applauded her, though she had sent her hand forward – as trying to sign them stop their noise and become silent.
“Dear people of Judea!” she tried to speak with self confidence, as a ruler reporting to his people,”We have just been informed that the murderer Jehu – had already started to lead some of his his troops toward our northern border. They will be soon threatening to conquer our land!  We shall not surrender.”
“In God’s will - we shall fight and win!” declared the High Priest.
 “In God’s will, yes,” said Athalia, quite challenging her son-in-law, “And whoever of you believes, like me – also in the idol Baal - will say: In Baal’s will.” 
A tumult of excitement burst from the crowd. Offenses against the Idols were heard, as well as a ‘counter fight’ defamations of God.
“Mother, enough,” whispered Yehoasheva angrily to her mother, “This is a Memorial Ceremoy. You should  respect our God’s religion, and not cause a split in these critical hours.” 
“The hell with you, God believers!” shouted Athaliah at her,”We have also Baal worshippers here, among the crowd. They had come to condole me, as others had come to condole you.”   
She left the the little stage in a protest, while the tumult around was growing.  
Many shouts were heard, and Yehoyada rushed after Athaliah and grabbed her sleeve. He was speaking to her something in a low tone.
Athaliah got into the palace entry. She was applauded by some idols’ worshippers, and Yehoyada, whom she refused to listen to -  walked back toward the stage. He waved his hands, indicating his disciples, young Flower Priests, who had gathered around, to return the order in the area by force.
“Let’s not blame our late king’s mother,”  he told his crowd,  “She has spoken out of her bitter heart, and her deep grief. Let us all pray now and beg the Lords’ mercy.” 
He waved with the small scroll he had brought with him, unfolded it and began  reading:.
“Thou shall love God with all your heart and your soul”. 
The crowd repeated like an excited choir these words: ‘Thou shalt love God…” 

Evening dusk had already colored the sky in red sunset light in the west of small Jerusalem. Mathan was walking near the palace, outside its courtyard. He was like bending, as the wooden ladder that he grabbed in hands was quite heavy. ‘I have a tall figure a little,’ he thought, trying to avoid exposure in the area, ‘and I should fold myself, while I climb and then jump over the fence.’ 
He was dressed differently than before: His arms were bare, and his developed muscles were seen quite swollen in his short shirt. On his right arm there was a tatoo of a naked woman. Her belly and breast were surrounded by a serpent, her hand holding it by the throat.
Mathan leaned the ladder on the live bush fence, that surrounded the courtyard. He began climbing it in order to cross over it into the coutyard: His sandals’ clicked while they had already treaded the hard pavement.
At that time of the evening, the nice maidservant of Athaliah was permitted by her mistress to refresh from her hard work. She was strolling outside the palace, singing to herself. She had known that her mistreess had tried to fall asleep, after the hard time she was having. Athaliah had only succeeded to slumber, being so numb with grief. . . 
Mathan walked cautiously and unheard behind the maid. He scared her by touching her shoulder from behind. She screamed from dread. He spoke to her calmly and gently, to cool her nerves: “Please, tell your mistress - that Mathan is here. You’ve seen me in the morning, I presume.”
“Yes,” said the maid, “but I guess she’s asleep at last, after the painful event.  I won’t wake her.”
“she has to know it’s me, the priest. She will surely be ready to meet me. Take this coin,” He bribed the maid with a golden coin, that she had put in her pocket with trembling fingers. She had never seen in her life such coins.
Athaliah, however, could only slumber. She was still numb with grief. Now the maid dared to walk cautiously inside the palace, and peep to her bedroom. 
The slight sandals’ rustling of the maid was heard by her mistress, who called her name loudly: “Reuma?” 
“Yes, It’s me,” the maid said.
“Has somebody spoken to you?” asked Athaliah, “I seemed to hear your  voices.”
The maid told her it was Mathan. Athaliah ordered her to let him enter her bedroom, as she rose from her bed. She was seated on a chair thereby and waited. 
Mathan was a smart male. He knew that a bereaved mother would permit a man, almost a stranger, to enter her most intimate territory, if she is in a pressuring need of him.   
When he came in -  he saw a relatively modest womanish bedroom. Sheep’s wool
carpets were covering the floor, and the furniture included straw chairs, a wardrobe with two drawers, (maybe for cosmetics of those days) a wardrobe for the Lady’s dresses, and a wide wooden bed, that its matresse was certainly made of cotton cloth cover filled with light straw. 
Athaliah rose up and was already facing Mathan - who was bowing to her respecfully, once and twice. 
“Thank you, lady… for your permission to see again your graceful face,” he said. 
“Thank you for coming again, welcome,” she answered, resolutely.
“This morning I have acted by my own…decision. I hope you’re aware of that, gracious Lady.”
“Well aware!  As I’m well aware – that now…you are  n o t  dressed like a God’s priest.”  
“Not any more!” said Mathan.
“What d’you mean? You look now more like -  a magician. Are you?” 
“Since my childhood I wanted to work out miracles and marvels and all kinds of wizard games. But the prophet, who’s educated me- was against that.”
“So, instead of a wizard - he has made of you - a Priest of God....”
“Yes…” he smiled grimly, “But you should know, that secretely I have continued to adore the Baal idol… Because his  priests interpret events on earth- also as a result of the stars positions on the sky!” He went to the small window and discerned some big flickering star. He asked her if she knew that it might be hers, or her sign and indication. 
“Interesting,” she said, “Let’s get out –  and you’ll show me what you know. Maybe teach me one day the meaning of some secret signs?”
He felt that she had been looking at him with affection. Both crossed the wide Hall, walking to the entry door, and got out to the courtyard.  
Now Athaliah and Mathan were gazing at the stars. There were myriads. The evening’s sky was very bright at those nights, no pollution smoke clouded the sky, nor earthly electric lights illumminated the air like nowadays - and by that preventing the stars from being brightly seen. 
“The sky, I say,” said Matan, “is like a blackboard, that the gods write their plans on it with the flashing stars.”
“Well, what message have the stars for me tonight?” asked Athaliah straightly, “A woman with a dead family – with terrible thoughts, and vague future?”
“Don’t say so. It’ll all become clear. We’ll together have a look - on the eastern side of the sky. From there would come our message.” 
Mathan was lightly touching Athaliah’s right hand. He delicately raised it toward the sky. She had not shown any resistance to that move, and  both were looking up. She was feeling his muscles and liked their touch at her.
“Look at a group of bright stars,” said Mathan, “in the east south –  very sparkling. Like they are a separate and very special group, an irregular one…”
“Yes – I see something,” told him Athaliah, “and I’ll pray in a whisper to Baal.”
The Fantastic Vision she saw - was a GROUP OF BRIGHT STARS ON SKY- in the following shape:
*           *          *
    *    *    *   * 
       * * * * *   
It seemed to her that a light line was suddenly running from the left angle of the above geometric structure- downward and then upward, shaping a CROWN. 
Priest Mathan heard Athaliah’s cry from excitement:
“I see a crown!” she said.
“Not in vain,” said Mathan, “I have killed the crown Claimant  this morning, dear Queen!”
“Have you called me: Queen!?” Athaliah jumped from joy and fell into the priest’s arms, “Do you really want it to happen, dear Baal worshiper and astrologist?”
Mathan was feeling her touch of his arms by both her hands. She was looking into his eyes, a strange expression on her face .      
“I envy the high priest of God,” said Mathan to her, “Yehoyada has got his position so easy: By a marriage to the old king’s daughter!  
“My daughter!” said Athaliah, “Yehosheva.” 
“Honorable Queen: Like Yehoyada had been nominated – y o u  can also bless me with a similar...nomination.”
Mathan was kissing Athaliah’s palm on the upper side, and she was smiling.
“I have an idea!” she said.
Mathan was looking deep into her eyes, and said:
“Dear Queen, like you- I am also desperate from what God of Judea and Israel has done, to our king, to your family, to all our people.”
Athaliah was moving both her hands in front of her. She dangled her palms, like weighing some material goods by that.
“Well. In my First step as a Queen,” she said, “I shall  publicly announce a dual Religion in Judea: Of ancient God of Israel-  and of Phoeniocian idols Baal and Ashera.”
“Baal- and Ashera!” said Mathan, and kneeled befoe Athaliah,  theatrically,
“Yuu’ll nominate me as their Chief Priest? You can do that, Queen!”
“I shall,” said Athaliah..
“I am so grateful, my Queen.” 
Mathan rose on his feet and was looking again at the stars. He took Athaliah’s hand again in his hand, and  pointed above- far away on the sky.
There began a vision of STARS FALLING, CLOSE TO THE HORIZON LINE: Many asteroids were droppng, pulling down short lighted tails behind them.  
“These are... torches- aren’t they?” asked Athaliah. 
“You should interpret what they mean,  dear Queen,” said Mathan. He  raised his hand and held her palm in his.
“You- Mathan, should use burning torches in my service. This is what we’ve seen. Use also poison: it never hurts the poisoner.Wait here, I‘ll just take something.” 
She entered the palace hall and went to a small store in a side wall. Then she came back outside, bringing a burning lantern, which was in those days a ceramic small jug filled with oil, that would burn by putting into it cotton threads, that would burn slowly.
She gave her hand to Mathan, like they were both children. They walked  toward a little half-sized door in the edge of the paved courtyard. It was leading to narrow stairs. Athaliah was breathing soundly in the darkness, and praised the fresh air which was up there. They came to a second floor of the palace, which included only one balcony. It  was a square plain area covered by a light wooden roof. The breeze wind was waving freely from the north-west, its regular Jerusalemite direction.    
Athaliah and  Mathan  were  both  standing  at the balcony, leaning on the wooden balustrade, looking around, vewing the nightly scenery of southern Jerusalem. 
Lights were flashing from over the dark mountains. Some were flickering and some extinguish suddenly. Athaliah was meditating for about two minutes in silence. Then she pointed to the center of the mountains’ dark silhuoette.
“Watch those lights there carefully,” she declared, “They mainly come out from two villages.”
“We see courtyards and houses,” said Mathan, “illuminated by oil lamps and candles. Perhaps – out of the villages we see shepherds’ fires, that they lit to warm themselves... They   may also cook something on a stone stove. I come from such a place, from the village of Anatoth.” 
“Still tonight,” she said, “you should rush over there, with torches!” she said that in a commanding voice, without any pretence of being sociable any more with him. 
“I can’t go there alone!” he protested, “Think about that, Queen.”
“Don’t worry for your soul. It’s now in my hands, Priest. Take with you whoever  you  need; but  of course - keep it top secret.” 
 Athaliah pulled out a small leather wallet from her dress’ pocket. She  had opened it and dropped a few golden coins to her second  palm, and puts them back. Mathan’s eyes followed her movements. He knew that she had prepared that before. 
“Take this.” She ordered, “It had  belonged  to my husband, late King Joram... Do  your job very quickly and cautiously.” 
She pointed to the village on the left, far away. 
“Who is dwelling there?” asked Mathan, who had begun to understood her plot.  
“The other sons of my late husband… They were born to his third wife.”
“Every order will be fulfilled, my Queen. We’ll deal with all, including sons born to concubines.”
Athaliah nodded, and began to descend back to the first floor. 
“That’s what I had intended to order you to do next,” she said. They were both already in the big Hall. She walked toward the ornamented copper snake hanging on the wall. 
“Great Moses had such a snake,” she said,  “you know that, ex-God’s priest, Mathan. Moses needed that snake, for making miracles or for soothsaying. I am purely enjoying it as a fine arts, per se.”
“Shall I bring here some of the would-be-heirs?” asked Mathan, speaking very concretly . 
“that’s a good idea,” she said in sarcasm,  “Just for my  check-up, eh? Ha, ha!”
Athaliah approached Mathan and touched his arm, then stretched her nice hand with a gold bracelet on it. She was caressing mathan’s hair, then stretched her hand and touched his. He grabbed it, kissed her fingers, and turned toward the front door. 
“It was a fruitful night, let me say…” she said, and he turned his face back. “Are you married, dear priest?” Athaliah asked.  
He shook his head : no. She was satisfied, but added:
“No time for women, eh? Or d’you love men? Or principally a monk? Ha ha…Priests are allowed to marry in Israel and Judea, as well as in Tsydon, my Mom’s native town. In  Egypt they marry their sisters, I heard. Or the kings do that, I don’t remember. Ah! The king is also the High priest!”  
She smiled and waved with her hand to indicate he could leave now.
 He wondered if she would care for him. He should execute that dangerous task. ‘I hope for the best to come,’ he reflected. ‘She does not know that a poor priest in this kingdom may break his head, if he would wish to raise a family in relatively good living conditions. I was sneaking once a month to an Idols’ whore near Beth El. Half of my poor salary, deriving from peoples’ bringing the tenth part of their income- was spent on her. . . She had a nice hiding place, a cave under a small cedar tree, brought from Lebanon by old king Solomon, so they say.’       



CHAPTER 9


A group of five horseriders, with covered faces and torches in hands – was slowly moving on a small path. It was an evening hour. They were crossing heavy bushes that surrounded  the small town of Mareisha. Having arrived to the houses’ settled area, their commander, Mathan, counted five houses from the bare hill on left side of the small town. He pointed on an average sized hut, hiding behind a few thick olive and fig trees. The riders dismounted, but still remained staying there behind bushes, taking care of their horses and looking around from their shelter.
Mathan was dressed as a peasant, and he removed the mask from his is face, unlike the others. He gave the reins of his horse to another horserider, and walked toward the hut, opened its unlocked gate and cautiously stepped at the courtyard’s path. He approachd the front door and knocked twice on it. 
A woman opened, barring the entry with her obese body.
“Good evening, lady,” he said politely, “I’m looking for the house of Yesheivav Ben Joram.”
“It’s here.  I’m his wife. He’s fallen asleep…Who are you?”
“They call me : Bo-az  Ha-tim-ni.  Your man owes me some money.  But...- don’t wake him up. I’ll come another time.”
“Wait, sir,” she said, “I’ll get a look. Perhaps he’d taken a slight slumber only…”
Matham moved out, not waiting for the result, sleep or slumber. 
He closed cautiously the entry door and ran toward the gate. He soon met his four men, who were impatiently waiting behind the bushes.
He whistled twice, their agreed sign. They gathered around him, set fire in the torches they had brought with them. All raised their burning woods in the air, ready to attack. 
Mathan masked his face with a  black rug, like the others. Only his eyes were exposed, as his head was covered by a broad kerchief... He pointed on the hut’s direction, indicating the men to enter it from both sides -  by curving his both hands like they were tongs .
Mathan penetrated the back entry to the house. He opened the door and illuminated the area by his torch and knew he had arrived to a bedroom. From the other side of the house – a voice of screaming women and a child had been heard in the darkness. Mathan found himself facing  a thick bearded man of forty, who had already risen from his bed, but his eyes were still winking from the sudden torch light. The man mumbled and Mathan stabbed him by his spear. As he had fallen on the floor- Mathan tread his body, rolling it . Then he bent above it and waved a feather over his nose. It had not  moved. 
The four corners of the wooden cottage were now on fire. Enormous  flames  were  bursting from the windows. The man and his wife and kid had been on fire, and the smell of burning bodies, mixed with smoking straw matrtesses and other furnitures - caused the attackers to breath heavily. 
Soon the incendiaries were running back to their horses. They discerned that all the area had become illuminated by the fire’s light.  Mathan  whispered shortly to his hired folks: ‘Well done’, while they had already been on their rwo horsebacks and two ‘porters-donkeys’. He seperated the men into two groups, himself leading one of them. There were torch-holders in each group, and he told a masked man, called Nimrod- to turn with one of his colleagues to the town Lakhish, which was in the far southern part of the area. 
“There you should do the same job, that we’ve done here,” he said, “Kill Tsefania, the non- bastard son of king Jehoram, from his concubine Bosmath. Baal and God bless you, sirs.” 
Mathan led his little group – three people, including himself- back to Jerusalem. They entered the town’s gate after midnight, and the gatekeepers had not asked anything, having recognized the priest. He soon dismissed his men. He himself continued riding straight to Athaliah’s palace. He knew that two other groups of his hired men should have already brought there valueable prisoners. 
He entered the palace hall  and turned  to the stairs, leading to the basement. It was a large wines store. Some sheepskins and green glass jugs, filled with old sharp liquids, were put on wooden racks. Those were set up on planed stones seen in the corners. 
The dim light that came out from Mathan’s burning torch, prevented his eyes to differentiate between blood, that had already been shed there, and red wine poured on the floor. Nearby on the floor was lying Athaliah. She was drunk as Lot, the Nephew of Abraham, screaming noisly on whoever had been in her presence.
Next to her he soon discerned five or six men. Three of them were moaning while dying from stabs or stones, that had apparently broken their heads. The others, still alive, had their eyes bound with black cloths, and their hands and feet arrested by ropes or chains.
Mathan walked between them, and two or three times his shoe treaded -unintentionally - an arm or foot of the dying or living ones. Loud cries from pains and horror were breaking there, filling the dense air.
Mathan soon became used to the dim light and deadly sight. Now he saw Athaliah moving, then rising to face one of the cellar’s corners. Her hair was uncombed. On her head she was already wearing a golden crown. 
Then he discerned her turning around. Her swinging body approached the chained persons lying on the floor. Her terrified balled eyes were gazing at them. 
Mathan saw now that she was grabbing a spear in her right hand. From time to time she was waving it in the air, calling: “flip-flop, flip-flop”.  
Three good-looking soldiers, from the palace gate keepers, were stepping at her sides. She turned to one of them, indicating him to stab a prisoner who was lying nearby, his face turned to the wall, waving his hand and moaning loudly. After having given the murderous order, Athaliah retreated alone back to the corner, turning her head to the wall.
Mathan rushed to a prisoner, at whom a soldier was kneeling, but he still had not been hurt. The priest  pushed the spear-holder aside, and shouted: “What are you doing, soldier?”
“The queen had ordered me…Haven’t heard?” said the soldier, who recognized Mathan..
“The hell with you!” shouted Mathan, “go and call her back . . I will explain to her.  That  massacre should stop…”
He was  kneeling near the man, whose lips trembled and his wounded arm was bandaged, but blood still was shedding from there. Mathan recognized  the victim as his friend from the far past.  
“Is that you, Shovy?” he asked the wounded man, who shook his head and murmured:.
“Save me, Mathan. I was your best friend. We have learned together in Priest Samuel’s class. Remember?  I have saved your life once…”  
Mathan put off the old rug that wrapped his ex-friend’s arm,  put off  his own shirt and was wrapping his friend’s stabbed arm with it very tightly.  
Athaliah turned her head again to the room’s center. From distance she  saw that Mathan was staying too much with the man, that she had just ordered to be killed. She called her two guards, who surrounded her, and sent them to threate Mathan. 
“Go away from here, Baal’s Priest,” said one of them, “Let’s do our job…peacefully.” 
“No, wait with this man.” he answered.  Athaliah approached him slowly with a reproacful glimpse. Her mouth was smelling from the sharp apple spirit liquid she had drunk. The soldiers surrounded him. They were  waiting for the queen’s order.
“Why d’you disturb my soldiers from doing their jobs?” she scorned him, “Had  I disturbed you from extinguishing the souls of others? Some of them …were once most distinguished and respectable offsprings - of an extraordinary dynasty. Haaa?”   
“Your Majesty,”  Matahn kneeled before her and implored in a mild voice, “I really cannot bear the sight of this particular man, begging for his life. He is an old friend of mine. Please, spare him! He is only a second  cousine of the immediate- maybe- crown claimants.” 
”The hell with you!” she treaded the man, who was still lying there. Then she kicked him by his ass in hatred.
“Please, Queen. Once he had rescued my life. I can’t be indifferent to him.”
“You coward, Mathan! You can’t slip away from me! Now Your hand will kill him!- Or my disdaining hand will split out your brain here, in this stinking cellar!”  
Mathan prostrated himself before her, touched her shoe and kissed it. She did not move. He rose up, and looked at her strangely. 
“Dear Queen,” he said, feeling that his fright from her had suddenly passed away, “Your generosity will only strengthen your regime. People will appreciate you as strong- if you show mercy to somebody. Hear me well, dear Queen.” 
“I think the opposite!” she scolded at him, “You have risen up, to show me that you are my equal. Villain Mathan! I have a queer impetus to harm you, to humiliate your boastful nature. You had just demonstrated it to me. Kneel again on the floor, fool!”
She threatened him by her spear, and pointesd on him to one of her soldiers. 
“If he resists me again – stab him,” she ordered. Then she came behind Mathan and kicked his ass on both sides by her shoes. She faced him again, and ordered him to rise up. She handed her spear to him, pointing on the man lying on the floor.
“Execute your task. Finish quickly. It is already dawn time. I have still to see other brave men - that I myself have hired directly…I haven’t hired you. You are my slave. However, I need you much more than a regular one, Don’t I?” 
Athaliah indicated her guards to stab the prisoner. Mathan refused to see him being murdered, and rushed to an opposite corner. He heard his screamed from pain, and when he became quiet he heard Athaliah calling him. he came to stand near her. She grabbed him by the elbow and began walking with him arm-in-arm, to check each victim and validate the killings. She was talking loudly to herself,  with  a strange laughter after each sentence:
“You hear me, bandits? Ha! We are just removing stones from a bad  ground. Ha! That’s what we’re doing! Ha! You, men, had no souls - even being alive! Ha!”
In her drunkenness she was deeming that drums and violin music was playing around. These noises were mixed in her imagination with a memory of the screams of the butchered offspring of  king David’s dynasty. 
“Who is the music player there?” she asked suddenly, “who do I hear now? He makes me mad - by his delicate violin’s tones. I can’t bear it, I can’t! He’s playing like David, the abominable king. I can’t bear even your memory, ancestor of all the evil that had found my and your family... How could you, Shepherd David, believe in the Almighty God of Israel, who has dedicated himself to annihilate and destroy? He could not build your offspring a strong and solid fortress. He was always using a ridiculous argument for your ruin. That your sole sin with a woman called Bathsheba – had caused His anger. Therefore  he had to punish all your forthcoming inheritors. So say his Prophets still today. And why had his son Solomon so successful and prosperous, notwithstanding? He had built a marvellous Temple on the fucken bodies of thousand women, who incited him against you, God. All these simple examples, my Lord,  show me only the irrationality of your existance. Yes, of course- of your behavior, even if you exist somewhere… You simply play games with us. But you can’t admit it. So, you’re cheating your humble human beings. . . Ha ha!” 
Then Athaliah rudely kicked a victim’s body, while still reflecting and arguing with the Lord by the mumble of her lips. She gazed at Mathan, who unveiled the cloth, which was covering the corpse’s face.
“Who was this?” she asked, “have you identified another comrade, from your priestly days with God?” 
“No. This one was Aviah, son of your  husband’s  brother,” told her Mathan. 
“Well well!” she laughed, “Now I can see the end to king David’s dynasty! I have brought it; I - the daughter of the greatest of kings, Ahab. No more David! Even his name would be forgotten from now on.…Soldier, let me have now another full sheepskin, with Hebron wine. I am so thirsty. Let me toast for my successful future. Drink with me, soldiers. You are all my sons!” 
The  soldiers began toasting with her, laughing and pointing on each other. They soon quarrelled – about the issue who of them had become drunk sooner... 
Atahalia was suddenly coughing, feeling bad. The sight of the corpses choked her. 
“Oh, I am going to vomit…” she murmured, “Where are you, Mathan? Take me out of this disastrous place. And bring other soldiers to remove all that, to clean this hell... Who has brought all this stink? Is all this deadly cellar – really in Jerusalem?…Who had killed these people?”
“You’ve ordered it!” cried Mathan.
“I haven’t given such an order!  Oh … I need air, Let me get to the window…” 
She vomitted, crying: “Why do I hate …All of David’s offspring? These worms had penetrated my womb, entered in my bloodstream...Damn me!” 
She grabbed her dagger, and furiously stabbed her own hand. Then she was sitting on the floor, weeping while gazing with balled eyes at her bloody fingers. 
Mathan came close  to her. He looked at her bruise, and helped her to wrap it with a cloth he had torn from one of the victims’ dress.
Athaliah began to sing wildly, holding her sheepskin bottle in her hand. She took a long gulp of Hebron vinyards’ wine at the middle of the poem’s first sentence  : 
Oh Samariah, Oh Jezre-el.
Oh, lost kingdom of Israel.
Where are your lovers’ giggles?
Where is your  rock, that breeded eagles?
Oh, my father, Ahab!  Oh, - great dead king.
What more disasters will the idols bring?!

Mathan raised her by her elbows, and tried to carrry her toward the stairs leading upward, to her bedrom. Athaliah’s legs dangled over the stairs, while he had dragged  her from the bottom up. While he carried her to her room, he still told her something, not sure if she had comprehended or not: 
“Please fix an hour to visit General Abner tomorrow,” he said,  “He’s sick, so I’ve heard.”
He brought her to her bed and saw she had fallen asleep, still dressed. He thought that the blood smell, still in his noostrils, would drive him mad.
Mathan went to his tent by foot. He was tired no less then her, and fell asleep till noontime, despite the screams and smells and fire sights bubbling-boiling in his senses.



CHAPTER 10


At the murderous evening - High priest Yehoyada was in his house. He had no knowledge about Athaliah’s activity, and was seated on a few cushions spread on the floor. Those had been put there near the dining table, on the cotton rugs and mats covering tiles- according to the mourning tradition of God’s believers.
Light of oil candles hanged on the walls, illuminating the room, and enabled him to read some sacred scroll of laments. He stopped reading, as he saw a tall shadow moving along the wall. It  was his wife Yehosheva,  who had brought him a bowel of soup and a plate with roasted gooze. She became seated near Yehoyada on the floor, ready to have ‘dinner of mourn’ together.  
“You have come this evening earlier than usual,” she said, “My dear husband, you don’t have to worry because of my terrrible mourning. I sit here  at home, wrapped  by some  good  reminiscences and hard thoughts. I try to forget my sorrow about my brother’s death, by fervent prayers…I try not to think too much about the future. . .A great disaster needs hopeful people to face it. We should trust in God.” 
“I had arranged a quick sacrificing ceremony,” said the High Priest, “The truth is, that I am tired. I’m anxious...Haven’t you gone to your mother this afternoon?” 
“No use. I asked her to sit down with me on the floor. She refused to follow the Torah mourning custom. She said, that Idols worshippers have that same tradition. But she would be very busy with the Generals, she said. They asked her to attend their meetings  –  regarding defence against Jehu.” 
“So, it’s right for you to sit here to mourn,” said High Priest Yehoyada, “I’ll read  with you  -  elegies and laments from Psalms. We will say prayers, that  strengthen our belief in His help”.
“Now I am worried,“ said Yehoshaeva, “about the poor baby. It’s a late hour. The nursing maid has not yet returned…”
“Where has she walked with him?”
“To the neighborhood. To take a breath of fresh air. More than two hours have passed since she left.” 
Yehoyada rose and walked to the front door. His wife discerned his worried and wearied face. ‘Everything may startle us,’ she  thought, ’the disaster is hanging over the royal family like a haze.’ 
“I’ll go out, to take a short walk,” said Yehoyada. “I’ll see where Nefertita might be. Wait here, please. Maybe she’ll come from another direction.” 
He left the room. 

Half an hour before Yehoyada had gone out -  full moon was hiding behind the clouds, then re-appeared. Two figures were walking cautiously on a path, not far from the Priest’s house, near a small deserted garden’s fence. One of them was holding an oil ceramic lantern: He was prophet Joseph, who carefully kept the light from being waved by the wind,  covering it by a piece of glass. Dressed in a shepherd’s black and white lined cotton robe, he was escorting a young maiden named Nefertita. She was the Chief Priest’s ‘breast feeding maid’.
She was dressed in a black long robe. Actually, her whole figure looked black, as she was having an Egyptian-Sudanese features. Her arms were embracing a bundle, covered by white cloth, and she grasped it very tightly to her bossom. It was a small baby, deeply sleeping. He seemed to be smiling toward her, repetitively and unconsciously- whenever she was looking at him.
From a breach in the fence- there suddenly came a noise of crashed bush branches. It was followed by men’s voices. Two masked men broke out from the planted sideway. Their yells filled the air and terrified Nefertita, but she pressed the baby and freezed on her place. One of the couples’ attackers  was grabbing the maid tightly by her elbows, and she screamed in dread. In the panic - the young Prophet threw his oil lantern on the other attacker, whose dress was entangles in the stings of a bush. He tried to jump on Joseph, but the  prophet pushed him after  he had kicked him by his testicles – and succeeded to escape.  He shouted to Nefertita, who did not move:
“I’ll call for help, my love. Don’t worry.”  
The attacker, who still felt pain between his legs, tried to pursue the running out prophet. But Joseph disappeared in the darkness, hiding behind donkeys’ stables and small bushes. Then he curved his way, and joined a group of youths who were walking toward the royal palace.   
The masked man remaining with Nefertita uncovered the baby’s cotton blanket. His comrade retrurned to stand by him. Both looked at the baby, and the one who still grabbed the maid  told her:
“Don’t be afraid. We won’t hurt you or the baby. I know  who you are…” 
“But I don’t know who you are.” said the maid bluntly, “Why are you attacking me, fellows? You wanted to hurt my man, too. We are poor and peaceful people.” 
“We have to take you to the palace,” said the other masked man, “For your own safety- and for the baby's...We are headguards of Lady Athaliah, and have  orders…”
“Isn’t  this king Ahaziah’s baby?” suddenly the other man could not restrain himself from asking, “a woman told us that you had been his nurse.” 
“You are wrong!” Nefertita raised her voice,”This is my own baby! The man who’s just  ran out – was my husband.”  
“We have to interrogate you,” said the second masked man, “Come to the King’s palace, woman. There!…”
“If this is your son,” asked the other man, “We know, that you had been a maidservant to the king’s family. Had you?”  She nodded. 
“D’you know - where is the late king’s wife, and her son?”
“You should know,” she said, “they all had remained with the king in Jezre-el. Surely Jehu had killed them, sir.” 
“There is a rumor, that  the baby had remained here, in Jerusalem.”
“What are ye’ talking about? They all got killed by the rebels… I think lady Athaliah should know about that. So, let me go, please…”
The rude men pulled her by her arms, and she went with  them. She was grabbing the baby close to her breast. He woke up and screamed, and the noise nerved them. One of them shouted at her to hush him, and she dangled the beby while walking.  
They passed a few houses in the small alley, then  crossed an avenue in the passage leading to the Royal Palace gate. Its surrounding was illuminated by lanterns and a tumult of  loud talks of a crowd was heard from its direction.
While they approached  the gate, Nefertita saw about twenty people. All were pushing each other and shouting unilaterally and repeatedly:  “Athaliah  is our Queen”. 
Suddenly there came a group of three young maids, led by young prophet Joseph, who hided his beard by a shawl. His long coat was not on his body, and only a shirt, made of a goat’s fur, covered his chest and back. In that shape he could be hardly recognized by his attackers...Nefertita had identified him, and was at first surprised. She saw that he had indicated two young female dancers, who arrived with him - to approach the two masked men. The girls  were  very shortly dressed. They came close to Nefertita, and their nice legs were exposed, while they began to shake  their bodies sexually. Nefertita’s captors looked at them with much interest and desire. The girls pulld them by their hands, indicating them to join their dance. The men became already seduced, and winkd  to the girls. They both began to giggle to each other, and soon left Nefertita, following the girls to behind some bushes.   
Nefertitra turned aside and saw Joseph. His hand indicated her to turn to the  west, and she succeeded to sneak out in the shelter of darkness and follow him. They hurried to the opposite direction that the snatchers and the girls had taken. 
The young couple were walking now between courtyards - in a zigzag path, sometime even crossing breached fences. They were bending while the trees and bushes along the way  had been too short for hiding their tall figures.   
“Thank you for my rescue, my sweetheart,” whispered Nefertita,  short breathed, “I had known for long …that with you…- I shouldn’t  fear.”
“You should fear only God, my lass. Take care. I was lucky to find these Ashera maids, who recognized me, and had done me a favor. ..” 
When they arrived to the back gate of the High priest’s courtyard, Joseph’s lips kissed Nefertita by her lips very quickly, and he whispered:
“My love to you had strengthened me. I’ll pray for you, and for the little one. Warn the priest. A plot is in the air – to annoint Athaliah as Queen.  God will help us.”
Prophet Joseph opened the gate, and let his girl and her bundle get in. After he had seen that she clapped on the back door of the hut and permitted to enter - he left the place in a hurry.  
Nefertita, the wrapped baby close to her bosom, was facing Lady Yehosheva, who was alone at home. She approached the maid, looking at the baby. She soon  uncovered his little blanket, and earnestly inspected his face. This time he was not smiling in his sleep. 
“You are an irresponsible maid - Nefer!” Yehosheva scorned the maid, “We were worried. You  have left out for too long.”
“I apologize, lady.  I was meeting  the young prophet  I’ve told you about.”
“I have not approved your today’s meeting with him.” 
“My lover warned me:  I have to hide immediately - with the baby, madam!”
“Hide?  From whom?” inquired Yehosheva.
“Baby’s life is in danger,” Nefertita pointed on the bundle, “Your mother Athaliah seems… to have declared herself  Queen! I’ve just heard that.” 
“ My God!  My mother is crazy. Queen? Are you sure?”
There was a knock at the door, and the high priest Yehoyada entered. 
“Yes, Athaliah has  taken the crown,” he said,  “she isn’t crazy. Army commander Abner  refused to interfere, so is the rumor...I’ve just met his brother and his cousine, while I was striding around … Why have you been so late?” He asked  Nefertite, 
“I’ve already explained to my mistress,” said the maid.  
“I must go to see my lunatic Mom,” said Yehosheva, “I’ll tell her what I do think about her….Why has she usurped the crown?  She will darken our sky. Don’t the commanders understand that?”” 
“My dear, beware of speaking too harshly and directly  - to your mother. You know:  A word  against the ruler  is a crime. We should be very cautious.” 
“She knows:  I’m her only daughter. . . She won’t hurt me.”
“Now this baby is the one who’s in danger!” said the maid.
“How d’you know that? Why?” asked the High Priest.
“My fiance, the prophet, has just rescued me and the baby - from masked men…” 
“What?” roared the couple.
“Therefore I was late here. They are in search for the king’s baby, so they said.. .”
“She is not going to kill a baby, who is  her grandson!” said Yehosheva. 
“If you don’t believe a prophet –  who can you rely on? My dear Joseph warned me. He knows and feels about things- better than any of us. Excuse me, High Priest…” Nefertita was close to tears, and Yehosheva took the baby angrily from her hands.
“She is right, my dear wife,” said Yehoyada, “The prophet has seen the danger. We shouldn’t waste our time. There is a rumor,  about murders going around…Some guard chatted about that.”
“My masters, What should I do?” asked the maid in dread. 
“Oh, God!” the High Priest raised his hands over his head, “A real danger is facing us.” 
“When I think again… about what you’ve just told me,” said Yehosheva to both,  “My Mom is a real monster. Oh, God. We should hide little Joasah immediately. Please, apologize me, Nefer…” Yehosheva handed back the baby to the  maid.
Yehoyada indicated Nefertita to follow him to the back door, that he had opened.  Nefertita covered again the baby, this time with a black cloth- instead of the white one that had been on him before.  
They soon got out of the house. Nefertita was walking close to Yehoyada, and both were in the priests’ roses garden. He  whispered to her: 
“Swear, that you’ll not deliver the baby to anyone. I know you love him very much…But a voacl vow will strengthen your commitment. So says our tradition.”
“I vow in the name of God, with all my heart,” she said. “I’ll Keep this baby, as if he were my own son.”
They left his courtyard. Soon the priest felt that he was too much in a hurry, as the maid almost stumbled, rushing after him
“Slow down,” he whispered, “God will rescue your precious load - in whatever speed we’ll take.” 
They crossed some alleys and were on the stoned road leading to God’s Temple. 
They saw its courtyard’s side fence. At the gate there was standing an armed guard, dresssed in a grey robe. He was a flower priest, who recognized the High Priest. In order not to let him remain curious, Yehoyada whispered to him: “We carry a special kind…of pigeons, for tomorrow’s sacrifice. Don’t tell anybody that you’ve seen us.” 
The young men nodded and they were in the Temple’s courtyard. Walking still a few steps, they saw a  locked wooden door in front of a low stone building. 
The Temple itself was rising not far from there. Its shape was ugly, not glorious as a sacred place. Its walls seemed gray, and their stones and bricks broken and cracked in many places. Wild long grass was growing out in those points, as well as dark-green dots of hyssop were sticking  everywhere.   
High Priest Yehoyada recollected, that he and his predecessor had longly begged the kings to repair the inner and outer shape of the Temple. Constructors told them- that any further negligence would bring ruin and breakage…But they were told to find rich God believers for that, and raise high amounts of charity money. In his preach sermons - Yehoyada requested the congregation members to render tenth of their income for that aim. But they had failed to do that: In recent time - poverty prevailed on many people, in addition to the general decrease of God’s believers in the country. . .
Nefertita followed the High Priest, who was heading to a wooden cabin seen at the side of  a small stone house. Its back wall was built on the slope of a rocky hill, on  border of the Temple’s courtyard. Nefertita with her parcel were waiting at the door of the cabin like house. Yehoyada lighted a lantern, taking the fire from a hanging oil torch thereby, that dimmly illuminated the area. Yehoyada pulled out a key from his pocket, opened the door and called Nefertita to follow him: “Come in, maid. Beware, it’s a low entry door.”
After Nefertita had entered with the ‘parcel’,  he locked the door behind them. She exposed the baby’s head, smiling to him and dangling him a little, as she saw that he became awake. The priest indicated Nefertita to sit on a wooden small bench and wait.
“This is the room for the priests to wash- after they would sacrifice sheep or oxen or piegeons,” he said, “But now you’ll be surprised…”  
He pushed aside the long stone basin for wash, which had been set on heavy gray stones leaning on the wall. A low wicket was revealed....The maid presumed that it had been leading toward the rocky hill direction.
Yehoyada pushed that wicket. Holding his lantern tightly, he entered a darkened place. Nefertita understood that it might be a cave, and would be used as her and the baby’s hiding place and shelter.  
Yehoyada was looking around, checking the place with his eyes. He and the maid  got slowly used to the darkness and saw a step just at the entry. He stretched his hand to Nefertita, and helped her to climb and get inside the cave.  
She was bending, almost kneeling, while carrying the baby. Yehoyada let her get inside, and showed her  a wooden stool that he had long ago brought there, on which she was cautiously seated.
“So, Here is our safe place.” He said, “I’ll permit you to go out from time to time, to take some breath...Though over there is also a pipeline for air supply.” 
He turned the lantern up to the cave’s ceiling, and showed her a small ‘pipeline hole’ - that would enable to look at the stars through it, which she did. 
“What about food, sir?” asked the maid, “I should be well fed; otherwise- no milk for the baby.” She shyly pointed on her breast.
“Don’t worry,” said the High Priest, “You will get fresh food every day - from me, or from my wife. We will soon bring you a blanket too. So help me God!..” 
He came closer to her and looked at her eyes: “I know your faith in Him is strong,” he pointed over the ‘cave’s ceiling’. 
The baby began whimpering, and she tried to calm him- by gently moving and dangling his little body to and fro. 
“I am from Yitro’s( king James’ Bible spelling is: JITRO)  nomads’ tribe,” said Nefertita, “Yitro, who helped Moses in Sinai.” 
“Our God - your God,” said the High Priest.
“I’ve told that to your wife. Therefore she gave me that sacred job, sir. It was just  when the baby was born. Blessed be the king and his wife’s souls in Heaven…” 
Yehoyada’s hands began to organizes the place there. His fingers touched a straw ‘bed’ on the floor.  He felt it had been dry, and would fit for lying on it. He promised the maid to bring her a Toarah scroll, for reading and  learning. She said that she had in her pocket also something from her fiance, prophet Joseph. He had foreseen bad a punisment on the sinners of Israel and Judea in the past, she told the Priest. He wrote a prophecy about that, and gave her that - just last night. However - she, Nefertita, preferred to read  his past condolence poetry, so she carried that also with her. . .   
“Well,” said Yehoyada, “now go to sleep, dear maid. The Priests would get from me another place for washing after sacrificing at the altar. So - you will rarely hear voices around. Hopefully no one will disturb you. . . God bless you and the child!” 
He raised his hands like blessing his community’s crowd: “God, make this baby grow up- and let him become our king, in due time! Amen.” 
“Amen,” murmured Nefertita. Suddenly, as she discerned him turn to go out, she said:
 “Sir, you have not told me –for how long I should stay here with the baby. I … am bothered by the thought…that this secluded place, in this situation… if it’s too long…for years…I won’t like …to be like a nun.  Sir, I can’t bear that idea…”
“With God’s help,” he said, facing her again, “the period of your stay  - will be short, maid…” 
“Sir,  I have a sweetheart, prophet Joseph. I love him so much. He  had rescued me and the baby. I should not be punished…We have sworn to each other.”  
“Be patient. I will talk to him and explain. I understand, that you have told him who the baby really is. That is…Well… With God’s help. God is Good, Great and Graceful …”
“If my stay here becomes too long, “ she said, “will you promise me to find one who will replace me? Even for a partial time, sir?”
“I promise, “ said Yehoyada, “Please, don’t think about the far future. My wife will come in here, whenever she’ll be able…”
“Thank you, sir. Remember my hard effort. And pray everyday for both the child and myself.” Yehoyada’s eyes became wet. He kissed her forhead and left the cave. 



CHAPTER 11 


Next morning Yehosheva came to the palace gate. She requested to enter, but the gatekeepers would not let her in. She used her hands for struggling with the guards’ commander, trying to push him away. 
“Princess,” he said, “Queen Athaliah has ordered me personally -  to avoid entry of anyone. Whoever it may be.” 
“Is she alone?” asked the Queen’s daughter.  
“The Laws’ scribe is with her.” 
Yehosheva decided to wait. After while that man was seen leaving the palace hall. Yehosheva repeated her request to the officer.
“Please tell the Queen,” she said, “that her daughter has brought very important news, so she said. It’s very urgent.”  
The officer whispered something to a guard. He gazed shortly again at Yehosheva, and was running to the palace. He knocked  at the hall’s entry door.
Athaliah got to the front door herself, opened it and approved  to bring her daughter in.
“I have brought a message Jehu, the killer of Ahazia,” said Yehosheva.
“Is Jehu going to deliver us the dead body?” asked Athaliah. 
“No, mother,” told her Yehosheva, “Only a delegation will be allowed to see- where he had been buried.”
“I understand, that your husband had received that message,” said Athaliah, 
”But how can I be sure that Jehu is not cheating, regarding that? He may arrest – or kill the men that I will send. We know how treacherous he is.”
“The high Priest had met the messenger, and he seemed reliable to him.”
“Your husband may tell me lies!” scolded Athaliah,” our relations had never been kissable, so to say!” 
“My husband would never lie about that, Mom.” Athaliah’s daughter became angered, “He is High Priest of God. Our religion is based on truth telling. Unlike your Baal’s rude religion and corrupt believers…”  
“And what if your husband just wishes to torture my Soul?!” Athaliah asked severely, and her face became distorted, “He hates me. Like you!” 
“You are the worst of mothers! You had caused king Ahaziah’s death.” 
“Bite your tongue!” roared Athaliah, “You’re speaking to the Queen!” She ran to her small chest of two drawers, pulled her golden crown out of it, and wore it.. She was showing the flashing article to her daughter in front and by profile.
“For me- you are only my mother,” said Yehosheva calmly, and irritated her Mom even more than before.“You had encouraged my beloved brother to go to Samaria, remember? To see your folks. And now you wish to inherit his crown!”
“My family in Samaria had needed military help,” Athaliah said, lowering her tone, “against Aram’s threaten on our two kingdoms. Ahazia went there to see in what he could help, not for a mere family meeting...Yes, I had recommended it.” Now she raised her voice again, in irritation: “The God of Israel had opposed every step we had taken…He fought against us all along. He caused the Killing of my son.You…You… should not be a family relative to us! Ugly soul!  Now- go out!”
Athaliah sent her hands on Yehosheva. She tried to push her to the front door, but she had escaped from her touch. Both women began striding in circles – moving in the big hall, as pursuing one another - while they continued to argue very loudly. 
“I didn’t do wrong,” said Athaliah, “sending my son…I couldn’t know about Jehu’s rebellion.”  
“You have told Ahaziah,” said Yehosheva, emphasizing each word, “to take with him- also his wife and his little baby. All were lost, woe to us!” 
“Enough!  Why do you remind me the terrible event?  Go away.”
Athaliah tried to retreat to the door leading to her private bedroom, but her daughter banned her way.
“Now you’ve usurped the crown, against God priests’ opinion!”- shouted Yehosheva, “My husband told me, that people had become outrageous this morning about your Queenship.”  
“Maybe you want to be queen, eh?!” mocked Athaliah, “never!”
“You know it’s not true,” said her daughter, “Becauset no woman should be crowned, so say our holy scriptures.” 
“You are a slave of God,” said Athaliah sarcastically,  “the God who had killed our family.”  
“You are a woman without God:  a slave to your desires and lusts, to momentary pleasures, to pursuit of luxury and false dignity.”
“I shall kill you, crazy woman!” shouted Athaliah and waved with her hand. 
“You have always hated living in small Jerusalem,” saids Yehosheva mockingly, “It wasn’t thrilling and joyful enough  to you…”
Athaliah spat on Yehosheva’s face and she retreated. 
“How delighted you were,” the daughter said in a sarcastic pain to her mother, “taking part in the erotic festivals of the idols. You travelled to Samaria - almost every year for that. Ahaziah had known about that, too!” 
Athaliah was outraged, shaking her hands and shouting a few times: ‘Out’. She ran outside and headed to the Gate, indicating the Guards to come to her help. 
Two strong gatekeeperss ran toward Yehosheva. They grabbed her arms, to pull her out of the palace courtyard. Athaliah returned to the Hall.
At that moment Mathan rushed into the hall. He approached the queen and bowed, then was fully kneeling. She gave her hand to him, and while he rose he kissed Athaliah’s wrist. His eyes were gazing at her face in a ‘know all’ expression..  
“You look upset, Queen  I’ve just seen your daughter taken away.” 
“She still does not understand what it does mean, that her mother is now the queen.”  
“Oh,” said Mathan, “you’ve just had rhymed your sentences. Fine…If you need- we can arrange some accusation against Yehosheva. That will set her in the right place.”
“No!  Don’t touch her.  She is only a  stupid believer in God.  But she is my own flesh and blood. My last drop.”   She uttered a sigh. 
“I’ve come to tell you,” said Mathan, “that there are rumors about the murders. . .You know, King David’s dead offsprings had friends. They complained to some generals, and they demand  that the case should be investigated.”   
“I know that already,” said Athaliah, “therefore I have taken some steps to cool off the spirits. Had I known who are exactly my opponents inside the army…I will visit Abner today, and explain him how I’ll deal with the murders’ inquiry.  I will trick them, so help me Baal! ”
“Do you need my participation there?” asked Mathan.
“Better not,” she said. You take your task of promoting the Baal’s worship by organizing dances and entertainment, you know. Report to me tomorrow. Today I’ll be too busy for … having good time with a muscled male like you, sir. I begin to fall in love with you.”  
”See you when your Highness finds it necessary,” said Mathan. They kissed each other, pressing their lips about a minute while standing very close, and then departed.    
A golden coated carriage ( more simply built than a chariot), drawn by a bright grey horse, harnessed with golden yoke, appeared at the palace gate. The driver helped the queen to climb, after bowing to her very respectfully. He was going to  drive her to a far away army camp in the east, toward which there was a  secure way. She was escorted by four horseriders, that she had chosen from her personal guard, and assumed they would be loyal to her. 
Athaliah was haunted with doubts about what she should tell her Generals. But as she entered the Army Command big tent, she was encouraged.  Abner was there, his deputy and other three colleagues  seated besides him, and their faces seemed calmed and complacent. 



CHAPTER 12


The army small Headquarters camp included a wooden hut and five wide tents, made of cotton cloths and sheepskins. At their bottoms they were tied by thick ropes to strong  wooden pegs fixed into the ground. A few horses  and donkeys had been parking near the camp’s gate, tied to trees trunks. Low grass was growing on the ground, but the ‘original noble’ Egyptian horses did not taste it. They had rafia sacks connected to their throats, their openings directed to the big mouth of each of the long headed animal. This enabled the horses to stand and eat the barley from inside the ‘store sack’, and each one was chewing it in any time that his hunger was growing. . .
When Athaliah came into the ornamented and flagged tent, while her bodyguards remained standing at the tent’s entry. The commanders rose from their seats at the middle of a long table. They were bowing to her with, and she bowed back - while looking at their nice, quite young  bearded faces. 
“Sit down, please, honorable commanders,” She told the officers facing her and they obeyed. She was taking her seat opposite to Abner and the other Commanders. One of them was Halely, Abner’s deputy, who had joined Abner while they brought to her the horrible message about the her son’s death. 
On the simple table there were jugs of wine and plates full of seasonal washed out fruits. Athaliah was tasting the grapes, and praised their ‘juicy flesh.’  
“Very good fruits - this year,” she said to Abner. “I see that you don’t dare to taste them?” she asked him, and discerned that he was holding his stomach by his left  hand. 
“Not yet. I have some health problem…dear Lady Athaliah...” 
“Say: Queen Athaliah. Your Queen, General...What had you eaten, that would cause you a stomach problem? I’ve just looked at the way that your horses had been perpetually fed.  I liked it. Good food is a must for a soldier, as well as for a fighting horse.”  
The commanders had not understood if she had tried to mock or laugh, just to enlighten the tension. No one of them joined her, while she uttered a ‘Ha Ha’ artificial laughter. 
“I’ve eaten bad figs,” explained Abner,  “we had only these- on our way back here from the bloody Israeli battlefield.”
“But perhaps your stomach pain,” she said bluntly, “derives also from…fearing your new ruler? You are not  fully satisfied that a queen is at the head of Judea. Don’t you trust my ruling?”
“I trust,” said Abner, “But I think, that you could have waited with wearing the crown -  till… the Priests and the Army Commanders gather to consult... and decide. Not that I have something personal against your …Excellancy.” 
“I’m sure that it’s the contrary, sir. I have matched you to my dear maidservant, just a year ago. I swear I would have wanted such a bride to my son, had I another one. ..” she looked at the men, just to see the impression of her sharp style on her faces, “But Let’s move on! We have arranged this meeting for recognizing each other, commanders. And for consultation what has to be done regarding Jehu…”
 The officers were quite astonished by this monologue, but still stayed silent. 
Athaliah’s right palm stroke vehemently the wooden table’s board. She was speaking excitedly to them, touching her crown by her left hand.  
“If any of you, men,” she said, “oppose my crown - you can  resign.” 
She was looking at the Generals one by one.
“No, no.” said Abner, “Dear Athaliah, we have arrived to the conclusion, that most of the simple people would become soon to like you. . . As well as many army captains and frontier commanders. We know also, that any other crown claimant, if there had remained one… can’t be compared to you in knowing the royal affairs. You have contacts with other countries through your Tsydon family connections, so…”
“Many of us  also appreciate your strong character,” said General Simon Halely.
“Thank you for your sincerity,” said Athaliah.
Abner rose, and bent to her. She saw his body was weak, while he asked her permission to leave, due to his health problem. 
“Please stay!” she commanded him, “Or walk to the ‘public hole in the ground’ outside,  if your need that urgently. But come back as soon as possible.”
He moved his head and was re-seated, wiping his perspiring forehead. 
“Knowing that you all hate flattery -  I appreciate your short comments about… my crown. I expect nobody  to think, that I’ve usurped it, Ha?!” She rose on her feet. “I hope that tomorrow you’ll be more healthy,” she said to Abner and turned also to the other officers, “I have originally planned to go out with you today to the Wall of Jerusalem…I want to check the strength of our ramparts. But let’s do it tomorrow, when Abner will feel better.”  
Abner nodded, but remarked:  
“Dear Queen: You’ve certainly heard about mysterious killings. Eight of Judea’s  noblemen, of king David’s dynasty, have been murdered.” 
“What has this to do with me?” asked Athaliah, pretending the insultd one, “I’m still in a mourn, and my bereavement is so deep!” She wiped a tear.  
“However, there are obstinate rumors.” said another commander.
“What rumors?”
“That somebody has targeted,” said Abner, “all the Royal family. All the dead ones had been your relatives, though indirect… Please- take care of yourself, too.”  
“Gentlemen,” said Athaliah, “I vow before you:  Justice will be made, and shown to the public very soon. I have no fear to bring to justice any suspect in killing…”
“Thank you, her majesty,” said the Generals. Abner held his stomach again. Athaliah moved her head, to indicate him he’s free to leave. He saluted weakly and quit. Athaliah remained with the other Generals. 
“By the way,” she said, “I recognize three of you from past years. I know that you are faithful to God, like Abner. He had nominated you, has he?  I see here no Baal’s Worshipper. Is it so?”
The four commanders nodded.
“But I know that many simple soldiers, as well as captains - who serve in my army,” she added, “are pagans. So, from now on – half of my Army Officers will remain God’s believers, but the rest should be replaced  by pagans. This will be  my first order to the Commander in Chief. I will send it to Abner’s home in writing.”
“But how should we choose those God believers commanders,” asked officer Halely,  “who will be thrown out, or be degraded?”
“Therefore you, High commanders, exist as a general staff. And it should be an iron staff, not a broken cane!” The commanders looked at each other, and nodded. Then they smiled at her, understanding her parable.
 “Well, Generals,” she added, , “I expect your prompt activity. You should choose the best Baal Worshippers who are fit for a higher rank, and bring the list to me. You, general Halely - will report me about that a week from now!” –she pointed on the officer, known to her before.
“Well, though we know that this change  would cause personal problems,” he said,  “we must obey the Queen’s orders.”
She was hiding her delight. “Thank you,” she said, and began a long speech that she had prepared before. A suspicion came now to her mind, that Abner had pretended a diplomatic illness, to avoid listening to it: 
“From now on- any Pagan soldier, who would like to sing what you think as dirty abominable hymens to Baal - let him do it. Let him pray to his Idol – at the same manner that God Believers pray to the Almighty in the sky. Let Idol worshippers celebrate their holidays – like God Believers celebrate theirs, by visiting the Temple and so on…Well. Remember, that words of prayers do not kill! My father was used to say that, though God’s Prophets were claiming the opposite. We are dealing here with the real daily life of the soldiers, don’t we? Not with the virtual future and the end of the days, with which the prophets brainwash their belivers!…. See you tomorrow, Officers!…You will meet me at Jerusalem’s Wall, near the northern gate, at eight ” she told General Halely, who nodded.  
The Generals saluted and were bowing - while Athaliah was leaving the tent with her guards. They had not talked with each other about her order, but followed her outside, each with his heavy thoughts. 
All walked through the camp’s gate to the woods which had been the horses parking place. Some called it ‘the stable’ – because in winter soldiers would put straw and woods over some of the trees’ high branches, so sheltering the animals  if the’s clouds  would bring a flood. 

In that day Athaliah used her carriage, but the day after she came riding her horse to the northern gate of Jerusalem. She was thinking it would be more likable to be seen as an equal to the commanders, who were gathered there. That northern gate of Jerusalem was the inspection point for outgoing and incoming of most of the passengers. From it – the famous ‘Royal Route’ or ‘Highway’ was leading to Beth-El, as well as to Samaria, Jezerel and Carmel. 
Athaliah looked at the four gatekeepers, who were holding bows and arrows; other two guards were carrying swords. While they discerned her arrival with her headguards  from inside the town, they applauded her noisily. 
“Long live our Queen!” they called unilaterally. She wondered if Halely or sombody else had already guided them how to accept her face and how to behave in her presence. Four High Commanders, including Abner, began riding after her, by ten infantry soldiers. One of those was carrying a wooden ladder. 
Arriving a few steps farther from the gate, all the horseriders dismounted. The infantries were indicated by Abner to drive the horses aside one by one - and connect their reins to pegs, fixed in the City Wall. Then the Generals began walking with the queen along the Wall, and  were gazing aty it up and down, here and there. Abner was at Athaliah  side, and told her that his health had improved. 
“My wife sends you her greetings, your Excellency,” he added.
“Is she already pregnant?” Athaliah surprised him, asking that in public, with a smile. He nodded.
“She should bear a lot of children, I repeat what I’ve told you in your wedding. Let the kids be also God’s believers like you.  I don’t mind. We are too little a nation. We need any living skull, men!” –she turned to all her escorts.    
The visitors walked in a solid group about three hundred steps,  till they came to a breach in the Wall, and stopped at it. Athaliah was bending, to watch closer the bricks, that had long fallen from it and now were scattered around. She pushed her shoulders into the opening and  tried to let her head peep outside, grabbing her crown in her hand. She knocked with her fist on the stones surrounding the breach. Some of them seemed cracked and on the verge of breakage…
Athaliah then intended to push her whole body, and emerge out of the wall. Abner discerned that, jumped to her and grabbed her by the elbows to hold on. 
“Please, Queen, “ he said, “let me peep out first. It may be dangerous even to send a hand out, without knowing who would  wait on the other side.”
“Oh, don’t frighten me,” she laughed, but retreated. After he had peeped out, he  permitted her do that too, and she asked:  
“Abner, are there many such breaches in the area?”
“Fifty or more,” he said, “I know wrecks ...which have not been restored nor repaired for years.”
Abner indicated the Captain, who was carrying the wooden ladder, to approach the wall.
“Long peace had existed between my father’s northern kingdom,” said Athaliah, “and Judea’s kingdom. Theerefore the wall was not needed.”
“Now we are really threatened by Jehu,” said general Halely, “and we should soon repair it…Last evening I’ve received a message, that Jehu was strengthening his  forces around...”
“Where exactly?” she asked 
“Near Beth El. And by who else we’ll be threatened – we can’t even imagine. Any change in a regime in this area - would invite its external enemies to try to shake it …”
 “You are right, General,” she said, “So - your queen has taken the right step, to visit here immediately?” All nodded their heads, and her face became shining. 
Meanwhile the ladder was set up close to Athaliah. It was leaning on the Wall,  and Abner indicated the queen to climb. She was doing it promptly:  But already standing above, she felt that the two generals, who were grabbing the ladder’s bottom, had become  worried. One of them was Abner, and she  movd herself on the  ladder and boasted:
“I am a sportive woman, see?” she praised herself, “I feel that I stand solidly.”
She was gazing around from over the wall, and saw its length:  Close to her place - it seemed to be erected in a straight line, but farther on it became curvy, and in some places twisted, and then again seemingly curvy, encircling the town.  
Athaliah soon got down from the ladder. One of the guards took it away.
“We need a lot of money, “ said Abner to the queen, “in order to mobilize enough menpower to replenish this long Wal. In some parts we’ll have to raise it.”
“We need also a lot of new weapons,” remarked his deputy, general Halely.
“For standing in a long siege,” said another General, “your Excellancy would be able to mobilize more soldiers, best quality warriors.”  
“With your help, Generals,” said the queen, “I will get everything needed...I am not desparate at all from the plenty of tasks that we have to undertake…Well, let’s move further on.” 
After a long walk, and staying at other crucial points of cracks in the Wall, Athaliah indicated the ‘Horses Officer’ to bring the horses of the whole group to the Eastern Rampart’s gate, “Jericho gate”.  She was walking with her escorts toward that gate, and while they all arrived there – the horses officers and his soldiers came with the horses. He approached the queen and handed her a horse. Mounting it, she ordered Abner and his deputy, Halely, to mount their horses, and escort her back to the palace. Her personal footmen guards were hurrying after the riders. Athaliah had not made her horse gallop. She wanted to use the ride for talking.
“What would be the cost of reorganizing the army?” she asked. “I am not afraid from big numbers of gold weight. We will defend our town and kingdom- by hook or by crook… Make your assesment, and bring it to me in full details tomorrow at noontime.” 



CHAPTER 13


Athaliah and Mathan were strolling around in the garden behind her palace. It was  full of colorful flowers, planted between nuts’ and apples’ trees. The dim and cold night hid the beauty of the place, but the lovers enjoyed the calm atmosphere and the rustling of the leaves caused by the cold night’s wind..
“What do you think, my sweatheart?” asked Mathan in a flattering, sentimental voice, “Has not Baal created  that cool but magnificent night,  for romance and mutual pleasures of the flesh? Like us- He and His sweetheart Ashera are now one interwoven in the hidden channels of the other.”
“Their juices flow from and into each other,” she exclaimed with a smile, “like a pure stream slowly striving to get into a hidden cave, found only between the mountains of paradise.” 
“I enjoy the delicate smells of the roses here ,” said Mathan. 
“As for me,” she said, as challanging his storage of images, “The Lilacs’ and Narcissos’ scents’ are filling my lungs. My breath is now so easy, so smooth. I am viewing within my own eyes an amazing form, an abstract structure, that signifies something to me. It is flashing like diamonds and gold and silver mixed together, and I am licking them like wonder-cakes…with  my tongue.”
He saw at what she was hinting. She took him by his hand and led him to her room and both were undressing quickly and gazing at each others’ body in the dim light, but they soon covered themselves with her wide white cotton sheet, kissing and caressing.  
“Would her Majesty permit me to lick her clitoris and bring her those attacks of sensations, that are sweeter than cakes, more exciting than scents?”
She nodded and they enjoyed each other’s flesh and breath, wildness and spirit. 
When they became satiated, she told him, analysing a relationship that had faded out:
“Only the weekly procedure of lying with late king Jehoram– had made me…somewhat acquainted with him. He was a bad husband, as every king…Yes, all that has become a remote past, disappeared like a dream. It had been better for me ...” 
She was feeling her heart melt toward the Baal priest, who had been younger than her in five years, so she revealed. She appreciated his courage to impress her with his sexual vitality and powerful belief in the “seemingly natural forces created by the Idols,” as he defined it, “I believe that they are much more sophisticated than the jealous God of Israel. I like that highly free behavior, aimed for the pleasures of the flesh and spirit, that the Knaanite Idols permit us to have. They all are aimed  to enjoy with us, like participating in our pleasures of the flesh…”       
Athaliah asked Mathan if he had ever married. No, he said. He devoted himself to God, until he saw that he could never achieve the position of high priest of God.
He had thought he was more worthy of it than Yehoyada, because of his wider knowledge of the holy books, his oratorial capability, and his dovotion to the temple’s Ceremonies. However, the king- her husband Jehoram- had chosen Yehoyada as chief priest of God. Yehoyada’s knowledge of Moses commandments was less, far less than Mathan. In fact, everybody had been aware that Yehoyada did not have a brilliant mind. “So, God had disappointed me,” said Mathan, “in not meeting my expectations from him. He realy showed me how stupid and naïve I had been all the years long…”
“But I can’t believe, that no woman had really loved you,” she said.
“I laid down a lot of virgins, but I had not fallen in love. It seemed that they had not gottn the complexity of character and sharpnesss of mind, that I would seek in a woman friend. I was alreays bored very soon with a woman, dear Athaliah. You are the first who makes me so  enthusiastic and excited and challenged by your mere presence. Had I known you before, I don’t know if I would have desired you so much-  unless the new, shocking circumstances had caused an entire change in your soul and mind.” 
“Beware - not to pour your sperm inside me,” she suddenly disconnected from his touch and rose from the bed. She was like reminding herself of a danger: ”If  it happens that I’ll become pregnant from you,” she threatened nervously, “I’ll kill you. Or the baby, or both of you!”
They both came down again to each other with an assault of loud laughter.     
Then they took a little sneeze, after having those two consecutive intercourses. He told her that his belittled penis would not grow for a third penetration, according to his experience with that organ... He laughed at himself for  “not being able to lie within you for a whole long night,” – so he apologized and she liked that.
Mathan suddenly jumped aside. His nudeness was illuminated by a ‘three thirds’ moonlight, and he rose up. She saw his athletic figure beginning to run to the coutyard and she opened the back door, looking after him. He returned within a short while, after  having found some article near the fence’s bush. He brought it  with him back to the room. It was a cane of bamboo, and he waved with it,  while kneeling near her naked body. She laughed and said:
“My dear lover wants to use this stick? For what? As an exchange for the sleeping snake between his legs?” 
Mathan  was looking at her nice ass. She put on her a night robe, and handed him another one – from her wardrobe. “We should not take cold,” she said, and let him carry her her by his arms outside, still holding his cane in his hand. They saw  a  small heap of carved stones, that were set in a row,  like a long bench. He asked her to stand on that, and climbed to stand next to her. He raised the hollow cane in the air and was looking through it on the flashing stars. 
Athaliah touched  the bamboo and asked what he was going to do with it.
“Had it been smooth and elastic and cold blooded, like Moses’ snake, I would have agreed it to be sent into me. I haven’t experienced this kind of flesh pleasure since my youth…” she laughed. 
“If you wish it,” he said, “Very well, next night I’ll bring something. Its poison should be cut out…But now, let me show you something through this ‘telescope cane’…” 
“Priest of Baal,” she said, “is it an invention, or a marvel, or what?”  She remembered that before that - he had given her something to drink, and they both were quite drunk. 
“Looking through this cane concentrates the object, which we would like to watch,“ said Matahn , “it would clear vague shapes. I’ve frequently used that. It helps me to understand the signs from the stars more precisely. This is the art of Baal’s witchcraft, that I’ve secretely studied.”  
Athaliah snatched the cane from his hands, and was already looking above through it.
“I’d like to search for a sign- that will strengthen my army against Jehu. His troops approach our borders, so I heard from Abner today.” 
She delivered the cane back to Mathan.
“Look at those stars,” said Mathan, who was looking above again, “at the left of   the long Milk Route, the long like a river of enlightened haze! You can see a group of more sparkling stars than the rest of them…”
Athaliah took the cane and saw  a  view  that  made her quite tremble from fear. The Baal priest embraced her naked body under her robe, and kissed her throat.
“Is it a good omen?” she asked. He nodded. 
The shape of the sparkling stars was like the following: 

* * * * * * 
*             *  
* * * * * *

“These stars are shaping - a  simple box!” said Athaliah.
“Yes,” agreed Mathan, “They tell us, that there is  a large treasure in it. This box  is in God’s Temple.  When I had been God’s priest - I heard about it.” 
“We should go to sleep now,”  she said with a yawn, “thank you, Mathan, if you are a real truth teller prophet of Baal…Dear priest, now I’ve decided about our program for tomorrow. To hurry to God’s Temple, arrive there surprisingly. Let God’s men wonder and protest. I’ll take twenty guards to defend ourselves, in case of a strong contradiction.”
“Good,” he said, “There are wild flower priests, who are ready to die for their holy shrine, I know that.”  
The Temple’s Hall had an arched front entry. Two ornamented Pillars had been erected inside the Hall, at the two sides of the entry, with Shield of  David’s signs on their Capitals;  their lower parts were frequently wrapped with olives’ branches. 
In the middle of the Hall, about twenty steps from the main entry’s double door, there was the altar, made of un-carved stones. At its side there was a wide table, where the oxen and sheep and pigeons and lambs would be put after being sacrificed. (Some of the sacrifices had to be fully burned into ashes, but there were others, which were allowed to be eaten by the priests or even by the simple people, after a sacrificing-butchering ceremony…)
‘Thrown blood’, flowing from the sacrifice butchery stained the altar, and remnants and small particles of animals limbs were stinking the air all around. The Priests and Levitins serving in the Temple had been used to it. But Athaliah murmured a curse while she came in, and began breathing those un-enjoyable smells. 
A big Six-Canes Candles’ Lamp was stated beside the altar, based on a high cupboard. Some utensils, used for sending vapours of scents and incense to the air, were set up there, too. But only the senior priests had known how to use that ‘machinery’. Mathan was in the past one of those seniors, but now he was concentrated in guiding Athaliah and her headguards toward a crimson curtain: It had been hanging behind the temple’s six canes Lamp and the Altar. The curtain was very close to the back wall, and the name of God ‘Jehova’ - was embroidered on it. Simple people generally would close their eyes, while being in the Temple and unintentionally looking at it: They had been told by the priests, that such a glimpse on the ‘Explicit Name’ could  cause a curse. 
God’s name was also embroidered on the cotton white gown of High Priest Yehoyada, who was standing at that moment between the altar and the lamp. Queen Athaliah discerned him, standing erect thereby, on his head a tall white turban. When he saw her he was in the middle of some prayer, and so he alone nodded to the queen, and soon turned to walk toward the crimson Curtain. He stopped there and  grabbed it in his hands, then ardently kissed it and continued praying in a whisper. 
Trumpets blows were heard. Mathan indicated Queen Athaliah to slow her approach toward the crimson curtain. Her personal guards, who had followed her, stopped stepping, too. Now Mathan signed to an Officer Herald that they had brought with them– to  announce Athaliah’s wish to hold a speech. 
“Silence, all of you!” he shouted to the few priests and small crowd attending the regular morning ceremony, “Long live the queen! She has some words to say to you.”
“High Priest Yehoyada,” exclaimed Mathan, “You- please listen, too.”
Ten flower priests, who till that moment continued praying by whisper, became silent. Yehoyada alone continued  praying with a murmur.  
“Dear High priest and flower priests, “ said Athaliah, “As you know- no coronation ceremony of me, your Queen, has taken place here. Nor anywhere else. It has come out because of my deep mourning, and due to the hard military situation on our borders...However, you can welcome me just now! You see, I am visiting this holy place and I’m satisfied to see you…Dear High Priest Yehoyada, say hello to your wife’s Mom…sir!”
He did not react to her scolding. But soon there came a tumult of protests from the Flower Priests. Some were shouting like rioters: “The hell with such a queen!”
“So- you don’t wish to welcome me!” she said, looking at Yehoyada, “I have really expected that.  I have to thank you, my son-in-low, for that!”
“Dear queen!  We are God believers.” Yehoyada said, as he could not restrain himself any more, “Alas- you...have already permitted and promoted the worship of idols in Judea. We hate that, you know. And we will do the upmost we can - to stop it.” He raised his hands. All the Priests and other audience  were declaiming unileterally in enthusiasm: “Hear, O’ Israel!  Our Lord is God,  the only one God!” 
Athaliah approached Yehoyada and was pointing on his chest.
“If you don’t hush your young men, my soldiers will do it. I have not arrived here to argue, but to command!” 
“Command – what?” 
“I  order you, priests, to stop your incitement against me,” said Athaliah. 
“What’s wrong in our decleration,  that there is only one truth: Our Lord’s truth?”
“That’s not the issue: You plot how to throw me out of my throne. You deny it, but I know. . .well, now listen to my second demand:  It’s very simple,” she halted her speech to tense her listeners nerves, “You bring me … your gold!”   
“What gold?” The beard of High Priest Yehoyada’s was trembling.
“Only you, sir- surely know the place where the Temple’s treasure is hidden.” 
“Our only treasure- is the Bible- the Holy Scriptures, ” said the High Priest.
 “Don’t pretend! You hide something!” shouted Athaliah, “I mean: the gold that king David had hidden here, hundred years ago. I need it urgently. For covering our costs to defend Jerusalem…” 
Athaliah whispered to the Officer Herald, who was quickly leaving out by the entry door. 
A continueous drumming noise was heard. A group of additional six soldiers soon entered the Hall, with two drummers, who made their noise in order to mix up the shouts of the crowd by a perpetual tumult. 
The queen moved, stepping aside, and surveyed the Hall’s left pillar.Then she  walked to the simple stoned altar and touched it by her fingers. Yehoyada jumped and was running to her, trying to ban her way from walking a step  further. Her fingers still stayed still at the altar’s stones, intentionally caressing them.  
“Your sinful fingers, madam,” shouted the High Priest, “should not touch our  altar.”  
Yehoyada indicated his Flower Priests’Guard to approach the soldiers, who were rounding the queen. There began a hands-quarrel, as the soldiers were striking and boxing  the young priests. Teeth were broken and blood emerged from two priests’ mouths, and they began to run away. But most of the crowd, who had come just for the morning prayer -  had moved toward the queen. 
Athaliah saw that and called to her men: “Enough.” She was afraid of a bloodshed, and  started to retreat with her guards toward the entry. 
At that moment Mathan arrived from outside.  He was dressed in a new blue gown – with the drawings of Baal and Ashera idols on its chest. Two Flower Priests attacked him,  clasped his arms and avoided his further move. He tried to push them back, but they succeeded to hold him.
Athaliah turned to Yehoyada, who was staying ten steps from her. She pointed on Mathan. 
“High Priest of God. Order your men to release the Baal  priest. Or - you want us to use our weapons here? This is a holy place for all!”  
Yehoyada indicated the Flower Priests to release Mathan. The Baal priest  was rushing to stand near Athaliah. 
“I see, “ said Yehoyada to Athaliah, “that you have come with one purpose: to iritate us…” 
“You take care,” she shouted, “that I shall not bring you to justice for conspiracy.”
“Conspiracy?  With who?”
“With Jehu. You have received  messages from him , I know that.”
“You’re kidding.” said the High Priest. “Why had you suddenly recalled that blame on me?”
Athaliah indicated her soldiers to drive out all the crowd by force, which they did. At last only three young ardent priests had  remained with their Head in the Temple. 
Athaliah, escorted by two guards, three soldiers and Mathan- walked back to the altar. From there they turned to the velvet crimson curtain hanged on the opposite wall. A soldier with a back-bag, made of sheepskin, followed them, and Mathan soon asked him to to pull out tools  contained in it. The soldier showed him a shovel, an ax and a hammer, and put them on the floor..  
 Yehoyada and the three Flower Priests stepped forward, towards Athaliah. It seemed that they understood for what purpose were those tools exhibited to their eyes.
Mathan pointed to the soldiers on the crimson curtain. They were running toward it, tools in hands. Athaliah and Mathan followed them in a rush, and soon were standing to look at the soldiers: One of them tore out the curtain by a sharp spear he was holding.  Behind the curtian was revealed a wooden wall. The queen approached another step forward, and the soldiers began to hack the wall’s boards by the ax and hammer.
Yehoyada and the Flower Priests hurried toward them with terrifying cries. The Queen and Mathtan  – called additional soldiers, that came running, and stayed as a living chain around the queen and her Baal Priest. They soon got a sign from Athaliah to attack Yehoyada, who was continually shouting:
“Foreign Queen! what are you going to do?”
His scream stopped the soldiers from using their tools to break the wall. 
“I’ll search there for your gold.” Shouted Athaliah, “Wherefrom shall I take more  money  to defend the land? Or to store the poor harvest? You know well, how much of our fruits and wheat had been lost recently. Either in preparing the war with Jehu, or by the winter’s frost.”
“We have no hidden treasures here!” shouted the High Priest.
“Stop talking, I want to pray now,” said the queen, raising her both hands and kneeling down: “God and to Baal! I call you both,  Sublime Gods! Don’t you hear my cry at all?” She rose up to her feet and rebuked the Priest and his assistants: “You, Priests – don’t understand, that we are in a great despair? can’t you see our situation? Soon we will be besieged by atrocious Jehu…You had to offer me your treasures.  Even without bothering me to arrive here!” 
Her eyes became full of hatred  at Yehoyada,  and she said:
“Enough with games and hypocrisy, my son-in-law! Tell me - where exactly is the gold? Only you, mister, know where the treasure of king David is hidden. I don’t demand that for my selfish needs, but for our kingdom. Jehu would soon  to ruin this holy Temple, and send you to hell…Or to kneel to the Calf in Beth El!…” 
“Your soldiers’ contaminated hands,” he said, “have just begun Jehu’s task! They tore down the curtian of the Holy of Holies chamber. God shall punish you, intruder.”  
“Don’t threat me.” she roared,  “God punishes whoever and whenever he wants. His Deeds are based on a mere chance. You are foolish enough, to believe in his calculative qualities to differentiate between good and evil.” She had known that her mockery would bring more fire, and he would dare to continue to challenge her. She was like enjoying the loud verbal conflict  for the sake of  a good show.  
“Please, Lady Athaliah,” Yehoyada implored,  “Spare God’s revenge on us!  Into the sacred chamber behind the curtain - only I myself should enter! And only once a year, in Yom Kippur.”
“Why?  Your God is invisible!  D’you want to tell me He’s hiding there?”  
“No. But only there - I can feel His touch of spirit. There - I beg Him to forgive all of our people, atone our sins. Not to forsake us to your mercy, madam!” 
“If so- I,  the Queen, will visit His room  with  you – right now! Tell this to God!”
Athaliah pushed the High Priest aside by her elbow and cried to her soldiers: “Take him out! Take him!”  In his anger he  tried to grab her arm, but the soldiers rushed, dragging him aside.   
The three Flower Priests  approached the wooden wall, and tried to snatch the tools from the breakers hands. Athaliah’s soldiers pulled out their bayonets, and stabbed the Flower priests in their arms, pushing them to fall down bleeding in dread on the floor. Then they trod on their hands, avoiding them to run out. However, no one of the soldiers touched Yehoyada, who was still staying aside, near the Holy Chamber’s wall, deparate and helpless. At last he pointed on his chest, and told Athaliah:  
“Kill me first, Queen! Before I see you despise our holliest place!” 
She indicated her soldiers to take him out of the area. He screamed – but the soldiers were grabbing him tightly; he could not  move, and covered his face by his palms. The sound of the hammer and ax breaching the holliest camber had terrified him, and his legs trembled. ‘Never it had happened,’ he murmured,’ God – break them all by a plague of pestilence, like you had done to Pharaoh. Or make the earth open its mouth and swallow Athaliah and her followers, like you  had destroyed Korakh and his men.”     
The breach in the wall was widened and enlarged. At last it enabled all Athaliah’s group to penetrate inside and have a look: It was a small chamber, about 10X30 man’s walking steps.  It had a small pillar at its center, on which the Two Board Stones of Moses had been set up on a  low stoned  table. 
“I am standing in the Holy of Holies of God!” Mathan boasted loudly, “I am striding in his private garden! The curse of Baal has fallen upon this place. It’s nothing  but a mere rock of flint! Not even smoothed over….Ha Ha Ha!” 
But then he thought: ‘It seems like the high priests over the generations had been wiser than us. They had known that God is not any material. So they symbolized his Potentcy by the mere stone, that men can shape and write God’s Commandments on it.”
“I’m really…sorry,” he told the frustrated queen in a trembling voice,“We find here nothing. I wonder about that.” 
“No box, no gold?! You stupid Mathan…” she reproached him, “But wait. No is not an answer for me. Take yourself a dagger. No, the hammer and the shovel. Dig deeply. You - with your own hands…I’m sure that it’s not a legend, what you have heard, while being still God’s priest!  There should be some treasure here. I feel its flash in my internal eyes!”       
Athaliah left angrily the small room. She faced High Priest Yehoyada, who had been still held by her soldiers, chains on his feet, under his long robe.  
“Well,” said the queen to their commander, “Release  this  man. My  heart has become painfull, from pity on my daughter, and on her children. They could have remained without their father, their  master….But you”- she told Yehoyada,  “should   jail  yourself  in a home–custody, understand? Until I’ll get from you or from your people - thousand gold Shekels. That’ the amount I need. You’ll bring it, by hook or by crook!” 
Meanwhile Mathan took the shovel. He began digging in the stony floor at the right chamber’s corner. Soon he heard a dim metalic noise, bursting from under the ground. 
Beside him was one of the soldiers, who was holding the spade. Both were now digging intensively and rapidly. An old wooden box wrapped by copper belts  was exposed to their eyes.  They hacked around it with their tools – taking out the rocky ground aside it. When it had been completely released from sand and stones, they emerged it from its location and set it on the floor. Then  broke its green rusted copper lock - by two hacks of the ax..
Mathan enthusiastically opened the box upper wooden cover: Gold blocks and precious stones were flickering from there, and he sent his fingers to touch them. 
“Queen, come quickly!” He shouted, seeing that she had left without closing the broken door. She heard him from far and came back to the sacred chamber.
“Here is our treasure!” he exclaimed to her. She rushed toward him, and was already bending to glance at the finding. She sent her fingers to gather gold pieces in her hands, and was kissing them with a smile of satisfaction. 
“Good Baal and Ashera! Thank you for inserting brains in our hollowed heads!..Soldiers,” she said, “Take me with this box to my palace. I don't need that for decoration- but to pay the constructors of our ramparts.”
“Shall we try to dig more?” asked Mathan.
“No, It’s enough,” she said. “Let our goldsmith Korakh- estimate the gold and jewells’ value.” 
Athaliah was leaving the Holy Chamber. Two soldiers were carrying the box  into her carriage, where she was seated with Mathan. When they came with the treasure inside the palace, they decended downstairs to the wines’ basement, and Athaliah’s slaves laid the box there. All happened at the middle of  the day… The two lovers entered Athalya’s bedroom and celebrated the event by making love. She promised to order for him a gloden ornamented robe. In the afternood they called the goldmith, and showed him samples of the gold and jwellery stones.  He told them his estimate, and they concluded that the whole would be sufficient to cover the cost of hiring seven  hundred men for three years. Not bad, said Athaliah.



CHAPTER 14


On the following week began the works of strengthening the wall. Mathan used to visit Athaliah almost every night. In one of those nights, while both were strolling in her garden, he grabbed again his bamboo cane. He  took  it over to his right eye, viewing the sky, and said:
“Tonight we have a new amazing message.” 
At the middle of the ‘sky cap’, he really saw a new vision. 
“Oh, a complicated structure,” he told the queen, “Wait! I understand what it is.”
The stars on the middle of the sky were organized in a shape of a BALANCE, in its common shape of those days;( it is still used nowadays in the periphery of some mideast countries, where electronic equipment has not arrived yet). 
 The view was like the following:

*
*
*
* * * * * *
*               *
****         ****

Mathan  handed the cane to Athaliah, directing  her hand with his hand.  She soon discerned that stars’ position, and asked:
“D’you know what does that mean?”
 He nodded. “I guess it’s weigning pros versus cons about something…”
“It hints me,” she said, “that I should organize a Trial - a Court Martial to the murderes of  David’s dynasty. Ha Ha Ha! I’ve arranged that, according to the army commanders request.”
She saw that Mathan had become pale faced. She picked his belly by her finger.
“Are you worried, man?” she said, then dropped the cane and pointed on him with it:  “You will be the Chief Judge there, Priest Mathan!” 
“Thank you. You should invite,”  he said, “some respectable and honorable men and women to sit within the audience.. Justice should be seen and heard. The commanders, as well as simple citizend should  be convinced, that their queen’s hands are neat. She has to be thought as the most remarkable, pious and just queen - ever seen…”
“I will send my servants,” she remarked. “with small papyrus notes of invitation…to some God’s believers. They are the people most concerned. They are very bothered, with king David’s offspring death cases , Ha ha!” …
“Thank you,” Mathan said. He kissed her. Knowing that he should hurry to arrange the event, he asked her some gold coins for that.
“I can’t rescue myself nor you- without smearing many palms with rustling coins, queen. It’s self understandable.”
“You calculate and write every cost, “she said, “Create a coded nemenclature for that big opertaion.”  He nodded, and hurried in a constructive enjoyable tension to his task.

Yehoyada and yehosheva were riding their donkeys in the way leading to the army  camp ‘Headquarters.’ General Abner was waiting for them before the gate, as for twenty other leaders of the Jerusalemite community.   
After the High Priest and Yehosheva had tied their donkeys reins to a tree, the general approached them and they shook hands. 
“Commander,” asked him Yehoyada, severe faced, “do you still believe in God?”
“How could… your Highness,” said the General in a murmur of surprise, “doubt about that?”
“You have certainly heard about the queen’s burglary of the Temple. Has she brought that to your knowledge?”
“Yes,” said Abner, “I opposed that, but I can’t prevent her personal guard to confiscate property. She declared to me, that the gold will be used for the sake of …”
“Yes,  Jerusalem’s defence. I can’t believe her…” 
“Sir, she had already handed a part of the gold to me.” Said Abner, “It’s already in the army’s cash box. We have hired today hundred builders for repairing the citywall. Please, be calm. Not every step taken by her is evil.”
“God’s defiance has become her habit. Her rude behavior signifies to everbody, that our beliefs, traditions, and most sacred place -  are worth nothing…You could have prevented her from breaking into our Holy of Holies. God dislikes the one who hesitate to fight for his name.”     
“I would have expected Him…“ said Abner, pointing above- and his guests discerned on his face an expression of despair,  “and prayed to Him-  to show all of us… more of his signs. Why had our forefathers seen his marvellous acts? It seems, that for us -  less and less has been left.”  
“We know the Lord’s outrage about the wickedness of our people to each other. He knows  their vicious  Idols’ whorship…We can’t ask Him - to bow to our caprices and faults…We are sinful, and every God believer  knows and believes in it! And you should too, sir!”
Abner became silent, while they were passing the camp’s gate. The guards saluted them, standing erect.
“I really think,” said Abner, while walking beside Yehosheva, “that God has his own time-table.  We should be patient, like Him.” 
“That’s well said,” remarked Yehosheva, “but this evil woman, my Mom, has already accumulated too much power. She should be limited. Arrested - or deported. I won’t interfere in the army’s business, but…”
“I am not a politician nor clergyman, my friends,” apologized Abner, “I have invited you here, by Athaliah’s order, to attend a trial. It would show, she said, her innocence regarding rumors, that had been flying in the air like dark ravens. They croack  her satisfaction…from the recent killings, but we shall  hear witnesses to the sad events, hopefully.” 
The three visitors arrived at the Commanders’ large tent. They saw  an audience of twenty people gathered there already. All were sitting on  stone benches,  facing a small table. Ahead of it were seated already  five persons: 
One of them was Mathan, and at his two sides – a priest of God, a priest of Baal, – in addition to himeself-  a captain from the army. At the table’s side was seated  a man, holding before him a feather and an inkwell.   
One  of  God’s  priests had been reading in silence from a scroll. He stopped, as he heard whispers coming from the crowd: “Look! Look!”- and saw already some audience( most of them army officers) pointing on the open entry curtain, where Yehoyada, Abner  and Josabeth appeared. They soon took  their seats in the first row of stone benches. A soldier served water to them from a brown jug. 
“Now let’s begin,” said  Mathan, rising from his seat. “I am honored to open this  special Court, in order  to investigate the murders of twelve innocent people, in the past week. Most of them were relating to King David’s dynasty….” 
“Blasphemous Baal Priest!” interrupted him Yehoyada, rising on his place, “I want to protest. This trial’s procedure has been organized by the ruler, Lady Athaliah! How could she nominate you as chairman, Baal Priest? You are neither a judge - nor a policeman in this holy city.” 
“Well, I simply obey my Queen,” said Mathan, pretending piety, “she has appointed this whole court, sir. Don’t you believe me? Please, ride your ass – and ask the queen. She's your mother-in-law, isn’t she?”
There was a break of laughter by the audience. Some young officers of the army burst in whistles. Mathan indicated the Scribe to stand up. The man was shyly bending to the audience, while signing a  'scroll document'. 
“This trial’s procedure contradicts our holy tradition of justice,” continued Yehoyada, “Only the Elders should be judges in  Judea. Not foreign priests, nor an army commander, nor even God’s priest!”
“This case is a special one, so had decided her Majesty,” said Mathan, “The assassinations had been  so cruel and bloody…so that this special Court was constituted on the alert. It  is an act of emergency, demanded by many citizens.” 
“If so -  Why hasn’t my mother herself,” asked Yehosheva, “come to attend this Court? At least –open its  first meeting?”
“The Queen has to rule the kingdom, madam. She has no idle time for us, I’m sorry.”
Mathan rang a bell, that was set before him on the table. Yehoyada and his wife looked around, decided to stay despite their protest, and sat down. They saw four Guards enter the court’s tent, bringing  with them three persons, chained in their legs and hands. Mathan nodded to them, recognizing them as his hired assasines. His face remained frozen , while he turned to one of these prisoners in haste, pointing  on him:
“You!  Tell us where you are from,” he said.
“Abel, a small village in the morthern  Galilee,” said the man.
“Why have you come here, to Jerusalem?”
“I was ordered by my commander to penetrate Judea. ”
“were you a soldier in Jehu’s army?”  asked Mathjan. The condemned nodded. 
“Whereto were you sent?” 
“Town of Lakhish.” 
“What was your task there?” asked Mathan.
“To Kill an offspring of King David: Malki-shua. In his own house. And…These men helped me.”  He pointed on the two other prisoners.
“Did you escape, just after  you’ve accomplished your mission?”
“We've tried, but were captured by Judea’s soldiers.” 
“Can you prove to us,“ intervened one of the judges, who was a priest of God,  “that you were in service- in Jehu’s army?” 
The prisoner shook  his head: No!
“Perhaps you’ve had with you some special weapon?  Or a part of uniform, or dress, that would convince us about your identity?”
The prisoner shook again his head: “No! but you- sir, should know…”  he pointed on Mathan, who rose from his seat, indicating him to stop talking. He turned to a guard and whispered to him: “Bring here the fourth prisoner.”
A shabby dressed man, elder than the others, had been dragged  - from outside. He stood  before the audience, only his legs chained, and bowed to them like an actor on a stage. Many raised their heads to have a better look at him.  .  
“Look at this man,” Mathan told the judges, pointing on him, “he has remained from another group sent by Jehu. All his comrades were killed by our border keepers…. Now,” he turned to the man, “show us the articles that Jehu has sent to us by you.” 
The prisoner fumbled in a pocket of his torn cotton coat. He pulled out  five  worn out white beige bones. They had been dirty, like smeared by dirt. 
“Put these on the table,” said the Chief Judge Mathan. The man threw the bones on the table with a noice. The audience were looking in surprise at the strange articles. 
“Tell us what are these,” said Mathan.
”You see the fingers’ bones of Jezebel, ex-queen of Israel. Jezebel, who had been  killed by  Jehu  order in Jezerel. ” 
“My grandmother, Jezebel! O’ God!” shouted Yehosheva. Her husband tried to calm her.   
“How had the bones come to you?’ asked him Mathan.
“Our commander had received them from king Jehu. He sent them with me.”    
“To who?”  
“To Judea’s ruler, Queen Athaliah!  To  frighten her, show her that Jehu would break her bones too… Long live Jehu!”
Mathan turned to the four condemned soldiers, and shouted at them: 
“You bloody murderers! You wanted to incite Judea, to make our country fall as a ripe fruit in our enemy’s hands! You killed innocent families from the dynasty of king David, for what purpose? In order to make the people forget the family,  that had ruled Judea  hundred  years and more? To forget its flashing crown?!”
The judges, including Mathan, bent down to get closer. They  were whispering to each other, discussing what more should be heard, if at all. The audience remained seated, and even the High Priest was very impressed from the testimony they had all just listened to.  
Mathan and the other  judges rose to their feet, and the captives’ were ordered to stand erect.
“We announce our verdict,” said Mathan ,”is very clear: Death- to all.”  
He stroke with his ornamented staff on the table. The other judges nodded and joined him by saying: “Yes, death by hanging, till their sould will emerge from their sinful bodies.!”
They judges put their signatures on a papirus that the writer handed them from his side seat.  
The audience rose from their seats, and people began leaving the big tent. 

The four ‘assassines' hanging process' was taking place in the same camp’s broad field: Yehoyada and  his wife were staying nearby with Abner to look at the execution. They had known that the scene would be hard to watch, but wanted to verify that Mathan would not cheat in something. The gallows were simple trees, that ropes were tied to their thick branches. 
Mathan himself was going to be the hanger. Before the condemned ‘bones prisoner’ was dragged thereby to be hanged,  Mathan listened to him, while he was begging for his life:
“Why are you going to hang me, sir? I helped you so much!  You had lied to me!” 
Mathan kicked his testicles, and called a soldier standing by. He handed him two pieces of cloth, and the soldier sticked them into the mouth of the criminal.  
“The investigation was too short,” whispered  High  Priest Yehoyada to Abner and Yehosheva, “No cross examination at all. It was a defective process.” 
“The queen wrote to me a note,” said the General ,”that  it  should  be a very quick, like a court martial, as we are on a verge of war with Jehu. The happenings were connected with Jehu’s conspiration…But dear High Priest, you have seen these condemned. They had admitted their crimes. To what more could we expect? My have captured those men, so they said.” 
Yehoyada changed worried looks with his wife. At that time - four corpses had been already dangling on the gallows.
“Now we should pray to God, “ remarked the High Priest, “that He will strengthen us against Jehu! If that is the real situation.”
“Those bones are terrifying me,” said his wife,”They should be buried respcctfully…”
They drove their donkeys home in silence, their thoughts like sinking in deep water without an end.     
At that night - Mathan and Athaliah became drunk from joy: Athaliah knew she had overcome the most dangerous obstacle that could have risen regarding her murderous crimes. She did not know how to thank her lover. 
She rendered him one hundred gold Shekels, a part of the treasure she had confiscated in the Temple. She was now very encouraged, sure in her ability to win the rule over the country. 



CHAPTER 15 


More than a month had passed without any worthy event to report about. However, one midnight Athaliah was striding out again with her man Mathan in the flowers’ garden of the palace. She requested him to have again a look at the stars’ map situation. She became quite a worshiper of Mathan’s ‘professional astrological skyscope’. 
Mathan was setting up his bamboo cane close to his eye. After looking over for a minute  he burst in a shout: 
“Amazing message!” - he stretched  his  hand, delivering the bamboo cane to  his sweatheart Athaliah. She was looking while he was embracing and caressing her:.
The stars were shaping a CHARIOT, driving from LEFT TO RIGHT, like this: 
   *..
* * * * *
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
   *   *   *    *   *   *   *  *   *   *   *
   *   *   *  
*  *  *  *  * 
*   *   *   *  
   *   *  *
“A royal Chariot,” said Athaliah in excitement, “but… without horses. And  no driver. What does that mean?…  It vanished! The vision has vapoured.” 
“Jehu would be soon galooping back to the north. He will leave our borders.  Aram is threatening him again, certainly. I have heard that news from my agent.” 
“No more an overwhelming enemy against me?!” cried Athaliah, “ I can’t believe it yet…Oh, powerful Baal. Oh,  amazing Ashera!” 
Athaliah fell to Mathan’s arms and they were kissing. 
“I’ll check this news with Abner,” she said, “If this prophecy of yours has become real, I will hand you the Temple of Ashera, which is now in my ownership. It had been built by king Solomon for his wife from Tyre in Lebanon. Use my hundred gold currency - to rebuild it…”
“A plenty of gold has remianed now,” said Mathan, “There will not be a further need to fasten our wall, or take new soldiers. The  enemy dived into Chaos! Blesssed be our Idols.”
Athaliah said, as to herself: “I can bless also the God of Israel. Perhaps he has changed his mind about me.”  They laughed together at that idea.
    Next morning Athaliah told Mathan, who had slept with her- to order her guards to harness two donkeys.
“I must see if Jehu’s withdrawal is real. I will go with you to glimpse at Beth El Temple from far. I was informed that his army had been  there before. ”
“Very good,” said Mathan, “ I know a hill there, from which you can have a nice observation of the northern front. But…you should notify Army Commander Abner about that.”
“I’ve done that already, when we have travelled together again along the ramparts. He only demanded, that I will be disguised, when I travel around . Well…” 
The two riders, Atahliah and Mathan, were disguised as shepherds, dressed in cotton worn grey gowns, their heads wrapped by kerchiefs, like ‘Kafias’ nowadays. It was a warm day of automn, and a slight shower dropped from the sky. The riders arrived to a medium height hill,  where they met two shepherds, who had come with a small herd to the place.  They were Athaliah’s guards, having spears in their scabbards. Their bows and arrows were put in a sack, that Mathan had hanged on his donkey’s-back.   
Athaliah and  Mathan had left their animals to the guards’ watch, and walked toward a high cliff. Up there they found a concave, and were trying to hide in it. The  guards were staying down, some fifty steps from their place, sneaking looks over and above them.  One of them had a small flute, by which he was playing oriental melodies to his sheep.
From the concave the queen and her Baal Priest took a sight of the whole area. It was like a colored rug, woven by patches of  green small valleys and brown grey hills.  On one of them the travellers soon discerned a stone temple, surrounded by three small wooden huts.
They saw the statue of the Calf (or the Bull- as the idols worshippers called it) its head made of stone coated by gold. It was erected as usual on top of the  Temple’s flat roof.  Three priests were seen walking in its court. Also on its right side there were seen small cloth-made tents, seemingly used by regular soldiers.
“Look at the Calf statue!” said Athaliah , “I’ve thought that Jehu- a God believer-  would break it to pieces. It’s an idol. Maybe he has my belief in two gods. So, why has he killed my family? I swear again that I shall revenge.”
“Jehu knows,” said Mathan, “that people must look at something, in order to believe that it exists at all. The problem with the God of Israel is its invisibility – having no shape…  Hard for people to believe in such a pure spiritual entity!” 
“Yes, we always need to see and touch something physical. Isn’t it so, my strong ox?” She pinched Mathan by his ass, and he knew she had been satisfied, seeing at present no large troops staying at Jehu’s sacred place. 
She kissed him, and he was bearing her in his arms to a hidden crevice in the depth of the concave. They wanted to be left alone, to make more love - without being seen by their curious guards. But soon they were interrupted. One of their disguised shepherds climbed nearby, and called loudly: 
“Her majesty!  Take a look, Jehu’s army is marching in a distance, fully equipped.”   Mathan and the queen got out of their hiding place and were looking far:
About thirty  armed warriors were seen at the right side of the temple, emerging from their tents. A squad of ten men was training arrow shooting to targets,  set up at a plain field not far. Others soldiers were just staying ahead of the temple’s entry- and waiting.  
Suddnly there arrived a horse rider, wearing a feathers’ helmet. His shouts were heard from far, and the training troop had stopped. The soldiers re-organised to three rows, standing erect.  Then all were running to theit tents, and the Temple’s courtyard became again empty.  They got out very soon, each carrying a bag or cloths package, wrapped with some grey sheet, or sheep’s leather blanket. The soldiers were re-arranged in rows, then began moving out of the area, toward the north.
“Hopefully,” said Mathan, “my agents will know exactly what all this would mean.”
“It seems like we see in our eyes the real withdrawal; it’s not a camouflage,” said Athaliah. 
“We have prayed for it,” said Mathan.. 
The queen waved her hands to the guards standing not far, at the hillside. They brought back the donkeys, and soon all crossed the gate at Jerusalem’s wall.
In the afternoon the tired queen returned to her palace. She went to her room, to take a slumber. Her guards, who saw like her – the withdrawal of Jehu’s troop, soon spread the rumor about that in town.. 
Later that day young Prophet Joseph was surrounded by a group of youths at the gate of the queen’s palace. He was holding his shepherd’s staff in hand, and waving it while declaiming in his soprano- but unrelenting voice:
“Oh, people of Judea! God will punish you. God mocks at your mildness, obeying the pagan Queen. ...And you, Queen Athaliah, don’t rejoice about Jehu’s retreat. God will hurt you in another way - for your heavy sins. Beware of Him!  People of Judea, repent to God!”  
The High Priest and Yehosheva were passing by an alley, leading from the Temple toward the palace. They had just sneaked to visit the baby in the cave, for a few minutes. While they approached the palace gate, Yehoyada nodded to prophet Joseph. The Prophet bowed to both riders, but suddenly jumped toward the Priest’s donkey, and held its rein to stop its drive. 
“Sir,” he said to Yehoyada, “may I know where my fiance is? I haven’t seen Nefertita more than a week. Please, I am worried about her.”
“Don’t worry. Nefertita is safe,” said the High Priest very shortly. 
The prophet wanted to say something else, but the High Priest pulled the rein from his hand,   and his sandaled feet hit his animal’s belly to make it run forward. Yehoyada and Yehosheva with their donkeys disappeared from Joseph’s sight very quickly. 
 
Athaliah announced a Feast for the people, to celebrate Jehu’s withdrawal from Judea’s borders. His troops were seen walking to the north, not only from Beth-El, but also from the east and west borders of Judea. Abner’s spies, some being in service of Jehu’s army in the other fronts, reported that their retreat was final. Northern Israel’s frontiers had been threatened now by Hazael, king of Aram. He was a usurper of the crown in Aram, being before an Officer in king Ben-Haddad of Aram’s army, who  had been a permanent enemy also of Joram and Jezebel. So, kingdoms’  rulers had  changed all over the mid-east map, but their hatred to their neighbors was inherent in their policy. Disagreement about who will rule and where in the ‘wild Mid-east’ had not been changed since then. (In the middle ages that area was ‘more lazy and quite sleepy’, except in the time of the Crusaders… Nowadays, however, the Bibles’ political–social struggle, inside and outside, has returned vigorously. People still believe that God had caused it, and would interfere for their favor in the deadly struggles. Is human being’s real peace everywhere still an illusion?) 
The celebration for Judea’s ‘Relief from Jehu’ had taken place in God Temple’s courtyard. God Priests, as well as Levitins (singers and gatekeepers, priests’ assistans ) and common people –  were all invited. Also Baal worshippers got the right to enter, and enjoy the festivity, that included entertainment of singing, foods and drinks. 
Chief priest Yehoyada was the one who had suggested to Athaliah that the holy Temple would be used for that event. She wished  at first to organize the celebration in her courtyard. However, she could not promise that all the served food there will be purely Kosher. Yehoyada told her: 
“You  certainly know, queen, that  Baal worshippers won’t object to eat our Kosher food. So, let me organize everything. I can keep the food under my control, and both religions’ followers will be satisfied. Only the  payment should be on your account.”
The queen was eager to to  show  the people’s unity  under her flag - in that first special event  for the rescue of Judea from a difficult war. She had agreed even to Yehoyada’s decision to set Baal believers  separated from God’s believers. That would prevent  quarrels and hits between the two religious groups...  
About five hundred citizens came to the celebration. Many of them were destitutes, who arrived just to taste good baked sheep’s meat, eat sweet grapes and juicy granates and baked apples.  
Mathan, who had been already  nominated as chief Baal’ priest, agreed not to hold a prayer of his own in that event. He let his previous boss, Yehoyada- to lead the whole ceremony, with tables loaded by plenty of food and drinks, including old wines. 
“Dear citizens,” said Yehoyada to the celebrating people, “we bring our thankgiving to God for a great miracle. He rescued us from the hands of the brutal ‘Ox Statue‘ worshipper Jehu. This criminal claims to believe in the God of Israel, but opposes this Holy Temple. He still continues to sacrifice in Beth-El, which is contrary to our belief in one God and One Temple to worship Him...”
However, before any food had been brought by the stewards to the tables, suddenly Athaliah rose from her seat at the ‘Respectables’ table’. She insisted to walk with her four headguards to the kitchen: It had been set up in the courtyard’s corner, inside a large tent. Yehoyada tried to avoid Athaliah’s intermission in the cooks’ work, but in vain. 
“Dear husband of my daughter,” she said very stoutly, “My duty as a queen –is to  to inspect this place personally. I want to see the priests, who are working here - boiling, cooking, and fraying the foods. I live now in a great danger, Since the terrible poisoning of my late brother in Samaria, I know that I should beware especially the prophets and ‘sons of prophets’, but lately, as you know- I had acquired a lot of God’s priests hatred. I know that many want to kill me, the remnant of Ahab’s dynasty. I have quarreled with you -  about the legitimacy of my rulling Judea, you remember…”
“Yes, but I’ve thought that all is over now,” said Yehoyada. She shook her head: No. 
“The devils tiny delgates,” she mocked, “might be in any food, sir. I must see somebody tasting the food before it gets to my table.  I do like that at my home in the royal palace, why not here? I can’t rely on anyone. ..”
“All right,”  surrendered the High Priest, and came with her to stand at the smoky kitchen, among the boiling pots and the stoned furnace. 
“What is the first food, that you’d like to taste or inspect?” he asked Athaliah. She came to stand near a foaming-boiling pot, and removed its tin cover. She turned to a  cook who was standing thereby and  told him:
“You take a big spoon – and taste these green beans. Now, before my eyes.”
“I can’t… I have an acute…pain in stomach.” said the man. Athaliah indicated her guards to arrest him. She turned to the chief cook, and ordered him to taste the beans. He did that, and she stayed next to him while his mouth was quickly swallowing a bowel of beans. She ordered another one to taste the meat, boiled in a copper pot, and he showed her how he was chewing and swallowing it. Then he sipped some soup produced from that meat. 
Athaliah indicated the chief cook, that now he could begin serving food to the tables. The tall man’s hands suddenly held his belly. His face became grimaced and he murmured some vague words. Then his mouth gargled and he collapsed on the floor. Athaliah’s headguards’ Officer called additional soldiers to come in. She ordered them to arrest all the cooks and stewards, and ban the entries and exits to the broad kitchen’s tent.
The Chief Priest of God could not hide his confusion and frustration. “Oh, God,” he said, “My purpose was good in gathering the people here. But maybe you, my Lord- became angry, that I’ve agreed to collaborate with Idols worshippers…”
Then he told the queen: “Maybe it had been only by… a spell of an eye…or by chance, that our cook had collapsed? Please, be patient.  Investigate this case very thoroughly.”
“I’ll do that,” she said, cynically, “you can return to your seat at the table. Don’t talk in public about this kitchen’s terrible event. Better hold a speech about this world - and about the world aftermath. Really, the two worlds seem to me very similar to each other. Don’t you agree? Here are evil doers prospering, and there they are burning in the furnace of hell…So, what’s the difference? Ha Ha !”
Athaliah decided to remove only the suspected beans, and pour them to the garbage. Soon the stewards distributed all the rest to the people, whose hunger was growing while waiting so long.  The cook’s funeral had taken place in the late evening. But the simple cooks celebrated, rejoicing that their souls were rescued from Athaliah’s grip. Some told that they had really suspected their chief’s  wish to cause a disaster. Some said he had been really crazy, and that simply- his heart could not bear the pressure, caused by being suspected personally by the queen. 
PART  THREE

CHAPTER 16


It was almost a year after Athaliah had taken the reins of reigning the ‘Queendom’ in Jerusalem. It was Rosh Hashona – New year’s Holiday. People were coming to the Temple for listening to the Shofar’s blowings  (Shofar is a horn of Kosher animal, at those days mainly a deer or sheep) and to pray to God for a successful new year. People would stand in rows in the Temple, the Taliths’ (Jewish special cloth for prayers) and beg God to atone their sins in the previous year, and make them be rightous and pious in the future. 
 “People of Judea and Israel! God will hear our Shofar blows, and rise to defend us everywhere! But he would not atone our past sins - untill we swear to him with pure heart and good wish- to repent fully to him…The Almighty shall bless your towns and your homes, dear people, as well as your families and your fields and your sheep, your cattle, your slavesyou’re your maidservants... Amen.” 
He had reiterated that rhetorical bless many times.  Most of the pilgrims in that holiday –men and women- arrived till noon time. Then the Chief Priest stopped blessing. He intended to take a rest by sitting inside and order two Flower priests to begin with the Shofar Blowings procedure;  But he suddenly discerned Prophet Joseph  running toward the low stage, where he was standing. Joseph was calling very excited:
“Please hear me, Your Higness!  the Queen’s soldiers snatch virgin teenage girls - from the streets of Jerusalem. It’s an unprecedented event, sir.”
“Where have you seen that?”
“In the slope of the Temple street and in the Cedars street,  and I was told of other places.”
“Testify what you have seen in your own eyes,” said the High Priest.
“I have seen four rapers undressing two girls. The Queen suddenly came. She was looking from her driving chariot at the abuse, and was laughing derisively at the view… The criminals are soldiers, from Baal worshippers’ batallion. I recognized one of them, but not by his name. ” 
“Damned Athaliah, Jezebel’s daughter,” said Yehoyada, “She has intentionally declared our holiday also as Idol Ashera’s Festivity day! This was her trick, to attract the youngsters of Judea to the erotic dances. Criminals Idols’ worshippers…But what shall I do, God? .. What?”
He was like talking to himself, but the prophet dared to advice him:
“Call the people from here, who are faithful to God. Lead all of us to protest, sir!  We should  rebel! If not now- when? From now on - every ceremony or meeting of God’s Believers  will be contaminated by her troops... Poor girls! We should do something, sir ”
“I can’t cause riots,” said the High Priest, “I have no power. I should not sacrifice young flower priest to be stroked to death by her Baal’s armed men. They will kill without a second thought.  God Believers are now the minority within the army. And she ordered Abner – to send them to the far distant frontiers. We believe that God will be with us, but He demands us to restrain ourselves.”                   
Young prophet Joseph left the Temple’s courtyard and rushed back to the streets, in which he saw the wild rape by drunken soldiers. He continued to see uniformed men coming to dancers’ circles, carrying more abducted girls with torn dresses. Their upper bodies were exposed, and the wild males were grabbing their breasts fiercely, their sharp wine smell carried out in the air. Some were kissing swooning girls lying on the ground, and some – who snatched their victim and brought them  on horsebacks  or on oxenbacks, tied  in ropes – persuaded their friends to take part in their loot. The group rapes was applauded by the queen, who would order her servants to approach a gang  and bring the guys wine and cakes for inflamimg the  festivity fire.
The soldiers were talkng rudely to the girls, who most of them were crying. Some of the rapers were throwing the young women on the ground after lying with them once or twice. Voices of sighs and sobs were echoing under the trees. Especailly  those girls who suffered violent gang-raping, had been left naked and their dresses disappeared. Some had been strangled, brought to unconsciousness, then raped again and again. No one came to help them, till the evening – when the prophet had mobilized two priests, who had dared to join him to the woods of rape, bringing some dresses to the maidens. When they arrived there-  the girls’ dreadful screams were still filling the air. The prophet saw two girls’ naked corpses lying on the ground.  They had been slaughtered, after having kicked a soldier in his testicles. ..The girl who told that to the prophet had succeeded to escape and hide somewhere… 
“There were wild males  jolting around, kissing and caressing and undressing each other in a real orgastic joy,” she said, “Priest’s Baal,  Mathan, was the organizer of that event. I saw  Queen Athaliah inspecting the event from her carriage. She  induced the priest to continue the Show. She was shouting to him: “Now is your chance, Baal’s Priest. Today I permit you to take a new Ashera or a second Baal or whoever. Fuck and die, don’t be shy. I don’t mind!”

That was a crucial day for the God believers. Not only sexual abuse in public had taken place in town. Athaliah soon sent a squad of soldiers – holding swords and shields to the Temple. They burst into the crowd who had filled the courtyard. Their shouts and pushes caused  people to escape from the holy place, but many were attacked and blown by Athaliah’s gangs. Three Flower Priests tried to avoid soldiers from reaching Yehoyada, who was still standing on the low stage at the center. They were brutally hit by sticks and whips of the soldiers, but after a few minutes arrived an officer – who ordered them to stop their brutal activity and let the crowd hear a message. 
He had read it from a scroll, while standing near Yehoyada: 
“I am the herald of queen Athaliah,” he shouted, “silence, God’s believers! This is her announcement: ‘I ,Queen Athaliah, have become to know -  that a rebellion is being boiled in this Temple. Therefore, I declare that ‘From now on - any prayer or sacrifice in the Temple of God is forbidden’. I repeat: Any prayer or sacrifice in the Temple is forbidden. Any protestwer will be caught and arrested. Beware of being executed, citizens. The gallows are not far…”  
Yehoyada was in a shock, and his whole body trembled. He was feeling like his head had been hit. His sight became dazzled, and at first he did not react to the officer’s declaration. After a few minutes, however,  he strengthened and told his audience: 
“We shall not surrender to this wicked order!”-  and the frightened crowd was still like chained to their standing positions:
“God will take revenge on the murderous queen! Dear countrymen, God’s believers, please go now to your homes. Be careful not to quarrel with soldiers or policemen- because that is her wish, to bring  a massacre.. We are living in a hard time, but we’ve prevailed Pharaoh - and will prevail Athaliah! So help us God!”  
Ten Flower Priests came soon to the low stage. Despite the soldiers threatening -they were singing a Psalms chorus. 
The event of closing the Temple had found its nice depiction  in a poem, written by famous French poet Jean Racin, about 2500 years after that event. I have adapted it into nowadays understandable English, (hopefully) with minor changes:  
Song of  ‘Rosh Hashona’ –New Year’s Renewal Day 
Once the trumpet’s sound announced the Year’s Renewal Day.
Now there is sadness over all, we can only in silence pray.
Once masses were coming to the Temple, dressed in white.
Now the altar feels lonely, it looks so dark like night.
A sinful woman’s wickedness has extinguished every light.
By forbidding us to celebrate - she has driven away delight!
But we shall overcome - we’re sure about that, so we feel!
We will strengthen, oh, my friend, we shall win by God’s will

Yehosheva, the queen’s daughter, was also shocked from the rapes, about which she had heard from her desparate husband. She walked among the crowd and asked people if anybody had seen Abner, the Army Commander. But no. He stayed at home. Yehosheva sent her maid to search him there, and his wife – Rachel- rushed to her with her new born baby in hands. She told Yehoshava that her husband was in a great dilema:  
‘I shall not conceal from you, my wife,’ she heard him say, ‘that my heart is full of awe. Queen Ataliah will tear down the High Priest by her anger. She fears his  incitement against her. She threatened even to send him to exile – to the far district of Sodom’.
A day after, General abner arrived secretely in the High Priest’s house. He expressed his fear that his own life had been in danger. Recently the queen had mobilized hundreds of foreigners – Philistines, Knaanites and Edomeans- to the army, without pre-notice. Now, as long as she allows him to remain in his post – he feels he must keep it. She is really afraid of the extreme God-Believers. They threaten to take her life, she says. She had even changed her head-guards, replacing all Judeans by hired Philistines- as a precaution. Her money to hire them will make them loyal and obedient, she thinks. 
“She had robbed our Temple’s gold treasure,” said the High Priest,  “it seems that a lot of it has remained in her hands.” 
“Yes,” confirmed Abner, “she had stopped to strengthen the ramparts, as soon as Jehu had retreated.”  
“She had not returned a farthing to the Temple, the criminal Queen,” sighed angry Yehoyada.  



CHAPTER  17 


Just after that event young Prophet Joseph had left Judea. He was not only desparate from the God Believers’ general situation. He also felt deep frustration from his fiance’s long stay with the baby Elyakim in the cave. He could not meet her, and heard about her a few times through Yehosheva. She informed him that Nefi was well, nothing to worry about. But he was worried - about their relationship. He had felt they were fading each from the other’s sight. Nefi’s existence in his real life had been gone, and his memory would sometimes fail to reconstruct her face exactly, and even remember if one of her teeth had been  really missing, as he saw in his recent dream. 
The prophet asked Yehoyada’s wife to deliver his letter to Nefi. He wrote in it, that he  had heard a voice from God, calling him to Northern Israel. He would join the prophets who still think, that the Calf statue and its followers are an obstacle for reaching again God’s favor, and His willingness  to help and reconstruct his relations with Israel and Judea.
Joseph promised to return as Nefi would get out from her most valuable place. At the end of his letter, Joseph begged Nefi’s pardon: “Please, do not to figure out my travel as a disguise to forsake you, my darling. Your most sacred task there is very dear to my heart,” he continued, “but I understand that my stay in Judea now - is not so imprtant to God. I hope to find, in Samaria or Jezre-el, the ,marvellous Prophet Elisha. I hope to join his disciples, who are called there: “Sons of the Prophets.” The economic and social situation in the North requires men like me, who can help the poor and  feed the hungry and condole the bereaved. Here in Judea, the situation has stabilized. The regime is cruel religion-wise, but the priests and the charity associations that Athaliah had nourished, while being merely the king’s wife – take care of the needy and misfortunate.’ 
Nefi had known that unlike her, Joseph’s spirit would famish, if he would not  be continually involved with society. He had an ardent wish to  to harangue before a community, and influence people by his opinions. Many who know him - would appreciate his oratory capability and eloquent poetry. Of course, all that is for God’s sake, but also for satisfying his egotism…But he is right- so she thought- claiming that his success in Judea is limited. Most of God believers’ congregations had long been preached by the priests, and a remarkable prophet had not  appeared yet…
Joseph thought that prophecy is an art that could be learned – even if it all depends on God. He felt that staying with other peculiar persons similar to him- would elaborate his skills as a poet, and  orator. He was sometimes left aside like a stranger - by the Judean God’s believers. They saw the ‘Temple  ceremonies  and  Maintenance’ as the main duty and goal of religious people…In Jerusalem – so he reflected- people seem to dislike listening any more to a ‘furious prophet’. His repeated preaches would continually demand them to neglect Idols worship, keep Sabbath, love a friend and a stranger as well, take care of the orphan and widow and poor- and fulfill other requirements of God from His people. All that seem to be boring the Judean potential audience. They know many of God’s Demands by heart. The youngsters would eventually mock at the young man, who claims to be a prophet, for his repetitive old  ideas. In the past it would hardly happen to him...
Joseph wished to stay for a while out of his homeland, also for the sake of reaching  people different from those he had been used to. He thought he would be able to preach to them and be listened: They ten tribes had changed the unseen and unshaped God’s worship for the Calf or Bull’s shape worship. Joseph was sure that they had forgotten, that the calf was basically only a symbol of a virtual and immaterial Entity, who is God,  and that His purpose in creating human kind was social justice: Due to continuous wars with inside and outside enemies in northern Israel, all social orders there had deteriorated. A devoted prophet would have a great task in trying to improve people’s spiritual and physical life. So, it would be the right step for him, thought Joseph, to emigrate there for a while, and by acquiring life experience and oratorial and writing skills - he will be more prepared to God’s mission in the future …

Prophet Josepf penetrated the northern border line of Judea not far from  Beth-El. He sneaked through a deep crevice, after walking beside his donkey on the  mountains’ narrow paths in a dark night. Once the stubborn and selfish animal became tired of climbing a slopy rock, with  the   weighty master on its back. It tried to shake off the prophet, and to continue to climbe alone. However –though  Joseph got a strong blow from the fall on his right arm and rib, he soon rose and pursued the wild donkey. He succeeded to grab his rein, then took out his whip from the sack that the animal had carried. He whipped the donkey, till he heard the animal  begging an excuse by talikng to him, like Bileam’s ass. He forgave the donkey, mounted it again and continued riding. The the way had become flat. His injury was not severe, and the pains had passed away when dawn appeared. 
The prophet arriver in Beth El’s Temple, and tied the donkey to a trunk of a Terebinth tree thereby. He walked to the large courtyard, and saw there a Flower Priest praying loudly. His lips were murmuring a morning blessing, beginning with  “Hear O’ Israel”. He was wearing Thfilin(small scrolls of Moses’ commandments given in a small ‘box’ wrapped by narrow belts ) on his hands and head. Soon he finished, and Joseph greeted him, saying:
“God bless you, sir. Maybe you can help me. I’ve  arrived from far away. Have you seen   Prophet Elisha recenly?”
“Hmm…I suppose you would you like to become his disciple?” asked the priest. Joseph nodded.  
“Sorry, I know that he had disappeared,” said the Beth-El flower priest, “Half a year ago I have met his assistant leper, Gehazi. He told me that the Prophet declared he would need idle - time for internal contemplation. He was determined to remain absolutely alone.”
 “I see,“ said Joseph, “he would like to immitate his late master, Elija. He had fled from Israel  - to seclude on Mount Horeb in Sinai.”
“Yes. ..No one knows if and when Elisha will return. Maybe he thinks, that he  deserves to be punished by God. There are many rumors about his true motive. Some said that he had  disillusioned from a love affair.” 
(Elisha is almost not mentioned in the Bible after the time of Jehu’s successful revolt… Forty five years afterward, so the Bible tells, Elisha would face a King named Jehoash, and tell  him: “You shall defeat the Arameans!” etc. (see more details in BOOK: KINGS 2, CHAPTER 13). 
“You know that Elisha,” explained the priest to Joseph, “was the prophet, who sent to Jehu the message to kill Ahab’s dynasty. So, he had surely been satisfied from our new ruler’s activities. I think, that therefore he had stopped preaching.”
“But I wonder,” remarked Prophet Joseph,  “if he had agreed to the Calf symbol remaining on the Temples of Beth-El and of Dan?”(Dan was near one of the Jordan river’s streams on the Lebanese border).
“He was sure, that the Calf Statue that we see there,” pointed the priest on the roof over the Temple, “is just a symbol for God’s strength. You know, a calf is a potential ox… and of course it would remind people of the need to sacrifices a daily ox for God. Here, in our temple.”
While Prophet Joseph heard that, he became frustrated. He was sure that God preferred the Jerusalemite Temple. So he, prophet Joseph, should preach to the public in Beth-el, Samaria, Jezre-el, Dan, Tirtsa, and other towns -  about the sin of having that statue. He will prove that its worhip is harmful to the spirit and contaminates the body – as  Idols’ worship; people would kneel to it, and kiss small household gods in its shape. 
‘I have a problem,’ Joseph continued to meditate, ‘as I am just a visitor and foreigner here. I am also not familiar with the rules that are valid here, regarding the  public speeches. So, first I have to  listen and learn.’
“Let me ask you one more question,” said prophet Joseph to the young flower priest, whose name was Jo-melekh, “I know that the Baal worshippers, the simple mob and respectable priests as well -  still walk freely in the streets. So, what has Jehu achieved by murdering Ahab’s dynasty?”
“Oh, you don’t know how cunning he is. You stay with me a while- till after Yom Kippur,(Atonement Day)- then I’ll take you with me somewhere. I’ll  show you that Jehu had not neglected his fight against the Idols.”  
“Very well,” said Joseph. 
In the evening before Yom Kippur fasting, prophet Joseph slept inside the Temple’s entry, in the wide corridor leading to the Hall. The weather was getting cooler than in summer, but the closed place, where Joseph was sleeping –and under a wooden roof, sustained by pillars, (an imitation of the Greek and Mikenese pillars, constructed there by Philistines) still kept warmness. While lying on the floor, Joseph covered his chest with a sheepkin’s short coat, like many vagabond pilgrims who have arrived there for the Holy Day, most of them God Searchers like him. Some were sneering, and some were discussing religion subjects loudly till midnight. He, however, soon fell heavily asleep. When he woke up in the Holiest Day’s morning, he did not remember if he had dreamt that night. He expected to stay there for Yom Kippur’s  prayers, and expected the event to be most interesting for him. He was curious to see God’s worshippers wrapped in white Taliths, and hear the prayers, while the priests would be fasting. The climax of the ceremony will be the Chief Priest’s entry to The Calf Holiest of Holies Chamber, and ‘be alone with God’… In Jerusalem – Athaliah had mocked at that place and digged it, grinded its rocks to dust for finding gold. God had been silent, He had not yet intervened. So, ‘Is it possible,’ -asked himself the prophet.’that the people’s prayers here, despite the Calf’s sin, are more acceptable to the Almighty? Many riddles and questions fill my heart…’ 
During the prayers Joseph met again the flower priest Jo-Melekh, whom he had met before. He went outside the Hall to get a breath, while the fasting caused him feel slightly dizzied. He discerned the flower priest walking at the palms’ avenue before the temple, and he, Jo-Melekh,  invited him to eat together the ‘Yom kippur’s Fasting Break’ .
It took place after sundown, and all the priests and visitors like Joseph  received vegetables-and-bread dinner from the Temple’s small kitchen. Young flower priest Jo-Melekh reminded Joseph, that they should wake up early in the morning, in order to travel together to…the Carmel Mountain.
“Oh, what would cause us to travel so far?”  asked the Prophet.
“You will see Jehu’s cunning,” said the Priest, “he had called youngsters from all over the country - to participate in Baal festivities there. So, we will attend ‘the celebration of Baal’s with Ashera’. As a prophet who should preach against any criminal anti God activity - you should see profanity in practice. Is’nt it right for you to do that?”
“All Right,” said the prophet, “But I don’t see yet any wisdom in Jehu’s collaborating with that.”
“He wishes to put the idols worshippers’ fish in his broad net,” said Jo-Melkh. 
In the morning they went outside. The flower priest had his own donkey tied down not far.  Both loaded the saddles and  accomodation sacks on their donkeys’ backs, then put their feet in the stir-ups and mounted their animals. The way was almost empty, and the ride was quite comfortable. The priest  had a tall donkey, high and strong like a horse. The Prophet’s animal was very low and weak, but as Joseph’s legs were close to the ground, he could lead it easily on the slopes of the mountains  leading to Carmel. 
They  arrived to the wildly planted mountain at noontime. The flower priest said that one of the mountain’s tops had been determined as the gathering center for the celbrators. A young man who claimed to be one of the organizers, told the two travellers, that once - prophet Elijah had fixed his tent there. It was a plain ground of many hundred steps long and width, planted with  oaks and terebinths. It  extended along the old royal way, at its left side. 
The two were among the first youths who had arrived there. They set down on stones they had found, lit a fire and roasted piegons’ meagre meat, that the flower priest had brought with him. It was tasty for both of them, while they mixed in it onion and garlic, that they smeared also on their barley bread. They had satiated their thirst by drinking water from their shipskin bottles. 
Most of the celebrating youths were soon humming, gathering all around. The Baal priests soon arrived. There were ten of them, wearing white sheets, garlands of roses and olive slight brances on their heads. Everybody knew that they were wearing nothing under their light dresses, shirts and broad trousers- or robes. Some girls’ faces reddened from the thought of soon becoming their mates. A circle of teenagers and even a few middle aged people began dancing in a circle, while darkness fell on the woods. Th area had been illuminated by small pyres. The ten Baal priests, standing in a row-  lit torches, and their Chief Priest  lifted his hands and declared:
“We’ll begin with singing our Idols hymns.” The priests were singing, and the prophet and his collegue were only looking around, but did not approach the crowd surrounding the priests.
“You two- Where are you from?” they were suddenly inquired by a Baal priest, who approachede them, waving his hands..
“Oh, is it your business?” said Joel. Perhaps his dress had caused the Idols’ priest to  suspect something about him.
“You are spies of Jehu, I see!  I will call my friends to drive you out.”
“We have arrived only for looking around.” Said Jo-melekh. 
“We are curious, not spies.” said  Joseph. 
“If so- you’re invited to join our dances. No lass here is a private property of anyone. You can choose your partner maid - and enjoy life, men!” 
“Thanks, we don’t need your advice” Jo-Melekh said bluntly. The Baal flower priest became  nervy, and whistled loudly by inserting his fingers to his mouth. Two of his friends came down. They threatened the visitors:
“We will fuck you and your friend together,” said one of them to Joseph.
“If you are a pair,” said another, “you should know that nobody would come here with his boyfriend or his loved one girl.…Everybody is free to choose. Nobody would forbid another to get in touch with anybody, her or him.
“We will soon play this game of Blind Horse,” said the priest, who spoke to them before- “The refusers will be sent out away. Our guards are strong ironmongers. Remember that, men.”
“That whole event is problematic for us,” told him Joseph, “In fact, I’ve never thought this cermony to be organized like this. It’s pure profanity.” He smiled to Jo-Melekh, who was still as solemn as a sculpture.  
“You, damned priests of Baal,” shouted Jo-melekh suddenly, “collect the most beautiful lasses here and fuck them. All the bad looking or too short or too limping girls - would be left for the other Guys? It’s unjust, and unfair!”
“Well,” said the Baal Priest, still staying with them, “I’ll guarantee, that you both will get pretty girls. You are worthy of that, you’re handsome.” He laughed derisively, “So, come on,  don’t hesitate.”
“let us have three minutes for consultation,” said prophet Joseph, and the Baal priests had already left the two friends.
Prophet Joseph was likely to be lured on to participate in the orgy. He was in a heat for having sex with a woman. He had not had that for long years, since he went to a whore for ‘acquiring a man’s experience’-  so told him his inner voice, coming from above...Now the possible easy reach of the other sex had excited him. He did not know how to hide it from the priest, who seemed to be disinterested - and urged him to quit.
“Let’s burn our hands with the sinners. Let’s do it very quickly,” Joseph tried to persuade priest Joel, “God will forgive us for such an eventual-sensational sin. ..We can claim for our self defence to God - what we had thought: that He had sent us that impetus - to be soaked with profanity, to be lured. . .I tell you that He has a purpose, while pushing in our blood or heart that desire to sin. I feel that I can’t refuse this temptation.”  
“In no way!” shouted Joel, and grtabbed him by his throat, “If you want to find your death – join them! Soon there will develop a massacre here, I know what I’m saying! Jehu’s men are around! Let’s get out quickly from this trap!”    
Prophet Joseph recollected, that Joel had told him before how cunning was Jehu... He changed his mind in a sudden bolt. “Well. Let’s run”, he said, and both were rushing to their donkeys. While they mounted the animals  and began to retreat from the area by a wild ride, they heard the tremendous screams of the ecstasy stricken males and females in the woods. But not everybody was celebrating there: They soon met a dim light of a torch. They saw a black silhouette striding among the trees beside their path. It might had been a guard or a queer lonely person, too shy for what others would see as their occasion for having sex and fun without commitment. 
”Those Baal priests actually denounce free love,” said Jo-Melekh, while they were driving in parallel, “This orgy is the opposite of pure entertainment,  isn’t  it? I am sure they cause pains to many girls. They had come to seek real love, or even only a love affair. Not rape and humiliation, that would take soon place…” 
After a ride of five minutes in the narrow path through which they had arrived, they were suddenly stopped by three manfooters priests. They were armed with arches, arrows and bayonets, wearing turbans with the Hebrew letters “SHADAI” – embroidered on itheir fronts.
Joseph and the flower priest  recognized them as God’s priests. 
“God bless you, men,” said the prophet, “Have not we seen you in Beth-El Temple? Just yesterday, in Yom Kippur prayers.”
“Yes,” said one of the guys, “And  now we have a sacred task  here.”
“Have you travelled into the depth of the woods?” Asked the other, “We are in search of  the celebrating Baal worshippers.”
“Some of them are not far. You can hear their wild roars and yells,” said Jo-Melekh.
 “Some of them are already too drunk,” said the prophet, “they are now having their flesh pleasures, in groups or by couples. We were not mingled in that mob. But we saw from far- that many were naked.”
The priests were joined now by other armed footmen. They allowed Joseph and his comrade  to ride further. Soon the escapees heard around - not only a lot of footmen steps, but also horse–shoes. The neigborhood was suddenly filld with fearfull screams of chased men and women.
The woods became sparse. Plowed brown fields, dotted with grey thorne bushes asides were seen in the dim light of the half circled moon. Then suddenly the donkey riders  were facing  a group of horseriders. They were galloping very fast. All were wearing helmets with the symbol of the Calf Head. Joseph and Joel  greeted them: “God is with you,” but they banned their way and surrounded them.
“You have just left out the Baal celebrations, haven’t you?” inquired them an officer, in suspicion. 
“We’ve visited this nice forest  by day.” said Joseph, “and we’re on our way back home.”
“Have you seen the Baal worshippers on your way?”
“We had just heard their shouts and giggles.” said Joel, “We’ve reported that to your patrol.” 
“May God be with you,” blessed them  Joseph, 
One of the riders told  him  with a pride:
“Long Live Jehu. He caused the Baal followers to delude themselves. Their sinful enjoyment – will  soon be over! We’ll capture them – and put them in Jezebel’s Idol’s house. They’ll  be cut there to pieces.” 

At that night were arrested hundreds of Baal and Ashera worshippers in the Carmel woods. They were all brought  to a concentration camp - the Baal house in Samaria.
The Bible’s scribe wrote about Jehu’s hunt and its end (KINGS2, CHAP.10, 20):
“And Jehu said: ‘sanctify a solemn assembly for Baal’, and they proclaimed it.
Then Jehu sent throghout all Israel; and all the worshippers of Baal came. So that there was not a man left, who did not come. And they sent them into the house  of Baal, (in Samaria) and… it was filled from one end to the other…and he (Jehu)- said to one, who was in charge of the wardrobe there: ‘ bring out garments for all Baal worshippers. So, he brought…And he said to the worshippers: “search and see that there are not with you any servants of the Lord God, but only the worshippers of the Baal. Then they went to offer scarifices and burnt offerings. And Jehu had stationed himself with eighty men, and said to his guards and royal officers: “The one who permits any of these men…to escape - shall give his life in exchange”. And then it came about…that Jehu told his men: “Go in, kill them, let none come out.” And they… threw the worshippers out- and went to the inner room of the House of Baal. They brought out its sacred pillars… and burned them, and broke down the House of the Baal and made it a latrin(toilets) to this day!” 

So, it should be said to Jehu’s credit, that he really demolished Baal and Ashera Houses and Shrines in North Israel. In that he was much better than Athaliah - in the eyes of young prophet Joseph. 
“Whereto shall we drive now?” he asked the flower priest.
“Wherever you say,” he answered.
“It’s very late. We should sleep somewhere. D’you know any good  inn around?”
 “I would like to travel to Samaria tomorrow,” Jomelekh  said, “I want to see in my eyes how Jehu would bring an end to the Idols’ worshippers. Tomorrow Jehu will besiege the Baal House. Would you join me, and see how they kill the hideous Ball priests and worshippers ?”
“No,” said Joseph,” I have a different mission there, in Samaria. To meet Gehazi. You have told me that Gehazi has been there. I want to hear his tales about the prophet Elisha. And maybe he knows where the prophet is now.”
“Well, we will take the path to Megiddo!” said Jo-Melekh, “Megiddo is in the valley, and from it  we’ll climb the mountains of Samaria.”
They were lodging for that night in ‘Rahab’s Inn’ – in the town of Meggido.
Priest Joel smiled, seeing its plateboard outside. He told the Prophet:
“Miss Rahab was the first Inn Keeper, who the sons of Israel had met when they penetrated into the counrty with Joshua.” 
“Rahab the harlot,” Joseph said, “perhaps this inn is also a bordel, but the prostitutes hurried to Carmel’s celebrations.”
“Woe to them. Jehu won’t pity them, too.”
 They hired a nice room there, and slept well, being very tired. In the morning they brought a bucket of water from a small stream thereby. They let their donkies drink too, and fed  them with barley, that Joel had brought in his sack from Beth El… 
The weather became warm. The donkeys were climbing slowly the low hills leading to the Mount of Samaria. They were breathing heavily, sometimes blowing the air from their lungs and halt, then continue their strive up the way. People were hardly seen on the path itself, but along  villages at the side there were shepherds taking care of their meagre, gloomy animals. They were chewing the remainders of grey grass, and goats were peeling a young tree’s trunk or remnants of rotten fruits and vegetables.
In the afternoon the two young clergyman entered Samaria’s gate. Priest Joel departed from Joseph, saying:
“We shall meet here tomorrow, if you want. In the town-square, near broken Ashera Statue!”
“How can I find Gehazi’s dwelling?” asked prophet Joseph.
“Ask people where is ‘the Free House’,” said Jo-Melekh, “They use to give that name for whatever kind of hopeless invalids or sicks would be there.”
        
Elisha arranged a bed for his asistant - in the Free House, located in the edge of Samaria. He knew that the sick youth would write the ‘Marvellous Tales of  Elisha’, as he had begun that already previuosly. We read in the Bible(KINGS 2 –chap.8 - 4) About the woman’s Shunamit  return to Israel from exile in GAZA, towhere she had escaped from the famine in Israel. She wanted back her property in her village, and came to king Joram: ”And the king was talking with Gehazi, saying: ‘Please relate to me all the great things that Elisha has done. And it came about…that he related to the woman whose son -  he (Elisha) had rescued…”  
Elisha relied on Gehazi, that he would write truth about him. He himself refrained from writing his reminiscenses, thinking that a  man of spirit  like him should face the future – not the past. However, Gehazi was boasting in his heart about his desk, which was filled with scrolls and papyruses telling his master’s marvellous deeds.
When prophet Joseph found Gehazi in his room, he was scratching his head in one hand. The other one, which was wrapped, except in the palm, was quickly writing,  sinking his pen from time to time into a coaled-inked rough glass bowl. Beside Gehazi was an old leper lying on the floor, wrapped with rags and moaning from pains. Gehazi had a distorted face, full of red and brown stains, and his forehead’s skin was hanged like leaves over his flashing eyes.
Prophet Joseph was looking at him, and told him that he would like to hear some tales about his master, even copy them for his own use. Of course, he would pay something for that.  
“Well, sir,” said Gehazi, “tell me who you are, and where you have come from. I will sell you some tales...As you see - we are poor and sick, and the money will enble us to buy rape figs or rotten grapes. Recently we have not tasted any  fruits.”
“Very well,” said the Prophet, and told him about himself, having arrived from Judea. This was one of the ancient deals of story tellers, if you get deeper into this tale within the tales…
“Most of the tales about my master have almost been completed,” added Gehazi, “though I should edit them again and again. You can sit at the corner and copy what you want.”
“Well,” said the Prophet, who did not tell him that he would like to meet his master and be an ‘apprentice prophet’ like the leper, though not a servant.
“I have here fifteen Shekels for all the tales,” said  Joseph, “Take them, please.”
“That’s fine,” said Gehazi, “Let me have a gold currency for each tale, as I have fifteen of them at hand.”
The prophet laid his hand on the leper’s poor wrapped hand, and said: 
“Look at my touch on you as a handshake, dear Gehazi.”
He counted the gold coins and handed them to him. Gehazy counted the coins too, and gave the old man do it again. 
“Well, it’s a reasonable and good sum,” said the man, and put the amount in a small bag.  Then Gehazi told Joseph: “Sit down, please, and hear the prefix to my wrirtings, that I have just written. You can copy that  too.”
“Oh, it’s a honor for me to listen,” said the prophet.
“Well: ‘Though the great prophet had lepered me and resented me very much, I- Gehazi, son of Geula Bat Eviathar, would never hate my teacher Elisha’…”
“Very nice and really exciting,” said the Prophet. 
“Elisha is closer than anyone to God Almighty,’ continued Gehazi, “and I love him - no less than he had loved Elija, his teacher, ‘coacher’ and promoter. And Just as  I love Elisha-  I love his marvels and amazing deeds, which had been so successful in helping people…Some of the tales written here - the prophet had read himself. He confirmed them to be copied by scribes and interested readers. However, some tales were not brought to his knowledge, as he had become busy with his complicated contemplations. He and would refuse to visit me any more. . .”
“Can you read something more from that preface?” asked Joseph.
“No, it is finished. Now you can copy the tales. I am realy very tired from that work. I feel  fed up from that scribe’s craft. Enough for me, at least for today...”
“Well,” said Joseph, “Is there a list of all the tales, with the headline to each one?”
“Of course,” said Gehazi, “otherwise I won’t be called a scribe.”
Soon Gehazi handed Joseph the table of contents - or tales headlines, that the prophet began to copy immediately. 
They were as follows:
Prophet Elija chooses Elisha as his heir. Throws his marvelous mantle on him.
Elisha escorts Elija, sees his riding fire-horses-and-chariot up to the sky. 
Elisha curses babies who mock at his baldness.
Elisha’s miracle - he makes poisoned food become sweet.
Elisha is lodging in Shunamit’s house, blesses her to be fertile and she bear a son. 
Elisha saves Dotan and Samaria from siege.
Elisha saves Shunamit’s son(unofficially- his son)from death by a sun strike.
Elisha prevents water from Israel’s enemy Moab, and dances in ecstasy.
Shunamit returns from Philistines’ town. Elisha helps her get back  her land.
Elisha strikes Arameans in blindness and they fail in to besieg  Samaria.
Elisha curses king Joram, who relaeases Aram’s prisoners. 
Elish dislikes Naaman of Aram, who immerses in Jordan and cured from  
      leprosy. Instead of him- Gehazi is cursed to suffer from that horrible sickness. 
13.Elisha in Damascus; prophesizes that Hazael will be crowned and hurt Israel.
14.Elisha sends a prophet to crown Jehu as king of Israel, replace Ahab’s dynasty.
15.Elisha marries a harlot,  Bath Gad. (This tale was not published in the  Bible).    

On the following day Joseph met priest Jo-Melekh, and apologized to him:
 “I must remain here,” he said, “and copy many prophecies and amazing tales of Elisha. They  are fantastic. One day you’ll surely read them. Thank you for travelling with me. Hope to see you again some day.”
The flower priest left him, wondering about his enthusiasm from a ‘leper’s legends’.     
Three full days - prophet Joseph was busy in copying Elisha’s Tales. He packed the papyruses in his bag, which he then carried to his patient and obedient donkey, that was standing on his hooves three consecutive days and nights. (The animal did not complain, because his owner used to feed him and let him drink twice a day). There was not a happier man in Israel than Prophet Joseph, having finished his holy task of copying the tales. 
When he was on his way back from Samaria to Beth El, he saw a group of families, who seemed to be refugees. They told him that they had escaped frightened from the north. There were some villages attacked by Hazael, king of Aram. Jehu’s army had been defeated and panicked...
Joseph  had now a good reason for being frightened himself. Gehazi’s scripts should be rescued, he thought. God had not sent me to the poor leper for being captured by Arameans and be burnt on fire with the tales. I must drive speedily back home to Judea. God is merciful. Go forth, donkey Bilam! Gallop like a horse, you are almost as tall as it. I’ll feed you with weat, not with poor barley - if you bring me back safely home to Jerusalem.”       



CHAPTER 18


Bat Gad was still living in Beth El, at that point of time: Jehu inherited Ahab regime’s hired officials. He found lists of salaries paid to Jezebel’s women spies. After shortly investigating them, he learned that most of them had been God’s believers. He let half of those women, who had  spied in Aram or Moab, to remain in his service, and the rest were fired. Jehu fired also Bat Gad and another woman, who had spied the prophets. He had an argument for that:  their task had ended - because no God Believer would be Jehu’s enemy, knowing his unrelenting  ‘treatment’ to Baal worshippers… 
It seemed like Jehu had not been informed about Bat Gad’s unsuccesful, scandalous and defamed marriage to Elisha. But she was afraid, that soon he would find out that a lot of people  had seen her – and... ‘Who knows how this madman would react,’ she thought. ‘He would be sure that I had been a prostitute by my free will: A fornificator, an Idols’ worshipper, who had cheated innocent Elisha. All that complex of horrible accusations for sins against God – may bring my stoning by his court of justice.’  
Bat Gad  decided to escape from the country, and get back to her homeland in Judea. 
A day after she returned from Samaria to Beth-El, she harnessed her female donkey,or ass, putting on it the ornamented saddle, that she had received from Jezebel, in addition to the nice  jewellery. The royal highway to the south led her near the Calf Temple. After about half an hour ride, she had heard a light gallop from behind. Suddenly it stopped. As she turned her face back - she saw that her ass was courted by a sniffing male donkey. It was  prophet Joseph’s tall male donkey. Bat Gad felt uneasy that the donkey tried to jump on her ass’ ass from behind, and pulled its rein to the right in order to sneak her animal aside. Her ass jumped and almost threw her down. Prophet Joseph scorned at his male sex-allured donkey, after he stopped it and dismounted. He was facing Bat Gad.
“Excuse me, madam,” he said, looking at her annoyed face, while she was still sitting on her saddle, “and forgive my crazy animal .”
She looked at him  penetratingly, and  pointed to the sky, declaiming: “You will save man and animal as well, Almighty God!” 
“Wonderful – you know some Psalms’ sentences by heart!” Joseph said in  enthusiasm.. He was attracted by her eloquence, but more than that - by her flashing eyes, that flickered at him. Around them he saw a smear of Turquoize color, that fitted her dark hairs. Now the donkey sneezed from desire, and Joseph pulled its rein more tightly to avoid him re-attack Bat Gad’s ass. He looked at Bat Gad again and liked her brown leather belt and narrow hips. The view of her slim figure with curvy heavy breasts - instantaniously fascinated him. He stepped back, while she also got down from her tall ass.
He glanced at her cotton white dress, and at the small bag given in her hand. 
“You were tracing me, sir?” she scorned him. He mumbled and discerned that her face became serious. She had thick lips, and he thought about his girl Nefertita… Bat Gad had been only a grand-granddaughter of an African man from Kush, who had arrived in Judea hundred years before, so she was told, with some hired Philistines of King David.    
“I am not a detective, madam,” he said, “it just happened that I foolowed you along the way, and my donkey became … you know.”  
“I halted from fear of that big horse-like animal,” she was like reflecting loudly, “I’ll use the opportunity to rest a little there, under the trees. I still have a long way to drive.”
“I’ll take a rest there as well,” he said, and decided to be the first to reveal his distination, for prucuring her confidence, “I’ve a long way too. To Jerusalem.”
“Hopefully - my good luck will lead me there too,” she said. He was wondering about her. She began to speak to him just frankly, without smiling at him, without a hint that she is interested in any contact with him. Neither he had thought about just betraying Nefertita so soon, if at all. He did not have any idea if the beautiful unknown woman would like to continue talking with him at all. 
They both tied their donkeys to two  trees, far from each other, for calming the animals. Bat Gad soon asked where he had come from. He lied to her that he was a scribe from Judea, having travelled in Israel just for trying to get work in copying holy Torah scripts for the priests.. 
“But now eveything has turned against me,” he remarked, “Somebody had informed Jehu’s man that I was a foreighner from Judea. Nobody would provide me work any more. In addition to the fact that now they have their scribes, who don’t need to copy the scripts so accurately as in my country, Judea.” 
“You had arrived to north Israel in a bewildering time,” she said.
“I hoped, that God would send me good luck here in Israel,” he said. “But He had not. Now I am tired from my visit…Maybe Jehu will be driven out by another commander. I see now that Athaliah’s regime in Judea is not so bad as I had thought before…”
“Now everything here is in chaos, because of the Arameans… I don’t know what will happen, therefore I go south.”
“Where would you like to be in Judea?” he dared to ask. The were already seated on stones – in the shadow of a fig tree.
“I have a sister in a village near Jerusalem,” she said, “But I heard that she had moved to the holy city. It’s better and safer  for me to be with her.”
“You cannot be absolutely safe,” he remarked, “In Queen Athaliah’s regime. You know that she hates us, God’s believers. That’s one of the reasons that had led me before- to run out from there.”
Joseph’s attraction to the young woman, maybe in his age, caused his curiosity about her. He was glad, while she continued to talk:  
 “I was an official in the previous regime,” she said suddenly, not telling him the full and bare truth, “but Jehu’s regime has no need for me any more. Therefore I quit. I was responsible for preparing lists of God’s Believers arriving in Beth-el Temple. The secret police would use it against rioters.” 
He believed her, and presumed that she had told him that without fear, being sure about his innocence. Maybe she was also attracted by his nice black beard and nice talk. He did not know what Bat Gad had naturally suspected, that he may have been sent to spy her. But she preferred to be seemed sincere quite at the beginning. She just wanted to let him confide in her ‘honesty and reliability’.(spies in general try that behavior. From the plenty of spies surrounding them and being sorrounded by - they lose their true personality and begin to believe in their lies and pretensions.) 
The young prophet felt frustrated, while he continued talking to Bat Gad. His soul was struggling with what he defined to himself as the Satanic sight of that fascinating woman, with a body that announces strength, health, stability, Will Power. . .My skin like screams from longing to the warmness and sensitivity of that young female. No human being would understand the internal cry of a prophet, who so badly wishes to destroy the torturing prohibitions of religion, but he cannot. His internal power is too weak, facing the threatening past, that ensures a hard punishment on whoever will break his obedience to his religion – that would praise only life of justice and righteousness  and integrity and innocence, and would promise a better future only to the believers in the plentifulness and goodness of the One, who can penetrate into human’s soul and change its beastly roots…Yes, man had been created by God as the last creature- after all others. And when everyone achieves God’s wish, he will feel God’s happiness inside himself. He will then know also his own nothingness - as a sole grain of dust feels its nonentity and existence simultaneously. But in that it is similar to God, who exists and becomes nothingness in a flip of a finger or a flicker of a candle-light… 
How many times have I tried to escape from God?…Though I know that every prophet of truth starts his duty in refusal- but it would end in acceptance of his duty. It is a permanent internal war of desertion  and  return to God’s target. Internal war- I’ve said.  It’s like fighting a permanent War With and against God . . .Like myself now. I hesitate to inquire Bat Gad too deeply. Had she been right in her surrender to the orders of Jezebel’s officials? But the Lord was surely involved in that too, as He is the Almighty.  But in that belief in His unending ability - I remove responsibility from the individual person. If God is involved in all, and knows all- I can get rid of my robe and stop my job to be the prosecutor,  the outrageous prophet...
 “Joseph,” she asked suddenly, “You seem to me a very restrained youth. You are so cautious in your talk with me. You refrain from relying on a woman like me, are you?”
“If you’re hinting, that I have no flesh desires,” he said, “you’re absolutely wrong. But I am really one of the youths, who try not to enslave themselves to a hallucinations and fantsy and ecstazy, or losing consciousness by sexual propfanity. Because  I am aware of the results of such a behavior. It would bring young women to bear bastards, babies without a recognized father. That horrifies me. Such women will suffer all their life. Don’t you think so? Their hearts will be beaten by feeling of orphanage themselves, like their child…Yes, like myself.”
“Oh, were you an orphan?” she asked.
“Yes, I am one, whose spirit is tortured since childhood by missing a father. He had left my mother, because she had become pregnant to him. She had told me – and I  blieved her – that I had not been important enough for him to live with me and with her, to take care of me and educate me. Like a wave in the sea he was, that would reach the shore and return to be redundant water, salty, bitter, horribly followed by miryads of other waves which break up to foam on the beach, having reached one  goal:  to be gone and annuled as the past…”
“Oh, your words seem to be of a poet,” she said, “not of a  poor writer in scrolls.”
As by a sudden impetus- Joseph suddenly rose, took the stone that he was seated on- and rolled it toward Bat Gad. His eyes looked at her in a painful covetousness.  
“Before you fall in love with me,” he heard Bat Gad’s sexual whisper. “think about me as a bad woman. That’s what I really am.”
 She felt that she was very attractive to him, and he could hardly restrain his moves toward her body. His hand groped for her nice leg in.
“I will not hide from you anything about myself,” she said, “You’ve to know, that till a year ago - I had a strange love affair…with no other than the great prophet Elisha.”
“Oh,” said  Joseph, “I have heard that he had married. If it had been with you- I appreciate you for that.”
“We had become married…But it existed for only a month…When  Jehu had become the ruler in Israel, the prophet had left. I guess that it had nothing to do with me personally.”
“Oh! It’s hard to believe,” he said, “but why have you told me that so soon? It should have been kept by you as a great secret.”
“I have revealed that, because I want mutual sincerity... I feel that you hide from me even far bigger secrets than my own.”
“Hmmm,” He mumbled, “How …can a woman like you feel that?”
“You insult me, saying: ‘a woman like you.’”
 “I beg your pardon.” He said, “But I won’t answer - if I have a certain secret or not. You do not consider yourself Delilah, do you?”
She smiled. She was thinking what could keep his deep secret, that would make her aspire to discover, and she would die if she won’t. 
‘She cannot imagine’, he meditated,  ‘that a boy king is my only secret and hope. She is far from understanding the real and acute problem of small Judea; so this secret would seem futile to her- if she unveils it. But because she tells me that she had beem employed by  God’s  enemy,  king Ahab’s family - any hint to her as to anybody - would be fatal. She is now driving to queen Athaliah, for sure.’ 
“If you refuse to describe your secret exactly,” she said at last, “let me hear what your vision is - regarding Judea. I told that you seem to me…not the simple man, that you have pretended to be. You have a great dream, I am sure. Maybe that God will be appear to the people with an amazing act, something like that. . .  Have you become to know that secret by reading some ancient scrolls?”
“Well. That’s my secret – how I had become to know it. I hope that all of us will get a much better kingdom – than the unjust, tyrant queendom that we have now… That’s all I can say. Better for me to be dead - than expose more details about my thoughts and moves,” he said bluntly, “But as for you- I’m sure you have still much more secrets than I do have. I have a strong feeling about that: It derives from God.”
“Oh Oh, Great God,” she tried to mock. 
“I would have proposed marriage to you,” he said,  “if I had known that you accept it,  dear Bat Gad.” he felt that she had already prepared herself to hear that. 
“If your you were really married to Elisha,” he continued, “you are worthy to me!  I would really envy him for that. You are an extraordinary young woman.  I had never met in my life such a pretty and smart woman!”
“Thanks for the compliments. I’m used to get them. For the time being - we can’t marry, you understand. I don’t know your exact marital status, sir. Perhaps you are already married, and if so- you have to feed kids. It’s a heavy  yoke.”
She rose from her stony seat and turned to her ass. He rose too, understanding she would just prevent any further talk. They looked at each other in a sense of understanding they would proceed knowing each other, but it would and should take time. They were driving now- he ahead with his male donkey, and she behind - with her ass. He would use his whip against his animal as soon as it would turn its head, trying to look at and smell the ass. A stupid animal’s hope: to jump on an ass and stream its sperm inside her from its enlarged penis.     
Their way crossed hills, came along slopes of higher mountains, then  descended to shallow ‘wadies’ - poor streams or torrents. The area became  spread with rocks, and desert bushes dotted in between, without trees even on the horizon.
Then they arrived to a narrow crevice. A week before - the Prophet had passed it without a notice of any barrier installed at its width. Now the riders saw it nearby, and heard shouts of the border kreepers. They had been Athaliah’s soldiers, and asked their destination. The prophet identified himself, telling that his merchandise had been selling papyrus to northern traders, and now he arrived back…
“And the lady is your wife?” asked one of the gaurds. Both he and Bat Gad nodded.
“I know you from somewhere,” told him the guard, “weren’t you once  preaching to people about repent and redemption? I remember you.”
“It was my tween brother,” lied Joseph. The couple were allowed to enter Judea, after writing their exact names – by a coaled wood on a papyrus.   
“I have to drive straight to the palace,” said Bat Gad. “Will you guide me? I had not been in the country for more than seven years.”
“Won’t you go to your sister first?” he asked.
“I had disconnected from her all these years. Maybe someone in the palace could tell me where she is. I hope she has got married.”
“What’s her name?” asked the prophet. She told him. He did not know any Rachel.         
They were still riding about two hours, till they came to Jerusalem and passed the northern gate. He showed her the path leading to the royal palace and asked in a trembling voice:
“When will I see you again, pretty lass?”
“I don’t know where my dwelling will be. So, you will have to find my sister and ask her. She is known to the woman who is now Queen Athaliah. She was her maidservant  for some years.”
“I understand. So, I will stay at the gate and wait for you, till you clarify your sister’s address - with the queen’s servants.”
The gate keepers sent one of their collegues to call Evedel, the chief household keeper of Athaliah. He came to the gate, and heard Bat Gad’s wish to meet her sister. He told her that Rachel has born a child, and she is married to the Commander in Chief, Abner. 
‘Oh, God’s curse on my head’- said surprised Bat Gad to herself. ‘My  ex-fiance had married my beautiful sister. She was worthy of that. Surely- Abner had become a General, commander of the army. He would not be happy at all -to meet me. He may even kill me, God. I’ll have to sneak to Rachel’s home, while Abner won’t be there…Well. I guess that most of his nights he is in duty. A devoted soldier like him, a solemn person, a thick hard piece of timber, that’s what he is...I am cursed. I could be today a respectable woman, a wife of  a most vigorous men in this country. My crazy mind had desroyed my life. ..But my jerky character can’t afford me satisfacion as a home sitter. I am not a regular type of person like my young sister. May God defend her, when her husband will be killed somewhere somehow…Oh, pessimistic rotten witch-prophetess like me…’        
“Please wait for me tomorrow evening here, at the palace Gate,” she said to priest Joseph, “I  have to ride to my sister now. They told me where she lives.” 
They departed with hand waves, and smiled to each other. He was not angry on himself for his quick surrender to meet again that woman. He could not manage himself otherwise.

On the following evening Joseph met Bat Gad near the palace gate, as they had dated. 
“Have you found your sister?” he asked.
“Yes, but she could not provide me a room in her nice house. She let me sleep in her deserted goats-fold. She was afraid of her tough husband.”
They began to stroll around, looking at small gardens in the neighborhood, planted with trees or deserted. The night had been lighted by full moonlight. 
“Your sister afraid,” he said,  “that her man will see you, and be seduced or something?”
“Perhaps. He knows who I am. Eh, It’s a long, remote story,” she sighed.       
“A Story about you and him?”
“You are very curious, sir. Very eager to know everything. Very likely to gossip afterward, like… Excuse me for blaming you, Joseph.”
“Nothing in real life,” he was quite screaming, “would be or seem to be strange in my eyes or mind. . . I’m a prophet of God. A small Judean prophet, not as great as Elisha, but…”
“Oh, unbelievable…” she said ironically. She felt embarrassed. He knew well that she had a hard marriage experience with the most remarkable prophet. So, why had he told her that he was also holding the staff of a prophet, just now?  
“May I ask something, that bothers me, as a prophet?” he said.
“Yes.”
“About Elisha and you, of course.”
“I can tell you everything; and you - can think that what I’ll tell is a subjective point of view on him…and that I intentionally want to smirch him. But- he had really behaved very aggresively to me, as a  husband… and a man in general. I look at him as so blasphemous against God, that nobody can imagine.”
“Had he discovered something about you, that forced him to break relationship …?” asked Joseph.
“No, I had revealed to him all my sins of the past. And despite that he agreed to marry…And what were they, at all? An uncontrollable desire for pleasures. It was what many people would like to have, but only few dare to imply. You can simply simply define that as profanity…I mean, he had known all that before he became my husband. ”
“He was crazy to have you, notwithstanding.”
“Yes, but afterwartd he suddenly fled. So, it wasn’t due to my past adultery. He had understood, that he had hurt my soul. He ruined me. He secretlty cursed me, I’m sure, like he had cursed Gehazi, his servant. He’d put a curse on my spirit. I’m damned now,  you can’t imagine how much depressed I am.”  
“I’ve just begun to read something that Gehazi wrote. It was about Elish’s wife, without mentioning your name. He described your beauty very artfully. However, he avoided writing about any wrong doing by Elisha to you. The opposite. Gehazi  remarked that the prophet soon got rid of his wife, blaming her for bothring him, madenning him with extravagant demands…”
“Had he described what were those …demands?” she asked .
“You wanted Elisha to settle in a stone house, and lead a luxurious way of life. The prophet couldn’t afford that…So his assistant wrote.”
“Pooohhh. Gehazy is a famous lier, extravagant narrator, exaggerative and manipulative. He had known the truth, dear Joseph. And he was the witness to the divorce book, that Elisha signed. Naturally, in his tales’ book Gehazi avoided to blamed his boss - in an unrespectable, terrible behavior to me…”  
“I am really a simple man, maybe an unimportant prophet,” Joseph so defined himself to her, “but I ask you, please  reveal to me if my adoration for this Prophet’s of Marvels is justified… Can you describe what had really happened between you and  Prophet Elisha?” 
“He married me, so was my initial impression, because at first he was madly in love with…my body,” she only partly praised herself saying that, and therefore seemed truthful, “But then I revealed, that from the first day he had intended to use me!”
“Use you?”
“He wanted to live with me like…a prostitutes’ shepherd would treat his sinful women. His rough behavior was not only in private. He had not dragged me into an invisible cevice, or to a cellar or to a side-alley. He wanted to show me to people as a symbol for the sinful nation of Israel! Do you undersatand what I’m telling?”
“What had he done to you exactly?”
“Would you  believe, that God had sent him to behave like that? To manage my body like the most criminal raper, like a robber of a body and soul?”
“Had he hidden his violent intentions before you’d married?”  
“Of course. When I had lied with him before our wedding - he was so delicate and good to me. He cajoled me in such a sweet honey tone. His caresses have brought me to feel  like melting from bliss and enjoyment. ..”
“So, what …what had happened to him?” asked astonished Joseph, “that had turned everything upside down? Something had maddened him about you…”
“He told me, that God revealed to him, that I’d been a whore before. And that was exactly what he had searched for: His ideal was to marry a whore. That was God’s command. He tried to convince me, that I should exhibit  for  the  sake of preaching to people all over Israel. At first I agreed to be shown in a full nakedness. He said: “You stand before the crowd as a whore in her natural size, and be an example -  for the behavior of the nation of to God.” He  bound me with ropes, in a manner that would expose my bare breasts. He held me by reins tied to my throat, as fearing that I would try to escape, and compare me to an animal... After a week - the line of  humiliations became more ugly and torturing. . .The vicious prophet obtained a cage, from one of his followers, who had been lions’ tamer.”
“And he enclosed you inside, like a beast?” he asked.
“Yes,” she added, “And to attract the mob to look at that circus, the prophet had covered my crack with a narrow red kerchief. He drew a black arrow on it, and invited men to send their fingers into my ass and so on. Then he permitted three young men to come in and fuck me inside that cage, to the eyes of tens and hundreds. “A vivid show of God’s sinful daughter of Israel,” he was shouting, and calling even stinky and old men to rise over me. Some were just climbing to touch and caress and kiss me, and I had lost my force  to resist them…Every week he invented a a new trick to attract the audience: First he showed me nicely dressed - and then was tearing my cloths in public…And one day he was cutting my hairs - curl by curl and let me remain bald like him. As a symbol for the future punishment of the sinful daughter…”
“Do you still  remember his words,” asked Joseph, “while showing all that?”
“This is the Vision that God had ordered me,” Elisha said, “to show you. sinful people! Pay attention  how ugly and rude everyone of you had become to be! You had all contaminated my holy land. Now I will have a son from this whore, who may not be mine. Or a daughter, who would surely follow her mother. Is that what you had  prayed for – since God had delivered the holy land to your forefathers many years ago? Is that the kind of honesty and respect to each other, that you long for? Tell me, Sons Of Israel…’” 
“Oh, it’s very hard to bear, even only hearing,” said Joseph, “I really pity you, Bat Gad….”
“The brutal prophet had not achieved his purpose in that show, of course,” she said, “Many from the audience were laughing, sure that all was a funny play. That he was just a vagabond tamer, who now would tame me. Some asked him where were his tiger or lion or bear. They wanted to put there a wild beast, together with me…”
“And I understand, that you could not run away, dear Bat Gad?”
“I was jailed, young prophet. The authority and fame of Elisha among the people - had ensured his tyrany on me. Even if I had run out – somebody would have returned me to him.”
Joseph saw her sincere tears, and became very irritated. 
“I see your situation,” he said, “It’s difficult to imagine.”. 
“His hideous attendant Gehazi, was my guard and inspector. I saw the poor fellow with the rotten hands and fallen down teeth and skin-peeled legs. He was touching me from time to time…Just for his own fun and sickened desire. It was at night, while he permitted me to sleep.”
“You had become …a beast in a zoo,” he said.
“In four weeks we had crossed four villages, and at last came from Jezre-el to Samaria. There the crowd was bigger, and I knew that we would stay there more weeks. The prophet rejoiced like mad. He danced before the public, and told that God had ordered him to marry, and show his pofane wife to the mob. He was encircling me in a dance of ecstasy, while a son-of-prophet  was playing a flute, and  Gahazi co-repetited him by a drum. The prophet became like a wirlpool of spirit, humming melodies with prophecy lyrics, dancing around me with ecstazy. Many gangs from the mob immitated him. They began jolting around and forcing women from the market to undress and join their dances.The audience had increased every day. Curious and joyful eyes of sex hungry males, Israelis and Phistines and Greeks and Tsydons and Moabites-  were on him and on me. Then he forced me to have sex in public with him…Unimaginable, shocking scenes. Enough…” She wiped her tears. 
“Really hard to believe,” mumbled Joseph, though he still doubted the truth of some scenes she had described.  
“Then - one day,” she continued, “Elisha punished me by a worse means than before, to attract and incite the mob…”
She fell to sob again, and he said: “If you feel bad with that - don’t continue your story, please.” 
“Elisha began to whip me by a branch of a terebinth. Or was it of a cedar. It was a very tough and narrow weed,” she continued, “He whipped me all over my naked body. My bruises had recoverd only a week ago. But I have still signs of his beats on my skin. It was a most fearfull show, before all Samarians on the square. I became blood faced…Along a whole week he was bruising and carving my skin…”
“Oh,  it’s really a very bloody story,” Prophet Joseph said. He was feeling her tenderness while she suddenly fell like swooning into his arms.
“Now you have pity on me,” she murmured, “Now you can find courage inside yourself -  to oppose the ideas and activities of the most hallucinatious prophet ever seen!”
“I think you are right,” said the prophet and became even more merciful. She caressed the curls falling on his forhead and smoothed his beard’s twisting hairs, and was looking very desparate. Both got close to each other and slowly put their hands one into the other’s dress, and cajoled sweet words and were slowly putting their lips on one another and kissing, breathing heavily from a sensational desire . But before enjoying fully each other’s flesh , Joseph asked in a whisper:
“Are you still marrried to him? I shouldn’t lie with a married woman.”
“No, I’m not married,” she answered, “in the evening that Elisha quit, he signed  a scroll of divorce for me. Gehazi had signed beside that Divorce papyrus’ letter, as a witness…I have it in my hut.”
Then they were embracing and kissing again while striding like astray about half an hour. She saw that he had led her into his tent. Lying with her on a straw  matress, he felt that whatever had her sins been in the past, he should  forgive her. So he vowed to her:
“If God orders me to marry you, and behave like Elisha had - I shall refuse Him. I’ll run out from Him.” He remembered that the Bible was telling about people who tried to argue with God, like Abraham or Moses, and had  succeeded…
After their desire had been satiated, the prophet escorted her back to her hut. Along the way she said that she had been so lonely, and now her feeling got better. Her sister happened to marry the Head of Athaliah’s army. She was a little estranged to her, she said. Like she- Bat Gad, had become to be a refugee, and unimportant.
“Rachel has her baby now, maybe threfore she is so cold to me,” Bat Gad loudly meditated… 

On his way back to his tent, prophet Joseph thought, that better he would concentrate to taking care of  the people in Judea, and not preach so much. Words are fading in the air. 
“Like a mother would try to hush her  child’s weep,” he thought eloquently, “so I shall plant a flower of hope in the deserted hearts of the  poor people. I heard that Elisha had done like that. In the past I used only to stride around in the markets and townsqaures, and harangue. I thought that the misery and poverty had disappeared in Judea, but that was not the reality… Elisha had disappeared like his master Elijah. Maybe he also walked by foot to the desert of Horeb-Sinai or to the Judean eastern desert before Jericho? I will not walk to search him. It’s a waste of time, that dream that I would learn from him how to buy the hearts of people. God would hide most of the time, that a human being lives. So, you- man, should live as long as you can exist.’



CHAPTER 19


Prophet Joseph did not know, that Bat Gad’s arrival in Judea had already been reported to Queen Athaliah. She had first sent her maid to Rachel, Bat Gad’s sister. Athaliah invited Rachel to arrive at the palace with her baby, who was two years old, and with Bat Gad. Till then Rachel was cautious not to publicize her sister’s arrival in Judea. However, the main house keeper had reported that to Athaliah. The queen, with her devilish memory, had decided to bring Bat Gad to her. But not just to fulfill her curiosity regarding that woman, whom she had recognized from the past, but for a definite purpose.  
It was a cold automn morning, and Rachel’s kid was chilled. So the queen only glanced  at him, said that he had a resemblance to his father, and rendered Rachel a small gift for him: a toy of doll made of colored rags. She sent the kid with his Mom back home, and remained alone with Bat Gad.
She shook her head toward the young woman and asked:
“Don’t you have any kid yet?” Bat Gad shook her head: no. She knew that the queen was talking to her while recollecting her family’s tragedy.  
“I remember you quite well,” said Athaliah, “I hired you, while my mother had been still alive. But the planted tree had not brought the expected fruits…With so many detectives and spies there, our folk missed bloody conspirator Jehu. Woe to us.”
“Yes,” said Bat Gad, “the traitors had succeeded in keeping their plot strictly secret...And please remember, that I was reponsible to act only in Beth-el  neighborhood. Perhaps…had I been active in Dan Temple in the North - I would have discovered the plotters. Their conspiracy ceneter had been there.”
“Elisha had known Jehu, for sure...How could you miss all that plot? It was not made up in one day.” Bat Gad understood that the old news about her marriage had been spread out. It  arrived to the queen, and now she, Bat Gad,  should defend herself against condemnations.  
“I am sorry,” she answered, “the vile prophet had not only brought your honorable family’s disaster. He had bittered me so much. It became hell - to live with him.” 
“Whatever happened - I still trust you. And...I nominate you now to do the same job,”  Athaliah was severe faced, “I know that my late mother had relied on you. Hopefully you’ll be here more resourceful and successful than…”
“But- your excellancy, I had been so hardly hurt by that job …I can’t.”
“Don’t contradict me. It’s my order! I must have much more spies against the priests here. My daughter’s husband is their main inciter. They conspire against me, for sure. You should sacrifice your genitals and breasts and whole body to the desires of covetous hypocrite God’s clergymen. Surely, most of them are just normal males. So they can be easily seduced…I have searched a long time such a capable and outstanding woman like you…Philistine whores are stupid, and Egyptian women look different than us, and our own tramps here are frigid,” she  smiled  assuredly,
“You will find your special way to cajold the priests.You have a unique pretiness and wit, I’ve discerned that. You have to use that for the sake of our people. A quiet and peaceful Queendom like Judea - isn’t a self-understandable national entity in the wild area of Zion.”  
“I am sorry, but I must… refuse that job!” said Bat Gad decisively, “I’ll kill myseld, your Highness. I will make suicide. I had enough with sacrificing my body and my dignity. I came here, thinking that nobody would recognize me and inquire my past. That I’d be able to have a serene life. . .I have thought… of a quiet breath, like fading out…” she murmured her last words.
“Your end will come very soon,” scolded her the queen, “if you refuse me. It’s imperative, that you sacrifice your private life, your happiness, your wish of homeliness, if you have such. Your every limb should shutter for your queen! Do you want an atonement for what you’ve failed to discover to my deceased family?”
Bat Gad shook her head: no. 
“You should follow my order with great joy. Your God will bless you. . .You have not changed your religion, have you?…”
“No, queen Athaliah. I still believe in the God of Israel. Despite knowing his terrible demands from his believers…” 
The queen handed her a neat handkerchief and she wiped her tears.
Then Athaliah showed her the iron rod that she was owning. It was now ornamented with a colored dark snake twisting around it. She explained to Bat Gad her simple philosophy of ruling by it. 
“Bat Gad, be like this snake. It is the most cunning animal that either God has created. It is smooth skinned, cold blooded, sneaks everywhere,  penetrates holes. And bites its enemy…then retreats and twists again around its owner’s iron stick...”
On her way back to her cabin near her sister’s house, Bat Gad was suddenly enthralled. She was forced to undertake that job, and she should just look at its pros. The queen has relied on her. She was worthy again in the eyes of a ruler, and she was eager to show again her capacity to bring benefit to the people and enjoy her revenge on human males. She had entangeled herself by beauty and desire… All would become a thrilling pleasure now. Poor innocent prophet Joseph was the first. Who would be next, and next?… 
    
Her next man was the deputy of Yehoyada, El-Zion. He was the keys’ keeper of the Temple. On the following night, according to Athaliah’s advice, Bad Gad was striding at the temple courtyard’s fence. She saw the man, a clay made oil candle in his hand. He was closing the small woods store, towhere people were still allowed to come and pray in days and nights, in a place as near as possible to the locked and quite neglected large Temple. 
She had just called : “sir!”. He turned to her and she asked if she could enter the Hall at that late hour. “Having suffered recently very much,” she begged, “I would like to be praying close to God...” The priest discerned that she suddenly put out her upper coat and remained in a green dress. She opened its cleft and exposed her long bare leg and looked at his eyes, and he knew she could be only a prostitute, but much prettier than others that he had seen.
“I’ll  pray with you,” he said with a smile. A rain began to drop, and he told her that they would  soon find a shelter.
“But not in this woods store,” he said, “It has a bad smell and the rain would penetrate. Better we’ll enter the stone cabin, there. In the past - our nice priests would wash their hands and feet there in a large basin. . .”
They came into the ‘priests’ old washroom’. He found inside the stone cabin some woods, and lit a small fire, that immediately warmed the place.
“You can begin saying your prayer slowly, don’t be in a haste,” He said.
She nodded, and did not fear from him. They looked curiously at one another in the red fire light. While still standing near her, he pressed his mouth on hers and  she was putting her tongue inside his sweet mouth very passionately. He laid her askew on the old stone basin. She undressed and threw her dress on the floor and he saw that she had already spread her legs, just wishing to be given to his wishful penis, that had alreay been peeping out from his front robe, that he had promply opened. She felt her hole had become a furnace, while he entered her and remained there – still without moving, but just existing there, like still extending and thickening  and feeling her juices stream sweetly smoothly delicately around his stick of flesh. Then she put her mouth on his ear, and he felt a lick so sweet, and her long tongue explored his inner hollow hole there, and he heard sea waves like rustling into his head and saw an unending blue horizon, and he murmured to her, asking if she would like to feel the same enjoyment in her inner head, and she agreed. He said that hers was a lick of sweetness like the taste of the apple to Adam’s mouth, and she rejoiced from that beginning. While still licking each other they were feeling electric currents passing from their inner brain tunnels to their whole nerves’ system, and then the priest knew that now he should caress her breasts and her finger nails bruised his thighs while she began moving back and forth and he still wanted only to hold his cock tight inside her, but not yet start his manifested torch racing toward the targeted wire at the end, though he was pleased to feel the sensational soaking wetness of her pussy and heard her moan when he  pumped more deeply into her womb and then rubbed with his fingers there in her underlips and suddenly took the stick out and retreated and said:
“I must get rid of my dress, hotty lass from paradise.” Then he bent nakedly to her, while she was still lying-leaning askew on the stone that became warm too, and he dropped his head to her genitals and drew his lips and tongue to reach  there down and he was tasting her own cum, and after that he pumped there with his two fingers three times,  and said: ‘sweet like honey’. She smiled, and  remembered that she had actually smeared bees’ honey on her cunt’s lips, - before arriving to the temple. So their taste was confusing for him, but he continued that lick, while she began  massaging-rubbing his wet penis, and she guessed  that he had finished licking the real honey, but continued to praise her streaming juice’s taste, and she said: “Please, I am burning from lust, let it in, let me get it,”- and his cock began like rotating inside her, and she did not feel he was too harsh or abrupt, but knowledgeable that the joined love machine stirs both and that the sighs and moans and murmurs should flatter them to still remain inside one another like a blessed connectd unconnsciousness. “I should still restrain myself,” he whispered suddenly, “just to feel you ejaculating your sperm-like juice more and more, to smooth my whole being, oh wonderful stream…Oh  my climax, please  wait!  my lass would like to send her perfumed juices on your head, please …Oh, God, give me strength to repeat that in a second roll…” 
He had not yet ejaculated, but pulled out, saying: “Have you known, maid, that our Torah forbis me marrying you? Ha Ha. As you are not a virgin.…Therefore I hadn’t even asked your name, dearie. But I have never felt such wonderful intercourse with a stranger woman, nor my with wife, of course. Now I have calmed down a little, and I can enter you again, but as I am very hot - I would not like to have my sperm jolt inside you and bring you to pregnancy.”
“I don’t mind if yes,” she said, “I am a foreigner here, and a baby would make me stay and have a home, set a root here. I have come from north Israel.”
“Hopefully, you were not a real prostitute, I’m sure. You are an artist in fucking, which a whore is not. She just wishes to get rid of the man who lies with her.”
“I was a honorable and respected woman,” she said, “till God had dragged me over the land and forced me to be what I am. I don’t demand anything from men, but to pay me for my work, so that  I can make a living.”
“Well, I’ll pay you. But I want you to be my sole concubine. Only with me you shall  lie. In ‘Leviticus book’ – Moses says nothing about a priest’s mistress… Can you agree to my offer?”
“I have first to know you, sir,” she said, “I have to rely on you, and enjoy your society even out of bedtime. Otherwise I am for you only a fucking wagon.” ( The word ‘machine’ had not been used at that ancient time. The most complicated machine and its symbol -  was a chariot, a carriage, a wagon).  
Hearing that – The Priest’s shaft enlarged again, and he entered her and pumped her very fast and breathed much more quickly than before… 
At the end of their journey he told her: “I  will build a separate hut for you. Please be my concubine. I am quite rich.”
“Well,” she said, “But I am afraid. I have known too many men, who had cheated me, even proposed and then retreated.”
“Don’t chat about that with anybody. My boss, High Priest Yehoyada is fanatical for Purity of flesh and Piety of spirit. I am now in great danger…”
“I swear I won’t bring assasins upon you,” she said with a smile. 

Nefertita heard some voices inside her cave- coming through the wall of the old basin room.  She wondered what those could be, because one was a woman’s voice…When Yehosheva visited her soon afterward, she told her about that. The High Priest’s wife told her, that it might have been her imagination, that had gone astray.
“I know you have very hard nights and darkened days,” she said, and went away with a feeling that Nefer really should get a vacation. But how?

A week later Athaliah organized a ‘night of fulfilling desires’ to the youngsters of Judea. The Baal priest Mathan and his guys announced that happening in the streets and in the markets of Jerusalem, Mareisha, Lakhish, Livna, and Geva. One of the attractions would be, they declared, a naked exotic extravagant stripteser and dancer. She would teach the art of seducing to every woman, with a live show of making love to a young Baal’s priest. Bat Gad, who was said to be that maiden, kept that in secret, of course. She had known that Joseph was really in love with her, and would refuse to share her amazingly pretty body with other men. To hide her identity she was covering her forehead, eyes and nose - by a dark kerchief, tied at the back of her neck - with two narrow holes torn in its center for the eyes.   
Athaliah had heard from Bat Gad about Joseph, the anti-Baal prophet, who one day may organize rebels. She just asked Mathan to put Joseph’s name in the suspects’ record, and nothing more. However, she had not told anything about El-Zion, the deputy of Yehoyada. She saw he was taciturn about her, and to tighten relationship with him might be very fruitful, but it would take time.           
That night Bat Gad wanted just a vacational sex journey. She was making love nonstop with four joyful guys, in addition to the one in her streaptese sex show. The sexual intercourses took place in the ‘vineyard hill’, that its owners were forced by the queen’s soldiers to supply sharp liquids from his wines cellar to the celebrating Idols worshippers. Younger girls, who came from all the nieghboring towns, were waiting impatiently to put an end to their virginity. They were screaming like mad to every youth who was standing on a small box and showing his hammer. To express  their lust, many giggled hysterically, to the applauds of friends scatterd  around. 
Most of those girls had prepared themselves a week or two before - for the pilgrimage to the so called vineyard,( though the area had been really a Terebinths woods). They bought good olives oil and smelling perfumes for that night, and washed themselves before that day, rarely having done that so carefully in the past. Many were polishing their  nails  to  be  neat or even color them. They were cleaning their teeth with good smelling leaves of mentol and flowers of lavender. Some were said to uproot a rotten stinking tooth, by connecting it to a string. It would be tied to a door’s handle, and hacked  by closing the door by a strong push. (at those remote days, as well as fifty years ago, in most countries of the Globe – no tooth treatment had existed). 

Two days after that event, High Priest Yehoyada asked El Zion if the gossip  about him had been true.
“What  gossip?” asked the deputy High Priest.
“You boasted of having a concubine.”
“Yes, I’ve…thought to tell you about that.” 
“What? How dare you!?” shouted the High Priest, “It’s writen in Torah,‘The priests shall not take a woman who is prophaned by harlotry…nor a woman divorced from her husband, for he (the priest)is holy to God.”(LEVITICUS Chapter 21-7).
“Excuse me,” said his deputy El-zion,”I interpret the wording: ‘shall not take a woman’- shall not take her for good, for a wife. But had Moses intended to say that we shall not have a concubine - he would have written: ‘A priest should not have a meeting or touch with any woman except his wife,’ and so on…”  
“You blasphem the name of the Almighty by saying that!” roared Yehoyada. 
“Why should a king or a prince allowed to do that? He should  be holy like us.”
“I don’t know about any priest in our history, that had done that,” said Yehoyada. 
“That does not mean, that a priest should not,” said the young priest.
“What’s her name, can you reveal to me?”
“Yes. Bat Gad.” 
“Oy oy, Oy! People had testified of having seen her walking toward the ‘vineyard hill’, among a line of young women, God’s offenders.”
Priest El Zion was frozen on his seat. His hands and his beard were quivering like leaves in a storm, and his chest was pounding like drums. 
“I am shocked,” he groaned, “she swore to me… that she had repented to God.” 
“If you, El-Zion, don’t put an end to that profanity immediately,” said Yehoyada, “I ensure you, that God’s believers would. Now I fire you from your position as Chief Priest’s Deputy. Go to Mathan, kneel to Baal! You scoundrel!”  
He called two flower priests who drove him from the Temple.
Later on that day, Bat Gad came alone to Athaliah. She complained that her name had been made publicized as a participant in the Baal’s celebrations. The only man, who had known her identity was Mathan. He had revelaed that to God’s Priest… Yes, Mathan, Chief  priest of Baal, nobody elese…  
Athaliah called Mathan and reproached him. She told him what she had heard from Bath Gad, and also that he had tried to rape her. Because she scolded  at him, saying that he was a filthy old man for her. “It’s a shame on a man like him,” she told the queen, “to use my body against my will, doesn’t he unserstand that?”
Queen Athaliah called Mathan after Bat Gad had left her palace.
“You have resented me,” she told him,”for trying to rape a woman. Maybe I had to order her surrender to you. But how dared you- to revenge her by pubicizing her identity as the stiptease maiden? You have burned her now as my spy. All God’s priests now talk about that, and their gossip exaggerate the bare truth even ten folds. They will all beware of her. Nobody will reveal to her anything.  I won’t be able to detect any conspiracy. I can’t understand you, old villain…”
“But why had not you informed me that she’s an agent?” asked Matahan.
“You don’t have to know about every step that I take. I’m the Queen! And you aren’t even my husband, though I lie with you wimsically, your belly on mine.”
“Why had she joined to my festivity there at all ?” sked Mathan, “The Idols’ worshippers were not her branch business, you had told me that now.”
“That was in her vacation timeout. She had certainly wanted to have some fun. She had suffered a lot, man…if would know her story. I’m liberal regarding a woman’s behavior, you know.  I am not puritan, and you are for profanity, like me. I would bless Baal if I could return to my mad younghood pleasures’ practice, and revive my desires. You understand that, don’t you?
 I would even neglect my throne, if not the memory of my family and respect to them would stick me to rule in this fuckened country!”
She screamed the last sentence in hystery, and astonished Mathan. He knelt before her and kissed the nails of her feet. He carressed her kness delicately and asked her forgiveness, saying he would find for her another seducing whore. She said that he should search everywhere till he finds.
“I feel in my nerves- that some conspiracy is boiling under my nose. I smell its scent, but I can’t do anything against that. I will tighten my instructions against the God believers. Maybe my closing their prayers in the Temple was not enough. What more should I do? They aren’t allowed to harangue to more than ten people in a house, and I scatter any demonstrtation against me…” 

Later on that day prophet Joseph went to see Bat Gad near her cabin. She was not there, though they had dated to see each other at that point. He was worried, but since that day he had never seen her. There were rumors that she was stabbed by a man and found dead in the Baal celebration Vineyard Hill. Athaliah had once reminded her to Mathan, and he denied having a hand in her assasination. The Priests and Levitin of God had never talked about her. Their lips were locked regarding many subjects, believing that a talk is a beginning of a deed. Many prophane women disappeared in Athaliah’s generation and afterward. Bastard children became also orphans, and sweethearts became heart-broken.
PART  FOUR

CHAPTER 20


Four years later - idle donkeys and starving dogs were striding on the Temple’s deserted courtyard. There was a lot of trash scattered on the square paved stones, that many of them were broken, and in some places removed and stolen. Pigeons and birds of prey filled the area, as well as some poor people. They were searching food inside heaps of rotten fruits and vegetables, and remnants of butchered sheep, thrown there by neighbors of the Temple. No one prohibited the scatter of garbage, nobody stopped the poor enter and gather there. The authorities of Athaliah did not impose any penalty for auch contamination of the sacred site. Stains of animals’ or even human beings’ blood were oozing between heaps of trash, and the smell of dirt and death filled the air. 
One morning Prophet Joseph arrived there, to speak to the poor passers by. He wished very eagerly to demostrate to them and to himself his rhymes’ capability and poetic talent:    
Oh,  Judah, God’s chosen seed.
To what distress you are decreed.
Proud Athaliah’s impious hand-
brought bloodshed on this Holy Land. 
(those lines were taken from the libretto by  Humphreys, to  Opera Oratorio Athaliah by Handel)

At night Athaliah was seated on a stone bench in the palace courtyard. Mathan came there and pulled her by the hands to raise up. Both were already looking at the sky, as their habit had been for long. They wanted to see together again - what the night had hidden high up, among the myriads of stars and comets and other flashing planets: The queen had known that no one but the Baal astrologists could solve their riddles and discover their secrets.
Mathan raised his bamboo cane from the paved floor, and was looking up.
“Dear Queen,” he said, “You have been already five years the absolute ruler of Judea. The God believers are deeply supressed.  Jehu is far. Egypt’s Pharaoh is in dread from a competitor king in Upper Egypt. So, what more do you ask ? Recently I have descerned a cloud on your face. The horizon is flashing, not dark, darling.” 
“I have not met you last week, and I know your frustration, that I’m in  bad mood, enclosed in myself…I have called you now to view the stars again. Because  I have a permanent feeling of nausea; frequent head aches, preoccupation with queer feelings, of orphanage and loneliness and slow dying…Oh, Baal!” She screamed.
“But you are with people for long hours. With commanders, with ministers, with servants.With me…You are the ruler.”
“Eh, all seems useless, lifeless…Maybe the stars can hint me what would cause all that bad confusion, that vicious emptiness. Or only the devil would know...”
“Why have you kept that in secret till now? A good physician will solve these problems…hmm, quite easily, I hope.” 
“No human being would be able to help me,” she was nervy, “My dead family appears in my dreams, and nobody can manage such visions.” 
Then she assaulted Mathan with pushes, and shouted: “You try the stars, D’you hear me? Don’t talk too much!”
Mathan was looking above, quite unable to ‘setting up’ the bamboo cane that he was holding- to a certain accumulation of stars, that would bring a wishful shape. He just saw MYRIADS OF STARS - as in every regular bright night. 
Athaliah snatched the hollow cane from him, and gazed over: 
Close to the middle of the sky’s ‘cape’- a star suddenly flied slowly, pulling a long arched ‘lighted tail’ from the left to the right. The arch\bow remained for some seconds on the zenith: Its ‘belly’, concave over Athaliah’s  head; it was as just a frozen phenomenom. Mathan, who was gazing above without the ‘telescope’- had heard Athaliah’s scream of dread  “Oohhhhh”.
They both just saw  another star moving forward - in a straight line directed to the middle of the flashing ‘bow’ – pulling its illuminates tail over the sky.
The whole view was like an arrow shooted from a bow, toward the spectators who would look up at it. ..
Athaliah handed the cane to Mathan with a new shriek. She grabbed his arm, then tried to lean her head on it. In her ambigious dread she soon snatched the cane from him and dropped it down.  Mathan let it lie on the pavement and only moved his head solemnly.
“I Can’t help it,” he said, “It’s an omen  from Baal: Be cautious to where you go. The arrow will pursue you. Rely on your will-power to rule. Beware of your internal enemy, dear queen.”
“I can’t accept that analysis,” she told him, and went back to her bedroom. “internal enemy - you mean: within myself? Or internal – within my kingdom? You become like the Greek Oracle, bringing a vague– double message, that I will believe in your prophecies, and continue to use your pretentious service. No, sir!” 
She felt an acute headache, and told Mathan to leave her alone. 
Then she called her horsemen and told them to ride after her toward God’s Temple. Mathan saw them and mounted his horse too. He did not ask her permission to escort her small group. He understood that her short travel toward God’s Temple, was led by her severe psychological pressure. ‘By her heavy soul,’ as he said to himself. 
At that morning hour the Temple’s Hall was very quiet.  On the altar, in its eastern side, were seen some tied birds, assumably ready for sacrifice. Two Priests had been staying there, praying in whispers. Yehoyada was also standing at the altar’s side, just murmuring a morning prayer and meditating about something else.
It seemed to Yehoyada, that recently he had gained a little success. He persuaded the capricious queen to allowe a renewal of this small daily ceremony - after the Priests had a demonstational ‘fasting strike’ outside her gate’s palace for a whole week. She had urrendered to their sobs and cries, having understood that  her decrees against the God’s believers were too extreme. Or some string in her heart began to replay a music, that she had wanted to forget, but it was hidden somewhere in her soul?..
The priests near the altar began singing loudly a Psalms prayer in a low voice. They were  humming, and no clear words could be identified.  
In a corner,  not  far from  the  altar,  there  were  seen  two  boys. They had been Yehoyada’s pupils, wearing juts and linen long Mantles. Their legs were given in a kind of strange trousers, that their length arrived only to their knees, and  cloth sandals were tied to their feet. They began playing with a stoned  cube behind their learning desk, while their teacher had been far.
Now then they saw Yehoyada approaching them. They let their game toys remain on the floor, under their small learning desk. They became seated back on the stool, that was used by them while studying. Zacharia, Yehoyada’s son, grabbed a scroll which was on the table, rolled it a little, and he and his friend  gazed into it, pretending to read from it in whisper. 
“Pupils,” said Yehoyada, “Have you found  the right chapter in Psalms?” 
They nodded, and began to sing the first sentence in the chapter:
“God is my shepherd, I shall not miss anything.”
A knock was heard at the front door of the Temple’s Hall. A Flower Priest arrived and whispered something to the High Priest, still standing at the boys’ desk, placed in what they named: ‘the Learning Corner.’ 
Yehoyada rushed out from there, joining the the Flower Priest on his way to the entry door. He saw Abner already enter. He was dressed in his uniform, and Yehoyada discerned that his beard had become gray lately. He shook hands with him, and the Flower Priest left them. While they approached the altar, they were talking.
“In old times,” said Yehoyada, quite in a reproach, “you, General, had visited the Holy Temple frequently. You could at least pay me visits at home. I have not seen you personally for two years… ”
“These are hard times, dear Priest. I pray every day  to God, that He will clear our horizon.”
“Horizon is only a line on the edge of earth,” said Yehoyada, “that seems to touch the sky. You should fulfill your vow to the sky, to God! Wake up!” 
“I am very busy in my duty as a General, sir. The Arameans are threatening; they surround vicious Jehu, and try to climb around toward us, and encircle us too. That’s the situation.”
“So, what had happened that you came here now?”
“First, to ask you if a defeat of this brutal queen’s regime- may be our gift, or a disaster sent from God?”
“No, I don’t like treachery against Judea’s kingdom, sir! Better suffer from her cruelty - than face a foreign enemy, who may send us all to exile or kill us.” 
“I am frustrated,” said Abner, “We will face an enemy from outside and inside, with no hope.”
“There is hope,” said Yehoyada, “We, God’s believers- rely on your ability to lead a rebellion against the witch. She wants to efface the name of God from under the sky! She seeks any small quarrel with our God believers – as an opportunity to humiliate us and push us to a lower position.”   
“I am still skeptical,” sighed the General, “if we can do something at present. I’ve told you in the past: Most of our soldiers now are Idols’ Worshipers.”    
“You mean – that I should continue praying and teaching - and wait?”
Abner nodded. But then he said something, that had caused a blink of far hope in Yehoyada’s heart:
“Have patience, High Priest. God is unexpected. That’s all I can say.  Really,  I’ve arrived here – to inform you that this evil woman is on her way to this Temple.” 
“Oh, God! Whenever she had come- it was for vile intentions, followed by imposing new capricious decrees. Please, remain with us here.”
“Therefore I have just come…She herself had asked me to be present here with her. I can’t bear her scandals, so I’ll soon get out… I’ll let her search me.” 
Yehoyada and Abner were approaching the two boys, who were discussing something and gazed at Abner with inquiring eyes. The High Priest pointed at him and said:  “This is General Abner, boys. I’ve told you once about him…And these are my son- Zakhariah,” he said to Abner, “and his friend Elyakim. Athaliah has prohibited the Daily Sacrifices in this Hall, but not Torah studies. Then she re-agreed to pigeons’ sacrifice, as to humiliate God, or mock by that on our poor offerings to Him. She still forbids sheep and oxen sacrifices, saying that our way of butchering causes enormous suffer to the big animals. Such ridiculous accusations- she has invented…”
“I’ve heard  all that,” said Abner, “the situation worsens, as she has an advisor and collaborator, her lover -  cunning Baal Priest...”
“However, by allowing me to teach here,” said the High Priest, “she has shown her relative generosity. My wife went to her and begged that…So, I study with these kids, and another priest studies with others, in the afternoon…”  
“I’ve implored to her a week ago,” said Abner, “to permit also the  chorus to sing here again. She agreed. In the future I’ll come myself - and listen top the Levitin.” 
“Well,” said Yehoyada, “But will she allow the whole public to attend?” 
“She has agreed to an audience of up to hundred people!...Maybe you’ll hear it straight from her in a few minutes.” 
The High Priest suddenly became suspicious. He  grabbed Abner by his sleeve and said in a whisper: 
“I’m still not quiet, sir. I fear from her visit. Please find some soldier who will bring my wife here. If the Queen will arrive with a vile purpose, my wife - her daughter- still can moderate her...Yehosheva is buying someing in the market.” 
Abner went outside, after shaking the priest’s hand. Yehoyada stayed for a while in the ‘learning corner’ and heard the two children explain loudly to him what they understood from Psalm’s chapter-  about God’s creation and the pious people who will walk as  pilgrims to his Temple… the boys read it loudly together.
Suddenly a click was heard from the entry door. It was opened, and four armed guards penetrated in. They were followed by the Queen and Mathan, who walked behind Athaliah as a shadow. She rushed straight forward toward the altar.
The  Flower Priests staying there, discerned her immediately. She was already gazing at the curtain of the “Holy of Holies” chamber, well remembered and recognized by her. But before moving any further step, Athaiah heard  loud shouts of the priests, though the crown had been on her head:
“Out of here, woman!”  One of  them shouted, and the other called: “Where is Yehoyada?”
“Dear queen,” whispered Mathan from behind Athaliah, “You can see it’s quite a deserted place. Why should you still insist to visit here?” 
“Neither your stars– nor Ashera Prophetess…could cure me from  my suffering.”  
“Perhaps you have not listened exactly Baal star’s message: Be very very cautious now- when facing God Believers. Here is a dangerous place for you!”
Athaliah waved her hand, in rejection to Mathan’s words. 
“Only you yourself,” he continued, disregarding Athaliah’s antagonism, “by your own strong  personality and excellent character…can cure  your mysterious...emotional imbalance.  I’ve  told   you that repeatedly.” 
Athaliah pushed him away impatiently, but he remained  staying  not far from her.
The High Priest  of God discerned  Athaliah,  and  stopped  talking  with  his son and with his little  friend. The queen approached their place and was facing Yehoyada.  
“Oh- Good day, High Priest,” she greeted him, trying to be heard calmed  and  be  felt  like- sympathetic to him, “I hope you  are well, and so my daughter - your  wife.”
“Yes, thank God. Physically we are healthy. Not so much spiritually, Queen.” 
“I’m sure, High Priest, that you wonder - why should I come here?...”
He was silent, hesitating that any word would damage.  
“I need the help of your God!” she added.
“What help?” asked Yehoyada.    
“He should find a cure to my nightmares. I can’t sleep.  I am filled with…a fear of something. I am horrifired…”
“I remember, that there was a Priest or a Prophet of God,” said Mathan, though her penetrat-
-ting look at him tried to avoid him talking, “his name was Shalum. He had been a specialist in such…irregular human spirit phenomena…”
“Yes, he or any other God Believer, I hope…” she said.  
“You have your funny priests, this man’s idiots…” Yehoyada mocked, pointing on Mathan, his past assistant, “Go to them. God Almighty will be tough with your Excellncy, you know. He will want  you to repent to him with a full heart. To destroy your idols’ pictures, sculptures, statues.” 
A wicket on the left of the ‘learning corner’ was opened in a screech.
Yehosheva entered it, while bending, and rushed to the children. She was looking from far at her mother Athaliah, who discerned her and was approaching her from the Hall’s center - behind the altar. 
Yehoyada, Mathan, the Flower Priest and the Gurads, all followed Athaliah. She stopped a few steps from her daughter and weaved a hand towar her:
“What is this woman doing here?” she said in surprise and ordered her Guards: 
“Watch her very close there! She should hold a distance from me.”
Suddenly the queen discerned the two boys, that Yehosheva was standing at their study-desk.. 
“Thank God, that I’ve come in due time,” Yehoshebva called from far, “Mother, d’you hear me? I hope you behave  properly in this holy place. Unlike you’d done in the past.”  
“And you should be more respectful to the Queen!” shouted Athaliah, “You don’t give a damn for my health, which has deterioorated. You’ve stopped visiting me.” 
“I can’t believe you are ill,” said Yehosheva, as the Queen approached further. 
“What- not ill!? I’m damned!” Athaliah’s right foot treaded strongly the wooden floor. Then she began speaking with ecstasy, a foam on her lips: 
“Scenes of horror stir around me!  –and you’re saying you can’t believe. I shake from time to time, unexpectedly. I lack a good sleep - that would free a human soul, as well as even a  spirit of  a beast…”
“If that is the truth,”  said Yehosheva bluntly, “You have gotten a punishment from God!”
“You, my dear daughter, better beg your God to help me... Please, High priest Yehoyada. I am sorry that I have deviated to side talk for a while…you are certainly better than this woman - in the eyes of God…” 
The boys, who have put a small tortoise on their large desk, now turned their heads toward the queen. She approached them, and they were quite frightened by her presence. They put the tortoise upside down and smiled at it, as if to pretend disregarding the queen. Yehosheva, however, shouted at them nervously: ‘stop that game!’- pulled up the tortoise and threw it away. She  indicated the boys to keep quiet, and her heart was beating from a strange fear. 
Athaliah still had a short glimpse at the boys, then seemed to be concentrated in herself. But suddenly she collapsed on the floor, fainting with a murmur on her lips. Mathan rushed to her, and slapped her cheeks while she was lying on the floor. She still remained unconscious, wrapped by a ghostly vision . It was a mix up of reality with imagination. Soon a cup of water was brought to her. Mathan  poured the liquid on her face. That caused her to re-open her eyes. She told the people surrounding her, whil she rose up:
“I had had been haunted…by a fantasy:  I was not the crowned Athaiah, but the beautiful youth, lying on my younghood’d bed in Samaria. Suddenly the door had opened. A elderly but pretty woman entered on tiptoe. She was my mother Jezebel, wearing a blue velvet dress. Bracelets on her wrists and golden jewellery, with diamons flashing on her hands.  She was already standing at my bed, waking me up. We were embracing each other. ‘My child,’ she said, ‘my child…
 (The following poetic lines are my free translationa and adaptation from the famous drama “Athaliah” by French poet Jeabn Racine):    
“I know very well why do you shudder.
You fear to have the same fate of your mother!
The God of Israel is badly angry on you:
His strangling fingers will grip your throat, too!”

“I still felt darkness, the air was very gloom.
The shadow of my Mom was still in my room. 
She bent a little, to let  me again embrace her:
I have sent my hand to caress her hair…      
But to my big shock, that made me alert-
I woke up, and found  only bones, blood, dirt!”

Athaliah screamed, and the boys were looking at her in awe. Yehosheva stood up  before them, and hided from their eyes the view of the terrified queen. One vision that Athaliah had seen not long before - she did not tell now. It was Jezebel’s killing scene. It happened on the balcony of her Jezer-el palace. Athaliah had recently heard its description - from a scroll, written by somebody who had come from northern Israel. It could have been the Prophet Joseph, who had copied that from Gehazi’s tales, and extended it a little:  
“On the balcony of Jezre-el’s palace were standing  three figures. Jezebel was one of them, in the center. Beside her were two devoted castrated servants, whose upper bodies were naked. They all saw from above the rebel Jehu  approaching. He was waving with his blooded sword toward them. With him were soldiers, who long years had hated the old royal family.  
Excited and terrified Jezebel shrieked to her castrated slaves:
“Why do you grab my arms, castrated? Are you trying to betray  me?”.
“You have castrated us!” shouted both men, ”so now we take revenge:  One, two, three.”
They counted, while carrying her body by their hands, dangling her back and forth, till finally they threw her down from the blacony. A cracking crash of her broken skull and bones had been heard. Then Jehu brought a horse. The corpse had been tied to it by ropes, and so it was dragged at the streets, and the dogs were licking her sour blood, and whores washed it out …”  
Athaliah rose on her feet, but was soon staggering in Mathan’s arms.
“I’m  so dizzy,”  she mumbled, “Oh, my mother’s fading form… Oh Baal!” 
“Honorable queen, relax and take a rest,” Tried Mathan to calm her, “Why fear from a delusive dream? It’s only a dream…Don’t surrender to a vision. You’re the greatest and strongest Queen that Israel and Judea had ever had.”
Meanwhile the two boys rose from their bench, as indicated by Yehosheva. She wanted to sneak them outside by the side-wicket, through which she had arrived. But on the way toward it – her son  Zakhariah fell down. Athaliah’s daughter was bending, to see what happened to him. 
Athaliah rushed to their direction, calling the guards to follow her.
“Hold!  Hold these boys!” she ordered, “I must have a look at them.”
The guards rushed to the side-door and grabbed the boys, while Athaliah was approaching them slowly.  Mathan and Yehoyada walked toward there, too.
Athaliah’s eyes were gazing like hypnotized on the boy Zakharia, her grandson, and on his friend Elyakim.  She was pointing on both boys.
“Who are these kids, daughter?” she asked Yehosheva.  “Don’t  tell me – that both are your own children.”  
“Of course not.” said Yehosheva.
“I am so busy ruling this kingdom,” said Athaliah as to herself, “that I had not had  a moment for my own family.”
Chief Priest Yehoyada poined on the boys, and said:
“Queen, This is your grandchild, Zakhariah, and this is his friend. They study together here, to read with me our holy scripts and to write, too I’m their teacher.” 
“I have recognized this boy,” exlaimed Asthaliah hysterically, pointing on Elyakim, “I’ve seen him in my dream! Within the horrors, that my soul had provoked. Oh,  I must--  “
She approached Elyakim, who left his seat and rushed to stand at Yehosheva’s left side, grabbing her hand and embracing her thighs with fear.    
 “This boy tried to kill the queen - in my last night dream…” Athaliah looked at Elyakim again. She bent to him, and shouted:  “Is it true - or not?  Do you hate me, boy?”
Elyakim hided behind Yehosheva in dread; she had stretched her hands to her back and he was holding them. 
“You should be ashamed, mother” – shouted Yehosheva, “to blame such a little child! See how scared he is!”
“I’ll interrogate him!” said Athaliah abruptly, “Just to calm my nerves. To ensure that what I’ve seen – was only a bad dream...” 
Then she turned around, looking at her escorts, and sneered, “This is a filthy stinking place. Let’s all go out -  to the airy courtyard!” 
The guards indicated Yehosheva and the boys to go with them. 
Athaliah, Mathan and Yehoyada were following the little group, who had left the Temple’s hall...  
Queen Athaliah was standing again opposite to her daughter and to the boys. All the other men were looking from behind, standing around, The queen  approached Elyakim again. She was gazing at him, an expression of amazement on her face. 
“Well!  Tell me boy, who are you!” she said.       
Elyakim shrugged. He turned his head aside.
“Oh, sweet face,” she was like talking to herself, “it is exactly like what I have seen in my dream.  And his coat – is similar ... So, I haven't come here in vain, dear boy! I’ve found you! I want to talk to you face to face. Only the two of us.”
She pointed again on Elyakim, and he re-hided his face behind Yehosheva’s back..
“Please, your Majesty,” tried Mathan, to refrain her from talking further, “he’s only a boy.” 
“Our people will be very upset,” intervened also the High Priest, “if one of this boy’s hair drops down.”
“You seem like chasinge him, Mom,” said Yehosheva, “See how afraid he’s become!”
“I have to look at this boy from very close:  Be impressed by his exact features, even smell him...You - move out of here, my subordinates!’  
“Mother!  What happens to you?! Think!” shouted Yehosheva.  
“I have to live with him for a while,” Athalia like meditated loudly, “Yes, even feel his feelings, and reveal his thoughts.”   
“You can’t do that!” said Yehoyada, “He has…his own wishes. You can’t kidnap him. What would the people think about your… sanity, Queen?” 
“For long time I have not had such feelings to anyone,” said the queen clearly and affectionally, “Like the boy had been my own flesh and blood. This sensation is filling my heart! I love his whole shape, and want to embrace him, and caress his cheeks…Boy, at least you should tell me …” she sighed, “where have you come from?”  
“Well!” said Yehoyada to Elyakim, “You must answer the Queen’s question, my boy.  God has given you wisdom for that.” 
Athaliah smiled and gently stepped toward her daughter’s side. She glanced again at Elyakim, whose face has changed, because the Priest had ordered him to answer her, and it was difficult for him.  
“What’s your name?” she asked.
“Elyakim – is my name. I say it without a shame.”
“What are your parents’ names, may I  know?”
“Even their graves- nobody would  me show.”
“Oh, you are an orphan, poor boy . . .”said Athaliah. He nodded.
“But I learn the Bible- so I’m filled with joy.” 
“Where were you born:  in a village or in a town?
“This Temple is my homeland, It is my crown.”
Athaliah touched  her crown in a nervy mode. It almost slipped down. 
“Do you remember your childhood’s views, surrounding?”
“Only wild wolves, that against me were rounding!”
“Since your childhood- who has fed you and educated you?”
“God will not neglect his sons. They are always in His view.” 
Athaliah became upset. She was tapping the courtyard’s pavement by her shoes.  
She turned to Mathan, pointing on her daughter.
“Yehosheva  is a learned woman. So is her husband.  They have  taught this innocent boy how to answer, and hide details”.   
“Mother, enough with your rude and bothering behavior. You can’t force us to dance according to your flute…”
“I will force you to do whatever I want,” Athaliah howled. She suddenly assaulted the boy, was touching his shirt and then pulled his head by his curles, and was forcefully kissing his cheeks.  
Yehoshva tried to pull the boy back by her hands - to disengage him from Athaliah, who ‘smiled sweetly’ to him. Elyakim was looking at the Priest,  eager to know what he should do. Yehoyada still indicated him to stay there, and continue talking with the queen..  
“Lovely child,” she said again, “What is your daily program?  What are you doing here?”     
“The Chief Priest teaches me the…Bible’s Commandments, and its good,  wise judgments.”       
“For example?” asked Athaliah, and rejoiced. She felt suddenly like she herself had been a girl friend of that marvellous child.  
“God’s wish is,” he said, “that we will defend the weak orphan, and...He, the Almighty God- will kill murderers and other sinners.” 
The queen began searching in her gown’s pocket, and found there a small sack.  Mathan had known that he had brought that to her. He had thought the stones contained inside the sack – were necessary for her entertainment, by which she would forget her bad spirit. Now she pulled out the five colored rounded stones, found on Jordan river’s edge. She showed them to all– and handed  them to the boy elyakim.
“You see my present to you? Do you have a game like that here?” 
“My best game - is being a servant to God, in this Temple.”
“You, little boy, are forced to serve God?” she asked, looking derisively at Yehoyada.  
 “I lit with my friend Zahkharia the candles’ fire… Yes, from time to time we also play with the tortoise. . .We have never had such stones…” he said shyly, looking at Yehoyada.
“Oh, miserable boy. I see that you have hardly ever had a toy. You should  come to my palace:  you’ll have there so many games and many toys; not only the small animals that I saw you to play with. . .And I’ll find you new friends, boys and girls too.” .
“No!” crid Elyakim, and began to sob. Yehosheva bent to him and embraced him.
“I shall teach you also, “ said Athaliah, “how I, the Queen, use power over the people.”
“I shall not leave the Temple of God!” shouted the boy, “I hate the idols of the Queen! And now I hate her face and looks…”  
Elyakim suddenly disconnected himself from Yehosheva’s grip, and rushed to the fence near the courtyard’s gate. He wanted to escape, but the guards chased him, and  soon brought him back. 
“You and my daughter - have educated this child to hate me!” said the irritated Queen to Yehoyada, “this is what he studies here, in your sacred place! Filthy and dirty place…God’s Temple!”
Athaliah was laughing hysterically, and was gazing at Mathan – who nodded.
She turned now in a friendly gesture to Elyakim, who had been brought back. 
“I don’t have a heir!” she told the boy, and intended that all the people present there will listen, “I shall take you out of this Temple. Now! I’ll adopt you – as my own son! I wish it, and it will occur!” 
“Queen, what are you talking about?” asked astonished Mathan. He felt that her madness might hurt not only herself, and became really worried.  
“One day,” Athaliah told the boy, like a teacher to his pupil, “you will become king over Judea… Would you like that idea…?”  
“No,  Queen of Evil!” shouted the boy, “I shall not go with you. I’ll better die!” 
Athaliah felt she may collapse again. Her head was beating and her sight became dizzy. 
“I’ve become so tired,” she whispered to Mathan, who stood at her side, “I can’t bear my weakness any more. Let the boy go away…with my daughter and my grandson, his friend. We’ll come back another day.”
Yehoyada kissed Elyakim and his son Zakhariah, who ran to his arms too, quite envious of his friend  - who earned the Priest’s embrace first.
Yehosheva and the boys left the Temple’s courtyard very quickly.
Before Athaliah turned to go away too, she told Yehoyada:.  
“That boy has so much hatred for me. You had poisoned his soul! I know!”
“Not me,” said Yehoyada vehemently, “It was your hand, that  had  caused a great evil to the people of Judea. Even a foundling kid- like this one- knows that!”

Athaliah  and Mathan were riding their horses, on their way back to the recently renewed palace. The Baal priest tried to flatter her by saying: 
“My dear queen, I worship your behavior today. Your understanding, that we cannot confiscate the strange boy, like he were a lamb for sacrifice.”
“I’ve to take revenge of all the rebels!” she cried as to herself, still outraged about Yehoyada, “Beware of me, Priest of God!” 
When they came into her bedroom inside the palace, Athaliah  threw her crown on the small chair at the side. Mathan was holding her hand and tried to kiss it.
“You know - I have lost my desire for love making, my dear priest. The worst of all is, that I can’t sleep. Whatever I would do, I fail to sleep. I try to relax – in vain.”
The queen began to prowl to and  fro un-easily, and Mathan  tried to call her to concentrate.
“I have investigated the boy’s past,” he told her, “I know what people think about his luck, too: The High Priest told them that God had sent the foundling child to him - as a certain clue…Yehoyada  became used to show the boy to his visitors. He  would tell how noble were the boy’s ancestors. He would hint, that in God’s will - the boy may be a second Joshua or Moses…Ha, Ha!  Amazing, that nobody of the simple people would reflect, that these sayings were mere poses and hollow words of the High Priest.”
Ataliah walked toward  the window. She found there  a metal rod, which she had prepared before, and  played with it. 
“Moses, God’s first messenger to the people of Israel,” she told Mathan, “had a wooden rod to lean on. I hold this metal rod, to hit God’s stubborn people…”   
“Queen, no one can function properly, if he or she surrenders to insomnia,” tried  Mathan to make her return to reality, “You should find how to rest, Queen. I  am worried about you. The hallucinative waves, about which you have talked, are bad for a ruler of a kingdom. Dear Athaliah, your Ministers and Generals will soon discern your bad mood, your unstable mental condition…”  
“What condition?” she shouted, “That I suffer? And you – I have allowed you to find a concubine, you know! You don’t worry about me, but about your rude desires. 
 She pushed him away from her bedroom and banged the door. Mathan was left alone in the hall. He was thinking for a moment, then rushed back to her bedroom, and knocked at the door. Thouigh she had not opened it, he knew she would listen:  “I’ll get the boy. I swear.” Mathan said, and heard her wild and nervous laugh. 



CHAPTER 21


It was night. Two guards, Flower Priests, dressed in grey gowns, were keeping the High priest’s home. They were permanently walking around the fenced courtyard;  arrows and bayonets in their scabbards, and bows carried on their shoulders.
Mathan came at the fence from outside, dressed in his priestly robe and Baals’ sign of sun and moon embroidered on his chest . He was whistling some melody, and called the guards from over the fence. 
The two guards approached him from inside, looking at him cautiously. One was holding an oil lantern, that illuminated the surrounding in a pale light.
“Do you recognize who I am?” Mathan asked the keepers.
“No… What do you want?”
“Please, tell the High Priest, that I’m Mathan. I have been sent by the queen, with a message to him.” 
Mathan stretched his hand and showed the Guard two golden coins. The Guard took them with a smile. “I’ll put it to thr Temple’s charity box,” he said, and walked to the front door of Yehoyada’s large hut. He knocked twice on it.
A maid opened the door to him, and he saw the priest dining at the table with his wife Yehosheva. They discerned the guard standing at the front door, and asked if something was wrong. He told them what the Baal priest had said. 
Yehoyada  told the guard to bring Mathan in, and he soon stood at the door. 
“Welcome, serpent,” Yehoyada told his visitor in a calm manner, and indicated him to sit opposite to Yehoshava and himself. He had guessed the purpose of the visit, and began to fear that somehow the queen had become to suspect that the boy is from David’s dynasty. Therefore he began to talk about the boy quite ironically, though his wife pushed her elbow into his arm’s in anger: 
“Why a naughty boy’s refusal so angered the pagan Queen?” he asked.
“Please, listen to me very well,” said Mathan, “Her majesty has gone out of her mind - because of that boy.”
“You mean,” said Yehosheva, “that my mother has become a sexual maniac,” 
“Yes. I, her minister, am aware of that…”
“We shall not give a hand to her perversion and profanity. You can warn your collegues, her servants and offficials and army commanders. They should beware  -  that she won’t arrive to their kids too.”
“Let her take a Knaanite child!” said Yehoyada, “Why would Athaliah stick to that poor boy, who’s a God believer? Your Baal religion would allow that…” 
“Her lust for this particular boy is a new pathology in her,” said Mathan, (in noawadays  language he would say: “her pedophillia”), “All the physicians whom I’ve asked about that,  say the same thing: She wouldn’t  become cured - unless she gets that boy.”  
“To put the poor child in her bed?!” shouted Yehosheva, “Outrageous!”  
“Why is this second boy,” asked Mathan, turning to Yehosheva, “who’s not your son… so dear to you?  Lady, this love-story of you and your husband to him…may also strengthen her suspicion and cause her voracity. It’s marvelous and strange love, yes. Do you hesitate to hand him, because this boy’s Genealogy is so noble? There’s a rumor, that Yehoyada had praised him in public.”
“You are a liar, Mathan,” howled the High Priest, ”We know that y o u had spread such a rumor.”
“Rumor or not,” said Mathan , “If you don’t hand him to the Queen, still tonight, she had sworn… that God’s Temple will burn.”
Mathan was leaving, while the chief priest whispered: “It’s serious,Yehosheva. She’s crazy.”
He dressed his robe quickly, and his wife followed him to get out of their house.Yehoyada walked seldom to the temple by night, but at that night, after the queen’s queer visit there,  he had left his son and Elyakim in one of his priestly friends’ house. He told the children to play there, knowing that they had been quite aware of a danger. 
On their way Yehosheva whispered:
“If Athaliah really maddens and sets fire in the Temple – there is a danger in putting the kids in the old cave. It may be burned.” 
“No,” said the High Priest,” I have recently opened a new air-pipe in the place. . .The sqaure stone banning the opening would not enable the smoke to penetrate. I have personally made an experment there, putting a fire very close.”
“My dear husband,” she praised him, “you had already imagined the worst to come?”
”I had. And with God’s help - also my plan for resistance will also soon realize.”   

Mathan was wearing a black cloth, leading a gang with masked faces, near the fence of Yehoyada’s courtyard. He remembered the cynical saying of the queen to him: “Only you should burn that private house. You have expertized in that kind of work… I still won’t burn the Temple. That may burn the God’s Believers rage up to Heaven.” 
Mathan’s gangs were attacking Yehoyada’s gatekeepers by sticks with copper rod heads. They wounded only their hands, and let them escape. Mathan and two of his men burst into the High Priest’s courtyard. First, they broke the house wooden windows, and through them they were throwing torches into the rooms. Fire and smoke were soon emerging all around.       
Athaliah met Mathan in an alley not far. Both were already riding their horses close to each other, leading them toward the Temple. 
“I’ve spoken with your daughter and with the High Priest, “ said Mathan, “and warned them about the Temple. When I had put the fire – they had not been there, in their house.” 
“So, you suppose,” said Athaliah, “that they have already moved to the Temple, to warn the gate keepers and the priests praying inside?”  
He nodded and said:  “I think - the boys are with them.”
“Haven’t you seen the boys in the house?” she asked.
Mathan shrugged, and said that he had not heard their voices nor seen them.
“Oh, Baal!” shouted Athaliah at him, “Ride back to the conflagration! Rescue the 
boys. They may have been in the rear side, or in the courtyard!! Search my beloved kid. You, stupid Clergyman. Stop the fire! Fool! …I’ll  continue riding toward the Temple, maybe they’re there! Oh, mad Mathan…We are all mad now! Don’t sleep,  Idols! Help[ me!” 
She almost burst in a sob. Mathan had already ridden back. Her two guards saw her  frustration, but did not know how to react. 
Athaliah was already crossing the Temple’s courtyard, with her guards. She was approaching the front door, her lips mumbling in tension.  
The front door was open, and she stayed there for a moment, her frozen glimpse sent to the hall’s center. Behind the altar she discerned the learning corner. High Priest Yehoyada, his wife and Zakharia, were sitting at the desk and talking.
She approached them, walking very fast, and looked at Zakharia.
“Where is the other boy?” she asked him. 
Zakharia shrugged, looking at his parents. They had not risen from their seats. 
That was quite unusual for meeting the Queen, but her mind was busied by her unrelenting haunting vision, so she had just forgotten  to demand respect. 
“Is an orphan foundling more important,” she roared, “than this holy Temple?”
“You burn The Holy Temple – with us.” said Yehoyada calmly.  
“You, rebel and inciter!  You will be hanged very soon.”  
“Pagan Queen!  You want to bring an end to our religion: to take away from us innocent children, our hope. You will vomit blood - and your plan won’t work!” 
“The poor orphan is hiding,” announced Yehosheva, “and you will never get him!”
“Enough, stupid woman!” shouted Athaliah, “I’ll hang you, too.”

Mathan took a short visit to the high priest’s house. He felt no smell of human  burned bodies. He looked into the rooms, then at the back courtyuard - and left the deserted blackened house very quickly. 
His galloped his horse to the army’s Headquarters Camp.  He left it not far from the gate, and even forgetten to tie the reins to a tree. The horse began chewing the winter grass, and Mathan looked at it and thought what happy life would that stupid eater lead. No problems of royal missions, nor fears of losing a rule, nor haunts by uncureable spirit.
Mathan rushed to the gate, and one of the keepers had recognized him. He escorted him to reach the Commander’s tent. Soon he was facing Abner, who immediately understood that something irregular had occurred. He asked Mathan if the queen had sent him. 
“No. But by her order- my men burned The High Priest’s house...By a miracle, all the respected dwellers had evacuated it.” 
“All of them rescued?” asked Abner. 
Mathan nodded. 
“The regular army soldiers,” Abner remarked, “are now prohibited by the suspicious queen - from walking or riding inside the town streets. Only policemen and Athaliah’s armed personal guards would deal with citizens’ problems. . .So, with what can I be of help?”  
 “I am filled with remorse...” said Mathan, “It’s not only because I was the man – who had guided  the incendiaries…”
Abner was very irritated. He approached Mathan and waved his hand.
“You, Baal priest…have betrayed many of us. Why have you come with this to me?”
“Athaliah is mad, within all her head.” said Mathan excitedly  “We must stop her, Commander. Only you have influence over the simple soldiers, and a lot of officers will obey you. Even Ball worshippers, when thy will see me in the rebellion leadearship, together with you…”  
“Shut up, man!  I can’t rely on you. You had been or still are - the Queen’s lover, her consultant, her astrologist. What proof have you that she’s gone out of her mind?”   
“Ask her daughter Yehosheva, if not the High Priest himself…”
“Why can‘t they contact me themselves? You lie!”
“You, Abner, have never dared to act against her. You would blame everyone- except  yourself... I should have seen that...”  
Mathan took  a step backward, but still gazed fiercely at the Chief Commander. 
“Hold! D’you know what will be her next step?” asked Abner.
 “She will burn the Temple, and massacre the priests of God. Her own men won’t be enough. She rules the foreighners’ commander, Knaanite Luz.”
“And why should you, already a Pagan, care for  that?”  
“The kingdom will break down.  Her madness will be the end for all of us. I am a reasonable man, commander Abner. I wouldn’t have come to you otherwise.” 
“Has the queen stopped listening to you?”
“You should be king. A Rebel, like Jehu. You Know what’s good for all the people of Judea. You are most experienced in war and peace, and you’ve known how to avoid losing your command over the army… ” 
“Thanks for your praising me. But- No!” he shouted, suddenly filled with physical disgust of the twisted Baal Priest.
“Go out!” he shouted,  “Better hide, or — disappear. Or  hang yourself!” 
Mathan withdrew, and ran out of the tent.
Abner was waving with his sword furiously, irritated by what he had just heard.   
After Mathan had mounted his patient mule and began riding back to town, Abner walked to another tent in the camp and talked a few minutes with his deputy Halely.
 Then he rode alone, galloping his horse toward the town. He entered the gate and rode  directly to  the high Priest’s ruined house. He wanted to see it in his own eyes. 

Meanwhile Athaliah was still in the Temple, facing Yehoyada, his wife and his son-  Zakharia. Her guards pulled their swords out of their scabbards, having the queen’s explicit order to threaten.
“High Priest,” said Athaliah, “you hold the keys and locks of this Temple, and of its Gates. Let me have them all.” 
She stretched her hand, her fingers shaking nervously.
“I am not the keys’ keeper, madam.” said Yehoyada, “My reliable men do that.”
“Well. I have decided not to burn the Temple,” she said.”I shall re-build it instead, replenish and refurbish it, as you wish. But…I want to see the boy. Where is he?”  
“Who would believe you, treacherous woman? Your words are like written on snow, and your intentions are always vile.”   
Two Flower Priest came in from the side wicket, and were approaching the quarreling Queen. The Guards indicated them to hold on.
Athaliah called  her Head-Guard’s Captain, pointing on the  Flower Priests around her – and on Yehoyada and his wife.
“Take your men,” she said, “and pull out all keys from these people’s pockets.” 
The Captain wistled and from the front door rushed  a group of six additional soldiers. Two of them began to search in the High Priest’s robe, and found nothing. Other soldiers faced the Flower Priests, standing  thereby.  At first they refused to be searched. The soldiers boxed their faces, and dropped them to the floor.
They  searched in their robes, and at last found old keys in their pockets. The finder handed the keys to Athaliah, who was looking at her daughter, her husband and son. 
“Captain, take my daughter’s family,” she said,  “back to their home. They will see something, that would teach them to obey me.” 
“If you burn this Temple - while we are away,” said her daughter Yehosheva, “you will cause a conflagration in whole Judea.”
“Silent, insolent woman!” screamed Athaliah, “I shall punish you  - for all the mischief you’ve done to me along the years!  Even your Torah forbids a son or a daughter - to insult their Parents.”  
“I have always believed in the God, that chose Jerusalem’s Temple as his Shrine…and…You want to burn everything.” Yehosheva burst in sob. 
“Yes,” shouted Athaliah, glad to add a blow on her daughter,  “I’ll end with the God of Israel! The God, that had killed all my family! This One slayer, butcher. Unjust murderer!”
“Enough!” screamed Yehoyada, who held his son’s by hand all the time. He turned, taking his wife’s arm, whispering:
”Please, my wife. No use arguing with a lunatic…Let us go…”
He remembered that it was not the first time that Athaliah had despised God. But this time he was suddenly sure, that if she realizes her threat – God must take revenge. All these extreme behavior of her will bring her her end. ‘It’s much closer than anybody would expect,’ he thought. “I  would like to add something, mother,” said Yehosheva, “Only this week we have discovered, that the baby of your son, Ahaziah, your grandson - has not gone with  his parents  to Jezerel. They had left this baby  to a wet-nurse, here…No one knows where they are. Have you killed him too – with all king David’s dynasty?”
Athaliah became frustrated, but restrained herself from using rough words.
“I didn’t…I don’t know what you’re talking about.” She said, “Why do you  mention this now? What connection has those murders  to me?”
“You have murdered also that baby! By the sword of your Lover, Mathan! We have discovered that. People talk about your murderous character, Mom. You  and your man, Mathan, would not rescue yourselves from the people’s fury. Sometimes God would wait for long  - and then  punish!” 
Athaliah tried to kick and slap Yehosheva, but she released herself and Yehoyada followed her with the boy. Athaliah ordered her guards to look after them. There was a strange smile on her lips. She also indicated other soldiers - to take  the flower priests out of the Temple and get them jailed.
When she went out of the Temple, she looked at the huts and cabines nearby, in the Temple’s courtyard. She ordered her personal guards  to begin searching there. 
“You should look everywhere. Break doors, windows. Destroy walls. I must find a boy who hides somewhere. Don’t hurt him, bring him alive. ..If you don’t find him in this Temple’s area -  search in the town. Search in cellars,” her voice became hoarse from anger, “search in pits, in caves, in tunnels, in gutters.  Inside  valleys and on hills. Don’t waste time. And  report  to me every day…Oh, Baal! curse the priests of God.” She knelt for a moment – on God’s Temple’s floor, raising her hands to the sky,  “Fight for me, Baal!” 



CHAPTER 22


The wooden small cabines near the Temple had been used in the past for storing wide trunks. They were usually cut to pieces for burning in the fire, that would cook the priests’ meals, after they would sacrifice lambs and calves, brought by the people to the Temple. But now  these sacrifices had been cancelled by Athaliah’s regime. The piegeons’ and other birds’ sacrifices, allowed by Athaliah,  did not need a ‘thorough wash’ of their butchers. So Yehoyada ordered them to bring jugs filled with water at the temple’s entry. There they would wash their hands, after having been stained by the butchered birds’. 
 The soldiers who were searching the priests’ washing cabin – did not know that it had not been in use. When they arrived to that place they had no key to open it, so they broke its door…  
The boy Elyakim was again hiding in the cave. This time he was alone, without the maid Nefertita, which he well remembered. She had left her duty when he became four years of age. Since then the High Priest began to teach him – together with his son Zakharia-  in his house or in the Temple, telling the people that the boy had been a ‘foundling orphan’. But now everything had become dangerous again for the boy’s life.  
Some daylight was penetrating from the hole of the “air chimney” over the boy.  Also two candles were inside- which illuminated some fruits and a jug of water on a stones’ stool, that the High Priest supplied for Elyakim’s use. 
The boy heard  the noise of Athaliah’s soldiers’ breaking the lock. He also noticed their talk inside the chamber, but their voices were too weak for his ears to let him understand. However, he was aware of a danger. So, he fell prostrate on the floor and the candle lighted his face: In his dread he whispered a prayer that he remembered by heart. He was silently weeping in between the sentences: “I’ll give thanks to God,” he uttered Psalms’ words, “with the lyre, and praise him with the harp…I will prepare a table for him - against all my foes…”
The two guards of Athaliah were standing near the washing basin. They were gazing also at the heavy stones stool at the wall, and clapped lightly at it. After looking also at the floor, and knocking on it with a stick, they decided that it was enough. They returned to the front door with a feeling of boredom and left the place. They soon returned to the Temple’s coutyard, where they met the Queen’s group.
They saw Athaliah turning to the headguards’ Captain and asking him:
“Have you seen Baal Priest?” He shook his heads and said : No.
“Has he forgotten to return from my mission?… Bastard.” she murmured to herself.

Yehoyada’s family were near their home, gazing at the results of the fire. Yehosheva was shocked. Her body was trembling and she did not utter a word. The high priest told his son to whisper with him the prayer of Prophetess Deborah about the riots in Israel in her time. Zakhariah wanted to rush inside, and see if something had remained from his wooden horse and other toys. His father warned him and his mother grtabbed his little hand.
 “There may be still embers at the area,” she told him, “you should be careful while touching everything.” Yehoyada himself went in first, while his wife and son still were staying at the front door, which had remained miraculously neat and uncoaled. 
When the Priest was inside - he heard some noise. It was General Abner, who had just arrived and was talking outside with Yehosheva. But soon all came in.
Abner’s face looked very severe, while he was watching the coaled walls.
“A messenger has just told me,” he said, not mentioning that Mathan was that man, “about this terrible fire.” 
Yehoyada abruptly opened the interim door, leading to his small library of scrolls. As both he and Abner went there, they immediately saw five damaged scrolls scattered on the floor. One ‘fully coaled’ scroll seemed to remain on a shelf of Yehoyada’s bookcase. As Abner touched it,  it was crushed into ashes. All the others had been burned, and their heaps of ashes scattered along the shelves and on the floor. 
Abner and the Priest were kneeling, raising two scrolls from the floor, that seemed only partly damaged. The men kissed them and saw they were only little coaled from outside. Yehoyada opened them and whispered that a miracle had saved most of their contents. 
Meanwhile sobbing Yehosheva entered to the room with Zakharia. She had brought a sack- into which her husbnad put the rescued scrolls. All other ashes and remnants of scrolls scatterd there, were slowly gathered by her devoted hands, and she put them in an empty box. “We will bury them like babies,” she told her seven years aged son, “in the cemetary. That is our tradition to handle lost sacred books.”  
“could you undertsand why now?” Abner cautiously inquired the High Priest, “What  has made the Queen  so angry on you? What  has pushed her to this violence act against God, and against her own family?” 
“She wants to adopt a child. A friend of my son. To make him - her puppy. We have hidden the boy – from the grip of the maddened Queen.”
“Is the boy so imprtant to our religion?” asked Abner, “Sometimes we have to sacrifice one person - and win safety for others.”  
“You’ve seen that boy  two days ago: He has a sharp brain and excellent memory...” 
“and showing to be a promise,” added yehosheva, still concealing the whole truth about that boy, “to our people. We expect him to be a genius scholar, or...a leader.” 
Abner was nervous and outraged. From time to time he touched the contaminated scrolls and his palms tried to remove the coal from the wall. He began walking to and fro in the room, deeply meditating: 
“It isn’t just a question of the boy or of your life - or of this burnt property… These are ashes of our most holy books. She had finally declared a war on our most sacred things. We have enough with the crazy woman! We should take her life. Otherwise her sword will butcher everyone.” 
“Abner- You are the Captain of Judea’s ship,” said Yehosheva, “But is this already the time for sailing?”     
“I have spoken today with another commander, before I have arrived here. Hallely is  a God believer, too...His wife was raped by Athaliah’s guards. He hates the Queen  like hell.”
“We should be cautious, General,” said Yehoyada. “I can pray, but you should feel if the ground is fit for harvesting.”
“If I continue to stay dumb and blind, while seeing all the evils - I betray the Lord. I am decisive to act!” 
“God will not neglect us,” said the High Priest, excitedly, “He has sent you to us, dear Abner! So  I feel. I have waited more than five years for this.” 
Yehoyada and Abner were embracing warmly, and Yehosheva tapped Abner’s back to add a cheer up to him, but she said:  
“I still fear, how can we know, that many people will be ready to sacrifice their lives for God’s sake? Fifty Priests and Levitin are surely on our side, but about all the others we know nothing. And I know from my mothr- that less than half of the soldiers are now God’s believers.” 
Abner grabbed the sack of the burnt scrolls.
“Athaliah’s heart has burnt,” he said, “with a strange fire: We will cause it to become ash, like  these burnt books.” 
“Are you so sure in our victory?” asked Yehosheva.  
“Yes. And I suggest, that your own son - lady  Yehosheva,” he looked at Zakharia, who even being a child, understood that they were dealing with a terrifying issue, “Your son will be crowned as our king, after we have won the battle!”  
“No, No!” shouted both parents.”He is still a boy.”
Abner disregarded that and continued:
“We have to have a king, who is an offspring of king David. Your child has also Ahab’s blood in him, therefore Athaliah had not killed him. I have only recently understood how her murderous intrigues had been woven… I blame myelf too, being fascinated by her strong character for so long!” 
“Not our son!” repeated Yehosheva, to stress her objection to Abner’s offer regrding her son’s crowning.
“God forbid!” exclaimed also the High Priest.
“I wonder,” murmured Abner, “You should have now more belief in our ability to defeat her...In the past- I was the doubtful one.”
“We shall discuss all that - after our victory,” concluded the High Priest, “and we know it will be a bloody war.” 
At that night Abner thought of submitting  his resignation to Athaliah in a short letter. But as he appeared in the palace,  he heard she was lying in her bed, not quite fully aware what’s going on around. Therefore he left his post in the camp, without telling anybody where he could be found. 
There was a rumor that Athaliah had caught the flu. It was winter time. The weather became cool, and many fell ill on their beds. So, the common people had  not heard yet about the Queen’s insanity. Mathan, who had known very well what was the queen’s real malady, stayed now  secluded  in his room at Baal’s renewed Temple,  not  far  from the  palace. He felt that the future would  become deem.‘But you can’t do anything practical with feelings,’ he meditated, ‘if you are not the head of a regime, nor its high commander.’



CHAPTER 23


The southern surroundings of Jerusalem had been full of small caves and deep caverns since prehistorical times. The long wide cave that Abner chose for gathering his staff and most brave fighters’ unit, was located in Adulam, not far from the Philistine town Gath. To this town - young David had fled from king Saul hundred years before. Then he disguised as mad before its king, who drove him out from that town, and he hidded in Adulam’s caves.
The opening entry of the cave in the hill’s rocky ground, was covered by some bushes. It enabled the rebels, even in daytime, to gather their troops there. The rebelious warriors would sneak one by one into the cave. Even a trained spy would not discern the drop of human shadows behind a hill and then disappear - as an irrregular spectacle. Especially, that most of the cave’s visitors were wearing shepheds dresses, some grabbing wooden sticks and some even seem wearied, walking long hours with a dog or a little sheep. That would build a successful camouflage, so the warriors had been the ordered by General Abner. Most of them had not recognized him, or hardly known about his defection from Athaliah’s army.
The cavern’s guards were hiding in the bush beside the narrow path leading to the hollowed entry. Their heads were rising from time to time, surveying the landscape – low hills, in between them extending small valleys, in which grains were raised. In some wide ravins there was growing a sparse grass, that sheep and goats were used to chew and swallow, in the same boring manner for thousands of years.
It was a bright evening. Four citizens were seen waiting  near the cave’s opening. They were holding torches of those days, and greeted General Abner, who had arrived with Chief Priest.Yehoyada, who was dressed like all the others. Abner, however, soon wore his Philistine helmet. Not for boasting about his high rank, but in order that anyone present there would recognize him, the initiator, planner and commander of the rebellion.  
Abner passed the four waiting men, and penetrated the dark entry of the wide cavern. Thirty people had been already crowded inside in a long Hall-like natural hollowed place. Five of them were holding rugs, put into jugs-like containers, filled with oil liquid, that enabled there a good illumination. Most of the rebels were equipped with swords or short  spears, and about half of them had arches and arrows they had just brought with them. 
Abner and Yehoyada soon climbed a small heightened wooden stage. They raised their hands and were shouting together: “Silence, please!” 
The High Priest’s eyes were searching Nefertita among the warriors. Except her  no woman was said to take part in that first meeting. 
Nefertita was dressed in a long black skirt and short blouse,made of sheep wool. Her hairs were covered by a shawl, and her black pretty face attracted young men around her. Some of the fellows had known who she had been They were telling friends that Prophet Joseph married her. Nobody, however, had known where she had come from exactly, or why, or that in the past she had been the late King’s baby  caretaker.
“God bless you, brothers and sister!” high Priest Yehoyada opened the meeting, while all were standing. The volunteers stopped talking, and Nefertita, who saw the priest looking at her with sympathy - covered her mouth and nose by her shawl.  She refused to be praised, but yehoyada mentioned her name:    
“Nefi, a special thank for your coming,” he added, “I ask all of you, comrades, to bring here whoevber would be ready to help us, including women…We are still too small in number…”
“But we’ll show ourselves courageous, “ remarked Abner, “Our spirit will fill the setbacks in our lines, with God’s help. He is our guide and refuge.”
Yehoyada nodded, pointed on Abner and said: 
“I hope, that all of you know this man. He is your commander. He will divide you to units, and explain to each unit what kind of challenge it will be facing.” 
“As you all know,” continued Abner, “the Holy Temple is surrounded by Athaliah’s pagan soldiers, who threaten to burn it. But our men have alrerady started to seduce them to gulp splendid shrp wines. We’ll try to make them as drunk as Lot! Hopefully, with God’s help - we will succeed gathering tonight hundreds of fighters. We would be able to conquer our most holy place - in the following night. From there - we will attack the borders’ few fortresses, and capture them, too. But maybe we won’t need that second phase, as her soldiers will melt down, when they know she is no more the ruler.”
Abner exposed a ‘branch-cave’ in the internal wall at his back, by removing a stone that had hidden it. Two store-men rushed to it, and began to distribute wooden and metal shields prepared there before. Men who had arrived with no weapons at all, were now standing in a line, to received swords, arches and arrows. Each one requesting a weapon, would tell Abner shortly about his past experience in battles. Those who had arrived already armed, or had just received  weapons, were concentrating near the entry. Soon they were asked to creep to a neighboring cave, that its roof had partly fallen. It was much larger than the first one. There the warriors were served with water, bread and vegetables - by two stewards  who also poured wine to dry clay cups, from sheepskin bottles.
The warriors were busy in checking their bows and arrows. Two experts for making and repairing such weapons were already seated on high stones, at the corners. They stretched strings on bowed branches, to supply more weapons to people who would report to the rebels side - even after the fight would begin, or to soldiers whose arms would break or tear.
 When the weapons’ supply to the current stream of comers had been accomplished, Abner entered the second cave and told all the waiting fighters: 
“Tonight we will all take a slumber here, in order that nobody would reveal our gathering. Tomorrow evening we shall begin our holy attack. At day time - till then, you will hide here; food will be provided to you. We shall attack some of Jerusalem’s gats, and then surround the Temple’s besiegers of Athaliah. We shall kill any force that would provoke us and come to help her. Yes, We shall besiege her palace; but unless you get from me an order, you should not touch anyone there. . . Now- let us shortly pray for our success.”
All were standing with raised hands, facing Abner and  Yehoyada and calling:
“God is our Lord, The Eternal One, the only one.” 
The tumult in the caves grew, and the God’s Believers units Commanders (mainly deserters from Athliah’s army) could have a first count of their forces. It had become to be over Abner’s expectations. Both caves were filled up, and the sub-commanders soon ordered their best fighters to get out and gather in woods’ shelters not far from there. The remaining warriors, among which Nefertita had been, were told to stay in the cave and find seats along the wall.  Small sharpened stones and trees trunks were scattered there, and some men were already seated on them. Being thrilled with thoughts about the coming fight, they could hardly shut their eyes. However, most of the mobilized men at the various gathering points, including in other caves in the neighborhood, became asleep, lying or half seated on the ground.
Nefertita took a seat on a stone which she had found, and choose to est on it. Unlike others- this one had been a chiseled sqaure, maybe brought from outside by occasional shepherds or by former settlers in that place. While trying to numb, the young woman recollected some bitter days, that had passed over her during the last years:  Nefertita’s dark days and nights during her stay in the cave with baby Elyakim, had strengthened her character and matured and sharpened her way of thinking. She had understood, that not more prayers - nor sacrifices, nor mere prophecies of her lover, - all these would not be sufficient for having good life in the future. She hoped that God will lead her to meet her good luck. In contrast to her fiance- the prophet- belief, that luck depends only on a  pure belief and reliance on God,  Nefertita thought that God’s ways were twisted. He would put unprecedented obstacles before a human being, and no one, even a prophet, would understand his ways exactly…However, she believed to find much light after her darkened era of taking care of the baby. But that had not materialized yet. Because after three years of dwelling inside the cave, the High Priest took Elyakim to his home, pretending to the inquiring public - that the boy was a foundling, that his wife would like to take care of. Yehosheva told woman friends, that she would show an example of taking care of the poor infant, according to what was said in Torah. “We behave to that little boy in my house” she said, “like a brother of my own son, Zakharia. Thank God- that boy shows already signs of a wise and healthy child.” 
Nefertita continued to be employed at Yehosheva’s service in daylight, keeping the Priest’s household clean, going to the market, and sometimes also remaining to ‘baby-sitting’  the two kids,  Zakharia  and  Elyakim, while the High Priest and his wife would go out in the evenings for meetings and teaching the community people…
 Nefertita soon enjoyed her marriage to her sweatheart Prophet Joseph. He really loved her and was very patient with her, though she had felt some enstrangement, she did not know why. A year after her leaving the cave - Nefer had born a baby to Joseph, and then a disaster came on both:  The new born had been infected by a sickness, that nowadys is known as Disenteria. It had  killed him. Nefi was very distressed, and her husband preferred to become more and more bothered with his preachings, being frustrated and sure that it had been God’s revenge on his offense with Bat Gad, that he never told his wife about.
However, the prophet had not absolutely neglected his tent-home. He would come at least two days in a week, to see his wife. Then he would  get back to his preacing and social work in the periphery of Judea. In that he had seen his mission from God…
In these circumstances, when Nefertita heard from Yehosheva about the forthcoming rebellion, she was the first woman to volunteer. Her master tried to convince her to be a cook in the front, but she was decisive to participate in the rebellion as a ‘regular footman’ soldier. She said that Abner would decide what partiucular task she would be given as a warrior…  
Exactly when Nefi left her home to join the rebels, her husband arrived there back from his journeys. He did not find his wife, nor a note, that she dcould write on a ceramic piece of a broken jug (that was the common way of writing messages at those  days). But he had found Rachel, Abner’s wife, who had recognized him from Bat Gad’s funeral, which he attended… 
Rachel told the Prophet that her husband Abner had also disappeared. The prophet informed her that he had just passed at the High Priest’s house, and found that it had been burnt. Rachel said that she was told by a Flower Priest, that the piegons’ morning sacrifice had been cancelled. Many  priests had been leaving, going away, “maybe for a Learning Day outside, for fear of the Queen - who had become insane.”  
“I see,” said the prophet, and at last found Yehosheva, who was striding near the Temple. She told him not to worry about Nefi. 
“God tells me that some crucial events are going to happen,” he told her, “But I don’t know what.”
“I’ll tell you,” she said, “But not before you vow to me, not to speak about that, nor hold soeeches about an impending rebellion…” 
 “I wonder,” she added, “that God had hidden from you that big secret. He had not even reproached you for your misbehavior to your wife Nefertita,” she quite rebuked him, “How could you neglect an outstanding wife like Nefer, and in a very gloomy mood, after your son had died?…Forgive me for telling you the truth, dear Joseph. I Beware  the liars prophets. I know you are a truth teller prophet.”
Remorseful Joseph hurried to join the troops, who were still streaming to the caves  during the following morning and evening. Some of the additional warriors were  Abner’s soldiers having arrived from the villages around Jerusalem.
Abner used other caves and rocks’ clefts to concentrate the growing numbers of rebels. After darkness of the second night he distributed the soldiers to the particular fronts, and their commanders began leading them toward their targets. 
No maps had been used at those times, but some drawings on the ground, made by bare branches’ sticks, clarified the attacks’ locations to the volunteers who had come from outside of Jerusalem and had not been familiar with the particular alleys and entries or exits of the small town and its mountenous Temple. 

A long row of Abner’s main force – including many arrow shooters, holding armors in hands and swords in their scabbards - was walking along the hills leading toward the southern rampart of  Jerusalem. Abner was walking ahead of them, joined by Yehoyada, who refused to be armed, and istead of being equipped with a sword - he held a Toarah scroll in his hands.
 No horse was seen in the area: At the first phase of the battle, the commanders were worried for being discovered by horse-shoes noise. They preferred to use a slow and quiet sneaking walk of the warriors. When their attack would be revealed and seem to be fruitful, they thought, then they would bring horses into the battle, or use captured  enemy’s horses.
The God believers had arrived to a distance of about two hundred steps from the town’s wall. Abner ordered his main force to take a shelter before their assault toward the city-wall. He pointed on on a hiding place inside a sparse woods. The vanguards, hungry for a final–decisive battle, became to a halt. 
At the moment that Abner was sure that all the warriors of the main unit had taken their exact planned positions-  he suddenly saw a man striding at a sideway. He was told by his spectators that it might be a shepherd, but his move toward the soldiers was supicious. With a herd of only two sheep - why should a man, even a lunatic, stride on that route at night? 
Abner creeped at the sidway in order to have a close look at the man. Then he rose up and threatened prophet Joseph with his sword. 
“I carry a message to Chief priest Yehoyada,”  said the Prophet. He was surprised, that Abner had never heard about him. The commander whistled to his guards, who had been at his back, and sent one of them to call Yehoyada. As he arrived they all turned to take a hide under an olive tree, and the High Priest rebuked Joseph. 
“You could have been attacked, sir,” he said, “and killed in the darkness by an astray arrow or by our guards, as you don’t know out slogan.”  
Joseph was wearing his regular black robe. He waved his shepherd’s staff in the air, like protesting against the hard words he had heard from the High Priest. He bowed to the two leaders, and greeted them ‘in the name of God,’ and said:  
“Please, Commanders. You, High Priest, know me for years! I have come here only to inquire about my wife, Nefi.”  
“Nefi has insisted to be our runner,” said Abner, “She is in the first line of attackers. She  would join our army vanguards, who are behind. They will attack the gate very soon. Is that information enough for you, sir? You are not allowed to disturb her now. Sit down beside us. Don’t move,” he scolded the young man, “If you’re Prophet or not, I don’t know.” 
However, the prophet refusd to stay on that spot. He turned back to run away. Abner promptly rushed after him, attcked his back and folded him on the ground. He was panicked and begged for his life.
“A war is not a mere word, young man.” said Abner, “Nor a game. I’ve ordered you to stay here.!  The battle has begun. You’ll get hurt - if you expose yourself. Pray for us, that’s all.”
Joseph restrained himself. He knew the commander had been right, but he was still very worried regarding his beloved wife. He saw the High Command’s officers setting up a long cloth-tent between the trees. Inside that tent for the Headquarters’ staff - was a physician, a young flower priest, equipped with some medical grasses, drugs made of some flowers and plants essences, and pure water for washing infected wounds. The prophet was left by Abner with the ‘medical team’, while Commander Abner and the High Priest stayed on the other section of that tent. They were waiting for the Runners to report them about the developing battle.  
At the front of the wall there was now a group of twenty vanguard attackers. They   were spread in a line parallel to the wall, while they approached it. Among them were some ten arrrow-shooters, already directing their bows towards the Wall’s Gatekeepers. Abner sneaked with his adjutant to be as close as possible to their back. Arrows whitles had been heard in a buzz. The High Commander discerned five of the gate attackers raising their shields, while arrows from the Wall were shot at them. One succeeded to hit an attacker. He was wounded and fell down on the stony path. All the others were jumping, sticking to the wall, while some of the enemy’s arrows were slipping from their shields down to the ground. Three of other attackers, torches in hands- were throwing them on the remaining guards at the wooden Gate, and it began to burn. 
Ten other vanguards now penetrated the gate through the flames. They were running forward – inside the path leading to the town. They had with them two Levitin, who began to blow their horns and clap their drum, to embarass the enemy and make him shutter, thinking he would face large troops.
On a high tree facing the wall’s gate - there was somebody viewing the battle from above. It was Nefertita. She saw mass of arrows thrown by the Wall’s defenders. Those archers were hiding behind narrow cracks, standing on raised shelves or small cabines - high at the wall. Most of the attackers, who had not been hurt, tried to gather at the gate. The defenders then began to throw burnt oil  -down to the gate, and two of Abner’s warriors  were already burning. Their horrible smell and fearful screams filled the air. 
Nefertita jumped from her tree and saw Abner arriving from far. She rushed to him, and he and his adjutant stopped, and looked at her. .  
“I have seen the attack,” she told him, breathing heavily “It was terrible. The defenders have a lot of oil-throwrs and archers above the wall. We must kill them.”
“Find out - how we can bypass this gate,” said Abner, .
“ I will sneak ahead, and try to discern a breach, even a weak crack in the wall. I remember, that once I saw a dog crossing not far. It should be on our right.”
“It’s too dangerous to walk there,” said Abner; but then he added, “Well, if you think you can camouflage yourself by holding a branch, do itl!…Step slowly toward the place- and take care. God  bless you, Nefi.” 
She saw Abner and his adjutant retreat to the commanders’ tent. Abner said to himself: ‘We must win this gate at whatever cost. I shall bring more soldiers for the attck. Even if the woman finds the breach- it would take time to widen it.  Our time is very short. The mad queen might strengthen her hold inside the town. The drunkard soldiers may wake… If they fight bravely – we will bear high losses.’ 
Nefertita gazed forward, looking above the trees, to find a branch with thick-wide leaves, that would cover her figure; even though it had been a quite dim ‘stars’ night, the moon did not appear. She soon found a terebinth branch, cut it in a crush and began stepping forward, hiding  her body while moving with it. She saw the wall from a distance of about hundred steps, and was walking parallel to it. From time to time she turned her gaze  toward the gate’s battle.
 The archers attacking the Wall, Abner’s soldiers, were still shooting long arrows toward the gate-tower’s direction. But except the ten who had crossed the gate  before, nobody could even advance to it now. The heavy fire of burning liquid and rain of arrows – threatened another trial to recapture the gate and enable additional soldiers to penetrate.
Nefertita waa walking slowly with her camouflage, and arrived near the place, where the breach should have been, according to her memory... ‘Athaliah had stopped replenishing the ramparts years ago, so this ruined sect of the wall can be easily widened,’ Nefertita thought. She had already discerned the breach, but to her horror there were two dead or severly wounded soldiers two steps outside of it. They were dressed in Athaliah’s army uniforms, with the moon and sun signals. Maybe they  wanted to sneak out through that breach, she thought...
Then she saw a living soldier who got out from the breach, and  tried to grasp his wounded comrade. He tug him back inside, while the wounded was sighing. But it seemed that he suddenly saw the torches of the attackers from far. So, he hurried back to hide beyond the wall, and left his wounded friend.
Nefertita gazed again at her far left side. Most of the attackers there were dressed in priests’ robes. They were still heavily counter-attacked by the Athaliah’s Archers, standing over the wall. It seemed to her, that  Abner’s attack would fail, if he does not order his fighters to enter the breach which she had just found. She decided to turn back, find Abner and tell him or another commander what she had just seen. She decided to run, and her fast steps had been heard and  betrayed her: 
She suddenly  became aware of a sudden rain of arrows buzzing around her. She fell down on the ground with dread. To her bad luck had added two horse riders, dressed in Athaliah’s Army uniform- who were just coming from inside the city. They  began duelling with  the flower priest attackers in a distance of hundred steps fron her. ‘I should hurry,’ reflected Nefi, ‘and tell the soldiers to turn quickly to my breach, which would provide a secure cross…This gate has become treacherous trap. So many God Believers have already fallen for its capture. Oh, God!”                                   
Nefertita tried to strengthen herself with psalms pray: “God is our refuge and strength, therefore we will not fear”.  She now discerned that some arrowshooters were coming to help the Flower-Priests at the gate, and their bows and swords crashed the enemy:  at last the Idol’s worshippers horseriders had been killed. 
Now the wheel of luck had turned around, and Abner warriors were able to penetrate again  inside the gate. Nefertita hesitated to join them. She ran toward them, throwing her camouflague branch, and they recognized her and indicated her to join them and run in. Two of them were staying shortly at one of the dead horseriders, who had remained lying on the ground beside his horse. In his hands he was grabbing an armour with the symbol of Athaliah- shining Sun over the scythed dim Moon...They all saw now the empty road leading to the Temple. Nefertita began running forward, and her lips mumbling:
“We win, We win” - but an arrow hit her, shot from over the Tower near the wall.  One or two of Athaliah’s archers had still remained alive there, and very active. 
Nefertita felt she was wounded, and decided to retreat to the gate. She was crossing it walikng outside, and  continued to limp with horror, the poisoned arrow fixed like a  nail into her bleeding back. She was feeling dizzy; like the whole world was shaking and dangling with her, but her feet could still carry her straight ahead to the tent-like structure. In her Her dizziness she still could think that someone there would be able to help her. The poison was slowly creeping within her blood, and causing an acute pain, spreading to all her limbs. She had felt as if a boiling stream had been inserted into her and was burning her in whole body. No one limb had remained out of that  burn. She was aware of her impending unconsciousness… 
Her loud sighs and cries caused prophet Joseph to get out of the tent’s shelter. The  place had become empty, as the commanders had already gone with their troops.  
The ‘medic’ priest who had been there before, had also left the place, called by attackers, who suffered heavy casualties.
Injured Nefertita seemed not to identify her husband, who was running to her. She stopped stepping forward and fell down. Joseph had already recognized her face, and was bending to look at the disastrrous effect of the arrow. He pulled it out from the blooding flesh of her back, and she sighed from despair. He wondered, however, that she still could murmur after her collapse:
“We have…won.  Our people …Long...live  my king!”
Prophet Joseph was sobbing, and fell prostrate at Nefertita’s side. He was  putting his ear on her breast, to listen to her heart beats, but he knew that it won’t take long till she dies. His arms were embracing her and trembling excitedly and desparately with all her limbs. She died, feeling his close and grateful touch of her beautiful body. 

At that time Abner was at the tumultous gate, receiving horses from his subordinates. He and Yehoyada crossed the gate and began riding inside the town. Four guards were escorting them by foot,  two in front of them -  and two behind.  
“The witch may hide,” said Abner to the High Priest, “a man has just told me, that she was not found in the palace rooms.”
“We won’t be sure that all is over,” remarked the High Priest, “till we   find her.” 
“My men will take care of that search,” said the Commander, “And we both should ride straight to the Temple.”
“I have to take my wife,” said the High Priest, “to start organizing the victory ceremony.”
“Please, don’t do that yet.”   
“She should be in a cave with the two kids,” said Yehoyada, “near the temple.”
“There is still a danger of enemy’s arrowshooters. And we don’t know how the witch is going to handle the situation.  I will send two patorls to surround all  the Temple and its courtyard. They will secure your arrival there, High Priest.”
Abner drove his horse to an alley, and two guards escorted him, after he had sent new orders –by runners- to his subcommanders.
Yehoyada was continually riding toward the Temple, slowly leading his horse on the light sloped mountain. Two archers - flower priests - escorted him by foot, their weapons ready to shoot at any suspect. They passed some patrol troopers, donkey riders, who recognized Yehoyada and waved hands to him. He saw that Abner’s arrowshooters were now spread all around, staying on high places and towers – viewing also the Temple’s area. From time to time they were shouting to their combat comrades about  a suspected trap or an ambush of the Idols’ sparse army, that had been completely broken.
Some of Athaliah’s soldiers were still moving in far area, mainly trying to retreat through northern wall’s gate, that had not yet been occupied by Abner’s men.



CHAPTER 24


Yehoyada arrived at the Temple courtyard’s gate, that was open. Few Flower Priests and armed warriors had already gathered there. They surrounded him, shouting and applauding. After he had  dismounted his horse and crossed the gate, many came to embrace and kiss him. 
Two Flower Priests soon seized him by his arms and feet, then set him on a stool. They lifted him to the air a few times, while were singing: ”God is our refuge and strength,”; “The Lord is my strength and song, and He has become my salvation,” – and so on.
They all made their way to the Temple Hall, Yehoyada still lifted on the air. From his seat he looked at houses surrounding the Temple, and discerned local neighbors, who peeped from their windows, then went out and started to join the pedestrians climbing ‘the Mount of God,’ toward His Temple.’  
The stream of the enthusiastic winning God Believers was flowing  in the alleys leading to the Temple. The High Priest, however, was still doubtful about the sudden turning point of the battle. He thought that the queen might still surprise the rebels…He could not bear any more his light rejoicefull dangle on the air, sitting on the simple stool. It seemed to him irrespectable for a man in his position, and  too soon for enjoying victory..
“Please, let me down,” he implored the flower priests. As they dropped him on the floor, he called priest Jehoabad, the keys’ keeper, and told him to permit entrance only to priests known to him. “There are dangers still ahead,” he told him. “until we catch the witch - who knows what may develop.”
The courtyard became very crowded, and many were pushing toward the main entry of the Temple. The High  Priest  himself  had  soon entered inside, joined by  ten  Flower - Priests. Other priests were still staying outside, trying to hush the crowd and push them back from the doors. 
“There will be a ceremony today,” They told the people, “But it should be well prepared. A sporadic burst of the crowd  would bring a disorder, and cause disaster to all of us…”.
“We will not celebrate,” shouted Yehoyada, who peeped from inside, listening to the priests struggle with the comers, “until we take control of whole Jerusalem. You can return to your homes, people,  for two hours or more…” 
He rememberd that he should bring  his wife and children to the celebration. He soon told that to the Flower Priests, who were around him, and added:  
“I have also to dress properly, and wear the Diadem on my forhead.”
He asked only one Flower priest to escort him to the right side of the courtyard, where the old  ‘chamber for the Priests’ wash’ was located, beside a wooden storehouse. 
Some elder priests, who had not taken  part in the fight, had already arrived to the Hall., They were dressed in their nice robes, and one of them wondered why Yehoyada had left them so suddenly. A Flower Priest said, that Yehoyada talked with him about an ancient antique box, that had been locked in the store. Maybe he wanted to show it to the people. Another priest reminded his collegues,  that Yehoyada simply went to the place where his wife and children were said to be. 
“He seemed quite anxious when he’d just left,” remarked another priest, “it could well be, that Yehosheva and the childen had joined her Mom the Queen. Maybe the High Priest didn’t  know what happened to them. Or- it’s possible that Yehosheva had been against this rebel at all.”
“ I believe she is just in a friendly house,” said another priest, “waiting for Yehoyada.”
“God has sent us a thrilling event. Till now- only in Northern Israel we have heard about such a revolt… ”
“The witch was the first to revolt. She had usurped the crown, by cunning and  force.  That is the bare and pure truth.”

Yehoyada approached the stoned basin inside the wash room, and called loudly: 
“Yehosheva, do you hear me? Yehoyada is here... I’ve come back.” 
He askede his escort flower priest to help him remove the basin, that hidded the cave’s opening. The youth stayed at the entry, a torch in his hand, while Yehoyada was bending to enter the cave. In the dim light he already saw Yehoshava, who fell in his arms. She cried, asking: 
“Is it really a victory?…Where is Abner?” 
“All is going well,” Yehoyada said, and took the torch from his escort, who remained outside the cave. Yehoyada illuminated the pale faces of the two boys. They jumped to him, and he gave the torch to his wife and embraced them - one by each arm. Then he kissed them and said: 
“God has been with us, at last.” He pulled out a cake from his pocket and gave it 
to Elyakim and to Zakharia.
“I thought that you may be hungry, my boys. Now bless God for this sweet, dry figs’cake.” 
The boys whispered a prayer. Yehoyada raised a jug, which was at Yehosheva’s side. He gulped water in thirst. . .
“I had not drank even a drop, for long hours,” he said, “The terrible fight made me  forget it.” 
“Father, have you come to take us with you?” asked Zakharia.
 “Yes. All of you will join me to the temple.  I hope that soon the cooks and stewards will provide  us  a  feast. We  will hold a public ceremony there – Thankgiving God for our redemption.”
“Has the danger really passed, pa?” asked Zakharia. 
“And can we return to study again?” questioned Elyakim. 
“We are all too dizzy from the happenings,” said Yehosheva to the children, “So, please don’t ask your father- the priest- too much questions.”  
The High Priest looked at the boy Elyakim. He thought that he had been still quite pale and meagre. Perhaps his stay inside the cave for years – had hurt his health, and body’s fitness. It was a wonder, that he recovered quickly from the darkness and wetness of the cave. His mind was bright and clever, and he had a fantastic memory. ’God has strengthened him’- reflected the priest. ‘He helped him - and  will continue to safegurd him. However, my duty now – is to defend Elyakim against a big shock. Togay he will  become to know who he really is.”  
Yehoyada left the cave first. He and his assistant helped Yehosheva to cross back  the small wicket, leading to the priests’ washing chamber. The two boys got out last from the cave, hand in hand. The Priest and his assistant soon shut the cave’s opening,  pushing at it  the old stone water basin… 
At that point of time a crowd of about hundred people had been allowed by the priests to gather in the Hall. All were standing and humming, quite exicted from the celebration, which had been announced in the streets of Jerusalem. But no one could tell exactly what kind of celebration it would be – and in what manner would the regime be changed. Many asked if the queen was still alive, and if she  would remain alive in jail or deported to Tsydon.
The eyes were searching for the High Priest, and the people were waiting impatiently till he appeared. He entered with his wife and the children through the Hall’s side wicket, not to be too much exposed. Nor did he wish to be applauded again. He was still thinking, that the circumstances were dangerous, and fateful to the future of Judea.  
In the recent hour or so - the priets and flower priests had prepared the Hall for the promised celebration: The Temple’s pillars had been wrapped by Olive branches as in glorious times.  Candles of The  Six  Canes’ lamp  were lighted  in  the  center. A  chorus of seven Levitin was standing at the right wall, carrying small candles in their hands. Then they walked to the opposite  wall, hanged there the ceramic oil lamps and remained standing there. The candles’ purpose was to add illumonation to the quite dark Hall. It all happened in late morning time, but the hall was built with narrow and short windows. (Glass had been invented already at those times, but not used in public nor in private houses). 

The celebration began by a chorus of  Levitin, who were standing  in a row – not far from the altar and were co-repetited by two flutes’ and one harp(lyre) players:
“God will speak by thunder./Grass will move in shudder./ 
His  voice would roar on earth and space/  His wind would wave over every place…”
At  that  moment  The High  Priest  walked to the middle of the stage. He became  standing at a small cupboard (“ark”), near the table for reading Torah to the public . His hand found a shipskeen’s  scroll, and  he  raised  It in the air. It was  one  of the Holy  Scriptures. The crowd was wondering why he had not yet  begun to read loudly from it.
He looked toward his wife, Yehosheva – who was standing at the ‘learning corner’, with the  boys. She was dressed in a blue velvet skirt, and was wearing  a golden necklace and bracelets,  jewellery fit for an important Ceremony. The fire that burned her house had spoiled all her dresses, but a women  friends soon tailored her that new dress, and loaned her the jewellery.
In Yehosheva’s right hand there was a blue ribbon, that nobody had known for what use. Her left hand was free, and she soon wrapped Elyakim’s forehead with the ribbon, encircling his hair and binding the edges it in the boy’s back head. She explained to the children, that “the blue color is the unlimited sky. So, this is a symbol for the unlimited freedom that we have just earned, by overwhelming the tyrant.”  
The Levitin’s chorus was now humming the melody of their first poem: “God will speak by thunder,” etc.- without the lyrics.
Yehoyada took off  the  Scroll and put it  on  the Table. While staying still on his place, he would gaze from time to time  at his family, then to the public who had filled the Hall. He reflected that he should remember to praise his Priests and Levitin: In a short time they had succeeded to make the Hall look respectable and duly prepared toward that Ceremony, that people seemed to call already (so he had just heard)  ‘Holy Day of Victory’. .. 
The crowd was still waiting. Yehoyada - as many of the people - had known  that Commander Abner should arrive, and without him no ceremony should be held. When he arrived at last, he was breathing heavily, and told Yehoyada that he had seen Athaliah from far, and his men watch her moves.
Abner was looking at Yehoyada, and discened that since he had left him two hpurs before-  he had changed his previous cloth, and  was now wearing his Holiday garment: a white robe –
on his chest the traditional Efod and Hoshen. On his head he was wearing the special Diadem
that was used for special events in the Temple.
Abner – however,  was still wearing his regular uniform, of course without the signs of sun and moon, that had been the Queens’ likable symbols. Now- as along the battle - no sign was tailored on Abner’s cloths. As far as we know from the Bible. (there we find that  ‘shields’ or cupboards - symbols of military troops from King David’s time - were put then by Yehoyada’s order inside the Temple. However - nowhere in the Bible was written about any sign put on the Commander’s old Philistine helmet or on his uniforms. Abner could use symbols like ‘The Lion of Judea’ or ‘Shield of David ’, or even  ‘Moses’ Two stoned Boards’ as his new symblos. We don’t know if he had done that.) 
Yehoyada turned to Abner, and indicated the flower priests to step aside, while Abner came to his side and held a short and surprising speech to the public:
“Dear brethern and sisters of Judea!  The Tyrant  is on her way here. I’ve ordered my patrols to let her come up to the Temple, and not shoot her. She will get here a fair and just trial.”      
A tumult of hands claps and shouts was bursting. The crowd inside the Temple  had outnumbered any previous God Believers’ gathering there in that generation. Many were unable to enter, and remaind staying outside. 



CHAPTER 25


Athaliah was walking slowly on the main path leading to the Temple. She was  leaning from time to time on the metal rod that she was holding, as a symbol and a ‘Fetish’. Mathan was at her side, and they were followed by two guards, walking at their sideways and looking around.
“Abner is the Head of the rebellion.” She said hoarsly, “I should have killed him long ago. I had deluded myself regarding him…”
“Damn also the High Priest, your daughter’s husband,.” Said Mathan, “He had permanently incited the mob. He had  prepared them  to sacrifice themselves.”
“My best Knaanite units,” she said, “will counter attack them tonight, or tomorrow morning. They are now parking at the northern front – opposite to Beth El.  I’ve sent two separate messengers to call them. If one fails or falls, the other would survive and find them.”
“You told me that you would send  delegates also to Jehu. With a  treaty proposal and  bribe offer... Have you done that?”
“Yes. For cracking down the Devilish Priest of God – even Satan would be my good ally!  My daughter had betrayed me, my flesh and blood…They all had betrayed me. I pray to Baal, that he will bring them to his Cemetarial Paradize.” 
A group of young people, who were  standing at the sideway, spit on the Queen.  Her guards were hit by stones, but Athaliah was adamant to climb the path to the Temple. She still had not known the real measures of her defeat, thinking that the God Believers’ revolt was sporadic, and that her army would be still strengthened.
“I now regret,” she complained to Mathan, “that I have rendered my personal horse to Ben Gever, the Knaanite commander. He said that otherwise we will not stand the assaults of Abner…I don’t know if he had survived”
“The God Believers’ advantage had been, that they surprised us.”
“It’s Conspiracy! Total Conspiracy,” shouted suddenly Athaliah, “the corrupt God believers had the courage  to undermine my regime. Corrupt conspiracy. . . But  wait- You devil, Priest of God! Your end is not far. All my forces will soon attack you!” 
The queen’s curses had become a perpetual frenzy, as she was approaching the Temple. Her mouth was foaming, her heart was pounding swiftly, and her breath became short. She stopped for a while, feeling a warm wave of air on her face. She listened to Abner’s soldiers, standing at both sides of the way, mocking at her. They talked intentionally very loudly.:  
“The mad queen thinks she’s still in Ashera’s Orgies, men! She desires only horses’ cocks!”…(author’s note: We can’t know those days’ exact Hebrew or other language nickname for that organ. Mamoth’s long penis had been already discovered at that time to ancient scholars. Maybe they had given that name for what is mentioned here; the Prophets speak about horses sperms’ stream - as a symbol of sexual   strength.)    
“This whore,” said a fanatic soldier to his collegue, “should be tied to a horse-tail, and dragged on our streets, like her Mom Jezebel.” 
“Only Jezebel’s dead corpse was driven in Samaria’s streets!” remarked his comrade,  “Our queen Athaliah  should be be dragged alive!” 
“I tell ye’- that Jesebel had been a pietous woman –in  comparison  to her daughter!”.  
“Isay:  The dogs should lick her blood and suck her wounds - still alive!”
“And her bones be broken and her skin be peeled- still alive!”

The Priests’ chorus began humming again the melody of “God will speak by  thunder”. Yehoyada raised again the Scroll, showed it to the public, and put it again on the table. Then he bent down to the cupboard’s bottom, and opened again the small wooden door of the “Ark”. He took out the box, that his flower priest had carried from the storehouse.     
He reveald an article which was wrapped there by an old cloth, removed it and lifted in the air a sparkling sword. He waved it to the right and left  – showing to the public its golden sheath. He laid the sword on the table, beside the scroll.  The boys were staring from aside at his activity.
“Look,” said Zakharia to Elyakim, “Look! Why had Papa shown the sword, mom?”- he turned to Yehoshava. 
“I remember that King David had such a sword, with a golden sheath.” Said Elyakim. 
“You will soon get solutions to all your riddles,“ said Yehosheva dryly, “From your father, the High Priest.”
They saw Yehoyada waving his hand - indicating them both to approach him.  
The boys looked at Yehosheva, as asking her permission.
“Go, go to him,” she said ,”He is calling you.” 
Elyakim and ZaKharia walked hand in hand toward the stage, a silly smile smeared on their faces.  
The High Priest kissed his son, then kisses and embraced Elyakim. He handed the Scroll to Zakharia, who embraced it very tightly and kissed it. Elyakim bent and kissed it too. Zakharia raised the scroll to the air. With his father’s help- he showed it to the audience. Then he put the scroll back on the table, beside the sword.  
The Flower Priests chorus began singing again. But this time its words were different :

God will speak by thunder,
Grass will move in shudder.
Dear to God, loved by Cherubim-
is our brave boy, El-yakim!”

Elyakim heard that and shuttered. He grabbed the high Priest’s robe and asked him loudly: 
“Elyakim?!  Father, Why have they mentioned my name?”
Yehoyada bent to him. The boy seized his left palm in fear. The High Priest’s right hand  caressed Elyakim’s head. Then he pulled out his both hands from the boy and raised them parallel to the floor. The crowd began humming, still not understanding why he had been like playing games with the children, his pupils.
“Calm down, people of Judea!” He exclaimed. The public stopped its noises.
“In the name of God Almighty!” declared Yehoyada, “We have gathered here  to thank God for our rescue from the wicked queen.” Now he turned again to Elyakim, “And now- you, sweet boy- be ready to answer three questions, that I’m  going to ask you.”  
“I am ready, father. I well remember: Once you had promised me such an examination-  before the whole public. Is it now the time?”
“Yes, boy. Well…You certainly know, dear son, the history of our kings, as written in the Bible.”
The boy nodded. 
“Do you remember,” asked Yehoyada, “the Rules and Commands of God to the king:  that he should take care of his people, respect them and defend them?”
“Yes. I remember also, that the king-  shall fear God, not men.” 
“Fine,” said the high Priest, “And...if it is imposed on you, my son, to go in our kings’ ways... Which of the kings would you choose as an example, as a mo-del?” 
“King  David, of course!” shouted Elyakim and the gathering people applauded. Some were astonished from the strange inquiry of the teacher, and his pupil added: “David’s heart was with God, and the people loved him very much.”
Yehoyada fell suddenly prostrate, and kissed the boy’s sandals. The public saw that, but thought that he bent down in search of something…Then Yehoyada rose up to kneel. His head was now in the same height as the boy’s, and his finger was pointining on him:
“You are my king, boy! You are my king!”
“What are you doing, father?” cried Elyakim. Yehoyada rose  to stand on his feet.
“Be suitable, my boy,” he said, turning his face to the crowd “Be suitable for David’s Throne, boy Elyakim. You - are Jehoash!”
“I, Jeho-ash?” said the boy, “In Hebrew it means desperate. Mother had told us once, that king  David was desperate in his grave; as none of his offspring has survived Queen Ataliah’s  massacre…”  
Yehosheva rushed now to stand near the two boys:  
“Joeho-ash,” said the high Priest, “in our language also means: God’s fire. YOU, BOY – are God’s fire for us.”  
“Dear Elyakim,” said Yehosheva, “from now on we will all name you Jehoash... You  are the  son of  king Ahaziah, who had ruled  here before Queen Athaliah…” 
“You are the son of king Ahaziah, “ declaimed the Levitins’ chorus.  
“Athaliah, your grandmother,” said her daughter Yehosheva, with a choked voice,  “usurped the throne – by killing family members of your own.”
“We have saved you, Jehoash,” said Yehoyada, “from her murderous grip.  But now- we don’t fear her. Athaliah  is on the run.”
“I know she was ruthless,” said the excited boy, “She was fighting against God!”
Priest Yehoyada was bending down  – to the bottom door of the Ark. He took out a small golden crown from there, and put it on the table, besides the sword and the scroll.  
Elyakim raised his hands to the table- caressing the articles. Looking at the High Priest, he remained standing beside his friend Zakaharia.
Yehoyada indicated a Flower Priest and Abner to come and stand near the boy.
Abner took the crown from the table and the priest held the scroll – while both were standing beside the boy Elyakim - Jehoash.    
“Dear  countrymen,” said Abner, “Priests, Levitin, and  everyone who is a slave of God! You all have come here,” he pointed on the boy, “to celebrate our victory. Now applaud  the son of our poor King Ahaziah!”
A roar of applauds had ensued. Some of the  audience began a circle of dances, some weeped. 
Abner was handing Yehoyada the golden small crown. Both bowed to the boy Elyakim, and put the crown on his head.
“Father, I still want to understand…” said the little king and Yehosheva hushed him..
“Blessed be God,“ declared the high priest, “who has given a true heir to king David. He will lead us in justice, and fight against our enemies…” 
Yehosheva suddenly moved her hand downward, in a gesture of  impatience from the long ceremony and blessings. She ran to Elyakim-Joash, and kisses him many times.
“My child, my sweet boy...” she was crying, “You are a king, understand?”
The boy began weeping:   
“Mother, mother.  I only begin to understand.  You’ve saved my life.”  
Yehoyada whispered something in his ear. The boy  became to stand erect. Yehosheva retreated,  discerning her husband’s nervousness on his face. 
“My brother Zakharia, come closer to me,”  said Jehoash, “Embrace me tightly.” 
Yehosheva forcefully prevented her son from kissing his friend - his real cousin. She separated the two, telling them to take a distance from one another.
“My son, Zakharia!” she said fiercely, “From today on – he is your king!  Now- bow to him.”
The boy Zakharia obeyed, and fell prostrate before Elyakim.
At that moment the entry door was opened. A flower priest escorted inside an Officer who came in. He was wearing a feathers’ helmet and the Sun and Moon signs were tailored on his uniform. Abner jumped toward them, indicating both him and his soldier to stop  approaching the stage. 
“Why have you interrupted us, Officers?” asked Abner. 
“I’m a messenger, sent by Queen Athaliah,” said the soldier with the feather’s helmt, “She humbly requests to attend this assembly. She would like to make- with full respect-  an announcement of surrender!”
Shouts of rejoice and applauds were coming from the audience, that was  standing, looking at the cold reaction of their leaders to the extraordinary  message. 
“Don’t believe her, Abner!” said one voice, “She wants to trap you.” 
“Kill her!”.
“ . .But not here!”
“Burn the Witch outside! The tyrant  should not enter this Temple!”
“Silence, countrymen!” said Yehoyada and turned to the messenger, “Is anybody of her ministers with her?” 
“As usual,  Priest of Baal.”
Abner, who was standing next to the High Priest, turned to him and said:
“We should better avoid the criminal person to arrive,” he saw that Yehoyada nodded. “I’ll arrest Him. We’ll let the Queen alone enter!”
Prophet Joseph, who was among the audience, pushed people around him and approached the Army Commander, who was walking toward the  door with the messenger. 
“Please, let me deal with the Baal Priest,” he whispered. Abner recognized young Joseph, and was aware of the venomous prophet’s request. He nodded, and gave his sword to him. He indicated five of his man to follow the prophet – and returned to the temple’s Hall.
Joseph took with him the soldiers and the messenger, and they were leaving the Temple. The messenger soon showed him the alley through which Athaliah’s small group was advancing, and they all began running downward. Soon they discerned the queen and her men. 
“Queen guards,” shouted the prophet to Athaliah’s escorts. “Stay away. We have to bring the Baal priest to justice. Don’t try to resist us!”  
At that moment three archers from the prophet’s men directed their arrows toward the guards of Athaliah. Mathan tried to sneak aside. One of the archers stretched his bow and shot, but Mathan succeeded to step further aside. Two other soldiers of prophet Joseph and he himself chased the runner, and succeeded to surround him. Mathan surrendered to their threatening. 
“Put down every article from your pockets,”ordered him the prophet,“then raise your hands.” 
Mathan obeyed, and was taken into the Baal’s House of worship. There Joseph stabbed him by his spear “Before the Altar (of Baal),” as the Bible says. The Baal priest seemed to get his death punishment with full calmness of mind. He did not try to beg for mercy, and the prophet had praised him in his heart for that. 
“An un-armed prophet is not good in God’s eyes,” Joseph preached to the archers, “A truth telling prophet should, from time to time, execute a cruel, unrelenting verdict. God has ordered us not to hide behind other persons’ backs.  We should be cruel to our enemy, if we feel right and fulfilling God’s orders.… My love – Nefertita!” he then murmured, bursting in sob, “I have taken revenge…for you, the most innocent and ardent God Believer ever seen!”
 
Now Queen Athaliah truly understood her situation. She saw Mathan taken to his death, and knew that she was surrounded by God Believers’ soildiers. Her walk was slowed, becoming even slower than  before. She was leaning on her metal rod, that was called by her: ‘my staff’. At first she was decisive to “Show it to the people, and tell them the truth about a ruler,” but now she became reluctant to that, and only meditated: “The mob thinks that a God’s priestly regime would be better? They will shortly feel deluded. So is human nature, created by Baal or God.”  
An armed group of Abner’s soldiers was now following her steps, when she entered the Temple courtyard. There her guards were arrested, and she alone was allowed to enter the holy Temple.
Athaliah  was already standing  opposite to the  stage, where  Abner, High Priest Yehoyada , her daughter and the boys were standing. There was  a strange look on her face. A guard rushed  to her, taking the ‘stick’ – out of her grip.  She had not uttered a word, and only stared at Elyakim-Jehoash,  tears in her eyes.
“The murderer of our kings - is in the Temple!” screamed a Flower priest and others followed him by shouts. But Abner’s men hushed the tumult very soon.
“We should hear what this bad woman would like to tell us,” declared the High Priest before the assembly, then turned to her and said:
“Lady Athaliah, God is merciful - to receive the repentans.” 
A Flower Priest jumped to Athaliah from her back, removing the crown from her head. It fell on the floor and he handed it to the High Priest – who pointed to  his wife. Yehosheva stepped a little, took the crown, and returned to stand with the boys.  
A new tumult was growing, and the high priest rebuked the crowd: 
“Silence! Please, don’t despise God’s name in this Holy Temple.” 
Athaliah drew closer to the High Priest, and began shouting:
“What we see here- is a  rebellion, a conspiracy! You,  treacherous God’s Believers!…”
“How dare you.. to blame us?!” said Yehoyada.. 
“You, high Priest, have been long-  a seducer  and inciter. Your waves of hatred  had foamed day and night. You have dared- to rise against  your queen. And you too!” She pointed on Abner. 
Suddenly she rushed to the right, trying to get closer to the crowned boy. 
She gave him her hand, which he intended to take – but retreated, feeling the reproachful gaze of Yehosheva at him.
“Let me kiss you, boy,” said Athaliah with tears in her eyes, and the boy pitied her, and had turned his cheek to her.
“If  you are my grandma…” he whispered, “I don’t understand…”
Elyakim permitted Athaliah to touch his shoulder in a sign of fondness, and her fingers began caressing his face, too…But the strong hands of two Flower Priests, who were indicated by Yehoyada, soon separated her from the boy. 
The men dragged her back and she was trying to contradict, shoutings: “Stop, savages!”- and fell to the floor. They elbowed her and raised her to stand.
“Madam,” told her Yehoyada, “we had the impression, that you would come here to surrender, not to blame anyone!” 
“Right, I can’t blame any more!” she spoke short breathed:  “I have only wanted now- to beg a last kiss from my dear Grandson. The child of my son Ahaziah,  that God has killed.”  
“Enough, mother!” shouted her daughter Yehosheva. Athaliah raised her hands above her head. 
Her following declaration to the whole public, which was gathered in God’s Temple in Jerusalem - is found in the drama “Athaliah”- by Jean Racine.  I have adapted and edited it to rhymed English verse: 
“King David! you have absolutely won\. 
See what to Athaliah - God has done!\ 
Oh, raging God! From your highly Throne\
You have brought my end, you alone!\…
You, that at first made my revenge succeed.\
Afterwards You  trapped me, indeed:\  
If  by the figure of the innocent boy,\
that had raised my mercy and joy.\
If by the treasure of the gold,\
that for evil purposes I  have sold.\
If  by deterring me to fulfill my desire\
To set your Temple in a furious fire.!”\

“Enough, woman!” shouted Yehoyada at her. 
“Well,” she said, “I must surrender. And let this boy- replace me as king of Judea. May God  be with him.”  
“He hasn’t waited for your declaration.” said the High Priest with a gorgeous laugh,  “Don’t you see he had been crowned already?”
“Well,” she said, 
“But  in order that he should not from me  fear/, and that God will bestow him all the best-
I will render  him my  spear/ to stab me in my breast!”
Saying that - Athaliah  pointed  on her bosom to the boy, and exposed it to all the crowd by opening  her gown.  
Abner took the spear from her hand and grabbed it together with  the boy.
Both were approaching  Athaliah, who had not moved.
According to the Play of Racine: 
THE QUEEN’S  SCREAM OF DEATH WAS  ECHOING  IN THE HALL.
The Bible says, however: “So, all the people of the land (Judea)rejoiced, and the city was quiet. For they had put Athaliah to death with the sword- at the king’s house, (so as not to contaminate the Holy Temple by  a murder). 




CHAPTER 26 


Hisorical and Literary notes 
As  a Jewish writer and Bible reader - I have often been fascinated by the story about the fall of  Ahab’s dynasty. It happened at first by the hands of Jehu, God’s believer who opposed the worship and ideology of The Baal and Ashera Idols, that dominated the Northern Israeli kingdom and penetrated also to the south-  to Judea. 
I felt uneasy with the Bible’s sixteen sentences describing Athaliah’s usurp the crown, - as well as with Jean Racine’s drama about her. Both books did not explain one big question: How did it come about, that a woman could take a rule on a kingdom that she had not been born in, and its leaders had been always males, offsprings of king David? How could this woman become queen of Judea by simply killing all King David’s offsprings? How had she found collaborators?.. 
Athalia, daughter of sinners Jezebel & Ahab, hated Jehu - the murderer of many idols’ worshippers, among them her mother, her brother (the king after Ahab) and her son- Ahazia, who had ruled in Judea. The country of Israel then- according to the Bible and also based on archeology, was split into two separate kingdoms:  Northern Israel - and southern Judea.  Athalia, who came from the north to marry southern Judean king, hated her husband, father of her son - King Ahaziah- as well as she hated all David’s dynasty in Judea. Her hatred, according to the Bible’s story,  that was rooted also in Jean Racine’s Play, had kindled the emotional power and motivated the cruelty that enabled her  to reign in Judea. 
Playwright Racine had a very ‘cool’ viewpoint and concept regarding a Poetic Drama:  Almost no shocking scenes stir the stage, but much psychological and spiritual “movement” takes place in his characters’ hearts and minds. The characters  ‘describe their struggles’ by long monologues or dialogues, in a realistic “accurate” manner - but with very few  dramatic events physically demonstrated on stage. Outbursts of emotions and feelings are hardly shown in the manner of shouts, weepings, hystery. Even most bloody scenes are talked about, not described verbally in details... There are drama commentators who saw in Racine’s play signs of sympathy that he had toward the ‘free spirited and broad cultured‘ Athaliah; and as such – he did not much symphasize with the narrow minded God believers; therefore he did not sharpen too much their ideological and practical struggle with the ‘liberal tyrant’. 
I have decided to write a novel, which will depict a more panoramic show of events, conflicts and struggles, so that a reader of  today will find here what tyrany means to many involved. (Nowadays  dictatorships in the Arab countries begin [only begin] to fade. We  can find some similar features of tyrant Athaliah – in this case: Idols’ worshipper, luxury and pleasures’ addicted - to dictators in our time. The religious Muslems who won  nowadays, would sooner or later ‘show’ their mobs-  that ruling  ‘in the name’ of God or Muhamed or Moses Or Jesus- is far from being the solution to human kind’s problems. But here we slip to politics and  to prophecy.)
