The King Of The Irish

A Novel by Jack O’Malley

Copyright © 2013 by Jack O’Malley


All rights reserved. Except as permitted under the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed,
or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the publisher.


Newcastlewest Books


Smashwords Edition: March 2013


ISBN 978-0-9838195-5-4
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictionally, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

www.newcastlewestbooks.com


Author’s Notes


In 1867, yet another Irish rebellion failed when informers exposed a plot within the army to rebel against the Crown. The ringleaders were handed down life sentences of penal servitude in Australia, but  to England’s surprise, the far-flung descendants of the Famine immigrants flexed their financial muscle. Alexander Sullivan, operating out of Chicago, was instrumental in raising funds that paid for a daring, and shockingly successful, jail break in 1876.

Closely allied with radical Irish nationalists and politi- cians pushing for Home Rule in Ireland, Sullivan became the focus of England’s attempt to destroy the very nationalist clubs that were promoting unrest in Queen Victoria’s empire. The co- vert war would move out of the shadows and onto the streets of Chicago in 1889, where this novel opens.

Daniel Coughlin was a key member of Sullivan’s political machine. He would become the key pawn in a fierce battle for control of the Irish in America.
Table of Contents

ONE
TWO
THREE
FOUR
FIVE
SIX
SEVEN
EIGHT
NINE
TEN
ELEVEN
TWELVE
THIRTEEN
FOURTEEN
FIFTEEN
SIXTEEN
SEVENTEEN
EIGHTEEN
NINETEEN
TWENTY
TWENTY-ONE
TWENTY-TWO
TWENTY-THREE
TWENTY-FOUR
TWENTY-FIVE
TWENTY-SIX
TWENTY-SEVEN
TWENTY-EIGHT
TWENTY-NINE
THIRTY
THIRTY-ONE
THIRTY-TWO
THIRTY-THREE
THIRTY-FOUR
THIRTY-FIVE
THIRTY-SIX
THIRTY-SEVEN
THIRTY-EIGHT
THIRTY-NINE
FORTY
FORTY-ONE
FORTY-TWO
FORTY-THREE
FORTY-FOUR
FORTY-FIVE
FORTY-SIX
FORTY-SEVEN
FORTY-EIGHT
FORTY-NINE
FIFTY
FIFTY-ONE
FIFTY-TWO
FIFTY-THREE
FIFTY-FOUR
FIFTY-FIVE
FIFTY-SIX
FIFTY-SEVEN




ONE


DAN

His fingertips melted four circles into the frost riming the windowpane, a four-framed zoetrope of a traitor scurrying along the street below. Fitting that the spy lived above the Windsor Theater since he was quite the actor, clad in the costume of an Irish patriot and playacting with uncommon skill. Giving a performance that fooled half the members of the United Brotherhood, but Dan knew who Cronin really was. England’s plant in the Irish secret society had to be removed.
Dan closed the velvet drape and turned his attention to the trio holding court around the blazing stove, their argument as heated as the coal fire. Not yet dismissed, the police detective waited, even as he realized that it made no difference how often he repeated evidence of Cronin’s treachery. The spy had done his job. The seeds of mistrust had been sown and allowed to flourish, to undermine the latest effort to free Ireland from England’s stranglehold. The war that Dan had inherited from his father, and his father before him, handed down the generations for hundreds of years, was in danger of being undone yet again by infiltrators and moles.
“Coughlin?”
How long had he stood there, staring at the coal glowing in the grate? His mind had been wandering, back to his last encounter with Doctor Cronin three years ago. Their bitter exchange reverberated in his skull, the conversation replaying word for word. For three long years, Dan Coughlin was bound by the unholy pact he made that night, a vow sworn on the heads of his children that froze his tongue in his mouth and rendered him powerless.
“Your word of honor is all that we have upon which to render our verdict?” Mr. Sullivan asked.
“I’ve sworn on the Bible,” Dan said. How did he know that Cronin was a traitor to Ireland, a pariah? Unfortunate that the facts were sealed by an oath that had been tested and proved. The three Executives would have to trust the word of a man who had become a bit of a pariah himself, while trust was hard to come by in the United Brotherhood.
Ever since the Irish in America had demonstrated their power by springing six political prisoners from an impregnable Australian jail, the British had sought to annihilate the United Brotherhood. Thanks to Alexander Sullivan, vast sums of money were raised in 1876, enough to buy a whaling vessel and hire a sympathetic Nantucket captain who went halfway around the world to pluck the Fenian soldiers off the beach. The humiliated British Empire fixed its sights on Mr. Sullivan and his power base in Chicago, and after thirteen years of constant warfare, was on the verge of toppling him. Dan had finally knocked the blinders off Sullivan, who had surrounded himself with those claiming to agree with a war strategy of action rather than empty talk. He could only hope that his evidence had rattled the thick skulls of the other two judges.
The debate rolled on, with Mr. Sullivan making a strong case that was meant to sway the lone hold-out and obtain a unanimous verdict. That Executive came back with a renewed attack against Sullivan, reminding them all of the attorney’s past history of deadly mistakes. Those mistakes were getting a full airing in a London courtroom, with the testimony of England’s agent in the United Brotherhood featured on the front pages of every Chicago newspaper. The members of the secret society could read all about their leader’s embrace of a poisonous snake, which he brought into their midst and elevated to a position of prominence. Having been made a sucker once, Mr. Sullivan was in a poor position to demand a show of confidence from his colleagues when he claimed to have uncovered a second turncoat.
“Even as we sit here,” the stubborn Executive said, “every detail about our organization is being revealed by someone you swore was trustworthy, sir. Would you have us compound mistakes and be further excoriated in the press?”
“Better to be lambasted by the hard-working men who expect us to rid the United Brotherhood of spies?” Sullivan countered.
In 1881, Dan had warned Sullivan about that particular member, but the Irish-American leader was too focused on the cause and too determined to win over the rank and file members. The Executives dismissed the detective as a fantasist and made light of his assertions that one of Mr. Sullivan’s most trusted allies was a British agent. Verification had come, but in the form of U.B. secrets splashed over the pages of every Chicago newspaper.
Not two years ago, Dan had come close to insubordination when he railed against the gentleman who Sullivan put in charge of organizing a bombing of Westminster Abbey on the day of Queen Victoria’s Jubilee celebration. The man was England’s plant, Dan had said, and after the U.B.’s money was wasted, the dynamite squad arrested and the supposedly trusted ally untouched by the authorities, didn’t Dan rub Sullivan’s nose in it? For all the havoc that had been created, it did nothing to grant the Irish people a fragment of independence, and if the U.B. was not about independence, it was no good to anyone.
Dan retrieved the morning newspaper from Mr. Sullivan’s desk and laid it on the table. The newsprint crackled under the pressure of his hand as he pushed it along the polished surface, propelled it into the center of the discussion. This time, they would have to think twice before ignoring the results of Dan’s meticulous investigation.
“Gentlemen, I move for a vote,” Mr. Sullivan said.
“Given more time, can we not make our case to the Camps?” the Executive asked.
The whispering campaign that Cronin cultivated was taking a toll. So long and loudly had the doctor crowed about embezzlement of the group’s funds that some were beginning to question Sullivan’s management. The money had gone to pay for dynamite and armed rebellion, expenses so secret that no one was allowed to see the account books. Naturally, England wanted such critical information, not only to crush Alexander Sullivan, but to kill the nationalist movement once and for all. Cronin leveled accusations that led to agitation in the ranks, and the United Brotherhood’s existence was hanging by a thread.
Tired himself of the dithering, Dan had already put his own plan into motion, one that would remove Cronin from Chicago and put an end to his career as a British mole. The police detective was grooming an informant, gaining the chap’s confidence and paving the way towards a very public trial on a charge that would shred the doctor’s reputation for all time and see him in the state penitentiary. There was no time to lose. The struggle for control between Mr. Sullivan and the Clan na Gael pacifist faction would shred the organization and kill it if the Chicago faction did not win the battle.
Every failure of Sullivan’s dynamite campaign was used as propaganda to undercut Sullivan, increasing dissension. Dan had his suspicions about the other side, headed by men who had once been allies, only to suffer an abrupt change of heart after exposure to British influence. Like Judas, they were weakeners who sold out their brethren to feed their ambition. The worst of them was a former Fenian soldier whose freedom was procured by Alexander Sullivan’s efforts, a man who would be the uncrowned king of the Irish if he could be rid of his rival. To silence his New York faction would take proven success, but success would not be had until all British spies were ousted from every Camp. Nothing less than Ireland’s future was riding on the decision of the tribunal.
The room fell into a tense silence, as if there was nothing more to be said. Dan shrugged into his overcoat and twined a wool muffler around his neck. “Good evening, gentlemen,” he said. They nodded in unison, their dismissal unanimous.
Pausing in the hall to pull on his gloves, Coughlin considered what limited options he had to bring the doctor to justice. Blackmailed by Cronin, he could not testify in open court, but it did not stop him from securing the testimony of one of Cronin’s victims. No easy task, considering the crime, but to wait on the Executives to take action was as good as a death sentence for the United Brotherhood. Using his position as a police detective, Dan had to put an end to the barking of the Croninites in Camp Number 20 before they made him the pariah, turned him out of the organization, and opened the door to the New Yorkers to march in and strangle Ireland’s quest for liberty.



TWO


ALECK

The cold wind bit through Aleck Sullivan’s wool topcoat, sharp gusts that helped to clear his head. Nothing would be accomplished by bemoaning the past and feasting on regrets, by looking behind. There was but one course to take if he were to protect the Land League, just as there had been one course to take when insults were hurled at both his wife and the Catholic Church. That being said, Aleck realized that assassinating a prominent gentleman who had wormed his way into the fabric of polite society could not be done in a reckless manner. A jury had forgiven Sullivan once, but that incident was more an accident than pre-meditated murder. No one would doubt that Cronin’s demise was anything but intentional.
Even though Chicago was a wide-open city, Dr. Cronin had too many friends in high places to make his removal a quiet affair. A snug cocoon of protection was wrapped around England’s agent, supported by the majority of Americans who looked on the Irish as untrustworthy and lacking in loyalty to the United States. Added to that population were those who wanted to be rid of Sullivan, who sided with Dr. Cronin when he bleated about Sullivan’s embezzlement of U.B. funds. Sheep. Taking the word of a relative stranger while castigating a man who had spent his life fighting against British oppression. Aleck recalled the headline on the newspaper that Coughlin had deposited on the conference table. An ardent nationalist, yes, but Sullivan was also the most dangerous sort of fool.
No surprise that Margaret was waiting for him in the foyer. “You look weary, dear,” she said as she relieved him of hat and coat.
“All that and more.”
“Bad news?”
She let him guide her into the parlor, where Aleck sank into a chair. He felt as if the weight of the Irish world was crushing him. “The judges rendered their verdict,” he said. With that, his head drooped until it was resting in his hands, the muscles of his neck tight and aching. His wife sat across from him, ready to hear him out, to ease his burden as much as she could. As he took her hands in his, he tried and failed to imagine how his life would play out without her. “And I am ordered to execute their verdict in an expeditious manner.” 
The maid knocked and Aleck quickly adopted a pose of relaxation before she came in with his supper on a tray, which she set on the tea table before dropping a curtsy and departing as quietly as she entered. He watched her shut the door behind her, all the while wondering if she had male relations in the city, or close contacts among the butchers in Packingtown, or possibly trusted friends in the tanneries on Goose Island. Who was on his side, and who might prove to be a British spy?
“Should I make excuses to the Associated Press?” Margaret asked. “Another journalist could easily be sent in my stead.”
His brain working on a solution, the best Aleck could do was shake his head to negate the very generous offer, aware that her trip was of great importance to the nationalist cause. While the public saw her travelling to Paris as a news reporter, they would never realize that she there to raise funds for the Land League and transmit reports from Chicago. No, the public saw a woman whose husband was progressive in his thinking, who did not insist that his wife disappear behind his shadow.
“That’s it,” he said, suddenly energized. Men went missing all the time, whether they were running from creditors, the law, or public scorn. According to Detective Coughlin’s investigation, Cronin had upped stakes every few years over the course of his worthless life, and another removal would fit an existing pattern. Without realizing it, he continued to stir his tea as he pondered a new strategy. Startled by the rattling that he was creating, he composed himself and shifted in his seat so that he could rest his left foot on the fender. “How does one make a man disappear, my dear, and provide evidence that he is alive and well?”
“Credible reports would suffice,” Margaret said. “A sighting in a train station, by someone connected with this individual. A conversation there, in which travel plans are laid out.”
“The authorities in London would turn heaven and earth to find him if they suspected he was running to them,” Aleck said.
“We have friends in Canada,” Margaret said. “The traitor has family connections there. A logical step, on the way abroad.”
“Running from Irish justice.” The drama was playing out in his mind in fragments, not yet a whole. “Seen in a frightened state, perhaps speaking of going into hiding. Let them think they are tracking a man on the run, a man who does not wish to be found.”
As a highly respected writer, Margaret was known for championing the acceptance of Irish Catholics in the mainstream of American life. She was dedicated to the cause, a tireless warrior who made it her life’s work to battle against religious intolerance. Without question, she was a formidable opponent who gave no quarter, and she was firmly and irrevocably in Aleck’s camp. He could ask for no better ally in his drive to free Ireland from England’s crushing fist. Not only was she educated and intelligent, but Margaret was blessed with endless patience and a long memory, a dangerous combination for those who crossed her. For months, ever since Cronin first began to accuse Aleck of embezzlement, she had thought of little more than retribution. One had only to look at her, with the glow of the coal fire twinkling in her grey eyes, to realize that ideas were stewing in her head, had been percolating for all those months. Together, husband and wife would debate and discuss until they had concocted a fool- proof plan to rid the United Brotherhood of a traitor. Their resources were vast and extended well beyond the city limits of Chicago or the borders of the United States. Wherever the Irish had found sanctuary from persecution, there would Aleck Sullivan find willing volunteers.
While Margaret returned to her desk to finish an article on the benefits of female education, he poured out a short whiskey and sat down with the newspaper that Coughlin had so rudely inserted into the evening’s proceedings. The parlor slipped into a comfortable silence that was broken only by the chiming of the mantel clock. He read the headline and murmured a curse. Every word on the page was fuel for the raging fire that Aleck had faced that evening from his fellow Executives. Sullivan’s humiliation was being broadcast all over the city, all over Europe and into every Irish household. “For twenty years a spy,” Aleck grumbled under his breath. His trusted confidante, his right hand man, the spy Le Caron, was singing like a tireless canary in a London courtroom. “Well known in Chicago.”
Skimming over the paragraphs of the lead article, Aleck searched for new information when so much new information was flowing across the Atlantic. His friend and Ireland’s best hope, Charles Parnell, was fighting to clear his name amid a campaign by the Crown to undermine a threat to the British Empire. It was a two- pronged attack, with Parnell’s trial only one front in a fierce battle that was meant to destroy the other threat to the Empire: the United Brotherhood in America, also called the Clan na Gael. In paragraph after paragraph, Aleck discovered how Le Caron had constructed a facade and maintained it for twenty years, rising to the top of the Clan na Gael, a trusted member of Camp Number 20, a confidante of Alexander Sullivan. A fury burned in Aleck’s gut, a rage that was would not be calmed by a mouthful of whiskey.
He had laid open the most clandestine of operations under Le Caron’s nose, every detail of every bombing campaign exposed before a single explosive device was constructed. The dozens of volunteers who were arrested the minute they stepped off the steamer in England, who were now languishing in the misery of a British prison, could point an accusing finger at Alexander Sullivan. Searching for at least one glimmer of hope, Aleck’s eyes moved down the page and stopped when he found himself named.
“What a fool, what a fool,” he murmured, drawing Margaret’s attention. “It was nothing. Just reading about Parnell’s trial. What passed between me and Le Caron in regard to the dynamite campaign. The prosecution is trying to tie me to Mr. Parnell because I mentioned a possible trip to Ireland, which must surely mean that I intended to bring a trunk filled with explosives to him personally.”
“Hearsay,” Margaret said with a derisive snort. “Not admissible in court, unless it should serve the Crown’s purpose to keep the Irish in chains.”
“At least the reporter who questioned me yesterday had the courtesy to quote me in his article. ‘It is all bosh and too absurd for any rational person to believe’.”
“John Bull is far from rational.”
For a long time, Aleck sat staring at the glowing coals with the newspaper forgotten on his lap. So confident in himself, he had ignored Coughlin’s warnings eight years ago, certain that the newly minted police officer was mistaken and that Le Caron’s assertions of loyalty were genuine. At the time, he was desperate to line up allies to support the dynamite campaign, and wasn’t Le Caron one of his staunchest acolytes? Because of Sullivan’s blind ambition, his determination to see Home Rule enacted and the name of Alexander Sullivan added to the pantheon of Ireland’s heroes, because of him, the nationalist movement was in grave danger.
It was unbearable to continue reading. The Sullivan name was blackened, as dark as if Aleck himself had been the mole. Such a blight on his honor could not go unchallenged. In his mind, he replayed the 1881 meeting at the Palmer House, heard again his arguments against John Devoy’s peaceful propositions. Ignored again Coughlin’s repeated warnings. Saw again two men sitting front and center. Next to Le Caron was Patrick Cronin, two snakes in the same nest of vipers.
He brushed the paper from his lap, a pile of filth that dirtied his trousers. His own fault, to mistake reckless obstinacy for a leader’s poise, and he was paying a heavy price. One grievous error had cost him the trust of his followers. Without followers, he would lose control of the U.B., precisely what John Devoy and his minority faction wanted. Getting rid of Cronin was the only way to repair the division within the United Brotherhood and reassert primacy over the movement. As the man who had created the disaster, it was up to Aleck to make all necessary repairs, the penance of the sinner fitting the nature of the sin.
The chiming of the clock broke through his reverie. Half past ten, and Margaret was still hard at work, a frown creasing her brow. “A particularly difficult composition, my dear?” he asked.
“Somewhat. Do you remember Charles Long? He used to write for the Herald until he returned to Toronto to write for his father’s newspaper.” She pressed the blotting paper on the page. “A very skilled wordsmith, in my opinion.”
“Such company you keep, Mrs. Sullivan. Ne’er-do-wells and scoundrels with ink-stained fingers.”
Aleck planted a tender kiss on her forehead. At the end of April, she would set off for the Paris Exhibition and he would greatly miss her soft voice, with the flavor of Tyrone in its inflection. He would allow himself that morsel of self-pity, his consolation for her absence. As for the plan that he was to devise and execute, it would have to be undertaken and concluded while Margaret was travelling. Should anything go awry, it was important that his wife be spared, and best that she be surrounded by supporters to shield her if he was unable to protect her.



THREE


DAN

Wet behind the ears, the first time Coughlin set eyes on Cronin, copper dust in his hair and the shine still fresh on his police badge. Pegged the doctor straight off, but no one wanted to believe a chap from a mining town in upper Michigan. Dan had instincts and he knew he was right, so sure that he used every free minute he had to excavate the man’s past. Asking questions came naturally enough to him, a skill that Captain Schaack noticed when they were investigating the Haymarket anarchists. Nothing more than an ability to put two and two together. An ability to add up the positives and the negatives, multiply by his driving ambition and calculate the price of his soul.
The judge in the police court bound Dan’s prisoner over for trial and the detective couldn’t get out of the station house fast enough. He stood on the steps, breathing deeply of the cold air and exhaling clouds of vapor as if he could blow out the tension. One day after Captain Schaack was suspended, with an Inspector and Dan’s partner shown the door, they were all on edge, everyone who had anything to do with the Haymarket investigation. Wasn’t Dan aligned with Schaack, and why not believe that he’d be the next one called on the carpet by the acting Captain? Every Irish-American cop was in danger of dismissal by a German bureaucrat who accused them all of spending their days in the saloons and stealing their pay from Chicago’s hard-working citizens. If it wouldn’t give Captain Schuettler so much satisfaction, Dan would quit. It was all politics.
Back when they needed someone to track down the murdering anarchists, they lauded Captain Schaack. Three years later, his enemies on the force were crying about the way that the Captain produced those guilty verdicts. All he did was give City Hall what they wanted, and for doing his job, he was persecuted. Every officer in the East Chicago Avenue station knew that the jury was rigged and the testimony was more perjury than truth. It wasn’t anything new, not in a case where the very wealthy felt threatened by powerless working men. It would have been worse if those working men were Irish or Catholic, for they were denied both justice and equality in a city dominated by bigots.
Not to be equal meant Dan had to be superior, and that meant he had to show progress in solving the Shufeldt Distillery bombing before the acting Captain could find some excuse to get rid of another Irish cop. The fact that he hadn’t been assigned a new partner after Jake Lowenstein was fired was a clear sign that someone wanted him to fail. Without Jake, the burden of locating an informer was twice as difficult, but Dan was determined. He would go back to Lakeview on his own, if that’s how it had to be, and find out where John Kunze had gone to. The diminutive German immigrant had been very cooperative last week, after Dan loosened the man’s tongue with a few beers. Loosened his tongue and loosened his grip on some very important papers relating to the Whiskey Trust and their involvement in the attempted attack. There could be no doubt that the leaders of the Trust were behind it, and once Dan proved it, the press would heap praise on him and his job would be secure.
After making a telephone call to Mr. Sullivan, to ask after a new job in the event that Schuettler made a move, Dan made his way to Market Street. Poking his head into Danahy’s saloon, he spotted a man who had recently arrived from Ireland and joined Camp No. 20 of the United Brotherhood. While all members were given identification numbers to preserve their anonymity, Dan managed to learn that the chap was named Burke and had no immediate family in Chicago. Except for being dim-witted, Burke was like most other immigrant bachelors who lacked roots after leaving Ireland. He was a drifter, and would most likely keep moving west until he fell into the ocean on the other side of the continent.
“What’s the word, Burke?” Dan asked. He paid for a round and slid a glass down the bar.
“Any sort of labor at all,” Burke said. “There’s nothing I can find.”
While Burke rambled on about his hard luck in getting steady employment, Dan took the lad’s measure. A little taller than average and possessed of a strong back, his physique sculpted by a lifetime of hard work, Martin Burke fit the romantic image of the Irish laborer. A lifetime in Ireland had sculpted his demeanor into that of the patient Irish martyr, taking insults with a shrug and a grin and a string of prayers. Passive as a lam, easily led, the type to follow order and not ask questions, he was the sort of nondescript immigrant who evaporated into the swamps of the tenement districts and disappeared in a crowd of others just like him.
From the depths of his coat pocket, Dan extracted a calling card that served as a reminder of an important duty he had to perform before that night’s U.B. meeting. Senior Guardian John Beggs, whose name was printed on the card, was to be informed by Coughlin that matters had been decided in regard to Dr. Cronin’s insubordination. The details were known only to the Executives. The meeting would be very brief.
“Get yourself down to Mr. Beggs’ office,” Dan said. The United Brotherhood looked after the welfare of its members, doling out favors that were repaid at the ballot box. In time, the Irish would control every political office in Chicago, then Illinois, and then their voices would be heard in Washington, D.C. “If there’s an opening in the Streets Department, it’ll be yours.”
“’Tis a long and a thirsty walk,” Burke said. His mouth hung slightly open, accentuating the glazed look in his eye, as if the inside of his skull was as empty as the glass in his dirty fist.
Another dime appeared, Dan’s investment in strengthening the anti-Cronin clique within the Clan na Gael. Ten cents for a couple of beers, ten cents deposit on a voting member whose loyalty would lie firmly with Beggs and Coughlin and those of like mind. The dynamite faction would need all the support they could get if they were to rid the United Brotherhood of the poison that Cronin and Le Caron had injected. Ten cents, money well spent, even if Dan had little to spare. Kickbacks to those who landed him his job cut into his salary.
The bartender mopped up the rings of beer, calling to Dan’s mind the erasing of evidence. The glasses had been there, and then there was nothing to indicate that they had. “Le Caron’s singing pretty tunes in London,” the bartender said.
“The English always manage to infiltrate every Irish organization,” Dan said. “What is it about us that makes us so gullible?”
“What is it about the damned Pinkertons taking John Bull’s side,” the bartender said. There were credible rumors flying, that England had hired Pinkerton detectives to spy on the Irish in America. “Weren’t the generals glad enough of us when they needed cannon fodder at Gettysburg? We ask for their support for our war, and they look the other way when our enemy enters our camp.” The bartender folded his arms across his chest. “If one of them was dying of thirst I’d not give him a drop to drink.”
Every Irishman who had supported the Molly Maguires ten years before had a particular hatred for Pinkerton’s hired thugs. Among the Irish miners of northern Michigan, that hatred was deep and abiding. Dan had left the copper mines, but he never lost his opinion of the private army that accepted the capitalist’s thirty pieces of silver and betrayed the common working man.
Moving on, Dan headed over to Garrity’s, a clubhouse for Chicago’s underworld. Frequent arrests fueled an enmity between Dan and Garrity, a hatred so intense that the saloon keeper’s brother once pointed a gun at Dan’s head while Garrity threatened him with a beer mallet. It was the quick thinking of Detective Lowenstein that saved Dan’s life, and every day since then Dan wished his former partner had pulled the trigger and splattered Garrity’s brains across the bar. Some men deserved to be killed. Eight warrants sworn out for selling beer without a license, but the beer continued to flow. Someone of influence was tucked into Garrity’s pocket.
Spotting a suspect ducking into the saloon, Dan doubled back to the police call box on the corner. He wasn’t going to let Garrity’s threats keep him from doing his sworn duty, but he wasn’t going to go in alone, either. Office Red McDonald arrived in minutes and Dan sent him around to guard the rear entrance on the alley while he marched into the saloon with his gun drawn. Billy Wallace took off running with Dan on his heels, ran into the alley and right into Red’s waiting arms. A startled rat dashed across Billy’s foot and he went to kick it away, only to clip Red’s shin. It wasn’t a case of bringing him in for questioning any more. Wallace would be charged with resisting arrest and striking a police officer.
With ten gold watches in his possession, Billy was ready to make a deal for a reduced charge. It meant Dan had to work after hours to verify the location of the fencing operation that Wallace described, and he would miss the U. B. meeting. He said as much to Michael Whalen, a fellow detective and member of Camp No. 20. Investigating any criminal enterprise was too dangerous a job for one man to go alone, and Whalen didn’t have to be asked to walk out with Coughlin.
“I’ll go to Dinan’s for a rig. Call Senior Guardian Beggs to let him know we’ll both be missing,” Whalen said.
Dan placed a call to John Beggs at his law office and ended up on the receiving end of a diatribe about reports not being made by the responsible party and Senior Guardians being expected to approve courses of action they knew nothing about when it would be decent of the Executives to provide a slight hint as to their decision. His ear well and truly chewed up by Mr. Beggs, Dan put his mind to police business. Still on the hunt for the formerly loquacious Mr. Kunze of the Shufeldt Distillery, he called a Lakeview man who had proved useful before. O’Sullivan the iceman saw a great deal on his rounds, and he wouldn’t hesitate to assist a fellow nationalist in apprehending a non-Irish criminal.
* * *
Maggie asked no questions when he told her he had to work after hours. She chattered on, the same as any other night, relating the neighborhood gossip and listening to her husband describe his day. After Dan pushed his plate away, she hurried to brush his overcoat, as if he were heading out to church. There was a laugh on her lips, but he could see in the set of her jaw that she was worried about him, not sure if he would come home again. She’d been that way ever since the bomb was thrown in the Haymarket, three years of constant fear.
After he shrugged into the coat she fussed over the collar, a nervous habit that had developed into a superstition. Her magic spell of safety cast, Dan was free to pick up his daughter and kiss her good- night amid peals of childish laughter. For a brief moment that night, he studied Annie’s smiling face and understood why Mr. Sullivan was so adamant about picking unmarried men for the dynamite jobs. Coughlin was a brave enough man, but he saw that he could not find the courage to volunteer for such a mission. It was one thing to endanger yourself, but not possible to endanger your wife or child.
“If the weather’s fair on Sunday, what do you say to a drive?” he asked. He hoped to put a smile on Maggie’s face before he went out to face who knew what. Offering an outing in the brutal cold made for a clever little joke.
“That would be grand,” Maggie said, her gaze fixed on some non-existent speck of lint on his sleeve. She wouldn’t be pacified with a touch of humor.
“I have to run down to Peoria next week to meet with Ed Spelman. See if I can trick him into giving up some information about the Whiskey Trust.” A prosperous distiller, Spelman was also a leader in the United Brotherhood. Dan had used Irish interests before to get Spelman talking, and he wouldn’t hesitate to do it again. He’d use every trick in the book to bring the Whiskey Trust to justice.
She twined another muffler around his neck. “Mind yourself out there tonight.”
“Yes, ma’am.” He kissed her good-bye and her lips parted, the kiss returned with passion, a promise that he would find her in bed when he returned home, waiting for him.
He was grateful for the extra insulation on such a cold February night. The horse slipped across the frozen ruts, eliciting the occasional curse from Whalen as the buggy lurched. Dan’s head was filled with campaign strategy for the March election, mentally organizing the precinct workers, lining up the muscle for the polling places, and calculating the cost of debaters strategically placed in the saloons. There were boarding houses to be packed, votes to be bought, and favors doled out. Getting Irishmen into office, whether Republican or Democrat, was akin to planning an all-out war.
“Did you hear about the Captain’s book?” Whalen asked. “Selling like hotcakes, is it?” Dan said. Only a man seeking to promote himself would write a book that made him the hero of the Haymarket Riot investigation. The officers at the East Chicago Avenue Station called it a work of fiction behind Schaack’s back, but they bought it just the same, to curry favor with their Captain.
Like all the rest of them at the station, Whalen feared that the Superintendent of Police would come after him any day, ticking off the names of every cop named in the book for the crime of being listed in print. It wasn’t enough for Superintendent Ebersold to get his revenge on Schaack for being painted as the villain who impeded the Haymarket investigation. He wanted every single head to roll, right out of the door onto Chicago Avenue. With a sickly wife and a houseful of kids, Whalen had good reason to be nervous about his future.
“Look, Jake Lowenstein did it to himself. If he hadn’t made his wife mad, she wouldn’t have ratted him out, and he wouldn’t have been fired,” Dan said. “And if he hadn’t stolen valuables when he raided the anarchists’ homes in the first place, he never would have lost his job.”
“The Inspector who was let go, he didn’t fence a thing,” Whalen said.
Dan tucked his hands into his armpits, wishing that he was at home in his bed with Maggie to keep him warm. “I know.” Fingers frozen stiff, Dan rubbed his hands before tucking his fingers into his fists. He’d ask Maggie to knit him up another pair of mittens to fit over the ones he had. “But we’re nobodies, like Jake. Solve enough crimes and they won’t bother us.”
They lapsed into a comfortable silence, like an old married couple. Dan’s thoughts drifted to the Turner Hall, where the Camp meeting might or might not be done by the time his police work was finished. The Senior Guardian might or might not have reported that a certain matter was settled. Some other spy or friend of Cronin might or might not have been present, to rail against the secrecy that shut out the members, to create even more conflict.
Just like in the police force, decisions were made by the higher-ups and orders issued to men like Dan Coughlin, who obeyed without asking questions. The three men who sat in judgment on Dr. Cronin were about as high up as one could get in the nationalist organization, one a local millionaire and the other the Chief of Police in San Francisco. As for Aleck Sullivan, the man had deep roots in the cause and friends in every corner of the world. He was Michael Davitt’s right hand in America, the Land League’s agent on the far side of the Atlantic. He was the right kind of friend to have in a town where a man needed friends to get ahead.
Ponderings gave way with a start when the buggy rolled to a halt. Three blocks away, Whalen hitched the horse to a post and the two detectives fell in step on the wooden sidewalk, a crisp walk to get the blood flowing to numbed feet. With Whalen taking the north side of the lot and Dan the south, they picked their way across the prairie and blended into the shadows, drawn to a solitary cottage where a shaft of light sliced through a broken shutter. A brief glance was all it took to discover a trove of silver cutlery and glittering jewelry stacked in piles on a motley collection of rough tables.
As quiet as his large feet could carry him, Dan went to the back of the house and signaled to Whalen that they had done all they could until they obtained a search warrant. They were climbing through a broken section of fence when they stopped in their tracks, afraid they’d been seen. The back door of the house opened and the figure of a man, bundled in dark clothes, walked towards them.
Hands shoved into overcoat pockets, the two police officers walked along like a couple of laborers heading home from the horse car. The man who had left the fence’s place of business walked faster, head down, and bumped Whalen’s arm as he tried to pass.
“Sampson, what brings you out on a night like this?” Dan said as he clamped his hand on a thick shoulder. He had run the criminal in twice before and figured that a little more information about the fencing operation could be gained by bringing Sampson in for a third time.
The man hemmed and hawed, but he had been nabbed often enough to know that coming along peacefully was the wiser tactic. Just a few questions, Whalen said; Dan realized that his evening would not end early as he had hoped. With his sidearm trained on the suspect, Dan squeezed onto the bench of the buggy while Whalen gave the reins a flick and the old grey gelding lifted its feet, making for the lock-up at the East Chicago Avenue station. For all the trouble Sampson had given them over the years, Dan entertained a fleeting thought. Save the county the trouble and expense of a trial, one squeeze of the trigger, but the cost he would pay in guilt wasn’t worth it.
“Got yourself some time off for good behavior?” Dan asked. “How do you manage to keep yourself out of the pen?”
“Fuck off. I got nothing to say,” Sampson said.
Whalen’s eye flickered, a sidelong glance at Coughlin. Criminals who bought their local alderman were untouchable, protected by a mountain of boodle that stood as a fortress around much of Chicago’s underworld. They might have wasted an entire evening, gotten chilled to the bone for no reason. For their efforts, they were just as likely to earn the Captain’s acclaim as his censure, get a pat on the back or a blot on their record that would give Schuettler a ready excuse to fire them. All the more reason for Dan to cozy up to the politicians, work the elections and sell fundraising tickets. Get one of them into office and there might be a favor or two granted in return.
A favor. He’d have to phone Mr. Sullivan again, to get after him about putting in a word to get Dan a different job on the public payroll. Life as an Irish-American cop in the East Chicago Avenue police station was hell on earth under Schuettler’s reign.



FOUR


DAN


With Schaack’s reinstatement, the atmosphere at the Chicago Avenue station grew more corrosive than ever. The Captain had his detractors among the detectives and beat cops who felt he deserved what he got. In Dan’s mind, it all boiled down to a case of politics spoiling good police work, of elected officials getting in the way of justice when the State’s Attorney wanted a conviction no matter what it took. Coughlin chafed at the unfairness of it all, but he realized that there was nothing he could do and if he was smart, he’d keep his head down and accept Schaack’s accolades for an outstanding job with the Shufeldt Distillery bombing case.
Among the cops at East Chicago Avenue, Coughlin was their resident expert on dynamite. Half his life in the Michigan copper mines and he had a decent knowledge of explosives, which stood him in good stead when they needed someone to test the devices that Whalen found during the investigation of the anarchists. No surprise, then, that Schaack elevated Dan to detective and assigned him to the Shufeldt Distillery case. Even so, there were plenty who resented the rapid rise and the spirited praise. More than one of his fellow policemen looked on Dan as Schaack’s pet, their jealousy adding to an enmity that arose from Coughlin’s continuous denunciations of Dr. Cronin. The clique of Croninites in the Chicago Police Department would sooner see Dan hanged than any member of the Whiskey Trust who had come close to murdering half the people who scratched out an existence at the distillery.
Puzzling over the disjointed collection of evidence he had amassed about the executives of the Whiskey Trust, Dan bent over the stone step of the station house and ground down the tip of the short blade on his knife. A polished boot slapped the limestone within inches of his fingers. He looked up and met the cold glare of Barney Flynn, a detective from downtown who was also a member of the United Brotherhood. He hated Dan for siding with Sullivan in the U.B.’s split, but he despised him more for uncovering Flynn’s connection to “King Mike” McDonald. Not that Coughlin said a word to anyone, but the threat was always there, that Dan would go to his many pals in the news business and tell them how Flynn protected McDonald’s gambling operations near Twelfth Street. Dan met the man’s icy stare with a pleasant grin as he wiped the knife blade on the sleeve of his coat.
“What brings you all the way up here?” Dan asked.
“Oh, just wondering if one of your pals brought his dynamite package to Shufeldt’s instead of London,” Flynn said.
“And here I was thinking it was one of Dr. Cronin’s special enemas,” Dan said.
With panache, Dan bounced the four-bladed knife in his hand. Maggie had presented it to him when he was promoted to detective, a common model that didn’t cost more than a dime, but he cherished it. The pearl-handled beauty was a reminder of Maggie and her love for a man who had little to give in return beyond his ambition and drive to succeed in the world.
“You think you can make trouble for me and I’ll back off about Sullivan and the missing funds,” Flynn said.
“What happens in a U. B. meeting, boy-o, has no bearing outside of Turner Hall,” Dan said.
“You read Cronin’s circular yet, Is There A Conspiracy? It’s all over town. Anything happens to him, and I’m coming after you.” Flynn’s face had gone red, his breath drawn in enraged gasps.
“Did you kiss the blarney stone last night?” Dan stood and pocketed the knife. “Cronin’s a spy and I’m sorry if you don’t believe evidence that’s sitting under your nose.”
“What evidence? Your word?” Flynn shifted his foot to the next step, as if he was going to enter the station house at the speed of a snail.
“His words. But actions speak louder, don’t they, Barney. Like your actions.”
“You ever open your fuckin’ mouth, Coughlin, and I’ll find a way to pay you back,” Flynn said.
The desk sergeant shouted out the door about a phone call and Dan thanked God for the merciful escape. Dan had his own secrets to hide, and by keeping Flynn’s crimes to himself, he gained an unlikely ally should Cronin ever go back on their vow. The key was to keep Barney dangling, never knowing if he was about to be exposed. He had only to hold out until he got the newsboy to agree to testify against Cronin, but there was no telling how long it would take to groom a convincing and unimpeachable witness.
Sergeant Montgomery handed him the phone, the earpiece dangling from its thick black wire. There was no privacy in a police station, any more than Dan could expect privacy on a party line. He was good at speaking in short sentences, lacking substance. “The little German, you’re saying he flew away?” Dan asked. He’d been after O’Sullivan the iceman to make contact with Kunze, who had gone underground when word got out that the distillery employee was cooperating with the police.
“Heard that he’d moved to the south side, took a job at the stock yards,” O’Sullivan said. “There’s talk around here that he might have been the bomber and that’s why he ran. I’ve heard it said that he has witnesses placing him far from the distillery and he’s got nothing to worry about. By him talking to you, does it imply one or the other? Me and my neighbors have been wondering.”
“You tell them that detectives ask a lot of questions but it doesn’t mean they’re about to arrest you,” Dan said. If he had to make a guess, he’d say that Pat was chewing the fat with a lot of recent immigrants who became deaf and dumb around the police due to fear and ignorance.
“We keep to ourselves around here,” O’Sullivan said. “I don’t expect I’ll find out anything more about your Mr. Kunze. Folks aren’t much concerned about their neighbors or what they’re getting up to, as long as they’re quiet about it."
With a shake of his head, Dan put the receiver back into the cradle. His father ran a boarding house in Hancock, and everything that the lodgers did concerned the old man. The miners, the seamstresses, the teachers who rented rooms from Dennis Coughlin also knew what their landlord was up to. Living in small enclaves like Lakeview was not much different than working out of the station house. Too many ears open, too many people with little better to do than hunt for gossip as fodder for some time-wasting chatter. No point in dragging out a conversation that wouldn’t bring Kunze any closer to Chicago Avenue. No point in explaining that an ironclad alibi could be shot full of holes by zealous prosecuting attorneys looking to get themselves re-elected and trampling on those who stood in their path.
“So, who’s fat thumb is on the warrant you swore out against Garrity?” Sgt. Montgomery asked.
“Still pouring beer. Still without a license.” Dan said.
“Who could it be?” Detective Whalen asked. “Which one of the many powerful devils with his fingers around the throat of one of our many corrupt aldermen is choking that warrant to death?”
It had become a guessing game, one that was played almost daily at the station house. Could it be one of the Republican candidates for whom Dan worked the last election, protecting a bigger fish than the insignificant detective? Was it a Democrat upset that Mr. Coughlin’s talent for swaying the voters brought success to the opposition? They laughed but it was gallows humor. A cop never knew when his attempt to enforce the law might backfire on him.
“Any luck tracking down that burglar who was working Oak Street last week?” Montgomery asked.
“I’m on my way to Garrity’s” Dan said. “How much do you want to bet I find him and three other suspects at the bar?”
“Not much of a description to go by,” Whalen said. “Might have changed his clothes by now.”
“Well, let’s go have a look,” Dan said. “I’ve nothing better to do until I find out where Kunze got off to with those letters I want.”
Side by side, their hats pulled low against the winter wind, they left the station house and turned south on Clark Street. They’d gone one block when Dan cast a glance to his left and spotted the heavy carved doors of Holy Name Cathedral. He’d have to go to confession before Sunday, before he went to Mass with his girls. God help him, but his soul was black. Stained, deep, to the core. All the rosaries in the world, all the Acts of Contrition might not be enough to save him. He could have stepped in months ago, dragged Mackie to the boy’s home and gotten the newsboy off the street, but he stood by and watched, all to spin a stronger cord and tie up Cronin in a neat package.



FIVE


ALECK


A safe crossing, some difficulty in obtaining a seat at the opening of the Exposition: the first cable was little more than an acknowledgement of Margaret’s safe arrival in Paris. The second cable came within minutes of the first, its every word a code. The authorities would never realize that the signature, B, indicated a message from Margaret Buchanan Sullivan, his wife. Translated, the wire indicated that she had made contact with a London journalist who was on the payroll of the Land League.  Mr. Bristol’s eyes and ears were carefully inserted behind the scenes of Charles Parnell’s libel trial. While the man’s fees were exorbitant, his reports were always reliable, and he had delivered a report to Margaret that she in turn relayed to Aleck via cablegram.
“Wire Cancellor.” The misspelling meant the wire was to be sent on to Patrick Egan, the treasurer of the Land League. The scribe wanted to get paid with all haste, to finance his ferocious gambling habit no doubt.
Every penny the writer demanded had been money well spent. If not for him, the case would not be such a disaster for the London Times, as proxy for the Crown. Thanks to his efforts, Aleck obtained proof that the letters used to libel Mr. Parnell were forgeries, and because of the gentleman’s acute hearing, Aleck had been warned to use his own proxy to deliver the goods. Even so, it was common knowledge in Victoria’s empire that Father Dorney, a respected cleric in the Chicago Archdiocese, brought the incriminating evidence to Parnell’s legal counsel at the direction of Alexander Sullivan. An explosion more powerful than any bomb sent from America had blown up the Crown’s attempt to quash Home Rule.
At the moment, it was important that Aleck determine how much damage had been done to the Land League by Le Caron, or some other secret operative yet unknown. He held his breath as he translated the cable, finally exhaling when he determined that the Land League’s accounting books had yet to be found. “By the fifteenth of May,” he read aloud, repeated it twice more to be sure he was not mistaken. The spy Cronin was called to testify in London and the doctor would be leaving Chicago by the fifteenth of May. The Land League’s banking records would go with him.
“Dear God, it will be the death of the Land League. The death of Michael Davitt, the death of the nationalist movement, crushed under the polished balmorals of that woman.” His own career was in danger, his law license sure to be revoked when his link to the dynamiters and the Land League was laid bare. He would not allow such a tragedy to occur.
Cronin made no secret of the knowledge he possessed, although he was under the impression that the figures represented Sullivan’s embezzlement of United Brotherhood funds. The doctor never missed an opportunity to crow about his find, which he carried on his body at all times for safety. Whether or not he had a full and complete accounting was impossible to say without perusing the documents. Aleck would have those documents, but time was quickly running out. Less than three weeks in which to act, less than three weeks to perform a complex ballet with an enormous cast of characters. No matter. It had to be done or they were all doomed.



SIX


MACKIE


A newsboy was good at keeping his eyes open. It was a question of survival. The competition for the corner of Clark and Washington was brutal. Mackie could handle himself fine if he didn’t get caught off-guard. Popped a bigger chap but good with his blackjack not a week ago. Detective Coughlin gave him a warning about fighting, showed him the lock-up at the station to make his point. “Here’s where you’re headed, boy-o, if you don’t change your ways,” he’d said, gesticulating with his cigar to drive home the message. What was Mackie supposed to do, then? Give up his corner? Go hide in an alley and starve to death? He had to fight to live. That’s how it was on the street. 
Mackie spotted the iceman driving west on Lake Street. O’Sullivan was a soft touch for odd jobs, and his sister put out a nice spread for the workers who boarded with their boss. Counted the newsboy among them if he mucked the stables and combed the horses on a Saturday night. He figured he was in good with O’Sullivan, who was one of the Black Irish like himself, with olive complexions, dark hair and eyes. A chance connection like that might be enough to get the little newsboy moved up to delivery man once he grew taller and put on some muscle. Then he’d get off the streets and reclaim the life he’d had before God took his parents home to Heaven.
The ice wagon slowed down and Mackie hopped up on the bench. “Saved the evening paper for you, Mr. O’Sullivan,” he said. “And I passed around your business card like you asked. Hope you get more business out of it.”
“Good lad.” O’Sullivan guided the horse through a right turn onto Ashland, heading for home. He picked up the thread of a conversation he’d begun the Friday before, relating the story of Lord Edward Fitzgerald and the rebellion that failed. “We’ve had some grand talks about Ireland, and her heroes, haven’t we?”
“Young Ireland. The bold Fenian men,” Mackie said. Mr. O’Sullivan was fond of reading, not dime novels but real history books about Ireland and America. Whatever he knew, he shared with the newsboy. “And the spies who sent them to the gallows.”
“One day, if God is with us, it’ll come time for you to do a man’s work.” O’Sullivan made a point of not looking at him, as if he were focused on the future. “My best days are behind me, lad, and Ireland will look to the next generation to carry on the fight. Will you be ready, Mackie, when she calls you to stand up and strike a blow for liberty?”
“I’m ready now, sir,” Mackie said. His late father said as much to his only son, many times. A good man was Mr. McSwiney, and he wouldn’t mind that his boy had to delay in striking that blow. Before doing battle for Ireland’s freedom, the young man would strike a blow for Alice who was buried in the Potter’s Field.



SEVEN


DAN


The horse manure that had been ground down under wagon wheels was swirling in the street in stinking eddies. A little rain would be welcome, to hold down the dust. Dan stood on the sidewalk in front of the station house, his foot propped on the low wrought iron railing that fronted the cellar stairs. He waved to the conductor on the grip as the car went by. Tipped his hat to a couple of elderly sisters on their way to Holy Name. Maggie was sure she was in the family way again, sick every morning. It was a glorious day, the first Saturday in May. A stranger turned the corner from Clark Street and came up to him.
“Dan Coughlin? Do you remember me?”
The accent was more New York than Michigan, lacking the intermingling of Canadian and Irish that was heard in the Upper Peninsula. This was not a visitor from Hancock, nor was it someone Dan recalled having seen before. His face must have reflected his puzzlement because the stranger pulled a card from his coat pocket and handed it over as if it were a saintly relic. Solid block letters spelled out the name of the Coughlin livery stable in Hancock, but more important was the hand-written note from Dan’s brother Tom, a brief missive that said James Smith had been told to look up Officer Coughlin at the police station. Anyone who rented a rig from Tom Coughlin and mentioned traveling to Chicago was given such a message, an important accessory for the naive bumpkin who came to the city where civilization met the edge of the frontier.
“James Smith, of course,” Dan said. In the span of three weeks he’d already forgotten the conversation they’d had when James first approached him in April. Dan showed him around downtown and left him at the Board of Trade, not expecting to see him again. “You’ve grown a beard since last we met.”
“I’m afraid I need another favor from you,” Smith said. “Can I buy you breakfast so we can talk?”
Dan guided him to a lunch counter on the other side of Clark Street. They made idle conversation about the weather, unusually cold for early May. In the back of his mind, Dan chided himself for not remembering Mr. Smith. Some detective he was, to not recognize the gentleman straight off. What could be a more obvious identifying characteristic than crossed eyes?
“I’ll need a rig tonight,” Smith said. “You can arrange it?” Dan cocked his head towards Dinan’s livery stable across the street. “Anything in particular you’re looking for?”
“Just something for a drive around the city, plan to call on my aunt down on South Halsted, by the yards. A small buggy would do.” Smith said.
“What time?”
“Around six or seven, I suppose.” The waiter came by and slopped coffee into the empty cups. “Have it back before midnight.”
“Ask for Mr. Dinan. I’ll let him know you’re coming.”
He asked when Smith was returning to Michigan, but Smith told him that he’d put Michigan behind him and was making his way across the country, to try his luck in New Mexico. So there was Chicago in a nutshell. Filled with people who were coming and going, on the move, never still. Little wonder that crimes could go unsolved. Easy enough for a man to break the law, hop a westbound train and disappear into the isolation of the untamed territories, a stranger when he arrived in the city and a stranger when he left.
He bid Mr. Smith a pleasant day and crossed the street, to arrange for the rig with Dinan. Once the old livery man learned it was not for police business, he held out his palm, cash up front. Just that morning, Dan had given Maggie all the money he had in his pocket to pay bills, holding on to a dollar in case he needed it. He fingered a button on his wool coat, imagining the humiliation of the Coughlin family in Michigan if Mr. Smith couldn’t get the rig because Dan wouldn’t front him the fee. The talk in the saloons would be enough to drive Tom back home in shame. A loose thread hung from the buttonhole, a thread that he pulled but failed to break. The stitching unraveled, the loose thread growing longer until he took out his knife and cut it off. He’d have to ask Maggie to fix it or the entire buttonhole would fray and then it wouldn’t be so easy to repair. “Can I square it with you next pay day?” Dan asked.
Dinan’s blacksmith called out a greeting. They knew him there, knew him well enough to not ask where he was going or what he was doing when he hired a rig, not wishing to be involved in police business. Dan rubbed the broken thread between his fingers until it tangled up into a tight ball that he dropped in the straw at his feet. Had anyone at the station house ever once questioned Dinan about the bills he presented for Coughlin’s rentals? Too honest to pretend it was police business, to let the department foot the bill, that was Dan’s problem.
“You know I’m good for it,” he added. Wouldn’t be begging for a three-dollar loan if he hadn’t bought the fancy armchair that Maggie coveted. The chair nobody parked their ass in because it was too good to be used. All for show, to crow about a husband’s successes. No wonder some cops took pay-offs.



EIGHT


MACKIE


To the men who worked for Mr. O’Sullivan, Mackie was someone who showed up from time to time, slept in the barn on a few nights, and then disappeared for days at a time. They ignored him, as they ignored all the other children who chased after the ice wagons in the summer. They’d not see him again, and never realize that he’d been gone from the barn for the past week, the past month, the past year.
He heard the iceman come into the barn, the door left wide open while Mr. O’Sullivan looked in on his horses. Buckets rattled, water spilled. Mackie made himself as small as possible, pulled his knees up to his chest and ducked his head so that he was no bigger than a shadow hidden in a far corner. The time had come for him to do a man’s job, far sooner than he ever imagined. Far sooner than Mr. O’Sullivan would have expected, if he’d known.
The minute that Mr. O’Sullivan finished his chores, the newsboy drifted behind the barn in his stocking feet, the better to be as quiet as a mouse. He cut across the open yard to the cottage that fronted old man Carlson’s house. Early to bed, the old man and his old wife, but their son might be about and Mackie had to be very careful that he wasn’t seen. They were the sort of landlords to spy on their tenants and what was planned was none of their business. He approached the east side of the cottage, tapped the window once, then twice in succession. The front door opened a crack and he slipped inside.
Four men he had never met were standing around, pacing and fidgeting. One man was big, like Detective Coughlin, while the other three were average in size and shape, like any other working man in Chicago. Calloused hands. Big, thick fingers. Mackie’s father had been a clerk, with smooth hands and clean nails, not ashamed to dirty those hands during the Land War in County Roscommon. Not long after the family escaped to America, one step ahead of the bailiffs, they were felled by the bad water that plagued Chicago every summer. Only Mackie recovered, thanks to Alice. He’d avenge her death, do a man’s job.
He looked around but didn’t see the one who called himself Mr. Williams, the man who rented the cottage and gave Mackie a lecture about going to school. Maybe he’d left for Ireland already, as he said he’d been ordered to do. Or he’d gotten himself lost between Lakeview and Chicago. Poor man. As thick as a plank, living in the cottage but not knowing who was paying the rent and not concerned about the peculiar nature of the arrangement. He’d let it slip that his real name was Martin Burke, that he used a different name because he owed his landlady the rent, and that was proof enough for Mackie that Mr. Burke wasn’t cut out for secrecy. Any more than Mackie was cut out for a dangerous mission. He realized that when he scanned the mean faces arrayed before him.
The big man had small blue eyes, penetrating eyes that glowed fiercely in the dim light of the lamp. “Into bed then, son,” he said.
Afraid to do as he was told, and just as afraid not to, Mackie slowed his step. Did they know what he’d done for Alice, what the doctor had charged for fixing her after she got caught? When Cooney the Fox asked him if he was a particular friend of Doctor Cronin, Mackie verified the fact and didn’t hesitate to volunteer to be the bait that would lure the quack to the cottage. Had Cooney meant something by ‘particular’, something different than what Mackie thought it meant? Frozen by fear, Mackie almost cried out when the blue-eyed man grabbed his shoulder and pulled him forward, told him to move and then pushed him until he slammed a shin against the hard frame of the unmade bed. The nearest windows were across the front of the house, on the far side of the room, and not a single opening to the west. Cornered, he was. Trapped like a stupid rabbit. His blackjack pressed against his hip.
“Under the blanket, like a good lad,” the small man said, his Belfast burr soft on Mackie’s ear. He draped the dirty coverlet with shaking hands, but he made no attempt to touch the boy.
They split up and distributed themselves about the room. The look-out had a post at the shutter, where one slat had been removed so he could see the street in front of the house. Another stood behind the door, his hand on the knob, while the big man sat on the end of the bed at Mackie’s feet. The fourth paced between the front door and the window, a blackthorn shillelagh in his hands.
“You’ll need to put on an act like you’ve been hurt,” the big man said. “A bit of groaning, very soft. Give it a go.”
If they were going to do anything to him, Mackie figured they’d have done it by now. He would do as they asked, follow directions like a soldier. From a corner of his mind, he brought up a memory of Alice, moaning with fever on the mattress where she worked on her back at night, after scrubbing on her knees all day. She scrubbed for Mrs. MacSwiney and took Mackie in after his mother died, to be a guard if a chap got too rough or she screamed for help. Or if Frank showed up, the drifter who was sweet on her but she wanted nothing more to do with. Little help Mackie would be, a child with spindly arms, but it was a warm place to stay and she fed him so where was the harm. They were their own family, she’d said, as good as if they’d been born to the same parents.
Mackie let out a sound that echoed Alice’s agony after Doctor Cronin had done the operation that left Alice bleeding like a stuck pig. So little voice remaining after two days of fever. Feeble protests against an infection that burned through her body. What did he charge, she asked her make-believe brother, and Mackie wouldn’t tell her until she wrapped her fingers around his neck and used the last of her strength to wring it out of him. He confessed that he’d paid in full but found that he couldn’t stay away. Alice sobbed out her final hour on earth.
“Well done,” the big man said. “You’re a natural.”
Absolute silence, the silence of the grave permeated the parlor. The floorboards creaked so the nervous one stopped pacing, choosing to stand at the head of the bed like Mackie’s guardian angel. From outside, the squeak of wheels and clack of horse hooves reverberated, the noise so loud that the newsboy imagined everyone for blocks around must have heard.
Stomping feet, horse and buggy, the tension of four men thrown into alarm; Mackie groaned with fear at seeing Dr. Cronin again, fear of slipping out of the state of grace that the priest had put him in after Confession that afternoon. From the pit of his stomach came a sound that asked how it could be wrong to love if Jesus was love and he was a man who loved his fellow man. A trip abroad, a new life, an education; all had been promised because of an emotion labeled as love but the priest said it wasn’t love at all, yet what else could it be? Air caught up in his tight throat, trapped by his confusion. “Gene, oh, poor Gene,” Cronin said before the door was shut behind him.
For good measure, Mackie half-closed his eyes and made the sound that Alice made, the misery that Cronin never heard in his comfortable flat on Clark Street, far from the shack along the river bank. The doctor hovered over him, his breath smelling of violets and licorice, an aroma that aroused a mixture of feelings that Mackie couldn’t control. A scent of lavender soap from Cronin’s hand, stroking the lad’s cheek, moving down to lift the blanket.
Never again would Mackie let a man touch him as Cronin had. Without another thought, he had his blackjack in his hand and his arm swung through a full motion, every fiber of strength behind the blow that landed on Cronin’s cheek with a sickening crunch of bone. The doctor staggered back, shocked, and fell against the rocking chair near the bed, breaking off the armrest. His eyes held Mackie’s gaze, eyes that once expressed concern and caring even as he did things the boy now understood to be unspeakable sins, eyes that pleaded for an explanation that was not coming. Slowly, like a candle burning down, Cronin fell to the floor where his head struck the edge of the baseboard.
The shillelagh, black as death, moved through the empty air with the roar of a tornado and landed on the back of the doctor’s head. Hot drops of blood splattered on Mackie’s face as the stick was raised for a second blow. Grunts of a man wielding deadly force, grunts of a man dying; Mackie could not distinguish the two. The big man with the piercing eyes wrapped a white cloth around Cronin’s neck and pulled it tight, but still the blood poured out, ran along the carpet into a sticky pool that sparkled in the light of a single lamp burning low.
“Get out,” someone hissed, “lose yourself.”
Mackie obeyed. He tore out of the bed, but tripped in the darkness. Just above his ear, his head hit a sharp corner; a heavy box was in the middle of the floor. He felt blood in his hair where a chunk of flesh had been carved out. From Cronin’s open valise he snatched a clump of cotton to soak up the blood, but more care than that he had no time to administer. He stubbed his toe; a clatter and splash— a bucket kicked over, wet under his feet, a smell of linseed oil. The front door loomed but it was the most dangerous exit. He reversed direction, made a bee-line to the back door, caught hold of his fears and tamped them down so that he could open the door slowly, only enough for a thin boy to slip through.
He crawled through the weeds of the empty lot on his belly, back to the barn where he had left his shoes. A bucket of water was near the door and he hurriedly scrubbed his face, dipped his feet and rubbed at his socks but it must have been paint he’d stepped in and it didn’t wash off. No time to dry. The newspaper he stuffed into the toes of the old boots turned to soggy pulp. Without splashing, he tipped the water out onto the ground.
His cap held the cotton wad in place. As for the blood on his clothes, he looked like any other boy who’d gotten the bad end of a scrap, just another homeless waif. Trembling, he stumbled through empty prairies and back yards, picked his way south without taking to the streets or the alleys. Avoided the glow of the oil lights in Lakeview, the electric lights of the city; he kept moving until he ran across Diversey and found the north branch of the river. Blind in the darkness, he fell into a hole in the ground that was hidden by a tangle of dead branches. He would rest until the sun came up, regain his strength and then head off to the newspaper printing plant. After he sold his day’s papers, he would go straight to the boys’ home on Jackson Street, he would get himself educated like Mr. Burke had told him to do, and he would never let a man touch him again as long as he lived. His head ached where he’d landed on the box. His heart ached with missing Alice.



NINE


ALECK


Finding a newspaper reporter sitting on his front steps was odd on a Sunday morning. It was rare that the journalists known to Margaret came to the house, unless one of them was looking for a loan. Reflexively, Aleck reached into his pocket, ready to retrieve a few dollars.
“Cronin’s missing and his landlord’s hired Pinkertons to find him,” the reporter said. “You got anything to say about it?”
“This is the first I’ve heard of it. How long has he been gone?”
“Went out on a call last night, they said. Up to Lakeview.O’Sullivan’s, the iceman, the barn.” The writer licked the end of his pencil and held it above the paper. “Supposed to be treating an accident victim but he never came back.”
“Not gone very long. Pinkertons, you say? Why not our own police detectives?”
“Mrs. Conklin wasn’t satisfied with Captain Schaack’s lack of enthusiasm to turn over every rock,” the reporter said. “She’s in hysterics, says the doc was in danger.”
“Dr. Cronin has a good many enemies,” Aleck said. He was known to be one of them.
“So you think he’s been eliminated?”
“Opponents is a better term than enemies.” He put the key in the lock but did not turn it. “Any man who takes an active part in affairs as he, naturally would have. That being said, I know of nothing that would warrant my believing that any such action as you’ve suggested has been resorted to.”
The reporter scribbled furiously, taking down every syllable. Aleck would have to choose his  ords very carefully because they would come back to him, either in an interrogation or a cross- examination.
“I had rather think that the man will turn up in a day or two. Mrs. Conklin would have been kept in the dark if the doctor were, say, making an assignation. Captain Schaack, being a man of the world, may have such a scenario in mind and prudence would have silenced him.”
“What about Cronin’s actions in the Wilson will case? Wouldn’t that have sparked sufficient enmity to prompt violent measures?” The reporter was fishing for a sensational headline, but he had come to the wrong place for melodrama.
“No, no. Although there was considerable feeling at the time. Dr. Cronin was in the character of an active assailant, you see. The testimony called into question the doctor’s naturalization.” 
“How so?”
“It was claimed that he had been naturalized in southern Illinois at a time when he was, in fact, living in Chicago.” Under the guise of a deposition, they’d found evidence against Cronin. It was unfortunate that Cronin had realized he was being duped. “His enemies tried to discover the reason for this. The ill feeling that was stirred up at the time resulted in that circular letter which Cronin subscribed. You’ve seen it, I suppose?”
“His Is There A Conspiracy pamphlet?” The reporter stopped writing. Mr. Alexander Sullivan was not proving to be of much help to him. “It’s required reading for the Pinkertons right about now.”
“To the best of my knowledge, Dr. Cronin never did explain the discrepancies.” Enough. Aleck turned the knob and took a step into the peace of his quiet home. “I’m meeting friends for breakfast, if you would excuse me.”
“Oh, say, how’s Mrs. Sullivan getting on in Paris?”
“My bank account will not fare as well as the House of Worth” Aleck said. “I’m going towards my office. Care to share a cab?”
“Thanks, Mr. Sullivan, but I’ve got to get up to Lakeview. The detectives think the iceman might have had something to do with Cronin.”
“I for one cannot believe that any harm has befallen the doctor. They say he carried a pistol on him at all times.”
The reporter trotted down the sidewalk, in a hurry to chase a story. Hoping that he was being discrete, Aleck scanned the street in front of his home, certain that the Pinkertons would be on his tail. How could they not? It was known all over Chicago that he considered Cronin his most bitter enemy, and the feeling was mutual. Let them follow him to Mr. Trude’s home, then, and let them dog his heels to his office in the Opera House Building. They would do little more than waste shoe leather while he enjoyed a pleasant meal, good company, and the satisfaction of knowing that Michael Davitt’s ties to the dynamiters of the Clan na Gael would never be known.



TEN


DAN


The minute he arrived at the station house on Monday morning, Dan was made privy to the gossip that was circulating around the sergeant’s desk. Before he could ask for clarification, Dinan charged up to him, red-faced and spitting mad. “What’s the matter, Pat?” Dan said. “Someone steal a horse?”
“No,” Pat Dinan said.
“Something’s wrong. You’re pretty excited this morning.” “There’s something wrong when a Pinkerton detective comes to my place on a Sunday morning and wakes me up so he can ask a lot of questions about who took out the white horse on Saturday night,” Dinan said.
Dinan tugged on Dan’s arm to direct him away from the desk and closer to the door, where fewer ears would be listening. “What horse did that cross-eyed chap take out?” Dan asked. He shoved his hands into his trouser pockets to hide the trembling. Sure, it was possible that Cronin had run for it, but in his heart, Dan feared the worst.
The stable owner lowered his voice to a whisper. "The white one."
"Jesus Christ, Pat, don't say anything." Dan's heart pounded in his chest. "You know me and Cronin were enemies. This could get me in trouble."
"What about me, huh? I got trouble thanks to you and I'm not going to jail over it."
"I'd hate to have to count on you to keep a secret," Dan said. "You're a case of a weakener if you'd let a Pinkerton put such a scare into you. Don't let them barrel you over."
"You call me a weakener? I ain't no weakener, Coughlin." His tone must have been striden when Dan wanted to be assuring. He had said the wrong thing to Dinan, put him on the defensive. It was a mistake, an enormous mistake, a difficulty that he should have handled better. He was a police detective. He knew how things got turned around, upside-down and inside out because of a turn of phrase or a misunderstanding. With a few poorly chosen words, Dan had made things much worse for himself when he would have been better off keeping his mouth shut.
“I know you’re on the level,” Dan said
“You square it with Captain Schaack,” Dinan said. He stepped through the door and Dan followed on his heels. “But if they make it hot for me, I ain’t going to sit there and get burned.”
The Pinkertons were like bloodhounds, relentless, but they were equally satisfied with lies if they couldn’t get at the truth. With Schaack reinstated only since the middle of April, there was no telling which way he might lean, if he would back up his men or throw them to the lions if City Hall found fault with the force. Dan walked back to the desk with a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach.
A great deal had been done since Sunday morning, and the assignments for the day reflected the gravity of the case, or the weight of influence that had been brought to bear by the Conklins, who had looked on Cronin as a son from the time they were neighbors in St. Louis. Every single livery stable on the north side had to be canvassed, and every white horse had to be accounted for. As Schaack’s favorite, Dan was put on the sort of case that every detective in the city longed for. To ask for a different assignment would draw unwanted attention and pointed questions. With what he hoped was a posture of enthusiasm, he joined the Captain and Lieutenant Schuettler on a run up to Lakeview, where the Captain briefed them on all that had occurred since Sunday afternoon, when a bloody trunk was discovered in a ditch.
Looking to make a splash or make his name, the Lakeview chief was telling anyone who’d listen that the trunk in question had held the body of Patrick Cronin, despite the fact that his men had searched the area and hadn’t found any signs of a cadaver. Some hair had been found and that was on its way to Cronin’s barber for identification, while an expert in blood analysis was going to verify the blood as human. Then there was a peripatetic express wagon to fit into the scenario, a wagon that had been seen on Fullerton near Perry, and at Frederick and Clark, and at Clark and Diversey, a magic wagon for all that.
“Looks like we’ll want to drag the river near the bridge on Fullerton,” Dan said. “Logical place to dispose of a body.”
“Both sides of the Evanston road are desolate. Prairie. Scrub and brush,” Schaack said. “Keep your eyes open for freshly turned ground, any sort of weapon.”
A small army of reporters waited at the Lakeview police station, each one wishing to be the first with a scoop. The detectives were shown the trunk, the blood dried to a dark crust, but there was not enough blood to suggest a stabbing. A drunk cracking his head on a curbstone would bleed out as much, and wake up the next morning with little more than a bad headache. While the police captains held a conference to organize their search, Dan went outside to get some fresh air. The trunk was already starting to stink.
Locals milled around, curious about what was happening, and a paper boy squeezed through the throng with the latest edition. Dan bought a copy, to see what the press thought, only to find that the press had already tied Alexander Sullivan to Cronin’s disappearance. Taking a cue from the Lakeview captain, the reporter as much as stated that the doctor was dead, that the trunk was a clue in the case, and the fact that Mr. Sullivan was quoted as saying the doctor was bound to turn up didn’t make a lick of difference. Dan offered up a silent prayer, that he be spared from the coming storm. In return, he vowed to do his duty as a Chicago cop and if the politicians chose to protect whoever he might arrest, so be it. He knew he’d never reach the higher-ups. They were too well-insulated from the dirty work.
Schuettler organized the dredging operation, leaving Dan to stomp through desolate, weed-choked prairie with a small army of beat cops at his beck and call. They fanned out in a line, eyes glued to the ground, and found a trove of garbage that had nothing to do with Cronin. As they came upon a catch basin that emptied into the sand of the lakefront, they lifted the lid and looked inside, a slow and difficult process. Dan scanned the shoreline and counted dozens of catch basins. It would take weeks to search them all.
“So one of O’Sullivan’s business cards was left in Cronin’s office,” a Lakeview cop said. “The iceman couldn’t explain how it got there. And that’s not all. O’Sullivan had a contract with Cronin for doctoring. But he says he didn’t call for the doctor on Saturday night, and he claims he can’t identify the man who turned up at Cronin’s office saying that one of O’Sullivan’s employees was hurt. Don’t you think it’s odd that he’d contract with a doctor in Chicago to treat his men up here?”
“What’s odd? The iceman’s business was in the city. You wouldn’t call a doctor up in Lakeview to treat someone on North Clark Street, would you?” Dan asked. “Besides, an Irishman is going to give his business to another Irishman if he can. Nobody held a gun to Cronin’s head and forced him to go, did they? If he didn’t want the work, he could have told the caller to go find a doctor in Lakeview.”
“I heard that Justice of the Peace Mahoney arranged for O’Sullivan and Cronin to meet and was there when they made the contract. All above board, how he explained it, but the papers are making it sound fishy.”
“Makes for a good story, and good stories sell newspapers,” Dan said. “We’re not here for good stories. We’re here to solve crimes, and if it doesn’t sell a single paper, that’s not our problem. O’Sullivan’s a good citizen. He’s helped me with the distillery bombing case and not asked for anything.”
A long, dirty, sweaty day ended when it grew too dark to see, and with nothing to show for the effort. Two cemeteries were scoured, the ditches on both sides of the road examined, and every puddle dredged. The gaggle of news reporters groaned in unison when they found that they’d wasted their day, with no body found and no answers to Cronin’s disappearance uncovered. The wheel ruts that were held out as a possible source of information as to the whereabouts of the wagon and its riders ended at the Wilson road, as did any hope for startling discoveries.
The return trip to the city passed in exhausted silence, with Dan wishing for idle chatter to drive the thoughts out of his head. He knew as much about Cronin’s fate as the other cops in the wagon, not knowing for certain that the doctor had been assassinated. What if? As a loyal brother and fellow nationalist, how could Coughlin run in a conspirator who might turn on him and implicate their Camp out of spite or revenge? He would have to get in touch with Mr. Sullivan and explain the situation, tell him straight out that he would do his job and if he happened to make an arrest, it didn’t mean that Coughlin had turned his coat and was siding with the pro-Cronin faction. In fact, he’d warn Mr. Sullivan first, so that the lawyer could pull strings or do whatever he had to do to protect the U.B. before the arrest was made. Dan tugged a burr from the hem of his trousers and crumbled it between his fingers. What was he supposed to do? What was the right thing? What was the safe thing?
Every street corner within the boundaries of the East Chicago Avenue station buzzed with the news about the bloody trunk and the missing doctor, every saloon and parlor was suffocating on speculation. Dan tried to eat his dinner but the mutton was stringy, the potatoes too soft, Annie too loud, Maggie too much of a chattering magpie. It wasn’t like him to snap at his girls, but was it asking too much to find a minute’s peace in his own home? He’d had his fill of Cronin for one day and if Maggie was so interested in the case, let her walk over to the station house and she could wallow in it.
Leaving a sniffling wife and a whimpering child behind, Dan went back to work, only to find Captain Schaack was looking for him. His feet were heavy as he climbed the stairs to the office, his heart pounding in his chest while the stew bubbled up into his throat. Where were you on the night of May 4, Dan Coughlin, he asked himself. 
Where were you on those other nights, when you spoke up at a Camp meeting and demanded an investigation of Cronin? Where were you when your friends from Hancock went up to Canada to inquire into Cronin’s time in the military? Where were you when the United Brotherhood member from the St. Louis Police Department filled you in on the suppositions that swirled around Cronin’s hasty departure from that city?
“Dinan came to my house while I was trying to enjoy a quiet dinner,” Schaack said. “Who was this friend of yours who took out the rig?”
“No friend, sir, a stranger named Smith who’d passed through Houghton County up in Michigan. Said he’d met my brother,” Dan said.
“You better find him and bring him in. Know where he lives?"
“No, sir, I don’t.”
“What does he look like?”
“About five foot four, sandy brown hair, about one-fifty, one hundred sixty pounds. I’d say he was around thirty-five years old. Moustache. Week’s growth of beard. Fair complexion. A little cross- eyed.”
“Matches the description of the man Dinan said took the rig.” Schaack leaned back in his chair and stared up at the ceiling. “What you did for me, I’m grateful to you. And I know you’ll never tell a soul because when you give your word, you’re a man of honor. But I can’t do much, Dan. City Hall is turning up the heat. Cronin’s friends have friends who can squash us like bugs, do you understand?”
Allowing an abortionist to practice his craft was what Dan had done for his Captain. The sneer on Cronin’s lips as he extracted Dan’s vow of silence on that miserable night was imprinted on his brain like a photograph. Dan knew what Cronin was, and Cronin knew what Dan was when he walked out of the doctor’s office with a heavily veiled stranger clinging to his arm, her unborn child left in a basin behind a closed door. Twice Dan had given his word, and he was bound twice over.
Dan scratched at his ear to quell the buzzing of a conversation that three years could not erase. “You’ll speak up for me at least?” He feared that he would be made the sacrificial lamb, tossed to the hungry lions downtown so that the Captain could hang on to his job. Having lost it once before, Schaack was sure to be more cautious, more careful. If Coughlin fell there wouldn’t be anyone there to catch him. Just as there’d been no one there to catch the Haymarket Anarchists who hadn’t thrown a single bomb or killed a single policeman.
“Whatever I can do for you, I will do it. Don’t I owe you that much at least?” Schaack came around his desk and shook Dan’s hand, a reaffirmation of their unholy bond that was embodied in a cheap tin badge and the higher salary that went with it. “I’m ordering you to bring Smith in. Don’t waste time. Tomorrow, Mrs. Conklin is going to be asked to identify the horse and the buggy and I want the driver in this station by then. I’ve assigned Michael Whalen to walk out with you.”
Find a man he didn’t know, bring him in and then expect him to explain why he had come down from Michigan to Chicago. With police all across the city looking for Cronin, a wise man would make himself scarce, rather than risk being made to confess to something he did or did not do. Even an innocent man had plenty to fear if he was brought in for questioning. A long day of fruitless searching awaited him on Tuesday, an endless day of looking for someone who was long gone to parts unknown, while Dan was left to take the heat.
For now, suspicion swirled thickly around Pat O’Sullivan, a simple man who was no match for the clever machinations of a Pinkerton detective. They used the news reporters to promote their theories, and the reporters were willing participants in the ongoing effort to paint the Irish with a tarry brush. Between the lines in the columns of newsprint was a deep-seated hatred and a burning desire to present an entire race as blood-thirsty barbarians, murderers who killed without remorse, Papists who took their marching orders from Rome instead of Washington, D.C. The Irish were wholly unworthy of joining the elite of America’s Protestant citizens, not to be trusted, and for proof the silk-stockinged publishers turned Cronin into a martyred saint.
Among the Irish, there were enough powerful men who could use the diversion for their own ends. Those who hung on John Devoy’s cowardly words had a new soapbox from which to trumpet their version of events and so undermine the United Brotherhood’s dynamite faction. Little did it matter to them if the Irish people were beaten down by the cudgel of intolerance, as long as they came out on top in the battle to control the nationalist cause. As for Dan, he had an additional enemy in the body of men who ran the Whiskey Trust, a cabal wishing to be rid of a detective who was close to unearthing the chain of command that led to dynamite bombs in the distillery of a non-cooperative owner. He was outnumbered, outgunned and surrounded, the perfect scapegoat.
“It’s all over the station,” Whalen said, catching up with Dan in the hallway outside of the Captain’s office. “We’ll start first thing tomorrow, ask around the hotels and the train depots. If it’s any consolation, the hair that they found in the trunk up in Lakeview isn’t Cronin’s hair.”
“Pray God the rumors are true, that he took off for London,” Dan said. As much as he wished Cronin dead at that moment, he would be better off if the doctor turned up alive someplace. Better off for himself. The United Brotherhood would be shattered, Davitt would be hanged for murder and treason, and the retribution applied to Ireland would be harsh. Greater love hath no man than to give up his life for another. A few brave men had to sacrifice themselves, but Dan was not so brave as that. He thought he was, but now he knew that he wasn’t.
“The police captain from Lakeview came down himself, brought the hair to Cronin’s barber and he says it’s a woman’s hair. Not coarse like a man’s. Too long as well, seeing as the doctor had a trim earlier in the week.” Michael Whalen nodded like a sage imparting wisdom. “Officer Brown heard that the color’s not a perfect match either.” 
“Hair’s hair,” Dan said. “No way to tell whose head it comes from."
“Tell that to Cronin’s landlady. She’s saying it is his hair and he wore his hair unusually long for a man.”
“Christ save us from the likes of her,” Dan said. “A Pinkerton could tell her the sky was pink and she’d agree with him if it proved her theory.”
“You should hear Brown imitate her,” Whalen said. Adopting a falsetto, he pressed his hand to his forehead as if about to swoon on stage. “Another one of those horrid lies. Dr. Cronin’s hair was soft and silky. I never saw softer hair than his.”
In the same high voice, Dan said, “He was the daughter I’d always wanted.”
They passed Lieutenant King’s office and would have kept going if they hadn’t heard him swear a blue streak. Something crashed against the wall, most likely the wastebasket that was rolling on the floor near the door. “The services of a patrol officer for an entire day, chasing down a man whose misfortune it is to resemble Dr. Cronin,” King said. “The whole fuckin’ day.”
“It’s not going to get any better,” Whalen said. “Before this is over, we’ll have found every man, woman and child who could pass for Cronin.”
“Good luck finding that chap from Michigan,” King said. “The way the Pinkertons are running around town, any man who was in Chicago on Saturday night left town on the last train. God damn that bitch. She won’t work with us, no, she’s got her private detectives on the case.”
“Think she has something to hide?” Dan suggested.
“Yeah, Dr. Cronin killed himself because she drove him to it,” King said. “If the reporters ask you two about tracing an express wagon, tell him we’re making inquiries, will you? It’s so rare, to see an express wagon in Chicago. How could we not have it in hand?”



ELEVEN


ALECK


The cable arrived shortly after he unlocked the door of his office, his every move watched by the detectives who lingered in the hallway. It took him no time to determine that there would not be an immediate reply. The first words told him that it was from Margaret, and it was encrypted.
“Wire Cancellor,” the message began. Contact Patrick Egan of The Irish World, the former treasurer of the Land League in Ireland and American ambassador to Chile due to Aleck’s influence. So she had heard about Cronin’s disappearance via the wire services. She was ready to begin, to put into motion the smoke and mirrors that would mask reality for as long as it took someone to determine that it was all lies. That was how much time the assassins had to make their escape without fear of detection.
Their informer, Mr. Bristol, wanted his stipend wired to a third party in Pueblo, Colorado, so concerned was he with being unmasked. Everyone was afraid that the taint of Cronin would poison them, by the look of things. Margaret had some good news, in that the Land League’s books had not turned up in London as feared, but Aleck had no code words to tell her in return that the information the Parnell Commission wanted so desperately from Chicago would not arrive as planned because it was about to be destroyed.
The packet had been slipped under the office door sometime between Sunday evening and Monday morning. Arriving at dawn, Aleck almost tripped over the menacing bundle in the entry. He was on edge until the appointed time, when his law partner Thomas Windes escorted Fred Trude’s representative into the room, followed by others acting as proxy for Judge Tuley and San Francisco Chief of Police Desmond. Shortly thereafter, a trio of earnest young clerks arrived and presented their credentials as representatives of Tuohy, Kerwin and Corkery, three Irishmen who had made millions in dry goods, liquor and coal and donated generously to the Land League. Only after Windes had locked the door behind him did Aleck retrieve the paper-wrapped bundle from his safe.
All eyes were on the brown paper wrapper that was marked by a rusty smudge, as if blood had been spilled and hastily wiped away. Trude’s agent opened the package and bent down to examine the contents. “I can confirm that this is his handwriting,” he said.
Using only the very tips of his fingers to lift the pages, Aleck perused the lists of figures. “I can confirm that the information on these pages details transactions conducted by the Land League to purchase explosives and finance dynamiters in London,” Aleck said. “These match the funds which Devoy’s followers claim I embezzled. In addition, there is a list of operatives and their contacts, a chain of command that traces back to myself and Mr. Davitt.”
“The complete annihilation of the Land League and Home Rule, in black and white. Gentlemen, we have here the proof of all assertions made during several hearings in regard to Cronin’s espionage,” Mr. Windes said.
The room was stuffy, the coal stove casting more heat than was necessary to chase away the early May chill. Each witness was invited to inspect the sheets of cribbed writing, but not one of them did, trusting in the assertions of two highly respected attorneys. Two men mopped their brows before retreating to the corner nearest the window, where a cool breeze slipped in under the sash.
Few had paid heed to Cronin after last year’s convention, when the factions came together to focus on Ireland’s emancipation. The doctor had been as insufferable as a spoiled child ever since, railing incessantly about Sullivan and the Triangle Executives Boland and Feeley stealing Clan na Gael funds, while the majority of the United Brotherhood looked upon the doctor as an addled fool. Now every newspaper in the city was proclaiming that Cronin’s so- called incriminating papers had been found in his room by Pinkerton detectives, aping the cry of the Croninites that the famous documents had been found and all would be exposed.
What the private detectives had in hand was a transcription of the hearing in which Aleck’s financial management was analyzed. Analyzed and found to be sound, however, which led Cronin to mock the illustrious Father Dorney after the priest had been granted access to the secret account books and assured those hearing the case that all was legitimate. Did anyone require any further proof that Cronin was England’s creature? Who else would dare to accuse Father Dorney, who risked life and limb to deliver Charles Parnell from England’s maw, of gross stupidity or lying?
Even though it was early in the day to drink, Windes pulled a flask from his suit coat pocket and offered them all a pull. This was a baptism, in a manner of speaking, with the Land League born anew as the incriminating documents were consigned to the hell fire of the coal stove. Aleck tore the sheets into small pieces which he dropped onto the burning coals, each small batch consumed before he added another, until the last few scraps were smoke and ash. From the bottom of the packet on his desk he lifted a set of tickets, two for the train to New York and two for second-class accommodations aboard a steamer bound for Liverpool, in the name of Dr. Cronin and son. The ruse was obvious, as everyone knew Cronin was a bachelor. Such a ridiculous attempt at creating the false impression of a family going abroad. The tickets were reduced to cinders in the fire.
“I assume you’ve all read the newspapers,” Aleck said. “Even though some curious reports will be seen coming from Canada, there is the matter of the private detectives. I can promise you that Luke Dillon and his followers, under John Devoy’s control, will make things hot in Chicago. With that in mind, I am proposing a subscription for a defense fund.”
They shook hands all around, the business concluded. Windes ushered them to various doors, assigned times for departure, and then walked out with Trude’s agent, who was due to appear before him in Chancery that morning. One last time, Aleck opened the grate on the stove to verify that Cronin’s stolen information was well and truly gone forever. The committee’s work thus concluded to everyone’s satisfaction, he brushed the soot from his hands. He had to get to the telegraph office, to contact his wife who was anxiously awaiting her marching orders. Poor Margaret, so excited about seeing the architectural and engineering marvel that Mr. Eiffel had constructed for the Exposition, yet mindful of her duty to the land of her birth. The sooner that he could free her from the onerous chore, the better.
After first contacting his wife, Aleck forwarded her cable from Paris to Lincoln, Nebraska, where Patrick Egan would then transmit a re-coded cable to Mr. Davitt. Thus far, the plan was running smoothly, but Aleck could not help but wonder about the bloody trunk that had been found so close to where Cooney the Fox said he had dug a grave. No reason for the box to be tossed in a ditch if the final act had followed his carefully considered instructions. He slipped into his topcoat and glanced out the window to check the weather. A storm was brewing.



TWELVE


DAN


A news reporter attached himself to Coughlin and wouldn’t go away. The police had been sent to dredge the river, again, at the behest of Mr. Luke Dillon of Philadelphia, right-hand man of John Devoy, who went straight over everyone’s head to Police Chief Hubbard with his demands. There were those in the Chicago branch of the Clan na Gael who thought Dillon was an English spy, and his appearance was a most unwelcome development.
Of all the dynamiters who had gone to England, only Luke Dillon had completed his mission and gotten clean away. The spy Le Caron was aware of every undertaking, giving so much advance notice that several operatives had been arrested the minute they stepped off the boat from America. Not Luke Dillon, an ardent supporter of the dynamite faction until he returned from England and commenced to argue against the use of force. His abrupt change of heart should have been enough to cast a dark shadow of suspicion over him, his reform stinking of the same putrid corruption that ruled Dr. Cronin. Just like the entangled doctor, Dillon created mistrust and division. He traded on his past and blinded the organization’s members to his treachery, while he fiercely supported a fellow spy whose hands were equally dirty. His active interference in the police investigation was clear evidence that he was a British agent intent on destroying Aleck Sullivan.
Hoping to find out what the Pinkertons were up to, Dan asked the news hound about the latest items of interest and was told that a collection of Dr. Cronin’s papers was the subject of much speculation. Supposedly, he carried them on his person at all times, some evidence about the Triangle and financial irregularities, but just that morning they’d all heard from Cronin’s landlord, Mr. Conklin, that he had them. The saloon owner didn’t think it was funny that the scribe from the Herald asked him how he had documents that Cronin carried on his person unless Conklin had the person. Glossed over the mockery, and made a grand announcement about waiting to reveal the contents until the right time.
“Look, Dan, if these papers are so full of clues, why hasn’t he turned them over to you?” the reporter asked.
“You think those papers really exist?” Dan said.
“No,” another reporter said. “If they did, old lady Conklin would be standing on the roof of the tallest skyscraper in town, and they’d hear her barking up in Milwaukee.”
Members of the nationalist organizations who granted anonymous interviews were convinced that Cronin was in New York, on his way to London to testify. A clerk at the Union Depot had stopped at the East Chicago Avenue station and told Captain Schaack that a man matching the doctor’s description had paid for two fares. No one had seen the clerk since, and it was impossible to confirm his story. Not that the press would hear of it. With the papers overflowing with too much detail, police detectives were deluged with false sightings and false leads that wasted valuable time. The less that the public knew this early in the investigation, the better it would be for the officers of the East Chicago Avenue station.
“Coming up empty again, boys,” Dan said to the clutch of pencil-wielders when it was too dark to see. They had covered both river banks for four hundred yards, tossed grappling hooks into the water for hours on end, but there was no sign of a dead doctor to be found.
He was back at the station house by seven o’clock, eager to change out of his wet and muddy clothes. Before he went home for supper, he placed a call to Mr. Sullivan, to inform him that Coughlin was a police detective assigned to a case and he’d work the case without concern about what he might find, but Mr. Sullivan was out. Thinking that he could contact Pat O’Sullivan under the ruse of the Shufeldt Distillery case, he rang up the iceman’s office and spoke to a tough Irish biddy who was furious with the reporters who peppered them all with questions, who put such a scare into Tiernan that the driver ran off and there was Pat handling two routes in one day. They’d all been home on Saturday night, she continued, home in bed at a decent hour, which was more than anyone could say about young Mr. Carlson whose own wife left him over his drinking. Without having to ask a single question, Dan learned plenty.
“Would you ask Mr. O’Sullivan if he’s had any luck finding a Mr. Kunze?” Dan asked.
“I’d say he has more than enough to do without looking for foreigners,” the woman said in a brogue as thick as Bubbly Creek.
He put the earpiece back in the cradle. “Kunze makes a run for it, and now Cronin,” Dan said to the desk sergeant. “Maybe I’ll find them together and solve two cases.”
The sergeant lifted a finger towards the ceiling. “Captain wants to see you.”
Would the day ever come when Dan could mount the stairs without a sense of foreboding hanging on his ankles like a ball and chain? Anything could have happened while he was with the dredging crew, some breakthrough in the case that was kept a secret from the loose lips around the station house. There was no avoiding a command from a superior. Dan rapped at the door and was told to come in.
“Have you found that Michigan chap yet?” Schaack asked. All morning, Dan walked from railroad depot to railroad depot but no one had seen a man matching Mr. Smith’s description. He asked at the reception desks of almost every hotel, inquired at a few boardinghouses on the north side of the river, and even called into any saloon he passed along the way. The odds of finding one man in a city as big as Chicago, the railroad hub of the nation, were zero. Without locating the man and bringing him in, Dan was no longer a detective on the case but a suspect in the crime. “No, sir, no luck today. Wore out a pair of shoes.”
“You can get them re-soled and wear them out working on a genuine crime,” the Captain said. He leaned back in his chair and fixed a sly grin on his face. “We brought the horse and buggy to Conklin’s. She said it wasn’t the same horse at all. Neither did her description of the culprit match your stranger from Michigan. The boys downtown will handle the disappearance. Our work is done, as far as everyone is concerned. You and Whalen return to regular duty tomorrow.”
“From what I’ve gathered in Irish circles, the doctor made a run for it, same as Le Caron before him.” Bad news for the Land League, unless some suicidal Irishman exacted justice in London. Good news for Dan, off the hook about the rented rig and all the suspicion that clung to him. It added up to another Irish rebellion crushed, more Irish blood shed, but the Irish in America undefeated. The war was far from over. “After she saw the rig, did she recall something new? Did she have anything useful to add that would help find Cronin?”
“Yes, she did. She thought that Officer Brown, who was standing next to one of her Pinkertons, was the man who drove the buggy that took the doctor away. Her description of the chap who called for the doctor has changed repeatedly, except for his Irish brogue.” Schaack spit out his wad of tobacco, the echo ringing in the spittoon. “She also identified Officer Walker, after he put on the Pinkerton’s topcoat and turned his back to her. Do those men resemble each other in the least? And this is our best witness. This is what we have to deal with, while Hubbard tightens the screws on me.”



THIRTEEN


DAN


With Mr. Smith’s disappearance, Dan came to believe that he’d been had. He was still on the hook to Dinan for the three dollar rental fee for the rig, and he didn’t have three dollars to waste with another baby coming. Money, however, was the least of his worries.
Some of the detectives who worked out of the central station on Harrison Street, Lt. Schuettler in particular, believed that the East Chicago Avenue station was little more than a clubhouse for the Clan na Gael. He had his eye on every single Irishman in the place, convinced that the investigation into Cronin’s disappearance would be bathed in a thick coat of whitewash and the crime left to languish until it died at the end of an ice cold trail. Dutifully, Dan followed up on what few clues came into the station, but the trail was cold from the start. The lack of progress left the door open for Schuettler to promote his anti-Hibernian theories at City Hall, part of his quest to move up through the ranks and not count the bodies left behind in his climb to the Chief’s office.
“She’s been on programs with him when he sang. Some religious functions, some Irish social gatherings,” Dan said. A young lady had come to the station to make a report, not long after a streetcar conductor claimed to have seen the doctor on the night of May 4. “She knows him by sight, sir.”
“Saturday night, after nine o’clock,” Schaack said, to confirm what Coughlin had just told him. “On the Clark Street car. She saw him on the car.”
“Passed each other, she said, but he was in a well-lit car and he wouldn’t have seen her in the dark. Like on the stage, she says. Can’t see the audience in the dark when you’re in the spotlights.”
“And that conductor said he talked to Cronin on his car and the doctor wanted to go to the Union Depot.” Schaack rose from his chair. “The agent who said he sold him tickets has gone underground, and none of the other ticket agents remember seeing anyone matching Cronin’s description.”
“I’d put more credence in Miss Murphy’s story than that of a person who never met the doctor,” Dan said. Was her story really any more credible than another? Her father was a neighbor of Aleck Sullivan and was also the treasurer of Camp No. 20. Even so, it would be odd for a slip of a girl to make up a story and then be able to stick to it under interrogation. Dan didn’t know what to think, any more than he could guess who was telling the truth.
Schaack flopped back down into the battered wooden chair, stretching out his legs in a picture of frustration. As a proud Chicago cop, he resented the intrusion of Conklin’s Pinkertons, resented their presence and the way it implied that local law enforcement was toothless. More than anything, he resented the pressure that an outsider like Luke Dillon, a visitor from Philadelphia, was applying to Chief Hubbard who then squeezed everyone down the line. The Conklins wouldn’t cooperate because they had their detectives, who scared off the private citizens who might have talked to a Chicago cop.
“You found that man you were looking for before we abandoned the search?” Schaack asked.
“I spotted him on Michigan and Clark yesterday,” Dan said. Smith would have run down the street if Dan hadn’t grabbed his arm to ask him where he’d been on the night of May 4. He said he’d been to see his aunt, like he told Dan in the first place, and he talked so fast that Dan knew he was scared to death he’d be brought in and made to confess to something he hadn’t done. Schaack was famous for his “sweat box” treatment. With no reason to bring him in, he let Smith go and the man was on the southbound streetcar before Dan could blink.
“The detectives downtown believe Cronin was murdered,” Schaack said. “Is it at all possible that he ran off with a lady of low character and must lie low?”
“A lady? No, sir. But odds are he ran away.”
Mystery or not, Dan had been taken off the Cronin case. Along with Michael Whalen, he investigated a motley collection of petty crimes in the district, nothing as intriguing as the Cronin mystery that was padding the profits of the newspaper owners. At the sergeant’s desk, the doctor was the favored topic of conversation, and when a call came from the Twelfth Street station, the cops went silent in an effort to overhear Captain Schaack’s conversation. The sergeant put his hand over the mouthpiece and whispered that their colleagues had their hands on a man who knew all about the bloody trunk. Coughlin and Whalen ran up the stairs two at a time.
The Captain scribbled notes, grunted occasionally, but remained largely silent during a long conversation. After he had replaced the ear piece on the hook, he stared at the instrument, as if it was about to translate what had just been said into a recognizable tongue. “There’s a man at Twelfth Street who says he dumped the trunk.”
“They found a body? They find Cronin?” Whalen asked.
“If this story pans out, the trunk has nothing to do with the doctor’s disappearance. Captain O’Donnell and I have decided to test the veracity of the tale. We’re going for a drive.”
They gathered at Webster and Lincoln, where the scruffy- looking vagrant was told to drive the stolen wagon he had tried to sell at the livery stable, while the captains followed in a cab and the officers trailed in the police wagon. At a leisurely pace, the procession of police, detectives and reporters wound its way south to an alley behind a barn near State and Schiller.
“This is where they picked up the trunk,” the vagrant said. He was no one Dan had ever seen before, not connected with Camp No. 20 and not likely to be involved with the United Brotherhood. To Dan’s trained eye, he was just another small time crook, and one who was looking for attention. By tomorrow morning, his name would be plastered all over the newspapers and telegraphed across the country. Chicago was full of them, a dime a dozen, poor and unskilled, rotating in and out of the penitentiary. Accustomed to being a number in a prison, they took a particular delight in seeing their full name in print. Every one of the reporters would cozy up to him, pepper him with questions, try to wheedle a confession. It would be a courtship, an irresistible fawning of so many on one so insignificant.
The vagrant drove north, stopping near the artesian well off the Lake Shore drive. “That’s where they dumped the body,” he said, pointing to a clump of bushes.
A detective who worked out of the Twelfth Street station related the curious tale to Coughlin and Whalen. Once arrested, the vagrant gave a couple of different names, making it difficult to pin him down, but he claimed that he was going to California to live with his father and was trying to sell a stolen horse, a white horse, to raise some spending money for the trip. If not for reports of a white horse being used to take Cronin away, the fool would have been in jail already, waiting for his father in Los Angeles to hire a lawyer and go his bail.
According to Frank Woodruff, the horse thief who gave an address on North Water Street as his last residence, it was Dr. Cronin himself who was at the barn on State Street last Saturday, where two other known gamblers loaded a trunk into the wagon that Woodruff was hired to drive. An innocent party in the matter, according to him, and he wouldn’t have known about the body in the trunk if he hadn’t caught a glimpse of a lady’s hand and arm when the box cracked open after hitting the ground. A botched abortion, Woodruff claimed, an operation done by Dr. Cronin on a woman named Alice.
“Dismembered, was she?” Michael Whalen asked. Already the story was falling apart. Both Dan and Michael had seen the trunk, and the stains were too slight to account for all the blood that a human body contained. The only true fact that wouldn’t be well known was the abortion angle, a crime Dan had encountered first hand. One he would never speak of.
They jostled along the cobblestones, making idle conversation to pass the time. When the wagon stopped, both Whalen and Coughlin looked at each other, recognizing the exact spot where the Lakeview police claimed to have retrieved the trunk. Captain Schaack smiled the grin of man who had uncovered a treasure. Dan shook his head. “Looks like the engraving that was in the papers on Monday,” he said. “Common knowledge on Thursday.”
“Fits with the hair found on the corner of the trunk,” a Twelfth Street cop said. “The barber said it was a woman’s.”
“Mrs. Conklin and everyone else she rounded up all said it was Cronin’s,” Whalen said. “So that makes it Cronin’s hair. Not even the same exact color. I’m coming to think that it’s not a crime we’re meant to be solving after all. It’s the same way in Ireland. The landlord’s word is gold and the Irishman’s shit.”
“You know, Maggie reads about the society girls, all getting married to Englishmen so they can have some fancy title,” Dan said. “Wasn’t that why a war was fought, to break free of England? One hundred years later and they’re thinking that they liked it better when all men weren’t created equal.”
“Go on and dig our canal, boys, and then fuck off,” the cop from the Twelfth Street station grumbled.
An impromptu press conference fired up after the journey ended on the side of the Evanston road. Without pausing to ponder the facts, Captain Schaack declared that he believed Woodruff’s story, a situation totally unconnected to the Cronin mystery. As for Captain O’Donnell, he was busy tearing into Woodruff, and the reporters didn’t need to ask if he believed the horse thief’s tale. There was no sign of anything having been in the barn, certainly not a dead body. There was no sign of a dead body where Woodruff claimed it had been dumped. And it was beyond belief that Woodruff managed to sneak a horse and wagon out of the barn, and then back into the barn, without anyone hearing a thing. 
The sky opened up and the rain poured down, a spring thunderstorm that beat through Dan’s coat and ran in rivulets from his hat. Woodruff would be booked, of course, because his story had to be followed up whether it was believable or not. Already Dan could picture how he’d spend the next few days, marching from one saloon to another in search of Woodruff’s accomplices. They’d have stories to be verified, and there’d be more people to bring in. In the pit of his stomach, Dan wanted to find out what had happened. He was possessed of a detective’s curiosity, but more than that, he wanted to get out from under the cloud of suspicion that Schuettler set over the heads of Dan and his Irish colleagues.
Too much Cronin on the brain had Dan pinching the bridge of his nose until he saw stars, but still he couldn’t squeeze out the echo of the doctor’s voice as he trumped Dan’s threat to reveal all he’d learned about the doctor’s activities in the Canadian militia and in St. Louis. A shake of his head to clear his vision, and the detective climbed down the sand hills to the spot where Woodruff said the body was left, but only to verify that there was not nor had there been a dismembered woman’s body placed there. With his shoes full of sand, he walked across the road to the pond and took hold of the dragnet, the rain pelting his face when he walked south and pounding his back when he reversed course. Step by slow step, the police pulled the net through the shallow pond, while Lt. Schuettler carried on a lengthy conversation with the reporters. He, for one, was convinced that the trunk had contained Dr. Cronin’s body, not that of some unknown woman. The trunk in question was plenty big enough to hold even a large woman, so why cut her up? On the other hand, Dr. Cronin was a large man and he wouldn’t have fit in one piece. Why, they’d have had to lop off his head and his legs to get him in the thing. What about the hair, one of the reporters asked. Cronin’s was brown, the hair in the trunk was black, his barber said so. Oh no, it was a case of the barber being mistaken, as were so many other people.
“I don’t know what’s worse,” Whalen said. “People like the lieutenant who aren’t Irish and hate us, or people who are Irish and distance themselves from their own people with the same hatred.”
“He’s had it in for us since the Haymarket investigation. Wish I’d tested the bomb up his ass instead of hauling it up to the beach in Lakeview,” Dan said. He slipped in the mud on the edge of the pond and ended up with one foot soaked through. It was ridiculous to drag the line of hooks through the oversized puddle. It was too shallow to hide a body, and a stupid place to dispose of a corpse when the lake was a few feet away. A day getting drenched and the mystery was no closer to being solved.
“Schuettler suspects us,” Whalen said. “All of us in the station house. Every Irishman in the entire city. He’s riding on Luke Dillon’s coattails to get himself into City Hall, get in on the right side of the City Council and rise to the Chief’s rank. Then he’ll clean house, boy-o, and every one of us hired because of Aleck Sullivan’s influence will be out of a job.”
“It isn’t all the lieutenant,” Dan said. “It’s the influence of Dillon and John Devoy, working against us, working in Washington, D.C. and New York City. Hand in hand with John Bull.”
The full length of the pond was dragged, and about all that anyone might have caught was a bad chill. While the policemen stowed the dragnet, the detectives discussed the information or obfuscation that Frank Woodruff provided. Shivering in wet clothes, Dan said nothing but listened carefully, listened as Captain Schaack jousted with Lt. Schuettler in a battle over who would control the East Chicago Avenue station and its army of police, a corps loyal to its captain. The rain stopped; the wind shifted and died down to a light breeze from the north. Boodle and influence, bribes and easy money. The power of a police captain to control his district. It was a dangerous mixture.



FOURTEEN


ALECK


The change was so startling that Aleck almost refused to buy a newspaper from the boy, so loyal was he to Mackie. Yet it was the same lad, his stringy black hair cropped close to his skull, his face and hands scrubbed clean. Aleck reached out to examine the ugly red scab that the boy’s cap could not completely cover, but Mackie reared back in alarm, as if the wound were still painful.
“Been living at the boys’ home on Jackson,” Mackie said, in between barking out his extras and pocketing change. “After work, I’ve been hitting the books hard, Mr. Sullivan. The streets aren’t any kind of place for a man who wants to get ahead.”
“Finally taking everyone’s advice?” Aleck asked. He couldn’t help but shift his gaze up the facade of the Opera House building, up to the floor where Dr. Cronin practiced medicine. The sidewalk out in front was crawling with detectives and cops, going in and out, to and fro. Detectives stood guard at the door of the physician’s office; detectives combed through the man’s appointment books and records in search of clues to his whereabouts. They cast sidelong glances at every man who used the elevator, entered a door, or engaged in a conversation in the hallways. For all anyone knew, they were steaming open private correspondence and reading everyone’s mail.
“Extra. Doctor Cronin seen in Toronto,” Mackie shouted. He held a paper aloft, waved it to entice a buyer. There were plenty of buyers. Chicago couldn’t get enough news about the disappearing doctor.
In the quiet of his law office, Aleck read the reports coming out of Canada. The missing doctor had been seen by Charles T. Long, a former reporter with the Herald and the Daily Tribune. Mr. Long knew Cronin personally and had spoken to him, a strong proof of the theory that the doctor had made a run for it. There were indications that Cronin was in distress, very much afraid that detectives would be put on his trail if it were to become known that he was in Canada and not, as some believed, he was dead in Chicago. Long went so far as to quote the doctor, who said he had been advised to leave the country and was doing so.
Rather cruel, to mock the Conklins for making a lot of noise after claiming that Cronin asked them to keep quiet, but it was an author’s prerogative to embellish where needed to maintain the reader’s interest. The article was a masterpiece, and even though it was only a matter of time until the Pinkertons and Chicago police detectives followed the clues that Long sprinkled in his paragraphs, it was time that Sullivan wanted to buy.
Through intermediaries, he had learned that Cooney the Fox’s hired thugs had not buried the body as originally planned, but what they did instead was unknown. Stupidity, performed by stupid men who may have panicked and acted without a single logical thought. To a man, however, they were absolutely loyal to the United Brotherhood, and not one of them would utter a word if arrested. They had seen what happened to a loyal soldier undone by informers in the ranks when Martin Hogan arrived in Chicago, newly sprung from an Australian penal colony. The former Fenian prisoner was half out of his mind after years of hard labor, a broken down wreck of a human being who had been rescued by the Clan na Gael. The patriots who followed Michael Davitt would rather die than see the same done to one of their own. Not that they would have to die. No doubt they were long gone to parts unknown.



FIFTEEN


DAN


No matter what the newspapers said, Dan was aware that he was a suspect in some minds. Lt. Schuettler nursed the speculation until it grew, never letting the story of the rented rig die. Pat O’Sullivan, the Lakeview iceman, had been questioned so many times that it was a wonder the poor man was certain of his own name. One question was heard around Chicago, a question that struck fear into every Irish heart: “Where were you on the night of May 4?” A pall was cast and Dan realized that his investigation of the Shufeldt distillery bombing was made impossible by the climate of fear that Cronin’s disappearance had generated. Even he was afraid, and he knew he’d done nothing.
The unraveling of the Toronto sighting changed the atmosphere in the police department so radically that Dan began to fear for his liberty. A detective from downtown had gone up to Canada and traced the clues provided by the Tribune’s reporter, and not one of them panned out. The man who wrote the articles stood by his story, until he stopped talking to the authorities. The concept of a massive conspiracy took hold and became the driving force of the investigation. Every member of Camp No. 20 became a suspect. Every Irishman who had ever proclaimed a love of Ireland or a desire to set it free from British oppression was targeted. Dan fit the bill.
The mystery of Cronin’s disappearance was solved by a gang of Lakeview sewer workers who were called out to unclog a catch basin that was far to the north of where Dan had been detailed when the first search was conducted. If his search party had kept on going, he realized, he would have been present when the right lid was lifted. He would have been present to discover the body, would have been tasked with solving the crime. Three weeks had gone by when word reached him that Cronin’s friends had identified the bloated, rotting corpse that was no longer recognizable as human.
A few days later, Dan arrived for morning roll call and was told to stay in the station house. He could feel the eyes of the lieutenants and the desk sergeant on him, watching every move he made. Captain Schaack approached him shortly before noon and told him they were going to Chief Hubbard’s office downtown. Other police officers from the East Chicago Avenue Station had been questioned and warned that they had better not go missing. A beat cop who happened to ask if all the horses were in at Dinan’s on that fateful Saturday night refused to say anything, taking a chance on silence as opposed to having his explanation misconstrued and himself placed under arrest. Dinan’s blacksmith was roped in because he had also taken a rig that same Saturday night, turning a simple errand into a situation requiring a solid alibi. Pressure was being applied from the top, and the Chicago Police Department was conducting a witch hunt. Dan could only pray for salvation.
As soon as he entered the wood-paneled office of the Chief of Police, he knew he was in over his head. The office was packed with bodies. Not only was the Chief present, but Mayor Cregier and Lt. Schuettler were sitting as if in a jury box, along with three other men who looked to be lawyers and a fourth who was definitely a clerk prepared to take dictation. Captain Schaack was there, to explain why his staff hadn’t made progress at a speed to suit Mr. Dillon and his pals. The set-up fit an interrogation, the taking down of evidence to be used in a court of law.
“You were ordered to bring in the man who asked you to rent the rig,” Hubbard began, “yet you failed to do so.”
“I looked for him, sir, and didn’t find him,” Dan said. The Chief liked to say he was Irish, but he was no more Irish than the landlords who were planted in Ulster and then tried to wipe out the Catholic faith and the native Irish people. He was as much against the Clan na Gael as the British government. “After Captain Schaack brought the horse and buggy to Conklin’s to be identified and she said it wasn’t the same horse, I was told to return to general duties. I ran into him a few days later, on Clark Street near Michigan. He said he was on his way to the Northwestern Depot, to catch a train for New Mexico. I didn’t arrest him because there was no reason to bring him in.”
“A reporter from the Times arranged for her to view the horse again,” Schuettler said. “She did identify it at that time.”
“A newspaper hack?” Dan asked, not trying to hide the bitterness in his voice. Someone powerful was interfering, and the Conklins were eager participants. The question was, who were they going after and how could Dan protect himself. “Without one of our boys present? And that’s evidence?”
“It’s not up to you to determine what constitutes evidence, Mr. Coughlin,” the mayor said.
“What do you know of this friend of your brother’s?” Hubbard asked.
“He’s not a friend, sir, only a man who rented a rig from my brother. He spent some time in Houghton County, in Michigan, pursuing business opportunities he said. He gave the name James Smith, got to talking about going to Chicago, and my brother told him I was a policeman and he should come look me up,” Dan said, every fiber in his being forced into composure. “He also said that he met with a friend of my brother’s, a Mr. John Ryan, who told him to come see me in Chicago. Just a friendly gesture.”
“Why did he want a rig on May 4?” Schuettler asked.
“He said he was going to visit his aunt down by the Yards,” Dan said.
“Did you attempt to locate his aunt?” Hubbard asked.
“No, sir. Mrs. Conklin failed to identify the horse and I was taken off the case.” It would have made as much sense to locate Hubbard’s aunt after Captain Schaack presented the horse and buggy in the proper manner. Thanks to a reporter leading on Mrs. Conklin, she had reversed course and decided that Dinan’s rig was the same one after all. Such abrupt changes fit into Schuettler’s plan to get Schaack out of his way, and normal police procedure had to be upended after the fact, with men like Dan made to suffer.
“What was the trouble between you and Dr. Cronin?” Hubbard asked.
The crime was murder. What, then, was the motive? A man with a reason to kill had to be found, and words spoken in the heat of debate during a private meeting could be made to serve. Hadn’t Schaack done as much with the Anarchists? The precedent had been set and Dan would pay for his support of the police work that produced guilty verdicts and hangings. One glance at Hubbard and Dan could almost feel the noose being placed around his neck, the priest praying for his soul before the rumbler fell away from his feet. An American citizen might think he could speak freely, that he had a right to express his beliefs and opinions, but the First Amendment ended at the doorstep of anyone with a drop of Irish blood. What a lie it was, the so-called right of free expression. Rights denied in Ireland, and denied in a nation that was still enamored with England and its royalty and its nobility and privilege.
“Of a personal nature,” Dan said.
“Did it have anything to do with Irish secret societies?” Hubbard asked. “Who in the Clan na Gael would have had a reason to murder Cronin?”
“I couldn’t say, sir.” Perhaps the Chief thought he was being subtle, to trick Dan into implicating the members of the United Brotherhood. The theory was obvious, but the evidence was lacking. It would continue to be lacking if they thought they could rely on Coughlin to sing like a parakeet trapped in a cage.
“You must have overheard discussions during meetings,” Mayor Cregier said.
“I don’t recall hearing anything in that line at any Camp meeting I attended,” Dan said. “No one ever said a word about murder.”
“Where were you on the fourth of May?” Hubbard asked. He’d arrived at the station for the nine a.m. roll call, just like every other day. Smith approached him while he was standing outside and they had their meeting. He called in at Dinan’s, chewed the rag with the blacksmith. One day was so much like another that Dan couldn’t be absolutely, unequivocally certain of what else he had done on that particular Saturday. Somehow he had to dance around the questions but still seem cooperative. Somehow he had to avoid getting tangled in a web of words that prosecutors were so very skilled at spinning. To speak was dangerous; to not speak was no better.
“I don’t recall where I was most of the day,” he said. The truth was the best answer, one that could not come back to haunt him. He might have stopped at the Haymarket to witness the dedication of the monument to the fallen policemen, but he wasn’t certain. Any hesitation on his part would be taken as guilt. “I was at the station that night. Michael Whalen came to see Lt. Brennan before he left. That was the day the lieutenant was promoted to Secretary of Police. I was standing outside talking to Captain Schaack when Whalen came to help Brennan gather up his effects. Ran into Red McDonald on his way back from a funeral. Discussed the lieutenant’s promotion with Sergeant Stift. Then me, Whalen and the sergeant went to Gleason’s together for a drink. Drank a beer at Mahoney’s, went home after that.”
For most of the two hours that Dan was grilled, Schaack kept his gaze fixed on his boots. He rose when Lt. Elliott entered the room, moved his arm as if he meant to shake hands with Coughlin, only to catch himself and return to his seat. There was nothing that the Captain could do. He was the head of the East Chicago Avenue station, the leader of the Irishmen who took the law into their hands, according to the scenario painted by the press and the lords of City Hall. Schaack would not be a captain much longer.
“Looks bad for you, Dan,” Elliott said. He stood outside Hubbard’s office, his back to the reporters who were clustered near the lieutenants’ room at the opposite end of the hall, waiting with the breathless anticipation of Romans in the Coliseum who knew that blood was about to be spilled. 
“It’s just a misunderstanding,” Dan said. He could feel his shirt cling to his back, soaked with sweat. “I wasn’t anywhere near Cronin for months.”
“Here comes Barney Flynn, looking like a cat with a saucer of cream.”
Detective Flynn was the happiest man alive when he clapped Dan on the shoulder and informed him that he would be spending the night in the lockup. “They’ll tell the reporters you’re a witness,” Flynn said. “But we know better, don’t we.”
With that, Elliott took Dan’s hand and pumped it, a display of support and unity that was unexpected. One gesture, and the lieutenant conveyed the gravity of the situation, the meetings and discussions that occurred at the Harrison Street station and City Hall. Schuettler had been cozy with Hubbard and Schuettler had gotten the better of Schaack. Dan Coughlin was a stepping stone on the way to the top, crushed under the German’s oversized boot. “I’ll let your wife know,” Elliott said. The look he threw at Flynn was a dagger, pointed and sharp.
No handcuffs, no search, no nothing. Flynn walked down the hall with Coughlin as if they were a couple of pals on their way to a saloon. In the alley behind the station, Flynn held open the door of the paddy wagon while Dan climbed in, and then took a seat on the bench opposite. They were driven to the Harrison Street station, a short ride that gave Dan the opportunity to contemplate the origin of the phrase “paddy wagon”, another insult hurled at the Irish. Paddy wagons to hold all the drunken, brawling, murdering Paddys. At the booking desk of the Central Station, Flynn asked him to empty his pockets, only to put the two knives and the service revolver into his own pocket. “Can’t afford to buy your own knife?” Dan asked. His mind was spinning, his emotions raging between fury and terror. It took all he had to keep from shaking. “Here’s ten cents. You wouldn’t get it to my wife anyway.”
“Make jokes all you want, Coughlin, but they got the goods on you. Your pal Woodruff confessed.”
“And did he tell about the princess he met in the tower of the Auditorium Building, the one who let down her hair and he climbed up to the top?” Dan asked. “I think she was a roofer myself, working after hours to finish construction on schedule.”
The jail keeper put him an empty cell, locked the door, and walked away while Flynn bid a cheery farewell. Not thirty minutes later, the keeper returned alone, with a boxed lunch and a growler of beer. “Are you a religious man?” he asked.
“I go to church regular,” Dan said. “Want my daughter to be brought up right.”
“Now’s the time to pray for strength. They got nothing on you, son, but they can manufacture plenty. Ah, you know yourself. You were involved with the Haymarket case.” The jailer pulled up a chair, made a holy show about getting some answers from the prisoner, and then turned down the volume. “It’s war on the Irish in Chicago, Coughlin. You’ll do well to keep silent for all our sakes.”
“I swear to God, I don’t know anything,” Dan said.
Coughlin rolled up his coat to use as a pillow and stretched out on the hard cot. All he could think about was Maggie, alone at home, afraid, without her husband to protect her. What would Annie say if her da didn’t kiss her goodnight? Dan closed his eyes and saw Maggie sobbing, prostrate on the parlor floor with no one to there to comfort her. His eyelids flew open, to make the picture disappear, but his mind was filled with thoughts of his family, his innocent family being persecuted because the Irish were persecuted wherever they went. A bubble of anger rose in the pit of his stomach, a burning rage at the Protestants and the traitors who did their bidding. The Hubbards and Flynns of the world, the Cronins and Le Carons who were the root cause of injustice.
God forgive him, but he was glad that Cronin was dead. Glad that his worthless carcass had been thrown into a sewer because that was where he belonged, with the rest of the rats. The doctor had caused untold damage to the United Brotherhood, driven a wedge deep into the heart of the Clan na Gael until he opened up a chasm. Obeying the orders of those who had him by the balls, obeying his lust for the finer things in life that could only be had through illegal operations and the stipend of the informer, for all of that Cronin was convicted and executed in an act of justice.
Because of Cronin, the treacherous bastard, Maggie was suffering. Not for one minute would Dan again wonder if he’d been wrong to speak out against the traitor. Even Father Dorney had said as much when Dan met with him to talk about doing something for Mackie the newsboy and ended up making a confession to the priest. A single path lay before Coughlin, strewn with rocks and potholes, but it was the path of the righteous. Fight them. Fight them in their courts, fight them with everything he had, fight like the proud Fianna with the blood of warriors in his veins. Whatever it took, however dirty the fight had to be, Dan intended to win. He wouldn’t swing for a man who so richly deserved to die.



SIXTEEN


DAN


The following morning, he imagined that he looked like death warmed over, the screams of the drunks in the throes of the delirium tremens still ringing in his head. Breakfast was a bowl of warm porridge that he couldn’t choke down, accompanied by a mug of bitter coffee. A glimmer of his old life, of home and family, was brushed away as a weakness that could shatter his calm reserve and give way to emotion that had to be held in check.
He waited, but no one came for him. A bedraggled inmate slopped out the cell, a token of esteem from the jail keeper. At lunchtime Dan had a sandwich with the jailer, who engaged him in a brief conversation about baseball. At five, a plate of beans was served to him, and Dan feared that he might not be able to hold out. A gregarious man, he needed company and conversation, the jokes in the saloon after work. He had no work. His accomplishment, his rise from a copper mine to a position of respect, had crashed into a wall as solid as the stones of the lockup.
Restless, Dan paced the limits of the cage, counting the steps, counting the minutes that turned into hours. Some time after six, the calm became a storm. A muffled shouting match took place nearby, one man doing most of the arguing. The battle was at full pitch when a lock rattled and the door was opened, the squealing of the hinges almost muted by a loud declaration of rights being violated.
A very distinguished looking gentleman with a neatly trimmed black beard marched up to Dan’s cell, with the Harrison Street Captain right on his tail. A pair of deep set, dark eyes took in the prisoner and his surroundings, soft eyes that hinted at kindness mixed with a bulldog’s tenacity. “Mr. Coughlin? William S. Forrest, your attorney.” Mr. Forrest then turned to the Captain and continued what he had begun earlier. “Bad enough, sir, that you attempt to deny my client the right, as guaranteed under the Constitution of this land, the right to have an attorney present during questioning. In the face of constitutional amendment and numerous statutes which I would be happy to quote to you, my client is entitled to confer with his legal representative in private. In other words, Captain, you are required by law to leave us alone.”
The Captain’s bushy moustache twitched slightly, an indication that Mr. Forrest had gotten to him. Even so, he was operating under orders from those far over his head, and he wasn’t going to budge an inch. Forrest stood outside the cell, the Captain stood outside the cell, and two brick walls didn’t shift from their foundations. “You’d have to speak to Chief Hubbard, sir,” the Captain said with a shrug of his shoulders.
“I shall return shortly, Mr. Coughlin,” Forrest said.
Within the hour, Officer O’Neill from the East Chicago Avenue station appeared, a bundle of clean clothes draped across his arms. He informed Dan that his wife was holding up as well as could be expected, but Hubbard was bound and determined to keep any Clan na Gael-funded attorney from getting a writ of habeas corpus for Coughlin. They were certain up at City Hall, as certain as the sun rising in the east, that Dan would make a run for it the minute he was released. Therefore, he wouldn’t be released.
“They swear out a warrant already?” Dan asked. He held the shirt up to his nose, inhaling the aroma of soap and starch that smelled of Maggie on laundry day. Quickly, the shirt was over his head and the image of his wife leaning over the washtub was erased. From here on in, he would have to focus his every thought on his defense.
“Held up your lawyer as long as they could, waiting on a judge,” O’Neill said. “It wasn’t Mrs. Coughlin who hired Forrest, just so you know. I’ve heard he’s the best defense attorney in the city and Hubbard’s scared to death of what he might do.”
Feeling restored with clean linen next to his sweating body, Dan followed behind the police Captain who brought him out of the cell and up to an office. The gas lights were hissing, sending waves of heat into an already stuffy room. Mr. Forrest was fuming. Another man was there, a man Dan recognized from the police court at the East Chicago Avenue station house.
“Whereas, complaint in writing under oath,” Judge Kersten said as soon as the door had been shut. John Joseph Cronin, brother of the deceased, testified that there was reason to believe that Daniel Coughlin and Patrick O’Sullivan were guilty of the crime of murder. “This is preposterous,” the attorney said. “I have yet to meet with my client. I have been denied access to my client.”
“We’re moving him to East Chicago Avenue,” the Captain said. It was the end of the discussion.
From his cell in the lockup, Dan retrieved his dirty clothes, the full weight of the judge’s statement hitting him hard. He was up against a bigger enemy than he could possibly imagine. The ride in the police wagon back to his familiar stomping grounds was spent in silence as he tried to compose himself and collect his thoughts. He knew little of the iceman beyond a casual acquaintance that revolved around the Shufeldt Distillery case, had never been to the man’s home for that matter. Could it be that everyone who helped Dan with that case would now be implicated in the Cronin murder, in an effort to crush any further investigation? Then again, it was possible that O’Sullivan had been involved. Any number of men might be involved, all unknown to each other for the sake of secrecy. Anything was possible.
A crowd of fellow police officers and friends were waiting at the station, aware long before Dan that he would be brought in. They gathered around in front of the sergeant’s desk, shaking hands and offering their wishes for luck. “I’ll get out of this all right in a short time,” Dan said. “You know as well as I that I was here that night.”
In the little court room, Forrest pounced on the judge from the first. The People versus Daniel Coughlin could not proceed, in the attorney’s mind, because the prosecutor wasn’t there. Instead, the Harrison Street station’s Captain asked for a continuance of ten days, a stalling tactic that Forrest saw through with ease. The attorney said there were no witnesses, while the Captain mumbled that there were witnesses. Bail was requested and denied, the legalities debated in a chess match that was beyond Dan’s full understanding.
He was not going home, that much was clear. After the hearing concluded, prisoner and counsel were brought to Captain Schaack’s office for their first private conclave. It was early days, Mr. Forrest said, with the coroner’s jury not yet finished with their proceedings. And not likely to conclude any time soon. They had veered off topic, and were at present analyzing Alexander Sullivan’s financial dealings at the Board of Trade.
“Luke Dillon and his friends,” Dan said. “Still trying to prove that Clan funds were embezzled. Do you understand what this is all about?”
“I have been a great friend to Mr. Sullivan for many years,” Forrest said. “Mr. Coughlin, I assure you, I am well aware of what this is about. Everything in my power will be done to keep you from hanging. Do you understand how nearly impossible that will be?”
“Listen, I have witnesses to prove my whereabouts for that night,” Dan said.
“They will have witnesses placing you at the Carlson’s cottage in Lakeview where it is said the murder took place. It is Mr. O’Sullivan’s great misfortune to reside in a home behind that structure, a misfortune that you do not share, but take no comfort from it. They will have the press vilifying the Irish with greater vehemence than they already do. When the time comes, we will do our utmost to sway one or two jury members, to hang the jury if possible but to keep you from the gallows at the worst. Prepare yourself. It is highly unlikely that I will win an acquittal in this city at this time.”
Like a dumb ox, Dan stared at his attorney as if he hadn’t heard right. The best defense lawyer around believed it was an impossible case. Lucky if he didn’t hang, that was the best that Forrest could wish for. Maggie and Annie, the baby on the way, all would be left destitute, whether Dan was hanged or not. He only arranged for a rig to be hired. The rest, the hot air that he bellowed about Cronin’s treachery, it was no reason to hang a man. Camp No. 20 had never tried Cronin and the three men who had sat in judgment were not the sort of men who would ever get caught. They never were.
“God damn it, Mr. Forrest, but I’m innocent. I didn’t kill that bastard.” Dan clenched his fists until his fingertips dug into his palms. He opened his eyes, blinked, but this was not a nightmare and there’d be no waking.
“I know you didn’t,” the lawyer said. “We need to find others who would verify that fact. And we need to fight against powerful forces that are lining up against Alexander Sullivan, and you as one of his supporters. It will get ugly, it will get vicious, and I fear that innocent men will die. Pray God, Mr. Coughlin, that you are not one of them.”



SEVENTEEN


DAN


A cough rumbled up from Pat O’Sullivan’s throat, a deep wheezing that Dan recognized as bad lungs. The iceman was locked up two cells away and the first time they were released into the bullpen for exercise, Pat shadowed the police detective like a drowning man clinging to a raft. Little good Dan was, with his experiences. He’d always been on the other side of the bars, able to order a door opened so that he could walk out. He had no more idea how to survive the filth and pestilence of the Cook County Jail than Pat did.
“Never in my life,” Pat said as they walked in a circle, the shadow of the galleries accentuating a pallid complexion. “I’m a respectable businessman, a hard worker who’s not afraid of toil.”
Pat’s hands trembled as if he were cold but the bullpen was warm and stuffy, stinking to high heaven with a miasma of slop buckets and unwashed bodies. He jumped at every sound, terrified of the ruffians who lazed against the stone walls, menacing in their posture. Glad of a fellow traveler, he spoke openly of his innocence, of his confusion at having been arrested at all when he was home all night on the fourth of May, as his family and employees had told the police. Why the Carlsons had turned on him when he thought he was a good neighbor was a mystery.
“One of the men who rented that cottage, I saw him before in Camp Number 20, before I transferred to the Lakeview camp,” Pat said. “Of course I vouched for him when the rent was late and old man Carlson complained to me. I didn’t know a thing about the man’s sister who was supposed to be coming to keep house for him. That was the end of the rental, when she didn’t show up for two months, but what affair is that of mine?”
“What I’d like to know is why those miserable Swedes didn’t run to the cops when they went in and found blood splattered on the wall,” Dan said. He turned his head to blow cigar smoke away from Pat.
“Kept silent until the body was found, and anyone could have been in the place in the meantime. The cops found footprints made of paint on the floor near the front door. Small prints, a woman’s foot I heard. But do they ask Mrs. Carlson if she was up to something in that hovel?” Pat ran his fingers through his black hair, a nervous gesture. “My cousin hired a Mr. Donahoe to represent me. Says he’s a fine attorney.”
A shaft of sunlight cut across their path and Dan looked up to the windows above. The view he had from his cell, through those windows, afforded a glimpse of the stone wall of the opposite side of the prison. Not a leaf or a blade of grass, only cold stone. He would go out of his mind locked up like an animal. Stark raving mad, and Pat O’Sullivan right there with him.
After an hour of aimless walking they were returned to their cells on Murderer’s Row, where two guards walked the gallery, day and night. As he did every morning, Dan devoured the newspapers, studying each word that came out of the coroner’s inquest. There was a level of insanity contained in the reports, as if Cronin’s friends would identify any stranger they saw in the courtroom as the man who drove the doctor to his death, stated as much with absolute certainty even as the police verified the innocent man’s alibi. Lied with a straight face, just to see someone, anyone, hang. With nothing more than the biased prose of journalists, Coughlin had to determine the identity of the heartless bastard who had set him up, and the list was a long one. He was deeply involved in Chicago politics, where friends might come and go but enemies accumulated.
“Someone from Michigan to see you, Coughlin.” Barney Flynn stood on the gallery in front of Dan’s cell, his hand clamped on the arm of a young man who was clearly scared to death. There was a look of triumph on Flynn’s face that turned Dan’s stomach.
“Will Smith, I’m sorry to see you under these conditions,” Dan said. “Did that job work out for you over in Riverside? Real estate is a tough game.”
“You see, I told you I was working in Riverside,” Will said to the policeman and then repeated it to Flynn. Turning back to Dan, he said, “You were right, I wasn’t cut out for it. I’ve been out of work for the past two months.”
“Is this the man who asked you to rent the rig?” Flynn asked.
“No, he isn’t. He doesn’t meet the description I gave Captain Schaack. I’ve known this man since I was a boy and the man who took the rig was a stranger to me.” Dan wondered who else would be dragged in, what other unfortunate who was acquainted with Daniel Coughlin would be falsely accused and interrogated. “Go back to Michigan, Will, as fast as you can.”
“I swear I’m innocent,” Will said as he was escorted back the way he’d come. “I came to Chicago four years ago and I haven’t seen Coughlin for months. Months.”
Before Dan could return to his reading, the jailer unlocked the cell, pulling the door open with a head-splitting screech. “Visitor for you,” he said.
To his surprise, Dan found that his former partner, Michael Whalen, was waiting in the visitor’s room. He pounded a clenched fist against the metal grating of the cage when Michael told him about Schuettler’s vendetta that had swept through the East Chicago Avenue station, a mass dismissal of Irish policemen. Whalen was one of them, guilty of being Irish and guilty of being a member of Camp Number 20. And guilty of being the first cousin of Pat O’Sullivan. Before Michael could say anything more, Pat was brought down from his cell.
“Dear God, it wasn’t something I said when they questioned me at the Lakeview police station that lost you the job, was it?” Pat said. “They made my head spin with all their questions. Did I dig my own grave, Michael?”
“They tripped you up,” Michael said. “Mr. Donahoe won’t be putting you in front of a jury, you can count on that. They’re too clever for us, those prosecutors, and if you’d had Mr. Donahoe with you, he’d have kept your mouth shut for you. But what’s done is done.”
“The papers are full of lies,” Pat said. “Just this morning I read that I wanted to make a confession to Captain Schaack but I never said any such thing to the State’s Attorney.”
“Longenecker is on a fishing expedition and he’s using lies as bait,” Dan said. “If he could get one of the real perpetrators to believe there’s a confession, he thinks he’d snag his big fish.”
“Don’t we all know the men who killed that stinking stream of piss are long gone to parts unknown,” Michael said. “Have you two noticed that the reporters aren’t allowed to speak to you? Nor that lunatic Woodruff, who’s nothing but a fountain of lies. They don’t want your side of things to get out and sow seeds of doubt.”
“It’s Luke Dillon’s doing, acting as John Devoy’s agent in Chicago,” Dan said. “At the bottom of all this, I’ve no doubt it’s Devoy trying to get control of the U.B. and drive Aleck Sullivan out. He’ll trample us into the dirt to get what he wants.”
The discussion was interrupted when Dan saw his wife enter the visitor’s room with a look of deep distress creasing her forehead. She caught a glimpse of her husband and at once a bright smile flashed, a mask that she donned for his benefit. Twice every day she arrived at the jail, bringing Dan’s meals, clean clothes and fresh bedding that helped keep the vermin at bay. For as long as she was permitted to stay, she brought him a substantial dose of cheer and hope. This time, she brought Dennis Coughlin.
Shoulders slumped by a heavy burden of worry, the old man nodded at Dan but did not meet his gaze when asked about the health of his second wife. There it was, unspoken, the truth that Dan had shouted out when his father proudly announced his intention to take another wife with the first one not yet cold in her grave. Twice widowed, the blowsy Mrs. Kelly proved to be the buccaneer that everyone in Hancock said she was. It was hardly a love match after all, and Dennis was left to repent in leisure. Being right made no difference to Dan. All that mattered was that his father was there, in spite of the gulf between them.
“Thank you for coming,” Dan said. “This is not how I wanted to meet you again, face to face, to offer my apology for the things I said.”
“As you explained in your letters. We’ll not speak of it again. There’s urgent matters at hand, son,” Dennis said, waving his arm to indicate the horror that surrounded them. “Ed Ryan has organized a defense fund for you and it’s well subscribed. You’re not to worry about your family. I’ll be at Maggie’s side until this is settled.”
A pair of women greeted Maggie as they passed her chair. Michael Whalen’s sister-in-law carried herself erect, ferocity emanating from the set of her jaw. The other woman, much younger, was possibly Pat’s sweetheart but Maggie had only just made her acquaintance and wasn’t certain. Peering through the metal grate, Dan followed their path until his view was blocked by bars. He considered speaking bluntly to his father about the defense strategy, but held his tongue when he spotted Captain Schuettler and Corporation Counsel Hutchison hovering within earshot. No conversation would be private if the prosecutor’s spies were nearby.
“From what Mr. Forrest tells me, the grand jury is running in every direction trying to pin a prominent Republican to the crime,” Dan said. His father was familiar with Aleck Sullivan through their work in the United Brotherhood. “The evidence isn’t there. But the State’s Attorney is leading them, and we can’t tell which path he’ll choose.”
Cutting through the din of the visitor’s cage, a woman’s strident voice rose up as if she meant to be heard from the Lakeview to Packingtown. “Don’t say a word to them, Pat.”
“Mrs. Whalen,” Maggie whispered, a satisfied smile on her face.
“Keep quiet and don’t do a thing to help them,” Mrs. Whalen continued. “They’ve got nothing on you or anyone else in this city, the eejits. Filthy English dogs. Not one word will fall from our lips except to heap the devil’s own curses on their heads.”
The buzzards who had been circling near Maggie moved swiftly, with noted attorney Luther Laflin Mills on their heels. Dan had only to follow Maggie’s eyes to realize the trio had pounced on Mrs. Whalen, who was not behaving as they might have wished and failed to encourage her relation to make a full confession. The fact that they were loitering close by the prisoners and their visitors could only mean that they hadn’t uncovered any evidence at all to back up their theory. Dan took no comfort from such a development. It was easy enough to formulate a new theory built on evidence at hand, to weave the hangman’s noose from disparate threads that fit and discard the truth that didn’t.
Mr. Mills and Mr. Hutchison were having no luck in proving that Mr. Sullivan had embezzled funds, as Dr. Cronin had insisted when he delivered his minority report at the last Clan na Gael convention. The lords of the press were treating that report like it was a revelation from God Himself, rather than proof of the man’s insubordination. If anything, the coroner’s jury was learning that Mr. Sullivan speculated his own money in the grain market, not Clan funds. Not much longer, then, until the attorneys abandoned that tack and stopped using Cronin’s mad ramblings as evidence.
Then they’d come after someone else, the birds they had in the hand. One of those birds was a policeman who had a clean record, who was well-respected by his superiors, and who was at the station house on the night of May 4. Dan stopped listening to his wife, his thoughts returning to the excuses made for the four men who had been hanged within the walls of the jail three years ago. Four men who did nothing but express their anarchist sentiments. Four men who never threw a bomb, never killed a policeman, never encouraged anyone to kill. Those four men were dead and buried.
“So you tell them nothing,” Mrs. Whalen said.
“Madam, if you continue to harangue the prisoner in this fashion,” Hutchison barked, “I shall see to it that you are not permitted visiting privileges again.”
“I’ve a right to speak as I wish, and I’ll speak my mind if I like. Go home and bully your unfortunate wife,” Mrs. Whalen said. “It’s clear that you’re too much of a coward to bully someone of your own sex and size.”
Escorted by the jailer, Mrs. Whalen made her exit with her head high and her posture declaring victory. The dust-up concluded, Maggie turned her attention to her husband, a hint of tears in her grey eyes. “God knows you’re innocent, Danny,” she said. “Keep Him in your heart and don’t despair. Keep your faith strong and we’ll come out of this stronger.”
“I’m worried about the baby,” Dan said.
“I’m taking good care of your children,” she said. “The one who’s here, this one who’s on the way, and all the others yet to be.”
He was no fool. Giving up Aleck Sullivan was no guarantee of Dan’s freedom, but it was a sure thing that if he opened his mouth, he would be putting ropes around countless Irish necks. Not stupid, but not a brilliant man, he feared that he might not be able to outsmart the prosecutors who were keen to see anyone hanged, to appease the public’s appetite for vengeance. Annie beat on the metal grate with her tiny hands, demanding her father’s attention, asking for her Papa. With a start, Dan realized that her third birthday was only two days away. Two days. A lifetime. Dennis shifted the girl to his other arm, to calm her when she grew agitated. Powerless. His manhood had been taken from him. 



EIGHTEEN


ALECK


If the coroner’s inquest could not try him, the newspapers would, and they had reached their verdict long before Cronin was dead. Every word implied that Sullivan was the ringleader of a vast conspiracy that was meant to murder the doctor because the gentleman had uncovered some devious doings in the United Brotherhood. The devious doings were all on Cronin’s part, of course, but the dead man had influential friends who were driving the prosecution. Luther Laflin Mills was on board the legal team, one of Cronin’s most adoring disciples, and it was obvious that the trial would be as inequitable and unfair as anything the British did in Ireland. By the time that the trial started, every literate man in Chicago would have to believe that the prisoners at the bar were guilty, and no amount of rhetorical persuasion would change their tiny minds.
The Cronin faction concocted excuses, based on nothing more than their opinion, that Cronin’s oath of loyalty to the Queen when he was a member of the Canadian militia had no bearing once he became an American citizen. The fact that Cronin lied repeatedly about the dates he entered the militia and arrived in St. Louis, and his blatant falsehoods when applying for naturalization, were swept away as if the facts did not exist.
Reporters treated Dan Coughlin’s frequent visits to the law offices before the last election as evidence of conspiracy, when in reality the detective was a leader of the patronage army that did Sullivan’s bidding. Once the election was over, the frequent calls stopped, and that was well before the fourth of May. In the minds of the prosecutors, the most normal activities had to be framed as evidence of wrongdoing so that they could win a case. Innocence or guilt mattered little.
Luke Dillon was a clever one, to orchestrate a funeral that was so elaborate it beggared belief. More pomp than was accorded the martyred President Lincoln, the sickening display marched from the Armory to Holy Name Cathedral, and the Clan na Gael turned out in force to show that they were good boys who should not be punished. The overblown news coverage tainted the jury pool, yet a change in venue was never going to be granted.
Bad enough that Cronin was treated like a holy man in death, but the stupidity that was aired at the coroner’s inquest gave a clear indication of how far John Devoy, through Dillon, was willing to go to rule the nationalists. The idiotic desk sergeants at the East Chicago Avenue station could not tell the difference between the name Sullivan and O’Sullivan, mixing them up in an attempt to put Coughlin and the iceman in the heart of the conspiracy. Add to that the credence that  was placed on the so-called testimony of criminals who had a grudge against the detective, and it was looking very grim indeed.
Aleck rang up his lawyer, to prepare for what he knew was coming. Devoy’s creature would not settle for a few small potatoes, not when he wanted the whole crop. The defense would cost a small fortune, but money was trickling in slowly. The prominent Irish- Americans were lying low, terrified that they might be rounded up and tossed into jail so that Dillon could flesh out his skeleton of a conspiracy. They could not risk a public subscription for a defense fund, and shifting large sums was not easily done with an army of snooping Pinkertons on the loose.
The lawyers exchanged pleasantries and fell into a conversation that centered around the investigation. “A fiendish conspiracy,” Fred Trude said, quoting a headline. “Not, mind you, a Clan na Gael conspiracy, not just yet. You’re right, Aleck, they do want your head on a platter.”
The trial of Alexander Sullivan was being heard in the daily papers rather than a court of law. The newspapers were driving the investigation, their reporters ferreting out clues like a crowd of amateur detectives. Every crank was treated as legitimate, so much dust thrown into the air that it was impossible to see the truth. Because of Luke Dillon’s outrageous testimony at the coroner’s inquest, it was a certainty that Sullivan would be charged in the Cronin murder case. In all their careful planning, they never foresaw how deeply Aleck would be dragged into the morass. The level of hatred towards Sullivan was greater than anticipated.
“Finances are thin at the moment,” Aleck said. “I need to borrow a considerable amount of money, which I will back with the deed to my home and lot. Would you consider such an offer with the stipulation that Mrs. Sullivan and I then rent it back from you? As long as she lives, and then you would do with the property as you please. You understand, of course, that I would not wish to bring any notoriety to my wife.”
“A bit extreme, is it not?”
“Even that may not be enough. We are desperate for cash. I cannot allow Detective Coughlin to be made a scapegoat for John Devoy’s grasping. He will not pay for my lack of foresight. Will you at least consider it?”
“Of course, if I can be of any help. Whatever resources I possess, I place them at your command.”
“No, it is not your responsibility. I have an asset that I would like to put to use. At the same time, I would not see my wife put out of her home.”
“Let us see how the situation plays out. If it does become necessary, then I shall do all I can to suppress the deed for as long as possible.” Fred paused for a moment, with only the electrical crackling of the phone wires to fill the empty air. “Was it worth it?”
“Even if I should have to go begging in the streets. For the sake of the United Brotherhood and the preservation of the Land League, it was well worth it.”
“Our friend Dillon has taken it upon himself to lift the veil of secrecy for all members,” Trude said. “Fancies himself its head already. I’ve heard that he’s incensed about the funds that are being raised for the defense. He is countering with fundraising for the prosecution. God help us, Aleck, but I don’t know if we have the manpower to defeat his mighty army.”
* * *
“A spy has no rights,” Margaret wrote him, quoting William Butler Yeats. The poet found it a “very becoming thing to remove” Cronin. She had seen a great deal of the literary lion since arriving in London to drum up support among the nationalists, and hoped to make use of his pen for their cause. Unfortunate, that she would receive sad news when she returned to her home and learned it was no longer her husband’s property.
When the time came, Margaret would not hesitate to sign away her dower rights. She understood what was at stake, even as she gathered information in London regarding Parnell’s situation while reassuring Mr. Davitt’s representatives that their identities and actions would never be made known. If she were to shed a tear, it would drop for the sake of two innocent men who were being railroaded, men who were such fanatic nationalists that they would risk their freedom so that others might be free.
The windows of the house were wide open, to capture the cool breezes that blew in from the lake. Aleck ate a light supper at his desk; with Margaret in Europe he had little interest in sitting at their dining room table alone. He read the evening newspapers with a short whiskey at hand, finding little more than paragraph after paragraph of character assassination. All his friends and allies, tarred with the same brush, all implicated in a vast conspiracy to kill a good and honest patriot. How did a man counteract the lies without owning his own newspaper and directing its editorial slant?
The publishers were biased against the Irish and the Catholics, it was the same tired story repeated over and over. Anything that could be thrown at a downtrodden race was flung with glee, and Luke Dillon played into their hands for his own purposes. Pushed to the edge of the precipice, Sullivan had no choice but to fight to the bitter end. Those who might have been allies were already being culled, punished for not cooperating with Chief Hubbard’s grand schemes of glory. Captain Schaack was suspended and his rival Schuettler put in his place. Police officers from the East Chicago Avenue Station who had not read their lines from Hubbard’s script were dismissed and their membership in the Clan na Gael taken as a sign of complicity in a murder. It was a reign of terror that was being waged, an attempt to silence those who would support the defendants.
The strain was wearing him down, sapping his strength when he needed every bit of it for the battle that was coming. Already he had lost the first round. Judge Tuley and Judge Tuthill would not be hearing the case. Luke Dillon’s operatives were seeing to it. God only knew what other cards the conniver was hiding up his traitor’s sleeve. Trusted sources informed Aleck that the Times of London, with an agent and a bank account in Chicago, would do everything in its power to see Sullivan convicted, as retribution for the aid he had given Charles Stuart Parnell in winning his libel case against the newspaper. So power-hungry was Devoy that he would embrace Ireland’s enemies in his concerted effort to be rid of Sullivan and his supporters.
For several nights, Sullivan reviewed case law to help the defense attorneys plan out their strategy, grateful for the support of his law clerks who toiled at his side. They were debating a possible legal maneuver when a loud knocking interrupted their thoughts. The clerk who answered the door announced a caller for Mr. Sullivan, in a voice that quivered with warning.
After adjusting the gas light in the entryway to a dim glow, Aleck opened the door to a pair of police officers. “Officer Palmer, sir, and I have a mittimus for your arrest, Mr. Sullivan,” he said. He fidgeted, nervous, as if he expected the lawyer to bolt from the nearest window.
The foyer of the house was hardly a fitting place to be arrested. Aleck brought them to the parlor and stood near the fireplace, away from the outside noise that sometimes rattled through the windows. He had to hear every single word, and hear distinctly.
The coroner’s jury had decided that a conspiracy, perpetrated by members of Camp No. 20 and no other living beings on Earth, led to Patrick Cronin’s murder. As far as the jury was concerned, many Clan na Gael members were unwilling to testify, therefore, the Irishmen of the Clan na Gael were guilty. Alexander Sullivan was one of those known conspirators who were available to be locked up, although the prosecutors were hoping to nab others in the future. Obvious, then, that the plan was to bring in a few and make them talk, to reveal identities that the police could never hope to discover without a squealer. Let them rely on Frank Woodruff, who had nothing to do with Cronin’s execution. All that the common criminal was good at was parroting what he read in the newspapers, and without a newspaper to furnish his material, he would fall silent. The Irish brethren would take their secrets to the grave.
“Would you allow me to remain here tonight in your company, Palmer?” Aleck asked. He had much work to do, to come from behind when State’s Attorney Longenecker had such a large head start.
“I can’t do that,” the policeman said.
Leaving instructions with his clerk to send clean linen to the jail, Aleck put on his coat and hat while the policeman remarked on the lawyer’s composure. Of course he was composed, as he had no reason not to be, other than the fact that the police had arrived in the middle of the night and that was beyond the pale. Before he walked out of his front door he climbed to the first landing where a large statue of the Blessed Virgin was housed in a niche. He kissed the outstretched plaster hand, prayed for strength, and squared his shoulders. When his neighbors saw him from their posts on their front stoops, acting as silent witnesses to another injustice inflicted on the Irish, they would see a bold Fenian man who would not go meekly.
Longenecker was moving fast. Aleck would have to move faster. As soon as he was booked and locked in a cell, he stretched out on the cot and closed his eyes, pretending to be asleep. His mind was working at a breakneck speed, composing the wording of a writ of habeas corpus, to be delivered to Judge Tuley before the State’s Attorney could block the move. It would be a matter of questioning the basis on which Sullivan was held, as the hearsay of the coroner’s jury would never be permitted in a court of law. There was no testimony given that placed Aleck in the vicinity of the murder at any time. Judge Tuley would have an easy time of it, without being questioned too heavily as to his personal loyalties.



NINETEEN


DAN


When the grand jury failed to indict Alexander Sullivan for lack of evidence, the focus turned to Coughlin. After months in jail, not a single confession had been extracted, and those who failed to implicate Sullivan would be made the perpetrators. Dan could hear the voice of the police chief when he read anonymous quotes in the papers, all lies meant to implicate him in the court of public opinion. He was made the ringleader of an evil cabal, the leader of men he scarcely knew. Senior Guardian Beggs was arrested because he was the Senior Guardian of Camp No. 20, from whence sprang the conspiracy. The idiot Martin Burke was arrested because Mrs. Conklin was shown his picture and Burke became the man who rented the murder cottage and drove Cronin to his death. John Kunze, one of Dan’s informants on the Shufeldt Distillery case, had no idea why he was on trial and Dan could only guess that the Whiskey Trust was somehow involved. There could be no doubt that Captain Schuettler and Chief Hubbard had concocted a scenario and they had done a fine job of peddling their snake oil as truth.
From the start, the trial was a circus. Five defendants and seven lawyers could not agree on a court date, and even that became a legal joust between Mr. Forrest and State’s Attorney Longenecker. Not that Mr. Longenecker was alone at the prosecutor’s table. Cronin’s friends had hired some of the best prosecutors that money could buy, an unfair advantage that did not seem to trouble anyone except for the city’s Irish population. Luther Laflin Mills and William Hynes considered Cronin one of their closest friends, a stellar light in the Irish firmament. There would be no disinterested third party to determine guilt or innocence once the trial was underway.
“Longenecker tells me I won’t be charged with anything if I come in and make a statement,” Kunze said to Dan as they sat at the defense table, waiting for their attorneys to reach a consensus. “I come in, and he arrests me. I have done nothing.”
“So that’s how it’s going to be,” Dan said. Lies, lies and more lies. A request for a separate trial had been summarily denied. A request to move the trial out of Chicago had been laughed at. He turned his attention to Mr. Forrest, only to find that the noted defense attorney was making no headway at all.
“To be fair to my client, Your Honor,” Mr. Forrest said, “we must be granted a continuance. The defense is finding it nearly impossible to prepare our case. We have called upon witnesses, and they have told us that their lips have been sealed by the State’s Attorney and by Captain Schuettler. What right has Mr. Longenecker to say a witness shall not speak, to seal his lips from the attorney for the defense?”
English justice for Irish people. Dan’s father had said as much to him in the jail, to warn him. Be prepared for trickery, for violations of the rules that the judge will ignore because it suits the government’s purpose. To his credit, Mr. Forrest was prepared to deal with such a situation as best he could, by having his objections placed into the record. Forrest didn’t think it was possible to win the case in Cook County, even if God Himself testified that Dan answered truthfully to every question put to him. Every move the attorney made was intended to bolster an appeal.
Being cooped up in a cell for months on end, sickened by the putrid air, Dan found that his composure was giving way. The attorneys wanted to stall, to let emotions cool, but every delay cost money and there was only so much of that to go around. The defense fund could not count on the meager donations of the housemaids and the butchers, the miners and the day laborers, when they had but little to spare. Already Maggie had tapped into the family’s savings, to cover everyday living expenses. Night after night, sweating in his cell, Dan worried about a future that was uncertain, or non-existent. A man who had always said his prayers, he found that he was pleading with God, fervent supplications that floated up to heaven every minute of every day.
“Listen, the cost of the grip,” Dan said to his wife as they whispered through metal bars. “A dime here and a dime there adds up.”
“Are you telling me to stop coming to see you?” Maggie asked. “There’s a point where the marriage vows don’t hold, Danny, and you’ll not be obeyed, so don’t tempt me into sin.” She rested her cheek against the clammy metal and spoke as softly as she could. “The conductor on the North Avenue car lets us ride for free. He says it’s Mr. Yerkes’ donation and there’s no need of the old skinflint to know he’s contributing so generously.”
Her fingers poked through a gap in the grating and Dan touched her fingertips with his. A sob caught in her throat, a sob that Dan felt in the pit of his stomach. For all her cheer, her smiles and sunny outlook, she could not disguise the dark circles under her red- rimmed eyes. Her pregnancy only made matters worse, adding to a burden that was heavier than any woman could carry.
“You’ll want to be sure to read the interview with Pinkerton in today’s newspaper,” Maggie said. She was adept at changing the subject.
“What did the illustrious Mr. Pinkerton have to say?” Dan asked. Fine. If she wanted to change the subject, who was he to deny her the opportunity to ease her mind for a few minutes.
“Shot his mouth off about the Chicago detectives. Called them incompetent, the conceited prig. Highly critical of their methods,” she said. “He didn’t think it was smart of them to talk to the news reporters so freely.”
“I’ll bet Hubbard pitched a fit when he heard that,” Dan said. And he would take it out on those who remained on the force, increasing the pressure. For the cops on the beat, the detectives wearing out shoe leather chasing down clues, it was a grave insult.
“There was something else he said,” she continued. “That the defendants won’t get a fair trial.”
“He’s right about that,” Dan said. He leaned his head against the metal grate, rested his head that felt so very heavy. “Every crank with a wild story got a hearing and the men who are going to be called to serve on the jury will have their heads filled with nonsense before we even start. No judge can erase their minds by telling them to ignore what they read. I’ve been tried and found guilty in the papers, Maggie. That’s what we’re up against.”
“Mr. Forrest told me that you won’t get a fair trial anyway,” she said.
“Luke Dillon’s pulling the strings and he’s got John Bull’s judge to hear the case,” Dan said. The honorable Mr. McConnell, yet another descendant of the Ulster Plantation, represented a group with a particular hatred for the Irish Catholics who never yielded to Protestant rule. Could any man be less qualified to determine the guilt or innocence of men who wanted to dissolve the United Kingdom?
The jailer announced that visiting time was over. Dan kissed the grate near her fingers, his love flowing across empty space. “Good night, darlin’. Kiss Annie for me. Take care of yourself and the baby. Mr. Forrest will let you know when we’re going to court. The bailiffs are good eggs. They’ll be sure you get a seat behind the defense table.”
“You’ll come home to us soon,” she said. “This too shall pass.”
“Maggie, listen, you have to understand that I won’t skate because Mr. Sullivan escaped John Devoy’s snare. If anything, I’m worse off. I have a lot of enemies in City Hall, and the Whiskey Trust is a powerful group. They haven’t found the killers and they’ll make it hot for me.”
“But you’re innocent,” she said. Her hand rested on her belly, the hint of a bump forming.
At that very minute, the Cronin army was holed up in offices across the city, feeding lines to willing witnesses and rehearsing them until the stories were flawless. Only after the witnesses were deemed ready would they be allowed to speak to the defense lawyers, repeating words put into their mouths by the prosecution. Tampering with witnesses was against the law, but the men breaking the law were the ones who made the law. Dan could only smile at his wife, at her innocence. He could never tell her the truth. It would kill her spirit, and probably harm the baby she was carrying.
“It’s a sin, how they lie in the papers,” Maggie said. “And Mr. Hynes claims he’s a Catholic. The Holy Eucharist must burn on his tongue when he takes Communion on a Sunday.”
“A lot of sins are being committed, but those men don’t worry about sins when they think they’re holier than God.”
He lingered, to watch her bustle sway as she walked the last few steps to the door. A news reporter who was hanging around the visitor’s cage called out to her, something about her husband making a confession. Sweet-natured, gentle and kind, the scribes had taken a liking to her. With a smile, she stated with unwavering confidence that her husband was innocent. He had nothing to confess.



TWENTY


ALECK


The Land League and the Irish immigrants in France had been as generous as they could. Aleck counted up the receipts from cash and checks that Margaret brought home from her trip abroad, and then tabulated the potential cost of a top- notch defense. His wife checked the figures, with a hope that he had miscalculated.
“Mr. Beggs can carry his own weight,” Aleck said. “Through his clerk he let us know that he can mount part of his defense on his own, reducing the over-all cost. Only in the worst circumstances will he call on the United Brotherhood for help.”
“Mr. Burke was provided with the means of escape yet failed to take advantage of what was given,” Margaret said. The poor fool had received funds to get him to Canada and then England, but a man with no more brains than a canary had dawdled too long, only to be caught. He didn’t even have sense enough to pretend he didn’t know the Chicago policeman who identified him in Winnipeg. “That leaves us with Mr. O’Sullivan and Mr. Coughlin. Three attorneys between them. A very involved case.”
“Burke has Senator Kennedy until the gentleman can no longer afford to provide free legal services. A worthy cause, to stand up for the easily led who are left in the lurch, but even so. Impossible to act pro bono for an extended period. Wing’s taken a personal interest in the case, and Forrest is willing to donate some time, but he has a family to support.”
Margaret took a turn around the parlor, tapping her finger against her lips as she thought. “You’ll have to prioritize.”
“I can’t ignore O’Sullivan at the risk of alienating his cousin. Michael Whalen is an important witness for Coughlin’s whereabouts.” “It’s said they stole away Captain Schaack with a promise to safeguard his pension,” Margaret said. “Another six months before he’s fully vested and he won’t be making the slightest ripple in the cesspool when he’s called to the stand.”
“No, he’ll stammer and stutter as he did at the coroner’s inquest and before the grand jury.” Aleck found it odd, however, that the Captain made a complete fool of himself on the stand, damaged his reputation in fact. For some reason, he must have wanted to protect Coughlin, but would never go far enough to serve Aleck’s purpose. There’d be no further aid from Schaack.
“Poor Mr. Coughlin. It’s being said in Irish circles that any police officers who can vouch for the man’s whereabouts are afraid of being arrested as part of the conspiracy if they dare to speak out.” Margaret sat for a moment before returning to her perambulations. “Mr. Coughlin has something on Mr. Schaack, mark my words.”
“A case of respect and loyalty, I think.” Aleck looked over the numbers again. He agreed with Mr. Forrest, that the trial would be a lengthy one. “I see no other choice than to marshal our funds towards Mr. Coughlin’s defense. I owe him that much.”
“He does have a family to support,” Margaret said. “Should we be forced to sacrifice someone, would it not be preferable to do all within our power for the one who is married?”
Things never would have come to this point if Cooney had done what he said he would do. The idiot. And to bring in a man like Burke, an imbecile. The perfect plan had been undone by an inability to follow orders to the letter. Whoever was hired to clean up the house and paint the place couldn’t even manage that simple task. Judging by some of the evidence presented to the grand jury, a woman was believed to have been in the cottage when the paint was wet, a woman who tracked paint on the floorboards of the foyer. Where was the sense in expecting a woman to paint a room in a quick but thorough fashion?
It wasn’t difficult to find a hole in the ground when the location was described in detail, but Cooney’s underlings failed to stumble on the prepared burial spot. Like dominoes falling, one on top of the next on top of the next, until those with nothing to do with the execution were arrested while those who did the killing ran free. So careful, to select only single men for the heavy work, to avoid having to find money to support a widow and orphans. All that care went for naught. For want of a nail, the nursery rhyme went.
“I’ll see to it that Mr. Forrest and Mr. Wing are paid on time and in full,” Aleck said. “David and Donahoe will have to take what they can get and make the best of it.”
His head ached with the stress of battle. The manipulating, the lies, the aspersions; so blatantly wrong and so obviously anti- Hibernian, yet not even Margaret had managed to persuade one of her colleagues in the press to point out certain facts that were beneficial to the defense. Frank Woodruff, the wretch who had confessed, showed a particular skill at modifying his confession to suit the ever changing cast of characters that appeared in newsprint. Even so, his words were taken as facts, while the men who proclaimed their innocence were castigated for not confessing. For anyone to trumpet American justice as the most blind had to be blind. How could an honest man admit that the evidence against Coughlin or O’Sullivan was anything more than grudges carried to the extreme? How could a reasonable person see Woodruff as anything more than a crank who belonged, not in the County Jail, but in the insane asylum?
Whether or not Forrest had the ability to overcome such severe handicaps would soon be seen. The trial date was set. The Chief of Police and Captain Schuettler would bring everything they had, the full weight of their power to be applied against the men who had suffered the horrors of imprisonment for four months but had not uttered a single word. They could not say very much, in any case. Not one of them knew what Aleck and the Executives knew. Not one of the men under arrest for the excision of the cancer that was Cronin had any idea who had actually performed the life-saving surgery. Cooney the Fox was long gone. The others, known to Cooney, had melted away like the blocks of ice that Pat O’Sullivan once sold.
“Shall we say the rosary now, dear?” Margaret asked.
He followed his wife to the niche on the stair landing, where their rosaries were dangling from the hand of the plaster Madonna. Margaret knelt and Aleck followed suit. He would ask her to wake him early, to join her at morning Mass. Let Devoy and Dillon make use of earthly forces. Aleck would call upon the power of God to bring justice to the good men who followed in the shadow of Lord Edward Fitzgerald, Robert Emmett and James Stephens, heroes of Ireland.
* * *
The power of prayer opened his eyes the following morning. With the Holy Eucharist on his tongue, Aleck asked for guidance, for the route he might take to obtain justice. It came to him to as clearly as if God had written it on the inside of his eyelids. Political discussions appeared in his thoughts, debates as to who would be the better candidate for a given office. One of his clerks noted that the foreman of the grand jury that handed down the indictments in the Cronin case had been slated. He was running on the Democrat’s ticket for Recorder, a plum job that was not offered to just anyone. Mayor Cregier and State’s Attorney Longenecker had it within their power to offer a man an elected post in return for a favor on his part, the favor granted as soon as the jury delivered as ordered.
While Aleck lacked that sort of control, he had influence in several other departments, and could offer various paying positions that did not require a campaign or an election. Not all jurymen were so well off that they could seek elected office. Such a panel was made up of ordinary citizens, by and large, the sort who might find a situation as revenue clerk or building inspector to be far superior to their current occupation. What man with a wife who longed for the finer things would willingly pass up several hundred dollars? It was done all the time, in every court room in the city. The bailiffs received their piece of the pie, the juror his, and so the wheels of justice were oiled.
Turn their own weapons against them, defeat them by playing their game. Complete vindication was too much to ask, considering the level of antipathy that existed in the city. At the very least, Aleck would save his soldiers from the hangman’s noose. Better that the jury be hung instead and seeds of doubt sown in the minds of the citizens before a second trial could get underway. Given time, the press could be brought around to question the ability of police and Pinkertons to find the actual killers, the men with blood on their hands, and thereby taint the jury pool in the opposite direction.
He had his strategy. The difficulty rested in pulling off one conspiracy on top of another, in locating friends of the defense who could lie about such a friendship and remain convincing under voir dire. Such a task was nearly impossible, but the lives of five men depended on it. The only way to fight injustice was with injustice. He could buy off jurors as easily as the prosecutors could.
Tampering with the jury would have to be done in a way that spared his partner Mr. Windes further inconvenience. The gentleman had been dragged through the mire by the grand jury because of his association with Sullivan and Aleck had no desire to damage his friend’s reputation or position as Master of Chancery. Someone else would have to volunteer, someone who was expendable. A law clerk who had asked for references so that he might open his own practice in the western territories would suit the bill to perfection.
Mr. Graham came into the office when called, always eager to perform whatever task was set before him. He was bright, with a prodigious memory that Alfred Trude would sorely miss, but a chap did not become a law clerk with an intention to remain in his post forever. Aleck asked him to take a seat and opened with a string of compliments and wishes for a bountiful future.
“As to your letters of introduction,” Aleck said. “By taking part in this attempt to bring a level of fairness to the trial, in light of all that has gone before, do you understand that you may arrive in Boulder as another man altogether?” 
“Depending on who signs the letters, sir, I see no difference,” Graham said. “I would be just as happy to practice under the name of Jones as I have been to clerk under the name of Graham.”
“Mr. Kerwin and Mr. Tuohy think highly of you,” Aleck said. Industrialists of high social standing who kept their noses very clean would be above suspicion. Wherever Mr. Graham landed, he would not be connected with Aleck Sullivan.
The clerk nodded, acknowledging the stellar quality of the credentials. Through Sullivan and the Irish nationalists, he had excellent contacts in Boulder and Leadville. The restless young man would be well placed out west, where he might run for public office, after establishing his legal practice, and then realize his many dreams. First, however, he had to earn the reward.
“As you may have heard, Judge McConnell has grown weary of the endless procession of special verniremen through his courtroom. Attempts to pack the jury by the prosecution have been upended by the maneuvers of the defense.” Aleck folded his hands on the desk and leaned forward, to speak in the utmost confidence. “Their next plan is to change the rules of the game. Beginning with the next roster, the attorneys can no longer use a peremptory challenge to dismiss a candidate because he holds a prejudice against the Clan na Gael.”
“The prosecution turns on the new conspiracy law, does it not?” Graham asked. He was the sort who loved the law, as an ordinary man might love a beautiful woman and place her on a pedestal to be worshipped. “Rather blatant injustice, in my mind. A party to a conspiracy fomented by the nationalist organization being judged by those who believe that the organization is operating outside of the law. So much for a fair trial.”
“Precisely. It is Mr. Forrest’s intent to ask for an end to this special jury pool, which of course McConnell will decline. The prosecution cannot risk a friend to the defense slipping in through regular channels.”
“You are about to ask me to see a certain gentleman on Lake Street,” Graham said. “Names must be added to the bailiff’s list of select jurymen.”
“We shall miss you, Mr. Graham. Your insight. Your ability. Mr. Trude’s loss shall be Colorado’s gain.”
“To be honest, Mr. Sullivan, I don’t see much chance of success,” Graham said. “The State is dismissing anyone with an Irish name, and I’ve not heard of a single Catholic being empanelled.”
“The last, best hope is to rely on personal friendships. One of the bailiffs in our mutual friend’s pocket will have to find a friend who is willing to cooperate out of a sense of greed and not out of a sense of patriotism. One thousand dollars is a great deal of money. In addition, I can offer clerkships in City Hall or a bailiff’s job at the court house. We must get one or two men on our side or the case may well be lost.”
“I will have to become accustomed to a new name,” Graham said.
“Compose those letters at your earliest convenience, with whatever appellation you choose,” Aleck said. “I’ll get them to Kerwin and Tuohy at once. And I’ll say good-bye to you now, Mr. Graham. I expect that when you leave us for the last time, it will be an abrupt departure.” 



TWENTY-ONE


DAN


For weeks, veniremen were brought into the courtroom and sent back home. The wags at the newspapers cracked wise, making jokes about the defendants dying of old age before the trial would start, but Dan didn’t find it funny. All his life he had believed in the promise of America, in the concept of fairness and equality, but it was growing more and more obvious that he would not be tried by a jury of his peers. How could it be, in a city with a sizable population claiming Irish ancestry, that not one man of Irish heritage was acceptable to Mr. Longenecker?
A sick feeling gnawed at Dan’s stomach, day after day. It was the Molly Maguires all over again. Innocent miners who dared to speak out against the mine-owning aristocracy had been judged by a jury of their enemies, with not a single Irish face looking back at them from the jury box. The aristocracy that would yield complete control over the United Brotherhood meant to do the same to him, and not one newspaper editor took note of the bias.
The defendants and their lawyers met in the attorney’s room at the jail, not a private space but a large room where all prisoners held conclaves with their counsel at the same time. So many men, all talking at once, created a level of noise that made it difficult to hear, while the forced togetherness precluded any sort of intimacy. The only benefit was that Dan had the opportunity to speak to Pat, who had been moved to the boy’s section where the air was better, out of concern for the iceman’s failing health. It gave Dan a chance to assess Martin Burke, who had been told by attorneys in Canada to keep quiet, and the lad was following orders to the letter. As for John Beggs, he kept himself apart from the others, knowing that his case was the weakest and he might have to sacrifice his colleagues in misery if he were to be acquitted.
“We have a limited number of challenges to wield,” Mr. Donahoe said to all. “Our intention is to keep the most prejudiced men off the jury.”
“It boggles the mind, doesn’t it, to see how many men take the word of the newspapers as sworn testimony,” Pat said. “They’ve already found us guilty, and not just a chance we might be, but their minds are made up and nothing will change it.”
“What concerns me greatly is the number of men who have stated plainly that they would not trust the word of an Irishman,” Mr. Forrest said. “Too many of them to be mere coincidence. At some point, we’ll run out of challenges and Longenecker will pack the jury to his heart’s content.”
“What will we do then?” Dan asked. The miners from the Molly Maguires trial had been hanged. The prospect of his death kept him awake at night.
“Appeal. It’s our best hope. What sets us apart from the Crown courts and what’s done to our brothers overseas,” Mr. Donahoe said. He was a red-headed son of Ireland, a fierce nationalist who held his cards close to his vest.
The daily back and forth from the jail to the courthouse to the jail was nothing more than another nerve-wracking experience on top of the already overwhelming tension. Since the end of May, Dan had not felt the sun on his face or the wind in his hair. The iron bridge that connected the jail and the courthouse was nothing more than another cage, where birds did not sing, rain did not fall, or cool breezes lift the oppressive heat of the jail cells in August. Many a day Dan was confined to his cell, too sick from the putrid stench of hundreds of slop buckets. Hell existed on earth, within the walls of Cook County Jail. The priest’s advice, to offer up his suffering to God, required more strength of character than Dan possessed.
“This too shall pass,” Dan told himself every morning as they marched across the bridge to the courthouse. He didn’t know he was saying it out loud until Pat agreed with him.
“I know that I should take consolation from the fact that Mr. Woodruff’s trial has been severed from ours,” Pat said. “They found that he was lying, didn’t they, and isn’t it a matter of time until the truth arrives?”
“This too shall pass,” John Beggs said. “Pass out of this courthouse and up to the Appellate Court. It shall pass to the State Supreme Court, and by God it will not end until President Harrison is shaken from his torpor by those who brought in the Irish vote.”
The Senior Guardian, a clever lawyer in his own right, was gathering errors to lay the groundwork for a future appeal, so sure was he that the trial would be a farce. Another trial, then, but neither Dan nor Pat nor Martin were wealthy men. How would they pay for attorneys to file those appeals and plead before the court? Once Pat had used up all the proceeds from selling his horses and ice wagons, where would he find the cash? Dan might have more resources to draw on, but the cupboard would eventually be bare, and there was still the matter of Maggie, Annie and the new baby to consider. Where John Beggs found hope, Dan found another level of hell.
To keep his mind off the future that looked increasingly bleak, Dan prayed the rosary while the attorneys grilled the potential jurors. The same questions were asked, with the same results. Mr. Longenecker would accept a candidate, and then Mr. Donahoe, Mr. Forrest or Mr. Foster would show that the gentleman had his mind made up and wouldn’t listen to the evidence. Let a man show favor with the Irish nationalist cause and he’d be sent packing by Longenecker. The same went for veniremen who wouldn’t vote for death in a case based entirely on circumstantial evidence since that wasn’t what the prosecutors were looking for. An army marched in, and an army marched out, day by day by day.
The only indication Dan had that the seasons were changing was based on Maggie’s clothes. It was October, the air most likely getting crisp because she had Annie bundled up when the family arrived in the courtroom for another voir dire. Mr. Forrest was on his feet before the next panel was brought in, to demand that he be given the names and addresses of the prosecution’s witnesses so that the defense could interview them. As if on cue, the bailiff announced that the court was adjourned until one, and Mr. Longenecker jumped to his feet like an actor playing his role.
“Tell me, sir, are the witnesses being sent into hiding so that we cannot find them where they are supposed to be?” Mr. Forrest asked. 
No answer was forthcoming, not with the bailiffs busy at their duty. As he was escorted out of the courtroom, Dan scanned the room, aware that something was up but not at all sure what was different. It was after lunch that he had his answer. The bailiffs who brought the prisoners back to court were not the same men who had brought them out of the court an hour earlier.
Sweat trickled from his temples. “Where’s Hanks?” Dan asked the new bailiff.
“Bad bit of business,” the bailiff said. He hung his head and sighed. “Indictments come down this morning. Jury tampering. Bad business. Worst of luck.”
The shock sent Dan tripping over his own feet. Next to him, John Beggs slumped into his chair as if he were melting in the heat of a disaster. “Every man who hates the United Brotherhood will hate us all the more now,” John said.
“God have mercy on us,” Pat said.
“The press will turn this into accusations that the fix is in and all that prejudice we’ve faced all our lives will come back at us with the force of a hurricane,” Dan said.
“There’s the luck of the Irish,” Martin Burke said, an idiot’s grin on his face. “Wouldn’t it have been grand if it’d succeeded? We’d be in clover, sure.”
The shepherd’s pie that Maggie brought for dinner bubbled up in Dan’s throat. In the back of his mind, he recalled the soldiers who came back to Hancock from Atlanta and Richmond and Appomattox, broken men who watched the little boys play at soldier with tears in their eyes. Dan had been one of those boys, oblivious to the reality of war. He was in the middle of a battle, now one of those soldiers who obeyed the orders of his superiors. Whether it was Alexander Sullivan or Michael Davitt himself who wrote up the battle plan for Camp Number 20, either gentleman would have hoped that his strategy would save his troops from slaughter. But good men died in wars, no matter the best intentions or strategies of the generals. In the form of bailiffs with ready money to buy off some jurors, the reserves had been thrown in to rescue a besieged corps, only to be captured themselves. What was left, then, but to wait for the State Supreme Court to ride to the rescue, and hope that the voices of the Irish voter could be heard in far-away Ottawa.
For nearly half an hour they were held in suspense when the State’s Attorney failed to return from the break, until McConnell’s bailiff came into the room and passed along a message to the judge. With intense gravity, McConnell declared that the court was in recess. A bailiff touched Dan on the shoulder and he nearly jumped out of his skin.



TWENTY-TWO


DAN


A weak link in the chain. That’s all it took. One of the bailiffs accepted Longenecker’s offer of immunity and squealed, giving up names and the details of the bribes to be offered. And there were the reporters, trying to paint Bailiff Salomon as an untrustworthy Hebrew. No matter his faith, not when any man facing five years in jail was promised a route that kept him out of prison. Saved his own hide, did Mr. Salomon, while the Clan na Gael was pummeled without mercy. Always looking to implicate Alexander Sullivan, Mr. Longenecker went after the attorney’s stenographer, but the young man was a rock and never budged from his position of complete innocence. Mr. Trude’s law clerk, who was heavily implicated in the scheme, jumped bail and vanished off the face of the earth.
Dan pored over the newspapers after the attempted jury rigging had come undone, seeking the faintest glimmer of hope. They’d ended up with the most prejudiced, close-minded men that could be found in the County of Cook, and not one person would speak up for the innocent defendants. Where was the outrage over Longenecker packing the jury with unpaid goons? Hiding in the cottages of the landless Irish, in the hovels of the miners and the butchers, where the immigrants gathered; there would be found a bubbling cauldron of outrage that could only be brought to bear in a ballot box. Dan lacked the luxury of time, however, and he feared he’d be dead before the next election could save him.
Maggie took particular care in selecting his suit and tie for the first day of the trial, although he noticed that the suit was hanging on him. What Dan pretended was daily exercise was more like a wild animal pacing in its cage, back and forth in the bullpen or his tiny cell, hours on end, wearing his body away. The miasma of the jail had done its worst, robbing his cheeks of a healthy glow and erasing the flesh from his bones.
An actor knew what to do with his hands when he came out on stage. Dan had only been in court as a witness for the prosecution, so what was a defendant supposed to do? He fidgeted with his watch chain, tugged at his moustache, rubbed his chin where the jail barber had shaved a little too close. While the bailiffs moved to their chairs behind the prisoners, Dan scanned the room, locating a large group of supporters from Michigan and Chicago. Behind the bailiffs sat Maggie and Dennis, with Annie squirming on his lap. Dressed in their Sunday best, they presented the image of a respectable family, the relations of an innocent man.  The child’s face lit up when she saw her papa, her big blue eyes sparkling while she reached out with determined longing. Maggie took Annie, to settle her down, and the fear that creased his wife’s brow put a chill through him.
Mr. Forrest bent over and touched Mr. Donahoe on the arm. “Play to Culver,” he said, and canted his head towards a juror who was holding a small Bible. He was the only one of the twelve whose lips betrayed a slight smile, his gaze on Annie lasting only an instant.
The usual procedure was followed, with the court rising and the judge entering, the roll of jurors called. Who could keep from studying the jury when the lawyers were already picking out those most likely to be swayed? All Dan saw was a wall of stern and unmoving features, a backdrop of anti-Irish sentiment that had been clearly expressed during voir dire. They were as cold as the British who threw their starving tenants onto coffin ships to be rid of them, who turned their backs on profound misery. In their chests were not human hearts but chunks of granite.
Poor Pat O’Sullivan had the look of a hunted animal, cowering at the table. Mr. Beggs was not looking well at all, but he hadn’t been the same since he failed to win habeas corpus or get his trial severed from the group. The idiot Burke might just as well have been sitting at a baseball game for all the attention he was paying to the proceedings. To represent Patrick Cooney, a thief known as The Fox, a chair sat empty when it would have been fitting to seat the photograph that Schuettler had shown to the Carlsons. The old Swedes had picked Cooney out of a large and blurry group picture, and Dan knew that the German’s thick finger was doing the pointing, indicating a known criminal who managed to skirt the law at every turn. Alone and without an attorney was little Mr. Kunze, who had a tendency to jump to his feet and demand to know why he was on trial. No idea what charges he was facing. Could American justice fall any lower than it was at that moment?
At the prosecutor’s table, State’s Attorney Joel Longenecker shared space with Luke Dillon’s hired posse. Mr. Hynes, Mr. Mills and Mr. Ingham were pro-Cronin to the core, as opposed to Alexander Sullivan as their dead icon had been, and determined to gain complete control of the United Brotherhood for John Devoy. He who controlled the Irish vote in Chicago controlled Chicago, and the three private attorneys who joined the public prosecutor were intent on gaining complete control.
Longenecker opened with a long speech that defined murder in its many legally binding definitions. He had a way of speaking that captivated his audience, the twelve men who held Dan’s life in their icy grip. Every other word was “conspiracy”, repeated over and over like a hammer pounding the notion into twelve receptive skulls. As for the motive that lay at the foundation of the attorney’s argument, he unfolded the Clan na Gael like a blanket and covered the eyes of the jurymen, blocked their vision so that all they could see was Clan na Gael in all its dark and dangerously anti-American horror. He’d be the type to stand before the Founding Fathers and tell them they were criminals for revolting against British rule, engaging in a conspiracy to break up the precious Empire.
Mr. Sullivan was mentioned in passing, with an implication that he was behind it all, but did one of the jurors notice that Mr. Sullivan was neither indicted nor on trial? If he was the ringleader, why not put him on the stand to testify? “We will prove,” Longenecker said, “that Coughlin was seen going into the Carlson cottage.”
Dan recalled with clarity the so-called evidence that had come up at the grand jury. Someone with an axe to grind had claimed to have seen him on the night of May 4 with Pat O’Sullivan, but it wasn’t that night that he’d met up with the iceman and Kunze. The prosecutors had chopped up memories and boxed the pieces into a solid plot. Witnesses had been drilled so thoroughly that they would repeat the same story again and again, certain in their minds that the distorted picture was the reality and not a lie created by the State’s Attorney.
Each defense attorney declined to give an opening statement. What would they say, anyway? It’s all a lie, there was no vast conspiracy. Set these men free. Do you really know what sort of man Cronin was? We will show you that he was an abortionist, a man of expensive appetites with inadequate income to pay for it. A traitor who sold out his fellow nationalists to feed his greed. A force of destruction who swept through the Canadian militia and the city of St. Louis like a tornado, leaving broken boys behind.
“Coughlin went along the street saying that Cronin was a traitor,” Longenecker said. “Then Coughlin, who sat on the committee which expelled Cronin as a traitor, abused Cronin.”
Coughlin exercised his rights as guaranteed under the First Amendment, a traitorous document written by traitors to the Crown; there was a sentence that would fit snugly into the State’s Attorney’s statement. Speaking out was conspiratorial, sitting on a committee that heard evidence of a member’s misconduct was conspiratorial. He was painted as the ringleader of an evil cabal for the crime of expressing his opinion in a private meeting.
“All that treason consisted of was the fact that he had read a circular protesting against the work of this Triangle , this trio of Executives, that was robbing these men of their food,” the attorney pontificated.
“I cannot regard that as proper comment in this case at this time, Mr. Longenecker,” the judge broke in.
The very fact that Cronin read his minority report after being ordered not to was proof that he was hell-bent on destroying the United Brotherhood. He ran wild through the organization, disrupting and infuriating his superiors while alienating the rank and file. With a flash of insight, Dan realized that Cronin had destroyed his life as well. Nothing would be the same again, nothing could turn back time and reclaim the lost months or erase Maggie’s hardship.
The initial buzz died down by the time the opening statement was concluded. Prosecution began by calling its first witnesses, who all described finding and identifying the body, based on a misshapen finger because decomposition had altered the physical appearance. Whoever had done the killing must have been stupid, to dump a body in a catch basin that was regularly cleaned out. Stupid men who were clever enough to make their escape, so who was the stupid one, Dan wondered. He shouldn’t be sitting at the defense table, facing a charge of murder when he never killed the man. No wonder that Pat O’Sullivan’s hands were shaking.
* * *
There were days when the news reporters could be heard snoring from their posts in the gallery, so dull and plodding was the testimony. Often individual jurors looked to be napping, chin in hand, eyes fluttering in a fruitless attempt to remain open. No matter how boring, Dan focused on every word, searching for the lies and the mischaracterizations that he could dissect with Mr. Forrest. Even something that seemed insignificant could prove essential to securing an acquittal, and he wasn’t letting anything get past him.
The conspiracy theory enveloped Dan when Pat Dinan was called to the stand.  Ever since the white horse and box buggy had been broadcast as the infamous rig that carried Cronin to his death, Dinan had been earning one hundred dollars per week from the dime museum that displayed the old nag. As long as the public’s interest remained, the animal would bring in more money that it ever had before, and all by doing nothing. Nothing but lying.
“Can you identify the man who rented the white horse and box buggy?” Mr. Luther Laflin Mills, friend of Cronin, asked Dinan. The witness proceeded to describe Martin Burke, yet he had described someone else entirely to Captain Schaack. Under cross-examination, Mr. Forrest tried to call Dinan on the discrepancy, and the livery man denied every word that the Captain had written down in his notebook. The only way to beat back that sort of testimony was to top the dime museum’s fee, but who had that kind of money?
“When the police brought the horse and buggy to Mrs. Conklin, she said it was not the same horse and buggy, is that not correct?” Mr. Forrest asked.
“Objection, your honor,” Longenecker shouted.
“Mrs. Conklin failed to identify the rig,” Mr. Forrest said, only to be drowned out by Longenecker, Mills and Hynes screaming out their objections.
“Sustained,” the judge said.
The skeleton of a conspiracy was fleshed out by Cronin’s pals, who sent a steady stream of German and Swedish witnesses to the stand. Put through their paces, they exhibited remarkable feats of memory. Someone who couldn’t remember what they had for dinner two weeks earlier was able to recall the night of May 4 in minute detail. In marked contrast, however, the testimony of members of Camp No. 20 failed to corroborate any conspiracy being born in a meeting in March, April or May. No evidence existed that showed a secret committee had been formed, let alone met and rendered a verdict. One juror had to believe the word of an Irishman, or none of the evidence mattered.
The weight of perjury piled onto Dan’s shoulders until he feared he would be crushed. Those who recalled seeing him in a saloon near the Carlson cottage had probably seen him a month before, getting Kunze drunk so he could get his hands on the Shufeldt Distillery documents. The claim that he had often phoned O’Sullivan was flat out wrong. He had called Alexander Sullivan. He hardly knew the iceman, having run across him at a few Camp meetings until O’Sullivan transferred to the Lakeview Camp. Three of the State’s witnesses were criminals who had been arrested by Coughlin, miraculously transformed into upstanding citizens who claimed that the detective had tried to hire them to knock out Cronin. How did a man prove what was not, when the word of an Irishman was worth less than the babblings of a felon?
Every day Dan came into court with his fellow defendants. Every day Maggie sat with his father, Annie at her side. Every day, she wept as her husband’s character was ruthlessly beaten to a pulp. With faith in Mr. Forrest’s abilities, Dan sat through the ordeal with his head held high. He had only to turn his head slightly to the right to watch Pat O’Sullivan shrink into a specter of a man, a pile of dry bones and dust that would be swept into the penitentiary without any fuss.



TWENTY-THREE


ALECK


Over meals, in the parlor, in bed, all Aleck and Margaret seemed to talk about was the Cronin murder trial. Thanks to a friend in Longenecker’s office, Aleck received daily reports and copies of the transcribed testimony so that he could be of some use to Forrest and Donahoe. The case was impossibly convoluted, due in no small part to the prosecutor’s desire to develop a conspiracy theory and sell it to the jury. It required little salesmanship. The list of veniremen had been carefully constructed to give the defense little choice but to hope for the best out of the five men they approved. There was precious little that anyone could do to improve a very bad situation.
Sullivan was careful to avoid McConnell’s court room when he had business at the courthouse. One look at him in the audience and the jury would have dashed out to cast their guilty votes then and there. He spent more time meeting with Judge Tuthill and Judge Tuley, who were a ready source of gossip that gave some insight into McConnell’s mind.  In that mind, they said, was a notion to grant Longenecker a little leeway so that the vile Irish with their secret societies and Molly Maguire anarchists would learn a lesson. A reminder of the Pennsylvania trial sent a chill through Aleck that he could not shake.
“Let Forrest throw up as much dust as he can during the defense,” Judge Tuley said. They spoke in low tones, certain that someone would try to listen through the keyhole of Tuley’s chamber door.
“He can’t stall so long that the election will be over,” Trude said. “And I don’t see what Carter Harrison could do once we get him elected mayor.”
“Undermining the public prosecutor’s office would be next to impossible,” Sullivan said.
“The State’s case against Beggs is so thin it’s little more than tissue paper,” Trude said. “You can be sure that they dragged him in, thinking he would squeal.”
“He could squeal like a stuck pig from now until the end of time and Cronin’s cronies would be as much in the dark as they are at present,” Tuley said. “In regard to Burke, the court would be doing him a favor by locking him up.”
“O’Sullivan is seriously implicated because of Burke,” Aleck said. “But the blame lies entirely in the one who recruited him in the first place.”
Almost daily, the newspaper headlines proclaimed that O’Sullivan or Burke or Beggs had confessed. The leaders of the United Brotherhood were not fooled by the sensationalism. The best that the news hounds could do in regard to Coughlin was to claim that his wife asked him to make a clean breast of it, but there had never been the slightest suggestion that the former detective came close to admitting anything besides his innocence.
The rumors that Mr. Hynes whispered in the ears of the reporters were not having the desired effect, judging by his recent complaints to John Devoy about the marked disparity in funds collected for the defense as compared to the prosecution. Aleck had received copies of the attorney’s correspondence via a mole planted in the gentleman’s office. Nothing that Hynes said or did would be kept secret, and Aleck found it significant that Mr. Hynes understood that the larger collections for the defense was a clear indication that Michael Davitt controlled a larger army than Devoy had at present. To turn those patriots into loyal followers of John Devoy was the goal, yet all of the tall tales that Hynes concocted did nothing to win the hearts of the Irish-Americans or diminish Sullivan’s influence.
No better measure of support, and no situation more annoying to Devoy’s group than the continued existence of Alexander Sullivan outside of a jail cell. How long before Mr. Devoy noticed that Tom Desmond had left San Francisco and was currently scooping up support in Washington for Davitt and the Land League, while Luke Dillon was bogged down in his personal vendetta against Sullivan? A lengthy trial played into the Land League’s hands, keeping Dillon off their playing field and granting them a decided advantage.
They lacked imagination, the lot of them. The prosecutor’s hired hands were furious when the investigation into jury tampering resulted in a winding circle that never led to the scheme’s organizers or bag men. All that Longenecker could do was pull out his thick mop of hair, while John Graham established himself in Colorado under an assumed name. Small minds, unable to envision a vast network of nationalists that spread across the globe, united in a desire to free Ireland at any cost. There was the true power of unity. If only Mr. Dillon and Mr. Devoy would wake up to the fact, stop fighting from within and come into the fold. Home Rule would be settled law in Ireland, rather than an abstract debating point.
“That brings us to Coughlin,” Trude said. “The only one of the group who could damage our organization.”
“The only one I would stake my life on,” Aleck said. “He will never reveal our secrets.”
“What are the chances that they’ll be given the death penalty?” Tuley asked.
“Who can say?” Aleck said. “This conspiracy law is too new to have been tested and so much depends on the mood of the jury. The packed jury.”
“Then we should concentrate our efforts on finding judicial errors for the appeal,” Trude said. “And exercise patience, Aleck. Emotions are running hot. We must postpone until the public’s attention is drawn elsewhere.”
“Should the World’s Fair committee succeed in winning the event for Chicago, what better time to have the appeal heard?” Tuley said. “The excitement that will be generated by their planned spectacle will clutter up the front page and Mr. Coughlin can disappear into the back pages.”
“Making it necessary to get them separate trials,” Aleck said. “Which we failed to do already.”
“Come up with an unimpeachable reason for an appeal and I’ll see to it that Tuthill hears the case. He’d be willing to go out on a limb and find some excuse to deny the prosecutor’s request,” Tuley said. “Gained a very positive impression of the Irish when he served in the First Michigan Light Artillery. We’ll save your boy’s skin, Aleck. Provided Mr. Forrest saves his neck.”
“You might begin by having a long talk with Mr. Spelman,” Trude said. “He was damaging to Coughlin before the grand jury. His memory had better fail him before he takes the stand at the trial.”
The District Officer of the United Brotherhood had testified that Daniel Coughlin called out Cronin as a spy at one of the Camp meetings, when he should have kept silent. The damage was done, leaving a sudden and complete loss of memory as the only solution, brought on by a reminder that the same forces that kept Spelman’s miscreant son out of jail could be re-directed in the blink of an eye. What was said in a meeting was said in confidence, with the understanding that a man might speak his mind and openly debate matters of importance to the nationalist cause. No one had a right to reveal the secrets, and Spelman should have known better. Spelman, however, was afraid, like so many others who were terrorized by the threat of incarceration or inclusion in the roster of murder suspects. Finding willing witnesses for the defense was proving difficult.



TWENTY-FOUR


DAN


They were the bravest of brave men, the members of Camp Number 20 who testified. Not one of them could be cowed into helping the prosecution. Mr. Hynes, Mr. Mills, Mr. Ingham and Mr. Longenecker tried to force false memories into Irish minds, but no one would say that they had seen or heard anything like the prosecutors wanted them to have seen and heard. Even Andy Foy, who had grown a thick skin as a dedicated nationalist in Belfast, maintained a good-natured facade under a barrage of verbal abuse. What else could he have done but laugh when Longenecker suggested that his testimony would not be believed because the bricklayer was a member of Camp Number 20? Andy would have been believed if he’d said there was a conspiracy, there was the truth of it. Denying what had never been was taken as lies by a biased jury. The right of assembly guaranteed under the Constitution was to be ignored in this trial.
The coal stove threw but little heat, yet the room was stuffy, the air close. Dan wiped perspiration from his forehead and shivered at the same time. O’Sullivan’s business card was introduced, the card that was used to lure the doctor to Lakeview. Based on what he knew from testimony, Dan suspected that Justice of the Peace Mahoney had more to do with the business card getting into Cronin’s office on the night of May 4 than Pat. Mr. Mahoney, however, was too respectable to be doubted when he painted an image of a normal business transaction that he arranged between Cronin and O’Sullivan. It was his idea to use the card as a means for Pat’s employees to signal to the doctor that they had been sent by O’Sullivan. That made Pat another pawn in a deadly chess game. Would anyone step up to refute those whose faulty memories would be used to place Dan in the vicinity of the Carlson cottage when he wasn’t there? Was Dan being moved about the board as well?
* * *
As the cold November wind blew through the open windows, Dan had only to consider the changing scenario that came about when Dr. Cronin’s clothes were found in a sewer, weeks after the trial had begun. During his opening statement, Mr. Longenecker had pointed a finger at Burke and told the court that the defendant had gone to a shop and had a tin box welded shut, acting suspiciously the whole time. That box held the doctor’s clothes, the State’s Attorney claimed, and the garments were on their way to England to be planted as evidence that Cronin had escaped across the ocean.
“So much for the tin box we heard so much about,” Dan grumbled to Mr. Forrest. The stink in the courtroom was nauseating, but Longenecker insisted on leaving the moldering pile on the table.
“And what of his assertion?” Forrest replied. “Dead and buried, long forgotten by the jury. A minor point, Mr. Coughlin. Best to drop it and concentrate on more pertinent issues.”
Every man for himself; Dan didn’t have the luxury of considering the other defendants. For the sake of his family, he had to save himself, and if that meant stepping on one of the men seated with him, by God he’d marched over them and not look back. 



TWENTY-FIVE


DAN


The prosecution closed and the defense was given two days to prepare, a clear indication that McConnell was doing his utmost to keep justice out of his courtroom. Every minute of those two days was used to the fullest. Not only did the attorneys have to discuss matters with their clients, but a system between all of them to impeach as many witnesses as possible had to be organized. At the same time, once the trial resumed, the lawyers would be fighting to save their clients, even at the risk of sending another man to his death. “There’s little that can be done to save us,” Pat said, as much to himself as the other defendants seated around the table.
“That milkman, the one who didn’t speak English,” Dan said. “The cops brought him into the jail to identify Kunze and they made sure that he was surrounded by taller, bigger men in the bullpen.”
“I have my doubts as to Bailiff Santa’s translation from the German,” Mr. Forrest said.
“Does it really matter?” Mr. Donahoe asked. “Every witness they’ve paraded on the stand is under orders not to speak to us.”
“In addition to those who admitted under oath that they lied to us when we did question them,” Mr. Forrest said.
“I’ll tell you about the washerwoman who said she saw you, Dan, with Kunze, standing outside the cottage when the murder took place,” Pat said. “She’s a known liar and there’s no one in all of Lakeview who’d believe a word she says. Will you impeach her testimony, Mr. Donahoe? Do you think the jury will go on believing her? Because if they don’t, they’d have to believe the Irishmen who’ve spoken up. God help us but they’d rather believe German lies than Irish honesty.”
“It was Schuettler who told them all to lie,” Dan said. He turned slightly in his seat, to see how Maggie was faring with the disgusting odor of Cronin’s mildewed clothes. She was big with the baby, well into her eighth month. “He needs a conviction to move up in the police force and those twelve illustrious gentlemen over there want anyone other than an Irishman in a high post.”
Cleaning house, like Michael Whalen had feared all those months ago. If Schuettler had his way there’d be no Irish cops walking the streets of Chicago. How else to explain the prosecutor’s insistence that Pat had telephoned Dan? Normal police business became murderous intent, and the whole Shufeldt Distillery case was so much hot air that floated right out the windows and disappeared into the soot-laden city. Men who had planted bombs in the distillery were getting away with a deadly crime and no one seemed to care. 
Each witness who tried to vouch for one of the defendants was asked where they had been on the night of May 4, a chilling reminder to all who might dare to step forward. The question also served to taint the testimony, with the implication that the defense witnesses were criminals themselves.
“What sort of overcoat do you own?” Mr. Mills asked one of Pat’s helpers. Nervously, the chap answered, only to be told that the man who drove the doctor to his death had worn just such an overcoat.
“How long have you owned this coat?” Juror Culver asked, and the witness went red in the face, fear dripping from his temples. Maggie coughed, as if the stink was choking her.
From time to time, one of the prosecutors would make a snide remark and draw laughter from their pals in the jury box and the press corps. This was all a big joke to them, a stretch of funny business that was necessary to put the required gloss of legitimacy on the proceedings. Who could fail to notice the sneer when an alibi witness was asked, “Are you a member of the Clan na Gael?” Some were. Some were not. None of it mattered.
Giving a job to a friend from Wisconsin, where Pat owned a farm, was suspect. An old acquaintance coming to visit was suspect. Going to a saloon on the day after Cronin’s disappearance became the day of his disappearance at the hands of Longenecker, and Pat’s cousins, the Hyland brothers, could swear on a stack of Bibles that it was a Sunday night they’d gone for a drink but the jurymen closed their ears. They heard nothing beyond “member of Clan na Gael” or “Irish secret society”.
Policemen familiar with courtroom procedure would never buckle under such verbal theatrics. Men who faced fear every day would never be made to quiver by a prosecutor with soft hands and polished shoes. Dan was feeling good about his chances when he met with Mr. Forrest after court adjourned for the day. To his surprise, his attorney wasn’t sharing the sentiment.
“You are well-acquainted with a Mr. Connelly and his wife, I’ve been told,” Mr. Forrest said. “Mrs. Connelly thinks highly of you. This warmth is well-known among your friends?”
“She’s a good friend of Mrs. Coughlin,” Dan said. “You don’t need her testimony, do you? After what Longenecker did to O’Sullivan’s relations, I can’t believe she’d take the stand.”
“Mr. Connelly has spoken with me and Mr. Wing.” Mr. Forrest leaned over the table so that he could share a confidence with his client, in a room bristling with attorneys and defendants jabbering in loud voices. “He swears that you were with his wife on the night of May 4 and had been having an illicit affair.”
Enraged, Dan pounded his fist on the table. “That’s a lie. I never touched another woman after Maggie and so help me God but if he says that in a court I’ll wring his neck in front of the judge and the jury and go to the gallows with a smile on my face.”
“She wishes to testify, under oath, Mr. Coughlin, that she was with you.” The attorney’s dark eyes bored into Dan with a look so fierce that Dan feared his lawyer was about to quit the case out of disgust. “Taking the blame for your sin on her soft shoulders, I might add, to detract from any animosity that might otherwise come your way.”
Light dawned in Dan’s befuddled mind. A close friend was willing to embarrass himself and disgrace his family name for the sake of an acquittal. It was too much to ask, and as far as Dan could judge, wholly unnecessary. He had been hanging around the station house until ten o’clock at least, and he didn’t need Mrs. Connelly to give him an unsavory alibi. “I appreciate the offer, Mr. Forrest, but I can’t go along with it. Nobody needs to lie on my account. Besides, Mrs. Coughlin is due any day. I couldn’t put her through an ordeal like that.”
“Mrs. Coughlin is completely aware of it,” Forrest said. “I’d suggest you think about it before dismissing an alibi that cannot be easily refuted. Do you think those jurors would fail to heed the word of a respectable, married woman when she confesses to something so appalling? You may not have noticed, but on ladies’ day, you are quite the center of attention, Mr. Coughlin. So think it over. Carefully.”
He was ready for a fight when his attorney took the floor the next day and called the first witness for the defense. It was high time that the perjury and flat-out fantasy of the prosecution’s case be shown for what it was, and Forrest was just the man to lay out the evidence in an orderly fashion. First, he would put Dan in Lakeview as a police detective doing his job, and give John Kunze a bit of an alibi at the same time. As it was, the poor lad was represented by Mr. Donahoe out of sympathy and you couldn’t expect too much when you got your lawyering for free.
The jury was thoroughly disinterested in John Kunze’s former landlord, who lived within blocks of the Carlsons. He confirmed the fact that Dan had been using Kunze as an informer, that he had reason to be in Lakeview to speak to Kunze, but there was no buzz of interest, no alert gazes fixed on the witness. If anything, a couple of them looked to be dozing in the heat of the stuffy courtroom, as if they didn’t need to hear another word to reach a verdict.
Having established a reason for Coughlin to visit Lakeview and associate with Kunze, Mr. Forrest turned his attention to Captain Schaack and Judge McConnell did his best to prevent the Captain from speaking. “What was the description given by Dinan of the man who drove the white horse?” Forrest asked. Not a man who looked like Martin Burke, Dan knew. Schaack as much as refused to say, forcing Forrest to get the Court’s permission to treat his witness as hostile.
“I grant you that he is an unwilling witness, but it does not necessarily follow that you should cross-examine him for that reason alone,” McConnell said.
Returning to the Captain, Mr. Forrest continued. “Well, what did he say about his eyes?”
“Coughlin said the man was cross-eyed, whereupon Dinan said yes, he had something the matter with his eyes.” The jury studied Martin Burke for a moment, where they found eyes as straight as arrows. “He corroborated Coughlin’s statement that he wore a faded brown stiff hat.”
“In regard to any lawsuits you might have,” Forrest said, referring to the detritus of Schaack’s handling of the Haymarket riot, “Who are your attorneys?”
“Mister Mills and Ingham,” Schaack said. The two attorneys nodded from their positions at the prosecutor’s table. The Captain’s legal bill was as good as paid.
The Captain held his ground through the cross-examination, not backing down from his assertion that Mrs. Conklin failed to identify the horse and buggy when shown the rig by the police. He was allowed to say that the bundle of human misery wasn’t cooperative with his boys, which was a point in Dan’s favor. Surely the jury would have to entertain some doubts about the woman, considering Captain Schaack’s reputation in the city.
“Mr. Coughlin, will you stand back to back with Mr. Hyland, please.” Doing as he was told, Dan stood tall and straight. The idea was to demonstrate how a person could easily have confused Dan with one of Pat’s cousins, while mistaking Kunze for the shorter of the pair. The attempt failed miserably, as Longenecker made a joke of the two inch difference in height between Dan and Hyland. From his experience on the police force, Dan knew that the average person couldn’t really tell the difference between six feet or six feet two inches. The twelve jurors, however, preferred Longenecker’s fairy tale. The boys at the press table laughed at the suggestion of mistaken identity.
“And I would add, gentlemen of the jury,” Mr. Hynes quickly inserted, “that Mr. Coughlin has a large wart on his cheek, while Mr. Hyland does not.”
“None of their witnesses described a man with a wart on his cheek,” Dan hissed to his attorney. That meant the man seen with Pat O’Sullivan didn’t have one. The only person who noted the distinctive mark was Mr. Hynes, not the witnesses.
As soon as Michael Whalen took the stand, Dan’s attention was riveted on his former partner, who had lost his position because he was too Irish for Captain Schuettler’s taste. “Yes sir,” Michael said in response to Mr. Forrest’s question. “I arrived at the station about seven o’clock and Coughlin was there when I got to the station. He was right in front of the station.”
“Did you remember seeing anyone else that night?”
“I met Sergeant John Stift.”
“Who was there when you met him?”
“Daniel Coughlin. We were right in front of the station.”
All the details and particulars came out in open court, all placing Dan as far from Lakeview as he could get. As he’d told the Mayor and everyone else in the Chief’s office when they’d called him in for questioning, he’d been outside the station, and had gone to a couple of saloons after hours. Where he said he was from seven o’clock on, Whalen provided verification.
Just when he started to relax, Dan was on the edge of his seat again. Longenecker began with his favorite question, more of an accusation of complicity. “Were you a member of Camp No. 20?”
It was a code phrase, one that warned the jury to disregard the testimony. The State’s Attorney then tried to trip Whalen up, asking if he hadn’t testified before the grand jury that he’d said he’d only seen Coughlin once that night. Whalen hadn’t said it, but the jury was prepared to not believe the man so his denials as to what he had really said were rendered false.
Irish funeral customs were put on trial and found suspicious. The fact that Whalen had started off for a funeral at ten in the morning but didn’t get back until six at night was no doubt shocking to the Methodists on the jury who didn’t touch liquor. Of course the men stopped at a few saloons along the way home. That’s how it was done. By playing to the puritanical bent of the jury, Longenecker implied that it was impossible for Whalen to be answering honestly. With clever phrasing, the attorney had the jury and the press in stitches, laughing at the description of the funeral party having a bite to eat at three different places between Evanston and Chicago Avenue.
“Had you been drinking much that afternoon?” Longenecker asked, a sickening sneer in his voice. Another drunken Paddy, gentlemen of the jury. The implication got under Michael’s skin and he replied in kind, a little angry. Another drunken, brawling Paddy, gentlemen of the jury.
“I will ask you, Mr. Whalen, if you did not tell Captain Schuettler, in the presence of Captain Schaack, that you did not know where Coughlin was after seven o’clock that night?”
“I did not.”
No matter how often Longenecker asked the same questions, he couldn’t rattle Whalen. To corroborate the alibi, John Stift stated that he, too, was at the station and saw Coughlin at ten o’clock, when he invited him to have a drink. There was little that Longenecker could do with Stift, who was neither Irish nor a member of Camp No. 20. The jury had to develop some doubts after the day’s testimony. Even Maggie was confident, her smile a little brighter when she brought her husband his supper after the court had retired for the day.
“It’s a help to Pat O’Sullivan as well,” Dan said. “If I wasn’t there, then those same eejits who said I was there with O’Sullivan have to be mistaken.”
“The prosecutors had long faces when they left today,” Maggie said. “Do you think the jury understood Red McDonald, that he was afraid to come forward and say he’d seen you at the station house as well?”
“Only someone who’s had trouble with the law can understand what it means. There’s so many who could vouch for me, and they’ve all refused to testify because they’re afraid of being tarred and feathered by the press and the prosecutors,” Dan said. “The pie’s grand, darlin’. Apples from Michigan?”
“Your brother sent them for your birthday. Not much of a way to celebrate your thirtieth. We’ll have a grand party next year. Mr. Forrest says it’s getting near the end. You’re finishing strong, Dan.” Her gaze shifted to her middle, where she was carrying all in the front, she said, a sign of a boy. “A Christmas baby, the midwife thinks. Won’t that be a welcome gift for your homecoming?”
It was Mr. Donahoe’s turn the next day, to strengthen Pat O’Sullivan’s alibi, and about all the prosecutors could do to damage the witnesses was to quiz them about their meetings with the defense attorneys. Each man was sure of his memories and related them with honesty, all pointing to O’Sullivan’s presence in his home for the entire evening. Mr. Hynes had no luck in connecting Dan with any of them, since Pat’s friends didn’t know Coughlin from Adam.
There came a parade of witnesses, some of them to refute the claim that there was an inner circle in the Camp, some of them to verify Mr. Beggs’ whereabouts at the First Ward Republican Club meeting on the night of May 4. Things got heated when Mr. Hynes tore into a gentleman from Camp No. 20 and tried to make him say that Camp No. 20 had plotted to kill Dr. Cronin because he was a spy. Mr. Forrest objected strenuously, but Judge McConnell sustained every one.
Not one of the defense witnesses would crumble under the verbal abuse of Longenecker and Hynes, no matter how much they shouted out their accusations about secret committees and the Triangle of Executives. No such meeting had taken place. No such committee had been formed. The prosecutors had to prove that there was a conspiracy, but they made no headway because there was no conspiracy that arose in Camp No. 20. In all likelihood, the prosecutors understood that to be true and their constant pressure to extract confessions from the defendants was a good indication of it. With the voting public clamoring for convictions, however, Longenecker would accept any available scapegoat. Dan had to avoid falling into the prosecutor’s snare.
* * *
The team of doctors who were called to refute the expert testimony of the State either put everyone to sleep or sowed a few seeds of doubt in the thick skulls of the jury. In Dan’s mind, it was nothing more than common sense to know that one hair looked like any other hair, and even with a microscope no one could distinguish animal from human hair. Color varied from one hair to another on the same person. As for blood, that was another case of basic logic. It wasn’t possible to prove that the blood in the trunk came from Dr. Cronin or Frank Woodruff’s mysterious “Alice” or even a dog. The cause of death could not be determined, so how could the Coroner state that Cronin was murdered by blows to the head? It was just as likely that he died of opium poisoning or kidney disease or apoplexy.
By Friday, November 22, there was little left to present and Dan dared to hope that he might be home by Christmas. His former partner Jake Lowenstein returned to the stand, to explain why Sampson and Garrity were not to be believed when they claimed Coughlin had tried to hire them to do away with Cronin. A few objections from Mr. Hynes couldn’t stop the story being told, of Garrity threatening to kill Coughlin. The jury demonstrated some interest.
“Well, Mr. Coughlin,” Mr. Forrest said as Lowenstein left the stand. “Do we call one more witness or not?”
He would be a father again in another month. Or he’d be dead. All of his alibi witnesses had told the truth. He could not ask someone to lie for him. It wasn’t right, and Dan had a feeling about the jury, that it wasn’t necessary. “You’ve done all you could,” Dan said. “It’s in God’s hands now.”
As the defendants crossed back to the jail, Martin tugged Dan’s sleeve. The Irish immigrant was being represented by Mr. Wing out of kindness, and the lad hesitated to ask many questions of a lawyer who was not being paid for his exertions. Most of the time, he sat quietly at the table, chewing tobacco and gazing absent-mindedly about the room.
“I was wondering,” Martin said. He usually began his litany of questions with that phrase, although Dan marveled that Burke was capable of wonderment at all. “In court today, Mr. Forrest said he wouldn’t be needing a bill of exceptions.”
“When did he say that?” Dan asked. He had been focused completely on his alibi witnesses and the procedural sideshow sailed past his ears.
“It was when Mr. Forrest was arguing with Judge McConnell about calling Dr. Curran back to the stand again, and the judge denied him. His Honor said Mr. Forrest could put it in his bill of exceptions,” Martin said. “Would you know what a bill of exceptions is?”
Dan slowed his step, his shoulders slumping with the realization that he might have committed the biggest mistake of his life when he turned down Mrs. Connelly’s generous gift. “A lawyer files a bill of exceptions when he’s appealing a case. A case he’s lost,” Dan mumbled.
“Judge McConnell will be ruling against us, so?”
Only a blind man could not have seen it coming. Through friends of John Kunze, Dan had learned that Captain Schuettler had paid the washerwoman to testify against them. Friends in the police department had discovered that the express agent who identified Martin Burke as the man who rented his delivery wagon to move furniture into the Carlson cottage was no longer an express agent, but an employee of the Chicago Police Department. Paid perjury was in play, yet Dan had been too sanctimonious or too proud or too damned stupid to operate under Schuettler’s rules. “Yes, Mr. Burke, I believe he just might rule against us.”
The wheeze that rattled in Pat’s throat was louder, more hacking, echoing against the iron walls of the covered bridge. John Beggs patted Dan’s back in a gesture of comfort, an admission that Dan’s interpretation was accurate. “Some of us, at any rate,” Beggs said. “Not all.”



TWENTY-SIX


DAN


Maggie could be stubborn when she wanted to have her way, and so she stayed up all night to cook a turkey with stuffing so the family could celebrate a rump Thanksgiving dinner in the visitor’s cage on Wednesday. So many friends came to call that the day flew by in a rush of idle chatter, jokes and leisurely cigars. Thanksgiving Day itself dragged, while Dan picked on left- overs and smoked too many cigars for his own good.
On Friday, he walked into the courtroom with his stomach churning, head pounding and sweat trickling down his back. With his fists clenched in knots, he took his seat and waited for the onslaught. Who knew what Longenecker would say in his closing speech to the jury? What magic might he find in his silver tongue, what spell could he cast on the jurymen who were already eager to find Dan guilty?
Rather than begin his speech, Longenecker dramatically presented a parcel wrapped in brown paper, which he proceeded to open. Dan felt the blood drain from his head when he caught sight of his knives, the ones that Barney Flynn had confiscated. God in Heaven, Flynn had found a way to get back at his nemesis, a way to send Coughlin to the gallows. No one would believe Dan if he jumped up and exposed Flynn’s connection to the infamous “King Mike” McDonald. What he thought was a powerful weapon was nothing more than an illusion. Enraged and terrified at once, Dan stared up at the ceiling as he tried to compose himself. He had a driving urge to rip Flynn to pieces with his bare hands.
Forrest was on his feet at once, the objections flying, but Dan saw his fate written large on the wall of the court room. Yes, his attorney had been making headway. Might have gotten Dan off completely, in fact, with a solid alibi and reliable men who could swear they were with the defendant while a crime was being committed. The prosecutors were forced to stoop to the lowest level to salvage their case against the detective. They’d found a willing perjurer in Flynn. A fire burned in Coughlin, a fire that flushed his cheeks with the effort to contain it.
“I searched him in Captain Bartram’s office at Harrison Street station,” Flynn said in reply to Longenecker’s question. He held the two knives in his hands, as a priest might hold the Holy Eucharist, with reverence. Dan stared at the witness, dared him to meet his gaze, but Flynn kept his eyes moving around so that he never had to look at Dan or Maggie sitting behind.
“What did you do with the knives?” Longenecker asked.
“I took the knives and a revolver from Coughlin, took them back to headquarters, went upstairs to Lieutenant Elliott’s office, and then took them down to my box at headquarters and locked them up.” Flynn sat so rigid and still that he might have been a statue.
By a miracle, the detective recalled the knives only the night before, kept safe in a box at the Fidelity Bank. It was more than outrageous, it was so far removed from proper police protocol and handling of evidence that Flynn’s perjury was an embarrassment to him and to his Captain. Mr. Forrest was beside himself with fury at having such evidence sprung upon them at the last minute. As the knives were in the possession of a policeman, the State technically had possession from the beginning, and bringing the items into court at the last minute was contrary to the rules of evidence. No argument moved Judge McConnell, however.
“Well, I think it was Monday or Tuesday night my wife was reading the evidence in the papers,” Flynn said, to explain why he waited so long to come forward.
In a soft voice behind him, he heard Maggie mutter in Irish “Steallaire bèideànach”, her tone so full of venom that she could have killed Flynn with the poison on her tongue. A few years back, at one of the Hibernian picnics, something happened between her and Flynn and Flynn’s wife, a misunderstanding she called it, nothing to concern Dan. He’d never liked the way Flynn looked at Maggie.
“Now, if you thought it was important enough to put these two knives in the Fidelity vault, why did you not think it was important enough to tell the officers that you had?” Forrest meant to demonstrate that the knife business was a poor charade, a pathetic attempt to undo the good work that the defense attorney had already done.
“There is where I made a mistake, if a mistake was made at all.” Flynn’s eyes rested on Maggie for the briefest of moments, while Dan’s jaw tightened in impotent rage.
When Mr. Conklin took the stand and testified that the knives were Cronin’s, Maggie’s quiet weeping was like a buzz in Dan’s ear. She whispered to Dennis that she’d given Dan the pearl-handled knife, asked the old man how decent human beings could tell lies with such ease. The judge corrected the State’s Attorney, to remind him to refer to the knives as ones like Cronin’s as no one could say for certain that they were, but it was all for show. There were men in the court room at that moment, sitting at the press table or in the gallery, who had a four-bladed, pearl-handled knife in their pocket. Anyone could walk down the street and purchase a knife just like it at any shop, so ordinary an object was it, but the sensation was enough to restore life to Longenecker’s case against Coughlin and that was all he wanted to do.
“These should not be introduced unless they are positively identified as his knives,” Forrest said.
“I overrule the motion,” McConnell said.
In an effort to make the best use of time, Longenecker proceeded with his closing speech, with the discovery of the knives like a rank odor lingering in the air. At the table, Dan conferred with his attorneys, desperate to locate an alibi witness who could verify that the knives belonged to Dan. “Mrs. Coughlin gave me one of them,” Dan said.
“We can’t put her on the stand,” Forrest said at once.
“Every cop at the station house must have seen me with the four-bladed one,” Dan said. “I clean my nails with the small blade.”
“Which one of them will dare to take the stand?” Wing said. “The next man who sets foot up there will lose his job and they all know it.”
“Jake Lowenstein’s already off the force,” Dan said. “He’d come back and tell them the truth. Christ, how many times did he stand there with me while I sharpened the thing? He’s had it in his hand.”
The rotund lawyer exhaled with effort, rattling the longer hairs of his moustache. He had gone into the case at Forrest’s behest, expecting to run up against the public prosecutor and perhaps one or two junior assistants. Instead, he was waging war against the pro- Cronin army, attorneys noted for their ways with words and their impassioned speeches to the jury. Men who lacked scruples because their ends always justified their means. With all that force mustered against them, both Wing and Forrest had fought valiantly but they were worn down by the effort.
“Just call Lowenstein,” Dan said. “And concentrate on putting the appeal together.”
* * *
“And the night of February 22 this man, who moved the appointment of a secret committee, and who had already begun his work as Chairman of the committee, Daniel Coughlin, told Henry Owen O’Connor that there is an enemy in the camp, and that he has it on good authority that it is Dr. Cronin,” Longenecker said to the jury. “O’Connor would not hear any more, and left him.”
Over three years ago, Dan had thrown the facts in Cronin’s face. The Singing Cronin, they called him in the Canadian militia, making the choir boys sing, and Cronin grinned with a look so cold that butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth. John Bull had his hooks in Cronin and Cronin as much as admitted it. Blackmail is a powerful force, is it not, Cronin had said. And then he blackmailed Dan, forced a vow of silence that even now Dan could not break. He was a man of principle, of honor, which is more than anyone would say about Cronin if they knew him for what he was.
The conversation played again in Dan’s memories while Jake Lowenstein identified the knives as belonging to Coughlin. He should have been buoyed by Jake’s confident assertion that the knives did not merely resemble, but were the actual knives, based on the way Dan ground down the point on the station house steps. The pattern on that blade was a recognizable mark, but in his heart Dan realized that the jury would not take the word of a sheeny, a descendant of the Jews who killed Jesus Christ. They would accept no other voice than that of the prosecutor, even if Longenecker told them that the sun set in the east on the night of May 4.
As November came to a close, Longenecker regaled the jury with his conspiracy theory, which had no evidence to support it beyond his desire that the twelve men take him on his word. Dressed to the nines to impress the jury, Maggie sat quietly in her usual spot but she couldn’t help but weep when Longenecker claimed that Coughlin was made chairman of a secret committee after calling for its formation at a Camp meeting. Frustration brought the tears to her eyes. The United Brotherhood wasn’t some fraternal organization that was run like a business meeting, it was a military organization that operated under far different rules. To claim that Dan would chair anything was laughable. Juror Clarke, however, nodded in agreement when the State’s Attorney made the false implication. Farther along the row sat Juror Marlor, daydreaming because his mind was made up and he didn’t need any further convincing. Which way might Juror North go, Dan wondered? One of his children had just died of diphtheria, and there sat little Annie Coughlin, the picture of health, and Maggie ready to deliver a second child. He might convict out of jealousy, or acquit out of sympathy. All Dan needed was one man.
“I was never there.” Kunze was on his feet, shouting down the State’s Attorney. Dan turned to catch a glimpse of his girls, sitting close behind him. His wife was distraught, a linen handkerchief knotted in her hand and her cheeks shining with tears. She had little control over Annie, who had climbed down from the chair and was tapping her feet on the floor in a show of restlessness.
“This trunk was brought to the station by Captain Villiers. Then you remember this man Coughlin, this cold-blooded heartless wretch,” Longenecker said.
“We except to those remarks,” Mr. Donahoe declared.
“I speak from the evidence,” Longenecker said. Maggie’s quiet sobs started anew. The State’s Attorney concluded with a veiled plea to find the defendants guilty and the poor woman almost collapsed in an agony of fear.
After Longenecker finished, it was Mr. Wing’s turn to plead for Dan’s life. He was considered a talented speaker, capable of soaring rhetoric. “Give me your attention, gentlemen,” Wing barked, only minutes after he’d begun. They were afraid he’d sway them, those twelve jurors, and so they worked very hard at not listening.
In the background, Dan could hear Annie’s little voice, telling her mother about what the court artist was drawing. On the attack, Mr. Wing attempted to discredit the claims of those who said Coughlin was in a saloon with Kunze and O’Sullivan, while respected police officers had stated without question that he was in their company. Twelve pairs of eyes roamed the room, observed the court stenographer scribbling, or turned their gaze to the exit door as if they could not wait to cast their guilty vote and go home.
Painting a picture of innocence was Mr. Wing, while Mr. Forrest kept a worried eye on Maggie, who was showing signs of a woman on the verge of going into labor. The baby had dropped, birth was imminent, but the lawyer needed her presence in the court room to demonstrate an unending devotion that also painted a picture of innocence. Annie stirred, eliciting an icy glare from Juror Clarke. Dan felt the chill wash over him.
Mr. Ingham got his licks in for the prosecution, making a stirring speech that described a heinous conspiracy. He had to tie together the unconnected circumstances, weaving them into a noose based on his imagination and his hatred for Alexander Sullivan’s faction in the nationalist organizations. None of the jurors appeared to be bored. They wanted a story to bring into their deliberations, a story that confirmed the verdict they had rendered among their friends and family long before the trial began. Ingham made a point about Martin Burke, and the poor fool smiled broadly, his teeth flecked with bits of chewing tobacco.
So it went for days on end, a back and forth of innocence and guilt. When Dennis arrived with only Annie, Dan knew that Maggie’s time had come. She could be dead before the day was over, while Dan’s trial would carry on. Waked and buried, while her husband sat in a courtroom. Cut a deal with Longenecker, and he’d be returned to his family, to hold his newborn child. Tell the State about the real conspirators, the respected industrialists and millionaires who gave the orders. Give up Alexander Sullivan and save himself.
“Now, Captain Schuettler is the first police officer who spoke to all the witnesses discovered since the Coroner’s inquest. The witness is either a German or a Swede. You could not expect a German detective to find an American that knows anything or an Irishman that knows anything,” Forrest said. Dan had a way out, the information he possessed so explosive that Longenecker would give him anything he asked for in return for names and dates.
Mr. Forrest noted how Dan was identified by the saloon keeper Nieman, when the police in the jail pointed out Dan without letting Nieman do his own selecting. For hours on end, the defense lawyers continued to rain abuse on the witnesses, perjurers all. Would any one of the jurymen call Matthew, Mark, Luke or John liars because they all told the same stories of Jesus in different ways? Would they accuse the Apostles of perjury for relating the Gospel with a wealth of minor discrepancies?
Annie had fallen asleep in her grandfather’s arms, but the scraping of chairs after the Judge called for the noon recess woke her from a bad dream. “Papa,” she called out, her arms reaching for her father. The twelve men of the jury turned to see the show, but the way that Juror Bontecou shook his head in disgust suggested he thought it was all a trained act put on to sway the emotions of the jury. What had Dan been thinking, to entertain a single thought of squealing? His head was clouded with worry, but Mr. Bontecou parted those clouds and a bright light shone in Dan’s mind.
The bailiff handed Dan a note. He was the father of a baby boy. “Baptize him Michael Parnell,” he said to Dennis. “In honor of Michael Davitt and Charles Stuart Parnell.” Let them all know that he hadn’t broken under John Bull’s yoke. Inform John Devoy in New York City that he was not about to walk over Alexander Sullivan and be crowned the king of the Irish.
With his hands imagining the feel of a baby’s soft and limp body, Dan looked up at the clock. Longenecker concluded at three o’clock. Judge McConnell needed thirty minutes to give his instructions to the jury, a litany that made Dan shiver. He folded his hands on the table, as if he had put his son back in Maggie’s arms. He couldn’t keep his eyes off the twelve men who would soon decide if he would live or die. The twitch of Donahoe’s lip and the threat of tears in the man’s eyes was a clear warning that the defense attorneys had little confidence in their ability to sway those whose minds were set. Forrest made one last attempt to keep the hair, the trunk, and a few other items of evidence from being sent into the jury room, but he objected in vain.
Drunk with fear, Dan stumbled back to his cell and fell on the cot, unable to move. Friday the thirteenth of December, the unluckiest day was the day that the jury began deliberations. Friday the thirteenth, the day that Jesus was crucified, and Dan would be hanged for his Catholic faith and his love of Ireland. He couldn’t eat, and the cup of bitter coffee did nothing to revive him. A jailer brought him his dinner, sent from a lunch counter by Dennis because Maggie was recovering from childbirth. Michael Parnell Coughlin was three days old and might never know his father.
“Took the Haymarket jury less than twenty minutes to convict.” A couple of jail keepers were jabbering in the gallery, the men on the death watch.
“Some say the jury’s going to acquit Beggs.” the other said. “And find the working men guilty. Wouldn’t want to put a rope around the neck of a well-respected attorney.”
Sweat soaked through his shirt. Rivulets of perspiration ran down his face. Dan was paralyzed, his limbs frozen in place. Any minute, he could be called back to the court for the verdict. He thought of his family, his precious family, and his body shook. Maybe Annie could be placed in an orphanage if Mrs. Sullivan used her influence with the Sacred Heart Sisters on Taylor Street, but what would become of Maggie with a newborn to care for and no means of support? There would be no United Brotherhood funds left to support widows and orphans once the legal fees were paid. His reason for living would be scattered to the four winds while his corpse rotted in the ground.
“What time is it?” he called out when fatigue began to crush his chest.
“Going on midnight,” someone called back.
Saturday dawned to Dan’s surprise, his eyes held open all night as he anticipated a call. The keeper brought him a hunk of dry bread and black coffee, paused to look up and down the gallery, and then put his face close to the bars. “Culver’s holding out. He’s a holy roller. Doesn’t believe in the death penalty for circumstantial cases.” 
“Is this good information or some reporter’s conclusion?” Dan asked.
“From the horse’s mouth. Culver figures you’re all guilty but he won’t see Burke hanged. The man’s an idiot, for God’s sake.” 
“My poor wife,” Dan said, half to himself.
“Your father’s in good company, waiting in the court. Best if your wife isn’t in the room when the time comes.” Again the jailer scanned the gallery. “The jury’s fighting like cats and dogs, mostly over Beggs, some talk of Kunze.”
“But it’s a good sign, isn’t it?” Dan asked like a frightened child.
“I’d take it for a good sign that they won’t hang you. Life in the pen instead. So which do you think is the better option, Coughlin?” 
The morning papers were brought in and Dan read every one from front to back, searching for some clue as to the thinking of Juror Culver and his eleven newly-minted enemies. Minutes dragged on into hours, broken only by the arrival of dinner and a visit from Dennis. The baby was doing well, Maggie was feeling stronger, and Annie wasn’t so sure she liked sharing her ma’s attention. By supper time, the jailer could report that newsmen were spying on the jury in their hotel room and had heard Culver argue vehemently that Daniel Coughlin did not have a guilty face and he would not see the man hanged on circumstantial evidence. The cup of coffee in Dan’s hand rattled before it fell to the floor.
Exhausted, Dan dozed off on Saturday night, only to wake again in a cold sweat. He wanted to see a priest, to receive Communion before learning his fate, but there were no visitors on Sundays. All day and into the next, he imagined Aleck Sullivan, safe in his own home with his wife at his side. The unfairness of it ate at Dan; the sense of helplessness weighed on his mind until he feared he would lose what little hope he had left. He needed friends in high places, but what guarantee did he have that those most able to help him had not already abandoned him? Released from his cell for exercise, Dan moved with purpose, to drive all doubt from his troubled mind.
An hour went by, and still the jury remained out. Another hour went by, and Dan felt his confidence waning. He couldn’t go through another trial, not with a high-priced lawyer like Forrest. His family couldn’t continue to exist without a paycheck to support their basic needs. One small cut at a time, Cronin’s pals would slice him up until he bled to death.



TWENTY-SEVEN


DAN


Seventy hours to think about his future. Seventy hours to puzzle out the fate of his wife and children, to assume the worst because Dan had reflected on the faces of the jurors and he knew. At two o’clock on Monday he donned his suit and marched behind O’Sullivan and Beggs, his teeth grinding with a fury that could not be stopped. The only sure thing he could count on was the promise of Heaven, of the life to come, of salvation. Dan had run out of prayers, his mind gone blank as the jury foreman handed the verdict to the clerk. The color drained from the gentleman’s face as he looked at the piece of paper in his hand.
“We the jury,” the clerk said. He paused, the bastard. This wasn’t the stage at the Central Music Hall, for the love of God. “Find the defendant John F. Beggs not guilty.”
At once, Beggs was on his feet, barely able to contain his happiness, his cheeks flushed from ghostly white to bright red. The jail guards might have had it right, Dan told himself, and the pain in his chest spread throughout his body, every muscle gone rigid. The future of John Kunze was settled, guilty of manslaughter and sentenced to three years in the penitentiary. If that was to be the worst of it for the rest of them, Dan trusted in God to see him through the nightmare. Please God, Dan intoned. Please.
“We the jury find the defendants Daniel Coughlin, Patrick O’Sullivan and Martin Burke, guilty of murder in the manner and form as charged in the indictment, and fix the penalty at imprisonment in the penitentiary for the term of their natural lives.”
“God knows I am innocent of this thing,” Kunze was on his feet, fist raised in outrage and impotence. “Longenecker paid money to two witnesses; I know he did.”
He would not give them the satisfaction of breaking down. Dan swallowed, over and over until his dinner stopped rising in his throat. He clenched his jaw to hold in the screams that he longed to release, the stream of vitriol burning his tongue. At his side, Pat O’Sullivan wiped a single tear from his cheek, a man mourning the death of his dream of American equality and justice. The words of the Irish witnesses had been taken for lies; the Anglo-Saxon Protestants had prevailed yet again. Never before had Dan felt such agony, as if his very soul had been broken into pieces.
As an innocent man, John Beggs made a tour of the courtroom to shake hands with the jurors and his many friends who gathered along the rail. Mr. Forrest was shouting out his demand that a new court date be set at once, an appeal put into motion, but Dan felt as if he were in a dream and his legs were made of aspic. The bailiff had him by the arm, to lead him back to his cell, and the movement helped to bring him around.
“They think they can get us to squeal now that we know we’re going to Joliet,” Dan said as they crossed the iron bridge from the courthouse. “They know we didn’t do it.”
“How can we squeal if we don’t know anything?” Burke asked. He bore the news with the patience of an Irishman who expected from birth to end up in jail, done in by John Bull and a rigged game. “Doesn’t make sense to me.”
Friends from the United Brotherhood, friends from the neighborhood, distant relations, all came to the visitor’s cage to provide support in a trying time. Choking on the funereal atmosphere, Dan considered how he might apologize to his father for shaming the family name, even as he pleaded with the old man to see to his family. Dennis’s pale gaze glowed with a sorrow that was tinged with intense pride. They were fanatic nationalists, both fighting in their own way for the freedom of their people. Wherever nationalists gathered, Dan would be spoken of as a hero, and Dennis expressed it all with a single glance that spoke volumes. The debts that Dennis had accumulated to fund the defense would serve to cement their bond as fellow soldiers.
Arguments broke out, heated discussions about legal errors that would have to be corrected in an appeal. As soon as the reporters turned up, the Clan na Gael men left. “Can you stay for an interview?” one of the reporters asked.
“I’m so sorry to disappoint you,” Dan said, all courtesy and calm manners. “I don’t desire to be interviewed.”
“But what is your opinion of the verdict?”
“I must refer you to my attorney, Mr. Forrest, for an answer to that question.”
“Are you disappointed?” 
With a nod at Pat, Dan said, “Well, I suppose no man looks at the verdict of life imprisonment with any particular enthusiasm.”
The disgraced detective put a hand on Pat’s elbow to steer him towards the tiers. Better to walk away than let emotions get the better of them and lose control over words that wanted to spill out. “Focus on this, Mr. O’Sullivan, and let our lawyers make the speeches,” Dan said. “We can and we will appeal our sentences. All the way to the United States Supreme Court if need be, but the higher up we go, the farther away we get from Chicago and Cronin’s pals. I’ll take my chances with the state court in Ottawa, who listen to the state representatives who need the Irish vote to keep their jobs.”
“Have you seen your son yet?” Pat asked.
“Mrs. Coughlin’s coming tomorrow, before they go to Hancock. I don’t want her in Chicago at Christmas, it’s too much for her.” Dan’s gaze drifted off into the distance. “I understand Tom Whalen’s wife was with her outside the courtroom when the verdict came down. I’m grateful to her, for her kindness.”
* * *
Waiting became his full-time occupation. The appeal was scheduled for January, which was a month wasted because Dan knew that McConnell would never admit to a single error on his part, let alone entertain forty different legal mistakes. The remaining three defendants, convicted murderers in the eyes of the average Chicagoan, met with their legal counsel to map out the next step, which would bring them to the State Supreme Court. The next round of waiting would take place at the State Penitentiary in Joliet, a place not conducive to life.
The fact that emotions were running high played against them. Less than a year after the crime, the newspapers continued to stir up the flames, and pleading the case before the highest court in Illinois against such a backdrop would be a fatal mistake. Mr. Donahoe spoke of months, years of waiting, but Dan didn’t have the heart to tell his colleagues in misery that few men could survive that long in the pestilence and over-work that would become their daily existence.
“Gentlemen, you must disregard the rumors that are floating around in regard to Mr. Coughlin’s pardon via the exertions of his political allies,” Mr. Forrest said.
“Even if it were possible, there’s not a politician in office who’d risk his job just to make a point,” Dan said.
“You said you’d rather be hanged than serve life,” Pat said. “You’re a policeman, Mr. Coughlin. Why would you say such a thing?”
Perhaps it was better to be prepared, to steel against hardship before it rolled over you. Dan leveled his gaze at Pat and nodded at Martin, to include him when it was likely that Martin lacked the intelligence to comprehend. “I’ve seen the penitentiary and I’ve seen the men who come out of it. I’m telling you both, you will have to muster whatever fortitude you’ve got inside. Find strength in hope, knowing that the Supreme Court will hear our case in due time. Keep your faith in God. That’s all. Trust in the Lord.”
Fine words, but Dan found the limits of words when he said good-bye to Maggie through the metal grate of the visitor’s cage. Tears filled his eyes as he gazed upon his son, tears of frustration that he could not hold the baby or caress Annie’s golden curls. His shoulders hunched, as if he could not carry the burden of sorrow that would be his for as long into the future as he could see. Dennis put a loving arm around Maggie and guided her out while Dan stood as still as a statue, frozen in place. His last glimpse of his family was etched into his brain, an image so horrible that it haunted his every minute.
No more daily visits from Maggie. No more words of encouragement from her sweet lips. Dan walked the circuit of the bullpen, trying to drive his fear out of his body, but there was no relief to be found in exercise. Those he loved were in Hancock, far from Chicago. Maggie was dependent on Coughlin family charity and that stung as much as any perjury.
“It’s not so bad in the penitentiary,” Martin Burke said. Dan resisted an urge to punch some sense into the fool. “I’ve several friends there. We’ll get ourselves fixed up good. Isn’t it better to be working in Joliet than sitting around in a cell all day?”
“They work you to death in there,” Pat said. “Didn’t you ever listen to Martin Hogan speak of his time at hard labor in Australia? Of the men who dropped dead from exhaustion? A life sentence is a living death, that’s all the difference.”
“That’s where I can do you both a turn,” Martin said. “A fella doesn’t have to do much work if he looks busy, and my pals wouldn’t turn one of us in for being lazy. Do you think the boss will fire you?” “Men who don’t meet their daily quota get punished. Keep at it and they put you in solitary,” Dan said.
“Slavery is all it is,” Pat said. “I’ve spoken to niggers who were born slaves in Virginia. Work from dawn to dark, day in and day out, and didn’t they all do the bare minimum?”
“But they had hope, didn’t they?” Dan said. “They knew they’d be set free. Same as us. We have hope.”
“How many of them died waiting?” Pat said.
A question that Dan dare not answer, but there was no need. They’d all three of them been drowning in gloom on Christmas Day, under a rising tide of sadness. Only one bright spot appeared, in the form of the Cook County Board. From the start, there had been a general murmur of discontent over the addition of Hynes, Ingham and Mills to the prosecutor’s team, as if a gang of paid assassins had come to wring vengeance out of innocent necks. The three attorneys submitted their bills to the board, and the board denied payment. Such a snub of Cronin’s pals gave Dan a lifeline that he could cling to when he feared that he would die before he was vindicated.
One month to the day after the conviction, Dan was back in court to listen to the attorneys argue before Judge McConnell. The basis of the appeal was simple. At least five of the jurors had expressed blatant prejudice against the defendants. In America, a man was innocent until found guilty, but five men had stated their belief that the defendants were guilty before the trial began. John Beggs, sitting behind the defendant’s table in a show of support, had been active in composing the remarks that the defense attorneys would make. Just before the trial began, he told Dan that he doubted that McConnell would agree with a basic tenet of American jurisprudence because the Orangeman had anti-Irish blood flowing through his ice- cold heart.
Mr. Forrest rose to his feet and argued for further delay. “I expect to show, Your Honor, that every circumstance in the case was consistent with my clients’ innocence. I believe that I shall bring the prosecution around to my way of thinking.”
“All this talk about an unfair jury will be a waste of words, Mr. Forrest,” McConnell said. “It was your tactics that forced me to draw the lines tighter and because of that I adhered strictly to the rule as defined by statute. The last four objections were not based on strict legal right as you had used up all your peremptory challenges.”
Like a bulldog, Forrest argued his points, until Longenecker declared that the defense counsel was obviously ready to proceed with the appeal. “The prisoners ought to be in the penitentiary this week,” the State’s Attorney said. “If Mr. Forrest is unprepared to make his argument, then Mr. Donahoe should be forced to do so.”
The public was clamoring for vengeance, and Judge McConnell did not disappoint. He needed but a few days to review the reams of papers that the defense attorneys filed, because he would only consider if the jury had been prejudiced, were rash, or came to their conclusion without evidence to back up their decision.
“As to the defendant John Kunze, I am going to give him a new trial,” McConnell said. Dan mumbled a curse under his breath. Sure enough, the judge had found a way to exonerate the one defendant who wasn’t Irish.
As soon as McConnell stated that he discredited the evidence of the milkman who had testified that Kunze and Coughlin were seen at the Carlson cottage, Coughlin bolted upright and leaned forward, as if he were about to spring up and jump through the ceiling. The witness was mistaken to one man; surely it meant he couldn’t have identified the other.
“As to the other men I shall overrule the motion for a new trial, believing that they have had a fair trial.”
Objections and exceptions flew. Donahoe asked for a motion in arrest of judgment, a motion that was instantly rejected. “Does the defendant Daniel Coughlin desire to say anything or give any reason why sentence should not be pronounced on him?” the Judge asked.
With difficulty, Dan rose and grasped the back of Mr. Forrest’s chair to steady himself. “Your Honor, I am innocent,” he said in a clear voice. “I have been convicted by perjury.”
The judge then turned to Pat and asked him the same question. To Dan’s surprise, the iceman rose elegantly to his feet, straightened his spine, and delivered what sounded like a seriously considered, carefully composed piece of prose. “If Your Honor please,” he said. “I have not got much to say, but what I have to say is this. I have to protest my innocence before God and man, and I think the day is not far distant when I shall be acquitted of this crime. I was convicted by prejudice. By perjury. By newspaper report and by popular clamor. I want it understood that I am not pleading for mercy. Neither do I plead for sympathy. I am pleading for justice, and justice I have not had. That is all I have to say.”
Over his shoulder, Dan could hear the slight murmur of approval from the press corps, but it was lost when Martin Burke jumped to his feet unbidden. “I am innocent, Your Honor,” he said in his soft Mayo brogue. “I always knew that in England they put perjured witnesses on the stand, but I never thought it was done in America.”
“Let the defendants rise,” McConnell said. He hadn’t listened to a single word they’d said. “Daniel Coughlin, Patrick Sullivan, and Martin Burke, you have been found guilty of the crime of murder and it only remains for this court to pronounce the sentence imposed on you by the jury. The sentence is that you be taken to the State’s Prison at Joliet and there confined during the term of your natural lives.”
While John Kunze remained seated at the table, sobbing, his head in his hands, Dan got unsteadily to his feet. It was difficult to draw a breath, as if something was crushing the air out of his lungs. The first part was over. The next step was yet to come, at a time no one could predict. “Boys, we must get ourselves ready to go down the road real soon,” he said. “I guess they won’t let us stay here much longer. I could see it in Longenecker’s eye. He wants us at Joliet and to Joliet we must go. The miserable fuck.”



TWENTY-EIGHT


DAN
Make your good-byes now, boys,” Dan said as soon as they were out of the courtroom.
“But we’re to meet with our lawyers in the morning,” Martin said.
From the courtroom they went straight to the visitor’s cage, where Dan held a conference with his relatives who had yet to return to Hancock. Like a man obsessed, he could talk of nothing but Maggie and the children, of their care, their uncertain future. Tears welled up in his eyes as he contemplated the fate of those he loved, those he had put into danger because he had trusted the Executives of the United Brotherhood. A cousin swore he’d be like a father to little Michael, but the assurance did nothing to ease Dan’s burden. His dreams of teaching his son to fish, to hunt and to shoot were taken from him, as readily as a skilled thief might commit a robbery.
Not long after Dan had finished an unpalatable supper, the sheriff stood before the cell door and told him to get ready for a trip. With a clean shirt, his suit pressed and his shoes shined, Dan entered the clerk’s office and presented his wrists for shackling. Martin Burke ended up in the middle of the convict string, unable to so much as scratch his nose without disturbing his fellow prisoners. With shackles attached to their ankles, walking to the hack that was waiting in the alley was a complicated dance made more difficult by the weight of the chains.
“There’s my pal Schuettler,” Dan said. The Captain was sitting in a buggy right next to them, guarding the prisoners all the way to the train station. “The devil take him.”
“Firing every Irish cop he can set his eyes on,” Pat added. He spit out the side, managing to hit the Captain’s buggy.
When it came time to mount the step of the train, Dan had to give Martin a boost to help the chap lift his legs. With all eyes staring at them, they took their seats in the smoker car and Dan gratefully accepted the cigar that the sheriff offered. There’d be no more cigars for a long while, Dan knew, with smoking permitted only on holidays. He savored the flavor and aroma of the tobacco, to fix the memory. Some news reporters were allowed into the smoker and he grumbled under his breath, “The vultures have swept in to pick at the bones.”
“This is hardly as pleasant as the trip from Winnipeg,” Martin said when asked about the accommodations. He had ridden in comfort after being arrested in Canada and extradited to Chicago. “Lovely, then, in the sleeper car.”
“I hope that the people are satisfied now,” said Pat, his tone so bitter that Dan could taste the bile. Tears filled Pat’s dark eyes as he responded to the reporters’ harangue. “They’ve clamored for this for months, and now they have their wishes. I hope they’ll leave us at rest now.”
Again, Pat declared his innocence, and asked that the journalist mention how grateful he was to his sister, who had come from the family farm in Wisconsin to be with him during the trial. “I don’t know who is responsible for the murder, but, whoever it is, you’ll see that they’ll be found out and our names will be cleared. I may not be alive to see it, but others will, and as sure as there is a God in heaven that day will come. My last words to you are, I am innocent. An innocent man can make no better argument than that.”
When his head slumped to his chest, the pencil-pushers turned their attention to the former policeman who had always been a friend to the press when they quizzed him about an ongoing investigation. “I wish I could write, but I’m no hand at writing or speechmaking,” Dan said. Gone were the nights in the saloon, the easy banter between men. Over a beer, he would feel free to berate the Orangeman who had sat in judgment and cheated justice. To this audience, however, he would utter only words of thanks for Judge McConnell’s fairness. “Print that in your paper. I want to thank the Judge.”
Weary, afraid of what awaited him at the end of the journey, Dan tried to ignore the repeated requests for statements. “I’ll send word to you when I feel like talking,” he said. “In fact, I don’t know anything.”
Not satisfied with silence, one of the scribes hurled a particularly painful barb. A reminder of his family stole away Dan’s nerve and it took him a moment to collect himself before speaking. He spoke of his father, beggared with the cost of defending his son, in addition to the financial burden of caring for Dan’s wife and children. Would Dennis even be able to scrape together enough money to pay Mr. Forrest in full? Who would pay the cost of the appeal, or would the appeal have to be dropped so that Maggie and the children could have food in their bellies? Staring straight ahead, Dan peered into the future but nothing came into focus.
After a time, the conductor walked down the aisle and talked to Dan, who had been on the trip before. “Was you bringing a prisoner to the penitentiary that time,” the conductor said. “Now here you are on the other side of it. Let’s hope I’ll be seeing you on the reverse run coming back from Joliet, and sooner rather than later. Real soon.”
With every click of the wheels on the rails, the distance between freedom and horror grew shorter. His heart pounding, Dan tried to remain composed, but he had to laugh when the train pulled into Lockport and Pat jumped to his feet, pulling on his topcoat like a man about to miss his stop. “This isn’t Joliet,” Dan said. Martin let out a giggle that was more like steam released from a pressure valve. Pat fell back into his seat, deflated.
The locomotive engine chuffed with impatience while Dan stumbled down the steps of the train car. For as long as he could, he stood on the Joliet platform and inhaled deep breaths of the icy cold January air. He could not help but notice how different the long, tall wall of the prison appeared to him this time. The castellated facade reminded him of the water tower at the east end of Chicago Avenue, a structure he’d seen often yet never truly noticed when he was out walking. Too late to study its detail now.
The elegantly painted ceiling of the prison’s foyer was illuminated by electric lights, like a stage where the warden’s wife and daughter stood in tableau to watch the arrival of America’s most notorious criminals. To Dan, they more closely resembled the Roman soldiers who stood under the Cross and mocked Christ in His last moments. The trio of convicts were marched through another set of doors and Dan left all that was familiar behind. 
If they wanted a performance, he’d give them one. He raised his free hand and said, “Good-bye to freedom,” but his voice broke before he could conclude his lines. All he wanted to do was get it over with, and he moved so quickly that Martin nearly tripped over the chains. Hands were extended, the ink-stained hands of those who had gleefully sent Dan to prison. His face a mask of nonchalance, he shook hands down the line, noting the downcast eyes of those who knew they’d done wrong.
On the other side of the door was another room, where the shackles and manacles were finally removed. “Those things were mighty unpleasant,” Martin said as he kicked off the metal ring that clung to his ankle. “I’m glad to get rid of them.”
The door to the prison yard swung open and Dan lost his composure again. Reality stared him in the face, a life sentence, confinement, silence. Months of fighting had worn him out, consumed his strength like a fire burned wood into cold ash. The tears he’d been holding back spilled out.
“Good-bye, Dan,” Captain Schuettler said. Guilt radiated from his cold eyes, pangs of remorse set his moustache to twitching. “Be good, old man.”
“Good-bye,” Dan said. His shoulders heaved a bit as he tried to swallow tears that were determined to fall. It was Schuettler’s greed and prejudice that landed Dan in prison, and he would never forgive the German. “I’ll be out soon.”
Weary to his bones, Dan managed but slow steps into the cell in the solitary confinement wing. This would be home until he was processed, solid stone walls with nothing more than a rough cot for sleeping. He got on his knees and prayed, for his family and for the soul of his dead mother. Then he prayed for a new trial before he was worked to death and he prayed for the Irish who were daily gaining political power in the great state of Illinois. Not by God alone would he be set free, but by politicians who needed the Irish vote to keep their jobs.



TWENTY-NINE


DAN


A loud bell rang to wake the prisoners, but Dan had no idea what time it was. After not sleeping all night, he was wound up tighter than a spring. “Fourteenth of January. 1890,” he said to himself, as if he feared he would soon forget the day, the month, the year. “First day.” The cell door opened, and he jumped to his feet, heart pounding so hard he thought it would jump out of his chest.
A hunch-shouldered man in stripes brought in a tin of coffee and a plate of some kind of slimy hash, along with two slices of bread. The smell turned his stomach, and he knew that he couldn’t keep it down if he did manage to swallow any of it. Already the slop bucket was stinking, the cell reeking like an outhouse, but he had to wait until a jail keeper let him out. Whatever choices he might have made as a free man were no longer his to make.
A jail official ordered the three new arrivals out of their cells and marched them down to the bathroom, an icy cold space with two rows of thirty tubs separated by a plank walkway. Dan couldn’t help but notice that Pat’s ribs and backbone were showing under skin that resembled parchment. Shivering, Dan scrubbed away the dirt of Cook County Jail. He toweled dry while standing on the slimy boards, after which the inmates were measured and all scars noted.
Bad enough to be forced to stand naked, but the most humiliating moment soon pressed down until Dan feared he might never rise. In the clothes repair room, a lackey handed him a pile of clothing, the degrading convict stripes. From underclothes to shoes and cap, every stitch was a reminder that Dan Coughlin was a criminal. The fine suit that he wore to the prison was taken from him because a prisoner owned nothing. The prison barber scraped off Dan’s moustache and then cropped his hair to the regulation one inch length. His spirit sinking, Dan did as ordered and put his hands on Pat O’Sullivan’s shoulders, to be instructed in the lockstep that would define his every move within the confines of the prison. Dan felt sick to his stomach. Shuffling, marching, they were sent to the photographer’s room, to be placed in a seat with head held immobile while a rack with a number was hung around each man’s neck and his image taken for the Rogue’s Gallery. For ever and ever, his face would remain in the State Penitentiary, the humiliation writ large in his eyes. Forever and ever, he would be Number 46 while Daniel Coughlin was erased.
“What might you be suited for?” the prison doctor asked Pat after a cursory examination. The rigors of jail life had taken their toll. A man who had once hauled fifty pound blocks of ice was as weak as a kitten. “The shoe-making shop, Deputy Warden. This man isn’t capable of physical labor.”
“Could use a man in the cooper shop,” the Deputy Warden said. The robust Martin Burke took the news with a grin.
“197 pounds. Six feet tall,” the doctor said of Dan. “What department would you be suited for, Number 46?”
“I’ve been on the police force for years, sir,” Dan said.
“He’s a man for the stone yard,” the Deputy Warden said. Just like in the Australian penal colony, the most despised Irish patriots were sent to work in the quarry, to be crushed by falling stone or pushed beyond the human body’s capacity for physical labor. They meant to kill him one way or another.
January’s icy blasts blew through the open ground of the quarry and cut through his prison-issued overcoat. Like ants scurrying around their hill, clusters of men in stripes hovered around a few piles of rocks at the base, breaking up big stones into gravel and filling ore cars that sat on tracks which ran to a steam-driven conveyor belt. Moving gravel or moving copper ore, it was all the same. A crew was working ropes around a rectangle of cut stone, to lift it to the top with a block and tackle, while two other gangs of men beat away with hammers, a rhythmic ringing that made Dan’s head throb. All told, Dan guessed there were twenty-five convicts toiling under the supervision of three civilians in warm wool coats. One of them brought Dan to the quarry face.
“Ever done stone work before?” he asked.
As a young man, Dan went down into the copper mines. What he did as a young man was of no business to the supervisor. He shook his head to negate the question.
“This here’s the feathers,” the man said, and he held up two angled pieces of iron. Dan recognized the chisel and the hammer, but he had no idea what to do with them.
The supervisor put a pair of feathers into a bore hole, and then held the chisel in place between the feathers. He pantomimed striking the chisel with the hammer, explaining that the feathers would be forced against the stone and the stone would crack along the seam created by the bore holes. Simple enough in concept, but the pressure had to be applied evenly to make a clean break. Every man had a daily quota to meet. Dan feared that whoever had put him in the quarry had set for him an impossibly high goal, to work him to death within legally proscribed guidelines. He had to take it, as much as they dished out, to sacrifice all for the greater good of the Irish people and the Catholic Church.
He held the chisel as instructed while the supervisor stood over his shoulder. Rough woolen mittens did little to keep Dan’s fingers from going numb, and the hammer slid around as he tried to get a grip. He took a swing but was distracted by the movement of one of the guards above him, a man who seemed to be reaching for his rifle. The hammer slipped from his hands and landed with a crash against the wall of the quarry. “Jesus Christ,” the supervisor mumbled in anger. Another incompetent sent to a professional who no doubt took pride in his quarrying skills. Fool he was, to think that one of the men toiling in the bitter wind cared one whit about the stone or took any pride in their labor. They were slaves who might earn a pittance to buy a little packet of salt at the commissary. To expect such servants to give an honest day’s labor for dishonest pay was the mark of a true eejit.
Again Dan tried to hit the chisel, but the hammer slid from his grasp and landed squarely on his fingers. The pain was severe. The hammer clattered to the ground while he shoved his aching hand under his armpit.
“You’ll get the hang of it after a time,” the supervisor said. “Let’s go, you’re going to work with the crew below the horse cart over there.”
Carrying a bundle of feathers, a hammer and a chisel, Dan followed the man up and over and down again. He reached the flat base where the blocks were being cut, and looked into the face of Billy Wallace, a convict he’d arrested last March. Wallace stared at him with a look of pure, unmitigated hatred.
Under orders to keep his eyes on the stone, no talking, Dan turned so that he had Wallace in front of him. His chisel hit the edge of a feather, landed on bare stone, but he couldn’t watch what he was doing and guard his life at the same time. There was murder in Wallace’s eyes, retribution for the police detective who had sent him down. Within ten minutes, Dan’s hands were blistered. In an hour, the blisters ran with blood. By the end of the afternoon, he was in pain so intense that he couldn’t make a fist, but Wallace never got the jump on him. Not a single stone had been cut.
Supper was bread and tea, consumed in solitude, with hands too swollen to bend around the mug. Dan stared straight ahead, at the gallery and the stone wall beyond. The single gas burner in his cubicle did little more than increase the gloom, while the lights in the gallery burned up all the oxygen until his cell felt as airless as a mausoleum. It crept in then, silent and still, piled up in the corners, up to the ceiling, building in size until the seven foot by four foot cell was filled with it. It suffocated him, crushed him, would not be beaten back with fists or oaths. At nine o’clock, the lights were extinguished and Dan was alone with the black nothingness that stank of slop buckets and unwashed bodies.
When the alarm bell clanged the following morning, Dan struggled to get out of bed, every muscle stiff and sore. His hands were inflamed, bruised and cut, but he would not give anyone the satisfaction of knowing that he was suffering. “Day two,” he said, if only to speak out loud for the pleasure of it. “I will not break.”
The cell doors along the tier flew open in unison and the prisoners fell into lockstep with slop buckets in their left hands. Like a centipede they traveled to the drain near the west wall, emptied the buckets, and then marched to the ration table for their hash, bread and coffee. With the bucket on his arm and plate hovering over the filth, Dan shuffled back to his cell, where he ate a solitary meal and waited for the locked door to be opened again.
Hands on the shoulders of the man before him, every step confined, regulated and controlled by his jailers, the urge to take a full stride was like a bomb about to explode in his legs. With Keeper Pierman on the left side, the single column moved across the yard and out of the sally port, winding its way to the quarry where Dan picked up the tools and went back to the same spot he’d been the day before. He found that he was alone, separated from the gang he was assigned to. Not far away physically, but he was cut off from them by posture and a cold silence that he felt in his gut. He wasn’t there, as far as Wallace’s gang was concerned. That’s how it was to be. He’d talk to Maggie in his head. He’d talk to his dead mother. He’d talk to himself. A long-ago conversation with Mackie the newsboy popped into his head, those words of advice to an orphan who was heading in the wrong direction. Cronin’s voice intruded, mocking and cruel. Dan tried to talk to God but he couldn’t find the right things to say.
A civilian approached Dan with hand outstretched, and it was difficult to keep from flinching when his own swollen mitt was grasped. “Mr. Brainerd, the contractor here at the quarry. You’re one of the new arrivals, I see.”
“Dan Coughlin, sir, and I am as new as a spring lamb here.”
“You’d be Number 46, then,” Brainerd said. He raised an eyebrow, as if in warning. “You’ll get used to it soon enough. Slow and steady, that’s the key. Stone’s a living thing and you can’t hack at it.”
Brainerd turned to go and Dan went back to the wall of limestone. If not for the glint of sunlight that caught his eye and made him duck, his head would have been impaled by a chisel. So fast did he spin around that Billy Wallace didn’t have time to lower his arm after making the throw. “You fuckin’ bastard, I’m gonna fuckin’ kill you the first chance I get. You’re a dead man,” Wallace shouted.
The convict went to rush Dan, to beat his head in with the hammer, to push him off the ledge and down to the floor of the quarry, but Dan was taller and stronger. Using techniques he’d learned on the police force, he parried the arm that held the hammer and with a deft move he spun the man around, pinning arm and hammer behind Wallace’s back. Dan held his left arm against Wallace’s throat while the shorter man suffocated into submission. “You don’t want to do that Billy. You’re getting out of here in a few years. You want to hang for murder?”
“They’d never hang me for your life,” Wallace said.
“Clan na Gael would string you up the minute you walked out of prison, boy-o, and you know that to be true. Go cut your stone.” Dan flung him away, with enough force to propel Wallace into the face of the quarry.
“46, come with me,” Brainerd barked. The man was white as a sheet and shaking like a leaf.
Following on the contractor’s heels, Dan pleaded his case. He was only defending himself, and surely Mr. Brainerd had seen the whole thing. Once he realized that they were headed in the direction of the warden’s office, Dan fell silent.
“Here’s what’s going on,” Brainerd said in a low voice. “It’s not pure chance that you were put in the quarry. Someone with connections had you assigned to that crew and now we know the reason. Someone else wants me to keep an eye on you. Don’t ask who or why. We’re going to the warden to get you moved, Coughlin.”
“I’m no whiner,” Dan said.
“It’s me who’s going to do the whining. You just keep your mouth shut.” They paused at the iron door in the east wall, waiting for the guard to let them in. “Don’t ask to be put in another job, you understand?”
“Sure. I understand.” A loyal soldier didn’t ask questions. Didn’t ask questions, and he ended up in prison. In truth, Dan didn’t need to ask questions. He already knew the answers.
The warden was salivating over the possibility that he could inflict some punishment on one of the Cronin murderers. His greedy grin fell when Mr. Brainerd started in to complaining about the other laborers who were trying to cause trouble, and trouble cost Brainerd money. He had a contact with the prison to produce a fixed amount of stone per day, and damn it but he’d lose his shirt if things weren’t changed.
“I’m asking you to move 46 to another job,” the quarry man said. Dan stood at his right side, hands clasped behind, back rigid, like a policeman on parade, and fixed his gaze on a point just above the warden’s head.
“No, Mr. Brainerd, that won’t do at all. You keep this man working on the stone pile,” the warden said. “This is a special case.” “I suppose you’re right,” Brainerd said. “But I’ve got to make some changes to the crews. The men he sent up when he was a policeman are shunning him, and it takes team work to get those stones cut. Now, I’m leasing this convict and I can do what I like, but since you came to me and asked that he be put in that crew, it’s only right that I come to you and discuss the matter.”
“I don’t give a rat’s ass about team work.”
“It’s team work that gets me more stone quarried than the contract calls for, and it’s that extra stone that makes this profitable for both of us. You want less money coming in, you want to have to go to Springfield to ask them for a hand-out, well, don’t say I haven’t tried to do right by you.” Not getting the reaction he sought, Brainerd continued. “That new prison for the criminally insane is to be enclosed by the first of January next year. I’d hate to have to go back to the General Assembly and explain to them why this quarry isn’t producing the stone in a timely fashion.”
“You know your business, I suppose,” the warden said. He stroked the end of his moustache, deep in thought. “Can’t make this look like a favor to the prisoner. Are you looking for special treatment, 46?”
“I’m not asking for favors, sir,” Dan said. He caught on fast. “You’re not asking to be moved from the stone yard?” the warden asked.
“No sir, I am not.”
“You’ll do the work as ordered?”
“I intend to be a model prisoner while I’m here, sir. You’ll have no trouble from me.” Under the striped trousers, Dan’s knees quaked.
“Look at it from my perspective, Warden. How often do I get a lifer, a man I can train to be a crew foreman, and get some consistency out of the laborers,” Brainerd said. “His strength should hold out for years. Let me manage things my way, and you’ll see, it’s better for both of us.”
On the way back to the stone pile, Brainerd had little to say, until they were well out of earshot of other convicts and guards. He brought Dan into the ramshackle office at the top of the quarry and told him to take a seat behind the desk, where pen and paper waited.
“Write this down. My dearest wife, comma. Next line. Send all correspondence to Mr. E. R. Brainerd, Leland Hotel, Chicago through Sister Patricia, Sacred Heart Convent, West Taylor Street, Chicago. Now sign it and give it to me to counter-sign.”
“What is this?” Dan was no fool. He wouldn’t be roped into an infraction that could send him to solitary for the rest of his days.
“Don’t ask questions.”
He didn’t realize he was holding his breath until he gasped when Brainerd penned his own name on the paper and implicated himself in his scheme. The stone contractor folded the letter, put it in an envelope and sealed it before asking Dan for his wife’s address. He carefully wrote out ‘Franklin Street’ and ‘Hancock, Michigan’ and then stuffed the paper into his breast pocket. “You write to her through official channels to avoid suspicion, do you understand? My foreman here, Mr. Groth, will collect your letters and forward hers to you. By necessity, this will be infrequent.”
“I’m grateful to you.” More than grateful. Prisoners were allowed to write one letter every five weeks, and those were censored. “Don’t be. Do have any idea how much labor trouble is being stirred up on the outside? You, Mr. Coughlin, are my insurance policy against labor organizers shutting down my quarry operation. We understand each other?”
“Yes sir, we do.”
“Good. Now let’s get you a crew and get back to the quarry. You’re required to produce the daily quota of block no matter what agreement we have here between us.”
That evening after supper, Dan received a stack of books from Mr. Brainerd, along with a note advising the prisoner to spend his time in personal improvement and study. He thumbed through the engineering manuals, seeing the potential to be gained, but he stopped when he found a piece of contraband newspaper pasted on one of the pages. The report detailed a recent incident in which Captain Schuettler, a temperance man, just happened to enter a saloon one rainy night, where he was set upon by Alderman McCormick, a friend to the Chicago Irish. In the so-called struggle, the Captain shot Bob Gibbons, a bartender who had testified in Dan’s behalf. Bob Gibbons was dead. The Coroner determined that the shooting was a case of self-defense. The far-fetched story told by Schuettler and his accomplices was taken as gospel at the inquest. “So that’s how it’s going to be,” Dan said to the cockroach that lazed on the lid of the slop bucket.



THIRTY


DAN


There were ways to pass information from cell to cell, ways that involved bribes to the lackeys or sympathetic keepers. Dan learned that Pat O’Sullivan was having a time of it, making shoes for the benefit of Seiz, Schwab and Company but unable to keep up the pace. As punishment, Pat was often denied commissary privileges, but it wasn’t the commissary that he needed. The nearby steel mill filled the prison with noxious fumes and smoke, a haze that poisoned Pat’s weak lungs as he toiled away at the cobbler’s bench, head down, eyes on his work. As long as he could hear the Mass once a month, he said, spend a holy hour with Burke and Coughlin at his side, he could find the strength to survive the rest of the days. It wasn’t inner fortitude that he needed, as far as Dan could judge. Pat spent more time in the infirmary than the shoe shop.
They all spent a fair amount of time in the visitor’s cage, thanks to pay-offs. Prison rules dictated one visit every eight weeks, but Michael Whalen called often and the trustee dutifully recorded an attorney’s call, on which there were no limits. Several of Dan’s political pals came to see him, to let him know what was happening in Springfield and Chicago, and the glorious opportunity to form words and sentences left Dan giddy at the end of every session.
Cut off from society, two months in prison felt like two hundred years, and he was desperate for information about the appeal and the public’s mood. On the Saturday before St. Patrick’s Day, one of the old-timers called him out of the quarry because his attorneys were making a call. Dan dropped his tools at his feet and marched double time to the attorney’s room, the lackey scrambling to keep pace.
A cold March drizzle left beads of moisture clinging to his cap and jacket, a mark of the weather that Pat commented on at once. For Pat and Martin, there was no weather, only the sameness of the prison’s dank gloom. Their faces stood out in the gathering, prison pallor against the robust features of free men.
“’Tis a walk from the stone pile,” Martin said, apropos of nothing. Human beings kept in silence, however, would say anything for the sake of speaking when given the chance.
“We’re in no hurry to finish, surely?” Mr. Forrest said.
From a large valise, Mr. Donahoe retrieved three bundles of legal briefs tied with string. Laying them aside, he continued to dig down until he’d brought out three boxes and three jars of milk. The convicts didn’t need to be told what to do. Dan wolfed down the ham sandwich in three bites and downed the milk in one long gulp. He was gobbling up the apple cake when he looked over at Pat, who was slowly savoring every bite. Martin was only half-finished himself.
“Have you been in solitary?” Donahoe asked. “You’ve lost fifteen or twenty pounds by my best estimation.”
“Starvation rations is all,” Dan said. Hunger was his constant companion. A couple of bucks would buy him an extra ration, but he’d gotten sick so often that it seemed like a waste of money to fill his belly when he ended up puking it away.
“St. Patrick is smiling on you, Mr. Coughlin,” Mr. Wing said. “Barney Flynn was dismissed from the force for mishandling evidence.”
Dismissed from the force, but still walking around free; the news did nothing to improve Dan’s mood. He’d been having nightmares lately, involving Maggie lost in the woods around Hancock, while he searched for her but always seemed to be a few steps behind. Absent-minded, he licked the last of the sugar crumbs from his fingers as he thought of his wife. His heart ached with missing her, but he couldn’t let her come to visit, either. Keeping her away led to problems at home, conflicts with his stepmother and a living nightmare that he could not wake from. In need of guidance, he turned to his lawyer for help. “My wife’s been asking to come see me,” Dan said. “I won’t let her see me in stripes. Can something be arranged so I don’t have to deny her?”
“Good man yourself,” Burke said.
“Prison rules,” Mr. Forrest said with a sad shrug. “All inmates must wear the uniform.”
“Hold on, there’s an exception made for children,” Mr. Donahoe cut in abruptly. “If she brings one or both children, you can dress in civilian clothes. It will be arranged. Any other requests, gentlemen?” 
A shaking of heads was the response. “Very well, let’s get down to business. We’re taking the appeal to the Supreme Court. Is there any desire on your parts to be granted a supersedeas?” Forrest asked.
“Which would alter your status here so that you would not be required to work,” Mr. Wing said.
“No,” Pat said at once. “For the love of God, the work is a misery but it’s better than sitting in those cells for twenty-four hours of the day.”
To be taken out of the quarry meant Dan would be cut off from Mr. Brainerd and his connection to the outside world. Isolation in a cell would be too horrible to endure. “No supersedeas. When will the appeal be filed?” Dan asked.
“At the upcoming sitting of the court. As to strategy,” Mr. Forrest said.
It was Mr. Donahoe’s cue. He leaned over the table and spoke in a low voice. The warden’s wife had a reputation as a snoop, and they could not risk Longenecker or one of his hired cronies discovering the maneuver. What they wanted to do from the start, and had been denied by McConnell, was to get each defendant a separate trial. By filing individual appeals, the court would be forced into that very scenario. “Mr. O’Sullivan will go first,” Donahoe concluded, his eyes avoiding Dan’s furious glare.
“God damn it, Mr. Forrest, but I have a wife and two children. I’ve got to get out of here,” Dan said. He was on his feet, pacing to and fro as if the room were on fire and he couldn’t find the exit.
“The Supreme Court may not hear the appeal at all,” Forrest said. “Besides the potential for disappointment, which I fear would crush you because you have a family whose welfare concerns you, there is a very real perception kept alive in the press that you are the ringleader, the brains behind the operation. The court will look more kindly on a man labeled a tool of a more powerful mind. Once the door is opened, you may then walk through.”
“We have to lay the groundwork,” Wing said. “Mr. Burke here is a patient man and can wait his turn. That leaves you and Mr. O’Sullivan. Of the two, you are the stronger, Mr. Coughlin. We feel that you are more likely to endure the wait.”
“What about my children?” Dan asked. “Who’s to provide for them? And my wife? She’s being pulled in every direction and I’ve lost control of my family.”
“It will be better for everyone if you let her go to her family in Ishpeming,” Forrest said.
“Let her go? She’s gone. Violating my wishes.” Dan stopped pacing and sat at the table again. “I might as well be dead. I’m dead to her.”
“Don’t talk nonsense,” Wing said. “You know why she had to go?
“Do you know?” Dan asked.
“I was contacted by certain parties in Hancock,” Donahoe said. “There was no alternative, Mr. Coughlin. Friends did not intrude in your personal domestic matters. They did what was thought best for your family and your wife’s peace of mind. No love lost between you and your stepmother, is there?”
“Listen, Dan, if things go in my favor, I swear to you on my immortal soul that I’ll look after your wife like she’s my own sister. Your kids, they’d be like my own flesh and blood,” Pat said. He was selected to go first in the appeals process because he was sick. His days were surely numbered if he didn’t get out of the stinking prison and into the fresh air of his Wisconsin farm.
“Me and the boys would see she never wanted for anything,” Burke added.
“I know you would, Martin,” Dan said, his voice weak with the strain of holding back tears. “Thanks a million, Pat. No choice, really. Let it be done as Mr. Forrest has set it up.”
“We’ll know before the end of the summer,” Mr. Forrest said. “Please don’t get your hopes up too high. There are three men in this very prison who pinned their hopes on the Supreme Court for the same legal errors, and the Justices didn’t see it in the same light.”
“The Justices didn’t see an army of Irish voters charging to the polls,” Dan said. The Haymarket Anarchists were German and the Germans were disorganized when it came to politics. “All those judges have to do is look at what just happened to the former Mayor Cregier. Everyone knows why he lost the election. And they know it can happen to them.”
Alexander Sullivan would see to it. Of that Dan had no doubt. The good Sisters at the Sacred Heart Convent wouldn’t be acting as go-betweens for Dan and Maggie if their chief benefactor hadn’t set the wheels into motion.



THIRTY-ONE


MACKIE


The undertaker gave Mackie a signal and he opened the valise that contained the vestments. A small party was already waiting at the gates of Calvary Cemetery, needing only Father Toomey and Father Muldoon to lead their puny procession. He caught a glimpse of the mourners milling around as he assisted the priests into their robes. So much smaller than Cronin’s first send-off. It was laughable. From a big parade to this, about seventy-five people who were dragged out of their homes so Mrs. Conklin could play the role of chief mourner once again. Not even Cronin’s family showed up for the bastard’s burial. That said it all, right there.
“This will put paid to the people of Evanston and their fear that the corpse would pollute their water supply,” Father Toomey said.
“As if they could stop the Chicago Archdiocese from using its burial grounds.”
“If the Conklins hadn’t put up such a fuss about burying their one at the eastern edge of the cemetery, there wouldn’t have been any discussion,” Father Muldoon said. “The woman’s insufferable.”
“The Archbishop would have been happier if things had been kept quiet,” Toomey said. “He doesn’t believe Dr. Cronin was a Catholic at all.”
“He did sing in choirs at Protestant churches,” Mackie said.
Toomey wagged his head at Muldoon. “There you have it, from the horse’s mouth,” he said. As far as they were concerned, Eugene MacSwiney was the closest thing to family that Cronin had in Chicago, and the Jesuits at St. Ignatius School had done the right thing when they asked that the young man be allowed to participate in the internment. Far be it from Mackie to disavow them of their misperception. He wanted to be there.
The gravesite that Mrs. Conklin had selected was desolate, and the half-finished fence did nothing to amend the view. Not until the precise location of the new Sheridan Road was determined could the fence be completed, and that squabble could go on for years. Even with the possibility that a fencepost could end up in the middle of Dr. Cronin’s final resting place, the old bitch didn’t budge. The Conklins were heading up a fundraising drive so that they could erect an impressive monument to their fallen hero, and they wanted it close to the road so passers-by would forever be reminded of their personal saint.
Mackie looked down into the open grave, and noted the cement vault that had been installed to appease the concerns of the Evanston Water Commissioners. He kicked a few grains of sand into the hole. The so-called problems with the grave were masking the real issue. No one wanted Cronin. People were too polite to speak their minds. The fact that so few showed up for the burial and commemoration of the first anniversary of Cronin’s death? That was the proof of Mackie’s theory.
“Out of the deep have I cried unto thee, O Lord,” Father Muldoon intoned the prayers at the grave. A few Hibs stood around in their uniforms, looking bored. Looking at Mackie in his cassock and lace surplice. Smiling at a lad who was attending St. Ignatius on a scholarship provided by Michael Kerwin and James Tuohy, self-made Irish millionaires. Heading for St. Francis Seminary in Milwaukee in September, again on the charity of two leading Catholic citizens.
At the tips of Father Toomey’s toes, the sand fell away and landed in the vault. Mackie held the vat of holy water while Muldoon wielded the aspersorium through a cross-shaped pattern, thereby consecrating the ground that would hold the body of a devil. He half- expected to hear the cold water hiss against the hot stone of hell.
The grave diggers lowered the coffin into the pit, loose pebbles rattling off the sides and pinging on the concrete below. Each priest tossed a handful of sand on top of the coffin, and then Father Toomey took the holy water from Mackie so that the young man could join in the committal. There was a finality about it that gave him intense pleasure.
A gaggle of Mrs. Conklin’s lady friends and their daughters made a ridiculous show of strewing the coffin with flowers. There were no lady friends in Cronin’s life. Handkerchiefs fluttered as the women dabbed at their eyes, crying over what never had a chance of being.
The first few drops of a spring shower landed with a thud on the stone slab that covered the coffin. One of the grave diggers climbed into the hole to handle the cement that his supervisor tossed down with a shovel, to seal up Cronin for good. The grave was filled in with a lack of ceremony, the workers probably relieved that they were shoveling dry sand rather than frozen mud. Wreaths and bouquets that the mourners brought along were laid in a haphazard array to mask the bare ground. More drops pelted the leaves and petals, ran to the ground where individual spots coalesced until the color of the sand was again uniform. Muldoon and Toomey hurriedly removed their stoles and handed them to Mackie while they made a dash for the far end of the cemetery where the train would meet them. Making haste, everyone turned their back on Cronin in his isolated resting place.
He thought of Detective Coughlin, who had looked out for him. He recalled Mr. O’Sullivan’s kindness, and Mr. Burke’s advice. “This is from the ones whose lives you destroyed,” Mackie said. He stood at the doctor’s head, opened his pants, and watered the grave.



THIRTY-TWO


DAN


Shortly after the first anniversary of Cronin’s assassination, Dan was pulled out of the quarry at the warden’s order, and the trustee gave him a look that said serious trouble was waiting. “Don’t know if you’re in on the grub route with Burke,” the inmate said, “but I’d deny it if I was you.”
“I don’t know a thing about it,” Dan said. Not much of a surprise, that Burke had gotten himself into a fix. Men like him needed minding because they couldn’t mind themselves.
“Foreman in the cooper shop charges fifty bucks a head. Carries contraband in and out.” The inmate lowered his voice and spoke out of the side of his mouth. “Got caught with a message from Burke to a pal in the harness shop, asking if he could get transferred.”
“Coopering’s hard, hard work,” Dan said. Forcing the metal bands down tight around the staves was nearly as demanding as quarrying.
“You know the rules about not communicating cell to cell. The warden’s a real stickler for his rules. And when those rules get broken, well, I’m glad I’m not in your shoes.”
“Someone squealed,” Dan said. Someone who was jealous of Burke for acquiring a little cash for commissary purchases, most likely. The civilian supervisors in the shops were only human and they didn’t see the harm in improving an inmate’s lot, especially when they could profit from their kindness.
“The foreman’s been canned. The night watchman was in on it. He’s fired.”
“What does this have to do with me?”
“You’re one of the Cronin murderers, ain’t you? The warden figures you’re all in on it together, plotting and planning like a secret cabal.”
Pat and Martin were standing in the warden’s office when Dan arrived. The minute he walked in the door, five keepers commenced a thorough search that had all three convicts down to their drawers in no time.
Like a man claiming victory, the jail guard held up a small wad of bills that he pulled from Pat’s sock. “Where did you acquire these three dollar bills?” Warden Berggren asked.
“A visitor stitched them into a tidy for my cell,” Pat said. “She handed it to me in the visitor’s cage.”
Mr. Berggren waved a ten dollar bill in front of Dan’s face, discovered all folded up in the waistband of his pants. “I suppose this was given to you by a visitor?”
“Yes sir, it was given me by a caller,” Dan said. “To pass along to my wife.”
Together they were marched down to the solitary cells, where a barred door was fronted by a solid wood door that had an opening for the keeper to spy on the inmate. Carpets created a path for the keepers to walk while on watch, carpets that muffled the click of their heels on the floor. There would be no sound in solitary. No light. Men lost their minds. Went insane. O’Sullivan took to wheezing, doubling over as he tried to catch his breath. They pushed him into a cell and locked it up. Martin went in the next one down, while Dan was shut away on the opposite side of the narrow corridor. Their hands were manacled to the bars so that they had to remain standing. The wooden door was closed and locked. It was dark inside. Dark like a tomb. Cold stone. Cold steel. Dan started to shake and he couldn’t stop.
Six days, the warden said. Six days and they’d learn discipline. A cup of water and two ounces of bread, their only meal served once per day. He would never last for six days without more food. They wanted him to squeal. They were torturing him so that he would squeal.
Nothing changed to mark the time passing. His legs ached. His feet throbbed. His knees were sore. God help him. He rested his head against the door, as if the chilly metal would give him comfort. God help him.
“Christe, audi nos.”
Christ, hear us. Dan shouted at the top of his lungs, screamed so that his voice might reach Heaven. Might reach his dear sainted mother and the Mother of God.
“Pater de caelis, Deus.” So they had prayed at his mother’s funeral, all the Coughlin children and Dennis but a shadow of a man. 
“Miserere nobis.” The port opened and Dan heard the response from the keeper, but he also heard muffled voices. They would all pray, then, all three innocent men who were being tortured for the pleasure of the Protestant masses who snapped up every newspaper with a story about the jailed Cronin murderers and increased the editors’ profits.
“Sancta Trinitas, unus Deus.”
“Miserere nobis.” The warden’s hands were tied. He couldn’t fire a man for being Catholic, and in a town like Joliet, with a large Irish-Catholic population, Berggren wouldn’t keep his position long if he tried to ban a prisoner from practicing his faith.
“Sancta Maria.” Dan found strength when he thought he had none to spare.
“Ora pro nobis.”
 “Sancta Dei Genetrix” 
“Ora pro nobis.”
In solitary, the three were buried alive and it was right to intone the Litany of the Saints. Let them try to punish Dan for infringing some rule. He was a bold Fenian man, one of the Fianna, an Irish warrior who would not be defeated. “Sancte Michael.”
“Ora pro nobis.” 
“Sancte Gabriel.”
 “Ora pro nobis.”
Pray for us. Pray for us. Dan’s throat ached with the effort to be heard, but the familiar rhythm of the litany soothed him at the same time. A calmness settled into his heart as he rattled off one saint after another, never faltering. The altar boy from Hancock, Michigan, lived in him yet. Pray for us. Pray for us. He never forgot the Latin responses, and didn’t need to study the missal before serving the Mass with Father Daniel on that one golden Sunday each month when the Catholic prisoners could find solace with a retelling of Christ’s suffering and death. Ora pro nobis, pray for us. Pray for us. It was like a drug, the repeating, the music of it. God was with them. The strength of the Lord.
“Agnus Dei, qui tollis peccata mundi.”
 “Parce nobis, Domine.”
The Agnus Dei, then the Kyrie. A Pater Nostre. Was it enough, or did they need more divine intervention? 
“Et ne nos inducas in tantationem.”
“Sed libera nos a malo.” Deliver us from evil. The keeper had been praying with them and put his job at risk. Easy enough to accuse him of Clan na Gael membership and give him the boot. Joliet was full of Clan na Gael supporters, and most of them made a point of visiting with Dan to boost his spirits.
“In nomine Patris et Filii et Spiritus Sancti. Amen.”
For good measure, Dan decided to ask the Virgin Mary to intercede on their behalf, in the event that Her Son was pre-occupied with the endless stream of prayers from the downtrodden Irish. In his mind, he saw the rosary that his mother always carried to Mass, her fingers sliding the beads along and her lips moving ever so slightly. Ave Maria, gratia plena, he had no idea if he was whispering or screaming. He hoped Warden Berggren could hear him, good and loud, through the Creed and the Pater Nostre and the Glorias. He’d pray for six days straight, no, nine days and he’d make a novena. There were no rules on earth that could stop him.
The outside door opened and the keeper removed the manacles. Dan fell to the floor, every muscle in his legs throbbing. A wooden cot was brought in so that he could sleep, no blankets or pillow or mattress. Shivering, Dan stretched out on the floor and welcomed his old friend, hunger. Time passed, but he could not judge if it was seconds or hours. Warden Berggren appeared before him, his face red with fury but Dan’s ears were stopped up by God’s mercy and he had no idea what the man said.
With difficulty, Dan got to his feet, woozy from the effort.The keeper caught him before he fell down. “Back to work with you,” the keeper said. Dan stared at him for a moment, as if he could not quite comprehend the English language.
“My investigation has concluded that you had nothing to do with the grub route,” Berggren said. “As there was no infraction of the rules, there will be no punishment.”
“That money in my waistband, a visitor gave it to me to give to my wife,” Dan said.
“I will see to it that she receives it,” the warden said. “Father Daniel, I expect, will be happy to perform this service for you.” 
Puzzled, Dan looked to the keeper for clarity but the keeper only winked at him and gave him a nudge in the back to get moving.



THIRTY-THREE


DAN


Prisoners didn’t need newspapers when they had visitors who spoke in code. He soon learned that laborers in the quarries around Joliet had gone out on strike, and their elected representatives in Springfield were under pressure to examine the leased convict labor system that was undercutting free labor. It was easy to spread the word through the prison population, and agitate the convict gangs while making men like Mr. Brainerd very nervous. He was amassing a small fortune off his contracts, paying only what it cost the State to keep the convicts in squalor and short rations while selling stone at market rates, and he very much wanted to keep the status quo.
The system that Dan arranged with Brainerd and Groth, the quarry foreman, suited him and he very much wanted to keep his own status quo. Getting personal letters from Maggie, correspondence that only he read, gave him the strength to carry on for another day. It was the only way that she could send him cakes or meat pies when he was forbidden from receiving any such delicacies. It was the only way to get around the rules that had been tightened after his one night stint in solitary.
What was supposed to be six days confinement had ended abruptly. Brought to the warden’s office and expecting a more severe punishment, Dan instead listened to Father Daniel lecture Mr. Berggren on religious practices and the United States Constitution. By the end of the discussion, it was decided that Prisoner 46 could keep the rosary that was donated by the Joliet diocese, and there would be no problem if Catholic inmates wished to pray in Latin. They were forbidden from communicating from cell to cell and that rule would not be relaxed. No sooner had one meeting concluded than Dan was called to the visitor’s cage. Henry Carmody and Lawrence Kelly of the Illinois General Assembly had arrived in advance of an official State committee. The legislators were probing the illegal convict labor system in exacting detail, to prepare a report that would be delivered to the governor. The warden wasn’t about to let a gang of micks run his jail, and he wasn’t going to run scared from the politicians who paid his salary. He didn’t put Dan back in solitary to finish out the six day sentence, either.
* * *
“Visitor for you Coughlin,” Groth announced on a hot May afternoon. “Civilian dress.”
Code for a visit from Maggie and the babies, who had burst into tears when they first saw Dan behind the bars. Michael, an infant, able to roll over on his own and Dan missing all the milestones that were such miracles. Did the boy know the sickly man on the other side of the bars was his father? Would either child be damaged in their mind because they’d seen their father in jail? Without their visits every two months, he would never survive. God forgive him if he was being selfish and harming his children in any way, but he was of more use to them alive than dead, assuming the appeal was won and a second trial was successful.
The clothes that he’d come in with were long gone from the pile of miscellaneous garments that were handed out to men being released. An ill-fitting pair of brown wool trousers and a threadbare shirt with no collar was judged good enough by the convict trustee who parceled out civilian clothes but had no hope of ever putting them on himself.
Bouncing like a rubber ball was Annie when she caught sight of her father. Maggie only choked up, her handkerchief to her mouth to keep from screaming. For all the treats that she sent via Mr. Brainerd, Dan continued to lose weight. Toiling in the stone pile had left his spine curved, his back hunched. He had learned how to set the feathers so that the block cracked sideways and had to be used for gravel. A convict had but few pleasures in his life.
“Papa, when you’re better, will you come to live with us in Ishpeming?” Annie asked. “Our boarders are very nice, aren’t they Mama? They work in the mines and they play with us on Sundays. “
“Big fellas, are they?” Dan asked.
Of course they were big. They were there to protect Maggie and the kids from the Pinkertons who had been nosing around Hancock after Dan’s stepsister shot off her mouth about all the money that Maggie had coming in. The conflict in the house blew up into a storm and Dennis brought the family down to Maggie’s people in the Iron Mountain range, ignoring Dan’s humiliation at returning his wife to her father. Impotent. Feeble. His rights as a husband were ignored. She said she was happy at his cousin’s boarding house, glad of the added income. It was something to fall back if the U.B. donations dried up. Skivvying for strangers without a word of complaint. A jewel, his Maggie. She deserved better than what she’d ended up with.
“Did you know that Mr. Sullivan had to sell his house?” Maggie asked. She kept her voice low, aware of the hovering presence of the keepers. “Am I to pay Mr. Forrest the remainder of the bill?”
“It’s not up to us, darlin’,” Dan said. “You’re not to fret. I see that fashion has changed since last summer. Give us a show, ladies. Let’s see your summer finery.”
Smiles and giggles, laughs and whispered endearments that spoke of longing. A thirty minute visit was never long enough. Dan wondered if Annie truly remembered her father or was just repeating something Maggie might have told her to say to spare his feelings. He wondered if Maggie had regrets, even though she told him every time he asked, “Never regrets. Never.”
* * *
There were rumors that Mrs. Conklin had hired thugs to kidnap the children, to be held until Dan squealed. There were rumors that Maggie would be arrested as an accessory to the crime. Convicts warned him that Billy Wallace had paid off the barber to slit Dan’s throat. Organized an assassination crew with five other men Dan had sent up, each one ready to kill the ex-detective in the prison yard during the Fourth of July festivities or at the Christmas variety show. A man doing ten years for manslaughter had volunteered to pitch Dan over the gallery rail when his Irish posse wasn’t around to protect him. He lived in a state of constant terror, worried himself sick and ended up in the hospital wing with severe diarrhea for the fifth time in as many months.
The convict nurse was a familiar face to anyone who sat through the trial of the Haymarket Anarchists. Dan feared that Oscar Neebe would poison him, in retribution for the policeman’s role in the case. He eyed the beef tea with suspicion, turned his head away at the powders dropped into a glass of water.
“Here now, Mr. Coughlin, that’s no way to be,” Neebe said. “You have nothing to fear from me, of all people. Indeed, I am most grateful to you.”
Cramps rippled through his guts, a sharp pain that took his breath away. “Not funny.”
“I am being perfectly serious. You have no idea how much we have in common.” Neebe proffered the mug of greasy liquid. “We follow the appeals of you and your friends with great interest.”
The prison doctor breezed by, to exam the patient in the minimum amount of time. Sick men cost the state money. It was the doctor’s job to get them back to work as soon as possible to cut expenses. He took the glass from the table at Dan’s side and as much as poured the vile tasting liquid down his throat. “Another day, 46, and we’ll see how you’re feeling.”
“As I was saying,” Neebe continued after the doctor was gone. “Here we are. One case of a packed jury, one case of perjured testimony; the public will stomach this. Do it again, to a race that has demonstrated a remarkable talent for putting their fellows into elected office? The American people have a limited capacity for injustice, Mr. Coughlin. Your appeal may well succeed. In that case, so will mine. I ride on your coat tails."
“Then you’d want to see me live to vindicate myself,” Dan said. The medicine made his gut ache worse.
“Indeed. But I would also give you some advice to see you through what I know will be a trying ordeal. You may not know that my wife died three years ago. I was promised permission to go to her funeral. When the time came, my request was denied.” Dan stared at the calm features of a man who had been abused with a cruelty more heinous than solitary confinement. “They treat us worse than dogs. They rob us of our freedom and dignity. Don’t let them rob you of your humanity.”
Whatever the doctor had dosed him with, it only made matters worse. Excusing himself, Dan raced to the water closet, to empty bowels that could not possibly contain any matter. When Dan returned to his hospital bed, Neebe was gone. A copy of Les Miserables had been left on the pillow.
For two days, Dan was on sick call and for those two days Neebe stopped at his bedside to have a chat about anarchy and labor and the rights of the workers to an eight hour day for ten hours pay. It was a blessing to return to the quarry, where Mr. Groth had a letter from Maggie that warned Dan to prepare for news, whether good or bad no one could say. He counted out the hours, ten at a time, the number of blocks ruined, all but two and that for show because Groth was chatting with him about the stonecutter’s strike. Ten more hours, one good block, another ten hours and another and another, until May became June and Dan was called to the lawyer’s room.
Sandwiches and milk for the three convicts opened the conference, but Mr. Forrest wore such a broad smile that it could only be good news. “The Supreme Court has granted a continuance and Longenecker is hoisted on his own petard.”
“Does it mean a new case or not?” Pat asked. His hands were shaking. After six days in solitary, his nerves were shot. 
“The Attorney General claimed that I had filed the bill of exceptions on the eleventh of February, in which case the court should have considered the appeal in their March session.” Forrest smoothed down the front of his suit coat, pausing for effect. “The records show that I presented the bill of exceptions to the State’s Attorney on that day, but then he sat on it. I didn’t get it back until I filed a motion with Judge McConnell and he was forced to take action. Proof, gentleman, that Mr. Longenecker thought he could put one over on me but he failed. No doubt but that the bill was actually filed on the fourteenth of March, too late for the March session.”
“But why a continuance?” Dan asked. The constant delay was maddening.
“The Attorney General was yet to be furnished with the record by the State’s Attorney. No brief presented to him by Longenecker, no assistants available to help him prepare.” The noted lawyer was quite pleased with himself.
After handing out transcripts of the hearing, Mr. Donahoe retrieved a pie from the bottom of his valise, pulled a small knife out of his vest pocket, and cut the pie into thirds. “It also means that we must wait for the next sitting of the Court,” he said. The pie was like sand in Dan’s mouth.
* * *
Several times after that meeting, while pounding a chisel between the feathers, Dan thought of taking a running jump and making an end of it. The summer heat was brutal, burning his neck until it blistered. He was hospitalized with heat stroke three times, sun poisoning twice, and frequent bouts of diarrhea left him too weak to climb out of his cot. A fierce, unshakable melancholia took hold as summer gave way to autumn. For his birthday, Maggie sent him a collection of photographs and an album to hold them. He couldn’t bear to look at the pictures.
Friends from Hancock came to visit more often. Dennis was punctual, showing up exactly eight weeks after his previous call, while Maggie brought the children whenever she could, saving up her allowed visits to coincide with the holidays. It broke Dan’s heart, to watch his children play on the floor of the visitors cage, as if that were a normal part of any American childhood. In a way, he preferred visits from his friends in the General Assembly, the men he’d help to put into office. Talking politics was a relief to him, when he was desperate to escape from a situation he could not escape.
“Please, for the sake of your health, attend the Christmas program,” Maggie said at the close of their December visit, one that fell between Dan’s thirty-first birthday and the holiday season. “You need a laugh or a bit of fun. Hard as it will be, please, make yourself go and make yourself laugh at the jokes and sing along with the songs.”
“You ask too much of me sometimes,” Dan said.
With her back to the guards, she slipped a folded up greenback through the bars, money to bribe the trustee who distributed clean drawers. It meant fresh underclothes weekly rather than every two weeks. When he changed back into his stripes, he would hide the cash in his sock. “Eat all you can at dinner. And I’ve left a cigar for you. The warden says you’re only allowed to smoke at Christmas and I want it to be a good one.”
“Will you be getting Annie some new shoes for Christmas?” Dan asked. Convicts were limited in what they could discuss with their callers, and he wanted to know what was happening with the strike. 
“A bit more dear for a pair if I do,” Maggie said. Her eyes sparkled. For the first time, Dan noticed two creases lodged above her nose, and a deeper shadow growing at the sides of her mouth. “There’s a boycott on, of the firm that runs the shoe shop here. All the tradesmen are behind it. What good is cheap labor if you can’t even give your product away? Let them run to ruin.”
“You won’t forget me, will you, Maggie?”
“Don’t talk like that.” The smile vanished from her lips. “Don’t ever talk like that, Daniel Coughlin.”



THIRTY-FOUR


ALECK


The anti-Irish newspapers were keen to label any Irish politicians a Clan na Gael man, but that only drove the Irish to the polls in force to boot Cregier out of office. The fool had re-instated the police officers he had dismissed for the crime of testifying on behalf of Dan Coughlin, as if a grand gesture could mask his treachery. A case of too little, too late, and the high muckity-mucks were outraged that Washburne was the new Mayor of Chicago. Outraged and out-numbered. Aleck Sullivan savored the taste of victory.
Mr. Wing was doing well, to take offices in the new Rookery Building. Aleck entered through the magnificent lobby, a bright atrium flooded with sunlight from a glass roof. The marble stairs swept up to the second floor in a graceful curve. The architect was celebrated, while no one considered the men who bolted together the steel beams that made the soaring skyscrapers possible. As a staunch supporter of the Knights of Labor, Aleck would make sure they soon would.
Senator-elect O’Malley was there, trading friendly jibes with Mr. Trude and Mr. Kerwin. “The public never wearies of nonsensical tales of further arrests in the Cronin case,” Mr. Kerwin said. O’Malley laughed, but he was not laughing in January when his opponent tried to tar him with the Cronin brush. Like so many attempts to sway the emotions of the voters, the claim that O’Malley was a Clan na Gael operative got out the Irish vote. A dedicated Republican, Aleck looked the other way when the Democrats stuffed the ballot boxes for the man who had testified for the defense.
“Trade unionism put me in, gentlemen, and I’ll do right by the tradesmen,” O’Malley said. “First order of business is to investigate the convict labor contracts at the state penitentiary.”
“For reasons of my own, I ask that you avoid antagonizing the stone contractor,” Aleck said.
“Should you need a ready excuse, O’Malley, keep in mind that the blocks being quarried are needed for the construction of the new jail in Chester,” Kerwin said. “The public can’t quibble about convict labor being used to the benefit of the state, rather than a private concern that is at war with organized labor.”
“Even so, that particular contract was made after the amendment barring convict piece labor was enacted,” O’Malley said. “Senator Mahoney bends my ear on the topic at every opportunity and I promise you he’s determined to put an end to it. Brainerd makes a clean profit of seven cents per man per day. He’s got more convicts cutting stone than the contract allows.”
“As do all the contractors,” Mr. Wing said. “Focus on the cooperage and the shoe shop. The trade unions are already making things hot. Leaders in the cooper’s union are pushing for an investigation, and they may sue Governor Fifer and the Penitentiary Commission if they don’t get satisfaction.”
“You asked me about the inspection,” O’Malley said. “I’ve been shown the rough draft of the committee’s report.”
“The place is a pest house,” Wing said.
“Be that as it may, it would be a matter for another committee to investigate. We can deal with it in the next session of the General Assembly.” O’Malley got to his feet and walked to the window, a wide pane of fixed glass with two smaller sash windows on either side. The office was remarkably bright without a single electric bulb burning. “Warden Berggren sent Fifer a letter of resignation. He wants out before the General Assembly receives the official report and calls for his head on a platter.”
“Any hints as to his replacement?” Sullivan asked.
“We’ve put forward Henry Dement, used to be Secretary of State. Progressive type. Wife’s one of those dedicated Protestants who lives to do good,” O’Malley said. “Overbearing, killing with kindness. But changes need to be made. There’s incentive to act, with the World’s Fair coming to Chicago.”
“One other thing,” Trude said. “We need some new legislation to light a fire under the asses of the Supreme Court justices. O’Sullivan’s appeal was continued, and with the Supreme Court’s schedule, we wait months. The Attorney General will go right on seeking continuances until those three men die of over-work or disease.”
“I’ll put the bug in Kelly’s ear. He has some influence with his colleagues in the House,” O’Malley said. “Could take some doing and plenty of arm-twisting. I’ve visited Coughlin a couple of times. I’ll twist arms until they break.” 
“Put the right face on it,” Wing said. “Blame the courts for not clearing their dockets in a timely fashion. A trial within six terms of the court or the prisoner is released.”
“Make it three terms,” Aleck said.
Other issues held the interest of the gentlemen, a revelation that touched on Dan Coughlin directly. Because Michael Kerwin had gone to a friend in the Federal Government when Dan’s arrest all but ended the investigation into the Shufeldt Distillery bombing case, the Secret Service had gotten involved. No harm in convincing them that Coughlin’s arrest was a set-up, and what better evidence was there than the concomitant arrest of John Kunze, who had since been cleared of all charges in the Cronin murder. Just as Coughlin had deduced, it was the secretary of the Whiskey Trust who had built the bomb. The Secret Service had uncovered evidence in Secretary Gibson’s office safe.
“Does Coughlin know?” Mr. Trude asked.
“He’s very bitter,” Mr. Wing said. “Bitterness tinged with vindication, but bitter none the less.”
One of the sash windows stood open, but the air wafting in was heavy with the soot of an industrial city that was growing at a rapid pace. Specks of dust danced in the sunbeams, floating without direction or purpose until they found a berth on the sill. Aleck failed to notice that he was daydreaming until Kerwin asked him a question in a tone that suggested he was repeating himself.
“The O’Sullivan appeal, coupled with the second anniversary of their god’s death, are the cause of their latest uproar,” Aleck said. The Cronin-ites were making a great deal of noise about Camp No. 20, which they said was behind Cregier until Cregier lost the election. Never at a loss for bogeymen, the faction switched gears and claimed that Camp No. 20 was behind Cregier’s opponent Washburne. 
Their feeble outcry demanded that the policemen who were dismissed after testifying for the defense, only to be re-instated as a political expediency, should be dismissed again. Perhaps it was the latest reinstatement, that of Desk Sergeant Stift, who was restored to the force by Washburne at the same rank. The Cronin-ites had been thrown a bone, with Barney Flynn reinstated. The perjurer was patrolling a beat, however, and not sitting in the Detective’s Division. It was only a matter of time until Michael Whalen was returned to his job. The man had suffered enough, with his wife dead and his oldest daughter almost too young to take over housekeeping. Even Captain Schaack was reinstated, a turn of events that had Margaret roaring with laughter when she heard. The topic would be much discussed over dinner on Saturday night, when the Sullivans entertained some honored guests.
They would all have a good laugh at Luke Dillon and John Devoy’s expense, the Sullivans and the Trudes and the Kerwins and the Tuohys. The papers were full of invective, full of outlandish boasts that the important members of the devilish conspiracy were on the verge of being exposed---if only Mr. Devoy could gain control of the police force. The Cronin committee that worked so hard to put three innocent men in jail liked to claim that they could lay their hands on the conspirators whenever they wished, but those hands were tied by a police force under the control of the Triangle. Such utter nonsense. They had counted on the horrors of the Joliet Penitentiary to extract confessions, a plan that failed thoroughly.
* * *
Labor unrest cut into the donations that were used to support Coughlin’s family, an unrest that had gone beyond the calls for an end to contract convict labor. With the heat of July came violence, as strikers went after the scabs who took their positions and kept wages artificially low. Aleck walked on the shady side of Clark Street on his way to the Court House, where he would tackle his newest challenge. The architectural iron workers had walked off the job, leaving unfinished skyscrapers and threatening the construction of the World’s Fair. To retaliate, William Winslow of Winslow Brothers swore out a warrant for the arrest of the strike leaders, claiming a litany of injuries that stacked up into a conspiracy. Sullivan was rather sick of conspiracies.
No one could have been more shocked than Alexander Sullivan when he entered Justice Foster’s court. He never expected to see Luther Laflin Mills defending organized labor, and he certainly never expected to share the defense table with a man who would see Aleck hanged for Cronin’s murder.
“Has Mr. Hynes finished destroying Juror Culver’s reputation, or is there more meat to be picked off the dry bones?” Aleck asked. The prosecutor in the Cronin trial had been leading an investigation into the attempted jury rigging, and the unfortunate Mr. Culver was dragged in because he held out against hanging and five guilty verdicts. Bought off to acquit went Hynes’s reasoning, in spite of the fact that Culver compromised with his fellows and voted to convict three of the five. The Irishman had rather a conceited view of his capabilities as a prosecutor, so impossible was it for him to see the truth.
“Cranks always manage to slip through jury selection,” Mills said.
“Before long, the Supreme  ourt will determine that incompetent jurors are placed on panels contrary to law,” Aleck said. “Let us hope that we are not so saddled, Mr. Mills. As we both know from past experience, proving conspiracy is nearly impossible. Our approach, I presume, is to dismantle that part of the case and thereby cause a complete collapse?”
“Don’t lecture me about conspiracies, Mr. Sullivan,” Mills shot back. “The dogs in the street know those three men in Joliet did not concoct the murder on their own.”
“Why are they serving life sentences, in that case?”
“A poor counsel you shall make, sir. They were convicted because they engaged in a conspiracy.”
“You should read Judge McConnell’s decision more thoroughly, in granting John Kunze a new trial. He said there was no evidence of a conspiracy. I ask you again, why are three men rotting in prison?”
The first witness was called, a strikebreaker who claimed he was set upon by strikers who threatened bodily harm. He told the court about the knife he carried for protection, how he slashed at one of his assailants who was on trial. Mr. Fitch, leading the cross-examination, noted that the defendant had received a minor wound, and it was to his back. “Stabbed in the back,” Aleck murmured to Mills at his right hand. “Mr. Hynes should be here instead of you, Mr. Mills. Here’s an area of his expertise.”
A normally florid face turned deep red as Luther Laflin Mills fumed silently. He was not particularly calm when the court recessed for lunch, at which time he turned to Aleck and sneered about the Supreme Court never granting the appeals because they had denied the appeals of the Haymarket rioters for the same claims of jury incompetence. Like a gentleman, Aleck bowed slightly to acknowledge the remark, but he only smiled and said that time would tell. Time and political influence could heal all wounds.
* * *
He had bigger issues to deal with than the wounded pride of a fellow attorney. Affairs in Ireland were never far from Sullivan’s thoughts, the conclusion of the Parnell trial revealing a disaster for the Irish people. So bad was it that Michael Davitt came to Chicago in September to have a personal conference. Aleck, for his part, could do little more than battle against a sense that he had wasted time and effort with the dynamite plots and even the assassination of Cronin. Charles Stuart Parnell, the man who could be king of Ireland, was just another disappointment.
Doubt flowed in his veins as he drove a rig to the Union Station. What had he done, what had he done, he asked himself over and over as he paced on the platform, waiting for the train from California. To preserve the Land League and support Parnell, he had organized an assassination that went awry and sent three good men to prison, where reports said their health was broken and they were dying of exhaustion and pestilence. His own personal finances were stretched beyond the limit, nearly to the breaking point, and for what? For the Land League. For Davitt. Parnell was merely another in a long string of failures, weakeners who let down the Irish people at the critical moment. Someone else would rise up. The fight would go on, as it had continued beyond Robert Emmet’s death and the collapse of the Fenian uprising.
“Dreadful news,” Sullivan said as soon as he had clasped Davitt’s hand. The Secretary of the Land League, Mr. Sutton, wore a grave expression that told a full story.
“John Bull undermines our efforts again and we fall into the trap like timid rabbits,” Davitt said. He walked at a brisk pace, to out- run the press who shouted questions. Realizing the futility of escape, he stopped in his tracks and fielded a few simple questions. No, he was not staying in Chicago for the Land League convention. He had to return to Ireland. He knew little of Irish politics, having been on a long vacation in America for the past five months. As for Parnell’s successor, he preferred Mr. Sexton. With that, Aleck stepped forward and told the reporters that they had to go as Mrs. Sullivan was waiting supper. The crowd of pencil pushers parted and the trio hastened to the carriage.
“Disgusting,” Mr. Sutton said. “Captain O’Shea could have had no doubt that his wife was Parnell’s mistress. Content with the arrangement, in my opinion, with the knowledge that exposure at the right time could shatter all progress we had made.”
“The Church is turning on him,” Davitt said. “He’s finished. There’s some in this city who support him still. That Scanlan fellow who was Dr. Cronin’s friend. Fighting to reverse a course that will flow in no other direction.”
Free to speak in the relative privacy of the carriage, Aleck expressed his sorrow that the Irish Land League had no choice but to sever ties with its Chicago faction. The local group was splintering over the Parnell issue, with supporters and detractors prepared to fight for control of the chapter. Far too dangerous, in Davitt’s mind, to have any of John Devoy’s trusted followers gain access to the financial records, from learning exactly what had happened to the funds that Alexander Sullivan was said to have embezzled, as well the remainder of the war chest that was currently lodged in a Paris bank. The Irish leader needed no further proof of his suspicions after he learned that the Chicago branch was holding their preliminary meeting in Judge McConnell’s courtroom.
“Let them have their own organization and think they’re still part of the Land League,” Davitt said, “while the Land League continues with its mission to free Ireland. Mr. Sutton here will carry on as Secretary to the rump group, to monitor their activities. Ongoing affiliation with the organization in Ireland will cease.”
“I always found it strange that the Chicago branch stopped holding conventions after ‘86,” Sutton said.
“Cronin’s influence, as best as I can determine,” Aleck said. “He managed to get his fingers into everything.”
“A few of the Executives of the United Brotherhood will be meeting under the banner of the Land League,” Sutton said. “Something has to be done about the imprisoned soldiers. This cannot be allowed to stand.”
“I can assure you both that we have put into motion whatever we can do,” Aleck said. “The Cronin-ites have time on their side, and time is a great ally when one is dealing with inmates of the state penitentiary.”
“Understand that conditions in Ireland are as close to Black ‘47 as could be without being worse,” Davitt said. “More donations must be funneled to charity than ever before.”
“We have been forced to abandon the dynamite campaign for now,” Aleck said. “In truth, the loss of my lieutenant has left me disarmed. The fate of his family keeps me awake at night.”
The United Brotherhood was floundering with the revelation that Parnell was an adulterer who could not control his lust long enough to bring in Home Rule. Unable to mount a new round of dynamite warfare, they would do the next best thing. Once before, under the clever machinations of Dan Coughlin, a false alarm had created havoc without a single drop of nitroglycerine. They would do it again, through a whisper campaign among the vulnerable fools at the Land League convention. Friends of Cronin would be the dupes, to repeat rumors until the rumors blossomed into sureties.
“We have already begun to spread a fantastic lie, that an army of Irish-Americans are setting sail to invade Ireland,” Aleck said.
“Too preposterous to be believed,” Mr. Sutton said.
Mr. Davitt shifted on the seat, scratched his grizzled beard, and wagged a finger at his associate. With a smile, he assured Sutton that only the most preposterous, ridiculous and impossible plans were believable. It was a mark of the Irish people, driven to desperation after centuries of abuse. All they had left to try was the ridiculous and the preposterous.



THIRTY-FIVE


DAN


The last time that John Kunze had paid a visit, he boasted for thirty minutes straight about his financial success as an exhibit at the dime museum. Paid to stand around, he said with a laugh while his future wife nodded stupidly at his side, earning a salary while the curious gawked at the man who knew the infamous Cronin murderers. Dan could picture the living diorama that might have been staged, with Kunze seated in Dinan’s buggy behind the infamous white horse, and all for the sake of a dishonest dollar. Now he was back, and Dan wasn’t so sure he wanted to see the little pest.
“Before, I was not Clan na Gael.” Kunze pointed at his three former jail mates and then pointed at himself. “Now I am Dutch Clan na Gael.” 
Of the trio, Burke was the one most easily made to laugh and he had a good chuckle over Kunze’s quip. “Never heard such a brogue as yours in all my life,” Burke said.
“At the Ogden Grove picnic, me and my Lizzie were honored guests,” Kunze said. The annual event gathered together the Irish of Chicago, and to the nationalists, it was the most important function of the year. “So I must come here at once to bring you news. Everyone says you’ll win a new trial. Everyone.”
“Everyone?” Dan asked. “Even those illustrious prosecutors Kickham Scanlan and Joel Longenecker?”
“They tell me to tell you that the other side talks big, all hot air.” Kunze expanded his chest like a balloon. He must have been quite a performer at the museum. “And other things, too. The saloon keeper who said that me and you, Dan, were in his saloon? Dead. The milkman who said we were in the wagon outside the cottage?”
“The one who’s testimony the judge said was worthless?” Pat asked.
“Him, that’s the one. Long gone. Maybe dead. The Swede express man who said Martin Burke was the one to move the furniture from Clark Street to Lakeview? Finally the city fired him from the job they gave him for his perjury. Went away but no one knows where. One of the spinsters who were in the doctor’s office when Cronin was called away, also dead.”
So many gone in such a short time. Martin made the Sign of the Cross at the mention of an army of blackened souls burning in Hell. God’s justice righted all wrongs. Would He right another before it was too late?
“Now I have some funny story for you.”
The man was a buffoon, and Dan was desperate for a laugh of any kind. He longed for a respite, however brief, from the tension of his days and the loneliness of his nights.
“The other side, they have their own Irish picnic and they tell everyone that the Triangle sends dynamite to Martin Burke,” Kunze said.
“What?” A burst of laughter from Dan. It felt good, to know he hadn’t forgotten how.
“To do what?” Martin asked.
“Blow a hole in the wall and escape. But, here is the part they like the best. Not blow a hole in the outside wall, but blow a hole in the cell wall.”
“Jesus, Mary and Joseph,” Dan said. “You’re not that stupid, Martin.”
“Indeed I’m not,” Martin said. “Any fool would know an explosion in a small cell would kill him outright.”
“There it is,” Kunze said. “The Triangle wants you to blow yourself up, doing stupid thing, and so a witness for the defense is dead. All the talk is about squealing. Burke ready to squeal, so Triangle must silence him. O’Sullivan ready to squeal. No he’s not, the next day in the paper the warden says so.”
“What about me? No confidence in their ability to make me crack?” Dan asked.
“They think you squeal if you don’t get a new trial. Everything they do, is to keep you from getting a new trial,” Kunze said.
“But our friends at the Ogden Grove picnic are sure it will come to be?” Pat asked. It would be another two months at least before the State Supreme Court considered his appeal. The attorneys had put in every single exception they could find, and the record was almost as long as the one presented by the Anarchists. A quick decision was not expected.
“All talk is of unions and strikes,” Kunze said. “No more interest in the Cronin murder. I lost my job at the dime museum. Even the Carlsons, they charge ten cents for people to go inside their cottage and see where the murder was committed. No one goes anymore.”
 With a finger to the side of his nose, Dan indicated that this was a positive turn of events, and it was remarkable that he could find anything positive in his situation. Mr. Groth had noted the change in Dan’s appearance over the months, how he had aged twenty years. Dan knew first-hand that he was shrinking, with the skin hanging in loose folds around his middle and his cheeks grown hollow. None of them were looking well, even though they’d never say it out loud. Pat had been weak from the start, but Martin was fading since the cooper shop increased the pace of work, to snub the union that was calling for Governor Fifer’s head and an end to convict slave labor.
“Mr. Alexander Sullivan is defense attorney for the ornamental iron workers who were arrested,” Kunze said. He was a walking newspaper, his head crammed full of information. “A good friend to labor, they say. But he stays away from Irish affairs.”
“Laying low,” Martin said.
“Biding his time,” Dan said. There were more laborers than silk stockings in Chicago. The man who controlled the working man’s vote controlled the city and the state and had a great deal of influence in Washington D.C. And a great deal of influence with the legislators who controlled the prison.
* * *
Another birthday came and went. The lawyers visited, to cheer their clients with the news that the Supreme Court had agreed to hear Pat O’Sullivan’s case. How much longer could Dan hold out, waiting for his turn? Sixty hours a week he was swinging a hammer, then confined in a cell with one hundred-fifty square feet of airless space where he escaped in novels and lost himself in engineering or history. Only four hours outside of that cell on a Sunday, the torture broken by Father Daniel’s visits. Every minute of every day, his body ached. He was sick. He was exhausted. He was dying.
Maggie came for a visit in late November with Dan’s brother Tom, afraid to travel alone. Every stranger was a potential Pinkerton. Every stare was a threat to her life, to the lives of their children. She was jumpy, on edge, wearing down under the persecution of the nameless and faceless friends of Cronin who wanted a confession no matter who got hurt in the process. Two years in the cesspool that was the Illinois State Penitentiary and Dan couldn’t take another day.
“For the love of God, Tom, do something,” Dan said. “I’ve got to get out of here. They’re killing me. All of us. Look at me, for God’s sake.”
For too long he had maintained a cheerful facade, but he lacked the energy to pretend. Maggie burst into tears, her sobs uncontrollable as Dan told Tom of the warden’s concern for appearances. A man too sick to work was to be given light duties, but the three Cronin murderers were special cases who were not to be shown mercy for fear someone would accuse Warden Dement of Clan-na-Gael bribery. Dement would rather work the men to death than do the right thing. Dying in prison was Dan’s greatest fear.
“I know what he did,” Dan said. Sodomy. That was Cronin’s crime, the heinous act that cost Cronin his freedom and made him a spy for England. How well he learned the fine art of blackmail, to turn it back on Dan.
Tears rolled down Tom’s cheeks, a river of powerless frustration. “I’m doing all I can,” he said. “Please, Danny, hold on a little longer.”
Cronin would have been locked up in Joliet instead of Dan. If only Schaack had selected another man. If only that woman had lost the baby like Maggie lost their second one. “I know, and I can’t say. He’ll curse my children and I’ll lose them too.”
“Stop it,” Tom hissed. His head swiveled, monitoring the keepers who leaned lazily against the wall of the cage on the prisoner’s side. “Get a hold of yourself or I’ll have to send Maggie outside.”
“Don’t take her from me,” Dan said. “You wouldn’t leave me, would you, Maggie?”
She could only groan, as if in great pain, and bite on her knotted up handkerchief. Poor Michael was nearly suffocated under his mother’s embrace, while Annie stared wide-eyed at her father from behind Tom’s legs.
“I’ll call on the stone contractor when we get into Chicago,” Tom said. “If he has an ounce of Christian charity he’ll do something for you.”
“He’s already doing us a great turn,” Dan said. He felt so weary. His legs were about to give way so he grabbed hold of the bars for support.
“One more favor, then,” Tom said. “Ask him for lighter duties.”
A bemused smile, a memory, but the memory flew away before Dan could grab it. “There are no light duties in a quarry.”



THIRTY-SIX


DAN


On a wooden platform in the chapel, bedecked with evergreen garlands, a few inmates with musical training sang while the throng of striped men added their voices to the din. A prison poet read his verse, a comedy skit was performed, and Pat filled the space with recollections of his home on Christmas Day. Dan left the pageant to wander through his father’s house in Hancock, where he saw his mother at the stove while his sisters rushed to and fro, setting the table with the good tablecloth. His imagination was empty of Maggie and the children, their home a strange place that held no memories for Dan. Would he ever see it? The Supreme Court justices were taking their sweet time in pondering and analyzing and sifting. They complained of the size of the file that Mr. Forrest and Mr. Donahoe submitted. They said it would take them months to decide if a new trial was in order. If Pat’s case lacked merit, they were all doomed.
“Will you be gracing the stage today, Mr. Neebe?” Pat asked. He found common ground with the anarchist, a shared burden of injustice.
“Not scheduled to appear,” Neebe said. “Mr. Schwab will be happy to swap books with you when he finishes with Mr. Dickens.”
“My sister sent me The Picture of Dorian Gray,” Pat said. “If you’d care to read it I can ask the chaplain to get it to you.”
Melancholy tied Dan’s tongue. With effort, he shuffled towards one of the keepers to get his Christmas cigar lit. Two Irish convicts fell into line behind him. Irish convicts watched his back in the quarry. They kept their eyes open in the commissary, in the bathroom, in the chapel. How was it, he wondered, that he could be guarded at all times yet constantly feel alone.
The fact that the Supreme Court had yet to issue any ruling on a case they’d received in October was taken as a sign that higher powers were fighting back using legal technicalities and twists to prevent a new trial from taking place. He knew well enough that his health was failing, that time was his greatest enemy. Irish patriots took it upon themselves to protect him in the prison, but an army of Irish convicts could not protect him from the prison itself.
* * *
For most of January, Dan was on sick call in his cell, fighting off the grippe and then another round of severe nausea. A visit from Michael and Tom Whalen in February lifted his spirits. Rumors were flying in political circles, signs pointing strongly in a positive direction. One look at Pat, and Dan prayed that his colleague would take heart and find some last scrap of strength to keep going forward. The grippe had taken a toll on a man whose lungs were bad to begin with, and getting worse by the day.
“I’ll tell you what proves the Supreme Court is about to make their decision and it’s all to the good for Pat here,” Michael said. “The same group that has been attacking Davitt since Cronin’s death have started up again. John Devoy, front and center.”
“There’s those who say they’re just blowing off a little steam since the Land League convention,” Tom said. “Davitt cut them loose, the American arm of the League, from what I’d heard. Cronin’s pal, that Scanlan fella, spitting fire ever since.”
“I don’t know, but I have a sense that Michael’s right,” Dan said. “Look how the Catholic clergy turned on Parnell after the scandal. Devoy is pushing the Church to turn on Davitt by linking him to the Cronin murder. Get the priests in the pulpit to rail against Davitt, and Devoy steps in to fill the gap.”
“So you think they’re agitating now because the case is coming up?” Martin asked.
“Trust Devoy to have spies in every corner,” Dan said.
“If it’s true, that Devoy is trying to implicate Davitt, it could mean that Cronin’s pals are trying to influence the jury pool,” Tom said.
“That way, the prosecutor could put Irishmen on the jury, and feel the verdict is safe,” Pat said. “Devious, that short stream of piss. And to think that I paid over my own hard earned pennies to buy him out of prison.”
“’Twould be good of him to return the favor,” Martin said. He grinned at his own humor and spit tobacco juice in the general vicinity of the spittoon. “But I’d not waste my time in waiting.”
* * *
On St. Patrick’s Day, Dan arrived at the hospital on the arms of the jail keeper. Lifting his legs to walk was almost more than he could manage, while his head was spinning until he didn’t know if he was upright or upside down. The doctor pounced on him, made a big noise about a drop in weight of twenty-five pounds in one month, a walking skeleton. Five beds down, Dan caught sight of Pat O’Sullivan, wheezing and coughing. No one had to tell him that his friend had come down with consumption. Half the deaths in the hospital were attributed to the disease.
After Father Daniel gave him a blessing and Mrs. Dement presented him with a cup of beef tea, Dan crawled out of bed and dragged a cane-back chair to Pat’s bedside. He would not mention the Supreme Court or the appeal or anything to do with the law. Instead, Dan drew on his trove of witty anecdotes, bringing a smile to Pat’s face with stories of drunks in the lock-up and the tricks that the cops pulled on them. Recollections of another, happy, time sent Dan into a deeper melancholy. A huge plan was in the works, to remodel the East Chicago Avenue Station House. All that he knew would be gone by the time he was freed, and he had only to look at Pat’s drawn cheeks to see that he might not see the day.
“Wish I’d bought a house instead of renting near the station,” Dan said. “At least when you get out you can go back to a place that hasn’t changed.”
“I won’t make it out, Dan,” Pat said.
“Don’t get the blues, now,” Dan said. “Didn’t my pals in the Legislature as much as tell me that they’d heard from one of the court clerks that it was in your favor? They wouldn’t make up a story about something that important.” 
“A matter of time, Dan, not patience.” Pat had to pause as a cough rumbled up from the tips of his toes and stole his breath away. “Bad lungs most of my life. Fresh air and sunshine, the only cure. I’ll die before I win my appeal.”
“Get some rest. You’ll rally. Same as last time.”
* * *
With the coming of April and his thoughts filled with images of apple trees in bloom and golden finches alighting on the fence rails, Dan felt well enough to entertain an Easter morning discussion with Mr. Neebe on the commonality between the Irish nationalists and the Anarchist movement. Their discussion was interrupted by Warden Dement.
“I wish to inform you that Pat Dinan has passed away,” Dement said. He stared into Dan’s face, as if he expected to see something written across the man’s forehead.
“And I wish to inform you that I won’t shed a tear for that perjuring, self-serving, greedy son of a bitch,” Dan said. “Any more than I was sorry to hear that Ed Spelman fell off a ladder last June and fell straight into hell.”
“Perhaps you will mourn the demise of Mr. John Beggs,” Dement said. “He took a chill at the St. Patrick’s parade which unfortunately developed into pneumonia. He passed away on Wednesday last.”
“Will you kindly ask Father Daniel to have a Mass said for the repose of his soul?” 
“Your colleague,” Dement nodded his head towards Pat, “is failing. Are you not prepared to make a clean breast of it before it’s too late? Won’t you confess to your crime?”
Feeling a knot of emotion in his throat, Dan swallowed hard. “I am an innocent man who has nothing to confess. If that’s all you came to see me about, I’ll wish you a good day and thank Mrs. Dement for her consideration earlier.”
He turned his head away and buried his face in his pillow, knowing that he was too weak to beat back the tears. Mr. Beggs had come to Joliet a few times to visit, but he was turned away because the authorities were convinced that he was sent by the Triangle to strengthen the convicts and keep them from confessing. How happy the man was when he was acquitted, yet that happiness lasted such a short time and he was dead. The ephemeral nature of life, of joy, struck Dan hard, knocked him down until he could not get up. When he was returned to the quarry the following week, Mr. Groth took him off the cutting crew, but if the team of horses pulling the wagons of stone blocks had bolted, Dan couldn’t have reined them in.
Three years to the day since Cronin’s death, Dan put in yet another request to visit with Pat O’Sullivan. He expected to be denied again, yet he kept one eye peeled for the arrival of a trustee to escort him to the dying man’s bedside. Mr. Groth called him in to the office to let him know that O’Sullivan’s people had arrived the day before and were at the man’s bedside. The worst was expected momentarily.
After dinner, as Dan followed on the keeper’s heels, he swore that he could hear keening in the tiers, the distinctive sound of Irish mourning that floated just above the general din. His mind told him it was his imagination, but the sense of dread in the pit of his stomach pressed down on him until his feet were almost too heavy to move. One step into the prison’s meeting room and he found what he had feared. Taking in the slump of Mr. Wing’s shoulders and the unshed tears in Mr. Donahoe’s eyes, Dan fell into a chair and covered his faced with his hands, to sob without shame.
“I hoped he might rally,” Forrest said. “We’re certain that the court will issue its decision in the upcoming October session and he would have been granted a new trial. I had no doubt but that he would be given another chance.”
“His family was with him. The Whalens. His sisters and brothers,” Donahoe said. “And that bastard Dement, trying to coerce a confession from a dying man’s lips. To that, Mr. O’Sullivan said that he was innocent.”
Too stunned to speak, Dan looked from one lawyer to the next, as if one of them might suddenly declare that Pat hadn’t passed away after all, that it was another client and they were here to prepare for the re-trial. The trio hung their heads, a unified image of sadness at their failure to save a life.
“Mr. Forrest prepared his will,” Mr. Wing said. The former judge cleared his throat and rubbed at his eyes. “What we fear is that the State will attempt to confiscate his estate to cover court costs.”
“It’s not done for men serving life,” Donahoe said. “But if they try, so help me God but I’ll fight them every step of the way.”
“What were his last words?” Dan asked. If Pat were able, he would have had plenty to say about his conviction and the gross injustice he had endured.
“At the end, he was feverish,” Forrest said. “Delirious. Spoke of farm chores and receipts and such things as we could not understand. Poor man. Didn’t recognize his relatives.”
A slight smile creased Donahoe’s cheek. “At one point, when he seemed to be lucid, he waved Dement over to his side and the warden scampered over like a cat pouncing on a mouse. Thought he was about to get the confession he lusted after, and the vultures from the press waiting just outside the door to be given the story.”
Mr. Forrest cursed under his breath. “He asked for a drink of water. Those were his last words. I would like a drink of water.”
“Worked to death,” Dan mumbled. The tears fell unchecked. To die in prison. No fate was more horrible.
* * *
Warden Dement allowed Dan to pay his last respects before Pat’s brother, an undertaker, prepared the body for the trip home to Wisconsin. His friend’s hand was like a skeleton’s, cold already. The cause of death would be listed as consumption, but Pat O’Sullivan died of a broken heart, mourning for equality that the Irish thought they’d find in America, only to be jilted.
The prison doctor was as much a quack as Cronin, and just as dangerous. Once Pat was gone, the so-called physician decided that Dan had a tapeworm and put him back in the hospital. Was it really a tapeworm that Dr. Ferguson was starving out of his gut, or was it just a plot by the warden to starve Dan to death and then make a false assertion? Nothing but broth and water for two days. When Mr. Forrest returned to claim Pat’s belongings after the funeral, his shoulders heaved as if the sight of Dan Coughlin turned his stomach. The lawyer who had cost the Coughlin family every cent they had was a failure, an expensive failure who sucked them dry like the landlords of Ireland. Next came emigration on a coffin ship, a coffin to carry Dan’s remains.
“Is this when I’ll see you again, when I die?” Dan asked. In the flush of health, Mr. Forrest, full cheeks and a hint of a belly. “My own wife doesn’t come to see me anymore.”
“There is a sound reason for her inability to come but I will not burden you with it now. Not in your present state,” Forrest said. “We shall discuss it when you are stronger. Keep your voice down.”
“I tell you, I won’t live with her when I get out of here,” Dan said, even louder. “No consideration from her for the better part of a year. Who does she think she is to treat me that way? I won’t have it, do you understand?”
The lawyer took Dan’s hand and squeezed it so hard he might have shattered the bones. “Shut,” he hissed through his teeth, “up.”
Yes, a year at least since he’d seen his wife. A woman who performed her marital duties with obvious pleasure was an easy one to steal away. The right words, arousing desire, and some other man was in his wife’s bed. Barney Flynn always had a soft spot for Maggie. A hard cock, that’s what he had for Maggie. Before he got his job back, what did he have to do besides run up to Ishpeming and fuck her for days at a time? He stole Dan’s knives. He stole Dan’s wife. They were finished. He’d take the children from her, the whore.
“Your appeal will be heard in October. And may I say that I have been quite busy, speaking at every opportunity of the gross unfairness of our jury selection process.” Mr. Forrest produced a pamphlet which he tucked into Dan’s hand. “A transcript of a debate held by the legal society. A debate which it is said I won convincingly. The seeds of your appeal have been sown in every field, Mr. Coughlin, and I have presented the evidence to judges and lawyers in ways not possible in a courtroom.”
Dan felt the paper under his palm, held the booklet close to his eyes. So many, many words. Words were Dan’s closest companions in the silence of his solitary cell, in the isolation of the quarry where the spoken word was banned. He hugged the pages to his chest, his dear friends, the words. Thanks to Oscar Neebe, he had found comfort in the company of paper and ink.
“Mr. Wing and Mr. Donahoe will be here in two weeks to review the case with you. The doctor believes you’ll be rid of the worm by then, and Mrs. Dement will commence a program of nutritional meals to restore your health as quickly as possible.”
“The angel of death,” Dan said. His head was throbbing, spinning. Dr. Ferguson told him it was due to malnutrition, the tapeworm thriving while the host declined. “Her husband grinds us down and she restores our health so the warden can put us back to work. Every time, a man sinks a little further, and then we’re all like Pat O’Sullivan.”
“I intend to speak with the doctor. It’s obvious that you are very ill. Your mind is not clear. It must be clear if we are to prepare for the Supreme Court hearing.” Mr. Forrest stood to take his leave. “Your wife has been poring over the trial records, hoping to recall something or someone who wasn’t called for the defense the last time. If you dare to say that she has shown you no consideration, Mr. Coughlin, you are either deranged or the most self-centered individual I have ever encountered.”
“She isn’t seeing another man?”
The lawyer laid a gentle hand on Dan’s forehead, as a man would check his child for a fever, but the fingertips were as heavy as blocks of stone, pushing Dan down into the mattress, down to the floor, through the floor and into the earth. He was as limp as a rag doll. “Any moment now, Ferguson will give you a dose to kill off the worm. Once you pass it, the malnutrition will abate and your recovery can commence. “
“I’m pressed night and day to confess,” Dan said.
“What book are you reading?” Forrest changed the subject when Mrs. Dement drew closer.
"A history book. American history. I just finished a section on the Salem witch trials." A spark of mischief glowed in Dan's heart, feeble as he was. “There was a man who was accused of witchcraft, and they tried to force a confession by piling heavy stones on him. He was innocent, and you know what he said? More weight.”
Mrs. Dement hovered over the bed next to Dan’s, but it was obvious that her ears were pricked up. Dr. Ferguson charged over, served up a stinking concoction, and moved on to his next patient without so much as a word of explanation.
“Brave men and women, to proclaim their innocence in the face of death,” Mr. Forrest said.
“More weight, Mrs. Dement,” Dan said in his loudest voice. “More weight.” Mr. Forrest burst out laughing, and he laughed his way out of the hospital wing.
Sometime in the middle of the night, Dan woke up from a dream about his wife, a nightmare of sexual impotency. He didn’t fantasize as he once had, too tired at the close of every day to turn his mind to the pleasures of the flesh. To reach that point, a man had to be dying. A stabbing pain seared his intestines, coupled with an urge that was difficult to meet when his legs threatened to give out from under him when he tried to stand. A slop bucket had been left for his use at the side of the bed, to collect the results of the treatment for the doctor’s analysis. Repeatedly that night, he slipped out of bed and crouched over the bucket, filled one and asked for another. Early in the morning, Ferguson gleefully reported that twenty-seven feet of worm had been expelled, and Dan noticed that the uncomfortable pressure that had plagued him for months was somewhat eased. He was ravenously hungry.
Ravenously hungry, but he was not free to go find something to eat. He was not free to tumble his wife in accordance with God’s law. Only Pat O’Sullivan was free, sitting at the right hand of God. An ocean of despair washed over Dan, wave after wave of hopelessness and fear. Once Mrs. Dement stuffed him full of egg custards and beef and liver to build up his blood, he would be sent back to the quarry where the sun would blister his hide until he was back on sick call. Round and round, while the Supreme Court dithered and stalled. The judges, they knew that Dan’s case was just. They simply didn’t want to admit it, for it would mean that the Irish had to be considered equal under the law.
* * *
Only two weeks needed to put on ten pounds, enough to be sent back to the quarry to cut stone. Within five minutes, Mr. Groth noticed that Dan’s arm was too weak to lift the hammer, his strokes on the chisel no more forceful than a child’s. Of his own accord, he found odds and ends that needed doing, marking out locations for bore holes or calculating face feet of block. Coughlin spent the better part of most days at Groth’s side, learning how to judge building stone from rip-rap and how to lay track for the gravel cars. It was a pleasure to entertain the foreman with funny stories of police life in Chicago’s underbelly, where grown men dressed up as women and fooled everyone until the police matron searched them in the lock-up. As long as he was working under Groth’s direction, there was nothing that the keepers could do to put a hammer back in Dan’s hand.
As May drew to a close, the attorneys met with the two remaining defendants, the empty space at the table in the lawyer’s room a booming chasm. The normally unflappable Burke was strangely quiet, an air of melancholy hanging around his head. So much stock did he place in friends, having no family, that he felt the loss of O’Sullivan more keenly than most.
“Did you wake him properly?” Burke asked of Mr. Forrest.
 “A wake was held at Carroll’s,” the lawyer replied.
Within a block of the East Chicago Avenue station house, miles from Pat’s home in Lakeview, the same undertaker who prepared Cronin’s bloated cadaver had prepared the mortal remains of a man wrongly accused of murdering Cronin. The Whalens brought their cousin to the center of Camp No. 20’s power base, to show everyone what a patriot had suffered for the sake of Irish freedom. Mourners came and went, no great display of outrage but a steady thrum of indignation filled the funeral home.
“Mr. Carlson, I was told, came to pay his respects,” Forrest said. “He fell prostrate over the coffin, and pleaded with Mr. O’Sullivan to forgive him.”
“It’s said that’s he’s run away to Sweden,” Mr. Donahoe added. “To be chased down and dragged back to Chicago by the Cronin-ites if he fails to return voluntarily for the next trial.”
“Did he spend a night in his home, at least?” Dan asked.
“A private wake, yes, for one night,” Forrest said. “They brought him to Wisconsin where his parents are buried. We have decided to continue with the appeal, in spite of his passing. This has great bearing on your cases so we must carry on, but at the same time, we must ensure that his property is free and clear so that his heirs can take possession.”
“All he ever wanted was to go home,” Burke said. “To own a piece of property. Grand.”
“Unfortunately, his prayers were not answered,” Forrest said. 
“God called him home, Mr. Forrest,” Dan said. “His prayers were answered.”



THIRTY-SEVEN


DAN


The legacy that Pat left for Dan was his mood. Blue as the sky, glum and dejected, Dan couldn’t find it within himself to provide Martin with a minute’s cheer. There was no cheer to be had, none to be found hiding in a corner. A contingent of state representatives came to call, sorry to deliver bad news but it had to be told. The secretary of the Whiskey Trust who had been arrested in connection with the Shufeldt Distillery bombing had gotten clean off. State’s Attorney Longenecker had failed miserably in prosecuting the case, but didn’t that prove that there was no interest in justice inside the Cook County Courthouse? Three innocent men were persecuted and the man who was unquestionably guilty, caught with bomb-making material in his office safe, was allowed to walk. Anger that had no outlet ate at Dan from the inside, until he folded up on himself.
 “You’re looking in the pink today,” Martin said as they took their seats in the chapel. “Heard from the missus?”
“She hired a Michigan doctor to come see me when I was sick, after Pat’s passing,” Dan said. “Dement denied access, and there went the money for her visit. Said I wasn’t dying so it wasn’t necessary.”
“Hard hearts without a drop of warm blood in the veins,” Martin said.
Even though Martin wouldn’t admit it, Dan knew that his last remaining friend had contracted consumption. The cough was a sign, but the way that Martin had to struggle to draw a breath just to walk up to the altar for communion at Sunday Mass was unmistakable. One by one, then, they’d die off and that would be the end of the case. At their October session, the Supreme Court had agreed to hear Dan’s appeal, but the judges were champion procrastinators. If they stalled long enough, the remaining two defendants would be buried under the ground and Longenecker could go off and be appointed to the bench with a clean record.
Shortly after Thanksgiving Day, Maggie came to see her husband and she brought a prayer card to ease Martin Burke’s suffering. Dan wished that he could keep it for himself, a lovely image of St. Patrick against the green backdrop of Ireland. So much color on the pasteboard, it hurt his eyes. Maggie was a vision, so lovely. A beauty. He stared at her, watched her soft lips move as she spoke. At her side, Annie played with Michael. Growing up, both of them, and Michael soon to turn three. Mr. Groth’s wife made Dan an apple cake for his birthday. How old? One hundred years old, he’d lived one hundred lifetimes. He looked to be one hundred, like Pat, a walking skeleton with hollow cheeks and cadaverous, sunken eyes. There was something he wanted to say to Maggie, but the words didn’t come. He could watch her smile all day. He could watch the children skylark forever.
“Dan? Are you listening?” Maggie asked.
“You’re the prettiest thing I’ll ever see,” Dan said.
“But the Supreme Court,” Maggie said. “It’s said they found merit in Mr. O’Sullivan’s arguments and that’s why they agreed to hear you. By the March session, Mr. Forrest assured me, by March they’ll decide in your favor and Mr. Forrest is certain of it.”
The keeper tapped Dan on the shoulder; he had to go back to the quarry but it was late in the day. “No harm in stopping at the hospital to deliver Mrs. Coughlin’s little gift,” the keeper said.
“Take care of yourself and the children,” Dan said to his wife as he turned to go. “Pray that the Holy Ghost enlightens the whole of Ottawa.” Pray that he lived until March.
* * *
Whether Warden Dement wanted to keep Dan away from Martin or not, there was nothing he could do when Dan was returned to the hospital again. From his bed he observed Dr. Ferguson put into play every remedy he knew so that Martin could have his chance with the Supreme Court. The only remedy left was prayer, a miracle. Dan slipped out of bed to sit with a dying man. “Your missus is grand,” Martin said, the image of St. Patrick pressed to his heart. “The colors. Green as the grass of Mayo.”
“Did you ever meet John Maroney at a United Brotherhood function?” Dan asked. He had no time to waste in small talk.
“One of the dynamiters, was he?” Martin asked.
“He was implicated in Cronin’s murder. The Carlsons got a free trip to New York City to see him but they didn’t know him.” Absent-minded, Dan pressed a crease into his trousers. “He’s dead.”
“I’ll find plenty of company in heaven,” Martin said. The time was coming soon. The chap was so bad off that he had to sleep sitting up because he couldn’t breathe if he lay down. Food had no appeal, but he insisted he wasn’t hungry.
“Do ever regret anything you’ve done in your life?” Dan asked.
“When I was young. Threw a stone at the landlord’s horse so the miserable bastard was thrown off. Sorry I didn’t hit him in the head and kill him.” Martin paused to cough. He held the rag tight so Dan wouldn’t be upset by the sight of the blood. “Had to make a run for it and it was hard on my parents. I was sorry for them.”
“Mrs. Coughlin won’t allow me to have any regrets,” Dan said.
“I’m sorry I didn’t leave when The Fox told me to go,” Martin said. He looked down at his hands, swollen like balloons. The kidneys were failing. “He’s not been seen since. That’s my regret.”
Dan nodded in agreement. “Is it because of him you’re involved?” If he had been investigating the case he could have gotten Martin to talk. What harm to implicate Cooney, a petty criminal who often served as an informer to the detective? Long gone to parts unknown, the real murderers would never be found but the case would have been closed and Dan would have been home with his family for the past three years. Could have worked out a deal with the State’s’ Attorney to spare Burke from prosecution.
“Gave me money, told me to pay the rent on the cottage. I stayed there for a month, before he told me to go,” Martin said. “That’s all I know. That’s all I did. They tell me I’m a hero to some. Grand, so.” Among his social set, he was a true patriot who’d given his life for their homeland, one of the few with the courage to stand when John Bull pounded them down like nails.
“A hero. I could do without the praise.”
“I regretted leaving Chicago without settling up with my landlady. The money I earned in the cooper shop, I gave to Father Daniel and he mailed it to her.”
“That’s doing the right thing,” Dan said. “Good man.”
“I can’t forget that night in solitary.” Breathing was agony. Dan wondered if it would be wrong of him to pray for Martin’s death, to end the suffering.
From under his shirt, Dan lifted the rosary that he wore around his neck. He put it into Martin’s hands and closed the bloated fingers around the beads. “I don’t know when I might get to see you again. Well enough to go back to work, Ferguson said. I can pray the rosary without the beads.” With a hint of a grin, Dan added, “Dangle it in Dement’s face and maybe you can scare him back into his office.” To reciprocate, Martin held out the muslin bag he was toying with. It was his chewing tobacco, the last ration he’d receive. There’d be no will written for Burke’s estate. He was leaving his only possession to the one who was inheriting their shared fight.
“Do you think I might live to see Christmas?” Martin asked. “A lovely day to die, on the day that Jesus was born.”
“We can’t pick the day or the time,” Dan said. He was suddenly exhausted, too tired to offer solace. When the doctor approached the chair, Dan stepped back to give them a bit of privacy.
Dr. Ferguson performed a brief examination, listening to Martin’s lungs before shaking his head when his patient asked how much time was left. “As long as Saturday, perhaps,” the doctor said. “Thirty-six hours at most, I fear.”
“Would Mr. Dement be so good as to notify my friends,” Martin said. “They might like to see me before I go.”
“I’ll send for Father Daniel,” Ferguson said.
Within the hour, the priest was at Martin’s side, hearing his last Confession and anointing him with Holy Oil. Once the prayers were concluded, Warden Dement pulled up a chair. Neebe stopped at Dan’s bedside to tell him that the warden was waiting for a deathbed confession.
As Dan watched, he noticed that neither man spoke for a long time. Martin heaved a sigh, every breath a fight. “I guess it’s all done with me,” Martin said.
“Afraid so,” Mr. Dement said.
“Well, it’s all right, anyway,” Martin said.
“Are there any particular requests you’d like to make?” Dement asked.
“When I die, I want Mr. Forrest to come down and take my body to my folks.”
Burke’s head fell to his chest, like a puppet whose strings were cut. The doctor hurried across the room, pressed his fingers against Burke’s neck, and shook his head at the warden. Dan closed his eyes as tight as he could, grit his teeth until his jaw ached, but he lacked the strength to keep his heart from breaking.



THIRTY-EIGHT


DAN


Alone.
No one called Dan out of the quarry when Mr. Forrest came to claim Burke’s body.
Alone.
The lawyer didn’t stop to see him. 
Alone.
Word was passed to Dan that Forrest had departed the warden’s office in a rage, barking loud enough for the reporters to hear him clearly. Accusations flew, that Martin Burke had been worked to death, and the papers wrote it as it was delivered. Fool that Mr. Forrest was. He had no idea that Martin was terrified of being sent back to solitary for not being seen working hard. Dement claimed that Burke had produced more than his quota of barrels because he liked the little extra money he received in his commissary account. It was a lie, just another whopping lie in an endless string of lies.
Yet Mr. Forrest had heard something when last he spoke to his clients. Dan had explained about the especially harsh treatment that was dished out to the Cronin convicts and Mr. Forrest made sure the news hounds got that part of the story straight. Let the Justices think on that for a while over their lavish breakfast. Make them ask themselves if Burke didn’t issue any statement at the end beyond proclaiming his innocence because he had nothing to confess as an innocent man.
The wind howled, driving the sleet into Dan’s face as he stood before the white limestone wall, the bore holes almost mocking him. His appeal had been taken under consideration in October, but he had no doubt that the gloating prosecutors meant to wear him out, as they’d worked Pat and Martin into early graves, before they’d see the court reach a decision. To foil their plan, about all Dan could do was to go on strike.
A strike would be met with plenty of convict support. The men were restless, agitating against the brutal regime, their anger building a head of steam without a valve to release the pressure. There was talk of a mass exodus, to commence once the inmates were marched beyond the prison walls to the stone pile. One chap on his own was likely to get shot, in spite of the keepers’ poor marksmanship, but twenty-five at once meant that most stood a good chance. His gaze drifted to the top. His mind played out a fantasy of running, legs pumping, south along the train tracks, south to New Orleans without stopping to catch a breath.
“Prisoner 46, you know the rules,” Keeper Pierman shouted down to Dan. “Eyes on your work. You’ll have plenty of time to rest soon enough, just like your two pals are resting. Underground.”
The haze and smoke of the steel mill darkened the sky which was already overcast. He would look up because he was through with Pierman and his petty punishments. Let the keeper revoke his commissary privileges, Dan would stand fast and do without the salt and vinegar that made his meals palatable. He was alone. A stint in solitary wouldn’t be any worse than the solitude of his daily existence now that his friends were dead and his attorneys didn’t even come to see him anymore.
“Coughlin, are you all right?” Mr. Groth put a hand on his back, to keep him from falling backwards and pitching into the open pit.
“No, Mr. Groth. No I’m not. I’m done. Finished,” Dan said.
“Sorry for your troubles. It’s a heavy burden for one man to bear."
Weary to his bones, Dan dropped onto the sheet of stone he was supposed to cutting. “A chap can’t win. The deck’s stacked against me.”
“Come on up to the office for a while. You’re still under the weather with that tapeworm business.”
“The doctor said the head is still inside me. It’s growing right back. I didn’t come in with it, God damn their lies.” The opposite side of the quarry was lost in the dirty cloud that dusted jackets and caps with soot, blackened faces and choked lungs. As if he had never seen them before, Dan stared at the hammer and chisel in his hands before dropping them. “Poor Martin. Wanted to live long enough to see Christmas and they couldn’t take him out of the cooper shop when a rest might have given him a few more weeks.”
“They’re a heartless bunch of bastards, all right,” Groth said. “Half the keepers here, nothing more than bullies, drunk on the power they hold. Come on. You’re leased to E. R. Brainerd and I’ll assign whatever tasks I like. Listen, someone has to brew my coffee, right?”
Light duty to lengthen his life, to squeeze out an extra day or two. The extra day or two that the Supreme Court needed to formulate their decision. “God bless you.”
From the bottom of the slide where bad blocks were pounded into gravel, a cacophony of loud voices drifted up to the working face of the quarry. A harmless battle was brewing between a convict who raged against conditions, abuse and the barbarity of the convict labor system, and a would-be peacemaker who was quickly losing his temper. From the top came the warning tones of the keepers, their blue-coated figures blurred in the haze. Always eager for something new, something entertaining, Dan’s crew scampered down to get a better view of what was going to be a bare-knuckled brawl, risking punishment for the pleasure of a diversion. Dan followed right behind.
The instigator was a petty thief who had arrived in September, a stubborn chap who had already spent time in solitary. “I know the law,” the convict bellowed to the gang of prisoners who were forming a circle around the combatants. “They got no right to make us slaves.” Usually, the guards let the men fight it out, to defuse the tension, but Dan feared that a keeper with an itchy trigger finger might take it in his head to shoot at the gathering to disperse the mob. He couldn’t see the guards, but he heard indistinct, muffled sounds that suggested orders or threats being issued. Suddenly, the convict heaved his tools over Dan’s shoulder, in the general direction of a blue-coated shadow. “The Democrats are coming in and I’ll be damned if I’ll crack another fuckin’ block. You hear me, you fuckin’ bastard? I’m not working anymore,” the prisoner screamed.
Dan reached out, to grab the man and shake some sense into him. “The Democrats aren’t in yet, boy-o, and you’ll keep working if you don’t want to spend the next five years in solitary,” he said.
The fury of the caged beast was redirected towards Dan, who managed to jump out of the way of a flying fist. He could hear Mr. Groth shouting from above, the words drowned out in the screech of the alarm bell that called for more guards and more guns to the quarry. The younger man charged at the former police detective, a look of murder in his eye, but Dan had enough agility left in his aching back to lean out of the way. To his left, another fight broke out and in an instant the mob became a churning, boiling cauldron of pent-up anger that exploded like a bomb. “Save the old man,” he thought he heard a voice, but the syllables sailed away on biting wind.
“Who will be good and save the old man,” Dan mumbled under his breath. Only a convict could replace a jack screw. Jean Valjean was a sucker. Should have left Father Fauchelevent to die. A fist to the kidney startled Dan out of the drama that played in his head, the scene from Les Miserables that he had pondered over for weeks. Again he thought he heard someone calling for help, to save a man, but the shriek of whistles masked all other sound. He was on his hands and knees, sharp stones embedded in his palms.
The young convict lunged at Dan with a hammer. Waiting, watching, the ex-detective timed his move and rolled away, leaving the prisoner to crash into Keeper Pierman, who lost his balance amid the ice-coated debris on the quarry floor. Blood poured from the miserable bastard’s head, blinding him, but it was just as well he couldn’t see the rock hammer that was about to come down on his skull. Yes, Jean Valjean had been a fool to sacrifice all for a man who made his life a misery. Pierman’s rifle landed at Dan’s feet and he picked it up, found his balance while grasping Pierman by the collar, and collected every last fiber of strength to bring both men upright.
With a smile, the convict got to his feet. “That’s it, you hold him steady for me and we’ll finish him off.” The hammer floated up, trembled. Dan pressed the end of the rifle against the convict’s chest and curled his finger around the trigger.
“Pick up your fuckin’ tools, you short stream of piss, and get back to work,” Dan said. His left arm was shaking with the effort to keep Pierman erect, cradled against his hip. “Pick them up or I’ll shoot you like a dog where you stand. You choose. Walk out of Joliet on your feet, or be carried out in a box.”
Guards appeared as if conjured by magic, swarming like hornets amid the unarmed and defeated mass in stripes. Without a word, Dan handed the rifle to one of the keepers and shifted Pierman’s weight towards his back. Step by painful step, he heaved the dazed jailer up and out of the quarry, ignoring orders to halt as he half- walked and half-dragged Pierman to the sally port. No one tried to stop him.
“You saved my life,” Pierman said, his legs so unsteady that his attempt to walk was more of a hindrance. “They would have caved my skull in. You saved my life.”
Not until Dan deposited Pierman on a table in the hospital wing did he realize that he was bleeding from a gash on his wrist. He slumped to the floor, exhausted, the words of Victor Hugo dancing in his tired brain. The line between fiction and reality was blurred, the division grown indistinct until Dan was not sure of his name.
“That man saved my life,” Pierman said to the doctor, who was engrossed in stanching the flow of blood. “If we were on the outside, I’d walk him into a saloon and buy him a drink.”
With Pierman patched up and sent home for the day, the doctor turned his attention to Dan, whose injuries were minor enough for Mr. Neebe to bandage. The convicted anarchist did his best to pick the grit from the abrasions, his brow furrowed in concentration. “I understand now,” Dan said.
“What do you understand, my friend?” Neebe asked.
“Jean Valjean. He wasn’t a sucker.”
“You concede the point. Very good. Do you also understand that, by saving that heartless beast, you signed your death warrant?”
Dan watched Neebe wrap a clean linen bandage over the bundle of lint that he had placed on the oozing wounds. “Signed it with a flourish,” he said with a wry grin.
* * *
The keepers could lie if they liked, just like all those people lied in the trial. Let them. In the penitentiary, Dan had been treated worse than a dog. His freedom had been taken. Any children he might have had with Maggie were as good as stolen. His health was broken, his spirit was close to death. Still, he had gained in knowledge. Whatever might come next, he knew that the Joliet State Penitentiary had not robbed him of his humanity. He owned it and they couldn’t take it from him.
He had plenty of time to ponder the folly of his actions as he waited to be seen by the warden. Put into the lawyer’s room he dropped his head onto his arms, overcome with a weariness that resided in his soul. He was a dead man. The foolishness of a novel was just that, a fiction that had no basis in the reality of the penitentiary. What use was his humanity in such a horrible place?
The door opened and Dan lifted his head, but it was only Mrs. Dement carrying a tray that she settled onto the desk. A steaming cup of coffee kept company with a jug of cream and a bowl of sugar, along with a plate that held three thick slices of orange sweet loaf. Mrs. Dement tipped a generous splash of cream into the fine china cup, stirred in two heaping spoons of sugar, and placed the delicious brew under Dan’s nose.
“Mr. Dement and I thought you might be in need of refreshment after your ordeal,” she said. She pushed the cake towards him, indicating it was all for him.
“Thank you ma’am. Your cake is first rate,” he said. Just enough orange to provide a tart bite, while the coffee was deliriously sweet.
“I should be angry with you, you know.”
The heat from the cup eased the sting in his palms. With some effort, he replaced it in the saucer without spilling a drop when his hands were trembling. “Angry?”
“Don’t think I didn’t hear you when you were in the hospital, just before poor Mr. O’Sullivan passed away.”
“Whatever I said, ma’am, I wasn’t in my right mind.”
“No, you were ranting, I realized that later. That evening, you were extremely distressed, as if reliving some traumatic event, and I wrote down names that you called out, thinking that I was serving justice. My husband’s investigation showed that you were recalling a particularly frightening incident you experienced as a police officer. I never felt more foolish and stupid in my life.”
The search for more Cronin killers proceeded without end. Mrs. Dement was only the latest to play amateur detective. Irish nationalists were shadowed by detectives because they were Irish and so they must have been involved. Haul them in for the feeblest excuse, make a big noise for the press, and then quietly turn them loose because it was a false alarm. Prosecutors would go right on searching for more men, until Alexander Sullivan was toppled and John Devoy stood unopposed at the head of the United Brotherhood. “Quite interesting stories were told by Inspector Schaack, Mr. Coughlin. You were a very brave officer, to face down criminals with a gun in your face.”
Embarrassed and nervous at the same time, Dan pressed cake crumbs onto his little finger and eased them past dry lips. Why was Mrs. Dement calling him by name and not by number?
“When Mr. O’Sullivan lay dying, he was pressed to make a confession, yet he never said a word. Not even in the delirium of fever, when it is impossible to hold one’s tongue. Then you reminded me of a most famous case of innocence. More weight. Quite clever of you.”
“I’m afraid I can’t quite recall.”
“How easy it would have been for that man in Salem to yield, if only to have the weight removed before it crushed him. Yet he refused. Let it not be said that Warden Dement continued to pile stones onto an innocent man until he was dead.”
“I’ve been treated fair enough, ma’am.” She had a kind heart, even if she tended to be overbearing. It wasn’t her fault that her husband was a tyrant.
“Mr. Forrest was right, in one respect. My husband did very much fear censure if he showed mercy to you or your unfortunate colleagues. In trying to appease one group, however, he has drawn the criticism of another, and that other is the very group that put him into his position.”
“Might I suggest that he keep the legislators happy?”
Mrs. Dement smiled. Such had been her advice as well, and Mr. Dement was determined to follow through on what he believed all along was right. “He will call you in and offer you light duties as a nurse. You will sleep in the hospital ward, rather than a cell. The same meals that are served to patients, as well, rather than standard fair.”
“I’m very grateful to you, Mrs. Dement.”
“We have done you a disservice, Mr. Coughlin. What I have just told you, I ask your word of honor that you will not carry it from this room.” Dan nodded. Where was the harm? The last time he’d given his word, it bound his tongue and he lost everything. There was nothing left to lose.
He smoked a cigar with the warden, the leaf wrapper as soft as Maggie’s lips against his, before retrieving his few personal belongings from the cell. Light duty in the hospital ward would extend his life, assuming he didn’t get sick and die. Over two convicts a month died of consumption, and he couldn’t forget that both Martin and Pat had succumbed. Balancing the good and the bad, Dan had to believe that the bigger portions of meat and regular servings of vegetables would build up his strength and he’d gain rather than lose. He had to believe it, or he’d collapse in a heap of fear.
On Christmas Day, 1892, Dan woke in a cold sweat, his heart pounding. He dreamt that he was breaking up a fight between newsboys but one of the chaps was his son Michael, dirty and in rags, an orphan boy plying the orphan’s trade. From under his pillow, Dan took Martin’s tobacco pouch and cradled it in his hands, like Annie might cradle a rag doll. His poor children, without a father. It would be best if he were to die so that Maggie could marry again.
A malaise took hold of him, a funk so deep that Dan didn’t bother to attend the variety show. While his fellow convicts made merry, Dan sat in the chair where Martin had breathed his last and thumbed through his picture book. Would he ever again touch his own children? He hadn’t seen his lawyers since Pat’s death last May. Poor Maggie. Her image had altered over the years, her eyes sinking into her skull as if she was shrinking back from the world. Why did Mr. Forrest and Mr. Donahoe stay away?
* * *
“Enjoying the warmth?” Neebe asked in the middle of January. Dan had developed a habit of lingering near the coal stove and the anarchist liked to tease him about it. A man didn’t appreciate the comfort of being warm until he passed three winters in a quarry. “My friends are making ready to approach the new governor. Mr. Altgeld is not born in America. As an immigrant, I believe he sees things in a different light.”
“All politicians see things in the same light. Can it get me re-elected,” Dan said.
“Do you think the German people would favor him for pardoning three men unjustly accused?”
“I think the non-German people would have his scalp.”
While Neebe was someone to talk to, he was no substitute for the easy give-and-take that Dan enjoyed with his cronies. As January dragged on, however, he lost the ability to find hope when they came to see him with promises of a better day to come. In Maggie’s letters he found pages of false hope that didn’t fool him. Nothing had changed, besides the calendar turning from 1892 to 1893. When Jim Corbett, the famous prize-fighter, called on him, he tried to put on a good front but he wasn’t buying the notion that a man had to get up off the canvas and fight another round. As far as Dan was concerned, he was punched out.
The books that Maggie sent were piled up next to his bed, but he preferred to get lost in the pages of a novel where he’d once found a glimmer of optimism. His guts in knots again, he sought to restore that frame of mind that believed in the power of good works and the eventual triumph over injustice. A slight smile creased Dan’s sunken cheek. It was easier to enjoy the story if he pictured Captain Schuettler in the role of Javert, jumping into Lake Michigan to drown a guilty conscience. He turned a page but had to pause. Would he not be re-united with his family until he was on his deathbed? 
Dinner time approached and Dan had to abandon his reading to tend to his duties, changing dressings and propping up those who were capable of sitting upright. It was an odd time of day for the warden to come calling, as odd as the broad grin on his face. Not sure what was up, Dan bit off a plug of Burke’s tobacco and chewed away some of his tension.
Dement offered his right hand and then proffered a telegram with his left, not unlike the parish priest handing out diplomas to the grade school graduates. “Important news for you, old man,” Dement said, pumping Dan’s arm with enthusiasm.
“Daniel Coughlin,” Dan read, “A new trial has been granted you.”
He couldn’t see any other words on the page. Covering his face with his free hand, he wept, his tongue and lips paralyzed, unable to tell Mr. Neebe what had happened when his fellow convict patted him on the back. From some reserve of strength he found the ability to mouth the word ‘remanded’ and Neebe wrapped him in a heartfelt embrace that was punctuated by joyous laughter. “I’m so happy I could jump over that gas burner up there,” Dan whispered, containing his happiness out of consideration for the sick all around him.
“You’ll want to send a reply,” Dement said. He had a piece of paper in his hand, a pencil ready.
“Yes. To Mr. Forrest’s office on Washington or his residence.” Dan ground his teeth on the bitter leaves, thinking of the right turn of phrase. “Am overjoyed. Bear the news well, tell him. Accept congratulations for the victory.” Dan returned to Mr. Forrest’s cable, to read it again and again. Have telegraphed your wife and brother, it said. God in Heaven, Holy Mary Mother of God, surely his dear wife had fainted dead away when she received the news.
Warned that a reporter was just outside the door, waiting to pounce, Dan composed himself before entering the hallway where a convict messenger was handed the reply. Good old John McEnnis of the Tribune, pencil and paper cocked and loaded. The scribbler had ignored him since the day he was put in solitary. All of the sudden, he couldn’t get enough of Coughlin.
“I suppose you want to hear what I have to say,” Dan said. “All I have to say is this. I was never more astonished because I didn’t expect to hear anything until March. Mr. Forrest and Mr. Wing, well, I haven’t seen them since O’Sullivan died.”
“Didn’t you see them when Burke died?” the genius asked. “They were here but I didn’t see them.” There was something to the chewing process. No wonder Martin had been a champion masticator. “I’ve been here three years as of the sixteenth of this month, and I tell you that bit of news makes me a new man.”
Where had he picked up a rubber band? Chewing and fidgeting, that was Dan Coughlin, moving the band around his fingers like a belt on a machine. McEnnis was looking for some kind of sensation, just like at the trial, but Dan had nothing to say. What did he think Dan was going to do, confess to a man who had written a scathing book about the trial and helped to put an innocent man behind bars?
“I don’t know a thing about the murder,” Dan said. “I don’t know any more about the murder than you do.”
The effects of the tobacco grew stronger and Dan’s head cleared. He did have something to say, something to lay the groundwork if, and please God it didn’t come to pass, he ended up back in Joliet. “There is one thing to be said, though, and I want you to say that I’ve been treated like a son by Warden Dement and his wife, and so has every prisoner here.” Any female who could admit to being wrong deserved accolades. Here was a parting gift for her charity, something to clip and paste in a memory book. “It’s not every woman who would supply the sick convicts with fresh flowers and delicacies. I want the Tribune to print that for me.”
A realization that he had a second chance, while his pals were denied such a blessed opportunity, brought back the tears. He brushed his hand across his eyes and added something else. “I’m sorry that poor O’Sullivan and Burke couldn’t live to get out, because I think they were innocent.”
“When do you think you’ll get transferred?” McEnnis asked.
 “Tomorrow. Saturday maybe, I don’t know.”
At that moment, the warden came over to break up the interview. “Don’t expect too much too soon,” the warden said. “I’ve seen a case where it took three weeks to get the papers from the Supreme Court.”
“If the sheriff were to come tonight, would you release him?” McEnnis asked.
“Of course,” Dement said. A doubt flashed in Dan’s mind, a worry that someone would pull strings so he couldn’t be put on a train for Chicago as quickly as he wished.
“Dan, the State’s Attorney has suggested that the case may be heard in February,” the reporter said. Two or three weeks away. Impossible for the defense to be prepared.
“That’s enough, now, John,” Dement said. “You have your exclusive.”



THIRTY-NINE


DAN


By the dim glow of the night light, Dan read through the Court’s decision that arrived by special messenger, then read it again. The Chief Justice of Illinois stated clearly that there was no evidence produced in the trial that supported Longenecker’s theory of a conspiracy by Camp No. 20 to murder Dr. Cronin. The prosecutor failed to prove that any committee was appointed to try the doctor, or that Dan Coughlin was appointed to hold such a trial. The judge wrote what should have been obvious to anyone sitting in the court room. The committee that Dan called for on February 8, 1889, was designed to investigate Cronin’s reading of a minority report to his Camp, when the United Brotherhood had forbidden him from doing so.
Only one of the forty-six judicial errors was needed by the Court to decide on a remand and retrial. The scene played out in Dan’s head as vividly as if he was there again, the pinched faces of Juror Clark and Juror Bontecou whose names had been placed on a special list of veniremen. Opinions as to guilt fixed and steady, not likely to change, yet McConnell badgered them and cajoled them until they finally said they would do their best to set aside their existing prejudice. There was Mr. Forrest, without a challenge left. McConnell said the jurors were competent. The Supreme Court of the State of Illinois said they were not.
Unable to sleep, Dan walked in stocking feet so that he didn’t disturb the patients, only to crawl back into bed and get up again ten minutes later. He had no stomach for his Friday breakfast of boiled cod and potatoes, and he thought he would be sick when the convict messenger informed him that Warden Dement had received a court order that morning, to release Daniel Coughlin to the Cook County Sheriff.
He tried to sit still, to read, to think, only to fill his cheek with another wad of Burke’s tobacco. Would have choked on it when the messenger came to get him if Neebe hadn’t seen the messenger first. “This is it, old man,” Neebe said. “Steady. Hold steady.”
Never before had he walked as fast as he did that afternoon, straight to the clothes repair shop where he would abandon the despised stripes of the convict. Mr. Petty was in no hurry, not when he was determined to send 46 off in as much style as could be found in a motley collection of apparel. A pair of black trousers and a white shirt, no matter that they were too big. Dan stripped to his drawers and pulled on the garments before the clerk had a chance to switch them out for something else.
Like a rush of wind before a thunderstorm, a gang of news reporters blew in and stopped in their tracks. “Jesus Christ,” one of them murmured. “There’s nothing left of him.” They stared, wide- eyed, as if they were looking at a specter, and Dan looked right back at them. Were they surprised to see him still alive, three years after they’d filled reams of newsprint to ensure his conviction? The Herald’s reporter used his pencil to tip up the brim of his hat, moved his jaw up and down like a startled fish and stood there with mouth gaping. Memories tumbled in Dan’s head and a blind rage consumed him, while his hands shook with a suppressed desire to punch the bastard square in the teeth.
“Don’t ask me anything about the case,” he said. Fuck you and you and you. “I’ll say nothing except that I’ve been treated well here.”
The coat that Petty gave him was too small but Dan was getting into it if he had to tear out the seams. Rummaging in the pile of hats, the clerk gave him three caps, all of which were too small. Questions came at him but he wasn’t listening. “It’s a wrong righted, that’s what it is,” he said. His eyes moved rapidly from the hats to the reporters to the door and back to the hats. Out, out, out. Who gives a flying fuck about a proper hat. The soft felt number covered his head just fine. The first steps to freedom. Dan stopped.
“I’ve left my books,” he said to the messenger. “Run up to the hospital and get my briefs. And my law books and my pictures.”
The guard brought him and the pack of newshounds to the warden’s office, where he shook hands with Morris and Spears from the County Jail. Dement clasped his hand after the clerk turned over the twenty dollars Dan had come in with, and then the keepers from the quarry stepped up to say good-bye. Mr. Groth came forward last, to remind Dan of an offer he’d made. A few more years, and Adam Groth would start up his own stone business. “Joliet’s a fine town to live and raise a family," Groth said. "And you'd be starting right at the top."
“Thanks, Mr. Groth, but I don’t think you’d survive on the quality of my workmanship,” Dan said.
One last parting shot came from the convicts who hadn’t managed to knife him in the back in an unguarded moment. Only the briefs were found, the books and photographs gone missing. Nothing would keep Dan in the penitentiary for a second longer. He shrugged it off, took the briefs, and followed the representatives from Chicago to the surrey that drove him to the depot. Mr. Morris pulled a pair of cigars out of his pocket and gave one to Dan.
“Jim Corbett was telling me that Chicago has more than a dozen new skyscrapers built since I was there last,” Dan said. The marvel, the wonder of a drive in the open air, the rocking of the surrey and the click of the horse shoes on the path. So like a dream.
The sensation of putting his foot on the step of the train car was indescribable. They found seats in the smoker and Morris told Dan to sit near the window. What a difference from the last time he sat on the train, with heavy shackles on his arms and legs. No fear any longer that the Fenians would try to spring him in a daring escape. No concern that Dan was physically capable of running. Taking it all in, Dan’s head swiveled like a greenhorn, his eye catching that of the conductor.
No sooner had the conductor moved to the next car than the door of that car opened and a crowd of well-dressed men stormed down the aisle. “Dan, Danny Coughlin,” Senator O’Malley bellowed. His greeting was warm, effusive, and strong enough to pump Dan’s arm right off his shoulder.
They crowded around, Tom Ryan and Porter Johnson, Sol Van Praag and Gene Praeger. Dan had to stand to reach their outstretched hands. “Senator Thiele, yes, thank you, I am overjoyed. Mr. Hayes, how’s Springfield treating you? Billy. Billy Lyman you look well."
“So, were you a good stone cutter?” Van Praag asked.
“Hell no. I spoiled more work than I did,” Dan said.
“Dan, what were your sensations when you heard about the Supreme Court’s decision?” O’Malley asked.
“I was reading Hugo’s Les Miserables when the telegram came. I tell you, O’Malley, I could have jumped for joy,” Dan said. “I didn’t want to die in prison.”
For that brief moment, he’d let his guard down. He turned to the window, to regain control over an avalanche of emotions that would bury him alive if he wasn’t careful. The clutch of politicians parted as Cap Farrell and State Representative Carmody pushed forward. Dan’s arm was sore; his hands ached from so many strong grips. The seats in front of Dan were empty, and Cap flipped the back so that he could ride backwards and visit with a tireless campaign worker. They talked Chicago politics, the Supreme Court decision that slapped Longenecker down but good, and the absurdity of staging an enormous World’s Fair that would be closed on Sunday, the only day a working man could attend. “We’re making progress, or you wouldn’t be on this train,” Farrell said. “But it’s one step back with one and one quarter forward.”
“Mr. Carmody sure caught hell for that report he made about the penitentiary,” Dan said.
“Politics as usual,” Carmody said. “No harm done to me. Figured we’d be better off with Altgeld in the Governor’s seat. More favorable to issuing pardons.”
“It’s the people who care about a man’s party affiliation,” the portly Farrell said. “We’re more interested in a man’s Hibernian credentials, aren’t we?”
The reporters must have figured that he was being talkative so it was a good time for a quiz. Dan wasn’t having any of it. He repeated his statement about Mrs. Dement’s kindness, to get it in as many papers as possible. For a time, he sat quietly, watching the lights of the city come into view and grow brighter as the train approached the station. Without thinking, Dan buttoned up his coat and then undid it because it was too soon. Buttoned up again because he wanted to get off the train. Unbuttoned it because he was getting too warm. The boys from Springfield all filed back to say good-bye, followed by strangers who wanted to see what the fuss was about. Too many eyes stared at him like he was an exhibit at a dime museum, too many faces with too many expressions to manage, while an old, familiar weariness filled him to overflowing.
“Keep steady,” Morris said. “We’ll wait until the crowd gets out.”
A mob had congregated at Central Depot, the Irish who had come out to show their support for one of their own, unjustly accused and alive by the grace of God. Dan stepped off the platform, his briefs clutched to his chest, and took Mr. Morris’ arm so that they could plow through the crowd. For all Dan knew, there could be a lynching party hidden there, to spring out and murder him. Eyes forward, his peripheral vision on alert for the slightest sign of danger, he made haste until he reached the heavy gates where three cops were holding back the crowd. He recognized Officer Gibbons, opened his mouth to shout out a greeting, but Gibbons was dead. His eyes had played a trick on him.
Familiar, but changed in some way. Canal Street was bustling with carriages and street cars, the noise almost deafening after three years of nothing but chisels ringing or consumptives coughing. The heavy stones of the County Jail were dirtier than they had been four years ago, and the Court House was gone, replaced by scaffolding and the unfinished walls of a new, modern jail annex. Inside, however, it was all as he had imagined on the train from Joliet. He tugged off the too-small overcoat and asked if he could weigh himself.
“175 pounds,” he said. He was alive and getting stronger. A reporter noted that he had lost twenty pounds since he’d been gone, but Dan ignored the little fool. He wasn’t down twenty, but up thirty since he’d been taken out of the quarry.
Too many people were pressing about him, too many curiosity seekers gawking at him. He hadn’t eaten all day. Until that moment, when his stomach growled, Dan was too emotional to notice. Ben Price, the Clerk of the lock-up, chuckled at the rumbling. “Put me in a cell and get me something to eat. I’m hungry,” Dan said. He’d had enough of the mob.
A man was sitting in the cell that Mr. Morris opened. “I’m not used to sharing,” Dan protested. The cells were too small for one man, tight quarters that resulted in bloody, brutal fistfights.
“Sorry, but we’re over-crowded and there are no empty cells on Murderer’s Row,” Price said. As if he were hosting a dinner party, the clerk introduced Dan to George Painter, a professional gambler who had won his appeal and was awaiting his second trial for the murder of a prostitute. He insisted that someone else had done it. That would make the cellmates like two peas in the same innocent pod. Dan slept with one eye open. Judging by Mr. Painter’s tense silence, Dan figured that Painter didn’t rest easy either.



FORTY


DAN


One chance to make his case, one chance at freedom, and Mr. Forrest informed Dan that he was backing out of the case on the day after Dan arrived in Chicago. Too stunned to ask why, he had to turn to his old Hancock friend Ed Ryan to explain the situation as best he could, their conversation stilted due to the very public arena that was the visitor’s cage. To the press, the attorney cried poor. He had yet to be paid for his time preparing the appeal, he told the reporters, and had reached such financial straits that he had to sell some stock to make ends meet.
“He knows his bill will be paid in full,” Ed said. A fierce Irish nationalist and a prominent citizen of Houghton County, his bank was one of several repositories for Land League funds. Forrest would get paid when Ed decided it was time to reimburse the attorney, and not before. “It’s obvious, isn’t it? Why else would he also state that he isn’t leaving the case, but will assist Donahoe and David?”
“He thinks I did it, doesn’t he?” Dan asked. “He doesn’t want to represent me again.”
“You’ve been away too long to know how things stand,” Ed said. “The problem, Dan, is that Mr. Forrest has lost his confidence.” 
“He was confident a year ago,” Dan said. “Are my witnesses deserting me?”
Ed rubbed his face with his hands, as if he could rub away the stress. “Last election, he was behind Cregier and he put forward a ticket for judges. The newspapers called it the Clan-na-Gael ticket. He’s the Clan-na-Gael lawyer. How can he defend you with that cloud hanging over his head? Mr. Forrest will stay behind the scenes, advising, but he’s afraid that if a jury sees the two of you at the defense table, it’ll put the first trial in their heads and we’re back to where we started.”
Dan fingered the spot where the jail barber had nicked his neck. He rubbed his palm over the bristly growth on his upper lip, the makings of a gentleman’s moustache that would restore him to himself. “I could be sentenced to hang.” A better fate than a life sentence. Ed wouldn’t understand. Dan wouldn’t enlighten him.
“I know. That’s why we’re going to take our time and not be rushed into mistakes.”
“What about bail?”
“Where do you go when you make bail? Up to Ishpeming? Long commute to the Court House, isn’t it?”
Deflated, Dan let his head fall against the basket weave grate of the visitor’s cage. “You’re always so financially astute, God damn you.” He wanted out of jail, desperately wanted to return to his wife. 
“Let’s be realistic now. You stay here as a guest of the County of Cook, it doesn’t cost you anything. Mrs. Coughlin is writing to old friends, to scratch up lodgings on a budget, but you don’t have a job and you don’t have an income.” Ryan rapped a tattoo on the cage. “Emotion can’t rule in this place.”
Dennis Coughlin had come down with Ryan, to see his son and give a statement to the reporters. It was good to see the old man, looking a bit less careworn than he had after the long rides to Joliet. Before Dan could even ask, his father explained that Maggie wanted to come with the babes, but it wasn’t a good idea for her to see her husband in his present state. A tailor had been hired to make Dan a new suit, which he would need for court, and Dennis could stall Maggie for about a week.
“Mr. Forrest might not be the face of this trial, son, but his hand is still in it,” Dennis said. “And that bastard Longenecker made a judge. No surprise that the two of them got into a heated argument in the Court House today. Soon as he left here after seeing you, with his blood up. Would have come to blows, some say, if not for the bailiffs.”
 “Kunze came to see me,” Dan said. “Mr. Morris wouldn’t let him in. I suppose he came to cheer me up. Are we square with Mr. Donahoe?”
“A fine, fine attorney and a fine man,” Dennis said. “Learned from past mistakes and won’t be repeating them.” 
“Tom has his story straight, then?” Dan asked.
“Rehearsing and rehearsing. They did it to you, didn’t they, with the trained donkeys they taught to bray in unison? Time to give it right back to them.”
* * *
As an inmate of the County Jail, Dan was allowed a steady stream of visitors. Early on, his former partner Jake Lowenstein came with two pairs of pants and three shirts, priced at wholesale by the disgraced detective turned haberdasher. Old friends brought him cigars, more than he could smoke in a month, and it was invigorating to read every single newspaper, morning and evening. He walked around the bullpen, preparing his mind for the ordeal that was to come. With every step, he heard the heavy footfall of Martin Burke, the semi-shuffle of Pat O’Sullivan, and the confident tread of John Beggs. With every step, he was dogged by the realization that he might have appealed his way back to a short lifetime of pure hell in Joliet.
In clothes that fit properly, Dan was ready for his wife’s first call, for the joy of childish chatter. Maggie found lodging with an old friend, Mrs. Macey, who lived in the northwest suburb of Jefferson. The distance meant that Maggie had to ride the train to see her husband, and the expense limited her visits to once per day. Compared to every eight weeks, it was like a daily dose of spring tonic, an invigorating concoction of home-cooked meals and clean clothes that smelled of familiar soap and starch. The nightmares that roused Dan from sleep, woke him up in a cold sweat, eased, until he found that he could get five hours of rest at a stretch before his mind played tricks on him and put him back in the quarry.
* * *
“The State Legislature passed this law only recently, to force the courts to clear their dockets in a more timely manner,” Mr. Donahoe said. He leaned across the table so that he would not have to shout in the attorney’s room, and be heard by one and all. 
“You’re saying that the State’s Attorney has to bring me to trial by February, or they have to release me?” Dan asked. It sounded too good to be true.
“Precisely. However.” Donahoe smoothed down the long hairs of his bushy moustache. “We are not ready to begin. It is unlikely that Mr. Kern is ready to begin either, but we cannot be certain that he has not been preparing since the appeal was filed for the late Mr. O’Sullivan. That is a risk that I am not willing to take.”
“So the law is made moot when you ask for a continuance,” Dan said.
“The law worked to your benefit at the Supreme Court level, and for that we are grateful,” Donahoe said. “While Mr. Kern may be relieved that he will not have to make haste, he has been complaining mightily about the Supreme Court decision. Gutted his case, he says. The conspiracy theory, gone in a puff of smoke, along with the myth of the trial in Camp Number 20 that was used to implicate you. His only option is to demonstrate that you participated in a murder of your own accord, outside of a conspiracy.”
Thanks to the Supreme Court’s ruling, Dan saw a little light shining in the distance. To reach that light, however, would take more money than most men earned in a lifetime. “If the subscriptions for the defense fund are insufficient to cover your costs, and if we don’t win,” Dan said, only to be abruptly cut off.
“Senator O’Malley and Representative Lyman are finding great success. Unfortunate that some of Cronin’s friends have gotten wind of it.” Donahoe pushed a sheaf of papers across the table, more briefs to prepare his client for the February court appearance. “They managed to shoot themselves in the foot by concocting a ridiculous tale that O’Malley’s been promised a position as Chief Clerk of the Court by Mr. Kern, a position limited to lawyers when O’Malley is not a lawyer. They’re also implying that Mr. Kern has been unduly influenced by their opponents. It’s like living in an insane asylum to listen to them.”
“Driven mad by their lust for power,” Dan said.
“At any rate, we’ll go into court, ask for a continuance, and Mr. Kern will dance for joy that the statute is made moot. Then we will play a little game, in which I will end up with the judge of my choosing.”
No longer under the thumb of Joliet’s strict rules, Dan was able to be seen by a competent physician who had an excellent reputation for curing worms. As easy as taking a powder, Dan was rid of his tapeworm in a matter of hours, rid of his last souvenir of the state penitentiary. All he needed was fresh air and sunshine to be restored to health, but fresh air and sunshine were not available in a cage on Murderer’s Row. As the temperature climbed, so too did the number of days he was ill. The wait for the trial wore on him, his fear of dying in jail becoming an obsession.
* * *
In June, when the windows of the jail were thrown open and the fetid air of the filthy streets wafted in, Dan was called to the visitor’s cage by a friend of a friend, a colored woman he was told. He recognized Mrs. Parson at once; her constant presence at the Anarchists’ trial had imprinted her image on Dan’s brain. The years since her husband’s hanging had been cruel to her features, the lines deeper and the downward pull of her lips more prominent. She nodded at the thick parcel she had deposited in the package room, the brown wrapper growing wrinkled with the sweat from Dan’s hands as he held it on his lap. The slightest hint of a smile warmed her sad features. 
“Mr. Neebe wishes me to convey his best wishes to you,” she said.
Dan glanced at the document, a copy of a pardon so fresh that the ink was probably not yet dry on the pages. He took the time to thumb through it, to scan the paragraphs that set the three remaining Anarchists free. With sincere joy at Neebe’s salvation, he asked that Mrs. Parson convey his heartfelt congratulations to a man who had suffered far more than Dan, and for much longer. His eyes sailed past the sections of trial transcripts that Governor Altgeld used to frame his reasoning, on to the section that featured Juror Bontecou in capital letters. The Anarchists were freed because the Supreme Court had recently found that a trial judge could not hand-pick the jury pool, nor could he badger a juror into submission. It had taken an injustice done to three Irishmen to make someone sit up and take notice.
“My husband has been vindicated,” she said.
“I’m sorry for the role I played, ma’am,” Dan said. Vindication would not restore a hanged man to life, or restore a husband to his wife.
“You paid a price, a heavy price, and one that may not yet be paid in full,” she said. “Thank you for your determination to seek justice.”
“I did it for me, not for Neebe or Schwab or Fielden either.”
“At birth, Mr. Coughlin, my future was one of unremitting toil, the sort of hopeless exhaustion that you experienced in the stone quarry.” Her spine was straight, her voice filled with pride. Little wonder that she could command the attention of an audience in spite of her petite frame. “Countless brave Irish boys fought and died far from their homes. Not so that I could be free. No, they joined the army so that they could have a steady income to support their families. They didn’t care if the slaves were freed. Many of them wanted the slaves to remain in their misery, knowing that the Irish were little more than white niggers who could lose their jobs to the colored man. Yet my people were freed, were they not?”
“It couldn’t have happened any other way. It was slavery that split the country. A man fighting to preserve the Union was fighting to kill slavery whether he wanted to or not,” Dan said.
“And a man fighting for justice brings justice to those he never set out to help,” she said. “And so I thank you.”
“Has Mr. Neebe come home?”
She nodded and turned to go, but paused to call out to John Lewis, the colored janitor who was scrubbing the floor in the visitor’s waiting area. “You take care of this man,” she said. “See that his needs are met to the full extent of your abilities.”
* * *
It was the middle of September before the trial was docketed for the October session. Setting the date gave Dan a goal, something that he found lacking when he was sitting around in the jail waiting for the wheels of justice to start turning. While he waited, with time hanging heavy on his hands, he leafed through a book of photographs of the World’s Fair that Maggie brought him, an event that she had no desire to witness without her husband at her side. With South Town Assessor Mike McNamara he discussed the debacle that would be Irish Day at the World’s Columbian Exposition. In the mind of the nationalist faction that followed on John Devoy’s heels, it was to be a day of rehabilitation for Sullivan’s faction, and they urged their followers to stay away. Attendance meant support for the murderers of Dr. Cronin, went the reasoning. Any excuse to pick a fight, to get some attention to a losing cause. The priests were telling their parishioners to be sure to attend, Mayor Harrison was giving Irish- American city workers the day off, and the day would proceed as planned. Devoy’s clique could go cry in their beer.



FORTY-ONE


DAN


Meeting with Donahoe and David, he was cautioned not to find comfort in the fact that most of the witnesses who testified in the first trial were either dead or missing. Captain Schuettler ignored all other crime in the city and put his detectives to running down every living witness. Devoy’s followers were hard at work shaking the trees in search of new voices to bolster a conspiracy theory, so determined were they to crush opposition to their leader.
The newspapers continued to be mouthpieces for John Devoy and his supporters, who never lost an opportunity to proclaim Coughlin’s guilt. Their posturing for position collapsed at the end of October, when anything to do with the Cronin murder fell away from the front pages. On the day before the World’s Columbian Exposition was to close, Mayor Carter Harrison was gunned down in his own home by a madman. The public’s blood lust had a new, fresher target. Stories about Dan’s trial fell back to the third, the eighth, the fifteenth page.
* * *
Mr. Lewis shined Dan’s shoes and brushed his suit coat. “Clothes make the man, Mr. Coughlin,” he said. A well-tailored suit and a silk cravat conveyed a picture of respectability, and respectability meant innocence in the mind of a jury.
Dan pulled on his topcoat while Lewis took the brush to his bowler hat. “They say that house in Lakeview is haunted, sir, and so many people seen Pat O’Sullivan’s ghost it made a believer out of me. Walks the floors, boarders hear him. Can’t rent a haunted place.”
The courthouse was in the new County Building a few blocks away. Dan would not be walking with Pat’s ghost over the iron bridge, but he felt the man’s presence as he strode along Clark Street with the bailiff. Look, he wanted to say to Pat and Martin. Look at me, walking like a free man without shackles to Judge Tuthill’s courtroom. What sort of prisoner is allowed to walk so freely? One who’s innocent, Pat whispered in his ear. Vindicate us, Martin murmured, or was it the winter wind blowing off the lake?
Near the jury box, Maggie and Dennis were in dark colors, as if in mourning. On the other side of the room was John Kunze, as faithful as a lap dog when it came to Dan Coughlin. Still full of bluster and boasting, he called on Dan at the jail frequently to lift the man’s spirits with an outlook so positive it was almost comical. A glance at the press table revealed the presence of John Devoy, hiding behind his profession when he was much more than a simple news reporter. The sour face showed that he was still hurting from Archbishop Feehan’s speech of last May, in which the clergyman called for honorable resistance to England, while Alexander Sullivan sat in a prominent place in the audience.
“Is the case ready to proceed?” Judge Tuthill asked.
 “We are ready,” said Assistant State’s Attorney Bottum.
The only hired gun to return was Kickham Scanlan, in spite of not getting paid by the County after the first trial. State’s Attorney Kern filled out the table for the prosecution, while Daniel Donahoe and Russell Wing reprised their roles. Jury selection began and John Beggs was calling on his lawyer for a challenge but Beggs was dead. Dan walked with ghosts, sat with ghosts. On the desk was a copy of the Supreme Court decision, not a ghost but the spark of life. Judge Tuthill did not seem to notice.
See what we’ve done, Dan told his dead friends. The jury pool was selected by a blindfolded bailiff, drawing numbers from a locked box in the presence of a judge. Never again could a judge pack the jury with a select few. The price that was paid. All those men, dead. Random selection, pointed questions. You died for this, Martin. Those prejudiced against the Clan na Gael were dismissed by the court. Those who belonged to organizations that banned Catholic members were dismissed. Those with fixed views were dismissed, drawing an objection from the prosecutor. The Supreme Court decision was waved like a battle flag. The objection was over-ruled.
Four hours per day, six days per week, accepted and rejected; Maggie sent him a cake for this birthday and the janitor, John Lewis, bought him a twenty-five cent cigar. Another list of potential jurors, the questions repeated, the challenges. In a cloud of words, Dan sat in court and read the newspapers. “Are you acquainted with a Mr. Dennis Cunnea?” Mr. Bottum asked the venireman. The somnolent pace of questioning came to an abrupt halt. Dan was all ears.
“Never heard of him,” the potential juror said.
No one had seen or heard of Cunnea, who served as muscle for Dan’s candidates at the polling places, since May of 1889. For the assistant State’s Attorney to bring it up meant the prosecutors had uncovered something new. Where had the name come from, after so many years? At the press table, John Devoy was holding court, telling all who would listen that the case against Coughlin was stronger than ever, there were four pieces of new evidence to be admitted, and the conspiracy theory was going forward with a new cast of participants. The County Commissioners had tampered with the jury pool, Devoy claimed, to send forward a disproportionate number of incompetents and North Side Irish toughs. The ghosts took seats along the rails. They packed the windowsills.
Three weeks spent to choose twelve men. One juror was a member of the Knights of Labor, an organization that Alexander Sullivan strongly supported. Another was an Irishman, a streetcar conductor like Tom Whalen. A third was a friend of Kunze who bought ice from Pat O’Sullivan. Three votes to acquit. John Beggs rubbed his hands with glee; he proclaimed a hung jury.
Alone, Dan would have to face Andy Foy’s crazy wife, one of the new witnesses promised by Mr. Devoy. A tale of secret meetings in her parlor, the names of the conspirators. Her husband intemperate. The news brought tears to Maggie’s eyes, tears of rage and frustration that the perjury was happening all over again and no one seemed to be able to stop it. There was a time when she felt sorry for Mrs. Foy. Pity had become hatred of crystalline purity.
“How can a wife testify against her husband?” Dennis asked
Mr. Donahoe before Judge Tuthill arrived.
“I’ll cite case law until my tongue falls out of my head,” Mr. Wing said. “It’s preposterous.”
“After the Haymarket riot, she told everyone around that it was her husband who threw the bomb,” Dan said. “The woman’s demented.”
“What about these meetings she describes?” Mr. Wing asked. “Did you attend such meetings?”
“Election meetings, every one of them,” Dan said. “I had to organize the campaigners. Assign each of them a quota of saloons to visit, get them the cash to buy the votes, make sure they were ready to get the votes out in their precinct. That doesn’t get done in one meeting.”
Mr Wing scratched his head. “I’d rather not have the jury hear an explanation like that.”
“She makes something out of nothing. Andy takes one or two beers at the saloon, and she calls him a drunkard.” Dan was too much of a gentleman to say what he really thought about Mrs. Foy. “She’s an angry, bitter woman.”
“Let’s send Mrs. Coughlin out shopping,” Mr. Donahoe said. “In Mrs. Foy’s neck of the woods. Witnesses don’t like talking to defense attorneys, but women will talk to each other for the sake of moving their lips.”
“If we can’t keep her off the stand, we’ll crucify her,” Mr. Wing said.
Dan’s lips parted, to negate the plan, but the words wouldn’t come out. Pat and Martin clamped their hands over Dan’s mouth.



FORTY-TWO


DAN


The image of a respectable man, the picture of a respectable wife and mother; Attorney Donahoe created a tableau that was as much a part of his defense as the questions he would put to witnesses. Close to the jury, he put Maggie and her beautiful, well- behaved children. Dennis at her left, the stern grandfather whose heart melted in the presence of the shy Michael. Save this family, he would argue. Let the newspaper headlines call the defendant “Big Dan”. He was Papa. He was Husband. He was Son.
Mr. Scanlan entered with a stack of law books in his arms, bristling with scraps of paper, and went promptly to Judge Tuthill’s chambers. After thirty minutes, the Judge took his seat and Mr. Kern proceeded to ask for a recess.
“What’s happening?” Dan asked.
“No idea,” Mr. Donahoe said.
The prosecutor couldn’t hand-pick his jury, but Kern could resurrect the specter of jury tampering. Another delay, then, while the Commissioner’s office was investigated; Dan fretted about unseen hands once again manipulating the courtroom, hidden even from his attorney’s steady gaze. Just like the last time, days and weeks slipping by and no jury empanelled. With the anniversary of his first conviction looming, Dan took his seat at the defense table.
“Women gossiping,” Donahoe said, his mouth tight in anger. “Such was the basis of Kern’s accusation of tampering. Utterly unfounded. Judge Tuthill, however, believes that it is better to dismiss the two gentlemen in question and preclude any future assertions of a rigged trial.”
“How many newspapers did they sell with the sensation?” Dan murmured.
“It means that the jury is now not complete. Another voir dire will have to be scheduled.”
The janitor’s wife sent Dan a sweet potato pie for Thanksgiving. It was the first time he’d eaten colored food. Didn’t taste much different from Maggie’s pumpkin pie.  He thought about telling that to Mr. Wing when the attorney arrived on Sunday for a meeting so critical to the case that he had to prepare his client before Monday’s court session. Mr. Wing was too agitated for small talk.
“Mr. Kern has been sitting on these affidavits for weeks,” Wing said. He thumped the stack of pages with his meaty fist. “Finally, one of the gentlemen who made the allegations came to us with the information when it was apparent that Mr. Kern failed to act.” 
Dan perused the first page. It read like a confession. “There must have been some mistake as F. C. Rehm was in Chicago at the time of the Cronin murder because I roomed with him and he said he had seen Dr. Cronin’s funeral.” Dan read out loud, lifting his eyes now and then to take in the pleased and plump face of Mr. Wing. “Yet he swore in court that he was not in Chicago at the time.”
“And another affidavit that places Mr. Rehm at his place of employment, with payroll records to verify it. Two more affidavits, to ascertain without prejudice that Mr. Rehm is a liar,” Wing said. “The last taste left in the jury’s mouth tastes like prosecutorial misconduct.” Mr.  Rehm was  politely excused on  Monday  afternoon, after Mr. Wing presented the affidavits and Mr. Bottum objected. Judge Tuthill did not sustain his objection. If John Devoy thought he could plant one of his own on the jury panel, he surely understood that a travesty such as he had manipulated four years ago had been demolished, just as the old courthouse had been reduced to rubble. Mr. Wing drove home the point.
“What was the reason the attorneys for the State did not act in Rehm’s case as they acted in the others?” Mr. Wing inquired of the court. “Why was one improper juror permitted to remain on the panel with the knowledge and consent of the State? If the desire was to secure a fair and impartial jury, why was Rehm kept and Gates and Wilson let go?”
“I have been too busy with the multitude of matters in my charge to look up the Rehm affair,” Mr. Bottum protested. It was the wrong thing to say to a pair of attorneys who were devoted to the pursuit of justice. It was the wrong thing to say before Judge Tuthill. As if the wind had shifted, Dan felt a change in the air.
With one peremptory challenge remaining, Mr. Donahoe took heed of Maggie’s handkerchief fluttering up to her nose and accepted Mr. Oscar Brooks, a young man who lived near the Macey family in Jefferson. Court recessed again, so that the minutiae of three lives could be thoroughly sifted. Neither defense nor prosecution wanted to make a mistake.
* * *
“Mrs. Foy has sought police protection,” Donahoe said before the jury was brought in. “Your wife says the woman is a fantasist of the first order. The hysterical type who craves attention. She also heard reports that Mrs. Foy was in receipt of various gifts from Mrs. T. T. Conklin.”
Stunned for a moment, Dan swallowed hard. Paid perjury. It had nearly killed him once. It might kill him yet. “If you can’t keep her from testifying, do whatever you must to impeach her. If it costs me a friendship with Andy Foy,” Dan said with a shrug.
One defendant, one case; Mr. Wing found ample room to maneuver as he wrestled for position against the prosecutors. Confidence radiated from his fingertips as he presented compelling legal reasons for Mrs. Foy to be banned from testifying against her husband. Violations of written law, violations of common law, examples and citations flew from under the walrus-like moustache. Yet it was all so much posturing. Mr. Wing’s initial goal was to keep the name of Mrs. Foy out of Mr. Scanlan’s opening remarks, in the event that he failed to keep her out of the courtroom.
“They are weakening,” crowed John Devoy at the noon recess. “They are frightened. Pretending to laugh at her story, called her a crank. Now when it comes to the opening of the case they change their tactics.” 
Mr. Donahoe whispered in Dan’s ear. “He knows he’s losing to Mr. Sullivan’s minions and that will only make him more determined. Do not let your guard down. There’s no telling what dirty trick he might play before this is over.”



FORTY-THREE


DAN


Like a stork was Kickham Scanlan, thin and leggy, with a tendency to lean forward and lead with his beak of a nose. Not quite the orator that Joel Longenecker was in his day as a prosecutor. The trial was supposed to be shorter than the last. Of course it would be. One man on trial rather than five. John Kunze was crowded into a corner, too short to see over the heads and hats of the ladies. Four years ago, he didn’t know why he had been put on trial. He’d since learned.
“Several days ago, I went over the old familiar scene, very familiar to me because this is my second appearance in this case.” Kickham Scanlan opened for the State. “My mind went back to those days when murderers stood on the street corners laughing at the people and the efforts of justice to show up their wrong doing.”
“To that we object, Your Honor, if you please.” Mr. Donahoe was on his feet, interrupting the flow of incriminating words.
“The objection will be noted,” Judge Tuthill said.
“Daniel Coughlin led the search for the body of the dead doctor,” Scanlan continued. Off to the side nearest the jury box, Maggie held her handkerchief to her face.  “The man who the State claims was the leader of the tools that killed him, the agent of the people of Illinois to unearth that crime.”
A few more sentences, and Scanlan tried to bring in the verdict of the previous trial. The judge agreed with Mr. Donahoe, that such a mention was not proper. “That should have no bearing on this case at all,” he advised the prosecutor.
Conspiracy was described and the names of Martin Burke and Pat O’Sullivan entered the record. Their faces came before Dan, the haggard and gaunt features of men drawing their last breath. His composure gave way, his shoulders sagged as if a heavy weight was being settled on his back, slowly, word by word. Turning to scan the faces of each juror in turn, Dan tried to gauge their reactions to the prosecutors. Donahoe objected to a remark. The judge allowed an exception. Scanlan waved his arm in the air as he educated the jury as to reasonable doubt. There was no reading the twelve impassive faces.
“In 1884, there was at the head of this organization,” Scanlan continued, only to be cut off abruptly.
“I would like your Honor to follow this part of the argument. We object to it,” Donahoe said. They wouldn’t be putting Alexander Sullivan on trial without a fight.
“It seems to me the history of the Irish societies cannot be tried here,” Mr. Wing added.
“I cannot tell,” Tuthill said.
“This proof was submitted and rejected, according to the decision of the Supreme Court,” Wing said.
“I am not going into details,” Scanlan argued. “Simply to show the relationship of Dr. Cronin and Daniel Coughlin in certain matters, that is all.”
“Exception.” From Mr. Wing.
“The exception will be noted,” Tuthill said.
Back to his prepared remarks went Kickham Scanlan. “Dr. Cronin assailed the officials of the Executive and Society.”
“If you please, your Honor,” Mr. Donahoe said with some vehemence. “That can never be admitted in this hearing.”
Scanlan went right back to where he left off. The judge allowed yet another exception to be noted in the record. Already, Dan’s attorneys were preparing the way for the next appeal. They would appeal until the end of time, if needed, appeal every case until their client was acquitted or died of old age. “And Daniel Coughlin was one of the jurors who tried him and found him guilty of treason.”
 “Of course we except to those remarks,” Donahoe said. “The ground of our objections is the Supreme Court has passed upon that matter fully.”
“Your exception will be noted,” Tuthill said. “Proceed, Mr. Scanlan.”
Every few minutes, there was an exception to Scanlan’s remarks. Every few minutes, the judge allowed it. Like going back in time, that was the feeling that rumbled around in Dan’s head. He was living the nightmare all over again. One slight alteration removed the conspiracy out of Camp No. 20 and planted it in Dan’s heart. With no other defendants, he would bear the brunt of the assault. By the time that Scanlan finished, it took all of Dan’s courage to settle his features into a confident mask and tell the reporters that the trial from four years ago was like a dream to him. Hard labor in Joliet was enough to drive everything from a man’s mind.
He understood that the jury did not have the option to find for manslaughter. Murder or nothing. Guilty or innocent. Death by hanging or death by incarceration. He would dive off the top of the quarry before they could suck the life out of him.
The Coughlin clan was an oasis of tranquility when Mr. Donahoe drew everyone’s attention to the group sitting near the jury box. “In your hands is committed not only the life of Daniel Coughlin but the peace, honor and happiness of his wife and family.” A masterful stroke, said Pat’s ghost. Grand, said Martin. Summoned from their rest. They might rest in peace when peace was restored.
Mr. Donahoe’s voice rose as he delivered his address, describing the first trial as a mockery of  justice and law. As for the judge, he’d had enough of the subtle remarks intended to introduce the original trial into the proceedings. He ruled the remark out of order, but he could not order twelve men to not hear what they had just heard. Keeping to his script, Donahoe plowed ahead, to dramatically suggest that innocent men were sent to the penitentiary, innocent men who suffered all manner of misery while awaiting the slow wheels of the law to turn in their favor. Innocent men who died waiting for justice that was delayed. Good man, said Pat and Martin in unison, delighted by the skilled oratory. We’re here to stay until the end.
“Where did this conspiracy commence and when did it commence?” Donahoe planted the seeds that he hoped would sprout into thick tangles of doubt. At the end, when the jury retired to deliberate, he wanted them to ask themselves those same questions, to wonder where the evidence was to support the prosecutor’s theory. “Was Dr. Cronin killed in the Carlson cottage? I do not know and I  cannot ascertain from the proofs. You will not know and you cannot ascertain from the proofs, and therefore it will be your duty to allow Daniel Coughlin once more to breathe the free air of liberty, surrounded by his faithful, loving wife and little child.”
Again, twelve pairs of eyes shifted. Annie, blue-eyed and blond and prettily dressed, turned sad eyes to the men. Juror Benson’s eyes were moist.



FORTY-FOUR


DAN


Innocent until proven guilty, Mr. Wing reminded the jurors. How different in America, so unlike England where a laboring man was guilty and had little hope of proving his innocence. The streetcar conductors shifted in their seats. Once Cronin’s body was found, the Irish were rounded up, Mr. Wing said. Any Irishman would do for the State’s purpose. The Irishman on the jury flinched.
The buoyancy that Dan felt after listening to Mr. Wing tear the prosecution’s case to shreds was gone by Monday morning. Discussing Mrs. Foy was an unpleasant matter, one in which he would have to support a claim of madness when he felt sorry for the woman. She was the mother of fifteen children, nine of them dead, and Dan had to agree with Maggie that so much tragedy would drive any woman over the brink. He didn’t want to agree with Maggie about another point, but for the sake of his life, he would. Mrs. Foy had married beneath her, one of the high and mighty McLaughlins taking a common laborer for her wedded husband. The inequality became a constant source of friction, one that Dan tried to smooth over on more occasions than he could count. “You don’t mean that now, missus,” he had said it so often it was a standard phrase to use in her presence. You don’t mean that now, but how would the jury learn just how cruel and spiteful she could be?
“She’s dragged Michael Davitt’s name into the case,” Mr. Wing said.
“So John Devoy’s writing her script,” Dan said.
“She claims that her husband is drinking heavily,” Wing said. 
“To get away from her he hides in the saloon. He can’t afford to drink. She’s a harridan and he’s sorry he ever married her, and she’s sorry she married him.” Dan ran his finger along the edge of the newspaper that Mr. Lewis had brought to him at breakfast. “Sometimes I think it would be a good thing if the Catholic Church permitted divorce.”
“Mrs. Coughlin claims that Mrs. Foy had a certain affection for you.”
“For getting after Andy to keep the peace. Thought I was on her side. Isn’t it always the one running to Mass every morning the one who’s the most vindictive?” She was a bitch of the first order. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen her smile.”
The perils of educating females was embodied in Mrs. Foy, whose intelligence went completely to waste as the wife of a bricklayer. Never enough money to keep house and home together, and if Andy had shown some control over his desires they wouldn’t have been fruitful to the point of penury. Denny Cunnea insulted her once, and Andy seconded the motion. Like a great eejit, Dan sat by and said nothing. She would have her vengeance on all of them in one swoop.
“Mrs. Coughlin has also discovered that Mrs. Foy is all but friendless,” Donahoe said.
“Even the ladies have a limit to their patience with a woman like that,” Dan said. “She never stops complaining about her hard life. What woman doesn’t think she has a hard life and a difficult husband?”
The ghosts sat with Dan when Cronin’s clothes were put into evidence, asking questions. Which is worse, they wondered, the stink of the cells or the stink of the rags that were pulled out of the sewer? Were they the relics of a saint to the Conklins who preserved them since the first trial? The judge ordered the windows thrown open, in the middle of December. He would not take Mr. Wing’s suggestion to put them out. Mr. Scanlan smiled. As it had been before, so it was again.
* * *
A deluge of words, and Mr. Donahoe created a whirlpool in which he drowned the German prosecution witnesses. What had been solid testimony at the first trial became a tangle of backtracking and confusion that raised serious questions about the veracity of the bloody trunk they claimed to have found in Lakeview. Trip, trip, trip, fall down. Pay attention. Concentrate. No matter how hard he tried to sit in the courtroom, the ghosts dragged Dan back to Joliet, where the cold sting of the chisel made his hand ache. He sensed movement over his shoulder. Startled, he turned to fight off the convict sneaking up to kill him. It was only the bailiff shifting in his seat.
When the night watchman from Lakeview took the stand, Dan stared a hole through him, daring him to commit perjury. The small man blinked incessantly under the glare. Who did he see on the wagon, the one that carried the trunk? No one who fit Coughlin’s description. One week of testimony, one week of wandering among the ghosts, ended.
There was no tripping up the washerwoman who saw everything on the night of May 4 in vivid detail, a woman of prodigious and inhuman memory. “Now, madam,” Mr. Wing asked his last question. “Tell this court and jury how much money has been paid you by Captain Schuettler for your testimony in this case.”
Mr. Bottum jumped up to object, but he was too late. “That man owes me twenty cents for carfare already,” she said. Did you hear her, so, asked Martin’s ghost. Admitting to paid perjury as I said to Judge McConnell. Did the jury hear it that way? Martin didn’t reply.



FORTY-FIVE


DAN


From John Devoy’s cronies to Daniel Coughlin, a Merry Christmas. He was reading the newspaper, refusing to think about another holiday without his family, waiting for the prosecutor to call the next witness, when Mrs. Foy was announced. Like a rat chased from its hole, she left Judge Tuthill’s office and walked to the witness stand. Dan bored a hole through her, too. Behind him, he heard Maggie’s chair squeak. “Nduine brèagach,” his wife murmured. Liar. “Is fèidir leat a dhò in ifreann.”
Skittish dark eyes landed on Dan and Lizzie Foy looked away, the shame on her face undisguised. With a pleading look she turned to Maggie but Maggie was cursing her to hell. She’d find no friend where once were friends. A friend who gave her Annie’s old clothes for the baby and never saw them again when Michael was born. The jury was out of the room. The sneak, Scanlan, brought the woman in without giving the judge a chance to decide if Mrs. Foy could legally testify. In the end, though,Tuthill decided that she could take the stand the next day, and he gave her the police escort she demanded, to protect her from her husband.
A sleepless night, but Dan was ready the next morning. Every lie she told, he wrote on a pad of paper. Every lie she told would be refuted by defense witnesses who would tear the miserable hag apart. No mercy. The jury looked at Mrs. Foy. They looked at Maggie. Maggie’d win. Still a pretty little thing. Handsome children to her credit.
The vast conspiracy was set out: Cooney the Fox, Andy Foy, Daniel Coughlin, Denny Cunnea, Martin Burke, Joseph McKenna. Meeting and plotting. She heard it all. Alexander Sullivan promising to take care of the families. Michael Davitt in Ireland ordering the murder. Michael O’Connor, Andrew Duggan, Michael Kennedy the godfather of her dead daughter. She named every one of Coughlin’s campaign workers who were supervised by Andy Foy.
“That’s all I heard,” Mrs. Foy said. Dan met with her husband on May 10. He told a funny story about a trick played on a drunk in the police lock-up. “The door was closed when I went out.”
“Didn’t you swear to the jury that your husband never closed the door after May 4?”
“I don’t remember about the door,” she said. Lips tight. Getting hot.
What of the policeman who was assigned to protect her? “Where was he put, in what room?” Mr. Wing asked.
“He wasn’t put in my house.”
“Hasn’t he been inside the house?”
“Yes, he sits in the lounge and talks to the children.”
“You want to get rid of your husband, don’t you.” Mr. Wing, longing to attack but already taken to task by the judge for being too harsh with a lady.
“Not in the way you insinuate,” Mrs. Foy said. Three jurors frowned.
“You like the defendant pretty well, don’t you?”
“Oh, yes, I have every reason to like him.” She did indeed. Andy would have tossed her out long ago if not for Dan working on him.
“You do like him? You swear to this jury?” “No I do not. I say I don’t like him.”
“Answer my question.”
“I have good reason to like him.” More puzzlement from the twelve. The ravings of a woman unhinged.
“Hasn’t Mrs. T. T. Conklin given you lots of presents?” Like a knife into the heart cut Mr. Wing.
“A few, not lots.”
“She has given you a carpet, hasn’t she?” Yes. “She has given the children clothing?” Not much. “Any money?”
“She loaned me a little money when I needed it very badly.”
Wing caught her signaling to someone in the court. She denied it, but the jury all looked back and saw Mrs. Conklin in the general vicinity. Wing changed the subject, asking if she didn’t accuse her husband of throwing the bomb in the Haymarket, if she didn’t threaten to go to the trial judge and testify that he threw the bomb. “Haven’t neighbors half a block away heard you scream that you threw the bomb?”
Objection, sustained, and then Mrs. Foy raised her arms to heaven and cried out, “Oh, Judge, that is terrible. That is awful.” A woman deranged. A fishwife. Maggie behind him, demure, sweet. Mr. Benson admiring her posture in the chair, her figure still attractive after birthing two children.
The letters Mrs. Foy had written to Mr. Forrest in 1892 were put into play, the extortion letters in which she demanded payment or she’d talk to the prosecution. John Devoy was on his feet, demanding that she be allowed to answer a question after Wing withdrew it. “You have no right to make any remark at all,” Judge Tuthill said. A slap in the face of the man who would be the king of the Irish but for Aleck Sullivan. Dan’s palm stung with the force of the blow his imagination delivered.
She denied that she’d told Mr. Longenecker’s assistant that she never heard a conversation that would help the State in its case back in 1889. She denied that she’d claimed to only know what was spread by neighborhood gossip or newspapers. Did she not, did she not, Wing kept after her and Mr. Bottum objected. Judge Tuthill over- ruled. Didn’t she say that a man named Kennedy drove the buggy with the white horse? Didn’t she call Kennedy a damn black coward? Didn’t she tell a neighbor that if she knew something about Alexander Sullivan she would be made comfortable by Mrs. T. T. Conklin for the rest of her life?
The lawyer wasn’t done. He complained about the treatment of a defense witness, taken in by policemen and subjected to the “sweat box treatment” by Captain Schuettler and Inspector Schaack. “Just as soon as a witness is supposed to know anything that witness is suspected and accused.” Juror Olson leaned back in his seat and crossed his legs.
Whistling past the graveyard, Kickham Scanlan declared that the defense was getting desperate. Mr. Wing heard the note of alarm and soon had Mrs. Foy claiming that Mr. Kennedy was going to strike her on the stairs, that she had never called him a Cronin murderer. One more question, and she said that she did call him a Cronin murderer. The grilling was merciless. Mr. Bottum squirmed. She insisted that she wrote to Mr. Forrest asking him to change her husband, not to demand money. He was a beast, a brute, a damn black dog. Easy to pick out the married jurors by the stretch of the neck, the clench of the jaw, the tug at the collar.
The questions continued for another day. Who came to the house on this day, on that day, on this day; Mrs. Foy got angry with Mr. Wing. Never once did she mention a neighbor or a lady friend stopping by the house. Loneliness could drive a person crazy. Solitary confinement. Dan had all of Christmas Day to ponder the reaction of the jury, what they might or might not have thought of Mrs. Foy. He might hang yet. The wait to find out his fate was unbearable.



FORTY-SIX


DAN


Blood and post mortems. Cause of death. The ghosts settled comfortably in the court room. Everyone had a good laugh right after Christmas when the bailiff didn’t recognize Dan and told him he couldn’t come in because the room was full. “You’ll have to stay out or get an order from Judge Tuthill,” the bailiff said.
“That’s a good thing, too,” Dan said. Laughter. Mirth. Martin was ready with a laugh. Pat’s smile was slow in coming.
The judge banned all testimony regarding the meeting in Camp No. 20. The Supreme Court had taken care of that. Mr. Bottum was disappointed, and after his star witness had made a fool of herself, it had to sting. Captain Schuettler took the stand; good-bye, old man. Good-bye to freedom. A tear glistened on Pat’s cheek. Dan’s belly filled with unshed tears until he thought he’d be sick. The State Penitentiary hadn’t wiped his mind of memories, only tucked them away in a far corner. Released, they ran free, like a fire raging out of control.
The Coughlin children were in court for the day, a strong contrast to Mrs. Foy’s dark ire. Another Christmas without his babies. Andy Foy’s children poisoned against their father. John Devoy would stop at nothing to win.
“Swear on the heads of your children, born and unborn; vow to keep my secrets,” Cronin had said.
“You swear on your immortal soul that you’ve already forgotten I was ever here,” Dan had replied. Cronin offered his hand to seal the bargain. “No, no handshake. I won’t touch that filthy hand.”
“I’ve been hounded and persecuted my entire life,” Cronin had said. “You won’t chase me away from here, Coughlin, not like they chased me out of Canada and St. Louis.”
“I won’t, but others will.”  Dan had put a steadying arm around the strange woman’s waist, to guide her back to the buggy. “If I ever see you again, I don’t know you.”
All for a detective’s star and the prestige of the position. A crime committed for a higher salary and a pension, the possibility of promotion to the detective’s division downtown. The years he’d languished in Joliet was his penance. He had atoned for his sin. Atoned, but still the words from his first trial hung around his ears like a thick fog, words repeated by the same people. Patience, then, until Mr. Donahoe called the defense witnesses and brought some new words into the courtroom. Mr. Benson smiled at Annie, who smiled back, while Michael ducked his head until it rested on Maggie’s shoulder.
John Beggs wrapped Dan in the Supreme Court decision and Mr. Tom O’Connor of Camp No. 20, friend of Cronin, was made mute. The piece of flooring marred by footprints was introduced. A child’s footprints. The calendar changed from 1893 to 1894. The man who murdered Mayor Harrison, a few cells down from Dan, was found guilty. From the first, Dan stayed clear of Prendergast in the bullpen. Would they hang a madman? Would they be equally merciless to an innocent man and confine him behind bars for the rest of his life?
The day before George Painter’s hanging, the jail keeper moved Dan from Murderer’s Row to the boy’s section. He debated telling George how lucky he was, compared to a life sentence. In the end, he said nothing. George had done all the talking in the cell. The less a man knew, sometimes, the better for his mind at the end, the peace. An Irishman named Duffy became Dan’s cellmate. Duffy was behind Dan one hundred percent. Martin Burke took up residence.
* * *
Frank Bardeen entered the court room through the judge’s chambers. Dan fixed his blue eyes on him. New perjury. He once lived next to the East Chicago Avenue police station and could pick out Dan Coughlin by sight. He saw the same man in Edgewater on the night of May 4, on the express wagon with the trunk, at two in the morning. North of Lakeview, approaching Evanston. An engineer at the electric works.
“Was the moon shining?” Mr. Wing asked. Yes. “Are you sure you saw the moon? Where was it?”
“It was low down, near the horizon in the northwest,” Frank Bardeen said.
“Just look at this calendar and see if it doesn’t say the moon set the night of May 4 at 11:38 o’clock.” Mr. Wing paused. “Either the calendar is wrong or you were not there May 4.”
Mr. Bardeen said he recognized Dan Coughlin on the night of May 4. How was it that, a few days ago, he failed to recognize the fireman who worked there in 1889? Bardeen didn’t recognize the fireman. The fireman didn’t remember seeing Bardeen at the works on the night of May 4. “Am I wearing the same coat that I wore at our meeting last Friday?” Mr. Wing asked. “Is it the same? Is it? Is it?”
* * *
In the first trial, it was said that a transcript was made of the interrogation that took place between Dan Coughlin and the Chief of Police in the Chief’s office in May of 1889, but where was it? Mr. Longenecker admitted that he’d never seen the transcript. Mr. Rend, who was present during the interview, had never seen a copy of it. A stenographer transcribed the interview and gave it to Mayor Cregier. No transcript was introduced as evidence in 1889, and no transcript could now be found. Did one even exist? One juror frowned. Was the State hiding something? Was the former Chief of Police committing perjury for the sake of obtaining a conviction on a crime he was unable to solve?
In came John Beggs to drape his spectral arm across Dan’s shoulders. Watch this, he said, watch Mr. Wing spring his surprise, the minute the State rests and the jury leaves the room.
As predicted, Mr. Wing rose to speak. “And there was published on the 16th day of January, 1894, an article purporting to have come from an officer of this court, who is engaged as counsel for the prosecution.” 
All eyes turned to Kickham Scanlan, whose gaze was fixed on the pen that he rolled under his fingers. Mr. Wing rattled the newsprint and commenced to read aloud. “The conspirators had been planning for months to secure a jury pledged to an acquittal. I charge certain ex-County Commissioners with having been parties to this scheme, I say, and I speak advisedly, that others high in rank were cognizant of this plan. The question today is whether all of the eight members of this jury drawn from the box are honest and indifferent.” Mr. Wing cast a meaningful glance at the jurors. “I say that the cause of the people is in grave peril because of this uncertainty.
“If Daniel Coughlin is not convicted it means that money and a peculiar influence, such as are behind him, can prevent in any case, no matter how grave or atrocious the offense, substantial justice. Signed, Kickham Scanlan.”
Maggie gasped while Dennis glared daggers at the stork- like prosecutor. Judge Tuthill let Mr. Wing and Mr. Bottum spar for a moment and then he said, “This action in publishing that letter, if he did publish it, is simply unprofessional and outrageous. You are an officer trying this case before a jury of your own selection. You selected this jury, and for you to say that there is upon this venire, that there are jurors who have been bribed to render a corrupt verdict is an outrage.” Outrageous enough to make the Supreme Court send the case back for a third trial.
“It’s going that bad for him?” Dan asked Mr. Donahoe.
“So it would seem,” Donahoe said. “I’m going to tell your wife and your father, however, that it means nothing.”
It means everything, said John Beggs.



FORTY-SEVEN


DAN


A third trial. Dan couldn’t go through it again. Daily existence in the County Jail was like a heavy coat that he wanted to remove, only to find it sewn to his skin. Sick of confinement, sick from a lack of fresh air and sunshine and the touch of Maggie’s hand on his cheek, Dan realized that he wouldn’t make it through another trial.
The German washerwoman, the one Pat said was a drunk, returned to the stand to claim that she had seen Daniel Coughlin enter the Carlson’s cottage. She then heard Cronin’s dying cries. Two justices of the peace and an alderman testified that she was a bad character. Who else? None other than Captain Herman Schuettler, who wouldn’t believe the woman under oath. Lakeview’s Justice of the Peace wouldn’t believe her testimony unless it was corroborated by good witnesses. The alderman had nothing good to say about the woman, a nuisance in the neighborhood and quarrelsome. He wouldn’t believe her either. She was drunk on the day in question anyway.
“How tall are you, Dan?” Mr. Wing asked.
“Six feet and one half inch,” he said.
Back to back with Frank Hyland again, the ghost of Pat O’Sullivan between them. Remarkable, the resemblance between Dan and Frank. Two inches different in height, but in their faces it was easy to see where a mistake could be made. Easy to see by those who wanted to see. No fault of Mr. Forrest that he was unable to rip off the blinders.
Michael Whalen looked well for himself. He told the same story about being at the station, the same times, the same people. Mr. Bottum insinuated that Whalen was let go for gross negligence and reinstated under a political deal. Asking a lot of the jury, to believe that every policeman who testified on Dan’s behalf was grossly negligent. Former colleagues took the stand, answered the questions, put Dan in front of the station house where he’d said along he had been. The knives made another appearance. Maggie couldn’t hold back her tears. Dan watched Barney Flynn go through his shell game but the lies didn’t bother him this time. The knives were common, easy to replace. Dan had Martin’s bag of chewing tobacco in his pocket, a relic both unique and irreplaceable. He held it, squeezed it. Martin patted him on the back.
* * *
February opened with sharp cold, both Dan and the bailiff walking double time to get out of the wind. In the over-heated court room, Mr. Wing was gentle with Inspector Schaack, who didn’t remember seeing Dan at the station on May 4. It did not mean, the former Captain said, that Mr. Coughlin wasn’t there. As for Mrs. Conklin, she was mistaken to say that she’d seen the white horse and rig but once, because Schaack had brought it to her and she failed to identify it. He couldn’t help but cast a glance at Dan as he testified to the facts. Half a smile broke out; he must have caught Maggie’s eye. Maggie had reason to smile.
Out of the judge’s chambers came one of Maggie’s many lady friends. “Now, detail the circumstances under which you saw these knives,” Mr. Donahoe said to her.
Attractive and demure, Mrs. Norton recalled a visit made by Mr. and Mrs. Coughlin on April 21, 1889 to her home. “He had a little brown knife in his hand and the children quarreled about the knife. His little girl took the knife and was playing with it,” Annie sat up straighter and said something to Maggie, “and to settle the dispute he put his hand in his pocket and took out another knife with a key ring and some keys on it, and gave it to the children to play with.”
How did she recall the day? Her baby and Mrs. Coughlin’s baby were about the same age, only two days apart, in April. Celebrating children’s birthdays. Mr. Benson was smiling at Annie again. Dan thought Annie was born in June. Maybe he was thinking of another Annie. His mother? His sister?
John Kunze provided the comic element when he took the stand, to explain his connection to Coughlin through the Shufeldt Distillery case. Gave Schuettler a good pounding. “Schuettler told me I would have to swear I drove Coughlin to the Carlson cottage. If I said that, I would be free, but if I didn’t, I would be hung. When I told him I wouldn’t do it he threw me down and called me a vile name.” 
Arrested, tried, convicted, appealed, case dismissed. The jury listened with rapt attention to a wronged man. Juror Weinberger grinned. Pat O’Sullivan, who never much liked Kunze, took his leave but Martin Burke called him back. Not finished yet.
Not long after Dan returned to the jail at the end of the day’s session, he watched a gaggle of do-gooders on an inspection tour pause at his cell and complain about a murder suspect being incarcerated in the same section as the boys, as if he and Duffy were corrupting vulnerable youth. The keeper moved him back to Murderer’s Row, where the suffocating stench was unbearable. Every night, several times each night, Dan woke up with a feeling that he was choking, unable to draw a breath. Pat O’Sullivan watched him gasping, with those dark eyes of his.
* * *
The years had not been kind to Andy Foy. He looked older, weary, tired of being married to the bag of misery that was his wife. Put through a humiliation by the woman, he had to stand before the public and air the family’s dirty laundry.
“Didn’t you go to the grocery store and stop your wife’s supplies?” Mr. Bottum asked.
“No sir, no, sir,” Andy said.
“Have you given your wife one single cent of money since she testified in this case?” Bottum asked.
“No, sir.” Not unusual for a man to rein in a wife in that way. It got a woman’s attention.
Everything Mrs. Foy said before was flatly denied by Andy. Poor Maggie. Her nerves were going. Cried almost every day, and got Annie stirred up until she was weeping.
The trial was proving too much for Mr. Wing, who fell ill one afternoon. Mr. Donahoe asked for a recess to give the lawyer a chance to recover. He sweetened the deal by suggesting that the defense also had to confer because they believed they could shorten the trial, not have to call so many witnesses as first anticipated. The court room was empty but for the bailiffs and the cluster of people near the defense table. Dan took Maggie’s hand and she squeezed his, as if to let go was to sink beneath the surface.
“We have to balance a presentation of evidence with the limits of the jury’s interest,” Mr. Donahoe said. “Nothing of Camp No. 20 has been allowed and we can exclude the alibi witnesses for that evidence.”
Mr. David tapped a pencil on the table. “To date, I believe we’ve established the alibi and discredited Mrs. Foy.”
“She discredited herself,” Maggie said.
“Anyone related to Martin Burke’s alibi can be cut,” Donahoe said. “That whole line is irrelevant.”
“There are a few more who will come in to refute the German washerwoman as wholly unreliable,” David said. “I want your cousin to testify as to your whereabouts after ten o’clock to rebut Bardeen. She’s a very presentable young lady and Bottum will draw back his fangs rather than risk annoying the gentlemen of the jury.”
Annie spun in circles between the bailiffs who guarded the door, while Michael climbed over the chairs as if he were scaling a mountain. “I wish I’d told her to speak the first time,” Maggie said. More tears. She held Dan’s hand that much tighter. Men went to the saloons to talk politics. Women went to each other’s houses to talk fashion and children and cooking and all the things that a man didn’t want to hear at the end of a long day. It kept a marriage on a strong footing.
“To throw confusion at the jury at the last minute, we’ll call the veterinarian who was at the Windsor Theatre that night,” Donahoe said. “A man who knows animals from snout to tail should be credible when he says he saw the horse and it wasn’t the one featured at the dime museum.”
“Major Sampson is not to be found,” David said. “Unless they spring him on us at the last minute, which I doubt, we can eliminate the rebuttal evidence from his police records. That could be a morning of questioning right there. The jury will be glad of it. We’ve been at this for four months and if we go much longer, they’ll blame us for the delay.”
“We don’t want them going into deliberations in a fatigued state, eager to be finished,” Donahoe said.
“What about Tom?” Dan asked. Forgotten once before, he would not let them forget to call his brother. The single link that tied Dan to a conspiracy was the rig. Refuting his direct involvement was all important.
“Our strongest closing witness,” Donahoe said. “To show that you did nothing more than a good turn to a stranger from your home town.”
“Should my son not take the stand?” Dennis asked.
“No,” David and Donahoe said in unison.
“I can tell my side of it,” Dan said. “Tie this in to the Shufeldt Distillery bombing, the robber barons who got off thanks to Longenecker.”
“You have absolutely nothing to add in your defense, Mr. Coughlin,” Donahoe said.
“Kern isn’t much of an interrogator and he hasn’t gotten any more practice with this case,” Mr. David said. “Scanlan and Bottum are dangerous. Considering the state you’re in, the stress and fatigue, they’d talk circles around you in five minutes. Ten minutes and you’d be hard-pressed to state with any certainty that your name is Coughlin.”
Before Dan could embrace his wife, the bailiffs moved forward and took him away. He spent the night in the airless cell, Mr. Duffy snoring and the ghosts pacing with so much noise that Dan didn’t sleep a wink. The Anarchists came to call, cloaked in the shrouds they’d worn to the gallows. The cell was crowded enough as it was. They took up all the space and left Dan without enough room to expand his chest.
They walked at his side from the County Jail to the court house, took seats where they pleased and listened as Tom Coughlin explained how a stranger had gotten one of his business cards and a note of introduction to Daniel Coughlin. He verified the description of the mysterious Mr. Smith who approached Dan in Chicago about renting the rig. No one in Hancock knew the man, but a small town opened its arms to everyone and the man’s purposes were never questioned. Mr. Bottum could not prove otherwise. The defense rested.
The damage done to Frank Bardeen’s testimony was beyond repair. The bright searchlight that allowed him to see the defendant so clearly might have been removed by the end of April, days before the infamous night of May 4. How much of a searchlight it was, if it was indeed there, became a subject of debate, with witnesses describing a small tin reflector attached to an oil lamp while a prosecution witness said it was a big reflector from a locomotive head lamp. The State’s rebuttal witness to counter Michael Whalen’s testimony made a complete fool of himself when he stated with certainty that he’d been introduced to Daniel Coughlin on Clark Street, at a time when Mr. Coughlin was in a cell at the Harrison Street station.
Dan couldn’t believe that Mr. Kern failed to verify such an obvious and simple fact before putting the gentleman on the witness stand. The State’s Attorney’s lack of oversight beggared belief, as if he was only going through the motions. Dan cradled Martin Burke’s old tobacco pouch in his hand, half filled with leaves that were dry and old. Almost there, Martin said. A fitful night’s sleep followed.
* * *
A visit from Maggie and Dennis brought no relief. There was no certainty that what they saw and heard in the court had been seen and heard in the same way by the jury. Dennis was confident that the jury’s trip out to see the Edgewater electric plant, the Carlson cottage, and the Conklin flat would solidify the defense case in their minds. Once they determined for themselves if a horse and buggy could be viewed from the window as Mrs. Conklin said, they’d have no doubts about the woman’s mad quest for vengeance. Mr. Forrest hadn’t thought to do that. Dan couldn’t blame him. He had enough on his hands at the time, trying to argue a case with a gang of lawyers who were operating at cross purposes.
Mr. Scanlan delivered a closing argument that so strongly resembled that of the previous trial that the ghosts were stirred up into displays of anger. Injustice, John Beggs said, repeated the word in Dan’s head so often that Dan wished he could rip his brain from his skull. Paid perjury in England but never expected to find it in America, said Martin. Perjury. Perjury. Pat growled at Scanlan when he spoke of Mrs. Foy and her unimpeachable testimony, of the German washerwoman who put the conspirators in one place at the fateful time. The jury listened with rapt attention, following Scanlan’s prancing and gesticulating as he made the State’s case. Mr. Donahoe threw out one objection after another, taking exception to Scanlan’s lambasting of Inspector Schaack for not verifying Mrs. Conklin’s claims about the horse. Daniel Coughlin led the conspiracy, falsely claimed that Cronin was a spy; the song was unchanged though sung by a different voice.
On Tuesday, Mr. Donahoe stood before the jury and pleaded for Dan’s life. “The prosecution’s case rests today, as it has ever rested, upon the dishonest and criminal practice of the private counsel, the scheme of the bigot, and the testimony of the perjurer.” the attorney said.
From behind he could hear Annie and Michael whispering to each other, while Maggie gave out with a “Èist.” The paper wrapping on a peppermint drop crinkled and the faint aroma of the confection drifted forward.
As to Frank Bardeen of the Edgewater power station, how was it that he lived through the intense excitement of the previous trial yet never came forward with his story? Didn’t even tell his wife, Mr. Donahoe noted. Bit by bit, he tore down Scanlan’s case. This time around, the jury did not have to be called on a lack of attentiveness. They listened as carefully to the attorney for the defense as they had heeded the speech of the prosecutor’s hireling.
It took another day for Mr. Donahoe to make a mockery of the State’s evidence and witnesses. The cause of death? Not even learned doctors could determine that. The scene of the murder? No one could prove that the blood in the cottage was Dr. Cronin’s blood. Paid perjury, Martin said, and Mr. Donahoe brought up Mrs. Foy and the gifts from Mrs. Conklin. What else had the State done? They’d broken up a man’s home by putting policemen there. Andrew Foy had been providing for his family until the friends of Dr. Cronin drove him out. Jurors Weinberger and Benson nodded in agreement.
The day’s session ended, with Dan more unsure of the outcome than ever. Two bailiffs took the lead while two trailed behind as they escorted him from the courtroom. Just outside the door, a small crowd congregated to watch the parade pass by. Even with four men to guard him, Dan feared that one of his enemies would get the drop on him.
“That’s a good neck to be hanged by.” A man’s voice rang out. Dan’s heart pounded in his chest, his fists clenched, ready to fight.
Bailiff Carlin was close enough to reach the offender’s head with one hard swing, a roundhouse punch that put the bastard down to the floor. From all sides, boots and shoes rained down, a pummeling that the bailiffs ignored as they steered Dan clear of the melee. “Wait’ll Tuthill hears about this,” Carlin said, shaking out the ache in his hand. “He’ll have that pile of shit in the lock-up so fast his head’ll be spinning.”
The stranger flew past them, blood streaming from his nose and a cut above his eye. Hot on his heels were a few burly Irish laborers, not yet finished with making their point. “I’ll be acquitted,” Dan said. “I’ll bet you a bottle of the finest wine in Potter Palmer’s cellar that I’ll be found not guilty.”
The bailiffs laughed, taking Dan’s confidence as a touch of humor following a cruel jibe. He had to say it. He had to take away the vision of the noose, the sound of the trap door hinge, the funny feeling in his legs as if he were suspended in mid-air for a split second. Better than life behind bars, but he was afraid just the same.
* * *
The Coughlins were together in the visitor’s cage on Washington’s Birthday, almost a picnic with the basket of delicacies that Maggie brought along. Cold meat, fresh bread and pies, oranges, and the little ones chattering about Mrs. Macey’s two daughters who were giving them lessons to practice their skills so they could become teachers after they’d finished school.
“If I’m sent down again,” Dan said.
“This isn’t the time or place, son,” Dennis said.
“Mr. Donahoe plans to increase the emotion of his speech for tomorrow,” Maggie said. “He thinks the jurors are favorably inclined to a family man.”
“After hearing about the Foy clan, they’d find it a pleasure to return a husband to a loving home and a loving family,” Dennis said.
The ghosts left Dan alone that night. He slept like a baby.



FORTY-EIGHT


ALECK


Considering the nightmare that was the trial of Mayor Harrison’s assassin, Fred Trude was remarkably buoyant when he dropped into the law office. The circus atmosphere of the first Cronin murder trial had been taken over by Mr. Prendergast, with Fred in the role of the private legal counsel for the prosecution. All to the good for Coughlin, of course, but Aleck had gotten wind of an attempt by Mr. Kern to up-end what was fast becoming a debacle for his side. He hated to load his friend down with trouble, but Coughlin’s trial was their unquestioned priority.
“Absolutely moved them all to tears,” Trude said. That afternoon, he found a spot in the hallway outside Tuthill’s courtroom and heard it all. “Twelve jurors with tears streaming down their cheeks. Mrs. Coughlin like a Madonna, weeping. Even Coughlin had to wipe his eyes.”
“I’ve been told he threatened the jurors with guilt everlasting if they dared vote to convict and then learn later that the man was innocent,” Aleck said. He had several sources of information.
“Give back, oh, give back the husband and father,” Trude said, in imitation of Donahoe’s performance. “Although the bailiff told me that the jury could not see Mrs. Coughlin because of a pillar impinging on their view. They heard her, though.”
“It may all be for naught,” Aleck said.
Stunned, Fred slumped into a chair, his jaw slack. He spluttered out a single word, “What?”, before he lost his tongue.
With the jury appearing to favor Coughlin, Mr. Kern had taken heed of a ridiculous rumor that was in reality an incident of extortion. The most popular version of events had the silly young woman caught mashing a newly married juror in league with Bailiff Newland to bribe Juror Weinberger. Aleck had it on good authority that the lady who was sending money to Weinberger had gone straight to Judge Tuthill when a man threatened to expose her for jury rigging if she did not pay him off.
“Scanlan was glad enough to seat him when he heard that the gentleman was all in favor of hanging the Cronin defendants when the first arrests were made,” Aleck said. “He may have since discovered that Mr. Weinberger’s sentiments were expressed before his friend John Kunze was arrested. Those cutting remarks the latter gentleman made about Captain Schuettler? They will be in the jury room when deliberations begin, on the center of the table like an elaborate candelabra, shedding a blinding light.”
“So he’s seeking a way out of the predicament he created,” Trude said. “What’s to be done?”
“It’s nothing more than a juror needing funds while he is unable to earn a living.” Aleck perused the type-written report that had been passed along to him in confidence. “A Mrs. Blaisdell is implicated, along with Bailiff Newland. There’s a sham clairvoyant in the mix to make it all the more silly. The one connection that can be made is through Newland’s wife who knows both of the women.”
“When did Tuthill become aware of it?”
“He opens all the mail sent to the jurors, and he noticed that a woman not Weinberger’s wife sent him fifty dollars.”
“Rather a small amount for a bribe,” Trude said.
“Which is why Tuthill passed it along. These men have families to support, after all, and it’s common practice for jurors to seek financial assistance from friends. I want you to contact the judge and let him know that there is absolutely nothing in it that would warrant a stoppage of the trial.”
“Of course. The trial must be allowed to continue.”
“The money sent by the woman was given her by a gentleman with a business next to the North Side car barn. He knows Weinberger in that capacity and was helping the man out.”
“What of Mrs. Weinberger?”
“Once this hits the papers she’ll be howling, you can be sure. Mrs. Blaisdell works for the man who loaned Weinberger the money.” “I suppose I could suggest that Tuthill find something else for Bailiff Newland to do, just to show that he’s on top of things,” Fred said. “In fact, I believe Mr. Newland has earned some punishment. Preposterous, and to think that his stupidity could have wrecked this entire case.”
“Drop a hint or two, won’t you?” Aleck suggested. “Perhaps imply that Mr. Newland was asking after a financial reward for himself to fix the jury.”
“Excellent idea. Get him completely out of the County Building and as far from Kickham Scanlan as is humanly possible.” 
With Mr.  Scanlan’s scathing editorial providing a solid ground for an appeal, should it be necessary, Aleck also understood that Coughlin was cracking under the strain. There were reports that he talked to himself or that he was talking in his sleep. He slept but little, pacing the cell in two strides before turning, all while toying with a bag of chewing tobacco that no one had seen him chew since he’d returned to Chicago. To put the man through the ordeal of another trial, of another year or more in the County Jail; it was only a matter of time before Coughlin was as deranged as Mayor Harrison’s killer. Then he might be made to chatter like an insane magpie.



FORTY-NINE


DAN


In contrast to Mr. Donahoe’s tug of the heartstrings, Mr. Wing ripped out the still beating hearts of Mrs. Conklin and Mr. Frank Scanlan. Little wonder that Judge Tuthill corrected his over- exuberance. Rose to his feet, did Judge Tuthill, and said, “Mr. Wing, be silent.” Where had the ghosts gone to? They were missing an amazing demonstration of personal animosity that had Mr. Bottum bleeding out from one hundred cuts.
The new bailiff uncrossed his legs and then leaned to the other side, as if he wanted to give the jury a better view of Mrs. Coughlin. He’d been assigned to protect Dan the day before, replacing Mr. Newland who had been moved from minding the jury to minding the defendant before disappearing, all within a matter of six days. A candy wrapper crinkled, the smell of peppermint blossomed. The bailiff leaned forward slightly and Dan guessed that Annie was generously sharing one of her precious peppermint drops.
The month of March opened with wintery weather. Dan had lost almost five years of his life. Five years of his children’s lives. Five years of newborn children. Mr. Bottum gave his address to the jury and the jury listened politely, but it was not moving. He did not seem to have faith in his own evidence, so weakly did he close out the case. For three days he carried on about the medical experts, the honesty of Captain Schuettler, the innocence of a piece of carpet given to a poor mistreated wretch. He painted Lizzie Foy as a saint. There wasn’t enough paint in the entire city of Chicago to alter the image she’d created on the stand.
* * *
“You won’t be coming back here tonight, no sir, Mr. Coughlin,” John Lewis said as he crisply brushed Dan’s topcoat. “Today you gonna be a free man.”
“Maybe I should rub your nappy head for good luck,” Dan said.
John chuckled and shook his close-cropped hair under Dan’s nose. “Don’t need no luck. The truth shall set you free.” 
“It didn’t the last time.”
“The truth was all boxed up last time, with eleven men sitting on the lid.” John helped Dan into his coat and lifted the collar, to settle the fabric across the slight hunch that still remained. “I’ll be waiting to say good-bye to you tonight. I don’t expect to be waiting too long.”
“The jury in the Anarchist trial only needed twenty minutes,” Dan said. Damn Pat O’Sullivan for reminding him, just when Dan was shedding memories.
“Those days are over. Folks learn from their mistakes, sooner or later. Here comes the bailiffs for you now. You look real smart this morning. Looking fine.”
With every step, Dan wondered if this was the last time he’d walk along Dearborn in the company of guards who were there to keep him from running away. There was talk of building a gallows in the County Jail so that Mayor Harrison’s murderer could be hanged without delay. Once built, it could be put to use again for the convenience and economy of Cook County. Right next to the great unknown that was death stood the great unknown that was the future. What would happen in two hours? In four? In twelve? Dan fixed his old grin on his face, wore a mask of confidence into the courtroom where Maggie was already seated with the children.
The clock in the courtroom struck ten. Judge Tuthill cleared his throat and reminded the jurors of their oath.  “The defendant, Daniel Coughlin, is charged in this indictment upon which he is here upon his trial with having conspired with Martin Burke, John F. Beggs, Patrick O’Sullivan, Patrick Cooney, John Kunze, and other persons who are unknown, to murder Patrick Henry Cronin.”
The very mention of her husband’s name drew out Maggie’s tears. As each man was named, his ghost stretched out until he reached the ceiling, until every square inch of empty space in the packed court room was filled with them. We’re here, they said, we’re here. But where is John Kunze? Over there watching because his case had no merit. Where is Cooney the Fox? He disappeared and hasn’t been seen since 1889.  Where are the persons unknown? The Pinkertons for all their efforts, Captain Schuettler for all his treachery, they never did find anyone else.
“But the court instructs you that under the charge of conspiracy against the defendant Coughlin it must be proven beyond every reasonable doubt that he combined with one or more persons,” Tuthill said, “and with the common design to murder the deceased, before you will be justified in believing that the conspiracy existed.”
Ten fifty-two. The bailiffs herded the jurors out. Mr. Benson stole a glance at Maggie. Mr. Lusk strode with eyes front. Mr. Weinberger caught Dan’s eye and then looked away. Olson and Bruce were smiling. Conlon frowned, as if he was already debating the evidence with himself. There was no reading a jury. Dan knew that. No point in false hope. They were not a unified group by any means. Twenty-four hours, then, for the deliberations to arrive at a unanimous verdict. Perhaps thirty.
“I’ll bring Mrs. Coughlin and Mrs. Macey to my office, and have her send the children home with Mrs. Macey’s daughters,” Donahoe said.
“Keep Maggie out when the verdict’s read,” Dan said. “Unless there’s no stopping her,” Wing said. “As long as she promises not to make a scene if things go badly. She will want to be here with you, as she has been since the beginning.”
The voices of the past grew louder, until Dan’s head throbbed. He pressed his fingers against his temples but there was no squeezing them out.
“I’ll have a light lunch sent around to you,” Mr. David said. “Something to keep up your strength. Walk until your legs are tired if the keepers will allow you access to the bullpen. Read the newspapers. Do your best not to dwell on the jury’s mindset.”
The meal arrived but Dan’s stomach was unruly, unwilling. He took a turn around the bullpen, then another. He smoked a cigar with the keeper. Martin’s tobacco pouch was soft and warm, the shape malleable as Dan’s fingers climbed up and down the fabric, kneading the dried leaves so that they crinkled in his trouser pocket. An hour had gone by. It felt like five hours.
“Mr. Coughlin, I just heard the news boys are up on the roof of the Opera House, spying on the jury room with field glasses,” John Lewis reported.
“Can they see anything?” Dan asked. Don’t try to read the jury. Don’t try to read the images third hand, passed through the filter of a writer who thought Dan was guilty five years ago.
“Mr. Bruce is smoking a cigar, walking back and forth,” John said. “Weinberger’s sitting in the window, shaking his head no.”
“Not like the Anarchists’ trial,” Dan said.
Another circuit of the bullpen. Idle chatter with the other inmates. Dan returned to his cell when recreation time was over, to sit with Duffy and read the morning papers. They discussed politics, if anything in the city would change with Hopkins in the mayor’s seat. John Lewis came by to report that two jurors had been seen almost coming to blows. Had to be separated, he said. “Then they realized they was being watched and Mr. Larson pulled them all away from the window,” John said.
“What time is it?” Dan asked.
“Going on half past three,” John said. “Get yourself a drink of water.”
The bailiff appeared in front of Dan’s cell forty-five minutes later. The keeper opened the door and Dan almost ran out, to fly down Dearborn and put an end to the torture of waiting. Upon arriving in the court, Dan found that his seat was taken by a spectator, who was rudely shoved aside by a burly bailiff. The place was more packed than ever. If Maggie was there, Dan would never spot her in the crowd. His father was backed up against the far wall, surrounded by supporters whose faces were uniformly grim.
The jurors filed in. Dan took in the expression of twelve faces, but saw nothing. He sat back in his seat; he put his hands on his knees to brace himself. “Where’s Mr. Wing and Mr. Donahoe?”
“On their way from their offices,” Mr. David said. He fidgeted with some papers on the table. “Mr. Scanlan took the one o’clock train for New Orleans.”
“He expected that long of a wait?” 
“Expects a long humiliation.”
Sweat beaded on Dan’s face. Rivulets of sweat formed and coalesced into a stream that ran down his back. His armpits were clammy, his shirt bunching and sticking to his skin. He was suffocating in the room, not enough air for too many people. Too many people, too much noise. The judge came in and the clamor grew.
“Will your Honor wait for the defendant’s attorneys?” Mr. David asked. He was not heard above the general din.
“Have you agreed upon your verdict, gentleman?” Tuthill asked.
“We have.” Mr. Lusk replied, the one man who Dan was sure would ride a guilty verdict roughshod over his colleagues until they yielded.
The blue sheet of paper, folded in half, was passed from Juror Holsman to Clerk Melvin. Just over the clerk’s shoulder, the ghosts took their leave. Are you going to prepare a place for me in heaven, Dan asked, but they didn’t hear him. The pounding of his heart filled up his ears, blocked all other sound. The clerk unfolded the page and his face lit up like a theatre marquee. Mr. David, with a broad smile on his face, put his hand on Dan’s shoulder. The verdict was delivered, Melvin’s lips moved but Dan heard nothing. Absolute silence descended on the court, the silence of a cell in solitary confinement.
A thunderous roar exploded like cannon fire. Bailiffs reached out to Dan to clasp his hand and offer congratulations. Pandemonium, with men climbing over chairs to reach the defense table. Cheers went up, while Judge Tuthill banged his gavel and ordered the bailiffs to arrest everyone in the room. Bang, bang, bang, bang; Dan took Mr. David’s hand but he could not grasp what was happening. He remained seated until the judge told the jury they were dismissed.
From juror to juror, Dan walked the length of the box to offer a handshake and his deepest gratitude. Out of the crowd came John Kunze, who vaulted into the jury box and clapped his pal Weinberger on the back. “Weinberger’s a good boy,” Kunze said to a reporter. “I knew him long before he was on this jury.”
“That’s what you did,” said Weinberger.
Dan found Mr. Donahoe at the end of the jury box after he’d thanked all twelve who had unanimously agreed he was not guilty. If Donahoe was there, it meant Maggie was there. A scan of the room failed to reveal the pretty little thing in her sweet little bonnet with the ridiculous dead bluebird, wings spread in flight, perched on the brim. She had stayed away, then, too distraught to risk collapse in case of bad news. Dan shook his head, sorry that he had inflicted so much pain on one whose only mistake was to love him. His father pushed his way forward.
He was a free man. Free, and Dan wanted out. He turned towards the judge’s chamber where he would thank Mr. Tuthill, when one of the bailiffs grabbed his shoulder. “Hold on a minute, Dan, here’s your wife.”
“Maggie,” he shouted as he spun around. The sea of faces parted and at last he saw her, sobbing for joy.
“Thank God,” she said, her voice weak. Dan wrapped his arms around her and kissed her, lifted her up off her feet, spun her in a half circle and kissed her again with passion. He wept as he held her, smelled her, tasted her lips. He would not let go of her, his arm firmly around her waist, as the jurors came up to offer their congratulations to a woman who had remained steadfast.
“I want to thank Mr. Benson,” she spluttered through the tears.
“Three cheers for Dan Coughlin,” someone shouted from the front of the room. The boom of hundreds of men cheering almost lifted the roof.
“Now one for Mrs. Coughlin,” came a reply from the back corner. A call for three cheers for the judge brought another threat to have them all arrested.
“We must say good-bye to Mr. Tuthill,” Dan said. His hand was attached to her, his arm a part of her back, the curve of her waist molded perfectly to fit the curve of his fingers. It was a dream, it was real, she smelled of lavender and verbena, arousing and intoxicating. The bailiff shoved and pushed until a passageway was cleared. Mrs. Macey worked her way into the safety of the bailiff’s presence, her hat askew.
From the judge’s chambers they ducked across the hall and hid in the boiler room until the crowd passed on, in search of the man of the hour. Dan took Maggie’s left hand, tucked it into his elbow, and covered it with his own large hand. “One last time to the jail,” Dan said. With Mrs. Macey on Maggie’s right, he walked north, only to stop and bring his party into the nearest tobacco shop. Maggie slipped the money into his palm, he put it in his pocket, and then he made the first purchase he’d transacted in freedom for almost five years.
“Boys, have a smoke on me,” he declared when he entered Jailer Morris’s office. The box was unwrapped, the cigars passed around, and Dan’s mouth would not stop running. He talked and talked, he smiled, he joked, he was out of his mind with happiness as he’d never known.
“Here’s my mascot,” he announced when he saw John Lewis stick his head in the door. “Yes, sir, Lewis was the most confident friend I had, I expect.”
The tension that had sprung was winding down. The reporters wanted quotes, they wanted something to print in the evening extras. Dan gave it to them. “I wish the Judges of the Criminal Court and the jurors who try cases in that court could spend six months in the Joliet penitentiary,” he said. “They’d be more careful about sending men there.”
“What about the evidence?”
“I have only to say that there was none against me that wasn’t perjury.” What he couldn’t say in open court he could say now, without fear of cross-examination. “That man Frank Bardeen told a tissue of falsehoods on the stand. His story was perjury from beginning to end.”
“Dan, what will you do now?”
He couldn’t very well go back to the police force. “I don’t know just now what I’ll do in the future. I’m something like a ship at sea without a rudder.”
It pained him to have to let go of Maggie, but he had to return to his cell to collect his clothes and bed linens. With pleasure, she took charge of the bundle of laundry, stroking the fabric as if she were caressing her husband. Mr. Morris rounded up a carriage while Dan touched the discharge paper to verify that it was real.
Across the jail yard that had been the backdrop of many long months, Dan escorted his wife to the alley. “Good-bye, Dan,” rang out from the open windows. Dan paused to wave and shout back, “Good- bye, boys.”
He handed Maggie up, then Mrs. Macey and finally his father before he climbed in and told the driver to take them to the Northwestern Depot. His first night of freedom would be passed in the Macey home, a safe distance from prying eyes and vindictive threats.
“Six to six, the first vote,” Dennis said. He’d hung back when the reporters were quizzing the jury. “First to switch was Conlon, our Irish boy, and that Brooks fellow.”
“I could have sworn he’d be with us,” Mrs. Macey said.
The electric street lights were shockingly bright, illuminating buildings, some new and some old. Cabs and wagons stretched before him, to his side, behind.
“Eight to four. Who was telling the truth, the policemen from the station or the German washerwoman? In comes Larson and Holsman,” said Dennis.
“Six with us straight off?” Maggie asked. “I didn’t think it was more than two.”
The air of freedom smelled of soot and horse piss, lavender and bay rum. Dan held Maggie’s hand, his anchor to a new beginning. What would he do with the rest of his life, now that the rest of his life had been given back?
“Two remaining, determined to hold out for conviction. So who do you believe, they’re asked, Mrs. Foy and that Bardeen lad? That opened up Woodward’s eyes, leaving Lusk still unbending. Cared nothing about the family, about the wife and the children. A heart as cold as stone, that man. Alone, Lusk would have hung the jury and the State would have spent ten thousand dollars for nothing. He gave in.” Dennis sat back, eyes glistening with happy tears he was too proud to shed.
“Such a short time,” Mrs. Macey said. “Not one of them held strong convictions, Mr. Coughlin. Heads filled with doubt, and only being stubborn rather than admit they were wrong.”
“The six asked only to be convinced with solid argument and they’d switch their vote,” Dennis said. “A clear sign that they wanted a leader to show them the way. Afraid of making a mistake and paralyzed by the fear.”
The purchase of a ticket, the purchase of the evening papers, it was all a strange marvel. Dan’s head revolved like the greenest greenhorn, taking in the vaulted ceiling and the echoing of footfalls in the cavernous waiting room of the train station. He was overwhelmed by sensations, unnerved by the abrupt change in his life.
“Mr. Fitzpatrick spoke to me this morning,” Dennis said. “The attorneys were paid $50,000 and he could have raised more if it were necessary.”
“It’s all behind us now,” Maggie said. “We can make a fresh start without debts hanging over our heads.”
His legs felt heavy as he climbed the step of the day coach. He had walked his feet off in the bullpen with a case of nerves. The upholstery on the seat was soft, crushed velvet, and cool against his back. He settled in for the short ride. The next thing he knew, someone was shaking him. He looked out of the window of the train at strange surroundings. “This isn’t Joliet,” he said.
“No, ‘tis Jefferson,” Dennis said.
On the platform with bouquets of hothouse flowers stood Annie and Michael, who burst free of the Macey sisters and ran to their father. Amid cries of “Papa, Papa,” he scooped them up and hugged them, covered them with kisses and assured them that he was almost all better. The walk to the house garnered a few curious stares as Dan laughed and skipped with his children, an overgrown child himself. A small crowd had gathered on the sidewalk in front of the house, friends of the Maceys since no one else had been told where Dan was spending the night.
“Mr. Fitzpatrick, thank you,” Dan said. The elegant Irish gentleman, treasurer of the defense fund, shook his hand with gravity and then tendered two thick envelopes.
“With best wishes from your many friends,” Mr. Fitzpatrick said. “And a small encomium from Mr. and Mrs. Alexander Sullivan.” 
Dennis sent the onlookers packing, ushering his son into the house for a much-needed meal. George Macey was full of questions and observations, as talkative as he had been when he lived next door to the newly married Coughlins on Jay Street in the city. Platters of food on the table, a pitcher of water that was kept full; it was too much to take in all at once. Sitting at a table, to eat like a human being, set Dan’s head to spinning. He attacked the pork chops and the peas, swallowed down buttered potatoes without chewing. His belly filled, a weariness settled into his hands and arms, tugged at his shoulders.
“A gift,” Maggie said. She put a small, paper-wrapped bundle in his hands while Annie and Michael leaned on his legs to see. It was a beautiful pearl-handled knife with four blades and a key chain that held one key. “That opens the front door of the boarding house in Ishpeming.”
“This cost more than ten cents,” Dan said. He admired the blades, the ease of the hinges, the gold-plated embellishments. It had a nice heft in his palm.
The Macey parlor was comfortable enough, but Dan had a sense that he did not belong. He was a stranger to their world, a place where men went to work and came home at the end of the day. Conversing with people who weren’t criminals or jailers or lawyers was awkward, like speaking a foreign language. Even sitting with his children on his lap was odd, a dream made real but still difficult to grasp. All around him was happiness and good cheer, leaving Dan to wonder if he had really been through hell and come back to earth.
* * *
After so many nights of dreaming about Maggie, it was almost impossible to believe that they were alone together. Driven by a long suppressed hunger, Dan pushed her nightdress up to her chin and ran his hands over her body, seeking familiar curves and the sharp angle of her hip bone. Her body had softened with the years, or it might have been faulty recollections. The last time they’d lain together, she had been pregnant and her breasts were firm. The effort of making love exhausted him. Dan pulled her close to his side, to feel her breath on his neck.
“We’ll leave for Michigan tomorrow,” Dan said.
“I’m ready,” Maggie said. She hummed softly in his ear, a lullaby that soothed him.
Not until he was startled awake by silence did Dan realize he’d fallen asleep. He put his feet on the floor and felt, not cold stone, but warm wood. His heart racing, he squinted in the darkness, seeking the familiar outline of iron bars but he saw nothing that he knew. A strange sound came from behind and he swung wildly, to fight off an attack from one of the convicts who must have bribed a keeper to get into his cell.
“Come back to bed,” Maggie whispered. “It’s all right, my love. You’re safe now.”
He found a safe place between her soft thighs, where the dark thoughts were brushed away by gentle groans of pleasure. Calmed by the touch of Maggie’s hair on his chest, he dozed off, but the dreams would not let him be. Before dawn, his eyes shot open; a sound from the street rattled in his skull like the alarm bell that once called him to the quarry. Sweat soaked his nightshirt and he kicked off the blanket, only to shiver in the sudden chill. He clung to Maggie, to hold her as if she were the anchor that kept him moored in his rightful place, far from prison and the hovering presence of Death.



FIFTY


DAN


The send-off at the Northwestern depot was jubilant yet muted, as if everyone were afraid to be seen celebrating with the newspapers reminding the world that Patrick Cronin was still dead and his murderers had not been found. All of Maggie’s many friends came to see her off, along with several of Dan’s long-time political cronies. Mr. Donahoe, Mike Whelan, and John Kunze joined Mr. Weinberger and Mr. Conlon, who were flanked by loyal members of Camp No. 20.
Holding the hands of his children, Dan was so jubilant that he wanted to run and skip along the platform. Through a gauntlet of over two hundred people, he accepted best wishes and pats on the back, pausing from time to time to shake a man’s hand. One of his old political pals was so taken with Annie’s sweet face that he pressed a silver dollar into her little hand and with that, a shower of dollar coins was raining down on the girl.
“I’ll take that seat there,” Dennis said, indicating a spot at the back of the car, on the opposite side of the platform. “I’ve had enough sensation to last me a lifetime. Go on, put on a good face for the reporters. Show them we’re not broken.”
As if he were a popular actor, Dan opened the window and leaned out to wave at his adoring public. He spotted the familiar faces of the reporters who had once followed on his heels, begging for scraps of information about an ongoing investigation. The whores on the street were a better class of people altogether. He’d give them a show, then, a display of bravado from one who had come back from the dead. Dan waved his handkerchief as the train pulled out of the station. Annie, sitting on his lap and ogling the crowd, pulled out her handkerchief and copied her father, a bright smile on her face as if they were playing the grandest game of all.
Into the darkness of northern Illinois and southern Wisconsin, overnight to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, Dan felt a weight slide off his shoulders and fall under the wheels of the train. His son fell asleep in his arms, while Annie curled up at his side. At the station in Ishpeming, it seemed as if half the town had turned out to welcome home Mrs. Coughlin’s hero of a husband.  For the rest of the day, Maggie shooed visitors away from the boarding house door, while Dan sat in the parlor with his cousin Dinny and spoke of old times, of the dance where Dan Coughlin spotted Maggie Hoctor and fell in love.
Brief spurts of activity were all that Dan could manage before he fell back into the malaise that dogged him in the quarry. There were times during the day when he longed for the quiet of solitude but if anyone left him alone in a room he panicked. Like an old man, he sat and watched the children play, watched Maggie dust the window sills and instruct the new housekeeper on the many details to be attended to.
“The new girl knows enough to run the place, doesn’t she?” Dan asked after they’d been in Ishpeming for six days.
“Where will we go?” Maggie asked. “Have you given any thought to what you’ll do?”
The job he’d loved was closed to him. Dan would never again be a police detective in Chicago. “I want to see my people in Hancock,” he said. “I can rest easier there than I can here, with all these strangers who board here.”
“I’m packed and ready to go,” Maggie said. “This isn’t where we belong. We’d have stayed here in the first place, wouldn’t we, if we’d wanted to settle in a small town.”
On St. Patrick’s Day, Dan Coughlin and his family made a triumphant return to Hancock, Michigan. The crowd was so thick that Dan couldn’t get inside his brother’s house for over two hours. He found a little of his old zest for life returning with every strong handclasp that reflected the pride of the Irish people in a man who had sacrificed much for their ancestral homeland.
The next morning, Dan stepped onto Tom’s front porch and looked out over the frozen lake. Hoarfrost hung in the air, the snow- covered scene made rose and pink by the wintery dawn. From the streets behind him he could hear the clanking of the miners as they left the boarding houses and made their way to the copper mines, men who lived entirely in darkness most of the year. With a roar, the ice sheets on Portage Lake shifted, signaling the coming of spring and the rebirth of life. Where was he to go, now that he was reborn?
Friends offered positions at the railroad, the mines, the bank. Dan clambered over the hills of snow and walked to the corner, where he turned to look up the rising road. Within hailing distance were his father and his brothers. Their large broods went to school together and played the same games, in the same places, as the Coughlin children had thirty years before. He lit out looking for a bigger world, and that bigger world had made him pay for his arrogance. Yet he had endured.
Three men unjustly convicted, but only Dan had survived. It had to mean that he was destined for something beyond the confines of Hancock. His life had a purpose, but as he breathed in the icy air he had no idea what that purpose might be. He was a changed man, to be sure, altered by inhuman experiences but wiser because of all he’d been through. For the next six weeks, Dan puzzled over his future, listened to the advice of friends in Chicago and those who’d known him since childhood.
On a morning when the melting snow dripped off the eaves and ran in rivulets, Dan stood on the porch, waiting for Tom so that they could walk together to the livery stable. Drop by drop, a steady rhythm beat on the top step and left a glistening strip of ice behind. As much as Tom chipped away at it every evening, the ice re-formed overnight. One small patch of ice was harmless; it was the merging of all that created a danger. Hadn’t John Devoy been chipping away like that at Michael Davitt?
“Thanks for bringing those horses to the Houghton mine,” Tom said, after warning his brother to watch his step on the wet slick. “Did you get a chance to speak to Ed Ryan about the supervisor’s position at the Quincy mine?”
A letter from Father Dorney had come the week before, describing the remarkable transformation of Eugene MacSwiney from ragged newsboy to Jesuit priest. All because Dan had opened his mouth, a life had been blessed and would bring blessings to countless others. He needed no other sign from God or man. He was not spared in Joliet Penitentiary so that he could weave himself back into the obscurity that was life in Hancock. 
“I’m leaving for Chicago,” Dan said. Never again would he bow down to authority, pinned down by rules and petty regulations. They hadn’t broken him and he wasn’t going to disappear into the woods.



FIFTY-ONE


DAN


Maggie turned in a circle, her hand over her gaping mouth. “Across the street from the County Building?” she asked. “Have you lost your mind?”
Dan could see the Criminal Court Building over his shoulder, with his nightmares embedded in every block of limestone in its walls. Under his feet lay the shadow of the Opera House office block, while before him was the door of 123 Clark Street. Aldermen, court officials, judges and bailiffs walked to and fro, skirting the little family that stood on the sidewalk, waiting for the realty agent to arrive with the key.
“I know that every man says a saloon is as good as a printing press that cranks out money, but Mike McNamara knows what’s worth what in this town,” Dan said. His old pal was the South Town assessor and had been scouting for the right location for months. All he needed was a partner to share in the expenses and then share in the profits. To Dan, it meant more money for the Land League, for Davitt and the Irish rebels who hadn’t given up the fight any more than Dan had.
Annie and Michael pressed their noses to the dirty window. “When I swore to you I’d never touch another drop, I meant it,” Dan said. “This isn’t about the drink. Look around you. The heart of Chicago politics. The debates, the campaigns, this saloon will lift our people up so they can take their rightful place. Put an end to the absolute rule of the Anglo-Saxons.”
“As long as you can make a living,” Maggie said under her breath.
“Earning my own way under my own steam,” Dan said. “Not beholden to a boss, not answering to some eejit who thinks he knows better because he’s German.”
“How much will Andy Foy be drinking when he’s tending the bar?” she asked.
“Not enough to break the truce,” Dan said. “We have to keep herself happy, at least until Kern stops making noise about investigating Andy’s whereabouts on the night of May 4.”
“It’s no coincidence that you’re buying this place today, is it?”
May 4, 1894. Five years after. It was no coincidence. “We can’t open until the fourteenth at least, by the time the license is approved. We’ll need to stock the bar, clean up the place.” Dan wiped Michael’s smudged nose with his handkerchief. “What do you think about it?”
“I think it’s grand.”
Grand. He’d have a base of operations that John Devoy couldn’t miss. Let the man bark about the Cronin murder and Alexander Sullivan until his tongue fell off or his pen dried up. Dan Coughlin was returned to the field of battle, stronger than ever.
* * *
From the powerful alderman to the meekest clerk, the most popular drinking parlor was Coughlin’s. He could be found there during the noon rush and late afternoon surge, holding court into the night. Anyone asking him about the Cronin murder would be shown the door. It was a place to talk politics, to cut deals, to hold political meetings in the large rooms on the second floor. A stint in prison had only reinforced Dan’s commitment to the radical Republicans who wholeheartedly supported the rights of the working man. One of the first meetings held above Coughlin’s saloon saw the name of George Swift brought forward for the upcoming mayoral election.
Almost a year to the day he was acquitted, Dan escorted his wife to the resurrection of Alexander Sullivan. The United Irish- American Societies of Chicago held their annual celebration of Irish patriot Robert Emmet’s birth at the Auditorium Theatre that year, anticipating an enormous crowd that the Central Music Hall could never contain. He took a particular delight in introducing Maggie to Father Dorney and Judge Windes, and Alderman Mahoney was full of compliments to the lovely lady who had suffered much in the cause of Irish liberty.
The press corps was out in full, their scuffed shoes treading the terrazzo floors of the Auditorium Theatre. In his own way, Dan reclaimed a piece of his stolen past as he admired the splendor that was first shown to the public while he was contemplating life in the state penitentiary. Never before had he seen such a magnificent lobby, the artistic designs unlike anything every created before Louis Sullivan put drafting pen to paper.
“Clever of you to suggest we also rent out Central Music Hall and keep Cronin’s adoring masses out of downtown,” Mr. Sullivan said. They moved slowly down the aisle, hugging the wall to avoid being overheard. Maggie had gone ahead, to gossip with the ladies who fluttered through the theater like a soft cloud of butterflies.
“We have to be the biggest show in town,” Dan said. “Put England on notice, that the dynamite faction hasn’t weakened but grown stronger.”
“The time has come for a show of force,” Sullivan said. “Nothing moves Parliament so much as physicality. All that we gained with Parnell has steadily trickled away.”
“Devoy wants your name off the ticket for the Republican Convention, I heard,” Dan said. He heard everything from his post behind the bar. “Mr. Swift isn’t stupid enough to believe that a political association with you would poison his chances in the mayoral race.” “Devoy managed to damage our friend Mr. Kerwin so severely that he was forced to resign as Police Commissioner in New York. Would have cleaned up the force, rid it of Devoy’s undue influence.”
On his way to the stage, John Finerty stopped to exchange greetings and make a passing mention of his desire to take the fight out east, to Devoy’s home turf. The dynamite faction was weak there, due in no small part to the local bishops who all but banned the Clan na Gael, while Archbishop Feehan threw his full support behind the nationalists in Chicago. The key to the success of the nationalist movement was in unity, and if it was unity by agreement or force, the Irish had to speak in one voice. That voice could not belong to John Devoy, a naive appeaser without the stomach for a hard-fisted, bare- knuckle brawl.
“The acoustics in the theatre are without equal,” Sullivan said, changing the subject until a group of men had passed. “A new operation is called for. Patrick Tynan has contacted me.”
The leader of the Invincibles, the brains behind the assassination of the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland back in ‘82, was someone Dan very much wanted to meet. Tynan’s bold act had shaken Parliament, a hard blow that lifted Home Rule to the forefront, only to be blunted by spies within the dynamite faction. Coupled with John Devoy’s machinations, the nationalists who were once on the cusp of victory had been split into ineffectual cliques. Another outrage was called for, to get the rebellion back on track.
“We need younger men, Mr. Sullivan,” Dan said. While Tynan was an admirable man, he was old and rumor had him drinking heavily. “If we’re to get our dynamiters out of prison before they die there, we have to mount a threat. John Bull will drop to his knees if he believes there’s a dynamite plot in the works. But we’ll know it’s all talk.”
“Never let it be said that I fail to learn from past mistakes,” Mr. Sullivan said. “An illusion is all that’s required. A two-pronged approach, then. On our side, we spread a rumor of a new attack. On Mr. Davitt’s side, negotiations to free the jailed dynamiters.”
The hint of a mischievous grin played on Finerty’s face. “Get the word out before you head off to Carlsbad, Mr. Sullivan,” he said. “Scotland Yard won’t know if you’re going to take the waters or to deliver a load of explosives.”
“Twelve years,” Dan said. The Irish nationalists had been imprisoned for twelve long years. Two of them were completely insane while all four were physical wrecks, not expected to live long. If they drew their last breath in freedom, they were more fortunate than Pat or Martin. “The minute they’re released, Mr. Mahoney will have to be ready to spread the word about British brutality. He’ll be the conduit to Congress, to counter-act the English ambassador’s lobbying.”
“We’ll have to send Tynan to France, to build up the facade,” Finerty said. “The man has the snakes half the time. I hope he doesn’t think he’s being sent on a real job.”
“I’ll contact Mr. Desmond. He can arrange to have Tynan arrested when he arrives in France, to hold him in place until the prisoners are released,” Sullivan said. “He’s an American citizen. There’s no political will to allow a revolutionary like Tynan to be extradited to England, and President Cleveland is not one to be bullied. The French despise their neighbor to the north. They’d take a particular pleasure in putting him on a ship for America while the British fume.”
* * *
Mr. Sullivan was resting at a German spa when the last surviving dynamiters were set free and returned to the United States amid a flurry of speculation that a threatened explosion was withheld in exchange for their lives. Few doubted that Sullivan was a force to be feared, and by the end of 1895, it was obvious that Alexander Sullivan still wielded political influence among Chicago’s Irish. Swift brought in a crowd of Republicans on his coat tails, and with the new administration came a radical change in the government. Police would no longer be hired based on their political affiliations, but on a civil service examination that would determine skill. Civil service would keep those men in their positions no matter who was running Chicago. Elections would be won and lost, administrations changed, but the army of campaign workers who looked to Daniel Coughlin for direction would be secure in their jobs.
On the heels of a sweep for the Republicans, Dan’s name was brought forward as an aldermanic candidate for the next election, but he’d had enough sensation in his life. Instead, he found a house, a veritable mansion, in the far western suburb of Maywood. The spacious residence was situated in a new suburb where whites and colored lived together in harmony and few homes dotted the prairie. Any Pinkertons trying to watch the family had no place to hide. Reporters trying to spy on them had no neighbors to quiz. The peace and quiet worked like magic. Maggie presented her husband with a second daughter, Margaret Alexandra, on the fifteenth of February, 1896. She was the spitting image of her father.



FIFTY-TWO


DAN


Civil service was one thing, but Swift was under the influence of the Protestant interlopers who sought to inflict their Puritanical ways on the Irish Catholics. Fighting against attempts to extinguish the Irish way of life became part of the nation-wide fight for the acceptance of Irish Catholics as equal citizens. Dan Coughlin was a fighter of the first order.
The battle took a pause on the fifth of May in 1896, when Dan rode the train to Argyle, Wisconsin and stood in the little cemetery as the monument to a fallen martyr was dedicated. He stood off to one side, back with the men of Camp No. 20, feeling uncomfortable in the presence of the Whalens and the remaining O’Sullivans. He was the one who survived while Pat O’Sullivan died, and he could see the question in the eyes of Pat’s family, a question that only God could answer.
A philosopher might have said the answer walked in the door of the saloon two days later. Looking like a ghost of his former self, Mr. Brainerd of the stone quarry leaned wearily against the bar and asked for a tall whiskey. Dan had the bartender pour the drink. Seeing Brainerd again made his hands too shaky to hold a bottle.
“My attorney should be in court right about now, assigning my business. I’m bust, Coughlin. Ruined.” The stone contractor’s eyes were glazed, as if he hoped he might only be dreaming but knew he was wide awake.
“It’s a bad time in the building trades,” Dan said. Vindicated, that’s what the ribbon said on the wreath he laid at Pat’s grave. “Iron workers, carpenters, brickies, all unemployed.”
“The State didn’t renew the piece rate contracts in the quarry; my costs rose and demand was dropping.” Brainerd asked for another drink and Dan gave it to him on the house. The man had put himself at some risk to smuggle letters and packages to a prisoner. A shot of good whiskey was a small reimbursement.
“Gone,” Brainerd said. “All gone. The unions. That’s what killed me.”
“I wish you the best, Mr. Brainerd. Best of luck getting back on your feet. The hard times don’t last forever. There’ll be more buildings going up soon.” Vindicated twice over.
* * *
The Irish loved gambling. Reason enough for the Anglo- Saxon elite to kill it. Thanks to the antics of Bathhouse John Coughlin and Mike Hinky-Dink Kenna, with the wide-open vice district they controlled, the blue-stockings found fodder for their campaign. As an elected official, the junior Mayor Harrison heeded the loudest voices and a city-wide clampdown was declared. Dan had gotten wind of the scheme when he attended the United Irish Society amnesty meeting at the end of July. Within days, Sergeant Wilson dropped into the saloon and informed the owners that they would be shutting their doors at midnight on Friday.
“This is a high-class saloon,” Dan said. “That order only applies to the Levee district.”
“It applies to every joint in town,” the sergeant said. He downed a beer, still carrying the chill of the cellar.
“What of our late lunch?” Mike McNamara asked. “We serve food. That makes us a restaurant.”
Wilson polished off the dregs. “That makes you nothing. I’m telling you, every saloon has to close at midnight.” The policeman swiped at the wet ring on the bar top. “This’ll be the first place they check. You know why.”
Mike looked at Dan and Dan looked at Mike. “Sure, we’ll lock up at midnight. What else can we do?”
Laborers on late shifts had as much right to an after-work beer as the high and mighty judges who strolled in at five or six o’clock. As the clock struck midnight on the first of August, Mike locked the front door of the saloon and drew the drapes while Dan opened the back door to the alley. Two days later, Coughlin was arrested. The cops had been assigned to watch his place, along with fifteen other saloons in the downtown area. It was a bit of a joke, and Judge Kehoe wasted no time in setting bail and releasing the prisoners. They’d pay their fine, they’d keep selling beer after hours, and sooner or later the politicians would feel the ripples of dissatisfaction. The people had to keep right on fighting, no matter what idiotic laws the Council tried to pass. This was a minor squabble. Dan had bigger things in mind.



FIFTY-THREE


DAN


For all the misery he’d inflicted on Maggie, Dan put his heart and soul into making it up to her. Anything she wanted was hers. Their home was furnished with the latest styles; splendid mahogany and velvets, lace curtains, and elaborately carved tables that were fashionably cluttered. Annie was sent to the Sacred Heart convent on Taylor Street for the best education money could buy, Michael was put in the hands of the Jesuits to corral his willfulness, while Peggy was showered with every toy that caught Dan’s eye. There was nothing he liked more than walking to Sunday Mass with his family, resplendent in fine clothes, the very image of prosperity. They were, in a word, happy, and he wanted all the world to know it.
The children spent most of their summers in Michigan with their Coughlin and Hoctor cousins, running wild. In August, the family was reunited for their annual appearance at the Ogden Grove picnic, where prominent men gave stirring speeches and money was raised to help the poor of Ireland. Dan never failed to draw a crowd, his reputation as a martyr for the dynamite faction visible in the lines of his face and the grey at his temples.
“That Annie’s going to break many a lad’s heart,” Billy Lyman said. “And the ladies better watch out for Michael Parnell. It’s the shy ones the girls flock to.”
Afraid of strangers, that was Michael Coughlin. Skittish in large crowds, clinging to Annie’s hand when approached by well- meaning grannies. “Peggy’ll make her husband’s life a trial,” Dan said. “She’s spoiled, that one. I missed so much. I won’t miss a minute this time around.”
“So, we got Carter Harrison in and he’s staring down Bathhouse and Hinky-Dink,” Lyman said. “Who’s going to win the battle?”
“We’ve run circles around the prigs with their midnight closing rules,” Dan said. “And we won’t let them shut down the gambling. That’s the problem with that crowd. They find someone having fun and they’re all for putting a stop to it.”
“No one can say they’ll find less than an honest game in your back room,” Lyman said.
“It’s a respectable establishment,” Dan said. “I run a place I can be proud of. Why, if my wife and children wanted to walk in the side door, there’s nothing untoward going on that would shame Mrs. Coughlin.”
Where had they gotten off to? For a brief moment, a surge of panic set Dan’s heart racing. He was alone, he had lost them. The crowd was too thick to see through. He looked over the tops of heads but all the women sported straw boaters and white shirtwaists. Did he see Annie’s blond braids flying like wings? So many little girls, dressed alike. The sun beat down on his head, seared through his hat. Michael charged into his legs with a thud and Dan’s heart lodged in his throat.
“Papa,” he called out, as if he had won a contest.
A wave of pure joy washed over Dan. He draped Michael over his shoulders, hugged the child’s knees while the boy clasped his dirty little hands under his father’s chin. “You found me. Good. I was lost,” he said. “We’d better find Mama.”
“Doing well with the detective work for the Illinois Central, then? I’ve heard that the West Chicago Street Railroad could use a detective,” Lyman said. “There’s a confidence game being run against the surface lines and the railroads. People claiming to have been struck and injured. They’re suing for big money.”
“I’d consider it,” Dan said. The feel of Michael’s beanpole limbs, the smell of little boy sweat; it was a sensation like nothing else. He needed nothing else.
“Drop by Sullivan’s office, he’d be glad to hear from you,” Lyman said. “The railroads have been settling cases where they can, but if they had some evidence of fraud, they’d be able to put an end to the game.”
“More money for the Land League,” Dan said.
“You’re putting in more than your fair share already,” Lyman said. “Not that I’d turn you down if the gentlemen running the tables in your place see their way to a donation. We don’t find that kind of action out of the distinguished gentlemen who run the Levee.”
Congregating with the ladies, Maggie was a picture, with her sleeves starched so full that her head almost disappeared into her shoulders. Peggy was hanging on her mother’s skirt, glaring daggers at a toddler who was trying to swipe her doll. “Shall we read more of my story tonight, do you think?” he asked Michael as he put him down on the ground.
“Annie says she can read it all herself,” Michael said. “I can too but I like it better if you read to us.”
For Christmas, Maggie had given him a complete set of Victor Hugo’s novels, the volumes bound in fine leather with gold tooling. The children loved Les Miserables but they had no idea how much the story meant to their father, how the words of a French author had provided inspiration in dark times. Would Dr. Cronin have acted differently if he had been so inspired? A man hounded from place to place, but rather than do good, he destroyed. It could have been a different tale.
Dan took his place among the men, who discussed important business matters and politics with an enthusiasm to match that of the women jabbering about children. There was talk of the split between Mayor Harrison and the Democratic alderman who ran gambling houses. Those who voted Carter Harrison Junior into office had learned that he was far less sensible than his esteemed father.
“Chief Kipley has his eye on the card games running out of your place,” Mr. Finerty said.
“His eyes don’t reach into the private rooms,” Dan said. “And we aren’t going to let them spoil our fun. Let them stay home and bore each other if they don’t like a hand of poker, and leave us alone.”
* * *
Mr. Finerty’s speech that afternoon called for unity among the nationalist movements, and John Devoy was quick to answer before another week passed. Eight years after Cronin’s death, and the New Yorker was still railing against Alexander Sullivan, still trying to reach the top rung. Professional Irishmen, he called Sullivan and his followers, men who sought to better their people through politics. Men who operated from selfish motives and were not great patriots at all, that’s what he thought of them. Devoy had won the Clan na Gael, but at a great cost. Chicago Irishmen fled his rump organization and flocked to the United Irish Societies. He would never be the king of the Irish in Chicago. As long as Davitt remained strong, Devoy wouldn’t be the king of the Irish in Ireland, either. That didn’t mean he was going to stop trying. It meant Dan’s battles weren’t finished.



FIFTY-FOUR


ALECK


Charles Yerkes was a cheap, conniving, penny-pinching bastard, but his West Chicago Street Railway Company provided work for the Irish and Aleck needed a source of patronage jobs. Even though the civil service law was being attacked on all sides by men who required a pool to draw on when they wished to cement bonds of loyalty, it was not easy to get around the rules. With the City Council awarding rights of way in a flurry of boodle, Aleck saw a potential windfall in an army of workers needed to lay track, drive the trams, collect the tickets and repair the rolling stock. He held his nose as he settled personal injury cases out of court, skirting the law in an effort to maintain his power base, the power base that sent William McKinley to the White House.
He watched the streetcar as it passed him on Wabash, let two cars go by until he spotted Dan Coughlin sitting near the conductor. Sliding into the empty seat at Dan’s left, he nodded his hello. Coughlin asked after Mrs. Sullivan’s health, which was not the best, and they got down to business.
“Last February, you may have read about jury-bribing allegations in regard to cases pending against the streetcar line,” Aleck said. “Fraudulent cases, I might add. Something very suspicious is going on, something I cannot put my finger on. The juror who claimed he had been offered a bribe by the two gentlemen we are going to see denied, within twenty-four hours, that these men were the ones who had offered the bribe.”
“Pretty queer,” Coughlin said.
“I find it odd that this juror could state that a saloonkeeper and the porter approached him, only to turn around the next day and say it was not those two men who spoke to him, but two mysterious men,” Aleck said. “The falsehood was waved off as a ruse by the court to locate the real bribers, while two innocent men were forced to procure bonds and spend a night in fear of their liberty.”
“Something’s up all right,” Coughlin said. “Who went to the saloon to arrest the men?”
“Deputy Sheriff Healy. Two bailiffs. Lynch and Murphy.” “Lynch and Murphy.” Coughlin pursed his lips in thought, as if he were mentally rifling through anecdotes that he had overhead in his saloon.
“One other thing. One of the jurors who came forward with a similar story described his briber as a person who appeared to be in the liquor business.”
Coughlin’s face blanched. “They won’t leave me alone,” he mumbled.
“It is my hope that the saloon owner has been sufficiently annoyed and will cooperate with you,” Aleck said. “See if you can identify the two men responsible. It’s the only way to get to the bottom of this well of lies.”
Once on the south side, they hired a horse and buggy to carry them to Sixty-third and Morgan. The stink of the stock yards in August brought tears to Aleck’s eyes, while Coughlin stared straight ahead, lost in some personal reverie. He was sufficiently recovered when they reached the saloon to sprout a confident grin and a swagger, finding a welcome from a business colleague. As cooperative as the owner wished to be, however, he had no idea who might have been speaking to a juror in his establishment, not when the place was often crowded. It came as a shock, then, when Coughlin declared that Bailiff Lynch was the key to the puzzle. How he arrived at such a conclusion, Aleck was at a loss.



FIFTY-FIVE


DAN


Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Coughlin arrived at the Central Music Hall in splendor, with Maggie dressed in an expensive frock that copied the styles coming out of France in 1898 and displayed her husband’s success. The evening was of great importance to Dan because the annual Robert Emmet memorial would see Alexander Sullivan lionized. Mr. Sullivan had a place of prominence in a box to the left of the stage, directly across the theatre from Mayor Harrison and his party.
“Poor Mrs. Sullivan,” Maggie said. “She looks like a wax doll left out in the sun.”
“They don’t think she’ll recover fully from the stroke,” Dan said. “Mr. Sullivan is grateful to God that she wasn’t taken from him. He’s pleased with the progress she’s made, he told me. Must have been a bad attack, if he thinks that’s a positive outcome.”
“Mrs. Harrison’s gown is lovely,” Maggie said. “That’s from Paris, I’d guess.”
“You’ll have gowns made in Paris one day,” Dan said. “Not one woman here is dressed so fine as you, darlin’. Nor any so pretty.” 
The Irish-Americans at the Central Music Hall declared their support of the Cuban rebels, and talk of war in Cuba filled the saloon. The Irishmen saw things in a different light, with the United States Navy assuming a role that had once been England’s exclusive domain. The nation was looking beyond its borders, casting a glance off-shore and monitoring activities in the far-away Philippine Islands. By siding with Cuban rebels against the colonial power of Spain, America was taking a stand that might one day be taken on behalf of the Irish in their struggle for freedom. The first step, some of them said, the first step on a long road. William McKinley was just the man for it.
Business was brisk and Dan hired on another bartender who knew how to mix the drinks that were all the rage. No more straight whiskey or beer, but Tom Collins and high-ball were the requests of politicians and businessmen, judges and jurors. Bill Armstrong was a personable young man who was good at listening, a desirable quality in one who served as a sounding board for many a man’s troubles. He proved to be equally adept at asking the right questions, and he took to the detective work with ease. Having a second set of eyes and ears was of great help to Dan with his investigations for the Illinois Central Railroad. While Bill was glad of the extra money, he took a particular enjoyment in the challenge of outsmarting embezzlers, thieves and grafters. If not for the civil service law, Dan would have gotten the man a job in the Police Department.
* * *
The war with Spain was over almost before it began. The unexpended energy needed new outlets, and those outlets could be found in the saloons and gambling dens. An old friend of Dan’s from Hancock got into a bragging match with a streetcar conductor at the bar, and the tiff blossomed into a wrestling match with a three hundred dollar purse. When the city cracked down on the race tracks, Dan rented his back room to a bookmaker who set up several tables and had a time of it, trying to handle the overflow clientele. Detective Hanley, assigned by Mayor Harrison to clear out the gambling dens, didn’t manage to notice the hive of activity while he smoked a cigar with the proprietor.
“God damn anti-vice sons of bitches,” Hanley said. “I’m sick of the anti-Irish, anti-Catholic crowd that’s got Harrison by the balls. Who the hell does he think voted him into office, anyway?”
“I’ve spent my life fighting the bastards, and I’m not stopping now,” Dan said. “Can’t expect you to turn a blind eye day in and day out, though. All this is getting moved to the basement, under the ticket office next door. Say, what’s the word on Bailiff Lynch? Is he in deep to someone?”
“Don’t know, but I can ask around. Why, you hear something?”
“Just rumors. There’s talk he might owe a book maker who’s looking for payment and cash isn’t all he’ll accept. Let me know if you hear something, will you? Oh, and don’t forget, in the week before Christmas we’ll be laying out a nice spread at six and a lunch at midnight. Drop in. Front door during the day, and the side door on Calhoun at night.”
* * *
Shortly after Christmas, Dan’s suspicions about Bailiff James Lynch were confirmed and he put more effort into getting to the bottom of the case. There was little to go on besides a gut feeling. The juries in question were hearing personal injury cases against the West Chicago Street Railway Company, and the hatred Chicagoans felt for owner Charles Yerkes was deep and bitter. While that was reason enough to explain the suspicions that the fix was in, the fact that Alexander Sullivan was an attorney representing the interest of Mr. Yerkes had more to do with the funny business. Dan could smell a tempest brewing, but he had no idea where it was coming from or where it was headed.
Pressure was being exerted, but by whom? Under fire for his alleged role in jury bribing, Mr. Sullivan was forced to resign from the streetcar company. The gossip of the grand jury investigation wouldn’t hold up in court, but that didn’t stop the newspapers from spreading a story about Alexander Sullivan giving Bailiff Lynch the cash used to bribe jurors hearing personal injury cases against the company. Column after column was filled with State’s Attorney Deneen’s bluster, about going after the big fish, the major corporations who hired contract lawyers to defend personal injury suits and then sat back while those same lawyers bribed jurors to win cases against the poor oppressed citizenry. The bar association was rife with corrupt attorneys, Mr. Deneen said, but there was only one attorney mentioned by name and that was Alexander Sullivan. By singling him out, a message was being sent.
Dan’s investigations for the Illinois Central Railroad took most of his free time, especially when the line’s Chief of Secret Service needed information on a Mr. Carbine, who was suing the railroad for supposedly damaging his property during a track elevation project. Busy with his inquiries, Dan could only hope that information about Bailiff Lynch and his role in the jury-rigging allegations might drop into the saloon. To increase the odds of lips loosening, he let it be known that he was subscribing a fund for Lynch’s family, who had no source of income until the case was settled. He discovered that those in the know at the courthouse heard the case was so weak it was half-dead, but a large fishing expedition was underway and State’s Attorney Deneen was casting a wide net.
A silver dollar rattled into the growler Dan kept on the bar for the Lynch family fund. “You’re collecting for a good cause,” a grey- haired Irishman said. The brogue was distinctive, the ring of Kerry. “I’m friends myself with a man serving on a jury who’s in urgent need. A long and complicated case. I’ve heard it said you’re willing to advance a bit of cash until a man can get back to work.”
“Can he offer collateral?” Dan asked. A clot of businessmen entered, drawing Dan’s attention away from the stranger. After pouring beers and dispensing cigars, he turned back and noticed a large diamond stud in the gentleman’s palm. Without thinking, Dan fingered his own stud that held his cravat in place.
“One hundred-fifty, he needs, for a week or two,” the Kerryman said. “The man’s wife is ill and the doctor’s demanding payment. Sure if he could have remained in his place of employment there’d be no trouble, but a man has to do his duty when called. He’ll put up this diamond stud.”
From the breast pocket of his coat, Dan pulled out a pencil and a small pad of paper. “You look like an honest Irishman. Let him keep the stone. Give me the name and address of your friend. I’ll bring his wife the money and he can pay me back when he’s dismissed from the jury. And I’ll need your particulars as well. I’m sure you can understand.”
“It’s true, so, what they say about you, Mr. Coughlin,” the old man said. “A kind heart.”
“Just paying back what was done for me once,” Dan said. He scribbled the name John Taylor, 400 North Clark Street, above that of the little Irishman who was named McGarry, but the gentleman was swallowed up by a crowd of lawyers before Dan could say another word. Once the majority of the drinking crowd went home for dinner, Dan strolled up Clark Street and paid a call on Mrs. Taylor. The woman was enormously grateful, but not so grateful that she invited Dan into her parlor. They conducted the transaction at the door, while Mr. McGarry looked on from the top of the stairs, waving and smiling with pleasure. Fancied himself the woman’s savior, judging by the grin on his face.
* * *
With the Illinois Central case wending its way through Judge Tuthill’s court, Dan put some effort into locating the powers behind Bailiff Lynch. A low-level county employee couldn’t have concocted such a convoluted tale of bribery on his own. The plot had its origins elsewhere, and starting with the most likely conspirator was a logical first step. Through Mr. Sullivan’s connections in the Land League, Dan was put in touch with a Mr. Egan in New York City, who had some influence with Tammany and connections among the Irish. Mr. Egan promised a thorough investigation.
Dan kept his eye on the other case, willing to give Juror Taylor a couple of weeks after the trial ended before asking for payment of the loan. To his surprise, Judge Tuthill took the case away from the jury, found in the railroad’s favor, and sent the jury home. Within a day or two, Tuthill set aside his verdict so that more evidence could be heard, which the clerks drinking at Coughlin’s took as a sure sign that the judge knew someone on the panel of twelve had been bought off.
“One of them owes me some money,” Dan said.
“Better go find him and get paid,” a clerk said. “If it’s one of the bribed men, you’ll never see that money again.”
No one was at home at the Taylor flat, and before Dan could track down Mr. McGarry, a cable arrived from New York City, to inform him that a suspicious character connected with an Illinois Central injury case had been found. He packed a bag, kissed Maggie and the children good-bye, and took the first train east, leaving Bill Armstrong with instructions to continue the investigation of Bailiff Lynch and his associates. As long as he was in New York, he’d look up Mr. Egan and see what he might have found out about the source of the jury-bribing charges. Patrick O’Keefe, of the Illinois Central secret service, went along on the trip. Whoever was trying to implicate Sullivan was using the Illinois Central, and the railroad’s executives were not about to tolerate any damage to the line’s good name. They were not about to tolerate any damage to the Land League, either.



FIFTY-SIX


ALECK


An urgent request from Judge Tuley brought Aleck out of his office and straight to the court house in no time. He was surprised to find Judge Tuthill there as well, looking ashen. The situation was grave, both men informed him, very grave.
“When that Taylor creature informed me that he had been offered a bribe, I told him to take it and report back to me,” Tuthill said. He paced the room, fuming over a situation that none of them had seen coming. “The next thing I know he’s telling me a bizarre story of a Mr. C. P. Summers, sitting in a saloon with a bandaged foot and crutches.”
“For God’s sake, Tuthill, why didn’t you hire the detective instead of telling Taylor’s attorney to hire a Pinkerton?” Tuley asked.
“Who could have guessed that John Devoy set this up?” Tuthill retorted. “Concocted this whole conspiracy, brought in a cast of characters and created evidence out of thin air. We’re in the thick of it, Sullivan, and Deneen has enough perjured testimony to hang us all if one of us falls.”
Coming in at the middle left Aleck confused and he had to wait until his friends had calmed sufficiently to speak in complete sentences. As the judges explained it, the explosive claim of jury bribing on a massive scale was instigated by John Devoy to bring down Alexander Sullivan. That was the crux of the matter. There were enough pro-Cronin Clan na Gael men in the city willing to destroy their most bitter enemy by any means, and they came forward in the shape of Bailiff Lynch, John Taylor, and private detective McGarry. They were all prepared to deliver a scathing piece of fiction that identified Alexander Sullivan as the ringleader of a professional jury bribing organization, with Daniel Coughlin as one of his operatives. Even without Tuthill’s explanation, Aleck saw where Devoy was going by dragging in Coughlin. The man had very nearly lost his mind in Joliet, had never recovered completely, and a return to the penitentiary would break him. There wasn’t a secret he wouldn’t give up to stay out of prison. Once Aleck was tried for the murder of Cronin, the road was cleared for Devoy to take complete control of the Irish nationalists in Chicago. An old man with a sickly wife was a danger when it came to keeping secrets, and the high-placed Executives of the United Irish Societies believed that Aleck’s invitation to dance with the hangman could see all the conspirators behind bars. Someone had to make a sacrifice.
“They cannot prove that the stud in your possession was given to Taylor by Coughlin,” Aleck said. “There is nothing distinctive to differentiate one from another.”
“Yes, of course, but the fact remains that Deneen plans to charge our man with conspiracy. That’s three years in Joliet, Mr. Sullivan, and I for one will not risk it,” Tuley said.
“If that stupid bartender had let well enough alone, we might have found a way to stall Deneen until we could expose Devoy’s merry band,” Tuthill said.
The bartender had gotten wind of the plot from police friends of Coughlin at the Central Station, and he took it upon himself to pay off Taylor and McGarry to protect his boss. While it was only the bartender who was implicated in an attempt to thwart justice, the fact remained that Dan Coughlin had been set up so that Alexander Sullivan would be exposed. Letting the bartender go to jail would not solve the problem but could make it worse.
“I received a coded cable early this morning.” Tuley pushed the sheet across his desk to Aleck. “Detective McGarry is Devoy’s man, being paid out of Clan na Gael funds lodged in a New York bank. Juror Taylor is a British agent.”
“Coughlin was ordered back to Chicago at once,” Tuthill said. “He’ll be arrested the minute he steps off the train this evening, but he’ll be arrested in Chicago and not New York.”
“We must keep the upper hand,” Aleck said. “He never should have been sent into enemy territory. Of course. We didn’t know. We didn’t suspect.”
“He’ll have to be made to disappear,” Tuthill said. “I can make up all sorts of strong statements for the press to protect myself, but what are we to do with you, Mr. Sullivan?”
“I can fight whatever they throw at me,” Aleck said. “But I cannot fight my battle and Mr. Coughlin’s battle at the same time.”
“Our best man,” Tuley said with a sigh. “I would lay odds that they’ve been scheming since the day Coughlin was acquitted. Scheming and plotting, to bring us all down without even knowing who we are.”
“Mr. Harahan of the Illinois Central has placed the full resources of the railroad at our disposal. Whatever funds are needed will be supplied,” Tuthill said.
“Mrs. Coughlin and her children must be supported in perpetuity,” Aleck said. “I cannot in good conscience accept anything less.”
“There’s a man in the railroad’s employ, a childhood friend of Mrs. Coughlin’s from Michigan,” Tuthill said. “He would not hesitate to act as go-between.”
“How are we to go about this disappearance?” Tuley asked. Aleck dropped his head into his heads, covering his face as if he could shield his mind from the disaster that was crowding on the nationalists and the Land League. “Father Dorney must be called in to perform a miracle. The archdiocese shall be utilized to its fullest extent.”
“The grand jury has begun hearing evidence,” Tuley said. “We have little time.”
“Deneen is out for blood on this one. Your blood, Mr. Sullivan, but he’ll bleed Coughlin dry if that’s what it takes to get to you.” Tuthill rose to leave. “Our boy will be released on bail, of course, and after that, he cannot be seen again.”
“It is evident that Devoy will never stop until the day he dies, or Ireland is freed and he becomes irrelevant,” Aleck said. “Mr. Coughlin must be put in a position where he will not risk arrest ever again.”
They shook hands on the deal, a sad occasion. The political organization would take a heavy blow, but it was critical that the nationalists not be destroyed. One man would have to be sacrificed so that his colleagues could survive. Coughlin, of all men, would understand.



FIFTY-SEVEN


MACKIE


Finding Alice’s unmarked grave was a guessing game, a hazy recollection of the tree that Frank Woodruff stood behind, keening, while the cheap pine box was dumped into a trench. The gravediggers didn’t even bother to fasten the lid that fell open, let alone tuck her dead arm back into the coffin before filling the hole. Mackie sprinkled Holy Water on what he hoped was the correct spot.
Before embarking on his mission, not knowing if he’d ever return to Chicago, the priest thought it best to visit Mt. Olivet Cemetery, to offer up a prayer at the monument to the indigent Irish nationalists where his parents were buried and Martin Burke was laid to rest. Having said his farewells, he hopped on the train to Evanston, to Calvary Cemetery, where he asked God to forgive a man whose evil continued to poison all those who were so unfortunate as to come into contact with Patrick Cronin. Forgiveness. It was what Father McSwiney preached. It was time that he lived it.
He needed a drink, to blur the past and steel him for what he had yet to do. He approached the saloon on Clark Street, the open door inviting, but it was the side door for the priests. Not that Mackie was a heavy drinker any more, but he appreciated the importance of appearances and propriety.
Though not as athletic of build as he had once been, there was no mistaking Mr. Coughlin. The saloon keeper was chatting with a pair of news reporters, their disheveled appearance marking them as wordsmiths with a fondness for a tipple.
“See, my diamond is right here,” Coughlin said, pointing to the glittering jewel pinned to his tie. “Other than that, I have nothing to say. Are you paying for that beer, Ben?”
The gentleman who approached was Mike McNamara, previously informed that a young priest was to be expected. In a back corner of the saloon, Mackie turned over an envelope that held twenty one-thousand-dollar bills, the cost of bail for Coughlin and his bartender. The bonds would be forfeit soon. The Executives would pay the price of their orders. McNamara would pay the price for being Coughlin’s friend and partner. Without the gregarious Dan Coughlin holding court, it was only a matter of time until the place went under. “You’re not what I was expecting,” McNamara said, “when I was told to watch for a Jesuit.”
Just over five feet tall, with a child’s soft features, Mackie surprised everyone when he pummeled his way to the bare-knuckle championship of the St. Louis Province. In spite of his size, he persevered and was consecrated a soldier of Christ, but hadn’t he been a soldier since he was fourteen years old, when he struck a blow for Ireland? He was called on once again to do a man’s work, to strike another blow. His blackjack still resided in his pocket. Nothing had changed in ten years. Cronin’s poison continued to fester.
Brought to a small room on the second floor that served as an office, Mackie slumped into a worn-out armchair, only to jump to his feet when Mr. Coughlin entered and closed the door behind him.
“In regard to the bribery case, I’ve come with orders from Michael Davitt,” Mackie said. No spark of recognition flashed in Coughlin’s eyes, which were clouded with worry. All to the best.
“It’s a misdemeanor, and it’s all lies,” Coughlin said. “Just another fine to pay.”
“You will be charged with a conspiracy to obstruct justice,” Mackie said. He was only repeating words. He had no idea what he was talking about. “Punishable by up to three years in Joliet. There is pressure being applied to Mr. Deneen to put you back in the penitentiary. Even though your case would be appealed, and you would be acquitted, the Executives do not believe you have either the physical or mental ability to endure in silence.”
And behold a pale horse, and he that sat upon, his name was Death and hell followed him. It was death that looked back at Mackie, a mask that reflected hell’s torments. He had to avert his gaze.
“I won’t die in jail,” Mr. Coughlin said. His voice trembled with a fear that shook Mackie to his soul. “Mistaken identity. Paid perjury. I have witnesses. Facts.”
“As you did in ‘89.” Mackie’s voice boomed. He had a reputation as a convincing and persuasive preacher. “It’s being done again, by the same faction loyal to John Devoy. The process will be repeated, until Alexander Sullivan is hanged for the murder of Patrick Cronin. And John Devoy rises to the top.”
To watch a man crumble to dust before him was more painful than he expected. He knew that Coughlin provided turkeys every Thanksgiving and Christmas to feed the orphan boys at the home on Jackson Street. Every holiday season, he passed the hat among the gamblers as they ate their sumptuous supper, exhorting them to be generous to the lads who sold newspapers on street corners in all weather. Knowing what he had to do made his stomach churn, until Mackie feared he would be sick.
“They mean to hound me to my dying day,” Mr. Coughlin said. He covered his face with his hands but his shoulders never shook. A hard man.
“The grand jury is expected to return indictments early in July,” Mackie continued.
“Then I have time,” Coughlin said. “Time to find my alibi witnesses, to expose the perjury. We’ll buy our own damned perjury.” 
How to explain to a loyal patriot that he had become the weak point in a web of security that protected the very heart of the Land League? The former detective knew too much, and one more stint in the penitentiary would break him into small, confessing pieces. The Executives were unassailable, except through Coughlin. The only solution was to remove the danger and regroup, with fresh troops, to climb over the bodies of the fallen and carry on the battle.
“There will be no trial. On the day you are scheduled to appear before a judge to answer the charges, Mr. Donahoe will not be present in court because he will know that you are gone.” Mackie paused to inhale. He had forgotten to breathe.
“I can’t run,” Coughlin said. “My family. What would become of my family?”
“Mr. Maurice Welsh of the Illinois Central, this person is known to you?” The name was met with a nod and a sad sort of smile. “He will act as a conduit. There is a job waiting for you. You needn’t worry on that score.”
The pair sat in silence for a moment, as if someone had just passed away in their presence. Whiskey was needed, to drink to the demise of Dan Coughlin, saloon keeper and Irish patriot. After a suitable interlude, Mackie related the details that he had committed to memory. Two days prior to the scheduled court date, Bill Armstrong would board a train in the company of three priests on their way to Olympia, Washington, where he would be provided with introductions so that he could start a new life with a new name. “At the same time, you will accompany me, via the Illinois Central, to a steamer bound for Central America. Captain J. W. Grace is expecting you,” Mackie said. “Under an assumed name, you will be employed by the largest contractor in Spanish Honduras, supervising a massive public works project. What you don’t know how to do, you will learn, as you will learn the Spanish language.”
The house in Maywood would have to be sold and Mrs. Coughlin would become a gypsy, a stranger wherever she landed and never staying long enough to become known. Every move would become an opportunity to steal away and visit her husband, a chance to confound detectives who might try to find Coughlin by spying on her. Her circle of friends would shrink down to a chosen few who would guard her privacy as zealously as one might guard one’s own life. Explaining that to the poor woman would be part of Mackie’s penance.
The shadows in Coughlin’s eyes deepened. He pulled a dirty muslin bag from his coat pocket and took to kneading it. Two or three small dark fragments that resembled dried tobacco leaves fell onto his lap. “My family. God help them. They’re innocent,” Coughlin said.
In time, Alexander Sullivan would clear his name and put an end to the jury-bribing claim, but Coughlin could never return and take up his old life. The power struggle among the Irish nationalists would keep him on the run, which made it imperative to re-locate Coughlin to a place where the United States Government could not extract him. The priest fixed his gaze on his knees, rather than stare at the empty shell sitting before him. The pain in Coughlin’s eyes as his bleak future was detailed made Mackie’s hands tremble. One drink, and he would be able to continue. One drink was impossible.
“Whatever may come to pass, Mr. Harahan of the Illinois Central will see to it that your family is never in need,” Mackie said. 
“It’s never going to be over, is it?” Coughlin asked.
“Lord, teach me to be generous. Teach me to serve you as you deserve, to give and not to count the cost, to fight and not to heed the wounds,” Mackie said, reciting St. Ignatius’ prayer of obedience. “We must savor the memory of our happiest moments when we feel we have lost all happiness.”
“There’s one man burning in hell who never knew a minute’s happiness,” Coughlin said. He pocketed his tobacco pouch and reached across the desk, to pick up a book with a cover so worn it must have been read repeatedly. “Can you forgive me, for my sin of omission? Grant me absolution, give me your blessing, and we’ll have no regrets, Mackie.”
“Never a regret, Mr. Coughlin.” He had known the priest’s identity all along. Mackie wanted to cry.
The book’s title was partially rubbed off but Les Miserables could be seen in faint gold lettering. Coughlin opened it and showed him the inscription, a gift from Oscar Neebe. “We are vindicated,” it read. The sad man with hunched shoulders picked up the volume and cradled it to his chest. He would take it with him, wherever he went.
Mackie rose, to bide his time until the grand jury handed down true bills against Coughlin and his bartender. The priest would return to Maywood, to pray and comfort the family that would forever be hounded by Cronin’s followers, just as Cronin had been hounded by those he destroyed. The man who sought justice would live out his days as a fugitive from injustice.
The seed of forgiveness that sprouted in Mackie’s heart that morning shriveled by the time he walked out of the Coughlin home in the early morning darkness on July 7, 1899, his farewell the sound of a woman keening. The seed died within hours, its passing marked by the shriek of the steam whistle on an Illinois Central train as it pulled out of Kankakee.

THE END

About Jack O’Malley

Writing as Jack O’Malley, the author is a descendant of Irish im- migrants who settled in Chicago. The story of the infamous Cronin murder provided an inspiration for his interest in the city’s history and its long litany of political chicanery and injustice within a legal system that many see as biased towards those with influence and friends in high places.
He can be contacted through Newcastlewest Books.
