TWO HORIZONS
Hank Lawson

Published by:
Audrey Books at Smashwords

Copyright 2013 Hank Lawson

Smashwords Edition License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcomed to share it. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. Thank you for your support.


Contents

Characters
Author’s Note

TWO HORIZONS

Part 1: Inundation Season
Chapter 1: Twin Dawn
Chapter 2: Duel Night
Chapter 3: Assassinations in Sunshine
Chapter 4: Awakened in Moonlight
Chapter 5: Naked as Sun
Chapter 6: Veiled as Eclipse
Chapter 7: Noon Blind
Chapter 8: Nightshade

Part 2: Recession Season
Chapter 9: Morning Oaths
Chapter 10: Evening Curses
Chapter 11: Ebb Like Dawn
Chapter 12: Crush Like Midnight
Chapter 13: Bright Prince
Chapter 14: Shadow Prince
Chapter 15: Chilly Sun
Chapter 16: Feverish Moon

Part 3: Drought Season
Chapter 17: Twilight Like a Blue Fog
Chapter 18: Freezing Nights in Red Sand
Chapter 19: Broken Mornings
Chapter 20: Lingering Evenings
Chapter 21: Daymare
Chapter 22: Nightmare
Chapter 23: Remembering to Awaken
Chapter 24: Divining the Dream

Part 4: Days Between Years
Chapter (numberless): Day and Night
Epilogue: Immortality

Glossary
About the Author
Dedication
Acknowledgements


Characters



Author’s Note

Man fears time, but time fears the pyramids.
—Arabian proverb

Several legends about Ancient Egypt should be put to rest. First, slaves did not build Egypt’s pyramids. Love built them. Like that of the young man in this story. This same love of nation later created the Apollo moon mission at the behest of the America’s leader. 
Second, Egypt’s leader who built the Great Pyramid was God-king Khufu, the leader in this story, not Pharaoh Cheops. “Pharaoh” comes from the Ancient Egyptian “Per-O,” which means palace. A similar mistake bastardized Khufu’s name into Cheops. Egypt’s kings were believed to be imbued by the Creator gods with divine, if temporary, magic that raised the annual Nile flood that gave life to Egypt surrounded by desert.
Third, Herodotus relayed the lie that Khufu was a tyrant. Rather, Khufu fed his people when the Nile’s yearly Inundation flooded farmland for four months of every year. Otherwise, they would have starved. 
Fourth, despite the impulse to maintain the perfection of its Creation, Ancient Egypt evolved over its 3,500 years. Most stories and novels about Ancient Egypt are of a time one to two thousand years later than in this story. For instance during this time, Egyptians built little with stone that wasn’t a pyramid. Stone was only beginning to replace mudbrick in temple construction.
Fifth, rather than being obsessed with death, Ancient Egyptians believed that a life so wonderful could not end. Because they wrote their stories of the afterlife on stone, afterlife and stone, like that in a pyramid, live on.
For ease of reference in my story, I use Western names for measurements such as mile and hour. As well, I will use the names Nile and Egypt. Other names are ancient Egyptian.
As the Inundation was reborn each year and the sun was reborn each dawn, the start of the Egyptian day, this story begins with dawn at the beginning of the eighteenth year of Khufu’s reign. 


TWO HORIZONS


Part 1
INUNDATION SEASON


Chapter 1
TWIN DAWN
As on each New Year’s Day in Egypt, the sun rose with the star Septit. This twin rising announced not only the rebirth of Egypt but also the rebirth of her God-king Khufu. Unprecedented though was Khufu’s invitation that citizens might witness his ritual of accession in the Ra Temple. One such witness would be eighteen-year-old Mehi, who, the night before, had purified his flesh with natron salt like a mummy or a priest so he’d be properly anointed. But, despite his effort, the year’s best day broke for Mehi with a curse.
“Father is a tomb-robber.”
Mehi shook away his dream of hyenas squealing in the desert. He opened eyes on his brother Sebek squatting beside him on the roof of their parents’ home. Even in the pre-dawn dusk, Mehi saw that his brother was sneering. “Gods,” Mehi said, rising to an elbow, “you’ll say anything if it takes a bite out of someone.”
Sebek jabbed a finger at him. “Last night, Father walks out with his tool sack at midnight. What does that tell you? And he meets up with two men carrying their sacks.”
“You followed Father?” For Mehi, this was as wrong as tomb-robbing, though not requiring tomb-robbing’s horrible justice of the impaling stake.
“They went up north to King Sedjes’ pyramid and those nobles’ tombs there.” Sebek set back and gauged Mehi. ”You and Father went there last month, didn’t you?”
“You think he was planning this tomb-robbing then?” Mehi’s stomach tightened. “Are you saying I’m part of this?”
“Pfft, you’re not man enough.”
Mehi’s body began to steam.
“North of the largest tomb, ninety-one paces—I counted them—they slithered into the ground like beetles. I snuck up to the hole and heard ’em: ‘chink, chink, chink.’”
To block the images of tomb-robbing that Mehi began to imagine, he looked toward the eastern horizon. The sun and the star Septit were peeping above dark hills. Amber light fanned over the brothers, then across neighbors sleeping on the cool roofs that, in hours, would be too hot to stand on. But dawn had caught him soiled with his brother’s foul curse. In the sun’s glare, Septit was shrinking to nothing. Mehi’s chin dropped onto his bare chest. “You’re lying on this day of all days.”
“Go see yourself.” Sebek swept an arm toward the north. “Where they started, they got a month of cutting to get to the tomb.”
“You always believe the worst.”
“And you always believe the best, puppet.”
Why not believe the best? Mehi believed Egypt was the best possible nation. She had no enemies. No wars. No army. Her Nile supplied an endless—though, like last year, variable—level of water and dense silt that fertilized crops twice a year. This was due to God Ra creating Egypt with ma’at, The Order. Upon the building stones of justness and balance, ma’at ordered the universe, its cycle of days and seasons, its rising and shining of sun and stars, its everything, including Mehi and all Egyptians. Ma’at ordered Horemheb as his father and Khufu as his God-king. Without ma’at, the universe would collapse back into the chaos before Creation.
Tomb-robbing threatened ma’at. So did lies. Mehi knew that lie or truth meant nothing to Sebek as long as it spoiled Mehi’s day. This particular day. 
Sebek snatched up his bedmat, slapped it on the mudbrick and lay down. On his back, rubbing his hands before him in the manner of a fly, he said, “One or two of those jewels on that nobleman’s mummy will find their way into my pocket, you better know.”
Disgust like vinegar soured in Mehi’s mouth. His hand formed a fist. It just never seemed willing to connect with his brother’s face.
Imagine men with grubby, ignorant fingers distorting a man’s mummified features so that even his mother who gave him life wouldn’t recognize him, let alone his ba soul who otherwise would give him eternal life. Such a greedy moment destroyed a person’s eternity in heaven.
Mehi looked westward to the desert. The sand deflected red heat into the sky and the village huts. Even Sebek’s eye tinted red. During the just-passed drought season, deserts east and west had crept in on the living like a slow fire. Retreating on both fronts, the Nile reeled into itself toward a vanishing point. But today, when God-king Khufu re-awakened his divine magic, he would breathe life into Egypt by again rousing the Nile. If Egypt was the moon, she would be waxing.
Mehi promised himself and his God-king to rejoice in the rest of their New Year’s Day.
Mehi spun from his brother and rose for the rope ladder, descending it into shadows cast by homes across the alley. He planted his bare feet onto his family’s courtyard still warm from yesterday’s sun. Three feet away, their four sheep stood, faced him, and expectantly stretched their leashes toward him.
“In a minute,” he whispered to them.
Turning to the hut, he put out his fingers and bent them back against the mudbrick wall. The bone-hard brick reassured him as did the clay soap fragrance drifting out of his home. Maybe his brother’s story wasn’t true.
Mehi tiptoed inside onto the cool, packed-earth floor. Dawnlight through two high window slits in the wall behind him drifted onto the opposite wall. On it he counted the twenty wooden talismans his mother Khety had crafted and hung there over the years whenever Mehi’s father went on an overnight gambling binge.
“Keeps my hands from doing something I’d regret,” she’d tell her husband.
The wall displayed no new talisman. Thankfully, his mother hadn’t heard Sebek’s story. Yet.
Mehi padded past his father’s low stool to peek into the back room. His mother’s small frame was curled up—alone. Seeing the empty straw mattress beside started Mehi to ache. As helpless to fix that lonely image as he was to raise the Nile, he had to wish his father was only gambling last night. How much more would his father hurt Khety if he was a tomb-robber? Mehi’s ache wore up into his temples. Perhaps he’d have to fulfill his mother’s ultimate wish that he become a priest and give up his own dream to work on Khufu’s pyramid.
Mehi eased back into the front room. As quietly as he could, he plucked a hunk of bread and an onion from a basket shelved below the windows, stroked the child protector God Bes—his mother’s carving in a niche by the doorway—and strode out into the sharpening sunlight.
From a barley bushel, he threw handfuls to the sheep. Today, his mother would churn out that tangy cheese for their New Year’s dinner. The family could afford animals because Mehi’s father was a stonemason at God-king Khufu’s pyramid. But a captured tomb-robber’s privilege of life would end on a pointed stake.
Mehi poured water into the lambs’ trough before saying good-bye to them.
Passing the clay oven in the courtyard’s corner where beef strips lay to dry, he headed into the quiet alley. It led him between neighbors’ huts, square or oblong, brown or red, stuck together like honeycomb cells, and, a hundred yards later, to the clearing at the front of his village Mer. Two neighbors were setting up a long spit to roast four geese, gifts of the God-king’s stores. 
“Merry Heb-Sed,” the three men said to each other.
During his four-hour trek north to the Ra Temple in the capital city Annu, Mehi would cross countless village celebrations with roasted lamb as well as geese, fresh bread and black beer. Females would clap, sing and dance in serpentine lines to the hastening tunes of harpists. Boys would wrestle and elders would tap tokens across a senet board. “Bread and beer and all good things,” Mehi said, though he’d not delay his route to enjoy them. By Khufu’s proclamation, common citizens could enter a temple today, unlike any day in history, to witness the God-king’s rebirth. This was Mehi’s chance, likely his only chance, to set foot in a temple like a priest and come so close to his God-king that he’d witness the color of Khufu’s eyes.
Walking on, Mehi realized with a shudder that he’d also have to pass the Sedjes pyramid site. Still, the sun began to shine as bright as his mother’s eye. It had shed every serpent it battled throughout the previous night. If time wasn’t pressing him, Mehi would lay out in the sunlight until it burnt off the muck of his brother’s message that mired his heart.
Through the leaves and scarlet figs of shoreline sycamores, the pale green Nile came into view. Waves broke only in spasms, not with the fury the river would soon flaunt—should the God-king will it. From across the water, a barge captain’s morning hymn mingled with the “art-ta-char” melodies of a pitch of gold orioles in the sycamores.
Mehi trudged up and over the canal embankment that ran parallel to the river. The canal was dry. As was the shore. His feet crunched mud flats gridded by three-inch-wide cracks. Last year’s Inundation had failed to deposit a healthy level of silt on the fields. It must do so this year or, as his father had warned, “There’ll be people starving.”
Swallowing the last of his salty bread and sweet onion, Mehi knelt to drink from the river. He paused at seeing his round face reflected in the water. His grin spread. Because the grin pushed his face into an egg shape, his brother said it made look like an idiot. Mehi guessed that people like his brother who treated him as simple did so to excuse themselves of their own lack of pleasure. Others, like Mehi’s father, seemed ready to slap the grin off his face. Those at peace, his mother being one, mirrored his smile to him with their own.
The water Mehi drank soaked throughout his chest like the Nile branching into its delta. He felt just as boundless. While the odor of bog rot and dust pinched his nostrils, he heeded the hope of the coming Inundation. Time began anew.
Back atop the nine-foot-wide embankment, which served as a road, Mehi headed north. Two Mer village women chatted, each balancing several loaves on their heads.
“Happy Heb-Sed,” he called to them.
“And we celebrate your birthday,” one said. “You’re Khufu’s twin, isn’t that right?” the other said with a giggle.
Mehi grinned and shook his head. How could he consider his birthday when Egypt was reborn today?
Two boys sprinted past. The one in front yelled, “I’ll be there first.” “No, you won’t,” said the other.
An hour later, the mounting heat prickling Mehi’s skin, there was no room for running. Hundreds of citizens heading to Annu packed the road. They slowed him. And, directly west, the Sedjes pyramid site waited with the truth about his father. Mehi didn’t want to think of that.
As he threaded through the clots of people, the crowd drew to the left side of the road. They unveiled two Gods: God Anpu and Goddess Ma’at, two of the forty-one regional Gods walking the roads to Khufu’s Heb-Sed.
Mehi’s feet tingled with recognition that he touched the same ground as Gods. Of course, Sebek would see only High-priests, one wearing a jackal mask and the other a white ostrich plume. But Mehi saw the God who weighed Ma’at’s plume against the heart of a deceased Egyptian. Anpu judged those with heavier hearts to have forsaken ma’at during their lives and so exiled them to wander the deserts forever.
Anpu and Ma’at had paused in their journey to rest. Out of respect, Mehi too stopped. To the west was the truth. He waited. His feet tapped, his thighs twitched. He sweated into his loincloth. Nothing he found in the sycamores, river or sky helped to lighten his heart. 
A minute more and Mehi was hurtling due west.
In twenty minutes, breathless and sweating, panic like a cobra’s jaws around his throat, Mehi surveyed the Sedjes complex at the edge of the desert. To his left, Sedjes’ five-stepped pyramid climbed one hundred and fifty feet into the air. He then noticed cult priests at its north face delivering offerings. Mehi hit the ground, his chest smarting with the impact. He scuttled to his right into a basin of loose gravel where the priests couldn’t detect him. Hunched, Mehi scampered to the north side of the largest of three rectangular mastaba tombs, roofs flat and walls sloping.
Mehi measured off ninety-one paces. Kicking at rubble there, he uncovered acacia branches and underneath … a dark hole. Exactly where Sebek said it would be. Mehi’s heart didn’t so much beat as squeeze.
He jumped into the hole of his father’s making.
Through the gritty dust flying up and stinging his eyes, Mehi saw that the sandstone bore the distinctive crisscross scoring of his father’s chisel work. It might have been gouged into Mehi’s chest. He sensed his father’s fingers scavenging his heart, ribs and lungs for something valuable to pluck away.
At that moment, the sun lit up Mehi in the pit. He scrunched into his smallest self. Found here, he’d be guilty of desecration. As guilty as his father. His mother would suffer a criminal son. 
Mehi scrambled from the hole, feeling God Ra’s heat blister his spine, certain Ra hated the very sight of this blasphemer’s son. Mehi replaced the branches and rubble as his criminal father had. 
Like a scared hare, Mehi began dashing to Annu to outpace God Anpu’s judgment. He stayed off the main road that streamed with Egyptians who sought God-king Khufu’s blessing for wealth or power. He sought Khufu’s forgiveness.

One hour north of Mehi, another young man sat quivering in his mildewed mud and reed hut. Only his eyes were stable, staring at a God Ptah amulet on the dirt floor.
His father lived in any of several towns and his mother had been gone for days, “visiting” she called it. Never mind that, he told himself; he spent his time better with the priests at the Great Temple of Ptah. High-priest Ptah-Du-Au himself re-named the young man Anhur after the slayer of enemies. The enemy of God Ptah was the usurper God-king Khufu. Khufu had rejected the state religion of God Ptah who created all things by naming them in favor of vulgar God Ra who created through ejaculation. 
Awake throughout the night, Anhur fretted over the chant Ptah-Du-Au had sworn would help Anhur carry out the plot. The plot. Was Anhur good enough to breathe the chant?
Sweat seeping onto his forehead, Anhur sneaked out the chant a first time. “It is Ptah and only Ptah who created Egypt and me.”
No, he shouldn’t have said it.
The tart words lingered on his tongue. He flicked it in his mouth. He craved that taste. He repeated the chant. Even so, he hesitated before each word. “It is Ptah and only Ptah who created Egypt and me.”
The chant was for Ptah. It was Anhur’s purpose, purpose he’d never known. “It is Ptah and only Ptah who created Egypt.” For God Ptah. Faster. Louder. Again. Fear softened like a fig in his mouth. His torso tilted.
That usurper, that devil Khufu.
Anhur’s forehead and jaw knotted. “It is Ptah who created.”
On into the dark, sweat bubbling on his lips, Anhur trembled with the chant’s rhythm. “It is Ptah and only Ptah who created me.” For hours it pounded in his ears, enclosing him. His upper body teetered, broadening into wobbling circles. Sleepless and dreamless, Anhur chanted, “It is Ptah and only Ptah.” On and on, losing track of time. Faster and faster. “It’s Ptah and only.”
The chant chased out his loneliness like shouting at crows in a barley field.
“Ptah, only Ptah.”
A sliver of light pierced the hut’s gloom. In it, God Ptah appeared.
“Ptah, only Ptah.”
God Ptah spoke.
“Ptah, only Ptah.”
Anhur heard the word.
“Only Ptah.”
God Ptah blessed Anhur’s tongue.
“Ptah.”
Heavenly courage braced his bones.
“Ptah.”
Anhur the warrior, slayer of enemies.
“Ptah.”
Anhur fingered the chisel in his robe.
“Ptah, Ptah, Ptah.”

At noon, gold in the sun flamed over Mehi. Having run from the Sedjes site and ferrying the Nile, he finally weaved into the thousands of Egyptians praising, drinking and vomiting on the Ra Temple avenue. In their crush, Mehi’s lungs wouldn’t expand. He couldn’t catch his breath. And although their sweat primed him like no natron could, he had to shed from his family the scum of his father’s pit. He needed Khufu.
Khufu was Sun God Ra’s descendent. After Ra created the universe, He lived in Egypt with humans for thousands of years, each dawn resurrecting Himself from the night. When Ra chose to dwell in the stars, He sustained His perfect Creation by infusing select descendants with His magic that, identically to Himself, required resurrection. Khufu would reawaken that magic today.
The avenue of whitewashed mudbrick, forty yards broad, flowed east to west from the palace more than a mile distant. Lining either side of its last hundred yards stood twelve statues of falcon-headed Ra and—also twenty feet tall—twelve, gold-tipped obelisks. Ahead of Mehi on a plateau rose the Ra Temple where Khufu would resurrect his divinity. Where Mehi had to be. Yet the hundreds of citizens in front of Mehi dammed him. They brawled and snarled in hope, like his, to squeeze past its pillars that spread as the God’s smile across its three-hundred-foot face. Had Mehi’s filthy detour to the pit spoilt his chance to cleanse his family of it?
A man reeking of onions and beer hoisted himself on Mehi’s shoulder yelling “Khufu!” Jerking his head away, ears ringing, Mehi swept his eyes across the God-king. Enthroned upon his palanquin with right fist, over his heart, holding the royal flail, Khufu advanced up the avenue. 
As if the ground caught fire, celebrants sprang up. “Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.” Mehi craned toward the God-king as if for the last swallow of water on earth. “Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.” On the God-king, the sun shone brightest. Reflecting Ra like a polished capstone, Khufu’s Southern Egypt’s white cone crown fit within his Northern Egypt’s red crown. 
The masses parted for the God-king’s procession, but not without clawing that left many bleeding. They clamped in on Mehi who could only watch Khufu pass.
Once at the granite causeway leading up to the temple, his carriers halted. The crowd quieted. At the temple’s mouth, priests tossed two black and two white falcons into the sky. They fluttered north, east, south and west, cawing Khufu’s appearance to the Gods in heaven’s quarters.
Khufu’s entourage started up the causeway. Citizens thrashed for every inch closer to their God-king so he might answer their screams if merely with his glance. Some threw themselves at him only to flop like beached fish on others’ shoulders. Guards beat them back with the shaft of their spears.
Mehi shouldered past a woman on his left. To his right, he hooked his elbow into the midriff of a man and wedged himself forward. To get inside. Through the writhing and tangling bodies, Mehi made out God-king Khufu crossing the line of the twelve-foot tall pillars. Temple shadows eclipsed Khufu as citizens inside hailed him with, “Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
Head low, Mehi burrowed through sweaty arms, hips and shoulders. “Khufu” chanted again and again. The sun pressed down on him with the weight of time’s passing.
How much later Mehi didn’t know, his feet clapped limestone. Raising his head, he saw himself inside the temple. He never would have imagined such grace. Sunlight spiking between the mudbrick pillars behind him dazzled the air as luminous as the white, polished limestone floor it struck. The encircling, red quartzite colonnade also glowed. Mehi then saw the temple stone not simply glowing but radiant. It threw back the blinds of a window onto heaven. Temple and heaven coincided. It broke Mehi. Broke him as out of a cocoon. With new beautiful eyes, he meant to, had to, soak up the whole of it at once.
A cordon of fifty guards with spears restrained him and three hundred other commoners from Khufu enthroned erect on his palanquin at the center of the colonnade’s circle: the Heb-Sed court. In ancient times, if the God-king failed his Heb-Sed, citizens destroyed him so that the divine magic might survive for them in his successor.
Fifty yards away on the eastern arc arrayed the regional gods, the “Forty-one,” including God Anpu standing with Ma’at, feline-headed Goddess Bastet, ibis-beaked God Djahuty, and ram-headed God Khnum forming Khufu’s spiritual twin, his ka, on the potter’s wheel. Khufu must prove himself not only to his citizens but also to the Forty-one. They inspected the God-king while along the north arc, one of Khufu’s six princes and two princesses praise poetry of Egypt and their father. 
The one God absent was Ptah. His High-priest Ptah-Du-Au, wearing white linen and not the Ptah vestments, scowled at Khufu from the temple’s west shadows. Mehi grimaced that the High-priest wasn’t more grateful to witness this splendor. This belly of heaven. This heaven on earth.
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
Standing forward of the other royal children, Ka’ab addressed his father. His voice was thick. “Because God Ra sired you, you have come. Because you raise the Nile annually, you arrive. Because the Nile grants us life too beautiful to die, you continue.”
Staring into Khufu’s eyes, Mehi glimpsed a blackness both lush and vast. It was the black of closed eyes where afterglow danced, or the black of home where loved ones slept, or the black of night where falling stars streaked. 
The God-king bolted up, his feet fixed wide. Even at rest he seemed active. His muscles pulsed. Or was it the rush of blood engorging his flesh? How majestic. How like a human lion.
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.” The louder Mehi screamed, the clearer he heard the others’ screams.
Thick-legged Khufu paraded alone in the court. He unfastened his skirt, revealing a loincloth, no different than the one Mehi wore. ”Khufu.” He marched up to the boundary stone that indicated his Heb-Sed, a rite that embodied the first God-kings’ circuiting of the White Wall in Hituptah—Egypt’s first capital—and, with it, prove that his physique retained God Ra’s magic.
Eyes fierce, the God-king started at a trot. His cheeks shook with his footfalls. Damp footprints trailed him. Circuiting inside the colonnade in heat swelled by the cramped bodies, Khufu’s sweat flowed. At each increase of speed, the audience’s breaths pitched higher. He leaned forward. Gods bent toward him. Mehi’s breath surged hot in and out of his lungs, rasping his tongue and lips. His heartbeat rapped in rhythm to Khufu’s quickening strides. Sweat swamped both of them like the Inundation. As the wet God-king crossed alternately into sunlight between columns and into the shade behind, he flashed bright then dark then bright. Like day into night into day … 
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu” pummeled the pillars and floor. Citizens punched the air or grappled neighbors. The chant outside thundered from a crowd that must now number in the tens of thousands. 
The God-king sprang at full bloom, his testament of granting Egypt life. He approached and passed the citizens and Mehi. Mehi jumped and jumped, drawing up those so jammed onto him that they also left their feet.
In his final arc completing the circle, Khufu unfurled his arms like a falcon taking flight, causing Mehi to sense himself rising from the ground like God Ra escaping the Underworld. The God-king passed the end boundary stone.
Anthems of “New Khufu, New Egypt,” too massive for the temple, cascaded into Mehi’s bones and gut. He felt them as much as heard them. 
Vizier Ka’ab came forth. “As the sun is reborn at dawn, the Netri power is reborn in God-king Khufu. Not mortal man, but magical god.”
“New, new, Khufu, Egypt.”
Settling into a shaft of sunlight in the Heb-Sed’s center, shining Khufu showed a palm that silenced the cheers. His words throbbed like a chorus of bass harps. “On this our dawn, I ensure plentiful water to soothe the skin and wet the lovers’ kiss. Crops will grow in numbers to rival the stars. O, all who do obeisance to God-king Khufu shall receive water and comfort, cattle and warmth, bread and love.” Khufu then smacked the back of his hand, cracking an alarm across the temple. “And you shall do for me everything I command, wherever I go. If I am reviled, then God Ra will be reviled, for I descend from God Ra. I am the Horus, the living god.”
“New, new.”
Mehi glanced at Ptah-Du-Au. The High-priest, face grim, did not watch Khufu but instead surveyed the commoners. His eyes passed coldly over Mehi. Shutting down a shiver, Mehi re-focused on Khufu and with a wrecked voice sang, “Our twin rising, you and me.”
Vizier Ka’ab draped his father with the green satin cape of fertility. Khufu mounted the dais’s three steps, cape unfurling along the limestone. Motionless a moment, he then swiveled around to the citizens. 
“Khufu, Egypt.”
To Mehi, Khufu arose on earth but stood in heaven, his flesh gold, bones silver, eyes bearing sun and moon. “Your love kisses away mortal pain from me. The god on earth is peace.”
The God-king assumed his place upon the throne.
Arms waving, citizens howled, “New, New.” Most wept. 
While the regional Gods cleared Their throats, preparing to offer Their homage to the God-king and to receive land grants from him, God-king Khufu gazed over his citizens. Just then, for one second, one ecstatic second, Khufu’s eyes held Mehi’s eye. Mehi was positive of it. It felt like sunlight and mercy. His bones warming, evaporating the muck of his brother’s pre-dawn ambush, Mehi’s heart buoyed feather-light. Certainly Khufu had exorcised his guilt. Blessed mercy. About to leap up and shout his redeemer’s name, Mehi heard, “Ptah.”
Five feet from Mehi, a young man breached the cordon. He raged toward the God-king. A guard’s spear whirred past his ear.
“Ptah.”
God and commoner gasped. Mehi’s heart twisted. The young man swung a copper chisel above his head, charging at Khufu and screeching, “Ptah created the world and me.” No one else made a sound. Khufu reared on his throne. Vizier Ka’ab and a second prince launched onto the floor to cut off the attacker. A third prince on a cane limped after. “Ptah created the world.” Gods tore off Their masks. Just behind the attacker, the vizier chased. Mehi’s body strained, willing the vizier to run faster. “Ptah.” Marking the attacker closing on the dais, guards slackened their grips on their spears. In the lost restraint, citizens tumbled to the floor. “Ptah.” The young man reached the dais. He hopped onto it, aiming the chisel’s point at Khufu’s chest. “Ptah.” Khufu crouched, crossing his arms to deflect the blow. Ka’ab from the floor clutched the attacker’s knees and yanked his feet from beneath him. Falling, chisel swinging wildly, the attacker curled toward Ka’ab and then banged down in sitting position on the dais. Vizier Ka’ab poised motionless. 
The second prince grabbed the attacker’s feet and wrenched him off the dais. 
Mehi saw crimson gleam along the chisel’s eight inches. He searched with hope for any wound on the attacker. As the second prince and the attacker wrestled on the floor, Vizier Ka-ab slammed onto his back beside them. Blood coursed from a gash across his breast. Mehi flung out his hand to stop the bleeding.
Citizens slapped their faces or fell to their knees, their wails echoing throughout the temple. Mehi’s palms itched, his eyes burned. Despite his knees locking, he wanted to run, somewhere.
The attacker cocked his weapon again—above the prince. Khufu bounded from the dais and grasped the attacker’s wrist. With a short jerk, Khufu snapped the bone. The chisel clanged onto the stone floor. Fingers at the attacker’s throat, Khufu lifted him from the floor before casting him to the guards. Khufu then collapsed to his knees, gathering Ka-ab in his arms.
Vivid against the white limestone, the vizier’s blood oozed without direction or purpose. He didn’t move except to slump deeper into his father’s arms. Khufu slipped an arm from behind his son. He gaped at blood on his hand.
Citizens hurled curses at the attacker and prayers to the vizier and God-king. Guards fought against their surging. The side of a spear bashed Mehi’s thigh and knocked him to his knees. From the limestone, darkness chilled his bones as if Ammit, devourer of hearts that sinned against ma’at, rose over him. The assassin had emerged from Mehi’s midst like the tomb-robber had emerged from his family. 
He struggled up to see High-priest Ptah-Du-Au rotate and amble off—the first and only to leave. 
Mehi shifted his eyes to his God-king and vizier. 
Cheek on Ka’ab’s chest, Khufu cradled his son and rocked slowly on the limestone. The God-king had fallen in full surrender to mortality. A wretched collapse. This displayed for Mehi the rupture of order between himself and his father. Had the connections between all fathers and sons shattered? Was ma’at in collapse?


Chapter 2
DUEL NIGHT
Through the lavender and turquoise plies of earliest twilight, a southeast wind singed God-king Khufu stalking across his lakeshore. He hunted for an enemy. An enemy with bones to wrench and blood to wring. On his first venture outside his rooms since his first son Ka’ab’s death five days ago, the God-king prowled up the inlet, ducking under a eucalyptus tree and peering into the teal water. There, he divined his enemy. Beneath papyrus sedge and shuffling shadow, twelve feet of knobbed hide quivered the water. Only the beast’s eyes, vacant and dire, breached the surface. 
“Don’t eye me as your dinner yet, devil.” Khufu’s voice struck him as strange. These were his first words since holding up a bloody thumb at the Heb-Sed and asking his dead son, “Is this your blood or mine?”
Khufu flung a willow’s drooping limb from his face. Crouching into a wrestler’s pose, he edged around the animal to his right and into the knee-high rushes. The crocodile slapped its snout on the water. “Mark your territory all you wish. Egypt is mine.”
Khufu feinted toward the beast. It erupted through the water, teeth sawing at him. Khufu drew back just beyond its snout. As it crashed down, the God-king poised and then timed a jump over its snapping jaws. He landed on the beast’s bony back and wheeled around, reaching for its throat and windpipe. Khufu squeezed into the bulk.
The crocodile whipped its head side-to-side, sour breath blasting, teeth clacking at Khufu. It thrashed to throw him off.
“Do you defend children too?”
He’d allowed disaster upon his Ka’ab, his first child, fathered when he and Queen Meritates still loved. Love shared by the children of Gods. The only two such beings on earth. That perfection they expressed in Ka’ab. Now love and Ka’ab had vanished.
When holed up in his rooms, Khufu had believed he could, by ceasing to move, slow Time itself and its rushing of him ever farther from his son; many such miracles took place in ancient stories. He would not again kiss Ka’ab’s cheek, share with him decisions of State or grow older with another being born to be king. Khufu questioned whether tears or blood weighed heavier in him.
But, at the year’s beginning, Egypt required Khufu not as a grieving father but as its God-king, to impress his magic upon the Nile so it would rise sufficiently high to again irrigate Egypt and preserve her from desert and chaos. For this, duly, Khufu had torn himself from his rooms like a crocodile ripping flesh from its kill.
The beast ran. Khufu held on. Across the shore tide, the animal’s webbed feet setting off sounds of suckling mud, Khufu’s arms pulsed with the animal’s heartbeats. By them, he better sensed his own speeding heartbeat. Once at full gallop, the crocodile keeled and pounded Khufu’s back against the shore. His spine drew whorls in the mud as his eyes turned up to see the sunset inflame with copper and gold.
Yes. My Egypt. Silk and honey.
At the reptile’s throat, Khufu’s fingers strained until they were shaking. 
The crocodile righted itself and turned to scramble toward deep water. It would try to take Khufu underwater and drown him there.
His arms and thighs binding around the animal’s girth, Khufu slammed his feet into the shore, his last strength wresting the animal back. The crocodile’s snout angled up and its back bent. It twisted, tail slapping wildly. Sharpening his chokehold, Khufu dug in his brittle fingers, ache grinding up to his shoulders.
The beast’s bucking broke down. It slumped, ebbed, stilled.
Khufu whooped so loud his head stung.
The sting gave way to the animal’s death throes that shuddered into his bones. But for his fury, even as its final spasms sickened his gut, Khufu drew out of his tunic a dagger, bared the edge to the beast’s neck and sawed it down to the gurgling gullet.
He released the beast as lifeless as a log.
Rank with the crocodile’s scum, his heart and lungs smarting, Khufu saw not the beast floating away, but his son Ka’ab. Ka’ab’s blood spouted beneath him while the crimson sunset spewed down on him. Khufu couldn’t speak but his mind cried out. His fingers gripped and re-gripped empty air. If only he could strangle that part of himself that lived this father’s misery.
Khufu staggered onto firmer shore and then the granite quay. Twilight stained the air blue.
His killing the crocodile had been not a victory of man over beast, but a pathetic display of anger. A descent into mortality. His humanity trampling his divinity. That abandonment of Egypt he could not permit himself again. During his morning rituals, Khufu bowed before statues of Gods including one of himself as the God-king. As a mortal, he was the god’s lesser twin. As a god, he must submerge his human father’s emotions like red sharks under an azure sea. This was ma’at, the just order of things. Existence depended upon it. As God-king, he was the Lord of Ma’at. It was his covenant with the Gods.
When in view of his palace—the Per-O—God-king Khufu probed himself for magic. His magic to raise the Inundation. His God-king’s duty. In each of his reign’s seventeen years, he’d pictured his magic inside him as a blue lotus bursting through topsoil and opening as the sun.
Now, all that Khufu found were tears. A sodden salt.
He knelt and slapped the flat of his hand on the lake surface. “Erupt. Live again. Erupt.”
Only tears. 
In the darkening lapis of late twilight, Khufu looked up the lake’s canal toward the Nile. His brow knotted. “Sun God Ra battles through every night to rise at every dawn. Why am I wallowing in this slack pond?”
The God-king jumped up. Fingers in spasms, he shouted, “We go to the pyramid.”

While Khufu stalked his lakeshore in earliest twilight, tepi m’sheru, Mehi wandered the Nile shoreline that was as dry as a mummy’s skin. He cast his memory for a time before Vizier Ka’ab’s death and his drop into the tomb-robber’s pit.
Last night, for the fifth time, Mehi had dreamt of scarlet firelight in which men struck copper chisels against granite walls. Breaking through, they blundered across the granite floor to the sarcophagus, shoved off its lid, snatched out the corpse and stripped away its gold scarabs. To further light the tomb and see other treasure, they set the corpse on fire. Gods, the horrid stink.
Why am I the responsible son?
Ma’at had placed Horemheb at the head of his family. Mehi was only a son. What could a son do? The robbers would complete the tunnel and break in to the tomb in as few as twenty days.
A breeze swished shoreline papyrus reeds as tall as three of him. Behind them, children giggled as they played in the water. He heard one shaking a sesheshet back and forth. Without thinking, Mehi parted stems in the papyrus tuft, wriggled through the gap and hopped into the water. As a group, the seven children paused only a moment at his sudden emergence. He immediately began splashing and laughing with them. Their whoops and handclaps embraced him as warmly as the water. When a child, Mehi had played like this with his friend Mu, swimming, splashing, floating in the Inundation’s rising waters. 
Then, with an odd wobble in his heart, Mehi felt the water go cold. He heard claps of flesh against flesh—the sounds of his father beating his brother. In the bog, his feet stuck and his eyes clamped shut, Mehi sensed a slap against him, his face burning. Over the last several days, his father had slapped and slugged Sebek more than ever. During these beatings, Mehi would shut his eyes but couldn’t shut his ears. His bones seemed to petrify in place while his spirit spread out around Sebek to shield his brother from— 
—children screamed, shrill and panicked.
Moments passed before Mehi could re-focus himself on where he stood in the water. Turning, he could just see, twenty yards out, a boy bobbing downstream. The children yelled that something had hit his head. Doubting he’d get to the boy, Mehi dove in.
Despite the low river, currents below the surface flung him, surprising him with their power, trussing his arms to his chest. He rotated to free them and pushed himself above the surface for a breath. Waves plowed into him. Through water lashing his face, he saw the boy. Bobbing doll-like. Ten yards ahead. Keeping his eye on the boy, Mehi paddled like a cow, drawing closer. Whitecaps spit into his mouth and his nose.
His heart pounding with the waves, Mehi swam harder. His shoulders strained, his arms weakened. Close now, he stretched for the boy. He missed once, twice. On the fifth try he grasped the boy’s hand. Mehi pulled the arm toward him like a rope and, when close enough, hugged the boy to him.
Lurching in the currents, he pushed up the boy so his mouth was above the waves. With the other arm, Mehi paddled toward shore, wrestling with the dark water. He and the boy barely inched toward shore as they swept down river. Face hot, shoulders aching, Mehi fought against panic. He began to sink.
Desperate for any forward motion, Mehi ducked his head under the rapids and kicked, stroking with one arm while still propping up the boy with the other. Dizzy, he surfaced, lungs mad for air. Then he plunged again and stroked, sucked breath, plunged and stroked. After some minutes, Mehi submerged with no control. His shoulders and arms had no strength, no will. He drifted. A strange warmth steeped through him. The Nile caressed him. Visions of days laughing with Mu in the Inundation tumbled in his mind. How easy to submit.
The long gasp of air that forced itself into his lungs seemed distant from him. Had he and the boy just nearly drowned? Mu’s frenzied voice told him, “Do something.” A fire set in his heart.
Holding the boy atop him, Mehi kicked like a frog. If he could just get a bit more out of himself. Bones in his face throbbed. His vision clouded. 
He couldn’t give up.
On his knees, he felt the scrape of gravel. He looked up to see he’d closed on shore. Mehi tried to stand. His legs and back cramped. Still, his soles clamped on solid river bottom.
Hoisting the boy to his shoulders, he three times stumbled, gulping water, coughing. On his fourth try, he balanced on the riverbed and lumbered forward. Rigid as bricks, he yielded the boy to the shore and flopped down alongside him.
By their yelling he heard the children come toward him. His head weighed too much to lift. Then, someone—the mother he later understood—smacked at the boy’s limbs and chest. The boy came to, crying. 
The mother said to Mehi, “You saved my boy. You’re a hero.”
Mehi waved his hand. “No, no.” He’d jumped in because he’d had no other choice.
“You are. You went in without hesitating. Thank you, thank you, thank you.” She put her palm atop her breast. “Oh, my heart’s beating so hard.” The mother stood with her child clinging to her. “Thank you.” Bouncing her son in her arms and nearly skipping, she ran off, the children following.
Mehi wasn’t a hero, but the mother’s admiration warmed him. His scarlet nightmare seemed to slough from his eyes and limbs. In its place, a sense of stability coursed through his. He began to wonder if he could prevent his father from completing his terrible sin against Egypt. Would Horemheb listen to his son?
More children ran by toward the water. Mehi realized something else he wanted. In the late twilight lapis, he stood and headed to Khufu’s pyramid.

“Ptah.”
Guards hadn’t let Anhur sleep since the Heb-Sed so many days ago. They hadn’t fed him. His stomach and mind gnarled, but he breathed joy. He had ravaged the royal family. And they wanted his secrets about High-priest Ptah-Du-Au. Anhur wouldn’t tell them anything.
“Ptah.”
They had restrained him to the limestone floor in Annu’s House of Justice. Leaving his broken right wrist to dangle, they’d roped his left forearm to his right thigh. Anhur was sure when they restarted tonight they’d yank off his fingernails, gouge out his eyes and scrape flesh from his bones. He’d be bright red in the dark blue night. He must tell them nothing. Not one thing.
A guard’s wooden rod cracked on Anhur’s forehead. His eyes must have closed. 
“Ptah.” Nothing.
The two princes entered again. Anhur spit. The guard rapped his head twice. “Enough,” Hordedef, the one with the limp, told the guard. The princes came up.
“Ptah.”
Shaf, the nasty prince, folded his arms and sneered down. “Sesh. Just like all day and every day.”
Hordedef swung his hand back toward a guard and collected a plate of roasted beef. “You must care for something to eat?” The prince passed the dish under Anhur’s nose. It smelled of heaven. No. No taste must enter his mouth except “Ptah.” His spittle sprayed Hordedef’s face.
As the guard jerked his rod, Hordedef held him back. He wiped his face and squatted down to Anhur’s level. “Merely tell us what we need to—”
“Ptah.”
“We believe someone encouraged you to act against the royal family.”
“Ptah.”
“If you remain unfriendly—“
“Ptah, Ptah, Ptah, Ptah, Ptah, Ptah.”
Biting his lower lip, Hordedef wheeled away. Anhur grinned at the prince’s frustration.
Shaf thrust his face below his brother’s nose. “Let me at him.”
Hordedef shook his head.
Shaf said, “How many days will we listen to him yell ‘Ptah’ at us? It was you alone who supported Khufu’s mad arrogance to allow commoners into the temple.”
“This king, our father, is keen to be unprecedented.”
“Yes, and to reestablish order we must ensure this scorpion acted alone. You said it yourself.”
Hordedef tensed.
“It’s time for my method. What else is there?”
Standing up, Prince Hordedef smoothed his tunic. “Go.”
Shaf pivoted and grinned at Anhur.
Anhur shivered.
His smile curling, Shaf drew a silver knife from his waist cinch. He leveled its blade under his eyes to mirror his dark stare at the prisoner, then drawing closer until there was space between their eyes for only the blade. Shaf pressed the knife edge against the prisoner’s skin, enough to slice a thin streak of pain. “Feel how sharp, not like that crude tool you used against the vizier of Egypt. Without a nose, you won’t smell your stink. And,” Shaf flicked the knife’s point at Anhur’s right ear, “if slime like you don’t listen, no need for ears, correct?” 
Anhur’s stomach rippled. Blood began to drip from his nose and ear. A sound like that of rushing water filled his ears. Anhur only squeaked “Ptah” this time. 
At that, Hordedef stepped forward. “Wait, Shaf.”
Shaf grunted but moved to one side while twirling the blade for Anhur to continue watching.
Hordedef leaned down. He put his hand on Anhur’s shoulder and searched his eyes. “Won’t you at least tell us your name?”
Anhur looked up, wet his lips. “Amony.” Oh, no. He’d told them his real name. Not even the name Ptah-Du-Au gave him. He’d fouled his mission with his unclean family name. No, no, no. His heart seemed to squeal like a stuck pig. He saw Shaf’s knife. He opened his mouth.
Hordedef shouted, “The knife.”
Anhur rammed his tongue down on the blade, splitting it with a whip of his head. Hordedef pulled Anhur away who growled in pain. His tongue, dangling from his mouth, gushed blood and garbled his screams.
Two other princes, twins, ran in. “Djedi’s with the King at the palace. Bring him here.” One twin rushed out.
“Open his mouth.” Hordedef ripped a strip from his tunic. “He’ll drown.” When Shaf pried open Anhur’s jaws, Hordedef stuffed the linen around the bleeding. But blood still gushed.
“That won’t work,” Shaf said. “Here.” He removed the rag, grasped the end of Anhur’s tongue and ripped the last strands holding it. Anhur screamed again. “He wasn’t talking anyway.” Shaf tossed the tongue down. Anhur watched it scrawl red exclamations across the white limestone. Hordedef and Shaf clamped the rag on the spurting wound, blood up their forearms.
Anhur didn’t know he could hurt more than when his parents left him alone. But he’d brought on this pain himself. He was in control. Could the princes hear his God of Tongue’s passion flowing from his mouth? 
Ptah-Du-Au was safe. Anhur laughed.

When Mehi entered the Giza site two hours later, the stars and first-quarter moon lustered him in the indigo night as it did the pyramid. A half-mile ahead, the pyramid’s present shape—top flat and sloping sides—resembled a mastaba tomb. Dread sank through Mehi; his father might be, at that moment, fouling the noble’s mastaba. Mehi fought the dread by focusing on this tomb, the pyramid. From the southeast, Mehi saw its earthen ramps entangling it as if nature meant to re-claim it. Nothing but the supernatural could. Eighteen years in construction—one-third its planned height at one hundred eighty feet—the God-king’s pyramid imposed its power like a God’s hammer. It would hammer here always. And always would. 
The glory of Khufu my God-king. 
It struck Mehi that only from the meager view of a moment could the quarter moon or half pyramid be seen as partial. When he allowed his mind to meld all moments into united Time, he accepted the pyramid and moon as continual progressions, proceeding as surely as the Nile and God Ra. For them, there were no moments. Their attaining mature glory was merely a facet of the ever-approaching future. Thinking this, Mehi began to realize that these royal processions suggested a path for him that would eventually repay for his father’s crime. First, he would join a pyramid crew. There he would sacrifice the love, sweat and exhaustion of his legs, back and heart and reach at the summit the redemption of his family.
For two years, one pyramid foreman after another had rejected Mehi as too small. To build up his legs and shoulders for this construction season, he had for several months tied larger and larger boulders to his waist and dragged them up and down desert dunes. This season, Mehi couldn’t let the foreman, tell him “No.”
To Mehi’s left stood the gate of a six-hundred-foot-long wall through which lucky workers passed into the sacred pyramid site. On this side of the wall stretched the pyramid’s support town of butchers, brewers, bakers, potters, fish gutters and craftsmen. Mehi stopped at the gate house and explained that he wanted to see a foreman about joining a crew. Though the guards often turned him away, this one seemed eager for Mehi to enter. Maybe Mehi could even join the same team his friends Kenna and Pabes worked on.
Mehi moved onto the main street, paved in clay. More workers than Mehi expected filled the meal galleries. Few if any of the year-round craftsmen had retired to the barracks. Most men carried unlit torches. Mehi didn’t stop to ask why.
He found a foreman, sitting with several others, slapping roasted beef on his tongue.
Mehi blurted, “I am ready to join your team.” Before the foreman could answer, Mehi rushed on, “When I see the pyramid, I see it finished with its gold capstone and polished limestone facing shining like heaven. Every one of its stones fit together like fingers in a fist but it depicts sunlight, sunlight angling through clouds, crystal-like and heavenly.” He closed his eyes to avoid seeing the foreman express any discouragement. “Compared to the pyramid, we are as frail as ants but we create it. Because it protects our God-king’s in eternity, it protects us forever. Our ecstasy is Egypt’s heart, the God-king’s tomb, Khufu’s and Egypt’s eternity. Mehi panted, but he had finished. “I’m strong and ready.” 
The foreman and the others laughed. Mehi opened his eyes. He’d said foolishness.
“Slow down, boy. You can work here.”
Mehi wasn’t sure what he’d heard.
“You’ve come on the right night. You can start working straight away.”
Mehi would have jumped up and down if it wouldn’t have appeared childish in front of the foreman. I am on the God-king’s pyramid.
“Tonight we will cheer up the mourning King. Ever think about being a star?”
Mehi had no idea what the foreman meant, but cheering God-king Khufu was all he wanted.

From his felucca in the Nile’s midnight indigo, Khufu watched the Milky Way and the quarter moon reflect on his pyramid’s east face. He held out his arms at the angle of the pyramid’s faces and welcomed the heavenly light upon him. While the river buffeted the felucca, he imagined the flexing Inundation heft barley, onion and melon from deep in the ground. Feeding his people.
He laughed—nearly. Had his sorrow as a father depleted his God’s magic? Was the Nile rising suitably? 
At the wharf, Prince Hordedef greeted his father by kissing the ground. When standing again, he clasped his hands to the outsides of Khufu’s shoulders. The now eldest prince possessed a melancholy pallor. The sweep of his face from overbite to high cheekbones suggested a feline delicacy. And, his leg. Hordedef had adapted to his defect so well that no one could be certain which leg he favored. Except Khufu. Like Osiris and Isis who created their perfect child Horus, Khufu and Meritates had created their one perfect child in Ka’ab. When their love died, hadn’t mangled Hordedef come?
The knowledge that he had caused his son’s imperfection gripped his heart like a sweating fist. So, he focused on Hordedef’s eyes that gleamed like black faience. Earlier today the prince had persisted in interrupting Khufu’s grieving to beg his father to inspect the pyramid site.
Khufu considered that his grief might be nullifying his magic. And no doubt further confounding his insides, to replace Ka’ab as vizier he had to choose between sons: Prince Hordedef, at twenty-four years of age, the elder and therefore the traditional heir, and Prince Shaf, the more physically suitable.
Hordedef’s bodyguard helped him down to kiss the earth. The thousands of workers knelt down with him and then rose to cheer prayers and wave to their God-king.
When carried on his palanquin from the felucca toward the pyramid, Khufu foresaw himself as his mummy united with his ka during its funeral procession, citizens from every province weeping on the stone. Khufu’s grin pushed his cheeks toward his ears.
At the pyramid’s base, father and son dismounted their palanquins. Hordedef held up a strip of satin. “Sire, will you indulge me?”
“You would blindfold the God-king?”
“While I escort him on an ascent to the stars.”
“Let’s ascend, son.”
Hordedef tied satin over his father’s eyes, setting him in darkness. Khufu felt his son put one arm in his.
Commencing up each level or course of stones in the pyramid like steps, Khufu winced at the sound of his son’s shamble of scrape, pause and step. They climbed toward the pyramid’s current summit, the ninety-fifth course—Khufu imagined it with its completed two hundred courses. Their linen gowns flapped in the northern breeze that carried up the workers’ chants of “Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
Hordedef halted them both. He removed the blindfold and then turned Khufu around. “Behold.”
The God-king opened his eyes to a bewildering panorama of stars. Like countless grains of salt tossed and sunlit before his eyes, he saw more stars than he thought were possible. As far north, east, south and west as he could scan, stars blazed above and, amazingly, below him. They glinted red, yellow, green. Heaven in pageant. Gods had elevated Khufu to the Celestial Nile.
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
Relieved of the Earth, the God-king streamed light from his limbs, eyes and phallus over all Egypt, horizon to horizon. This was the magic of the first Gods. The perfect ma’at of their thirteen thousand years on Earth now radiated from him.
Yes. Yes. Yes. The Inundation ... I feel it rising.
Sinews tingling, Khufu gradually made sense of the lights. Tens of thousands of workers carried flaming torches. The God-king said to Hordedef, “You arranged this.”
“They looked forward to it.”
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
Absorbing what lay before him, Khufu meditated: Hordedef is supreme in organizing this spectacle. Still, his body cannot summon the Inundation as the God-king for these good people must. He is not the promise that Ka’ab was.
Was.
Khufu’s resurging tears stung his eyes. He squeezed them back. He took the torch from Hordedef who retreated into shadow.
Prince Shaf might not possess Hordedef’s ideas for improving Egypt, but he was lively and shrewd. His body was not so broken as to spill the divine magic that Khufu would bequeath to him. How great must a God-king be to protect his million children of Egypt?
The workers’ cry of “Khufu” broke like thunder, stamping his name into the landscape.
Their God-king thrust his torch forward, saluting them. 
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
He decided who must be vizier and become the next God-king.

Just past midnight, hours after joining in the privilege to help build Khufu’s pyramid, Mehi understood the foreman’s comment about his becoming a star. Like so many lights in the heavens, he and thousands of workers held up torchlight to his God-king perched upon the pyramid’s highest course. God-king Khufu reflected back from his place in the Celestial Nile of the infinite sky. Mehi’s body seemed buoyant as if in water. He chanted o cheer his God-king.
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
And as a pyramid builder, he was as responsible for Egypt as any Egyptian, even as much, in his way, as the God-king. Honoring Mehi this way, the Gods had elevated him. He could do something for Egypt. He’d do his part as an honorable citizen of the great God-king Khufu.
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
Like a granite block setting into place in the pyramid, a second step to redeem his family occurred to Mehi. He determined that he would stop his father.

Some small hour after midnight in the desert east of Annu, blackness swallowed the criminal Anhur. Face up, ropes tied to four stakes splayed each limb. Twenty yards away, the guard sat nodding before a dwindling fire. Out of the blackness, a figure in silken robes crawled toward the killer. The figure clamped a hand over Anhur’s mouth, waking him. His eyes shot open wide like those of a trapped cat. Cutting the binds with a knife, the figure then drew Anhur away on the scratching sand.


Chapter 3
ASSASSINATIONS IN SUNSHINE
Twenty-five days after Mehi determined to stop his father, dawn scalded his will. Hot ache had chased him from his original post at the head of the alley to just outside his home since he began his vigil at first light an hour ago. Because his father and the others would, according to Sebek, break into the tomb any day, Mehi couldn’t back up any farther.
Steadying his back on his home’s courtyard wall, Mehi felt two of his mother’s lessons from the “Instructions of Wisdom” clash in his heart like warring insects. “Do not quarrel with the hot-headed man because a fire starts there as in straw” and “Truth and justice are inherited from one’s father” had not clashed when he’d first learned them, repeating the lessons with which his mother had prompted him so that he’d “gain success and esteem in Egyptian society.” But if Mehi didn’t owe to his God-king the stopping of his father, he would have exited the battlefield.
Sunlight skewered Mehi when he saw his father tramping through the alley shadows. He was caked in black mud as if the night itself had spit him out. When but a body length away, Horemheb finally slapped eyes on his son. Mehi reminded himself to breathe. He coughed up the sentence he’d rehearsed for hours, “You and I … must talk.”
“I’m for bed.”
Mehi thought of his mother’s loneliness. “The marriage bed.”
“What? I don’t want to talk.”
You never want to talk. “I know why you’re tired. It’s not from gambling.”
“Get out of my way.”
Mehi knew that tone. He feared his father’s hand in the next second cracking against his jaw. But he spurred himself to keep talking; he had his duty to a larger father. “I was there, Father. In the hole—the tunnel. You have to stop.”
Horemheb stiffened for a second. Then his hand flashed out and snatched his son by the throat. He slammed back Mehi’s head against the courtyard wall. Mehi saw light sparks as numerous as stars, just like his God-king had ten evenings before. When he opened his eyes, his father’s face loomed up close but out of focus. Horemheb was finishing a sentence Mehi hadn’t heard begin.
“—you’re man enough?”
Mehi smelled rotting clay and old sweat on his father. “If you stopped the others from actually breaking into the tomb, the Per-O officials will take pity on you.”
“Pity?” His father pushed his nose to Mehi’s. “You think I need their pity?”
“I mean, they’ll be lenient. They won’t cut off your nose or ears.”
“I reared a fool.”
“If you’re caught, what will happen to Mother?”
“Horemheb!” Mehi’s mother stood outside their gate, clutching her shawl around her.
His father dropped his clamp on Mehi’s throat. The fingers’ impressions remained. Horemheb grunted and turned heel.
From atop the roof, Sebek yelled, loud enough for neighbors up and down the alley to hear, “Father, there will be a reward for you. You don’t know who will turn you in.”
Horemheb glared and struck out his finger at his eldest son. “You’ll pay for that, boy. You know it.” He then tramped away.
Khety questioned Mehi with her large black eyes. He couldn’t tell her that her husband was a tomb-robber.
“Mehi.” When he looked up, his brother hissed, “He’s after you now too. How’s it feel?”
Mehi’s knees wobbled. Would he be his father’s target? Would he harden and darken like his brother? Mehi’s meager attempt to stop his father had resulted in nothing. He braced his knees and straightened his back. He needed to clear his mind and regain his strength before he returned to the pyramid to work.
Mehi knew of one place to do that.

Foot on the lead punt’s bow, God-king Khufu inhaled the marsh-at-dawn perfume of wild lotus and wet roots in the Nile delta. He hunted with select nobles, harem women and seven of his eight children. Only Princess Hentusen had refused his invitation—she favored the Queen’s company. Her refusal was merely the most recent occasion that his heart had shuddered at the gulf between himself and his eldest daughter.
The group’s punts rustled through fifteen-foot high papyrus. Blue lotus mantled the water surface. Sure in his magic—despite last season’s low Inundation and this year’s slow beginning—Khufu sensed what the infant God Ra might have felt when He created himself inside the first blue lotus. For the eighteenth year, Khufu’s magic had certainly raised the Nile like the moon raises a lively woman’s menses.
“My children,” he called behind him to the others, “this, our first gathering since the decree announcing the new vizier, join together and congratulate your brother.” He flourished a hand toward Shaf.
“Shaf,” Hordedef addressed his younger brother from a separate punt, “your elder brother accords you his love, and he anticipates working arm in arm with his beloved younger brother in the nation’s governing. You may expect from him his complete cooperation especially through what might prove discordant for brothers of lesser affection.”
Khufu said, “Be plain, prince.”
“I refer to the selection of vizier,” Hordedef said.
“Brother,” Shaf said with a smirk, “you’re not saying much to me.” One or two of the brothers skittered laughter.
“Indeed, Shaf ... Vizier Shaf. I merely want you to know that your duties will not be discomfited should it be in my power to prevent it.”
“Hordedef, I thank you, yet I doubt I shall require your aid. Nor is your blessing well considered. I planned for our father to select me—the proper prince.” Shaf smiled to his younger brothers. But while they fell silent, Khufu snorted a laugh. He cut it short when he saw the pain in Hordedef’s eyes. The prince’s mouth opened but words only gurgled in his throat. 
The God-king remembered a second tribute. “Tu, and give congratulations to your brother Merhet as well. He has claimed a wife. He is the last prince to give his God-king grandchildren.”
The other princes, eyes wide, turned to their brother. The two on Merhet’s punt hooted and clapped his back, rocking the shallow boat. “Who is the unlucky woman?”
Merhet’s little smile curled his little mouth. “Pebatma is from Hituptah.”
Khufu saw Merhet’s twin Heru scarcely managing to speak his congratulations. When Heru married, he had settled his wife into the palace’s family wing but maintained his suite adjacent to Merhet’s. His twin brother’s secret engagement must seem to him like a betrayal.
“About Hituptah,” Shaf said, “has anyone else heard that High-priest Ptah-Du-Au is dying?”
Hordedef waved a hand. “Rumors about the High-priest are forever in the air.”
“It’s no rumor. He’s ready for the embalmer.”
“You seem certain, Shaf. We’ve received no word from the Ptah Temple.”
Shaf’s eyes shifted. Then a smug smile creased his face. “A vizier naturally comprehends such matters. You, Hordedef, no vizier yourself, would not.”
Hordedef scowled.
“Ptah-Du-Au has been a thorn in our side,” said Prince Khemtatef.
Prince Dedephor said, “Or to be more precise, he’s been a goose with fangs.” 
Jaw gritted, Hordedef predicted, “He’ll bestow his hate on the next High-priest. Doubtless Siptah.”
Vizier Shaf’s face sparked. “Hordedef, so pessimistic. Your inability to prove that the regicide attempt and killing of Ka’ab—not to mention the assassin’s later escape—was the doing of Ptah-Du-Au’s sticks in your throat, doesn’t it?” Shaf grinned.
Hordedef squared his shoulders toward his brother. 
“Enough, sons,” said Khufu.
The men returned to spearing the water for mullet and barbel while the women plucked lotus flowers or speared for whiskered catfish. Khufu’s hawk-like eyes darted to his right where orange butterflies around the papyrus dodged purple swamp hens. Before him, an eagle sliced like a spear into the water, sprang out of the splash, catfish wriggling in its beak, and soared into clouds that resembled white elephants diving across the sky. Seeing an approaching flock of ducks, Khufu cocked his right arm and hurled his throw-stick. It whirred in the air and caught a duck at its neck. After downing another, he aimed not to strike but to watch his throw-sticks arcing as another flyer in the flock.
“Delicious,” Khufu said, slapping his belly. “Princes, let’s hunt.”
The royal men fetched bows and arrows, and then dropped like seeds into the warm water. Hordedef’s bodyguard and friend Hartese paused in his whistling to assist the prince.
In water up to their thighs, the men ducked beneath the starburst tops of papyrus. They lost sight of one another and fell quiet.
“Hippo!” Merhet cried out.
The others cheered as they splashed through the water toward the lumbering beast. Khufu remained apart, listening to his sons’ howls, each eager to bring down the animal.
Their bellows dwindled across the glade, abandoning Khufu to calm.
Upon Khufu’s legs, water stilled. Doves and pigeons nestled again in the thicket, murmuring with smaller life. He listened to his lungs’ easy undulation and settled his legs and feet into the bog. His toes kneaded the velvety moss. Solitary in the wild, Khufu welcomed the muted world around him as he occupied his portion of it. No longer God-king but a human animal, wet and vital, robust and silent, he reposed in a moment that lengthened like the stride of an antelope loping across a plain. The sun arched on without him. Past and future drifted away like clouds freed by a breeze. He sensed no difference in the temperature of his thighs and the water slipping upon them. He felt that his body had dispersed into the Inundation itself. He connected to his Egypt.

Behind God-king Khufu, a shadowed figure eased between papyrus clumps. First left, then right, it glided. Water barely purled. The figure crouched and halted ten feet from the God-king. Inside a ring of papyrus tufts, Khufu stood, silent, alone. The figure brought up a bow and set an arrow. Between the green flowers on the papyrus stems, the arrow pointed. It pointed at God-king Khufu. The bow drew back. 

The reeds surrounding the God-king began to hiss, chilly and hollow—a crocodile’s hiss? A warrior’s delight rose in Khufu’s muscles; he was eager to battle beast against beast. 
He re-scanned his senses. No ... No animal could stalk here without more sound. Something lurks here. Someone.
The water now lapped cold along Khufu’s thighs. The air idled. Silence enclosed him like a net. Too quiet.
What is this stealing my reverie? Come at me.
Khufu’s face inflamed. He glowered at the rushes imposing themselves, billowing at him.
The twang of a bowstring cracked the silence.
An arrow zipped past Khufu’s ear. He bolted backward, twisting, almost falling. In that instant, he saw in the water an image of a gray face plastered on a gray skull. His image. Staring empty-eyed back at him. He wrenched away from his death mask.
The God-king crouched, awaiting a second arrow. None came.
“Enemy.” Khufu charged the reeds and ripped at them with his hands. He puffed and kicked up water like a wounded bull. “Where is my peace? Where?”
In the distance, the hunting party shouted alarm. They signaled their return to Khufu.
“Who are you, Enemy?” How do I save ma’at when you wreak chaos? “Show yourself.” Khufu’s voice broke in its violence. “Fight me body to body.” Are you immortal too?
Hordedef located Khufu. “Father? Your face. Are you hurt?
“An arrow. Find it.”
As the other princes arrived, the story of the incident repeated in increasing detail.
“After the pass at the animal,” Vizier Shaf said, “I realized that Khufu was not with us.”
Added Prince Merhet, “Your voice brought us here.”
When Hordedef found the arrow—ebony with cemented agate—it proved to belong to the royal party. Hordedef questioned everyone. Accusations about who had left the God-king unguarded flew back and forth.
Khufu didn’t expect that his sons would expose the enemy. No matter who pulled the bow, Gods had cast that arrow. They cast it to warn me: Peace is not for the God-king. Not even in this green heaven. I exist only for my nation. I must not separate myself.
Like setting pyramid stones in place, Khufu adjusted his muscles and mind to re-erect his guise of God-king.

Whenever in doubt, Mehi sought the Nile. Two days after confronting his father, he required a particular spot along the river, a cove he’d deemed his secret sanctuary since he played here as a child, especially with Mu. Named for the purr of a cat, Mu left Mer with her family when he and Mehi were nine. But the cove continued for him as his haven, his temple. The line of acacias along the bank were the obelisks, the two palms that crossed trunks served as the pylon and the river itself figured as his courtyard, shrine and sacred lake.
Before dawn, he saw at the top of the riverbank beneath the crossing palms a monitor lizard, probably hunting for crocodile eggs, on its hind legs looking out to the Nile. As Mehi walked up the six feet, it scurried away under papyrus sedge.
Beneath the pylon palms, Mehi looked out to the Nile. In the spot he had come to enjoy beyond the sedge and low-slung shore, a young woman gazed back at him. Muddy water slipped her tunic up and down her thighs. Sunlight sparkled on the mist lifting about her, blurring her body and chin-length hair. He recognized the woman by her eyes, recessed and dark—his childhood friend Mu. After nine years was her appearance a trick of dawnlight, a devil, or God Set Himself, god of chaos and desert. Maybe Mehi had created her with his need for a memory free of doubt.
Mu motioned for Mehi to join her.
The depth in Mu’s eyes drew him in as if he might find shelter there. As children, they had spent whole days tumbling in the Inundation’s waves. How easy to submit to the Nile’s motions and to Mu. Mehi’s name meant “drowned man,”as his father liked to remind him. 
He jumped into the water.
Mud squeezed between his toes as he waded toward Mu. In her deep-set eyes, Mehi caught a glimmer. Of recognition, mischief, more? And then he was beside her. The river flowed around and between their knees. Her delicate perfume of myrrh mixed with the river’s fragrance of blue lotus and sandstone. Amethyst bracelets clacked on her wrists; she was still a wealthy man’s daughter. This drew Mehi’s alarm. Rich families knew the names of local criminals.
With more words than breath, Mu said, “Do you believe the new year promises blossoms? The waters are mighty at floodtime.”
Mehi had forgotten her raspy voice. Its volume dropped at the ends of her sentences like stones skimming then sinking below the river’s surface. His mother often recited to him the poem Mu quoted. 
The waters are mighty at floodtime
My lover is on yonder side
Though a crocodile waits in the shadows,
I enter the water and brave the waves
The crocodile seems like a mouse to me
“We don’t fear the crocodile,” Mehi agreed.
Their eyes aligned. Her smile shaped a dimple in one cheek. She angled the dimple from Mehi. He resisted the urge to trace his fingers there. “If you’re trying to hide your dimple from me, don’t bother. I know you’re Mu.”
She turned to him and laughed. 
Mehi shivered. Did she already know his family’s crime? No, of course not.
“Oh, if you hadn’t remembered me, the fun I would have had. But I expect I’ll get some. My formal name is An-khi by the way. An, for—”
“—for the antelope God who beautifies the dead, and khi, to rise like the Nile.”
“You know all about Egypt’s stories, I suppose. I chose the name myself.”
“It fits you.” Embarrassed that his parents hadn’t given him a formal name—his mother liked “Mehi” as a title for God Osiris and his father didn’t care—he almost didn’t say, “My name is still Mehi.”
“Didn’t you just have a birthday? New Year’s Day? The God-king’s anniversary too.” 
Mehi grinned. She remembered. She remembered him.
She—An-khi—turned to look south up the river. “It’s good to be home again.”
“You’re living here again?” She wasn’t just visiting. Mehi could barely keep himself still.
“The Per-O instructed my father to return as province governor.”
Governor? A governor would report a tomb-robber to the Per-O. And he’d forbid his daughter from befriending a tomb-robber’s son. But Mehi wouldn’t, couldn’t stay away from An-khi knowing she’s living here. How could he prevent her from learning the truth? This world was as often cold as it was warm. “Welcome home.” 
“Mer is so perfect. The fragrance of its bay laurel, the honeycomb hives—“
“Yellow mums among the jacaranda.”
“Exactly. The Nile is never so enthralling as it is here, in Mer, especially in this cove. Don’t you think so? I love the feeling of flowing between my legs.”
Eyes cast down, he pointed at her muddy legs. “I love the mud too.”
This time, her laugh caused Mehi’s legs to settle into the riverbed mud. “I came to wade in before heading to the pyramid.”
“Oh, tell me you work there. You’re privileged. What’s it like? Please.”
Mehi’s chest puffed up. “It’s art, with thousands of artists. The pyramid is art and the creation of it is art. We workers draw strength from each other.” 
“I understand that,” An-khi said. “I adore that power. All that force.”
His eagerness to speak—especially to a rich woman—shocked Mehi. He released the flood of a nine-year dam. “To me, it’s cooperation. It’s a beacon of Egypt’s perfection. The way a family should be.” 
“You used to say that God-king Khufu was your real father.”
“Tu. That was ... well.” He swiped at a mosquito. “Mostly, I was wanting to work on his pyramid.” Mehi was about to boast that he’d witnessed Khufu’s Heb-Sed, but stopped himself, considering the way it ended? 
“Oh, remember when we went to the Per-O together?”
“We met Djedi there.”
“Yes.” An-khi clapped, knees bending like she was about to spring up, smile showing every tooth and eyes glinting through their recess. 
“He’s the royal magician now and Pese’shet is a doctor too.”
“Oh my. I’ll visit them as soon as I can. I must. Are they still in the home outside Annu?”
Mehi nodded.
Orange hues slipped into the sky, violet skirting the wisps of clouds. Hoopoes in the acacias sang out their “oop oop oop.”
An-khi said, “When I came here this morning, I had a feeling you’d be coming over the bank as you did when we met here as children. And just as I turned, there you were.”
Her words doused Mehi like warm water.
An-khi picked up her feet from the mud, a task after this length of time. Slipping past Mehi, she brushed him with her thigh and stomach. Mehi felt not only her caress but was also aware of the riverbed’s loam, the breeze through his hair and the sunlight on his face. 
She told him, “I’ll be out here every day during the Inundation.”
“Yes, well, maybe we’ll see each other.”
“Maybe.”

Two days after the delta attack, Khufu willed the dawn to strike. Beside his lake, its surface darkly mirroring clouds spun from the night, he cocked his body and fixed his black eyes on the eastern horizon. Above the hills, slowly, softly, a blush rose like scarlet wheat. The horizon ignited. His breath caught. As if from a womb, Khufu emerged in sunlight. He soaked up the gold light, his breaths pumping his chest. “Awake!”
At the God-king’s shout, black-and-white striped hoopoes hooted in sycamores to his right. Shimmering mist ascended from the lake. Ra blazed His flawless line up the sky. Khufu, the god on earth, spread his legs to take the heat on his genitals. He then stooped and grabbed fistfuls of the low lake’s sludge, slapped it on his heated torso and rolled it along his hips. His flesh shivered like that of a newborn touching air for the first time. 
Egypt is all around me yet too distant to touch. She’s in everything yet reveals herself to me only with words too quiet to hear. Khufu reached out and swirled his middle finger in the lake’s warm water. If I teased her oval ’round and ’round, would she scream her name to me?
Khufu dabbed wet fingers to his nostrils, inhaling the aroma of Egypt’s barley, limestone and blue lotus.
In a sycamore grove to his right, he saw a woman too intent upon the sunrise’s gold to notice her God-king squatting at the water’s edge. While her left side shone with dawnlight, a sycamore’s trunk shadowed her right half. Light and shadow upon her abutted so precisely that, to Khufu, she belonged in both day and night. He took in her one sunny ear, one fiery eye and her lips in half-moon crescent. Her eclipsed half offered mystery.
Her eyes still on the horizon, the woman began to run from the sycamores toward the lake. She smiled as if unable to run without smiling, sparkling her face like sba nu mu, stars on water. Watching her, Khufu thought of the time years before when his father Seneferu showed him an opened beehive. There, a scout bee signaled in a dance the direction to nectar that his brethren bees learned by brushing against him. 
Khufu’s blood quickened. He rose. His heels tipped from the ground, inclining him toward her. He wanted this woman close enough to dance with her.
Just then, the woman realized the God-king’s presence and stopped running. In the way of a lotus flower closing at dusk, she tucked her hands to her breast and bowed. “Make glad the heart, Majesty.”
He waved for her to approach.

Theormi’s stomach slithered.
Since arriving at the Per-O two weeks before, Theormi had worried over how to greet the God-king should she encounter him. Other harem women said they’d come to tears when first meeting his divinity. An-khi thought this a curious reaction and not one she’d undergo. But now, here he stood; the god on earth eyed her. His fists jammed into his hips and his eyes glared from a massive head. Theormi’s heartbeat thudded in her everywhere at once. Her legs and hips seemed to lock up as she neared him.
She swallowed her heart back into place.
As the others had primed her, Theormi expected to see a divine being. Instead, she saw a man. Majestic, but a man. In fact, she saw that mud splotched Khufu’s chest and arms. His muddy loincloth sucked back onto his genitals. Was he about to take a private bath? Should she withdraw?
As a servant, Theormi had learned to avoid whippings by analyzing her masters to anticipate their needs. Studying Khufu, he seemed to study her in return. None of her previous masters would have bothered.
Khufu’s rough-hewn nose and cheeks presented him as an unfinished sculpture. He stood upon the ground more heavily than other men as if his ankles bore a more concentrated weight. Was this the grief of losing a son? Or was this the stance required of a God-king? From her recent reading, Theormi compared the word shetshet, tear and rend, to sheshti, king. Perhaps the opposing forces of mortality and divinity required such an anchoring stance. Theormi had to resist her instincts to reach for and massage his surely aching legs.
When Theormi was five feet from the God-king, she bent down and kissed the earth. Even from that distance, his body heat wafted over her.
“Do you fear me, maiden?”
“No, Khufu.” Theormi clutched inside. “Aak, I was told not to say your name.”
Khufu yawped a laugh, slapping his belly. “Maiden, finding you here performs Hathor’s surprise.”
“Oh, you mean when Goddess Hathor cheered God Ra out of an eclipse by, uh—
“—uncovering her pudendum before him.” He continued his laugh.
Theormi’s nervousness released from her. She let loose her own laughter, but quickly tamped it down into a more proper “Your Majesty.”
“You know the story. Very well. Before you try not to say my name again, I grant you permission. Your name, maiden?”
“Theormi, your Majesty, new to the palace.”
It sounds like “She or me.” Well, Theormi, new to the palace, do you know the tale of the waterbuck, the sitatunga that can die of sheer fright? Be at ease with me.” He swung out an arm. “Enthrall Khufu again. Move.”
“Move? How, Sire?”
“As you lilted toward me just before.”
Theormi told her feet to move. She began walking. As Khufu’s smile widened her stride smoothed. The sky’s gold and silver deepened into lapis lazuli.
“Maiden, you embody a woman’s liveliness. I needed that just now. I conjure such liveliness into the Nile each year. That is my purpose, to restore all things to the first moment of Creation. Pristine, perfect. Ma’at.”
Theormi couldn’t massage his feet, kiss his heavy brow or discuss with him the stars in heaven. “Yes, Majesty.”
“When Goddess Isis wept over her husband, dismembered by his brother God Set, her tears created the Nile’s first yearly flood—the Inundation.” Khufu swept his view up to the lake’s inlet that led to the Nile. His hand rose up.
As if she were dancing with the God-king, Theormi felt her limbs match movements with his.
“Maiden, I know the perfect moment: quivering atop the river’s banks, floodwater breaks like a pregnancy sack, depositing silt as black as God Osiris. Only the God-king’s magic raises the Inundation. If it doesn’t rise, all will die.”
Dear majesty, your son ... the world will brighten again one day.
“Lady, your appearance tells me the Inundation this year will flow as gloriously as your blood flows this lunar cycle.”
How did he know she was in her monthly time? She searched his face again and he stared back at her through thick lashes. Then, behind them, Khufu’s hawk-like eyes lost focus.
Quietly, he said, “The monthly river in a woman centers her in the way the Nile centers Egypt. We hug ourselves to her in terror of desert and death, even though her every flank is naked against easy takeover. She is who I care for—day and night.”
Khufu’s eyes re-focused as he returned their view onto Theormi. “Excuse the reverie, maiden. Accept a God-king’s gratitude for your elegance and foretelling.” He nodded or, Theormi wondered, had it been a bow? “My Theormi, enjoy the morning.”
As the God-king turned and headed toward the horizon, Theormi tingled head to toe. Running back under the sycamores, Theormi wondered what she’d do the next time she encountered the God-king.

After meeting Mehi the day before, An-khi entered the courtyard of the Royal Magician Djedi and wife Pesh’shet at noon. The couple reclined on a bench in front of their two-story townhouse. Before An-khi’s family moved away to satisfy her father’s ambitions, this scene was exactly how she remembered the couple, clothed in fine white linen and as fresh as the violets, coriander and catnip they gathered daily. One by one, An-khi was restoring the elements of her life to perfection of her childhood. “Djedi. Pese’shet.”
Only seconds passed before Djedi recognized her. “Wife, it’s little Mu.”
She rushed into the magician’s arms and nuzzled his dense white beard. An-khi had forgotten his fragrance of wild onion and honey. They drew back. But she remembered his eyes—right socket set a half-eye lower than the left. From their two levels, his eyes searched her face and misted as if with remembrance.
An-khi and Pese’shet embraced. “Child, we heard through our Per-O friends that you and your family had returned.”
Djedi said, “Now here you are grown up with a grown up name. An-khi, isn’t it?”
She nodded. “I met Mehi yesterday and I had to visit you before another day passed. I understand you’re a doctor too Pese’shet.”
Pese’shet smiled and nodded.
“My wife: The first female doctor in Egypt.”
Pese’shet poured water from a pitcher into a goblet and then handed it to An-khi. “You saw Mehi? How did he seem?”
“Fine.” Catching Pese’shet’s tone, An-khi thought there might be more in her question. “What do you mean?”
Djedi and Pese’shet exchanged glances. He reached for An-khi’s wrist. “Come inside with us.”
An-khi wondered at the couple’s sudden tension. She stepped into their front room onto a smooth floor. An amethyst vase, silken rug, Eye of Horus and ankh talismans on the walls, books, and about one hundred identical ceramic vases filled with herbs and plants in a corner niche decorated the room. The trio sat on pillows.
Djedi said, “I was at the Per-O the last night.”
“Oh yes, Mehi said you were the Royal Magician. Congratulations.”
“Mehi’s father was there—under interrogation. For a significant crime.”
“Oh my.”
“We haven’t seen Mehi since. As you may recall, he closes down when hurting.”
Pese’shet said, “When you and your family left, he didn’t visit us for three months when he had visited us every before.”
“You see,” Djedi said, “shame weighs heavily on someone like Mehi. He does not need neighbors to tell him wrong from right.” The magician’s hands flashed in the air with his words, each thick finger waving. “I hadn’t thought of this before, but Khufu and Mehi share this quality. They take the universe on their shoulders.”
An-khi knew Djedi was correct about Mehi and shame. “I’ll get him to visit you.” That would help at least with the first problem. The bigger problem was that her governor father must not learn that Mehi’s father was a tomb-robber. How long could she keep that secret from him? To put her life back together like it was before her family moved away, she’d have to fix these problems. 

Two hours into the afternoon, sweat rolled like hot oil down Mehi’s ribs. The sun stung his back like a burning whip.
“Pull,” yelled the foremen.
Mehi smacked his right foot down and his leg wavered as if becoming water. 
“You pull.”
Left foot.
Across the pyramid’s thirteen acres, eight hundred foremen urged workers in eight hundred teams. The twenty thousand workers groaned in chorus like cattle in a God’s herd. Up the center ramp, Mehi’s Virile Team of two dozen men including friends Kenna and Pabes dragged its four-ton stone. 
“Pull, you pull.”
Behind and below them on the work site, sounds of wooden mallets knocking copper chisels against granite fell behind into the distance. In his mind, each step elevated him farther from his father’s grip. He breathed fully and freely. Eyes on the pyramid’s crown, he also thought of An-khi and the future. Meeting her again had in one moment restored to him his perfect childhood. It had the same effect for him personally as for Egypt collectively when God-king Khufu raised the annual Inundation and restored the country’s future to ma’at’s perfection in the First Moment of Creation.
“Pull, you pull.”
The Virile Team’s dark amber skin set off their white loincloths and the sun’s white glare on their backs. Forty-eight callused palms wrung sweat into their ropes sawing across their shoulders. The stone’s sled creaked and shuddered.
Rising nearly two hundred feet, each corner of the ramp around the pyramid presented Mehi with a new vista and new weather. When he scraped across the north face, breezes blowing at him, he saw the Nile rushing past stately Annu; on the west, the red desert sucked him dry; on the south, calm and bright, he looked for his village Mer; and on the east, the Nile and its moisture revived them all.
While Mehi worked for God-king, he viewed all of Egypt, much like Khufu must.
He hadn’t stopped his father. But wasn’t that his father’s failing? And, Mu—An-khi—had returned to him. He pictured the eddies of her eyes. At that, Mehi slipped, his right foot and leg sliding sideways. Gravel shot off the ramp and cascaded over the edge. Mehi’s momentum spun him to ground on his rump and toward the ramp edge. He tried to slow himself but only scraped his palms.
Behind him, Kenna yelled, “Hold.” Kenna seized Mehi’s shoulder and stopped him. “Heh there.”
Mehi’s stomach turned over. Though his body was still, inside he felt himself spiraling down the two hundred feet of pyramid.
The foreman ran up and shouted in his face, “Pull, you pull!” The chain of eight hundred teams had stopped behind them.
Mehi stood, trembling. Strength drained from him as through a cracked vase. His bones were weak as straw. Lofty vistas and holy fathers were not for him. He should keep his heart on the ground.


Chapter 4
AWAKENED IN MOONLIGHT
Beside his suite’s ten-foot high cedar door inlaid with silver cartouches of his name, Khufu rocked two infant grandchildren, each warm along a forearm. With a finger, he opened their hands clenched in sleep.
Khufu had interrupted a State meeting with his royal officers in the Per-O’s Throne Room to play with the children before they were set into bed. Or perhaps it was to escape the officers’ reports. Not only had they reported a tomb-robbing—the thieves apprehended—but also that the Inundation, now at its midpoint, would apparently repeat or even compound last year’s danger. He began to see images of the Nile like a detached tongue licking the desert for water. 
Queen Mother Hetefares removed the children from Khufu’s arms. “It’s time, son.”
“So soon?” Khufu lingered at the doorway, watching his darlings whisked away.
Carrying the Double Crown into the suite on a silver tray, Chamberlain Ramose passed Khufu who bowed to it. When he returned from storing the crown in the God-king’s wardrobe, the chamberlain announced, “Good god Khufu, her majesty Queen Meritates desires admission.”
Prickles flared up Khufu’s spine. “Acht, the queen’s requests disgorge every bowel of her passions. Veritable volcanoes erupting from her lips. I should detain you, Ramose. Such a refined queen will know she is being rebuffed. It may even kindle her blood enough to warm me a little.” Khufu turned to his chamberlain. “Also, as you admit her, call a woman for me.”
When alone, Khufu walked across the turquoise tiles to the stone pond at the suite’s center. Around him, a mural on the walls depicted fields of ready-for-harvest barley, leeks, melons, grape vines, fig sycamores and date palms. Wiggling his fingers in the pond water—gold and maroon jewelfish darting—he gazed up the fifteen feet to the painted stars on the lazuli ceiling, considering what might have been. He waited for the Queen of Egypt.
Meanwhile a melody of poetry played in his head: Queen or me? She or me?
Escorted by four servants, glittering Queen Meritates minced into the suite, face gripped against her skull. Too, a grid of amethyst studs across her pale ankle-length gown disdained any ruffle. The Queen halted, erecting herself.
Even when they were children, his sister Meritates’ divine blood had aroused Khufu. Her blood was passed down to her from the Gods. Since creation as keeper of the lineage, she served as the true monarch. He who married Egypt’s eldest princess became Egypt’s heir apparent. Meritates was that vessel now. Her veins flowed with perpetual sunrise, a mystery more profound even than pregnancy.
Still, maddeningly, Meritates had suppressed her monthly inundation as if with a dam of ice. Khufu searched past her stiff cosmetics for the robust face he once loved. Even tonight when heat blazed with such force that his blood threatened to boil out of his veins, he found no warmth in her. Not a flicker. To the God-king, she was the Nile gone to failure, disgrace, death.
Khufu scowled at the Queen’s smugly smiling and foreign servants. “Your vanity deceives you into believing these foreigners render you exotic. No. They mark you as common.”
“They serve the Queen. Artists among them re-created the three estates with fabulous distinction, wouldn’t you agree?”
“They defiled the estates’ Egyptian identity. Then, you renamed the estates after yourself even though our father had named them for our mother. I can’t stomach them now.” Turning from the Queen his eyes, catching on the servants, sharpened like those of a raptor. Khufu charged them, waving his arms. “Out!”
With an “eek” and a shriek or two, the servants jumped like open-mouthed tilapia bobbing up for mosquitoes. They then scurried out the door in a taint, bumping into each other. Meritates flicked a wrist to excuse them, regardless that it was too tardy for them to see. She then dispersed to Khufu a voice as cool and calm as perfume. “By your detaining the Queen in the hallway, we recognize your intention to slight her.”
Meritates’ voice breathed a vestige of their loving past. He refused the urge to heave himself to her and cling his mouth to her lips, her teeth, her tongue, her breath. How many years would it be before his instincts learned that he’d find there only perch gasping in a riverbed? “Rebuff, dear.”
“Be that as it may, in precisely fifteen days, half of the four months of inundation season will have passed. On that day denoting the height of the Inundation—”
Khufu’s gut clutched. “Is this your reminder that the Inundation is low?” He took the slightest flaring of her nostrils as indication that the question was beneath her vast grace.
“In any event,” she said, “on that day denoting the Inundation’s rising, protocol dictates that the King cohabitate within the same bedchamber as the Queen. I am reminding you at this time to allow you whatever period you may require to certify it to your schedule.”
Khufu clapped his hands once. “My dear warmheart, you fulfill my dreams. Crown a God-king’s magic with the ecstasy of sleeping with a Goddess?” He paused. “But I must refuse. Two recent attempts nearly claimed the God-king’s life. Your offensive just might succeed.”
“The Queen recognizes the second occasion of your employing a slight. Under no circumstances does she suggest that God-king and Queen engage in the love act. They should lie side by side, not quite touching, purely and properly.”
Khufu flung up his arms. “There it is. Our symbol for all these years: two mates unmated, unmoving and unmoved, stone to stone.” Khufu snarled, “Protocol dictates ... Sesh.”
The God-king began to circle Meritates. In a hushed voice he said, “Long ago when we loved, I knew you best by your movement—your lips’ dance when you spoke, your body’s spring when you walked, your thoughts spiriting in your eyes. Time stilled when you moved.” Khufu closed his eyes and offered out a hand, fingers curling in imagined caress. “When I moved in you, what I sensed of life. The world was a sluice and I was the white water in it.” His hand seized into a fist. “You were Egypt to me.”
“The Queen has heard this before.”
Khufu’s eyes opened. “It began when you carried Ka’ab. Shunning the bliss of any expectant mother, you exploited the future king in your belly to crown yourself the consummate queen of all queens. A replica of previous queens, not an original. In this stew of queens, you lost yourself, the unique Meritates. A woman like no other. You moved no longer—no warmth, no spark, no passion. Not the Egypt I loved—no longer.”
“Your tongue is a chisel, Majesty.”
Khufu flinched. Did she mean the chisel at the Heb-Sed? “Oh, if chisels could humanize your form, our tongues would again be flesh and do more than speak.”
Meritates jutted out her chin. “The truth is that the King demanded too exceedingly of the Queen. Further and further he expected.”
Khufu turned away, suddenly exhausted.
“The King expected—no, I’m obliged to say—demanded perfection. The Queen cleaved to her dignity rather than ruin her spirit by acceding to the King’s unreasonable demands. She endured.”
Khufu jerked back toward her. “I desired only that you be complete.”
“No. You wanted more. All the time more.”
Feeling again the creep of tears for the perfect son they had lost, Khufu looked out at his Queen as if through red air.
The Queen retrieved her crisp voice. “Should you be quite finished with your tirade, we say again: God-king Khufu and Queen Meritates must unite symbolically as Egypt unites. This is our mandate. We will say no more.”
Khufu tasted on his tongue something like sour milk. “How romantic, dear. Your love-call contains the romance of a duck spitting rocks. I may love you again, but then I’ve loved you before. Your kind request to join with me and to sleep with me is hereby declined by me.”
Meritates drew herself up before bowing. “At your will, your Majesty.” She swept out.
Khufu watched his Queen depart. He slumped. His scowl slid away, fatigue weighing him down. “Meritates, we were twins. We were Egypt.”
Khufu dispatched an attendant to cancel his request for a woman. He desired a queen. Can I not remain with a woman as perfect as my pyramid?

As An-khi approached Mehi’s home an hour after sunset, heat struck so fierce that she felt her own blood lashing at her insides. In the courtyard, Sebek slept on a mastaba bench, his back to her. She’d met him once briefly and Mehi had told her about some of Sebek’s adventures. She lifted her lamp to him. Thick and taut, Sebek’s body was not unlike his Crocodile God namesake. A sheen of sweat glistened his bare legs, arms and shoulders. In Sebek, An-khi detected no likeness to his brother.
Sebek rolled over, facing her. An-khi’s lamplight caught his eyes. He squinted.
She said, “You’re active even when asleep.”
“What?”
“I’m sorry to have wakened you.”
Mehi’s brother wiped his forehead and yawned. “Gods, it’s hot. Four hours in this and you’re dead.” From a vase, he slapped water onto his face and neck. “Mehi’s not home yet.”
“He must have gone to Djedi’s. I’ll come back.”
“No. Sit.” Sebek yanked at An-khi’s elbow and plunked her down next to him.
“Umph.”
Sebek scanned her top to bottom. An-khi fidgeted under his inspection. She said, “You don’t work at the pyramid?”
“That’s Mehi’s fantasy. He comes home gushing about how exalted he is on the pyramid. Father could kill him. Mehi never notices.” Sebek spat onto the ground. “I should be grateful. The conscriptors let me alone ’cause they already got one of the family’s sons killing himself on it.”
“What do you do then? You don’t seem like a farmer either.”
“I’m going to lead caravans. Be a dragoman. See something besides this land. Ta Sety and Ta Neter ... and Keben to the north.”
“You’re a bit of a rebel, aren’t you?”
“I won’t waste my life like Mehi, scraping on that stone, ‘on and on, up and up.’”
An-khi recognized that Sebek was mocking Mehi, and then realized the edges of her lips had tipped up into a smile. She lowered them. Sebek smirked. Had he seen her smile?
“When Mehi talks about the pyramid,” Sebek said, “he’s like those giant birds that don’t fly. Those ostriches.” He flailed his arms. 
An-khi bit her lip to prevent her laughter.
“No matter how fast it flaps it doesn’t take off.”
“You mock your own brother.”
“He’s good for mocking. Like why has he got the rich girl?”
An-khi flinched. “He hasn’t got me.”
Sebek shrugged and eyed her. “Well, mocking isn’t enough for Mehi. He isn’t beaten enough.”
“That’s cruel.”
“Father should beat him from sunup to sun—”
An-khi tried to cover his mouth with her hand but missed. Instead, her fingers skimmed his cheek. Their eyes caught.
Sebek clamped her hand to his jaw and gestured with his eyes toward something behind her. “Are you sure he hasn’t got you?”
An-khi twisted back. Mehi stood there. His eyes narrowed on An-khi’s fingers touching his brother’s face. She plucked her hand off Sebek.
“Little brother, are you angry that your girl was stroking me?”
Mehi’s brow wedged between his eyes and his shoulders shuddered. But his feet didn’t move.
Sebek hissed. He rose, walked toward Mehi and, without breaking step, cracked the back of his hand across his brother’s mouth—Mehi recoiling—and sauntered through the courtyard gate and away.
Eyes redder than the mark his brother left, Mehi stared at his brother walking away. An-khi put an arm around him. He shook it off.
An-khi said, “We were only talking.”
“Friendly talking.”
“Stop that.”
An owl hooted in the distance. In the night now deep blue, Mehi’s skin took on a pale green pallor. He bent over and grasped his knees, taking huge breaths.
“Mehi? “I’m sorry. Honestly, I was just trying to stop Sebek from talking and he trapped my hand.”
Voice hoarse, Mehi said, “I was getting you a gift.”
“For me?” An-khi perked up the enthusiasm in her voice to encourage Mehi from his pout.
“While you held his hand.”
An-khi stepped back. She’d heard enough of Mehi’s complaint. If he was so mad, why hadn’t he stopped Sebek from holding her hand or fought back against Sebek’s slap. “What were you getting?”
“It’s a secret.” With a final wheeze, Mehi straightened. “It’s not the right time.” His eye glinted.
“Now you’re punishing me for before.”
Mehi grinned his smile that egg-shaped his face. “I like that wanting in your eyes.”
Calming herself, An-khi took her own deep breath. “Mehi, you’re invited to a celebration at my parents.”
“At the governor’s?”
“Our Hathor festival. Late next month. It’ll be a chance for you to show—” An-khi stopped herself from saying, to show your more man self, and instead said, “to show my parents why I like you so much.”

Sometime before midnight, curses shattered Mehi’s sleep. His eyes opened onto the full moon. It seemed to drip with sweat like the face of a frantic, fat man. A moment later Mehi realized that Horemheb, gone for ten days since choking his son, had returned home. Wanting to sleep again and dream of his swim in the Nile that evening with An-khi, he instead slipped from snoring Sebek on the roof in case his mother needed protection. By the time he stepped into the front room, sweat ringed his neck.
On his stomach, Horemheb writhed on the dirt floor, cursing the officials who had whipped him. Blood striped his hands, feet while his back appeared torn by falcons. The Per-O stigma. Khety pressed a damp rag to her husband’s wounds that mixed blood with sweat. On his face, it mixed with tears. Mehi had never before seen his father cry. He stared, trying to understand this new person, someone Mehi thought he knew, someone he’d seen every day, but had disgorged inside out. This person more closely resembled Khety’s rag—blood and cloth.
Had his father turned himself in to the Per-O judgment? Or had Sebek or a neighbor turned him in? 
Horemheb craned his neck to see his son. “There! There’s the assassin.” He slung a hand at Mehi that splattered blood and sweat on Mehi’s face. Mehi’s stomach turned. “Come to finish me? Want to stick a knife in?”
“Sssush now,” Khety said. “Or I can’t clean you up.”
“My son the sah. Neferui sah.” Horemheb spat on the wall. “See what you get for doing the right thing?”
“Sssush.”
“You forced me to confess,” Horemheb said. “You and that brother of yours. Do you know they’re coming to take my tools? I can’t work anymore. And the animals. My animals.” Horemheb stopped himself. Darkness glittered in his eye. He took his feet from Khety and, onto their sides, he reeled up. He made for Mehi.
“Horemheb!” Khety stood, reaching for her husband.
As Horemheb closed on his son, Mehi backed away, his heart thumping hard enough to bruise his chest. In the next instant, his father shouldered past him and staggered outside.
Khety went after him. Mehi trailed.
Horemheb picked up a slab of wood and teetered to the family’s leashed sheep. Eyeing the animals, he cocked the stick above his head. The four animals edged away. He swung at one and struck flesh. The sheep bleated. All four bucked. They tried to run but their leashes jerked them back.
Khety dashed up behind him. “No, Horemheb.”
Horemheb hacked again. He missed. That maddened him all the more. Raving curses, he slashed out again and again, sweating, bleeding, blowing mucus out his nose. He bled onto the beating stick. The sheep’ eyes so swelled with black color they might have burst. The animals hurtled, slamming into each other, the stick and Khety. She grasped Horemheb’s arm. He shook her off and cracked an animal’s head. The sheep cried out so close to Khety that she cried out with it.
Neighbors came out from their homes, peering over the courtyard wall at the family.
Khety clasped her arms around her husband and rocked him on his unsure feet toward the hut.
“Leave me. They’re mine. They’re mine to kill.”
Khety steered Horemheb away from the animals. He collapsed to his knees in front of Mehi, wheezing between curses, his hands dripping blood into the dirt. “My life’s over. My son killed me. He had me confess.”
Mehi didn’t believe he could sway his father. More likely, Horemheb had weighed Sebek’s warning about a neighbor turning him in for a reward, so he turned himself in. Doing it before the break-in itself saved his nose, ears and probably his life. Horemheb must have taken witness against the other tomb-robbers.
“I’m killed and my own son’s done it.”
Khety whispered into her husband’s ear. “Sssush, Amen, no.”
Horemheb slapped away his wife’s hands and glared at his son. “Doing the right thing gets you a beating. You ­tem sha, I’ll flay you.”
Mehi’s stomach coiled. His feet seemed to stick to the ground like those terrible minutes when Sebek was beaten. 
Horemheb tried to stand up but, with his injured feet and Khety holding him down, he gave up trying with several more curses. Instead, he said to his son, “Here’s another right thing I’m going to do. Something we’ve been keeping secret from you. You have a sister, boy. No, no. You had a sister. She’s dead.”
Khety shot up straight and stiff. Her eyes too racked up taut.
Mehi said, “What sister? I have a sister?”
Horemheb spat again.
Khety’s eyes glazed over, staring at nothing. Her silence incited Mehi all the more. “My sister? Where is my sister? Where?”
Horemheb shouted, “She’s in the tem desert. Dead. Like you killed me.”
Khety bolted into the hut, her wretched sob trailing her.
“Are you happy? Killing your mother too?” Horemheb snarled just like the night serpents he had told his sons about in bedtime stories.
Mehi’s stomach twisted like Khety’s rag. He knew he’d better get away and right now. All he could think about was finding and losing his sister in the same moment—the same moment he lost his father. 

At midnight near Princess Merysankh’s suite in the God-king’s palace, six harem women including Theormi walked toward the Hall of Pillars. They bowed as they passed Prince Merhet standing idly before a mural of three antelope. Torchlight played on the mural so that the antelope seemed to be dashing behind him. Three locks of his hair arched like a claw over his forehead. As usual whenever Theormi saw him, the prince was pressing his hands to one ear. He appeared to be listening to something as if he held a seashell.
The prince glanced up. Immediately his eyes fixed in tiny points on Theormi.
The older harem woman pulled her aside and whispered, “Come away, child. You don’t want to interest that one.”
Theormi knew little of the six princes except the eldest, Hordedef, whose pyramid spectacle sparked for him flattery throughout the harem. The two women hurried ahead, having fallen behind the others.
“Wait,” Merhet croaked after them.
The pair halted, faced the prince, and bowed once more.
Merhet greeted neither lady. He shuffled straight to Theormi. His eyes flitted as if following the path of a fly before settling between her legs. He giggled. “I have a body part I want you to see.” He giggled again.
Theormi’s companion snorted. Theormi accepted that she should take caution, and wondered how to tell a prince “No”?
“Dear prince,” said the older woman, “I apologize, for we are directed to the God-king’s reception in the Hall. We abide upon an occasion when the God-king has not previously engaged us so that we might have the pleasure of serving you.”
At this, Merhet peeked up—for an instant.
The older woman seized Theormi’s shoulders, turning her. “We do apologize, your Honor, but we are late for the King. Excuse us.” They rushed away.
When out of the prince’s earshot the woman said, “Imagine him saying such a thing, and he’s betrothed. I doubt his body part is big enough to see.”
Theormi said, “But we’re not engaged by the God-king’s reception. You lied to a prince.”
“Won’t be the first or the last time. You’re off for the garden?”
“Are you sure you won’t join me?”
“Still too hot for this big swan.” The woman winked and walked off.
Theormi looked over her shoulder. Merhet hadn’t budged. He crammed a fist against each ear. She didn’t know what to make of him.

An hour past midnight, when sleep seduces everyone but the dying, High-priest Ptah-Du-Au lay deep in bed in his Hituptah mansion, breathing in shallow hisses. His eldest daughter set a steaming cup of honey and palm juice beside his prone body. Before moving out of the shadowy bedchamber, she glanced at his white-clad wa-eb priest Siptah sitting beside her father. A single lamp near Ptah-Du-Au’s shaved pate made him appear embossed in the whitewashed room. The salty odor of natron used to cleanse the priests’ flesh intruded upon the air.
Siptah whispered, “You look improved.”
Ptah-Du-Au waved off the remark. “The doctors offer no hope.”
Siptah’s small eyes darted left then right.
The High-priest coughed, his loose throat shaking. “I swear to you that we will cease the appropriation of the state religion of the great God Ptah by the mongrel religion of God Ra.”
Siptah’s eyes darted faster.“Do we dare, Ptah-Du-Au? Do we? Give me a moment to think.” 
“My dear priest, as Ptah created the world with his tongue of words, each man is created with a fatal flaw.”
“Every man? Surely not you.”
The High-priest chuckled. “My flaw is knowing the flaws of others.” He placed his hands flat before him. “Each man contends with his flaw all his life. Most do so by denying it. I saw in Khufu’s face his fatal flaw when our brave young Anhur swung at him. I saw fear.”
“Surely, it was fear. The very face of fear.” Siptah’s eyes stopped shifting. “But all would show fear in that place, wouldn’t they?”
“All mortals would. Yet, Khufu must appear to be a god. This is his fatal flaw.”
“But the dislike between the temples’ priests, even between the priests in our own temple, will assert itself without your direction.”
“For the reason I must continue as if I never departed, our leader must be you.”
“Me? You joke, priest.”
“Stop that old way. You are not the mousy Siptah now. Not just my assistant all these years but ... a son to me.” The High-priest stopped for a breath, more of a gasp. “You learned my ways over these years.”
“It would never work.”
Ptah-Du-Au glared at his assistant until his eyes teared.
Siptah shivered. “But priest, someone with property will inherit the High-priest position. This is not me.”
“My property will go to you, and so too will go the Temple’s control. My eldest daughter assumes my property.”
“To possess your estate I would have to marry—your daughter?” Astonished, Siptah stared at the High-priest. “Your daughter, my priest?”
“All will be yours.”
“Priest, do you believe I can do this?”
Ptah-Du-Au nodded. “When you have doubt, do as you have learned I would do.”
Siptah’s brow lowered. His eyes sharpened. “We will come together.” He gripped hands and forearms with his mentor.
Then, Ptah-Du-Au said, “And … God Ptah has an ally.”
“Do you refer to young Anhur?”
Ptah-Du-Au shook his head and beckoned for his assistant to lean to him. Pushing out his lips to Siptah’s ear, he whispered, “I refer to a personage who currently dwells in the very palace of the God-King.”
Siptah bolted up. “The palace?”
“I met with our ally this very day. Ambition is our ally’s flaw and our weapon. With judicious encouragement, I believe our ally will act directly against the God-king.”
“Priest.”
“Until then, we will remind Khufu of his fatal flaw to convince his subjects to turn their backs on him and his religion. Yes, the fatal flaw, priest. Know your enemy—what brings him joy, what brings misery.”
Siptah pulled back. “Do you know what that sounds like? It sounds like love.”
“Indeed.”


Chapter 5
NAKED AS SUN
On his hut’s rooftop at dawn, sweating under his arms and between his legs, Mehi dreamt of Ammit the Devourer attacking his sister in the desert. Head of crocodile, fore body of lioness and hind end of hippopotamus, Ammit ate the hearts of the wicked. To free his sister, Mehi rushed the beast. It turned on him and began devouring his heart.
Someone nudged him awake. It was Sebek. “Mehi, I’m going.”
From his feverish dream, Mehi strained to understand his brother. “What tomb is Father robbing now?”
“Listen Mehi. I’m leaving. Father’ll make me work now that he can’t, and I won’t give them my earnings. Yesterday the sun crossed behind clouds and the clouds turned silver. I’ll be gone by the time they wake up.” Stepping away, Sebek stopped and turned back to Mehi. “Sorry ’bout the girl.” He dropped down the ladder and disappeared.
By the time Mehi gave up trying to sleep again, he began to believe he’d only dreamt Sebek’s good-bye.

When Mehi descended the rope ladder an hour after dawn, Khety was sitting in the doorway, feet in the courtyard, crafting a wooden talisman for the crowded walls while, inside, Horemheb smoldered, hunched in a corner. Standing outside with his mother, Mehi learned that she had wakened early with a “bad feeling” to discover Sebek’s clothes and bedmat were gone.
Horemheb said to her, “Blaming me for Sebek leaving?”
“It’s better my hands stay busy.”
“Busy making one of those? Just to embarrass me?”
“You embarrass yourself.”
“I’m blamed for everything, is it? How about you always coddled him like a baby?”
“After you beat him.”
“Don’t you remember him running around wild? Crazy wild? Or weren’t you here?”
“You beat him like a criminal.”
Horemheb stiffened. “A criminal? You going to keep throwing that in the fire? Keep reminding me about my mistake?”
“A mistake and now we don’t eat. You even refuse to work the fields.”
“I’m a stonecutter.”
“Not anymore. You saw to that.”
Shaking, Horemheb rose, fists banging his thighs. His pupils sharpened into points. He stepped toward his wife, cocked his right fist. Mehi’s heart seemed to leap in his chest. But he could only shuffle his feet toward his parents. Only then did Horemheb notice his son. “Bah.” Horemheb stormed out the doorway past Khety and Mehi.
Khety lowered her head into her hands. Her sobs clutched Mehi like great fishhooks. He touched her shoulder. Khety squeaked and jumped up. When in the back room, she continued weeping.
Mehi should not have confronted his father about the tomb-robbery. Or he should have done it where the neighbors couldn’t hear. How would Mehi fix it? He felt empty like a desert. He pictured his brother working his way onto a barge, up the river and away—maybe out of the country. The water would take him. He’d be what he sought to be, a caravan leader.
Mehi hadn’t told Sebek, or anyone, that he dreamt of leaving home too. The secret he’d kept from An-khi was that he’d started the mudbrick foundation for their home. But, now, without even Sebek to protect their mother from their angry father, Mehi couldn’t part from their home.

Noon heat struck like a viper’s fangs; the package delivered the venom to Khufu. Prince Hordedef had brought it to his father’s suite. Khufu’s ears still buzzing with the citizens’ Petition Court grievances in the Throne Room throughout the morning, the God-king read the package’s inscription: “Best wishes to the good god” and the sign of two feet: “Determined.” Unwrapping it, his sweaty hands darkened the papyrus. He found inside a human tongue. Copper chips flecked the human tissue. The tongue must have belonged to the young man who swung the copper chisel during Khufu’s Heb-Sed and killed Khufu’s perfect son.
The God-king threw the package to the turquoise tiles. He kicked it across the room. “There’s your two feet.” Nak priests. Killing for God Ptah. Universe created by thought? Absurd. Shadowed thought without body. The universe is solid, flesh and bone, as graspable as the pyramid. Only ejaculate as hot as sun could create it.
Yet, the Ptah priests’ guilt had not been proved.
Khufu told no one about the package’s contents. He would simply prove his divinity and Ra’s righteousness by his works: raising the Nile, feeding his people, fending off the desert until all citizens embraced him in their perfect love. But today also marked the midpoint of the inundation season. Daily, Khufu sought inside him to summon up more water from its mysterious source. But today, for the first time, an undertow seemed to slide beneath him. 
Khufu bowed and prayed, “Horus chased the Serpent from the earth.”
Relief would come in his garden. Hustling through the Per-O corridors, head down and still hearing the Petition’s voices clamoring for escape from this year’s taxes due to low water and low farm yields, Khufu looked up when he reached a rear door. There, handling the door’s bolt, a woman heard his approach and spun about.
Thee or me.
Khufu inhaled her fragrance of figs and lotus flowers. He had not seen the maiden since first meeting her by the lake. On that occasion, too, Khufu’s mood had been dark, and she cheered him as much as the sun from an eclipse. He scanned her, not without some unease, to see whether she might be a spell-caster. He saw only clear eyes and the lithe body of a dancer. “You are Theormi, are you not?”
“The King is kind to remember.”
The word “Theormi” sang for Khufu like a familiar melody. He realized he had for weeks unknowingly rhymed her name in odd sentences. Thee or me. “It seems we share a notion to enjoy the garden.”
“When even shade doesn’t cool, one might as well face the sun one to one, your Majesty. Noon brightens everything.”
“God Ra will be pleased to brighten two more of His creations.” Theormi’s stance of shoulders square and feet apart reminded Khufu of a warrior. “Don’t delay.” He caught the door for her as Theormi opened it for him. They grazed hands. Theormi blushed; he winked. Together the two crossed into the garden.
They strolled between sycamores onto an avenue of basalt, shimmering in the sunshine. Through its broad leaves, sunlight dazzled as if suns hung like fruit from its limbs. Khufu felt as naked as the sun. “Heaven is this harmony.”
“Only Gods could disturb it.”
“No God would.”
An owl hooted over their heads. That it appeared in daytime was Khufu’s first omen. The second omen: its eyes were orange and its face was the death mask Khufu had seen during the delta attack.
His teeth scraped against each other.
Theormi touched his shoulder. “Are you well, Majesty?”
“The owl ...” about to mention the death mask to her, Khufu changed his mind, the hand on his shoulder so settling. “The owl is the protector of the dead, the Underworld guardian.” He told himself the owl watched over his Ka’ab. “I prefer the Benu bird.”
“Yes, the Benu’s song was the universe’s first sound, was it not?”
“Just after our Creator God Ra rose from the first blue lotus on the first land, the Benben, the Benu sang.”
“The pyramid shape.”
“When the Inundation recedes each year, it reminds us of that first perfect moment.”
“I especially admire God Ra’s words: ‘I formed the female with my fingers and the male with my phallus. All manifestations followed me into being.’”
“Ah, you’ve been reading, Theormi. Often, people from other cultures find our Creation indelicate.”
“It’s as earthy as life, Majesty.”
“And as pure. Impurity threatens ma’at itself.”
Theormi stopped walking. “Perhaps I should stay behind.”
“Why, maiden?”
“I’m afraid the Queen will hear of a harem woman with you outside your suite.”
“Tu, Queen Meritates is frightening, but my mother Hetefares controls the harem. Besides, sister,” Khufu said with a wink, “the sycamore does not chatter.”
As they continued walking, the God-king said, “You move with the pride of a panther. It stands you taller now.”
Theormi immediately stiffened. Khufu supposed he’d said the words more intensely than he’d intended.
Near the pathway’s end, palms swayed above three ponds where white and blue lotus flowers floated. Behind them, down the knoll, sunlight glinted on Khufu’s lake below a gliding dhow. Its tapering sails swept along a prince or princess.
“I’ll string a garland for you, Theormi, to complete your wardrobe.” Khufu jumped into a pond up to his knees.
Theormi laughed. “Careful, Majesty.”
Khufu laughed with her, louder than he could explain. “I’m the Hap Bull when excited.”
“Yes, you just visited the Hap.”
“You know about him? The Hap is the most peaceful creature on earth. He is the one possession of the Ptah priests’ that I covet.” Khufu leaned down and fingered the water’s surface. “As a boy, I knew peace in the garden, free of my brothers’ taunts for my one day becoming God-king. Today the garden frees me from my own taunts that I don’t do enough as God-king.”
“Don’t do enough? You work at all hours, Sire. I understand that you’ve reorganized irrigation to broaden the Inundation.”
Theormi’s words sent Khufu deep into thought. He spoke slowly. “Once we recognize art in sculpture or paint, the life it assumes amazes us. It’s the same amazement we feel when we realize our love for someone. Are we ever more alive? Bestowing that onto Egypt is my charge.”
Khufu’s lips drew together. Theormi’s lips parted. The garland was forgotten.
She ambled to her left. Khufu followed, jumping from the water. He couldn’t remember when he’d last visited this section of the garden. They came to five rose bushes. “Here, Theormi, I’ll play a game with you.” He flourished a hand. “I can detect, solely by scent, which rose flower grows on which bush.”
“Impossible.” She checked herself and blushed. “Pardon me, Majesty.”
“You don’t trust your God-king? That’s wise. Test me.”
“Well then, shut your eyes and turn. Turn.” Khufu heard Theormi move softly as if on tiptoe, no doubt to conceal her selection. “Majesty, keep them closed.” A fragrance waved under his nose.
Khufu sniffed twice. “The fourth. From the fourth bush.”
“Um ...”
“I’m correct. Say I am correct.”
“Well, we’ll do this with more certainty.” Theormi gripped Khufu’s shoulders and herded him far from the roses. Her fingers touched him like a swallow of wine. “Let’s try this again.”
Khufu succeeded the next three attempts.
Theormi said, “It’s a trick.”
“A trick? That the age, temperature and bush scent a rose individually? Your mind is not merely for the harem. How do you judge your king?”
Theormi bent two fingers against her chin. “You give me much to mull, Sire.”
The two had taken another step together when the Royal Gardener appeared.
“Kani,” Khufu said.
Kani saluted the God-king, blurted “Thank you” to Theormi, and dashed away.
Khufu and Theormi continued walking. “Why did he say that to you?”
“A few nights ago, he said his wife was staying with an ill cousin in the south, and his baby son couldn’t sleep without her. So I stayed with the boy.”
“Simply stayed with him?”
“Well,” Theormi said with a sway of her head, “I began singing curious songs, songs I didn’t remember until I started singing them.”
She or me. “They must have been sung to you.”
“I suppose. I don’t recall any family or my native land. Anyway, the boy fell asleep and now every instance that Kani sees me he thanks me.”
Khufu imagined the melodies of Theormi’s songs. He took her hand, sliding his palm across her fingertips. “Perhaps you’ll sing to me sometime. A sweet ushering into dream.”
Theormi shivered.
“Are you cold, maiden?”
“No, Sire.”
“Do you recall anything more of your upbringing?”
“Nearly nothing. My memories are of traveling.”
“For all you know, you were a princess stolen as an infant from your regal father and mother. That’d make a story.”
“It’s dear of you to believe that a possibility, Majesty.”
Khufu searched Theormi’s eyes, eager to discover royal lineage there.
The couple wended near the wooden-framed greenhouse, draped with linen and nightshade’s violet flowers. He veered toward it but Theormi proceeded past. “You’re heading on, maiden?”
“Oh ... I planned to wander, your Majesty.”
Khufu bowed, partly to hide his disappointment. “Enjoy.”
“Thank you, Sire.”
He continued only a few more steps to the greenhouse. Stopping, closing his eyes, Khufu listened to Theormi’s receding footfalls while imagining her stride.
Once inside the greenhouse’s perfumes of purple rose, red poppy and blue lotus, Khufu’s legs weakened. He resisted the urge to grasp his knees. He stretched up to draw his fullest breath. Rather than steady him, the bouquet staggered him.
Closing his eyes, Khufu saw on the back of his eyelids his death mask staring back at him from the delta. In the next instant, a second arrow, this one invisible, magical and cast by the Gods, speared him in every pore at once. Their collective strike ravished spine, legs, eyes, heart, phallus and name from him. Screaming was all he could do, but he had no tongue. He swooned into the healing hands of Isis.
Moments passed before Khufu remembered himself in the greenhouse, no longer staring at his gray mask but hearing Isis’s heavenly lullabies and inhaling the bloom of figs in boiling cream.
The Gods intend for me to remember that I am mortal as well as divine. I am not of them fully yet. Until death kills my mortal half, I am mortal still with mortal needs. I am Khufu. I need Theormi.
How long had he been dead to his need for a queen? To wake and find himself in a desert as the only feeling grain of sand. His Isis cure was Theormi’s motion in his eyes, pelvis and heart.
Yet, this new reality threatened Theormi. Should Queen Meritates suspect that her husband yearned with desperation for Theormi as he had once yearned for her, she would compel Theormi’s slaughter. No God-king’s decree or threat would deter the Queen and her minions. Nothing must bring notice to Theormi. Khufu began to plan.
First, he said a prayer to Goddess Isis.

Just past noon, thousands of workers cooled in the Nile or reclined across the pyramid site with meals of bread, onions, catfish and beer. Sitting with Kenna and their droopy-eyed friend Pabes in the shade of his team’s next stone, Mehi welcomed daydreaming about An-khi without having to keep up with the foreman’s “Pull, you pull” tempo.
With red ocher, a scribe numbered the team’s stone with its position in the pyramid. Mehi leaned over to add on it, pulsing with heat, “The Virile Team.”
Kenna flashed his white teeth. “Name it, Mehi. Make it a pet.”
Mehi’s grin bulged his cheeks.
Kenna chomped an onion, displaying his missing front tooth. Face still flushed from the team’s shift, he gazed up to the sky the blue of glazed faience. “I love onions. They’re fleshy and fragrant. They remind me of women.”
Mehi laughed. “And you remind women of onions.”
“You’re right—women do love me. I don’t do anything for it. Gods bless me.”
“‘Gods give one blessing to every fool.’”
“Your girl’s your blessing.”
Pabes said, “She’s rich, right? I can tell by her name.”
“Sure she is,” Kenna said, his mouth packed with onion. “Her father’s the nak governor. She’s got these cheeks you can use as handholds.”
Pabes elbowed Kenna. “Upper or lower cheeks?”
Kenna said, “Did you meet up with her today?”
Mehi grinned. “We’ve quickly become quite … well, close.”
“What aren’t you saying?”
“Well ... we were strolling kind of slow. She’d come close; I’d sneak my arms around her. At first we’d touch quick, then we cinched up in each other’s arms as much as we left them. The thrill that she seemed so happy to be with me … Then I noticed,” Mehi said, “this pressure in my middle.”
Kenna and Pabes hooted him. “Lower, Mehi.”
“Listen,” said Mehi, trying to calm them though he too grinned. “We went on walking and hugging, and I couldn’t control this pressure, hot and itchy, in my middle.”
“We’ve lost our baby, Pabes,” Kenna said.
“Finally I walk a little distance away from An-khi. By this time, I’m dying. So I’m over there, trying to make water, but it’s not easy. In fact, it hurts.”
“Deep hurt.” Kenna and Pabes were now bent over laughing. Team members smiled over at their commotion.
“I finish but I’m still tender. I realized this must be something about An-khi.”
“Wise, Mehi.”
“Gods, my fluids were in an uproar all day.” Mehi reached for a ladle in a pot of water.
Pabes clapped Kenna’s back. “In fact, it hurts.”
Foremen called out the team names. The thousands including the Virile Team readied for the stone procession’s final hours of the day. Kenna chewed the last of his bread. He tapped Mehi’s shoulder. “Pabes, if Mehi can get a woman, there’s even hope for you.”
“Aw, fall off,” Pabes said.
“Mehi’s better off with anyone than that pig Wabt.”
“Don’t say that. She’s not that bad.”
“Who’s Wabt?”
Kenna said, “A devil of nastiness, except to Mehi here.”
Mehi said, “You’re friends with her too.”
“I tell you, keep being nice to Wabt and you’ll never get rid of her. She expects you two’ll set up a house together.”
“She doesn’t.”
Kenna shrugged. “Believe what you want.” His eyes shifted onto something behind Mehi, then waving to someone there. “Heh, there’s another woman giving out her little heart for me.”
Mehi and Pabes turned. Mehi knew her. He ran to her as fast as he could while balancing the ladle of water still in his hand. “An-khi, what are you doing here?”
She eyed his broad, bared shoulders. “I remembered this was mealtime and expected I could find you.”
“You should volunteer on the serving lines. You’d be sure to find me.”
“Are those your friends?”
“Yes. We’re about to get working again.”
“Quickly then. I wanted to tell you that I wouldn’t be able to meet you in the morning. My witless sister ran away.”
Sebek did too. “Why did she do that?”
“She got angry with Father.”
“Mother just makes talismans when she’s angry at Father.”
“Snebtisi is afraid Father’s going to marry her—the eldest daughter— you know, to protect his property like royalty does.” She flicked an eyebrow. “Some officials in Annu are doing it.”
He gawked at An-khi. Could nobles be this remote from his life? Was An-khi a part of this nonsense?
“So, we’ve got to find her.” An-khi stretched up and kissed Mehi’s cheek. Their first kiss.
Mehi fingered the oval her lips had drawn.
“You should get back.” An-khi walked off, turning to smile at Mehi.
Mehi received her gaze as if gathering wildflowers. His chest charged with new breath.

In the late afternoon the next day, after locating her sister, An-khi nestled in warm sand of the cove she shared with Mehi, and which she believed concealed her. This cove, riverscape, contours, breezes and Mer’s particular slope of sunlight described home to her. An-khi would have pressed her influence with her father had he not at first agreed to place his estate near Mer rather than in Hituptah, the province’s capital.
An-khi pictured Mehi at the pyramid, his shoulders broad and glistening. 
Mehi’s very voice re-planted her roots in Mer like the songs of its wharf men, gossip around the village wells, and buzz of honeybees at the village hives. All voices of her larger family. 
Breezes played along An-khi’s stomach and breasts. Gooseflesh erected.
Running with Mehi on the shore, legs churning and feet stinging on hot pebbles before they jumped into the Nile, An-khi continually felt herself singing even when she wasn’t singing out loud. 
Tenderness in An-khi’s pelvis swelled. She massaged a similar stirring in her breast. It smarted at the touch. This sensation was never so sharp. Moisture rose between An-khi’s legs. Under the tunic, she fingered her breast’s weight. Had it ever been this heavy? The more she pinched the breast, the more it whetted. She hummed two low notes. An-khi nudged the nipple with her forefinger. How stiff.
Moist heat forked from her middle. She circled a finger in it. 
People kept telling her about how Mehi prevented a boy’s death in the river. He was a hero. His force was as strong as her father’s.
Mehi sweats with those beautiful men stripped to the waist, muscles straining against the ropes twisted around the stones.
Heat steamed up An-khi’s stomach. It swept into her breasts and cheeks. Her mouth dropped open. Breaths sputtered. Right hand gripping and re-gripping her breast, her left thumb skimmed the gem of her hem-t. Fever bristled her temples.
Also, her father did not love what she and Mehi loved: morning coos of doves, yellow mums among jacaranda, the slippery swallow of cucumber with sweet nutsedge, and, of course, tumbling in the Inundation.
His hair shines and skin glistens. He brings his fingers closer, closer.
An-khi’s hips pitched up, calves and shoulders pressed down. Her thighs, toes and top of her scalp quivered. Palms, breasts and lips moistened.
An-khi flicked the gem. She rolled it between thumb and finger, stopping just before it hurt. Again. Harder. Hotter. Her breaths sped faster and sounded lower. She raked her nipples, clamped the breasts.
His fingers enter her.
She wriggled her fingertips into her furrow. In time, from her vaginal well, a quiver blazed up her spine. She gasped. Breaths stopped, teeth clenched, eyes shut, An-khi’s body shook and her groan was coarse and long. She gripped her hands into the sand—to hold on.
Minutes after, An-khi lay as if dissolving into the sand. Catching her breath, she looked down and imagined Mehi at her breast. She held him there.
Behind her, An-khi heard the swish of a foot slipping across sand. She twisted back. Someone ducked down behind the hollow. “Who’s there? Is someone there?”
Underneath the crossed palms, the face of a female rose above the bank.
An-khi sat up. “Why are you spying on me?”
The woman, about An-khi’s age and wearing coarse linen, rose up but was looking down at her hands.
“Well?”
“I didn’t mean to spy on you,” the woman said. “I was following you, I mean, not to spy, but I was following you. Then, I saw you there and I ... I ... never seen it before.”
“Oh, you mean, what I was doing?”
The woman made the slightest nod.
“You haven’t done it yourself?”
She lifted her eyes long enough to blush. “No, no, no. Sure, men have done the other thing to me but you ... enjoyed it.”
An-khi guessed that this woman must not have a father like An-khi’s who presented the model of a good man. “What’s your name?”
“Wabt.”
“Wabt? Mehi’s friend? He’s mentioned you.”
“He has? Mehi has talked about me?”
“Yes.” But he hadn’t mentioned Wabt was infatuated with him. “Why were you following me?”
Wabt’s voice dropped low. “Because Mehi spends most all his time with you.”
This poor girl. “Rather than follow after me, you should talk to him—about how you feel.”
“No, no, no. I couldn’t.”
“Then he may never know.”
Wabt trembled from head to foot. She looked out to the river. “Mehi loves Nile water.”
“Yes, he does.” An-khi considered a different approach. “Wabt, did you wish to ask me about how to enjoy it—what I was doing?”
Wabt’s brows scrunched and jaw muscles rippled.
“Let me offer, don’t allow a man to steal your enjoyment. And they can’t unless you let them.”
Wabt shouted, “Who do you think you are? Some foreign-village woman coming here and ... forcing your disgusting pleasures?”
An-khi flinched. “I meant only —”
“I don’t care what you meant. Go back to your whoring, you tem foreign woman.” Wabt spun about and rushed off, disappearing below the hollow.
An-khi frowned. These poor women with weak fathers.

A week later as the setting sun cremated itself in its final horrible flames, new High-priest Siptah escorted a hooded figure into the corridors of Hituptah’s Ptah Temple. Siptah stepped through the hall quick and light, his guest followed slow and sure. In the first of Egypt’s temples to be composed entirely of stone, their footsteps echoed hollow off the dark columns carved with images of Ptah and his wife, lioness-headed Sekmet, goddess of war. They came to the sanctuary and its twenty-foot statue of Ptah, painted gold with dark blue skull cap, goatee and body-length scepter. 
Underneath the statue, Siptah turned to face his guest. “We are brothers,” Siptah said, presenting his arms. “We wish the best for Egypt, dear Vizier Shaf.”
The guest pulled down his hood, his dark eye glinting. “We are brothers,” Shaf said, not smiling. “We each love our enemies for challenging us to new heights.”
The High-priest indicated pillows on the floor beside a fire pot. The moment the two sat, Shaf poked his sharp face at the priest. Siptah flinched and withdrew, his small eyes darting away. “As the new High-Priest, you find yourself in a war to protect your power. Khufu might at any instant halt the tribute to your temples, the tribute that feeds you.”
Siptah adjusted his white gown. “We are secure as long as Khufu is not a fool.”
“In this war of influence, capturing the people’s faith is the most potent weapon, wouldn’t you agree? They rally about King Khufu.”
“You travel in a different circle than I, dear vizier. Last year’s meager Inundation and this year’s apparent repeat of failure have caused doubt throughout the kingdom. He is conquerable.”
“Conquerable, priest? You don’t talk of conquering the God-king literally, do you?”
Siptah cleared his throat. “Of course, I mean ‘conquerable’ in a purely abstract context.”
“Undoubtedly.” Shaf grinned at the High-priest. “For he is not conquerable by you, alone, even abstractly. However, don’t despair my dear Siptah. I have a plan.”
“Bless this Temple. Whatever can your plan entail?”
Shaf smirked. “Maintain your cold tone if you are able after I state this: My plan is for you to kill the Hap Bull.”
“Kill? Kill the Hap Bull? You say such a thing.”
“You face me now, and with a bit of blood in your cheeks.” Shaf bowed. “I say such a thing. Kill the Hap.”
Siptah stared at the vizier. Over his shoulder, the Ptah statue seemed to stare down too at Shaf. The pot’s low flame exposed the priest’s and vizier’s facial pores as hard and sharp. “This jest is perhaps better told to one other than the High-priest of Hituptah, Guardian of the Hap.”
Shaf said nothing. He smiled.
Siptah’s voice pitched higher with each word. “It can’t be done. It can’t be done.”
“It,” said Shaf, clapping his hands sharply once, “must.” The clap reverberated against the stone clouds and reeds. “Should you destroy the Bull, in the most unnatural manner, the people will believe that the God-king has arranged it to weaken your connection to the Divine. They will turn from their king.”
Siptah peered at Shaf, seeming to consider a moment. “In all due respect to your exalted office, perhaps to a higher degree than you might possess, I wonder whether your intentions can be—shall I say—benevolent.”
The vizier’s head tilted. “Someone will follow in the great line of Egyptian God-kings. Should the Gods will that it be sooner rather than later ... well ...”
Siptah’s shoulders dropped. His eyes narrowed on the prince. “I understand, my brother friend. Your esteem for Egypt is manifest.”
“Of course, my stratagem requires your producing the next Hap before Khufu does. By this you will prove to the citizens the divine right of your religion and the fault of the King.”
“How might we acquire assurance to be first in locating a calf with the proper markings?”
“That is my plan’s brilliance.” Shaf smiled. “Even now I possess such a calf.” The vizier folded his arms across his chest, grin spreading, seemingly awaiting Siptah’s praise. None came. “At the appointed time you will walk with the calf down Annu’s streets amid the crowds of citizens rejoicing in the new Hap. I will elevate you as a hero.”
Eyes narrowing on the vizier, Siptah drew back his head a precise distance.
Shaf pointed a finger at the High-priest. “Remember, it would not promote the Great Temple of Ptah for Khufu to be counseled by his vizier that the assassin at his Heb-Sed, who killed his eldest son, frequented these grounds on a regular basis. Yes, I the vizier know this truth.”
The priest blinked. His tongue flicked between his lips.
Shaf eased back. “Exquisitely good.”
The friends rose.
Shaf turned up the hood. “I counsel you—do the act bloodily. More blood is better, don’t you think?” With that, Vizier Shaf bowed, grinned, and sauntered from the dark stony room.
When alone, Siptah said, “Greedy, short-sighted, untrustworthy and no follower of the Word of Ptah or even of Ra. Yet, he is serviceable.”


Chapter 6
VEILED AS ECLIPSE
Mid-evening, sixteen days after encountering Khufu by chance at the garden door, Theormi heard her name called from the outside the harem.
“Prepare for the God-king.”
From the lobby’s golden divan, she stood, body erect and eyes wide. Other harem women just returning from palace duties sneered at her or poked up their noses as they headed over the plush carpets to their rooms deeper in the harem. In the harem due to Queen Meritates’ desire for foreign attendants, Theormi had fulfilled the usual duties—until now.
She moved into the courtyard near that fateful door to the garden. Chamberlain Ramose waited at attention. “Me?”
“Do not question. Here’s what you will ask. Ask for poetry.”
“Poetry?”
Ramose withdrew three precise steps. She hesitated.
Over the past ten days, Ramose had escorted one harem woman after another to the God-king’s chambers. But Theormi knew that a King’s sexual relations were usually confined to the Queen or secondary wives. Peculiar as well, each harem woman returned from her visit moaning lengthy accounts of “sublime” encounters that were, nevertheless, lacking in detail, no matter how many questions they were asked. Theormi concluded that the women had invented their stories—and the moans. Still, if nothing occurred, why were the women summoned?
She re-entered the harem, dropped her cloth and donned a gown from the cedar wardrobe. Viewed in a four-foot polished silver mirror, the sheer fabric shaded where her dark skin sloped against it. Its wide shoulder straps pressed tightly over her breasts. The mirror also reflected the envious eyes of two harem women. Theormi met their gaze. They looked away.
Throughout their garden walk, the God-king and she had spoken easily. Khufu attended to her, even charmed her. Cautioned by these harem women to fear him, she realized that, simply, she liked him.
Theormi revolved her back to the mirror. There, the gown’s low-cut back revealed two five-inch scars crossing her spine. She recalled the whip that caused them—in a similar palace where she served as a special object of scorn. Of that time, she remembered little else.
“I will escort you now,” the chamberlain said through the portal.
“Tu.” Theormi popped into her mouth a fingertip of honey.
Walking with Ramose through the palace corridors to the God-king, Theormi’s heart hammered and her lips stuck dry. Her leather sandals ignored her efforts to soften their clacking on the tiles. She spotted Prince Merhet shadowing them, ducking behind pillars, but was too involved with her own direction to concern herself with his.
Once at Khufu’s silver door, the chamberlain warned, “You will not say his name.”
“You mean his secret name?”
“What? How do you know about his secret na—never mind. That name you will never learn. No, don’t say ‘Khufu.’”
“But—”
She was about to inform Ramose that Khufu had given to her his permission to say his name, but he prodded her inside the suite. Before she knew, Theormi stood alone in Khufu’s foyer separated from the God-king’s bedroom by golden curtains. She wondered whether she should wait there.
Her reflex answered for her. She swept aside the curtains and poked her head through. She found there a room larger than any Per-O chamber except for the Hall of Pillars. Torchlight sputtered onto lotus flowers floating in a stone pond. Theormi surveyed the suite’s limestone vases, alabaster lamps, huge papyrus books, the canopied bed, and her God-king.
While she measured the God-king’s suite, he had looked on.
“You no longer fear me, maiden?”
“No, Majesty.”
Eyeing her, Khufu lifted to his lips a ladle of water from a vase, drinking slowly. As in their first meeting, Theormi didn’t so much see Khufu as feel him; his feet seemed to bear a weight greater than that of his body alone.
“Feel at ease, Theormi.”
“Sire, may I address you by name?”
“I granted that, haven’t I?” Khufu’s low voice strummed warmth through her.
She thankfully needn’t resist the urge to say his name. “Thank you, good King Khufu.” Letting go of the curtain, Theormi stepped into the suite, her sandals tapping on the turquoise tiles.

To Khufu, her strides like those of a panther commanded the ground.
To Theormi, his eyes painted their color on hers.
“Yes, your movement. The Gods created a dancer in you.” Khufu’s throat parched despite his just drinking.
Theormi settled near the pond, an arm’s length from the God-king. She swore that the heat she felt across her body stemmed from him. “Senbeb, your Majesty.”
Through her honeyed breath, Khufu isolated her sex’s aroma—figs boiling in cream. “Would you care for wine?” Khufu stepped toward her and held out a goblet. “I steeped in it a lotus flower.”
Taking the goblet, Theormi worried whether she could swallow.
“Since you’re such an eager reader, you may know that the blue lotus is Egypt’s symbol—the union of Lower and Upper Egypt. And every union.” Khufu’s smile balled his cheeks and inclined the outer corners of his eyes. Khufu felt such comfort and ease in Theormi’s presence. Again. “I’ve waited thirty-three years—since Ka’ab’s birth. I waited for you.”
“Majesty?”
“Since our walk in the garden, I’ve understood my need. I seek one to love.”
Theormi pulled back to read the God-king’s eyes. “The harem women for ten days. You waited through them until ... me.” Her fingers and toes tingled. “You chose me.” In her sight, Khufu’s every edge sharpened. Her eyes saw him with clarity she’d never known.
“Your eyes are as clear as faith. I see there a sparkling brook where thoughts dart like tigerfish.”
Theormi felt his heartbeat rap into her chest.
“Each God is matched with a Goddess.”
Theormi flinched. What could he mean?
“Come, sweet one—to the roof with us.” Khufu grabbed Theormi’s elbow and tugged her to the rear of the chamber.
Theormi’s mind in a jumble, they whisked up a ramp, through a trap door and onto the roof, the air light and fresh. Above them, stars embedded in a black loam sky. Her mind cleared. “Khufu, it’s beautiful.”
From this summit, the two viewed all of Annu—tiered officials’ homes, blockish winepress, granary, and sweeping Ra Temple. Behind the palace, the canal shimmered among shadows, flowing west from Khufu’s lake toward the Nile.
“This is the same sky,” Khufu said, scanning the night, “seen by nobles and commoners, lonely or loved.” He took Theormi’s hand and entwined his fingers with hers. “They all hope to escape loneliness by coupling with something larger than themselves.”
“For example, their God-king?”
Scanning Theormi’s face, Khufu paused a moment, remembering. “I told you how honey bees learn the direction to nectar by brushing against the scout bee as he dances.” Khufu looked out to the night. “The citizens must know my dance. Through the spectacle of my pyramid, they see me when they work, when they love, when they watch the sky. Through it, we combine in the heavens like the pyramid’s faces.”
“Imagine the connection.”
“See that bright light there?” Khufu asked, pointing into the sky. “That light is Sba aabti, the planet that moves forward but comes back. And there?” He pointed in another direction. “That’s Sba amenti, the bull’s heaven.”
“They shine differently than the stars.”
“Exactly. That’s why I brought you up here. Unique lights—one for each of us.”
“Am I the bull, then?”
Khufu smiled. He strode the last step to her, touching belly to belly.
Theormi’s throat clenched. She worried whether a queen shouldn’t be in her place, and sought a way to slow him. “Poetry, my God-king—may I hear your poetry?”
“Ah,” he said, smiling, “my chamberlain.” His eyebrows hiked up. “I write in my poetry book mostly to watch and feel the words form in their lines and curves across the paper. They come to life like animals against the landscape.”
“Like Gods’ words.”
“Tu.” Khufu thought a moment. “Very well.”
Perfume of the blue lotus
alights upon us like mist
Drops of our love-making
dapple sycamores outdoors
Theormi caught Khufu’s scent of burning hemp. Had his body heat caused her sudden fever? Chasing after his hemp scent, no longer wondering over her place, Theormi reached her arms beneath his, extending her palms to the backs of his shoulders. She fingered the shapes of his back.
Khufu embraced her, her cheek coming to rest on his chest. “I’m hungry for your eagerness.”
Theormi too marveled at her nerve. That a mere serving girl asserted herself in a queen’s position shocked her as much as if she had suddenly spoken a new language. One movement simply tumbled into the next.
Khufu savored the glide of her fingernails. They dissolved an ancient solitude like a casing of amber that began with his birth as the future God-king. Walls fell and sensations wakened raw. “I’ve forgotten such curiosity. A woman showing her need.”
As if in free fall, they drew together, their lips parting.
Then, the sound of feet, many feet, rapping on the ramp to the roof halted them. Apparently seeing something behind Theormi, Khufu dropped his smile. “Cover yourself; a chill wind blows.”
Theormi moved to escape.
“Stay,” Khufu said.
Twenty servants assumed the Queen’s stately pace, requiring several minutes to snake themselves to Khufu and Theormi. Several coiled around the harem woman. Then, her Majesty Queen Meritates bristled forward.
Khufu said, “Stealth just isn’t your way, is it, dear?”
“Majesty,” said Meritates, her voice calm and immaculate as a desert, “if you have terminated your diversion,” glancing at Theormi, “matters of State require our presence.”
“You are the diversion.”
“We have the matter with the Keben King awaiting at this moment for our royal greeting in the King of Egypt’s Throne Room. He has especially rescheduled his time with you to this hour.”
“Ah, you mean you changed his appointment time.”
“How long will you tarry with your … sport?”
“Until a stay in the desert warmed you.”
The Queen sniffed. “Shall I inform our guest that you refuse to see him?”
“You’ve said enough to him, I’m certain.” Khufu turned to Theormi. “I’ll join the King presently.”
Meritates sniffed and turned on her heels. She minced out the door, her retinue behind following like a tail.
After the Queen’s departure, Theormi said, “She is amazing. She never alters.”
“She’s a kantharit.”
“The love potion?”
“Made of dead beetles. However seductive, there is still the taste of death.”
“Should you see to the king?”
“Yes, Keben timber.” The God-king strode to his pond and plucked out a lotus blossom. “This evening, wear the lotus.”

Invited to an evening “Adoration of Hathor” celebration, Mehi visited the estate of An-khi’s esteemed mother Heria and father Governor Paser.
A guard checked a papyrus list to clear him to pass the towered gateway. He crossed a row of fig and date palm trees that obscured a seven-foot high wall surrounding the estate. The breeze seemed fresher here than in Mehi’s home. Nearly two weeks since Sebek left, his mother rarely spoke, his father often gone.
Mehi followed a sycamore-lined path, lit by standing torches, past a private chapel larger than his parent’s home, to the courtyard of the sharp-cornered, two-story manor. Its ten or more rooms reminded Mehi of his mother’s lessons: “Behave justly toward the Gods, God-king, superiors and attendants; you will enjoy long life, health and respect.” His mother had always assured him that this belief would lead him to a life as noble as Paser’s.
That Horemheb occupied himself with little but scowling and that Khety not only managed the home but also worked the village fields, Mehi saw how work define some people. Already Mehi belonged on the pyramid, the most noble of mansions.
High-pitched chatter and low chortles from behind the manor warned Mehi of a large gathering there. Walking through the courtyard onto the grounds past long cages in which orange-striped cats sprawled, Mehi came upon clumps of about seventy-five or so guests gathered around a formal pool. To Mehi its water gleamed like liquid lapis lazuli. Lotus blossoms floated on its gemlike surface. Relieved that no one gave him any notice, he spied An-khi in the midst of several bright-robed young men. By her lips’ crinkling, brows’ twitches and eyes’ sheen, he guessed what she was saying. He may not know anybody here or wear tunics as rich as theirs—Mehi was bare above the waist—but a woman who loved him belonged here.
An-khi beckoned him to her circle of friends.
Instead, Mehi closed his eyes and imagined her touching his lips, belly and hands, revealing herself to him alone. Her caresses uplifted him as when he mounted the pyramid—uniting with a holy body grander than himself.
An-khi excused herself from her guests to join him. “Why didn’t you come over?”
“I wanted to watch you.”
“Yes, and I like seeing those bare shoulders.” She clapped her hand to his right shoulder. Then An-khi pulled him away. “Now, be sure, when my father asks his questions, don’t tell him your father’s name or even that he’s a stonecutter.”
“I don’t think your father knows about the tomb-robbery.”
“He’s the governor; he knows. And I know you. You’ll want to answer with the truth. This one time, be sly.”
“It’s our secret.” Mehi kissed An-khi. On the lips. It was the one thing he’d come to the estate to do. “Our secret.” 
She paused a moment and smiled. “As you can tell, my mother is serious on the subject of cats. When you meet her, talk about cats and clothes.” An-khi patted his shoulder. “You’ll be fine. I must greet more neighbors.”
Alone, Mehi toured beyond where the guests were gathered to the estate’s beds of peas and leeks. Sunbirds rustled among the orange dates of a palm tree. At a well patio, in which steps led down to a platform, a servant drew up water by rope and bucket. Paser had his own well. Further exploration brought Mehi to servants’ quarters, kitchen, stables and a cattle yard. Mehi thought he’d known how much Egypt had to offer, but this estate’s revelation whirled in his mind like a fly cooped up in his parents’ back room.
Wishing to escape more discoveries about how differently he and An-khi lived, Mehi returned to the party. As he did, a woman two or three years older than Mehi squiggled through a pack of guests toward him. Her thin pale lips sliced across her thin pale face. “You must be Mehi,” she said even before she arrived, barely checking Mehi’s eyes before she surveyed others nearby. “I’m An-khi’s sister. Snebtisi? I’m sure she’s mentioned me. I’m the oldest, you know. It’s odd you haven’t been here earlier. It’s almost like she’s hiding you from us. Why is that? I wished to meet you to see for myself what was wrong with you. You seem plain enough though, I must say.” She glanced back at him and then continued her survey.
He squeezed in his “Senbeb” greeting before Snebtisi continued on.
“They’re continually calling me ‘The White One’ and said that An-khi would marry before me because she is so, so lovely.” Snebtisi coughed while managing to wheeze out her next words. “Yet, it’s not coming out like that because I’m moving into an enormous new home with my own mate very, very soon. We’ll have an enormous wedding. Bigger than any person in this little town ever saw.”
“Congratulations,” Mehi said as Snebtisi waved to a guest. “Is he here today?”
“Hmn, yes. There he is. He’s that quite tall, dignified fellow at the beer bowls.”
Mehi couldn’t decide which man at the bowls was tall or dignified before Snebtisi coughed again and gushed on. Her cough reminded Mehi of the “flying sand” disease one of his neighbors had. But it didn’t affect rich people.
“Do you enjoy my earrings? Father got them in Annu. You can’t get them in any street market in this area, you understand. Pardon me.”
Seconds passed before Mehi realized Snebtisi had departed. His mind shook at her whir of words. An-khi’s complaints about her sister might be justified, but Mehi had said similar things about Sebek and still missed him.
Mehi wandered back to the manor’s courtyard. Marveling at the palm and the balcony it shaded, he dodged a servant hurrying out a tray of food. “Usheb na.”
He leaned inside the front doorway, peeking for anyone who could spot him, before he stepped in. One step. His feet found not packed earth but yellow glazed tiles, bone-hard and cool. Behind a pair of four-foot, azure pots in the foyer, spread carpets, pillows—and even chairs, not stools—in a chamber large enough to require six columns. The orange columns towered twenty feet to the ceiling where paintings of sparrows on a grape trellis sang muted love songs.
On the grounds again, Mehi sidled to a buffet of pumpkins, radishes, lentils, roasted oryx and ibex, date-sweetened wine and red beer. Carrying his meal and seeking a place to eat, he watched An-khi pour water for an elderly guest. At that moment, he collided into An-khi’s mother. As Heria was saying, “This is what they wear in Annu,” Mehi knocked into her so hard that they both grunted and the wine in her goblet spilled fully onto her sandals. His body stuck against her for an awkward moment. 
He blurted, “Usheb na, usheb na.” Now surrounded by a gaggle of Heria’s intimates, each with aghast-opened mouths, he glimpsed An-khi thirty feet away grabbing her forehead at Mehi’s forceful introduction to her mother.
“You’re An-khi’s friend?” Heria asked, eyebrows arched, shaking her wet foot.
“I’m afraid so.”
Heria said, “Ladies, this is my An-khi’s little friend—Mehi.”
The others lit up. “Such a lovely child is An-khi,” said one lady. “Albeit lacking kohl.”
“You’re correct. My daughter is so lovely she needn’t wear the kohl as some women’s daughters do.” Heria’s smile exposed an inch of gum above her teeth.
Mehi knew that An-khi’s answer to why she didn’t wear kohl was a question: “Why shade the sun?”
“Mehi?” said a lady with a long nose. “That’s rather a child’s name, isn’t it, dear?”
“Not at all,” said Heria with a polite, high-pitched laugh. “It is a title for Osiris after all.”
“My mother wanted me to be a priest,” Mehi said.
“A priest? Then I must know your mother.”
For Mehi to aspire to the priesthood, this lady must expect his mother moves in the same well-to-do circle as herself. “My mother named me because she wanted it more than she believed it would happen.”
“Ah.” Her lips pursed. “I see.”
Heria drew up as stiff as a rod. Several ladies fidgeted, some cleared their throats.
Mehi dragged his mind for a way to escape gracefully. “You own so many beautiful cats, Madam Heria.”
Heria leaned back, pupils rolling up in her head until only the whites showed. She trilled, “My angels.” Mehi had found safe ground. She recited the history of her twelve beloved creatures, their special diets, select grooming and dire illnesses. Her speech ended with, “Doesn’t everyone love these elegant creatures?”
Considering this a test, Mehi said, “Everyone I know does.” That seemed wrong. “We—my mother—would envy ... I mean, she’d love these beautiful animals on your grounds.”
“Is that so? I’ll be pleased for you to select a darling for your dear mother.”
Afraid he’d rudely hinted that she should offer one of her pets, Mehi said, “No, no. Don’t do that.”
Heria braced up and seemed to grow several inches taller. “I shouldn’t offer a beloved pet to your family?” She squinted down her nose at Mehi. The other ladies again edged about for a better sightline of him. Sweat tickled his hairline.
Intending to explain he wasn’t this stupid, Mehi said, “No, I mean, you can, of course. What you want ...”
Heria’s nose aimed at him like an arrow on a drawn bow.
“I meant ...” Mehi had no idea what he meant. At last, he settled for his present humiliation and shut his mouth.
A few minutes later, An-khi put her hand on Mehi’s forearm. “How’d it go with my mother?”
Mehi paused. “Your sister isn’t much like you.”
“Oh, her. Father is sharp with her, being the elder daughter, especially when she’s sick.”
“Why when she’s sick?”
“Since she’s oldest. Should she marry, her husband could claim the estate, especially if she were to die.”
“That eldest daughter madness again.” He again shook his head.
“I’ll bring Father over to you.” Mehi’s heart jumped like a gigged toad. “Then you’ll have met them all.”
In a few moments, too few for Mehi, An-khi escorted toward him, arm-in-arm, a gentleman sporting a carved walking stick. Mehi tried to form a smile that was more mature than his childish grin.
“Father,” An-khi said, “this is the sweetest boy in all Egypt. You be nice to him or I’ll be upset with you.”
“Well, we can’t have that, can we? Pleased to make your acquaintance, young man.”
“An-khi speaks highly of you, Father.”
“We are fond of our An-khi.”
Strain in Mehi’s legs and arms began to subside. Paser was a cordial man, certainly a model student of the “Instruction of Wisdom.”
An-khi left them. Then, Paser glared into Mehi’s eyes. “What do you mean to do with my daughter?”
“When?”
“Young man. Do you plan to settle her into your house?”
“I don’t have a house. Yet.”
Paser scowled. “Will you just throw a mud hut together like some commoner?”
“Houses aren’t easy to set up. Not like yours, anyway.”
“So, you depend upon her father to build it for you.”
“No, sir. My father is the best stonecutter in Mer.”
“Is he? What is his name?”
What a blunder. Mehi thought to escape this trap by using what had worked before. “All these beautiful cats on your estate, sir, you must really love them.”
“Hate ’em.”
Mehi gulped. “Uh, I understand congratulations are in order. Your daughter, Snebtisi, I mean. I understand she’s to be married.” He offered his forearm.
“What gave you that idea?”
Mehi’s forearm hovered in the air all alone. “Snebtisi told me, sir.”
Paser’s face flared up from a glower to wild-eyed anger. He snorted and marched off, cane stabbing the ground. When he tracked down Snebtisi at the far side of the gathering, he yelled loud enough for Mehi to hear but not make out. Snebtisi broke into tears and ran toward the mansion, Paser following, cane whipping in the air, guests giving way.
Mehi was glad he’d already gotten his kiss. He wouldn’t have the nerve now.

The next midnight, a full day for Khufu to stagnate due to the slow Inundation and Meritates’ dam against Theormi’s balm, he walked between the garden’s rose bushes and the greenhouse reflecting on their walk here. He reflected that when playing on a harp a melody that he’d committed to memory, his fingers plucked the proper strings, in proper order and in proper rhythm although he was unmindful of directing them. His fingers possessed their own memory. In this same way, Theormi sang in his muscles. 
Delighted at the depth of feeling she cast in him, he looked up for Sba aabti. Before he could find the planet, the third-quarter moon hooked his eye. Its crescent shape seemed rent savagely as if by a crocodile. By the cold shiver up his spine, Khufu divined that he should go to the Throne Room.
There, the six royal officers, eyes downcast and shoulders weighted, had already assembled on a bench twenty feet from the throne. Behind them, three black pillars with lotus capitals rose thirty feet to dark orange beams spanning the ceiling. Without a word, Khufu sat himself in his throne facing his princes. He posed deadly erect, rigid as the wrought gold lions of the throne’s arms.
Prince Hordedef reported it. He rose before the bench onto the whitewashed floor. “Sire, I apologize for this news. Vizier Shaf has directed me to inform you that ... the Hap Bull is dead.” Pampered in the Hituptah temple, the Hap Bull lived as the direct descendant of the divinity that suckled the child Horus, the patron god of kings. “And, Sire, quite violently done.”
“Murdered?” Khufu asked.
“Unquestionably, your Majesty.”
Khufu’s striped, gold-and-blue satin kerchief hung stiff. He bore his stony stare forward. On the blue and yellow walls, Khufu was depicted in various scenes among lions and eagles as a boy, young prince or king. Earlier in the night beside Theormi, he’d felt as expansive as these depictions, reclaiming the infinity he’d embraced when loving his Queen. But at this hour, that grace was slashed to shreds.
Finally, Khufu spoke. “The Ptah priests will claim of course that we are responsible. Not a bad plot on their part since we can’t prove otherwise. Hordedef, you will investigate.”
The prince bowed.
When a Hap died, the Gods ordained its successor by anointing a calf somewhere in Egypt with particular and sacramental markings, including the white triangle on its forehead. Across the nation, Egyptians scoured every corral, slaughterhouse and calf birth, vying to be first to discover it.
“The rest of you,” Khufu ordered, “locate the next Hap before the priests do, and we resolve this. Show that the Gods favor us.”
Vizier Shaf said, “I’ll search the south while Dedephor and Hordedef search the central area and the delta.”
“Why do you choose south, Shaf?” Hordedef asked.
Shaf’s eyes flickered. “Vizier insight.”


Chapter 7
NOON BLIND
At the start of the inundation season’s fourth and final month, scarlet colors of sunset caught Mehi’s Virile Team scaling one hundred feet up the pyramid’s west face. The team shone as facets of the sun. Their movements melded into those of a single organism, as did the movements of all eight hundred teams into eight hundred organisms. And, as if bequeathed with the sun’s ability to rise, the mantled creatures ascended the pyramid while the sun sank below it.
Mehi licked his dry lips, tasting the barley beer waiting for him when the day’s work ended. But by the time the team pumped to the east, and seeing the low, slow Nile, his taste soured. If only his team could tie their ropes around the river’s source and help God-king Khufu pull out more water.
“All stop,” came from above. Mehi’s stomach clenched. He recalled his spinning during his recent near-fall. The command indicated a repair to a ramp or a re-calculation at the top.
The answering “Stop” of eight hundred foremen echoed against the pyramid. At the head of their team’s left and right ropes, Mehi and Kenna relayed the order behind them. The Virile Team leaned forward, braced against their stone, careful not to slacken their rope. Mehi nodded to his mudder in front, ready to slop mud before the sled’s path and, eight feet up the ramp to the poler of the team ahead, preparing to lever his wooden pole to their stone.
“All clear” came down to them.
Mehi gauged his team.
Kenna’s smile revealed his missing front tooth. “There, there, Mother,” he said to Mehi, sticking out his chin and a thumb to point backward, “we can watch after ourselves. I’ll start up this thing myself.” With a shoulder, he adjusted the yellow bandana around his forehead. His dark curls writhed in the breeze. Clamping the rope with his upper arm against his ribs, he spit onto his hands and then twisted them around the rope.
“Just hold onto your own spit, Tiny.”
Eight hundred echoed, “Ready.”
Mehi bore down on his rope with each of the twenty thousand men in the eight hundred teams around the pyramid. He sensed the eight hundred ropes vibrating like so many silken threads of a spider web, linking them all. Or cocooning them all; the pyramid will emerge.
“One.” Along the pyramid, the teams pressed forward. Their ropes quivered.
“Two.” Twenty thousand hauled up right feet, cocked the knees.
“Go!” Twenty thousand drove feet down. Mehi’s stone rocked a little, then gave way. “Pull, you pull.” Grunts erratic at first, seconds later the team meshed. Mehi warmed in their shared rhythm like in An-khi’s smile. Her image emerged in his mind. He tried to concentrate on his task but her image rooted before him. She beamed as his mother had prior to the crime.
Without knowing why, Mehi yanked up his head. The stone in front shuddered. Jolted. In its five feet he saw the image of a furious Hap Bull, bucking against its attackers. The two-ton stone grated its rope and tore through. Off its sled, it smashed onto the ramp, shaking Mehi.
The mudder and poler leapt left toward the pyramid, the block skidded right. Hoping it’d veer off the ramp, Mehi didn’t warn his team. Their panic might unleash their own stone on the teams below.
The stone, just missing Mehi, grinded toward Kenna and Pabes.
“Free stone,” Kenna shouted, diving to the ground, one foot from the ramp’s edge.
Pabes shuffled backward. The rope jerked in Mehi’s hands for loss of the two men. Other men cried out. He fixed his feet in place. The stone kept lurching toward his friends. Pabes cringed back from the block toward open space. Kenna wobbled, forced to one leg.
Mehi yelled “Hold!”
The foreman repeated the command. Mehi released his rope and jumped toward the stone. He lost sight of Kenna and Pabes behind it. It edged off the ramp. He clapped his hands on the stone as if that would halt it. He again sighted Pabes—hanging from the ramp by his fingers.
To Mehi, Pabes lifted his eyes. They seemed to ask, Am I dead?
Mehi wanted to know, What is it to die?
The stone inched farther, chewing at Pabes’ hands. Its screeches in shredding the ramp drowned out Pabes’ scream. The block tipped over. It swept Pabes away. The stone dropped from sight, sounding no louder than a sigh.
“Mehi.”
It seemed to Mehi that all the sky called to him.
“Mehi.”
By one hand, Kenna clung onto a timber in the crumbling ramp. Mehi heard—far away as in a dream—the stone hit the ground.
Mehi knelt and stretched to his friend. His knees slipped. Dirt skittered down. The ramp edge crumbled beneath him. Through the dust swirling around Kenna, Mehi saw small figures on the ground scampering in all directions. He steadied himself on his belly, then reached for Kenna’s right hand that gripped the timber. Kenna’s left arm dangled at his side, bloodied. Mehi clasped Kenna’s right wrist with both hands. Mehi yelled, “Grab my arm. Grab my arm.”
“I’ll pull you over.”
“You’ve got to grab my arm.”
A three-inch chunk of ramp broke away under Mehi. His torso and head tilted over the ramp. He closed his eyes, bowing back his shoulders.
The two friends stared at one another.
“Don’t let me pull you over.”
“Trust me.”
Kenna released the timber and grasped Mehi’s forearm, kicking his feet into the ramp as if to run up its side. Grunting, sputtering, focused on his hands, Mehi hauled Kenna onto the ramp in a single motion.
Panting, Mehi and Kenna crouched together. They then sprawled back on the ramp.
Moments later, before Kenna stood, Mehi crawled to where the stone had bitten off the ramp. He peeked down the hundred feet of pyramid where Pabes lay beside the stone. A crowd gathered. Some gazed at Pabes, some at the stone, some up at Mehi.
Only then did sweat in one chill shiver sweep over his body. Why hadn’t he warned Pabes sooner?

The next dawn, An-khi’s back grated against hot sand as Mehi pressed on top of her. He had just told her about the pyramid accident and then clamped himself on her, kissing and clasping her hard. The morning so hot, his flesh against hers was painful. She tried to pull back but the sand scratched her. Closing her eyes, she imagined Mehi leaning out from the pyramid, high in the clouds, slipping, slipping, falling ...
An-khi pulled her mouth from his. “Pyramid workers die so often. Many from our own village. Mothers hide their sons from the conscriptors.”
The two lovers loosened their hands from each other.
Mehi said, “It’s an honor to serve.”
“Dying is not an honor.”
“The royal tomb is for everyone. I’m honored on it.” He reached for her.
Pushing herself up, An-khi drew her shoulders from his reach, inviting a cooling breeze between them. “You don’t even seem upset by your friend’s death.”
Mehi sucked a breath. “How can you say that? I looked him in the eye.” He lowered his head. “But, while we’re making of such a colossal monument ... it happens, terribly.”
“Yes, and all too commonplace, if you ask me.”
Mehi’s face reddened. “You used to like pyramid work. We create the God-king’s steps to the stars. When he reaches them, we’re all rewarded by his watching over us, providing for us.”
“Well, my father says it’s a burden.”
“He doesn’t say that out loud.”
An-khi hoisted her chin. “He does. He’s not afraid. He’s doesn’t have to be part of something else to feel powerful.”
“Is that what I’m doing?”
On the sand, they used their arms to support themselves and not the other. “You give up too much. It frightens me. You could have been killed. You thought nothing of dangling yourself over that ramp.”
“That was Kenna there. I didn’t even think about it.”
Heat flushed into An-khi’s face. “That’s just it. You didn’t think about it.”
“Is that something you can think about?”
“Don’t you see how frightening that is?”
“You’re not listening, An-khi.”
“You sound desperate. You feel desperate.” An-khi looked around them. “This doesn’t feel right.”
Mehi looked up at the wide sky. “Why is everything turning wrong?”
An-khi held up her hands. “I want you to have more respect for yourself. More assertion and less sacrifice. Right now you’re so rock-heavy, you sink into yourself.”
“Do you know what it is to love you?”
An-khi wanted to be anywhere else at that moment. She flattened her hands on the sand as if about to leave. “How would I know what it’s like when you’re so crazy about it?” Her voice edged shriller. “You don’t have a life, a drive that moves you on your own.”
“An-khi!” Mehi’s mouth remained open and twisted.
She immediately wished to suck back her words. She eased her shoulders down. “That was unfair. I’m sorry.”
The two lovers, breathing hard, looked off in opposite directions.
“I was just scared, Mehi.”
“Tu. All I can see are Pabes’ eyes—like I’m looking down a well. How long am I going to see those eyes?”
An-khi had her own images—of Mehi in danger—that clung to her. “Were you holding me so hard before because it would … I don’t know, distract you from seeing his eyes.”
“Yes, I think so.” Mehi looked out to the river with her. “I’m ashamed to say it but when he looked up I wanted some sight into dying, some answer. But his eyes question me; they never answer.”
An-khi waited. He seemed to have more he wanted to say.
“An-khi?”
“Yes, my dear.”
At “my dear,” Mehi’s eyes flickered as if for music. “I have something to tell you.”
An-khi missed a breath. She knew what he was about to say.
“An-khi, my family did something ... terrible.”
“Your family did?”
Mehi paused. An-khi clasped his hand. He studied her recessed eyes as if reading his words there. “My father was with terrible people. They robbed a tomb. But he wasn’t with them when they broke in. He cut stone for them.” Mehi drooped back, his chest heaving with deep breaths. “I had to tell you.”
An-khi slid her hand up his forearm. She caressed his ache.

After telling his brother he was leaving home, Sebek had strolled from his parents’ hut into the black night expecting only bright skies. He heeded the fragrance of mystery and fortune.
On the riverbank at dawn, he waved a white cloth like a sail indicating “south” to passing ships and barges. Southbound voyage required sails on the north-flowing river. Sebek pleased himself to embark on a course counter even to the Nile. Escape from Horemheb, Mehi and Khety was his freedom from the usual, common life of drudgery. 
When his message failed to secure immediate passage, Sebek thrust himself among the dock laborers and carried bundles of cattle hides and bushels of emmer wheat onto a low-set barge. “Take me south,” he told the captain afterward. This tact succeeded with a second captain.
Every day for two weeks from first light to last of nightfall, Sebek scrubbed the barge’s deck, repaired sails, served the crew bread and salted tilapia, as well as loaded resins, pots, fans and ointments. He kept an eye out for evidence of his increasing distance from his previous life. But just like in Mer, people on shore in loincloths and short kilts mended fishing nets, cleaned irrigation ditches and hauled water from the river. Ordinary.
When set ashore in Anpu, Sebek’s earlier strategy for gaining passage failed with the fewer boats sailing farther south. It angered him like wasps were stinging him inside his skin. So, he walked. He didn’t need any tem boat captain. On the hundred miles to Gebtu—a town at the Bekhan Trail where he could join up with a caravan crew—Sebek never looked back or thought of home. He had only himself. He liked that.
He reached Gebtu under an afternoon sun. In sight of farm fields near two-story mansions, a group of perhaps thirty people had gathered around a large man wearing on his head what looked like an tiny, upside-down reed basket. The man passed among the children and adults a twenty-inch long mongoose as if he were letting them sample a fabric at market, all the while spouting in a high voice how meek and loving was his “Tesh-Tesh.”
Sebek admired the man’s sleek ease and knew he lied—he made too much of the animal’s gentleness. These people deserved what was coming.
A dark snake appeared—too suddenly—in the crowd. It writhed and spat. “Cobra!” People leapt away shrieking. The large con man, waving an arm in the air and holding the mongoose in the other, called out, “Please do not fear. I assure you my Tesh-Tesh will subdue that snake.”
Several men laughed. “That pet isn’t a challenge even for the geese on my estate.”
“So, well then,” the man said, his high voice oozing what Sebek knew was feigned indignation. “I shall wager these carnelian pebbles,” he pulled something from his skirt but Sebek couldn’t tell whether he actually held any gem, “against one of your geese that my Tesh-Tesh will shake that snake senseless.”
Sebek loved the ploy.
The man set down the animal in front of the black-banded cobra. At the instant the mongoose’s paws hit the ground, its teeth snarled, eyes narrowed and snout pointed at the snake,. The audience murmured.
The cobra coiled. Its hood flared. Tesh quivered, readied. The snake sprang. People gasped. Tesh slipped its head to one side. The cobra’s fangs gleamed past. It recoiled. Again, its fangs shot out faster than Sebek could follow. Tesh dodged to the other side while baring its teeth and biting the snake in mid-air. Clamping down, Tesh whipped the snake, its length flopping about. He smashed its head on the ground. Again and again.
Tesh released the cobra’s limp form. The crowd closed around and cooed over the victor returned to its docile self. But none dared touch it now. The estate owner brought a goose and onions to the man in the tiny reed hat.
When the con man left, Sebek followed. As Sebek expected, the conniver joined up with an accomplice, a tall, lean man Sebek had noticed a minute before the snake appeared. The two knocked forearms and laughed together, appraising the goose.
Sebek thought up an idea. Under failing light, he followed the jolly men through the alleys to the south. He hid in doorways and behind people. One man he used as a shield called him “Pig.” From behind a low wall of stones at the south end of town, Sebek watched the pair in a hallow set a fire. Smelling the roasting goose, Sebek felt demons of hunger knife his gut.
Waiting for the two men to sleep, Sebek considered all men’s weaknesses such as the need to eat and sleep, and how these weaknesses can be used against them.
At dawn, the connivers’ snores rose up as the fire burnt down. Sebek stole into their camp. The sleeping mongoose was staked a few feet from the men. Stepping lightly, Sebek gripped the animal’s snout against its cry and scooped it under his other arm. Adjusting the wriggling mongoose, he yanked the stake from the ground. 
Sebek slipped away, certain never to be hungry again.

At noon, thirty days after Sebek’s parting, silence clung to the family’s home like the dampness darkening the walls. In the back room, Mehi could ignore the tension, mostly. He knitted together yellow daisies he’d picked for An-khi during his return from a visit with Djedi and Pese’shet on his weekly day off. They’d told him that a storm had passed in the desert a few days earlier. He knew of a likely spot in a desert ravine where indeed the daisies had sprung. 
Though he and his father spoke so little, how easily he spoke with Djedi. They talked about his kissing An-khi and arguing with her about the pyramid accident, the falling volume of An-khi’s sentences no longer sounding like skipping rocks but like a shout dying across the distance.
It amazed Mehi that he had wanted to tell An-khi about his father. He had been sure that she would leave him, would have to leave him. But she had touched him. She knew his worst secret and touched him. Mehi’s chest felt like it had opened to her.
Djedi had offered, “You invoke my young days, Mehi. Each moment, each corner I came to filled me with hope of coming upon my beloved. I addressed her as ‘Goddess’ for the earth featured at least one.”
From the courtyard, someone asked for Mehi. His mother said, “Is something wrong, Wabt?” Not answering, Wabt repeated her question. Mehi dropped the flowers and went to the doorway.
Framed there, his friend’s wet eyes and flushed cheeks explained why Khety had asked about her health.
“Mehi, walk with me?”
“Of course, Wabt.” Mehi looked behind him at nothing. “Let’s go then.”
In the noon ablaze, their walk in the alley stalled not far from the hut. Wabt stared at her feet and said nothing. Sweat beaded on her temples.
“What have you been doing, Wabt?”
She looked up. “What have I been doing? What have you been doing? You and that foreign-village woman.”
“She isn’t a—”
“I don’t want to talk about her.”
Mehi shrugged. “Tu.”
Her face tightening, as with determination, Wabt squared up to Mehi. “I’m about to go to live in Har-her-nekht’s house and be his second mistress.”
“I’m happy for you.” Mehi was not happy for her. To be a second mistress was to be a servant.
Wabt frowned. “I want to know if there’s a chance for you and me.”
Mehi’s insides sank. “Um, do you mean ...?”
“Can you and me start a house?” Wabt’s eyes teared again.
Mehi’s eyes dragged the ground for something to say that would soothe her. “I’ve enjoyed knowing you and—”
Wabt sniggered. “All the boys enjoyed knowing me. Fat girls are good to lay with, but men don’t want us for a first mistress or even be seen with us.” Her voice grew louder with each word.
“I always hoped the best for you.”
“Can I live in a home built with your hope?”
Neighbors glanced at the arguing couple. Mehi wanted to flee. Until today, Wabt had shielded from him this side of her.
“Were you nice ’cause you pitied me?”
“You want me to defend being nice to you?”
“Pity is the worst.” Wabt’s voice pitched louder. Sweat seeped up on both their foreheads. “Maybe you make me feel worst.”
Mehi wanted to be unkind to her. “I think it’s time for me to go in.”
“Answer me.”
He looked left then right. “It may not be what you had hoped for, and I apologize for any misunderstanding between us, but I congratulate you on your engagement. I’ll tell Kenna. He’ll enjoy it.”
Wabt’s eyes flickered. “Yes. He’ll enjoy it. He has before.”
Mehi gave Wabt a moment to conclude their meeting politely. She only trembled. He returned home, leaving Wabt in the alley.
Knowing his parents must have heard the argument, Mehi quickly passed them to pace the back room. He ended on his haunches, in a corner. His stomach twisted. Wabt’s blame echoed in his ears. Why can’t I be angry with Wabt for such ugliness in front of everyone? 
Mehi decided he needed air. He rushed into the front room, edging past Horemheb standing in the doorway. His father peered at him. Once on the roof, Mehi lay down and counted clouds, shaking away Pabes’ and Wabt’s eyes. A figure rose above the roof. It blocked out the afternoon sun except for a halo, casting the figure in silhouette. It was Horemheb.
Son waited for his father.
Horemheb began talking, rapidly. “If you got love, don’t let anyone take it from you. ’Specially yourself.”
Mehi watched Horemheb’s silhouette turn and descend the ladder while the sun replaced him on the roof.
Incredible. His father spoke to him—with advice. He even told Mehi something about himself, something important about his love for his wife. Imagine Horemheb fearing to lose, lose anything ... amazing.
When Mehi laid down his head again, his worry had lifted into the sky. 

Midday, twenty days after the Hap’s death, ample time for protests in the streets and in Khufu’s Petition Court to scald the God-king’s ears, a royal runner arrived in the Throne Hall. His voice meek but echoing off the thirty-foot high ceiling, he reported that Vizier Shaf had uncovered the new Hap.
Khufu threw arms into the air. “Ha!” Interrupting a meeting with his brother Neferma’at to plan trading outposts, he called for his chamberlain. “Before the citizens’ anger grates my skin any harsher, open the palace for a jubilee. We’ll welcome our forager as well as hand back to the Ptah priests their own Hap. And regain ma’at for Egypt.”

In late afternoon three days later, Theormi and ten other harem women in silken linens served pomegranates and pumpkins, gazelle and flamingo, five kinds of beer, grape, date and pomegranate wine to two hundred guests in the Hall of Pillars. Harpists, acrobats, songbirds and butterflies enchanted nobles, governors, High-priests, and the visiting Ta Neter King. Men wore the latest fashion, a gold-pleated short skirt Khufu had worn at his Hathor Adoration festival. Women wore maroon or gold gowns sufficiently tight that they could forgo shoulder straps. Throughout the warm gaiety, both gender’s sesame and myrrh pomades melted to continually perfume their flowing black wigs.
As each guest entered the hypostyle hall, he or she bowed to Queen Meritates in her boxlike, gilded chair set beside the twelve-foot high, nine-foot wide, gold-inlaid doorway. She acknowledged each with a blink. The guest joined others on the floor’s center, painted as a grand pool in the square Hall, fifty yards in length and width. To Theormi, the two guards waving ostrich feathers over her seemed to wave away any direct warmth with citizens Her Majesty might enjoy. Nearby, Queen Mother Hetefares, rather pale in a flaxen gown, reclined upon many soft pillows. She did not budge. Princess Hentusen—head reared chin-first like her mother—wore a circular cape in a group of guests, though none appeared to be speaking. Princess Merysankh—chatting gaily with a group of five guests her age of nineteen years—grasped her pleated, translucent gown with both hands at the thighs and swayed it around her ankles.
Having forsaken his gold and silken pavilion set against the blue wall opposite to the entrance, Khufu, punched the air and kicked up his knees in an exaggeration of the music’s rhythms. Fitting that he danced beneath the twenty-foot state of falcon-headed Ra, his face was bright as the sun. With Khufu, the magician Djedi and Lady Pese’shet laughed and danced, if with more reserve.
Carrying pomegranate wine—Khufu’s favorite fruit because “it bites back”—Theormi padded toward five of the princes huddling behind a pillar near a corner. Only Vizier Shaf was absent. She wondered what she must do to be part of such a beautiful family, beautiful excepting Merhet.
When Prince Merhet saw her approach, his faience goblet dropped from his hand. It crashed on the floor, wine and faience spraying across the blue tiles. A servant scurried to clean the mess while Theormi, ignoring Merhet’s staring at her, poured wine and listened.
“The God-king appears pleased,” Heru said.
“Why not?” Dedephor said. “Dance, wine and music. Those are his tools.”
Merhet muttered, “Voices loud enough for anyone.”
“He returns to the Ptah priests their own Hap,” said Khemtatef, the youngest prince.
“Shouldn’t we offer more respect to the new Ptah High-priest?”
“Dear, soft Heru,” Dedephor said, “Khufu’s grief for the priests blinds the sun.”
“Siptah will take the reins like a beggar.”
“Due to Shaf today,” Khemtatef said, “we all are beggars.”
Theormi withdrew to the serving station. Several harem girls new to a God-king’s reception giggled to see him laughing and dancing. One leaned toward Theormi. “How is he so joyful? I’ve heard that he’s hard—I mean, pardon me—but he works dawn to midnight.”
Smile widening, Theormi observed her God-king. “Don’t mistake his love of work for a lack of joy.”
“His head is so large. Big as a pyramid.”
Theormi laughed. The girl reminded Theormi of herself some months ago. Did the royal education that Khufu provided for her, including irrigation, agriculture, trade, medicine, poetry and archery—she loved the strength her shoulders and chest developed—prepare her for another, larger role? What was his intention for her?
Gongs rumbled. The whole of the Hall hushed. A chancellor announced the special guests.
Emerging through the doorway, four Hituptah priests swung burning incense, its smoke clouding the sixteen guards who followed presenting spears before them and pounding their feet against the blue-tiled floor in rhythm to eight others behind plucking notes in unison on their hand-held harps. Then, bare-breasted strongmen advanced conveying the palanquin of Ptah High-priest Siptah costumed as God Ptah—broad collar, wedge beard, feathered disk atop his bald head.
Between the many guests parting way, Siptah’s procession clomped toward the God-king. When directly before Khufu, the strongmen struck the palanquin on the tiles with a loud crack. Stark silence followed. No one spoke or moved.
His massive jaw working, the God-king squinted at Siptah.
Siptah smiled. At his hand signal, his reciter-priest called a litany commemorating God Ptah, His Temple’s accomplishments and the Hap Bull’s sacredness. Khufu glowered at Siptah throughout.
When the recitation concluded, Khufu said, “Give us your paltry words, priest; we give you your Hap.”
The gong clanged again.
Guests at the Hall entrance cleared another path. Through it, dressed in commoner’s cloths, Vizier Shaf paraded, tugging the leash tied to a young bull, marked precisely and divinely—the new Hap. After a stunned reverence, the guests gave way to applause, shouts and whistles. Harpists and singers broke into song. Nobles praised the noble animal. Many tossed garlands to it. Shaf advanced himself amid this tribute.
As Shaf passed Siptah, the High-priest’s nostrils flared as if for a foul odor. Shaf beamed a smile at him.
“A divine Hap Bull,” proclaimed Khufu. The two hundred guests crowded closer. Waving Theormi beside him to fill his huge goblet, Khufu then presented it. In the center of attention, Theormi maintained her nerves by focusing her eyes on the goblet—dark green faience with figures of cormorants. Khufu blessed the Hap’s “undying abundance.”
Then, in an apparent afterthought and motioning to Theormi, the God-king declared, “A maiden should drink the first to the new Hap.”
Too surprised to believe her ears, Theormi hesitated. Every one of the two hundred faces heeded her. Meritates erected herself in her sitting position to scowl at her from a higher vantage. Merhet crept near.
“Drink,” Khufu encouraged.
In both hands, Theormi lifted the goblet to her lips. In the moment the liquid hit her stomach, she knew something was wrong.
“Well, maiden?”
Theormi’s stomach churned, spitting up into her throat. Sweat popped onto her forehead. She started to bolt from the spot, but the guests blocked any escape. So many, so close. Khufu indicated for her to return the goblet to him. Trying to, she lost her grip of it. It smashed to the floor, wine and chards of faience flying up. She shivered. Buckling, she clutched her belly.
“Theormi. What is—?”
She wrenched up her head. Khufu’s brows pitched, eyes wild and black. 
“Sister!”
Faint and clammy, Theormi grimaced, squeaked a horrid noise, and doubled over. Khufu and Merhet reached to her. She tried to speak but her jaw cramped shut. Her legs weakened like wet clay. Her head throbbed. Muscles knotted. The room spun. In her view, the guests and Khufu’s black lashes swirled around her. Theormi careened as if on a donkey running wild through a sycamore grove. Lurching, listing.
The spinning crushed Theormi’s breath. Then all of her numbed.
Why don’t we crash?
Theormi wished to crash so she could stop spinning.


Chapter 8
NIGHTSHADE
On an airless evening, Khufu drew beside Theormi’s bed in her sick room. Doctors and attendants bowed to him and withdrew from the chamber. Two guards waved palm fronds over the patient. “How is my lady?”
“In the finest humor, my God-king.” By her elbows, Theormi lifted herself on the dozen multicolored pillows around her. A gray tinge persisted in her face but her eyes beamed the lambent curiosity Khufu had first seen in them.
“Better and better. More relief to your King with every visit.”
“Thank you, your Majesty. It pleases me to relieve you of worry.”
Khufu adjusted the gold and blue silken nightgown that had fallen from her shoulder. “I can tell you now—Hordedef tested your wine. It was unripe nightshade.”
“Poison.”
“In itself, that’s little clue. Nightshade grows commonly, in my own garden in fact. Hordedef concluded that many guests could have poisoned the wine or goblet except for the likely suspects, the Ptah priests.”
“The wine must have masked that horrid smell when I was recovering.”
“Yes.”
“Uh, like fetid garlic. Well, I apparently will survive, and the King treats me to luxury. I don’t complain.”
Khufu’s eyes glinted. “Odd that this tragedy frees me to indulge you at last with every finery,” he said waving his arm at the forty-foot square chamber with servant’s compartment, wardrobes and the vanity mirror, headboard and several chairs engraved with gold. “Fit tribute to the woman who saved the God-king. Even the Queen can’t deny you my attention.”
Theormi smiled. “And there, when I woke, was the God-king at my side.”
“Where else would I be? And credit Merhet’s quickness in catching you.”
“Merhet.”
“As well, Djedi’s and Pese’shet’s potions. For a week you wrestled against the poison like it was a crocodile. But I believe you have drowned that rascal.” Khufu sat, gently, on the edge of her bed. He leaned down to lay an ear upon Theormi’s chest. “In here, life pulsed too strong for poison. You defeated death like a Goddess.” His eyes softened on her. “Each God is matched with a Goddess.”
Theormi’s eyes misted. She dragged her arms from under the bed linens. Khufu helped her to lift them. She reached around and coursed her hands across his back. He wrapped his arms around her.
Theormi coughed. Her next cough was thicker. They separated.
“Theormi?”
She couldn’t catch her breath. One cough forced itself on another and quickened into choking.
“Doctors, doctors.”
Red saliva bubbled onto Theormi’s lips.
“Doctors!”
Three physicians entered and encircled the bed, Khufu giving way. “She’s bleeding again. When I squeezed her.” A doctor wiped Theormi’s face as she hacked blood, spraying him.
“What is wrong here?” Khufu shouted. “Haven’t you cured her, you cows?”
“Sire, she recovers,” said one doctor. “These emissions are less frequent and less massive.”
“Call for Djedi and Pese’shet again. I don’t trust you.”
“At once, your Majesty.” The doctor hurried from the room.
Blood spattered down Theormi’s chin. A moist pink tinted her linens.
Khufu wrested himself from the sick bed, but the opposite wall blocked his path. He glared at it, as to see through it. “Theormi and the Queen Mother sick. Why is my majesty not adequate to cure them?”
The retching reflex he’d experienced again and again since Theormi’s poisoning once more chewed in Khufu’s gut. On the wall, he pictured a map of his country. Over it crept a blight, like the blood soaking into Theormi’s linen. The delta, Annu and all the miles south to the cataract sickened in a bloody flux, the red of desert, chaos and death.
“Tem, tem, tem.” Khufu’s saliva spattered the wall. His gut grinded. If he could not purge himself of this bloody image, he could at least create his own pain.
Through her coughs, Theormi called to him. “Khufu. King.”
He turned to her. Realizing his outburst had worried her, Khufu subdued himself.

Cough calmed and linens changed, Theormi dozed. Needing to walk off his anger, Khufu stomped out.
Why do Gods withhold their love? What more must I do?
Khufu rumbled like an earthquake down the Per-O corridor—servants and officials peeling away from his temblors. In his mind, he pictured High-priest Siptah. “Dropping poison in wine ... Set your dams before me. Set them higher, crueler.”
Outside, moonlight muted the garden like a fathom of sea water. Two redstarts squawked back and forth from sycamores on either side of the basalt avenue. “You peace-breakers?” Khufu called to them. “Only Gods can disturb this peace.” His mind fell to such a disturber. The Ptah priest devils poisoned Theormi. How has Hordedef missed it?
Hearing a noise behind him, the God-king whirled around to Prince Hordedef approaching. “Son.” Khufu opened his arms. “We must combine our minds and unearth these beetles.”
The God-king then recognized the package that Hordedef held. His arms fell.
The prince came forward. Khufu took the package without relinquishing his glower from the prince’s face. The previous package marked “Determined” had contained an eye.
“Sire, since the trespass on your life in the delta and the slaying of the Hap, I’ve investigated—”
“More bad news, prince?”
Hordedef shifted his weight to his left leg. “Much that I detected, I’d prefer to have overlooked. The Royal Captain recounted to me that for two years Vizier, then Prince, Shaf often charged him to transport the vizier to a particular wharf in Gebtu. There, Shaf disembarked while commanding his guards to remain on board.”
“You spied on the vizier?”
“Majesty, in the interest of—”
“Unless commanded by your God-king, you will not spy upon the vizier, your superior.” Khufu waved a hand. “Continue.”
Hordedef blanched. “Sire, I visited this wharf. An aged man in that district, who presented himself to me, said he had for six months been hired by Prince Shaf to care for a calf with the Hap markings.”
“Is that all, prince?”
“Walking southwest for five miles, the old man and I came to an abandoned lean-to hut. Exploring, I uncovered postholes marking a twenty by twenty space. Within this area, evidence of royal barley—”
“Conclusion, prince. Finish.”
Hordedef hurried out, “Shaf housed the calf with the Hap markings for six months before the incumbent Hap’s death.”
“Ah.” Khufu threw back his head and took in the sky’s many shades of blue. “Shrewd.”
“Shrewd, Sire? Don’t you see, by holding the Hap successor, Shaf in all probability killed or coerced the Hituptah priests to kill the incumbent Hap?”
“The vizier discovered the Hap successor and, to promote his legend, he simply waited for the Hap’s death to exploit it.” Khufu straightened his skirt and angled an eyebrow. “Anything else, prince?”
Hordedef did not move. “No, Sire, nothing.” The prince’s eyes beseeched his father’s face. “I’ll leave you alone ... to your garden.”
The package in one hand hanging at his side, Khufu transfixed on his son’s return to the Per-O. He fingered the package and thought of enemies as Hordedef slipped into the palace’s shadows.
Khufu trudged through his garden to the pomegranate trees. He reached to a ripe fruit but the package was in that hand. With the other hand, the God-king broke off a fruit. Jabbing it with his thumb, he burst it open, revealing glistening seeds. He bit into one half and then the other. Juice squiggled down his chin and neck. His mouth barely closed over the bitter mass. The old vermifuge properties. Run the worms right out.
Khufu dropped his hands and peered again into the Per-O shadows. This worm in my perfect state, the Gods must be punishing me. “What have I done?” In his eyes, the garden’s colors drained gray. He saw himself in ashen silhouettes. Gray masks. Gray eyes. Gray souls.
He charged toward the palace, feet slamming down. Khufu barged through the garden door, flinging out his arms. “Torches. Light every torch. No shadows. Now.”
Servants scampered to ignite torches in their sconces.
“Bring more light.” Khufu raged through the corridors, punching the air, scaring away stewards. His eyes narrowed as he examined on the walls shadows as fleshless as thought. “Fire the torches. Every torch. No dark place.”
Already panting, servants ran into the corridor with lamps, candles and torches.
“Make the palace a sun. Drive out the worms into Ra’s light and their deaths.”

The next night in the Throne Room, torches and lamps blazed from every wall. They blanched the gold, lazuli and jade murals into a ghostly God Ra, Nile and papyrus. Enthroned Khufu gave no indication as to why he had cancelled the reception for the King of Feka to summon the princes together. Hanging his head, Khufu avoided his sons’ faces. He edged his feet from shadows cast by his throne.
In sunlight, all things are revealed. Without shadow, nothing can hide. No shadow, no enemy. The Ptah priests must concede to God Ra. They deserve what they force me to. We will perfect Egypt as the Gods command.
Without lifting his head, the God-king spoke. “Determined: It is time to strike back at the Hituptah priests. We will succeed. I am determined. Beginning this moment, I forbid offerings at the Ptah Temple. You princes will ensure it. To perfect Egypt—as I must—the Ptah priests’ abuse of the people must be purged. We’ll teach our enemies their impotence.”
The princes only gawked at their father. Except for Hordedef. He rose with the help of his cane. “Please consider, Majesty ...”
Khufu jerked his head up, black eyes boring on Hordedef. “Speak! Son!”
The prince blinked. He glanced about him at his brothers and began speaking hesitantly. “Given the abhorrent attempt on your life, you’ve endured beyond where we mortals might measure. Your anger is justified. Nevertheless, for everything sacred, please consider a more discreet response. Let us hear more discourse. For instance, we haven’t yet collected evidence of Hituptah’s guilt.”
“You believe me too feeble to render authority?”
“No, Majesty, no.” Hordedef’s voice shook. “We may well come to your present solution even though a Temple’s closure is unprecedented. Bear in mind, officers,” Hordedef said, scanning his brothers, “priests write the history for all eternity. What is known of you and our God-king will be known through them.”
“The Gods favor us,” Vizier Shaf said, rising with the smallest smile. “We cannot be wrong.”
Hordedef’s eyes bulged, his voice pitching. “So we, being us, are perfectly flawless? They, being them, are perfectly witless?”
“You, second prince,” barked the God-king, stabbing a finger at Hordedef, “speak to me with dulcet tones yet to my vizier, who speaks for me, you speak bitterly. Is what you say to him what you shadow from me?”
“Certainly not, King. I pay respect where it is due.”
“Then pay it to the vizier. Your younger brother is your better.”
Several princes started.
Hordedef’s body drooped on his smaller leg. “I recognize your agitation, Majesty. I trust you value the honor I pay you with my honest appraisal though it might contradict your own.”
“From the moment of my Ka’ab’s passing, my one hero has been his ghost. His ghost is your better too.”
The second prince’s eyes closed and his body hunched before he dumped himself onto his pillow.
Khufu shook a fist at the princes. “You will take to the hills and valleys and seek out those who would rot our ideal Egypt.” His cheeks puffed wide and crimson. His voice echoed into the Hall. “Drive every wormy feces from my nation. Chase out all shadows. You will be determined.”
As the other princes traded questioning expressions, Vizier Shaf said, eyes glinting, “Yes, your Majesty, we will be determined. Our two feet we will plant deep, so strong will our determination be. Determined with both feet.”
Those words. The words written on the package. Is everyone in this conspiracy? The God-king sagged in his throne, exhausted.
“You have your orders.”
The princes filed out tense and silent, apart from Vizier Sebek who hummed a marching tune.

Under a gibbous moon, Sebek carried his pried mongoose up a path of flat stones the indigo hue of spent coals that proceeded up a low hill along the desert. At the path’s end, he heard several voices. Through a collection of boulders, he spied a clump of men, dirty and threadbare, sitting around a fire, playing games with bits of papyrus. Sebek staked away the mongoose in the dark.
When he entered the firelight of the five men, they each recoiled. Each had gray hair, stooped backs and gnarled knuckles. And, for the moment, mouths and eyes wide with alarm. One then said, “Dear gentlemen, it’s merely a boy hungry for our hot soup.”
“Sit with us,” said another. 
They shifted to allow Sebek the seat closest to the fire. Two fumbled to pour him soup into a scummy bowl, a curved pot shard. The youngest, Wakha, rocked back and forth, grinning like Sebek’s imbecile brother, and laughed at the wrong times. The others repeatedly replaced a shawl on his shoulders that kept falling off. Sebek didn’t fear these sops.
He drank their barley soup. Its thick warmth and tang coated his insides. The fire’s sparks flittered into the air.
The first codger to speak, Mose, squeezed shut one eye and cocked his head in Sebek’s direction. “I see, boy, that you are one of us ‘Betweeners.’ You don’t need home nor family nor pyramid. We are adventurers loving travel as free as the moon.” The others nodded.
Sebek stopped himself from laughing. He knew these men were just nehar—wandering tramps. He did not leave home to while away his time beside a fire with addled mates. No longer in a hurry to get to the Bekhan Trail, Sebek saw here men he could use to begin his fortune.
Amongst the shadows, Sebek told the five tramps about the con game in the village. The men hung on every word. When he said, “Although the animal appeared the very model of gentleness, it becomes more powerful than a cobra,” the men interrupted him to repeat that to each other.
He retrieved the mongoose.
When Wakha saw Tesh-Tesh, he ripped the rope from Sebek’s grasp before Sebek could react. Wakha lifted to his cheek, petted and cooed over the animal. Eventually it slept in his lap.
Sebek told the men, “You don’t want to hunt in trash for food. You want fine meals. You want what rich people got.”
“How do we do that?”
“We will run our own game. But we’ll raise the stakes. You band of ragtags will eat roasted goose and drink black beer.
Two men lolled out tongues. Two others got up, grabbed the other’s forearm and danced in circles, waving their free arm behind them. Their laughter was their consent to Sebek’s plan.

Before dawn, four of Sebek’s tramps prowled for snakes while Sebek scouted for a rich man’s home in the northern district. Next, he gave Wakha a sack he’d woven with halfa grass and told him, with a push, to take it onto the grounds. Sebek moved out of sight and waited for the inevitable.
In a few moments, Sebek heard shouting and profanity. Carrying Tesh-Tesh, he strolled to take view of the estate’s ranting owner waving his fist and chasing the ever-smiling Wakha off the property while the snakes free of the sack slithered under radish and garlic plants, scaring off ducks, goats and workmen in all directions.
Upon hearing the tragic news that snakes had invested the estate, Sebek tendered, “Would a trained snake-catcher be of value to you rich people?”
“Yes, please, hurry,” said the owner.
“Oh, it would? By the way, would there be beer, bread, trinkets and a duck or two in return? Wouldn’t that be a fair price for the only snake-catcher in Gebtu?”
“Yes, yes, yes. I’m happy to pay the fee.”
Sebek needed no one.

Eight evenings later in her chamber, Theormi gazed into a six-foot bronze mirror on the wall. Her maid Buhra ran an ivory comb through her lady’s long hair. They prepared for Theormi’s visit to Khufu following his tour of Upper Egypt and the pyramid. Glancing at the reflection of Theormi’s eyes, Buhra giggled.
“Maiden, what are you on about?”
Buhra pulled back. “If you please, Mistress—excuse me for my rudeness, but—can you tell me what it’s like ... with the God-king?” She giggled again. “I would faint.”
“Would you now.”
“I would shrivel and blow away.”
“Well, he stands a complete man.”
“A man? How can you call him a man? He’s the god on earth.”
Theormi smiled. “Of course, no man compares. He’s taught me to deliver more of myself.” She paused. “It’s to the point now that, at moments, he fears me as much as I feared him.”
“Afraid of you? He’s the landlord of all Egypt. How could the God-king be afraid of a harem girl?”
Theormi spun around at Buhra, but bit her tongue in time to avoid lashing out. She heaved a sigh. “Perhaps ‘challenged’ says it better. He lives for a challenge.”
“You survived your challenge, that’s sure. I was so afraid for you those two weeks. Doctor said you should have died.”
In her memory revived the sickening odor of nightshade. “That’s passed. There’s a future now. There will be more of him to love.”
Wide-eyed, Buhra bolted around Theormi to face her. “Then you do love him. You love the God-king. I knew it.”
Theormi flicked away her eyes to avoid Buhra’s gaze. She didn’t want to disclose any inkling of her wonder over whether saving the God-king and escaping her own death had inspired her lover. Were his gifts of her own suite and maid as well as luxurious gowns in addition to the royal education all in preparation for Theormi to become a queen and accompany him in his aerie? Was it even possible?
“Mistress, you’re thinking something. What’re you thinking?”
“An idea.”
Buhra’s face clenched as if for a cramp. “Idea? Why does a harem girl need ideas when she’s the God-king’s favorite?”
Theormi’s face flushed hot. “I won’t be in a harem forever.”
Buhra ducked behind her mistress and resumed combing. She bit her lip, seeming about to cry.
Theormi patted her maid’s hand. “Never mind, my little swallow.”
Buhra sparkled a smile.
Khufu’s lover plucked a blue lotus from a vase beside her and crushed its petals along her throat, its sweetness spilling out. She draped a veil over her face. “Quick now, retrieve the gold gown with the collar.”
The maiden tiptoed to an alcove. “I’m glad for you that the God-king’s home after seeing his pyramid. His pyramid is the best ever, that’s what everybody says. He’ll be in a happy mood.” She brought the gown. “And he’ll be excited,” she added with another giggle.
Theormi slipped from her cloth. Buhra shimmied the gown around her mistress. They stepped back from the mirror to admire Theormi’s reflection. The crystalline fabric not only revealed but also magnified Theormi’s flesh underneath. Warm flesh of her face, neck and shoulders glowed upon the gown like a crown.
Buhra broke their silence. “This is why the King has granted you these private rooms and why I’m permitted to serve you. We harem girls worry about losing our beauty but, mistress, stay as you are, and you will be in the God-king’s harem a respectable period of time. Don’t you worry.”
Theormi gaped at her maid. She realized how far she had come since she saw the world as small as did Buhra. She patted Buhra’s cheek.

Hurrying into the Hituptah winery, open for the God Sokar festival two hours before midnight, Mehi and An-khi inhaled sweet, rich scents of grape juice and fermenting wine swelling from earthenware vases. They climbed up a ladder on the circular vat, twenty feet across, to join ten other celebrants on a reviewing platform. Inside the vat, five men wearing only loincloths in the thick heat grasped wooden poles, which stretched across the top, while tromping on a two-foot layer of grapes in precise rhythm to the music of two harpists on the platform. An-khi pointed and Mehi cheered. Many visitors sang. Juice oozed out of four vents around the wooden vat. Heady aroma gushed up to them all.
Earlier that evening with hundreds of Egyptians at the fertility festival, Mehi and An-khi called to the “driving of the beasts,” cattle festooned with green ribbons; “prepared the earth” with silver hoes handed out at one of various booths; and slurped dates slathered in honey. When the lamplit barge carrying the forty-foot falcon image of God Sokar floated past them watching from shore, An-khi reached for and held Mehi’s hand. At that moment, his worry over their angry words about the pyramid vanished. Despite the low Inundation and the end of pyramid season, he had An-khi.
One of the men dancing on the grapes looked up at Mehi. “Women adore a dancer. It tells your lady what a good lover you are.”
Mehi blushed. He lowered his eyes. But Mehi felt the promise of freedom in a future secured like God Sokar’s going forth to seed the fields.
An-khi said, “Let’s go.”
He followed her down the ladder and outside. They drank down their wine samples handed to them by young women at the winery entrance. Mehi thrilled to the gods’ liquid coursing into his body. It touched him with wonder. An-khi, though, wrinkled her nose. “Nefer, but fine.” She clapped Mehi on the shoulder. “I’ll race you.” 
In loam beside the river, Mehi strode in An-khi’s footprints as she left them. When he worked on the pyramid, his feet on its stone were as close as he’d ever come to its mysteries. But An-khi? Could he come close enough to know her mysteries?
Evening heat charmed out their body oils. The river rushed and whirled, spray misting the air and them. The night opened to him so wide that it seemed to allow the stars more room to shine with sterling brilliance. Simply running with An-khi, why do I feel more of myself? When she touches me, I feel more of what’s around me. “Remember when we were children and a day would last forever? How we lost ourselves in endless sunlight? These days, it’s night before we know it.”
“Tu,” An-khi said over her shoulder. “I think it’s because adults are so busy. They don’t notice time passing. Did you ever hear that story about the man who went to sleep under a magic spell and wakened fifty years later?”
Her low, soft rasp warmed Mehi like campfire. By bestowing him with An-khi and work on the pyramid, the Gods had surely forgiven him for his family’s crime. “You mean when he woke and realized his life was almost over?”
“I lost those years away from Mer. I’m alert, awake. Excitement speeds us. Back then, days lasted so long we did a thousand things.”
“Do you know what Osiris is said to have cried out to Isis from the womb?”
An-khi turned and smiled. “’Hurry to me.’”
“Yes.” 
“Who first discovered love?” An-khi called. “How long ago? Haven’t you wondered? How did people live before love was discovered? Did two young lovers under the sun create it? Or an older, wiser couple?”
“You want me to hop in here just anywhere?”
An-khi ran backward a moment to show him a mocked serious expression.
Mehi stopped running. An-khi too. He reached out his hand. She offered hers. Despite their run, they cinched their breaths. He said, “I can’t say directly, but I know this: If it had been me, the male lover felt a hundred things. I don’t think he worried about what it was or what name to give it, but he felt it and followed it.”
An-khi’s dimple deepened with her smile.
Some days earlier, when An-khi had suggested that many ancient pyramids of older civilizations might have once stood here before they crumbled to sand. Mehi realized his father’s tomb-robbery had caused him to stop thinking of the future. All his thoughts had become engaged in regaining Egypt’s acceptance. Until now. 
He pressed An-khi’s palm. “I’ve lately dreamt one wish.” He searched into An-khi’s recessed eyes. “I haven’t believed it possible. That it could be for me.”
“Mehi?”
He couldn’t control his breathing any longer. “I can settle a house. I can have a piece of Egypt. I can settle a house.”
An-khi’s eyes pinpointed on his.
“With you An-khi. I want a house with you.”
An-khi’s free hand whipped to her cheek. “Mehi, do you think we could?” Her deep breaths swelled her breasts.
“If you want it.”
“You’re thinking bolder than me now.”
“I was reasonable before I met you.”
An-khi cupped her hand around her chin, speaking as if planning. “I’ll ask my parents for the right. Their clothier visits in a couple of days. He distracts them.”
Was she accepting his marriage proposal? “Distracts them?” 
An-khi didn’t answer, seemingly distracted herself.
Mehi saw himself going to the pyramid by dawn and returning to An-khi by night. The simple perfection of it. “I remember Ra on the dawn we met and the brightness in your face; I wish to see that face forever.”
This pulled An-khi from her thoughts. She displayed a smile as sweet as Mehi ever saw.
“Mehi, you wondered how the first female in love felt about the male. I will tell you—when you wonder, conclude that I am content.”
The couple gazed into each other.
“Then, you’re saying ...?”
An-khi whispered, “Yes.”
Their arms encircled one another, bodies clinging. Sand warm under their feet, skin hot wherever they touched, Mehi and An-khi pressed fingers across the other’s back as if probing for treasure. On their lips mingled the wetness of their kisses.



Part 2
RECESSION SEASON


Chapter 9
MORNING OATHS
Khufu perceived light. An onslaught of light. It crossed spears with the dawnlight thrusting through the suite’s high windows. Khufu’s eyes dazzled to the point of pain, yet he would not shade his fascination. His hunger for light had not been slaked by the tour of his pyramid. Welcoming this incandescence upon him, Khufu spread his legs.
He distinguished a flame—of a silver torch—and then the arm that upraised it. Theormi’s arm. The torchlight flooded off her gold and silken gown that clasped her from ankle and shoulder, and crowned her with a standing collar behind and inches above her head as she posed at Khufu’s curtains. On a dais conveyed by four guards, she presented one leg through a slit in the gown, the foot on the back of a gold lioness statue. Theormi’s right hand drew a rope attached to the statue’s splayed jowls as if prompting it to roar.
Warm and ample as a summer moon, his lover’s voice said, “I return like the Inundation.”
“As Sba aabti.”
“Seeding the recession, I grow black and lustering.”
“Yes, poetry.”
“Here, in my season, who loves me? Who will plant my womb? Who will till my vulva?”
Khufu no longer stood still.
Upon his command, a procession of servants collected and carried from the greenhouse into his suite bunches of pink roses, yellow-centered daisies, red poppies and the blue lotus. They created space for them by removing all but two of the twenty lamps set up before his tour.
When again alone with Theormi, Khufu eyed her and smiled as he plucked lotus petals that he let float down onto his linen bed.
Theormi turned her palms out to him. “I long for your poetry, King.”
He circled her. Theormi’s gold gown still radiant in the sunshine, shone on him as sure as sunrays. His heartbeat sped. 
In the moment you declare yourself
no one’s possession,
I must have you
Theormi nodded. “I once thought being a servant—your servant—offered my only path to you. The actual path was through me. I must tell you a story.”
“Is it short?”
“I feel something new in me. Sba nu mu, the dance of light.”
“Stars on the water. Do they open in you like a blue lotus opens in the Nile?”
“Tu, Khufu.”
“You describe the ‘Subtle Body.’”
“That’s a good name for it. With this dance, I begin to love everything.” Theormi started orbiting Khufu as he had her, revolving to beam on him. “Here is my story:
I do not forsake my pride
To say
I must have you.”
Her orbit spiraled to him. When eye to eye with her, Khufu scanned Theormi’s nose from its tip to the erratic hairs between her brows. Her eyes’ black glint hinted as if for a secret like a lotus in a dark room. Wet heat dampened his scalp and soles of his feet.
Theormi traced her eyes along his wide lips, flat nose and raven’s eyes. She remembered a night they shared watching a lunar eclipse as black as Khufu’s eyes shone now. She tugged his tunic to the floor.
From her shoulders, the God-king slipped the straps of her gown. “Theormi, be naked as water; I’ll be naked as fish.”
She drew the fingers of her right hand down his jaw, collarbone and the middle of his chest, gathering their moisture. “I wake to your wheat field perfume in the first morning.”
Placing two fingertips on her temple, Khufu weighed the pulse beating there. He nestled a fist on her sternum, then glided it upward between her breasts. “I charge like a bull.” He palmed her hips, smooth as gems.
Heat pricked Theormi’s calves, spine and temples. She nuzzled her temple to his and heard both their heartbeats. “When the bull paws the ground, his rippling thrills me.”
Khufu griped her waist. His hand trembled.
Theormi flicked a long fingernail against the God-king’s breast. “Tell me your nipples will stand and dance.”
“Like drunkards.”
Fragrances of figs in burning cream blossomed from them.
Khufu fetched a silver comb and, when behind Theormi, ran it through her hair, relishing the rebound of its waves.
Extending her arms behind her, Theormi scratched her fingernails up his thighs.
Khufu dropped the comb. He raked his fingers deep through her hair, heaving her head back to his chest.
In his hands, Theormi rotated about. She licked his neck as moist as a fig, and tapped his moist forehead. “From deep in the Nile, we start the water flowing.”
“We cleanse the other like the dead.”
They lay on the bed of lotus. Petals clung to their damp skin The two suckled thigh to thigh, breast to breast, mouth to mouth. While their fingers and palms roved, the couple moved like a shoal of moonfish—swift then languorous. Each new position seemed perfect, yet another followed.
“I will not remove the folds from your skin or the magic from your mind.” He stroked her genital folds. He felt her stretch to him.
His phallus burned in Theormi’s hand. “I snare the red fish.” She bent to him. “It leaps glistening. I swoop like a hawk.” 
Khufu’s body sprouted thick water like the Inundation. Still, he was burning hot as if on fire. He thought of Gods and Goddesses.
Theormi felt her womb offer up a fine oil. Aware her fragrance was darkening like the singeing of figs and merged with his scent of hemp and juniper, she guided Khufu’s flesh to her opening.
He rocked forward and steadied himself into her. At once, Khufu felt at home, but one in the wilds or perhaps in the stars.
The travel of his heat stung her.
Theormi’s fingers, tongue and vulva slid around him. Desiring more heat she sped her hips. She bucked for relief, vaginal walls softening, opening wider. She held Khufu’s eyes with hers.
Their bones and blood reached for the other. He must wedge tight in her deepest embrace; she must envelop him everywhere. Tumbling downstream, the lovers fathomed the other with each cycle of hip cock, sheathing and uproot. 
Theormi bowed back.
Bless my lover who inspires such hunger and feast.
Their scents burnt like scalded honey.
Khufu set himself behind her to align their bodies, to point them in one direction, the same view. He knew he must experience a woman’s way. “Ecstasy is forgetting the self.” Petals fell from Khufu’s chest onto Theormi’s spine. There he saw two scars in the image of flames. “What’s this? These scars?”
“Oh, I don’t think of them.”
He kissed the scars, adding the tip of his tongue.
“Hmn, I don’t feel them now.”
Visions of God and Goddess, King and Queen, royalty and commoner spirited like Inundation currents in Khufu’s mind. He considered his citizens delighting in love like his love for Theormi. Every commoner could attain it. But no. Numb to their majesty, they would laugh at the thought.
Theormi wondered whether Egyptians were as content as she and her lover. Are they laughing, loving? Do they offer and accept adoration?
Their far-flung thoughts propelled them. Glide of body against body, salt against salt, even arms and thighs fondled as nimble as fingers. They probed and soothed with breath and caress. Each sought the other beyond the veils of flesh and muscle. Each sought a deeper body, a subtle body. They pursued it with faith that it existed in the lover. They expected it in their hands.
Khufu recited, “Pesh, pesh, arch the legs like wings—to fly.”
“Pesh-t, arch the bow.”
Both offered their selves and welcomed the other. They focused on their mate’s subtle body in its shrine, knowing it admitted only one who approached it as blindly as hope and as gently as to leave no mark. It admitted only another subtle body. Recessed, enshrined, chaste, each subtle body illuminated the other in its passage.
Theormi said, “Pesh-it, curved halves of heaven.”
“Pesh-it.”
They rose up. Poised. Neither sensed the lover’s fierce seizing that marked both long afterward. They strained to balance self and the other, cresting like the Inundation’s perfect moment. Each severed the self on the sharpest blade. Voluptuous. In unison, they cried, arched, pesh. This moment excluded all others.
Theormi and Khufu eased their grips. Slowing, not stopping, Sba amenti and Sba aabti settled into each other like water in a field. Breath rustled in their bellies until they smoothed altogether.
Their subtle bodies soon hooded again like the bow of a priest. They nestled in peace.
Khufu welcomed love’s hush in his limbs and mind. “Theormi, I want you to know my name.”
“Name?” she said dreamily.
“My Horus name. My Ra priests sanctified me with the sacred name on my first coronation.”
Theormi brought up her head, blinked and focused on Khufu. “The name I was never to know.” She waited.
“Medjau.”
The name reminded Theormi of something. Something beloved. “Medjau.” By this honor, this man proved his royalty in convincing Theormi of hers. She loved a king and discovered herself ever more a queen.
Moments later, cuddled like pesh-it, the pair spoke in whispers of creating a divine child.

As if on a mist, the first blush of the following morning drifted through the eastward windows of Khufu’s suite. Under the bed’s canopy, Theormi’s eyes glistened as they lingered over her lover, asleep on his side by her. She traced a finger across his shoulder. Rising, she retrieved her gown and draped the sheer material over her God-king. She retreated to admire his shadowed muscles. In the thin light, imagining Khufu as a sleeping bull, Theormi spread her arms like a bird of prey and orbited the bed in a rhythm she hummed to herself. Footfalls soft, even ghostly, her skin and muscle danced in and out of dawn’s pale hues. No sound rose save the whisper of Theormi’s song.

Mid-morning, hair bouncing on her shoulders, An-khi walked onto the yellow glazed tiles of her father’s manor. Her parents’ clothier exhibited a new collection for the governor and Lady Heria. Standing near a column balancing a mound of clothes on her forearms, pale Snebtisi said, “Finally, An-khi. We’re always waiting for you.” Sneb hacked a great cough in so small a person. Its sound echoed off the twenty-foot high ceiling. “I’m utterly famished.”
An-khi wanted to reply that Snebtisi ate no more than a pipit anyway, but sensed her sister bore enough at that moment.
“We did miss you at the morning meal, An-khi,” said Heria, her amethyst bracelets clacking. “Were you delayed with your young friend?”
Snebtisi hung her eyes up toward the ceiling. “She gets a boyfriend and I’m a prisoner in this house.”
“Don’t upset yourself,” Paser said. “You’re well aware that you are too ill to be out on your own.”
“I’ll be ill forever if I don’t get a husband. All of my friends have been married for years and years already.”
“There, there Little White One.” Paser turned his back his daughter to ask the clothier, “What do you think of this smock?”
The clothier nodded toward it. “The latest thing, qaa. Note the embroidered curlicue at the neckline—the First-Judge of the First House donned that exact design at the Per-O just these two months past.”
Paser’s brows lifted. “At the Per-O, you say?
“Qaa.”
The governor handed the garment to a servant who stood, like Snebtisi, holding several garments. “The ‘Yes’ pile.”
Heria placed a blue robe upon the ten garments on Snebtisi’s arms. “This is a ‘maybe.’” An-khi nearly chided her sister for her mere “maybe” status.
Head back, nostrils peaking above the clothes, Snebtisi moaned. “Mother, please make up your mind. My arms are absolutely aching.”
“In a minute, darling.”
Snebtisi stamped a foot. “May I go to my room, Father?”
“We’ll need you a few minutes more.”
“I want to write a letter to Nesamon.”
“Dear,” said Heria, exposing the gum atop her two front teeth, “your father has allowed you an involvement with the young man despite your health. Won’t you offer but a measure of patience?”
“Patience? I never get to see Nesamon however much I’m allowed to.”
“Stop!” Paser’s shout sent Snebtisi shrinking behind the clothes.
“And this, Paser, what do you think?” Heria held up a scarlet gown decorated by a sycamore branch and leaves.
“Is that what they’re wearing in Annu?”
“Ah, master,” the clothier flourished an arm, “this is what they will wear next season.”
Heria’s eye glittered. She folded the gown onto the “Yes” pile.
“Mother,” Paser cautioned his wife, “until this appears and is fashionable in Annu, we should not obtain it, don’t you agree? With the drought reports, those in the Per-O are particularly sensitive.”
With no change of expression, Heria shifted the gown to the “No” pile.
Snebtisi’s voice snuffled up from behind the clothes. “You don’t want me to marry.” 
“Please, Snebtisi,” said Heria, glancing at Paser.
“You don’t. You don’t.” She poked her head above the clothes.
“I won’t hear this,” Paser said, his voice rising, “in front of our visitor.”
“You’re afraid. You’re just afraid.” Sneb’s eyes began to redden and tear. “You confine me here to protect the tem estate.”
Paser kicked the “No” pile into the air. “How dare you curse on my estate.” He pointed a shaking arm at Snebtisi. “You don’t dictate to me. I do what I must.”
Snebtisi, Heria and An-khi all cowered.
Seeing An-khi, Paser shifted his hand from pointing at Snebtisi into waving it to An-khi. “Younger daughter, tell us about your morning.”
“Father, Mother, I have something to ask you.”
“My, An-khi,” Paser said, “your recent smiles must be in anticipation of your father’s birthday. Don’t you believe so, Mother?”
“You know what it is, Father.” An-khi hugged Paser’s head, he bending down for her.
“It is splendid that you are happy, daughter,” Heria said, her voice pitching up at the ends of her sentences, making them sound like questions even when they were not. “I am concerned, though, that this boy is not quite up to our station. Isn’t he beneath you?”
“Beneath me? He’s an heroic young man, Mother.”
“I’m sure. Does his father provide for his wife?”
An-khi’s face shadowed. “Mother, why doubt us, when we love?”
“Oh Gods,” Snebtisi groaned, rolling her eyes. “I’ll still be married before you.”
Without looking at Snebtisi, Paser said to her in monotone, “You’ll not marry until I say.”
Heria knelt to feed a morsel of raw lamb to a caged orange cat. “It is apparent to the open eye, An-khi, either you become a man’s chief wife or you become his mistress. Which would you choose?”
“I choose Mehi, Mother.”
“You are accustomed to a tidy wealth, thanks to your father.”
“Mehi will acquire such a wealth—given time.”
“Will he keep you in tidy clothes? Never in all my life have I worn on consecutive days the same under-clothes. Will you be able to say the same?”
“That’s well enough, Mother,” Paser cut in. “We need not worry ourselves with our younger daughter’s situation when Snebtisi is the one in line to inherit the property. We’ve found a positioned husband for her that will protect the estate.”
“I found him.” Snebtisi coughed.
“I’m glad for your concern, Mother,” said An-khi, “but everything will be fine with us. I know you’ll love Mehi.”
“Yes,” Paser said, “we do already, child. Don’t we, Mother? Invite ... ”
“... Mehi.”
“Invite this boy to dinner—sometime. We’ll be happy with ...” A bright yellow tunic distracted Paser. “Uh—” 
“—Mehi.” Paser had just assented to her marriage to Mehi. An-khi repressed a smile so that only her sister could see it. “Thank you, Father. Mother?”
“I’m certain he’s a good boy.”
An-khi rushed to embrace her mother. “You’ll see, Mother. You’ll see where we lead.”

Another day of ridding rich people of cobras and horned vipers, Sebek swaggered up the stone path into camp carrying the mongoose under one arm and a sack holding his latest bounty under the other. Without speaking to his gang, but grateful that for once none of them greeted him with their dull banter, he settled down on a boulder and began to appraise whether he could start trading up his surplus for more valuable items. 
Mose served him roasted goose, but then didn’t move to sit down. He said, “Chief, we made another big harvest today.” 
Sebek didn’t respond, irritated by the silly question. The other men ate their supper in silence but looked sidelong at Mose and Sebek. 
Sebek finished eating, tossed down his bowl and began plotting for the next day’s haul. Looking up, he flinched to find Mose still standing over him. “Are you waiting to burp me? Why are you standing there, goon?” 
Mose said, “Boss, we were talking—and wondering, weren’t we?” He sized up the others. “Well, we were wondering why don’t we just lay off tomorrow and kind of take it easy. You know, just a day off. We can’t eat all the food we got now.”
“Tu, boss,” Abana said. “We had our way today. It’s time for a day off.”
Sebek bolted upright, shoving Mose backward. “You lazy dogs. You get decent work for the first time in your lives and you want to quit it first thing.”
“No boss, just take a few days off.”
“A few days?” Sebek pointed at them. “Anybody who wants even one day off can walk out of this camp right now.”
“Hey boss, you don’t have to get sore—”
“No, boss, you don’t have to get sore,” said a high voice from the dark. Sebek recognized it with a start.
They wheeled around. The large man with the reed hat walked out of the shadows, displaying a knife blade for them to see. Two tramps tried to run off in the opposite direction but the con man’s tall accomplice brandishing his knife blocked them. They sat back down where they were and ducked their heads. Mose shook Wakha awake.
“Now that we’re together,” the man said to Sebek, “I must compliment you, young man. What a commotion. Such a plague of snakes all in a sudden. You see, my friend and I, after our recent suspension of activities, wish to reclaim our modest holdings in the local pest-ridding business.”
Sebek thrust out his chest. “Do you think we’re just going to let you take it? We outnumber you.”
The man rolled back his head and laughed. “How will four old men, one imbecile and a child stop us?”
The con man was right—Sebek was alone against these two men and their knives. Hunger already stabbed his gut.
“So, if you don’t mind,” said the man, walking to the mongoose, “we’ll take little Tesh-Tesh with us and be on our way.” He pried the mongoose from Wakha’s hands.
Sebek flinched.
The con man stuck his knife at him. “No notions, youngster.”
Sebek turned his head to glare at the cowering beggars. The man and his accomplice backed out of the firelight together, waving their knives.
Wakha watched Tesh-Tesh fading away. His smile fell. He bolted after his pet.
“Wakha!”
His friends chased after him. The con man spun about and dashed into the dark with Tesh, but the surprised accomplice reeled when Wakha bumped him in his wild strides. The tramps ducked under his flailing knife.
Sebek saw his chance.
He sprinted forward, knocked the knife out of the staggering man’s hand, picked it up, swung back his arm, and then plunged the knife into the man’s ribs. Twice. The man made a sound like the hiss of a snake and slumped to Sebek’s feet. Sebek stood over the tall man, listening to his breaths fall silent.
Sebek concluded that he should return to his original plan and head for the Bekhan Trail.

“Mehi, Mehi.”
The next sunset in their shoreline niche under the crossed palms, Mehi turned for An-khi’s call. Her flesh and smile gleamed. He ran to her.
Through the barley field just showing sprouts, An-khi raced toward him where they’d met as children and as adults. She had planned to tease him by withholding her news, but gave up that plan as soon as she saw his grinning face. “Father said, “’Yes.’”
Where they embraced, clover clustered about their toes, heralding the change of season. Beside them, the Nile pealed like a million beads of faience racing through a copper sluice. Low sunlight glinted in the rapids strands of silver and jade. An-khi stretched up and kissed Mehi’s cheek. He fingered the circle her lips anointed.
“Mehi, we can make our home. My father agrees.”
He clenched her to him, as much to secure himself on the ground as to hold her. “Then we will. It’ll be our pyramid.”
The two lay down in the clover, nestling, the soles of their feet toward the Nile. The river whirled a breeze around them. Warm spray flecked their skin and spiked the air with scents of crushed limestone and sage. With mouth, nose and cheek, each face caressed its image on the other. Their lips smoothed together from corner to corner.
An-khi saw in his hair silvered strands like whitecaps. “Nothing will darken you in my arms.”
Mehi saw her face as fresh as dawn. “I could trap you always in this light.”
“Trap me?”
“Here’s a poem my mother taught me.”
“Please.”
She comes walking on the village road
Dust rises in her steps
Water splashes in her vase
She comes to our home
To be kissed by me
For me, you are the one who comes walking.” Mehi paused. “An-khi? I’ve started it.”
“It?”
“Our home. That day you were with Sebek, I had started it.”
“Mehi, take me there.”
Clouds scudded across the sun. Mehi and An-khi huddled closer. Her eyes ebbed into soft wells.
She began their favorite game. “If you feel as I do, you cross the river with a heart so moist it drowns the crocodile who separates us.”
“If you feel as I do, you wish to drink our kisses, sweet as melon.”
Behind them, they heard a scurrying and a squeak. A cat stalked in a bush.
“It’s probably just wanting a female cat in there,” Mehi said.
“Why would she be hiding?”
They rocked in their lover’s grip. Arms and legs moving wet with the Nile, they imagined themselves swimming in warm waves. The two played through the other’s clothes, slowly unveiling their bodies to the spray and breeze.
An-khi skimmed the back of her fingernails down her lover’s chest. “Ah, you deserve royal robes and here you are dressed in shes tepi.”
“Touching you, I am a majesty.”
Their bodies strong together, they explored without choice or control. They reeled with her urge and then his. Arms wrapped, fingers clutched. Palms glided along shoulder and hip. Amid kisses, words licked too.
“I envy the air around you.”
“I wake from a dream and find that you’ve survived it.”
“I’ve never been as awake as this.”
The wild cat wrestled with something in the sand. Mehi and An-khi offered each other’s lips their tongue or throat.
“Mehi, my breast is wet.”
“I want my last breath to be between your breasts.”
“Don’t wait, Mehi.”
He placed his fingers at the top of her legs. Her eyes fluttered.
Under the slowing fires of sunfall, their lungs and heartbeats sounded the only rhythm in the world. Mehi groaned long and low. An-khi’s fingers squeezed out three neat furrows of sand. In the couple’s shuddering and gasps, each upheld the other.

Minutes later, light-headed and limp, Mehi and An-khi gazed into the river’s million currents, wondering at the stillness of the lover in each one’s arms. Not a thing but the Nile moved or would likely ever move.
At their feet, a tug like an undertow seemed to draw them toward the river. Mehi thought himself as content as possible until An-khi said, “I am content.”


Chapter 10
EVENING CURSES
At nightfall, warmed for two weeks by An-khi’s skin but chilled by the close of pyramid season, Mehi walked for home through Mer’s honeycomb of alleys and huts. He worried, now that he no longer worked on the pyramid, whether An-khi would feel the same about him. Would he feel the same about himself? This was his actual fall from the pyramid. Like a sparrow chick from its nest.
And, with the recession season, the Nile would begin to subside and the days begin to cool.
As Mehi reached his hut, a neighbor stopped him to tell of a second parting. An-khi’s sister Snebtisi, that small woman with a huge cough, had died that day. Mehi’s chest immediately ached as if he’d been coughing for hours. But he wasn’t surprised. Recession meant change.

The next evening outside Paser’s estate, the mourners’ drumming footfalls kicked up gray dust. In a matching rhythm of swinging arms and long strides beating their heavy gowns of beige and tan and dun, they swept by Mehi. His heart quickening in the presence of so many dignitaries—aware he should be more somber—he tried to recall his mother’s lessons about how to behave in such company. He nearly let the cortege pass before joining it at its tail, taking up the march next to Snebtisi on planks shouldered by four men.
With An-khi’s family in a donkey cart at the front, the cortege wound toward the desert west of Mer. Arable land was too scarce for the dead; theirs was the desert. To Mehi, winding through the dunes to bury An-khi’s sister brought him closer to his own sister, a sister he never knew lying silent in sand somewhere near. What would she have been like? How would his life have been different? Too, he recalled Pabes’ eyes. What was death like? Sharing loss with An-khi, Mehi felt his steps drawing him closer to her as well.
The wind picked up. It whirled sand into the mourners’ eyes. Mehi recalled Snebtisi’s “flying sand.” The mourners shielded their oil lamps.
Trudging for a mile without road or word under a moonless night, the cortege circled a spot indicated by the cart’s halting. At their feet, the guests set their lamps that glowed shifting orange shadows onto them.
Mehi made sure he stayed clear as the four pallbearers came to the circle’s center and eased down the planks. Scooping from the sand a shallow oval grave and placing at its bottom a mat of plaited rushes, two of the men slid the planks from beneath Snebtisi. Adorned in a white gown with a crystal necklace and bracelets, the corpse wriggled into the grave.
Like Pabes, Snebtisi looked to be no more than asleep.
The family, one by one, stepped from the cart. His lips drawn taut, Paser maneuvered his elder daughter onto her left side, stretched out—not the fetal position of peasants like Pabes—and oriented to the east to watch the rising sun forever. An-khi set into her sister’s hand an ivory container. Heria committed the small body of a cat wrapped in white linen. Paser arranged alabaster bowls of honey, melon and plum wine beside his daughter. Two pallbearers covered Snebtisi with sycamore branches and sand.
As if on some signal that Mehi hadn’t seen, the guests hung their heads in unison. Four weeping women dressed in blue, whom Mehi hadn’t noticed before, formed four points of a square behind the guests’ circle. They began to drone a mournful song without words. Some in the crowd wept. The wind hissed.
Mehi groped to understand the feelings of An-khi’s family. Their pain must be deeper than his, even when he discovered the death of a sister he never knew. When it’s someone whose face you can still see, whose eyes ... Mehi’s own emotions whirled like the wind. So much was happening: dignitaries, ritual manners, desolate beauty and staring east forever.
An-khi and her parents lined up before their cart. Sand lashed at the guests as they approached to take Paser’s forearm and say a word to Heria and An-khi. Mehi struggled past them to get to his lover. Her eyes showed the pain he guessed they should show. He had nothing in mind to tell her until he took her hand. “An-khi, at least in all of this we share another thing. My sister is out here too.”
An-khi took her hand from him. Her eyes seeming to blacken, she whispered, “We don’t share anything. I’m the only daughter now. I’ll marry who my father tells me to.” She climbed onto the cart and sat between Paser and Heria. They rode away.
Mehi overlooked An-khi’s outburst. Of course, her grieving had caused it. So much had happened today.

In thick heat two nights later, Mehi sat cross-legged in the front room while Khety baked the evening meal at the clay oven in the courtyard. Horemheb hadn’t been home all day, but she wasn’t waiting dinner for him. Mehi rolled in his hands several pomegranate seeds, his favorite, Khety had somehow gathered for him. He looked forward to eating alone with his mother.
He heard An-khi greet his mother and, without calling at the door, dashed in. “Mehi,” she said, breathing hard. She pulled him up by the arm. “Come with me.”
“Where?”
“Just come.”
An-khi hustled Mehi out and then due west between the village huts.
Mehi asked, “What is it?”
“Not yet. When we’re away from everyone.” She directed Mehi toward the desert. He followed her swinging lamp. This jaunt recreated his closeness with An-khi during the funeral march. In their shared solitude, he admitted to himself how uncertain of An-khi’s affections he’d been lately. 
At last alone in the heat and darkness on the west side of the desert’s first dune, An-khi clutched her intended’s arm. “What are we going to do?”
“About what?”
Theormi’s voice pitched. “About me being the only daughter. If my mother dies, the estate would belong to me and my husband.”
“I don’t care about the estate.”
“The property won’t go to you.”
“I’m going to be your husband.”
“Not if my father has his way. Gods, I can’t believe you don’t understand this.”
The lamplight flickered on and off the two. Hunting for her eyes, Mehi’s brows crumpled. He tried not to panic. This couldn’t be real.
An-khi grabbed her forehead and spun about. “It’s all I’ve thought about and you’re not even aware of it.” She dropped her hand. Turning back to Mehi, she said, “You must know that property hands down from mother to eldest daughter. A man secures property through marriage.” She drew a long breath. “My sister’s death scared Father. He guards over me like he used to with her. He’s afraid of losing the estate and his governorship. He may declare me his wife.”
Mehi shook his head. “This kind of thing doesn’t happen with my people.”
“Well, it happens with mine.”
The sky seemed to cloud; Mehi’s view blackened. “Your father couldn’t mean it. We’re promised to each other. We started a house. It’s not right.”
“What’s right doesn’t matter. Fairness is nothing to my father.”
“Why are you angry with me? Are you exaggerating all this about your father?”
“If you believed what I’m telling you’d have to do something about it. This is your chance not to be timid.”
“Timid? You think I’m timid? Should I be more like my brother for you?”
An-khi turned away. “This arguing—it’s not getting us anywhere. Do something, Mehi.”
“Why is it up to me?”
“Mehi! All you do is sacrifice. You’re just not there sometimes.”
Mehi staggered as if from a blow across the jaw.
An-khi inhaled a deep breath, arms extended. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. It’s just that I’m upset.”
“Tu, An-khi.”
“I have to go. Father will find I’m gone. We’ll talk soon.” An-khi began to walk off, leaving Mehi in the dark.
“When?”
“I’m not going away,” she said behind her.
Mehi watched her walk away behind a dune concealing her lower body when An-khi stopped and turned toward him. “Is this what it feels like to grow up?” An-khi then resumed walking and sank from sight.
Alone in the desert, Mehi fought off thoughts of An-khi’s father, someone with the power to devastate him. Shivering despite the feverish night, he assured himself everything would work out.
Instead of heading for home, Mehi stalked into deeper desert onto hotter sand. 

Two weeks after leaving a man to die at his feet, something other than his dream to join a trading caravan directed Sebek: hunger. He’d fled Gebtu without waiting to gather food because the con man would have returned to discover his dead accomplice and notified the authorities or come hunting for Sebek himself. With only water, Sebek had scampered onto the Bekhan Trail, one hundred and twenty-five miles of a dead riverbed, stretching due east and banked by dark gray hills of crumbling sandstone and schist. Sebek knew he could join a caravan at the trail’s end, a port on the Travel Sea—he liked its promise of escape. But hunger frustrated his dream. 
Sebek’s nose had brought him to ten beetles scurrying their balls of dung from a fresh deposit of a hedgehog. He scooped up and plopped each beetle down his throat.
Few towns existed on the trail. The only outposts were abandoned or manned by guards unsympathetic to beggars. Yet, at night, Sebek would bleed off some of their well water. 
He found food, like the beetles, as he could. But, for several days, desperate and cursing his hunger, Sebek had to leave the trail and stalk into the desert. He turned over rock after rock, finding on the third day a saw-scaled viper. Smashing and severing its head with the rock, he immediately bit into its dull red skin and ate it whole. 
A day or two later, he turned over a flat rock and a shiny orange scorpion charged out, brandishing its claws and tail at the intruder. Its fury fascinated Sebek. In his view, the scorpion’s shell and stinger—and considerable spite—created a perfect beast. In this hard desert, the scorpion lived well, needing only a rock for a home. Charmed, Sebek allowed it to storm off. 
The beetles squiggling in his stomach, Sebek finally came within sight of a town. He didn’t know its name. Didn’t care to know. As he watched, lamplight died one by one across the scattering of huts.
Moving into the quiet town, he kept from the larger homes and made his way to a dense quarter. He was as good as these people; he wouldn’t beg for food here. He’d just take what he needed. But the animal pen and two storerooms he tried were locked. These people were suspicious.
He wandered the dark alleys, guessing which family inside their huts would serve him.
Sebek’s nose pricked up for a delicious flavor in the air. Following the scent to where desert sands began to encroach, he saw campfire smoke. He crept on his belly up a short embankment to discover two men sitting about the fire gnawing on bones. The roast’s fragrance crisped the air. His saliva pooled on his tongue. Then he saw that they ate pig.
At home, a pig would never be eaten. Pig meat sickened in the sun, turned the stomach and even killed. It would only be buried far from town. In his family’s worst days they didn’t eat pig. These two scourges bit into the slimy flesh, gorging themselves. They had no honor.
Sebek smelled their delicious dinner.
He stood and was about to turn away to find real food. He tripped. Sebek skidded down the embankment. Before he could stop his slide, the men came at him.
“What’s this, then?” said the burly one, his face greasy, picking up Sebek.
“It’s a boy,” said the other, nose flattened and crooked.
“I’m a man.” Sebek shook his shoulders without escaping the man’s grasp.
The man holding Sebek hauled him into the firelight. “You ever see that face, Paneb?”
Paneb shook his head.
“You’re not from here, are you, boy?”
Sebek didn’t answer. He glanced at the roasting meat. He licked his lips.
“Are you hungry?”
“I don’t eat pig.”
“Then you’re not hungry like a man.” The burly one retrieved a slug of meat on a bone steaming in his hand. He waved it in front of Sebek’s face. “Sure you don’t want some, boy?”
“Only pigs eat pig.”
“You’re strong in the mouth, like some noble’s brat.” He jerked his head to his companion. “Here—you hold him. Let’s see how hungry he is.”
Paneb clasped Sebek’s arms behind his back. Sebek could only wriggle as the first man swatted the pig meat across his face. Sebek thrashed his head back and forth, grease and bits of meat wiping on his chin and eyes and sticking up his nostrils. With the bone, the man pried open Sebek’s mouth. Sebek tasted the silky warm texture on his tongue. Its juices ran down his tongue and throat, coating his emptiness like balm.
No matter how he gritted his teeth, delicious juices trickled in. Sebek cursed himself for surrendering to hunger. He bit, spit and growled.
Honking with laughter and dropping to the ground, the men let him go. Sebek staggered away, exhausted.
Two hours later, the men were snoring when Sebek snuck back into their camp. He seized the remains of their dinner, running with it from their snores. A half-mile away, he plopped down and feasted on the cold pig meat. Until he was stuffed. He fell asleep, without hunger or any other distraction.

Sebek woke to a kick in the back. He jumped up. Night still black, seven villagers surrounded him, two with lamps. Two others threw him back to the ground next to the pig’s bones.
“Look there,” said a gaunt man, “that’s what’s left of my property.”
“Does anyone know him?”
“He’s on the run already, sure. Take him.” The men thrust Sebek to his feet.
“I didn’t steal it,” Sebek said. “Two thieves over by those dunes stole it.”
“Bring him to the mayor.”
“I didn’t do it.”
A few minutes later outside his squat home, the squat mayor said, “Son, you came to town at the wrong time. There’s panic in Annu for gold. Royal conscriptors are here recruiting criminals for the gold mines. They’re looking for someone just like you.”
At the mention of gold mines, Sebek shivered. His captors flinched. Manned by slaves and criminals, gold mining killed its captives before it released them.
“We will go for a judgment from good God-king Khufu,” said the mayor. “We hope he finds you innocent.”
Minutes later, outside the town’s Justice House, Sebek tried to kick one of the strangers holding him. Looking around him for some route of escape, he saw past low hills in the distance a stretch of blue water. “What’s that?” He nodded toward the blue color.
“That, son, is the Travel Sea.”
So Sebek had made it after all. But he saw it from these strangers’ hands. He twitched with the urge to run to the sea.
The men tightened their grip. “Settle down, youngster.”
Sebek was still turned toward the water when the God-king Khufu oracle, carried by four priests, emerged from the Justice House on a palanquin. Two following priests with ostrich feathers fanned burning frankincense smoke. Displaying a golden sash across his otherwise bare chest, a royal conscriptor skulked just behind. The priests stopped before the mayor’s group. One priest, decked in scarlet robes, rested his hand on the sacred stone image and nodded to the mayor. 
The pig’s gaunt owner stepped up. “Khufu, good god, I am an honest man who lives in this village. My valuable property has been stolen from me. Good god, is this the criminal who stole my property?”
All heads turned to the oracle. After a long moment, the oracle nodded.
A villager said, “That’s one fewer of our own boys dying in the mines.”
Sebek screamed. “The priest did that. You know that. I didn’t steal that pig.”
“Good God-king Khufu pronounces you guilty, young man. His is the final word.” 
Sebek spat. “This isn’t justice, you idiots. You tem, hem-t imbeciles. I’ll kill you. I’ll kill Khufu. All of you idiots.”
The mayor handed Sebek to the conscriptors. Sebek glanced at the Travel Sea.

Before the next dawn, Sebek filed onto the Bekhan Trail not in the way he had dreamt. He headed west roped with foreigners. Pink pebble sand, pale brush and jagged hills for sixteen hours of walking under the hot, hotter sun. Sebek’s anger welled tears. He stopped them when he received but one gulp of water that night.
Red spikes sprouted in Sebek for tem Egyptian law and the ignorant men who wielded it. Nak sesh Khufu. He would rot, rot, rot. 
No one spoke. Talk wasted moisture.
Sometime during the second night, guards led them off the trail into the bare desert. An hour before they stopped walking to sleep on the sand, a man fell dead. Guards left him where he fell. Sebek couldn’t stop the vain impulse to lick his cracked lips.
On the fourth day, the sun stopped moving. It braced itself at its peak to whip his back with all its might. Sebek hated the yellow gore of it. Two more fell and were left.
At sundown, Sebek and the slaves arrived at the gold mine. In the red heat, burnt, dizzy and stripped naked, Sebek erected a scorpion shell over his nakedness. And claws. The stinger curled over his back.
At several spots, slaves around water troughs picked at ore. None of them paid any notice to the new prisoners. Guards cracked clubs against the spines of Sebek and the others, driving them toward their new home: a shaft in a mountain. On the cave mouth were red ocher drawings of lions and gazelles. They ran free, taunting Sebek.
The shaft quivered with heat. Quick as flint sparks sweat swabbed him. He licked at sweat on his shoulder but his swollen tongue nudged off the drops before he could taste them.
Sebek shambled into the darkness and his future turned just as black.
The cave’s darkness swallowed the chain of prisoners. Torches in the corridor cast irregular shadows on their path. Their foreman’s club on their backs prompted them. Whether the foreman knew it or not, he was no less a prisoner in this hellhole. The difference was the linen girdle he wore to Sebek’s nudity. But the foreman couldn’t see Sebek’s shell.
The prisoners slogged on for fifty feet to a widened area where pan fires exposed the glimmer of a quartz vein in the wall. Something slammed Sebek’s chest—the side of a flint hammer. He snatched it from the foreman. About to strike back, another guard clubbed Sebek’s forehead. Sebek slumped to a knee. He shook his head. Clubs thudded against the other prisoners. A club pounded his back. He got the message and stood up.
Guards removed the wall fires. Then they shoved the prisoners at the smoking, red-glowing wall. Sebek smacked against it, singeing his face and burning hairs on his arms, his nostrils stinging with the acrid smell. Each prisoner’s back cracked with a clubbing. The guards meant to convince the prisoners to fulfill their purpose here by striking the wall just as hard.
The other guards drifted deeper into the cave. The foreman beat first one prisoner, then another in a steady rhythm. “Harder” or “Faster” he said with each clubbing. Sebek knew he’d be struck again if not when. Dizzied with the heat and dirty air that blew around him like a desert wind, he hammered the wall. Heat loaded his face, chest and legs. A wet chalk of dirt, stone and sweat caked on him. Even opening his eyes was a chore. Dirt and rock from the wall flew into his eyes. He coughed black spit. He glanced at the other prisoners to see if they understood this nightmare. Their faces showed only fear.
How had he been here only minutes. Or had it been days?

At an evening gathering in the Hall of Pillars, Khufu asked the dozen family and friends on pillows around his pavilion, “Can anyone tell us one of the ancient stories? About a man who travels through time? Or about an eternal romance? Which of you knows the secret words?”
“I know them, Majesty,” stated Djedi, rising.
“Magician, yes. Tell us.” With eager smile, Khufu scrunched down in his pavilion’s crimson silken divan, guards waving orange ostrich feathers over him and his guests.
Djedi laid out his large hands and began the story of a young man who sought a magician to help unburden him of his words of love for a maiden in his village. The story’s magician, embittered by the loss of his own lost many years before, and taking all of the young man’s possessions as payment, provided not a love potion but one that prevented the maiden from hearing the young man’s words of love. For the lovers’ names, Djedi used “Mehi” and “An-khi.” After surviving great obstacles like those of God Ra conquering his night serpents, Mehi came close enough to An-khi to drop the potion into her ear. He whispered his long-suppressed and singular words of love. The story ended when she replied, “I’m sorry, but I could not hear what you said.”
The God-king had Djedi repeat the ending. Then he asked, “What were Mehi’s words?”
“Majesty, that would spoil the story,” Djedi said with a bow, re-seating himself.
Khufu closed his eyes. He beckoned to recall the purest longing he’d ever evoked for Meritates. He recalled a moment six months before Ka’ab’s birth. Beside her in bed, palming her belly, he had luxuriated as glorious as a blood-orange sunrise. Yet, even that sublime sensation did not compare to those of Mehi for his An-khi. Since that moment, Khufu had distanced Meritates beyond the reach his love where it might as well be as silent as sunset. Still, his love with Theormi promised the light of dawn, marrying water with earth, and banishing darkness for elation.
Khufu’s eyes opened. “In the story, “Two Lovers and the Evil Magician,” the character Mehi touches me as my children touch me. I adopt him, Mehi, a son of my choosing, an heir to the kingdom. Prince Mehi, born of love.”
The princes applauded. “Credit for every citizen.” “A suitable prize for a hero.” Dedephor quipped, “I’d like one of those myself.”
Djedi rose again. “Your Majesty, God-king Khufu, this adoption befits you and your legacy. I suggest you render it a legal act worthy of your noble sentiment.”
Khufu wrote out and signed the proclamation. He called for his chamberlain to collect the document.
Then, all in the Hall heard a tiny sob. They turned toward the Royal Chamberlain.
His head bowed and voice only just audible, Ramose said, “Dear God-king, I request your tolerance.”
Djedi and the princes stiffened. The King nodded. 
“Queen Meritates has been notified ...”
“Yes?”
“Queen Mother Hetefares, mother of the great God-king Khufu, has died.”
The God-king slumped over his lap. Gray sand seemed to spill into his heart. He fought to breathe as he imagined his mother looking onto death from dead eyes. Through them, he witnessed a landscape of leaden, stagnant waste. Ramose hurried to steady him. The others bowed or cried.
Later that night, Prince Khemtatef, the youngest grandchild and Hetefares’ darling, dragged into Khufu’s chamber. Some hours after, son and father exited pale and red-eyed. They embraced in the corridor.
A ten-day national festival honored the Queen Mother. One hundred Gods and Goddesses including “The Forty-One” bestowed tribute at Annu’s Ra Temple. Crying citizens mobbed the streets. Khufu interred his mother in a mastaba tomb beside his father’s Daksar pyramid.
Khufu withdrew to his suite. He paced there with a single thought: imperfection. Worms, shadows, Hituptah priests—all his inadequacy.

The wake of Theormi’s dash to the palace gardens at midnight guttered torches in the dark Per-O hallway. She’d learned of the Queen Mother’s death and rushed to Khufu’s suite, but he would not admit her. Theormi knew he did not want distraction from his grief. But perhaps he’d visit the garden. As she placed her hand on the garden door, another hand clenched her wrist. It belonged to Prince Merhet.
He whispered, “I hold something for you.”
Not able to predict the prince’s reaction, Theormi resisted the impulse to yank back her hand. She simply scanned her eyes down to his fingers and he released her.
His three curls of hair bouncing damp on his forehead, he said, “I want you to see the world as I do.”
Theormi drew back in the tight space. “Prince, we are all in mourning.”
“I have the truth. Since Father’s Heb-Sed. That night, I knew Mery’d be asleep, unable to cope with Ka’ab and our father being killed—nearly killed. My phallus swelled. I would display to my sister the body part that told me the truth. Do you see?”
Theormi didn’t want to see.
“The tongue. I fingered the very tongue of the assassin.” Merhet waited, seemingly for Theormi to be impressed. Sweat began to bead on his forehead. “The tongue of the assassin who attacked the God-king on his inauguration. That I saved from the interrogation floor. That tongue I held. It swore potent oaths. Rich with incarnadine blood. Then I saw you. I had been a twin, a mere half. We can be whole. When we are one, we can defy the God-king.”
“Prince, this would seem to be a private matter of grief for the Queen Mother. I believe I should withdraw.”
Without seeming to hear her, Merhet’s eyes lit up. “Gripping the tongue, I tiptoed into Mery’s room. A single flame illuminated her bed. The lace canopy glowed. Before me, yes, on her back, my lovely sister slept.” Peeking over his shoulder, Merhet jabbered on, his voice increasingly shrill. “I could not sleep, not after what I’d seen. First, that young man with the chisel changed fate and then his oath erupted in blood. Power. Passion. No, Merhet could not sleep.”
Theormi’s eyes searched the hallway hoping anyone would rescue her.
“The white linen coverlet on my baby sister was as soft and cool as a cloud. Face to the high window, her long hair swept behind her as if by a lunar wind. A new moon. Or was it? Within this concealed empire, this purdah, I had arrived at its mysteries; I pulled on Merysankh’s coverlet.”
“Prince, I must take your leave.”
“The coverlet unveiling down Mery’s neck, down her shoulders, down her silken bedclothes, her back, down her waist. Tender as moonlight, she lay like a plated jewel fish, submitting herself to me. At last, past her hips. Then, there, just there, between Merysankh’s legs, on her bedclothes, a circle of blood.”
“Oh! Thank you for this story. It is important. Again, please, I must beg your leave—”
“The circle, thick and fibrous, crawled outward as silently as a shadow, as if with spider legs beneath. This truth was my reward, as the tongue had said. My half-a-person broke through. Revealing the female mystery, I became whole.”
Theormi rotated toward the door, turning fully from Merhet. He leaned around her, sticking his now sweating face next to hers. “I looked through the window to the supposedly moonless night and, fantastically, fantastically, the moon appeared full and white and round. In a single fell flash, I saw reality. I’d always known it but it had been held from me behind the purdah curtain. The veil of half-sight, of twinship, ripped from my eyes. The decrepit Merhet vacated me.”
“Prince, please.”
“I listened to the oracle in my hand. For the first moment in my life, I had direction. Then I saw you.”
Theormi backed against the garden door and faced the prince, prepared to defend herself.
Instantly Merhet drooped. “But the Sun-God is your lover.”
From the outside the door opened, jamming Theormi against Merhet. The Royal Gardener apologized, and then bowed awkwardly in the cramped space and stepped back. Merhet turned and scooted away down the hall.
Theormi hugged the gardener. “Thank you, Kani. Thank you.” She kissed his cheek and ran into the garden.

Past midnight, two days after Hetefares’ death, the God-king slumped in his golden throne in the Throne Room. Across from him on the royal officers’ bench, Prince Hordedef hunched over rumpled papyrus sheets on his lap. “Sire, thank you for meeting with me at this hour.”
Khufu’s face sagged. “Sleep ... is impossible.” Time is short for grief no matter how slowly the heart regains its previous pace. Duty demands me. He cast his eyes up at the repeated figure of the sun with eagles’ wings.
“It pains me, especially at this juncture, to inform you that I discovered clandestine activity in the Per-O.”
Khufu hardly heard his son. “Any worm cripples the best fruit.”
“Sire? Yes, Sire.” Hordedef hesitated. “I’ve developed an accounting of substitution to compare Vizier Shaf’s incomes and expenses. His monthly numbers don’t calculate.”
“This is evidence of your worm?”
“Majesty, as you can see, we come to a single conclusion. Month after month, year after year, Shaf has been dispensing secret wages.”
Khufu considered a minute. “Hasn’t Shaf’s promotion to vizier biased you into this conclusion?”
Hordedef tightened his overbite on his lower lip.
“What does the vizier say to this?”
“At first, Shaf blanched. Then he admitted, ‘It is for assistants who served the vizier.’ When I suggested they were mercenaries, he said, ‘If you will.’ He portrayed my inquiry as only my manipulation to win the debate regarding the Wawat invasion.”
“You know we resolve that question at our next council. I’ll speak to the vizier.”
“But, Sire—”
“I’ll speak to the vizier.” The father discerned his son’s sigh.


Chapter 11
EBB LIKE DAWN
Twelve days later at his vanity’s full-length silver mirror, the God-king plucked gray hairs from his scalp. “She loves me, she loves me not. I grow older but the pyramid grows no higher.”
Prior to their joining an afternoon reception for Chief Piye of the Wawat, Khufu met with Egypt’s royal officers, attending him on pillows set on the turquoise tiles, to debate invasion of Piye’s chiefdom south of Egypt. Wawat gold would secure pyramid construction when the inundation season resumed seven long months away. The pyramid would secure endless life for Khufu; Khufu’s afterlife in the pyramid would secure Egypt’s prosperity. Pyramid construction required copper chisels, chisels required constant sharpening, sharpening required continual fires, fires required trade for Keben timber, and that required gold.
Khufu addressed his six officers’ reflection in the mirror. “Each Egyptian tree felled for these blasted blast fires is like yanking out one of my teeth.” He tugged down his lower lip and exposed gold wires securing the otherwise loose teeth. “But Egypt requires perfection of its King. In our years, we have expanded the mining of turquoise, red jasper, soft gypsum and purple bekhenu, but no gold. What do you say, Prince Hordedef?”
Standing, Hordedef said, “If we conquer Wawat, conquer with dispatch, and post our men across the vast desert—a necessity if we conquer—we will parse too thin Egypt’s men and wealth. Fabled treasures of the rich lands south of the Wawat such as Punt would remain fabled.”
Remaining on his pillow, Vizier Shaf lazily waved a hand. “Hordedef has lectured us well, Majesty. Then again, he’s performed this speech countless times before this council.” Chuckling passed among the officers. Shaf cast his hand above his head and pitched his voice. “Gentlemen, Wawat gold is in heat for God-king Khufu, her destined mate. She secretes love’s scent, swoons at his touch, and yields to his invasions. Her plea is, ‘Take me.’”
Khufu grinned. Then he pinched his cheeks.
“I want,” Hordedef said amid the princes’ laughter, “to thank my brother for his poem ‘Rutting with My Favorite Metal.’ Allow me to point out that Egypt alone possesses the organization to mine Wawat’s gold, and Piye knows this. Egypt alone maintains the might to invade his realm, and Piye knows this. So, rather than waste lives in war, we gain Wawat gold by simply negotiating with Piye.”
“Negotiate? With the Wild Man, you say?” Shaf once more coaxed laughter from the officers. “Instead, brother, negotiate the cataracts.”
The second prince thrust his hands forward. “Don’t allow hate to win us. Hate fouls our dearest relations. If we allow it here it will putrefy us.”
“Anyone feel the need for a bath?” Dedephor’s jest drew a cackle even from Khufu while the keeper painted kohl around the God-king’s eyes.
“Loss of ma’at,” Hordjedef said, his eyes wide, “drought, storm, invasion, Gods abandoning man, men abandoning land. Don’t you comprehend that’s what we debate?”
“Hordedef,” Shaf said, “we invade merely a land of barbarians and claim Khufu his ordained gold that has always belonged to the realm of his magnificence.”
“Are they barbarians simply for living outside our borders?”
“Reason enough.”
“Madness.”
“Enough, then,” Khufu said. Vestment, wig and complexion primed, he arose, feeling himself again the image of God-king in the long line of God-kings. “On to our guests. And the Wild Man.”

With his officers, God-king Khufu entered the Hall of Pillars. The seventy guests gathered on the pool mural bowed to kiss the floor. They passed through sunrays streaming from high windows on their way to Chief Piye, lounging underneath the twenty-foot, falcon-headed statue of God Ra. The chief’s belly bulged across ten pillows under him. He rolled over to slurp up grapes a harem woman offered to him upon her palm. Four cornflower wreaths draped his neck. Khufu’s gifts of gold breast plates, clasps and girdles were scattered about him amid vases of wine and bowls of figs, beef and dark honey.
Khufu asked, “Are my ladies treating you well, my good King?”
“Great Khufu, your women are the lushest in ten lands.” Piye’s opened mouth displayed mashed grapes and catfish. “Perhaps a few you snatched from other lands, eh? Certainly, Khufu isn’t satisfied with the best in only his own nation, is he?”
Khufu responded only with a short laugh.
“Possibly one or two will return to Wawat with me to remind me of the Great God-king Khufu’s might ... and mercy.” Focused on Khufu’s eyes, Piye said, “For who predicts what will be retained after a night’s surrender, eh?”
“Beautiful dawns await you, King, to the end of your days.”
“In some year far ahead of us, we hope—and by natural means.” Piye tipped his wine goblet toward Khufu before slugging down its contents.
Khufu’s gut coiled; the Per-O worm had leaked word to Piye of the invasion debate. “Naturally, great King.”
To the two leaders, younger princess Merysankh padded as softly as her smile. Yellow silks clasping her body except at her shoulders, she bowed to Khufu and Piye before heading on to other guests.
Piye’s eyes followed her. “Her footfalls purr like a turtledove. Conceive it—a noiseless woman. And as Khufu’s daughter? A larger impossibility.” Piye sprang up and started his stomach jiggling. “Bring the gifts.”
Piye and an entourage of thirteen trailed Merysankh. As she offered to shake the hand of a guest, Chief Piye intruded upon her, his belly less than a foot away. She twirled around to him. “Sweet, precious princess,” he proclaimed, “you are sunlight on water.”
Every guest broke off conversations to watch.
King Piye stripped the wreaths one after another from his neck and piled them around her neck. Shifting her eyes, Merysankh pleaded for help from Khufu and her brothers. Piye presented to her a three-inch ivory figurine of Khufu.
“See that,” said Khufu to his princes, “he seduces my daughter—with my gifts.”
Piye said, “You bear the grace of a rose, the softness of moss.” Tilting back his head to apparently continue his praise, Piye flourished his arm but accidentally threw open his robe. He wore no loincloth underneath. Merysankh’s eyes widened on the King’s uncovered flesh before she could avert her attention to the Hall’s ceiling. Guests followed her lead. Soon, seventy pairs of eyes found fascination in the previously neglected ceiling.
His robe and genitals swaying, Piye slapped a hand on the robe to secure it while punctuating his remarks with the other hand. “Stars envy your eyes, gold envies your skin.”
Merysankh, now facing away from him, tried to balance the gifts wobbling in her arms that the chief’s entourage continued to load on her.
“I believe we have a problem,” Hordedef whispered to Khufu.
Khufu stretched a grin. “You think negatively, son. We have a solution.”
“Majesty?”
“It is your wish to negotiate. Now, we have something with which to bargain. Meet with me tomorrow.”

Mid-afternoon the next day, the enthroned God-king eyed Prince Hordedef kissing the white floor in the Throne Room. Khufu as father welcomed a son he loved while Khufu as God-king considered that this was the Per-O worm he detested. Hordedef stood and peered through the chamber’s faint light as if seeking Khufu’s eyes. The act of a concerned son or a spy? “Your sister caught the eye of the Wild Man.”
“So it would appear, my Lord.”
“Capable of much, she shows us how to serve a certain need. Do you understand?”
“A moment, your Majesty.” Fingers to his lips, Hordedef strode closer to his father. “Consider a moment what it would mean to Merysankh to marry the foreign chief, a man she does not love?”
Heat streaked up Khufu’s spine. “Can you believe I don’t? Can you think Khufu does not know loneliness?” His hands flexed into fists. “I did not … The princess … There are many ways to move Piye short of her marrying him. Perhaps your own shadowed heart might dredge up such a horror.”
Hordedef recoiled as if scalded.
“Your duty,” said the God-king, aiming a meaty finger at the prince, “is to be true to your idealism. Must I call upon my adopted son Mehi to find a prince who backs up his words? Until then, words are just shadows.”
Hordedef slowly closed his eyes.
The God-king turned from the prince. He listened to Hordedef exit the chamber.

From the moment that Sebek lurched out of his first sleep into the black tomb of the goldmine, any feeling for time passing had flittered away. Dawn, noon, sunset? None of them existed. The shaft’s heat, as from fired iron, had replaced the sun; shadows replaced the night. In this tiny space, loss of time loomed like a malevolence as large as a universe. 
How could he survive another breath?
Sebek dreamt of water—water to fill him from toes to chin—and getting out. He took only a pig, and only from the real thieves. These guards didn’t even know about the man he killed.
After another awakening, still roped to the others huddled on the dirt, he began to rub something on his forearm. He rubbed it hard before he realized he was rubbing away his skin. He kept rubbing. 
Life for the one named Sebek had ended. He was a scorpion now. A desert survivor.
His chain of prisoners moved forward into shadows. Like the clouds on the night Sebek left home, shadows in the cave glided on hot currents. They veiled other shadows that sometimes turned into men. Men with clubs.
The clubbing resumed. Voices barked orders. To Sebek, it was the many ghosts of his father that beat and cursed him. In reply, Sebek hammered the stone.
One day or night, Sebek heard the rustling of rock chips at his feet. A child, shorter than is knees, was there gathering them. How could someone so small be caught in this hell? The boy didn’t return Sebek’s gaze. Wrinkles on his face crossed leathery skin. Aged, his eyes were dull as sand. Would Sebek become like that? Old and dead before his time?
His urine trickled down his leg.
A week—perhaps two—into his imprisonment, the rope jerked Sebek to the ground. Near him, in dust clouds, several prisoners heaped together. The foreman snatched them up one by one by their throats. Underneath, a smallish slave lay flat, his legs and arms crumped under him. His body settled into the dirt. Sebek knew the man had just died.
The foreman’s club cracked fast, driving away those near the dead stranger. He cut the corpse from the chain, then dragged it by its limp hand. Its eyes open, the head plowed up dirt on the cave floor like the bow of a captainless ship. The guard discarded the body in a wide area in the passage and returned to strike each prisoner’s back before tying them back together.
Sebek glanced over his shoulder at the dead man, earning him a second clubbing. A guard’s gray outline emerged from a shadow. He snatched the slave’s wrist with one hand, already dragging a second corpse by his other hand. The eyes of the second corpse were open too. They looked at Sebek. They belonged to the boy who had gathered chips from the floor. In the boy’s eyes, Sebek saw himself as they saw him—a meek, feeble cow of a slave. Not a scorpion.
The God-king tortured the people who enriched him. They died for the God-king’s gold.
Cold anger fired Sebek. He began to plan.
First he’d disguise himself with a slave’s show of fear. Behind his nakedness, he’d hide his plan from these guards.
Sebek’s plan depended upon quick, strong wrists—like a scorpion’s pincers. Adopting the prisoners’ slack stroke, he wobbled the hammer over his head and allowed the head’s weight to fall. At the last instant he added a snap of his wrists to crack the blade into the wall as, in his mind, he chanted, Crawling like a bug on a pig is the KING, crawling like a bug on a pig is the KING, ... KING ...
He also began to pretend that he did not understand the foreman’s orders. The foreman should forget Sebek knew the Egyptian language. Even though each moment floated into slow-moving shadows and smoldering torchlight, Sebek measured out his own time.
... KING ... KING ...
Corpses went and prisoners came. Corpse and prisoner wore the same mask of fear. Sebek’s gouges blasted enough gold for the tyrant God-king to choke on. Still, his health dwindled. He must strike before he lost the strength to hate.
... KING ... KING ...

An hour or a month later, Sebek watched out of the corner of his eye a slave struggle to lift his hammer above his shoulder. The slave wheezed with each failed strike. After he managed to strike the wall once more, encouraged by a clubbing, he teetered on his feet. That led to many more failed strikes and more clubbings. Finally, nothing the slave could do brought up his hammer higher than his waist. He wheezed like a dying duck. His knees wavered and his shoulders sagged. The hammer dropped from his hands. 
That brought out the foreman’s whip. It snapped on the slave’s back, then his hip, then around his neck. The slave collapsed. Sebek and the others in the chain fell toward him. The foreman clubbed them all. Each staggered up. The foreman cut the man loose then began dragging him away.
Sebek seized his moment. Did he have enough strength left?
Placing one hand against the wall, Sebek hammered the rope from both wrists. Unbound, he stepped toward the foreman who was rolling the corpse into the passage. Sebek yelled, “Avalanche!”
The foreman cringed, looking above his head before seeing Sebek, hammer in hand. The foreman turned. Sebek hadn’t planned where to aim. The head. He jerked the hammer down like a scorpion’s stinger. ... is the KING.
The stone hammer pitched into the foreman’s forehead with a gratifying crunch. He didn’t protest with as much as a whisper, but crumpled like dried papyrus. Still, Sebek struck the man twice more.
Sebek turned back to the slaves. They were numbly hacking at the wall, blind to his scorpion attack. He spat.
He still had to escape the shaft. He took hold of the foreman’s right leg and tugged him back near the slave chain and propped him against the wall, placing the club into the fist as if he were about to beat one of them. “Please don’t hit me, good god Khufu.”
Sebek hurried to the passage, and lay down to match how dead man lay. He played dead. Though tantalized by this sleep position, Sebek remained alert. His wait wasn’t long. A guard grumbled, “Two tem bodies.” Sebek’s ankle lifted and he was dragged away. Twice during the fifty yards, passing two other crews, the guard stopped to take a deep breath and re-grip. Sebek’s back cut against the rough rock and dirt. His genitals ground under his body. He was dead, he told himself; he couldn’t feel.
Sebek smelled fresher air. Sunlight smacked his body and stung his eyes through his closed eyelids. He tried not to squint. More grunting. He felt himself lifted, then tossed through the air. He landed against sandy ground, cramming his shoulder, and tumbled twenty feet before ramming another slack body. He kept his eyes shut. He heard the second body hit down, slide and come to rest over his legs.
Sebek waited. He heard no sound, but smelled rotting flesh. Worse than pig smell.
Yet, he was nearly free. He slit open his eyes. Sunlight slashed them. He had trouble seeing at all. Angling his head, he could just make out three corpses around him. He was in a pit. Sebek saw no one above the pit. He sat up, glanced about again—dirt and sky—and pulled himself to his feet. He tripped, nearly tripping over a body. Everything hurt, including his eyes. He began to run up the side of the pit before falling to his hands and feet, digging with all four in the pale dirt. His legs dragged, but panic drove him.
At the top of the rise, he peeked over. To his right, he saw just three guards, near the mine shaft. To his right, at a wooden trough, an old man and woman with dead faces poured water over mine diggings. Ducking down, Sebek again checked the guards whose faces were turned away. Wild as a hyena, he ran to the man and woman, elbowed them away and gulped twice from the water. Then Sebek dashed away, snickering because he expected that bits of gold had washed down his throat with the water.
Even if the guards had seen him, they wouldn’t follow him into the desert. That way was death. But they didn’t know he was scorpion.
Sebek scurried down an incline. His knees buckled. He righted himself and ducked around an outcrop and kept galloping. He laughed at the fools he’d left behind. Laughing and running. He was alone.

Weak and parched, Sebek wandered. Dirt and heat. The sun lashed him. He ached head to toe. Distant mountains waved behind heat vapors. Hours passed before he realized he’d lost the way back to the Bekhan Trail. He laughed. Tomorrow he would wake with the flogging sun and know which direction to make for the Travel Sea again.
A mountain, dark and squat, loomed ahead of him. He’d rest there in its shade. Sebek staggered toward it. Although it seemed not to come closer, he kept on toward its blackness.

Deep in the afternoon, sun low—there’s the west—lions or leopards roared in the distance. The dark mountain listed above him finally at its base. Sebek imagined the mountain was frothy loam, the loam that lapped up at the Inundation’s edge. This froth piled high upon itself into so many layers upon layers and intricate crevices, recesses and curls. The longer Sebek plumbed the mountain’s face, the deeper its blackness seemed to coil through it. He wished the peak would swallow him. How could he not have seen ever before the staggering majesty of pointed pyramids? Sebek threw back his head and laughed. The mountain and the sun bore down over him. He ached. The world spun around and around. He tripped. Headlong, Sebek tumbled down a crevice. 
After a fall of ten feet, he landed against a rock floor. The world fell silent.

Mehi waited for his lover on the river shoreline. Overhead honked a gaggle of geese. He followed their retreat into clouds set aflame by the falling sun.
Two weeks after Snebtisi’s funeral, An-khi often came late to their meetings though perhaps not this late; when she arrived, the ground would warm and Mehi’s spirit would lighten.
Sails knocked on a mast in the harbor, and he twisted toward it. Disappointed it wasn’t something more, he straightened.
Mehi awaited for An-khi to again tie knots in his hair or drum her fingers on his lips. He’d stroke her arm and breathe her clean perfume. They’d talk of stars, families, poetry or nothing.
Mehi stood, telling himself he needed to stretch. Into the darkening, he scanned as far as he could in all directions. Running from the water, four giggling children chased each other home.
He sat again, crossing his legs. He tugged his ear lobe that An-khi might kiss before stroking his cheek. He imagined her warm breath and his body alerting for it. He would give himself again. Mehi picked up the cornflower he’d brought for her. Idly, he plucked its blue petals, counting each as the moment An-khi would arrive.
He bared the flower.
Mehi dropped his back to the ground and pinned his hands under his head to gaze at the birdless day. He waited for his lover on the river shoreline.

Dawn had sloughed off night for a new flesh of violet when An-khi gave up her disturbed sleep. She stepped onto a footstool for some fresh air from her window. Beyond the estate’s palms, a dark figure on a ridge stared back. “Mehi.”
An-khi hurried to the front room but her father was there at his morning meal. Once more at her window, she balled her hands into fists. In the half-hour Paser dawdled before leaving the front room, Mehi remained on the ridge like a scarecrow. When she could, An-khi lunged out the doorway, through a gate in the rear fence, up the ridge and stood before Mehi. “What are you doing here?”
“I want to know one thing,” he said, his eyes red and swollen.
“You look terrible. When did you last sleep?”
“Everything we planned, everything we said to each other … I hoped ... I expected we would set up a home. What does all that mean now?”
“I don’t know.”
“Lies are a dam.”
“I honestly don’t know.”
“Do you know what it is to hold back?”
“You need sleep.”
“Do you love me?”
After a pause, An-khi said, “Wildly.”
Mehi’s face relaxed into his grin. “That’s what I wanted to hear.” He stretched his neck, the first movement An-khi saw him make that morning.
An-khi’s eyes narrowed on him. How could he think that he’d resolve this so easily? “This isn’t between just you and me. It’s not me you need to convince.”
“Who is it between? Who do I go to but you?”
“That should be obvious.”
“An-khi, you said to me, ‘Do something.’ I worked out why that burnt me; I didn’t want to do that ‘something’ alone. It’s why I love working the pyramid, why I hate Sebek going away.” Mehi squeezed out a tiny laugh. “I know what to do, something we can do together. The way we used to do everything together.”
“Tu?”
“An-khi,” said her betrothed, his hands reaching for her, “let’s elope. Let’s forget about your father and property and let’s run. Let’s run, An-khi. Anywhere. Sebek is gone off on his dream. Let’s run after our dream.”
An-khi whipped up her hands in two huge arcs. Her anger burnt such that her words might have been flames. “You expect me to give up the estate? Give up my family? That just can’t be. I deserve property and to be in love. All your solution does is avoid my father. You’re afraid. You want me to sacrifice myself the way you do.”
“Because I ask questions, you think I have no answers. Eloping would work.”
Breathing hard, An-khi stared at Mehi, partly in an attempt to convey how unrealistic he was thinking and partly to realize that fully herself. Lowering her head, An-khi spoke to the ground. “Maybe the answer is not what we do but how we react to this.”
“You mean we should just accept it?”
An-khi realized she meant exactly that. Her shoulders dropped. Trying to redirect the conversation, she said the first words that came to her. “What happened in the past can happen again.” Only after saying this did An-khi realize that she was referring to Mehi and her reuniting after their childhood separation. It was the one hope she could hold out. “You should go home now, darling. Find some rest.”
Mehi didn’t budge. An-khi waved her hands, almost shooing him home like a pet hound. “I’ve got to go.” She made off gradually, eager to hear him walk away too. But she heard nothing.
Once in her bedroom, An-khi ignored the window. She reviewed herself in her bronze hand-mirror. Her face reflected more worry than she’d ever noticed.
From her sister’s room she retrieved a jar from the vanity. Returning to her mirror, An-khi drew Snebtisi’s black-green kohl around her eyes. She judged her new self in the mirror. “Have I grown up now?”


Chapter 12
CRUSH LIKE MIDNIGHT
Mehi no longer visited the shoreline; An-khi no longer came running. Since his last meeting with her, he had twice approached the entry to Paser’s estate and both times guards chased him away. Afterward, for five sunsets, he wandered onto the ridge behind her estate. He kept watch until daylight chased him away.
One night, breaking his string of sentries and knowing he wouldn’t sleep, Mehi kept a promise with Djedi to help dig for roots in the cooler evening.
Beside him, the magician squatted, white robe tenting around him into a pyramidal shape on ground softened by the receded Inundation. “I don’t believe I’ve dug so close to the river this time of year.”
In the faltering light, Mehi cast his eyes to the river while images of An-khi crested in his mind. Like waves without the force to break over, each thought hovered and dammed up against the one before. The Nile’s march mocked him.
“Mehi, recall as a child when you could play forever … in sunlight that spread out beyond all borders? When you achieved timelessness? Are you listening?”
“Yes,” Mehi said, not taking his eyes from the river’s steady rhythm. “As a child.”
“Well, my way of discovering timelessness is magic, yours is your An-khi.”
“Uh ... that ended.”
Djedi righted himself to face his young friend. His right eyebrow perched above his odd-set eyes. “I’m sorry, Mehi. I love An-khi too.” He placed his hand on Mehi’s shoulder. “Inundations subside and return.”
Mehi jerked from the Nile toward the magician, knocking away Djedi’s hand. “What’s come back is the tomb-robbery.”
“Tomb-robbery? You mean your father’s tomb-robbery?”
“It feels like the Gods are saying ... it’s my crime.” Mehi replaced his gaze onto the Nile, speaking slowly. “Just before Pabes fell, our eyes locked—it seemed a long time—I saw he expected to learn about dying from me. What could I tell him? The only thing I see is from where I’m standing. Sebek burst his borders. He’s gone on. Nothing’s blocking him.”
Djedi blinked. He dug in his bag. With piercing gaze and grim smile, the magician handed several items to his friend. “These will help you to see where you’re going.” He added a last idea. “Sometimes, we love with patience.”
Mehi arrived home after midnight and, despite the cold, went to bed on the roof. He needed to be alone. As Djedi had instructed, he rolled up the strip of linen with the names Lailarnkouch, Arsenofrefren and Arkentekta drawn on it, poured oil over it, and set it aflame. “Ligoterench, the Thunderer, the Eon, who consumed the snake and exhausted the moon and lifted the orb of the sun, O Gods, give me the information I desire.”
Mehi lay down but his excitement frustrated any rest. He rose twice to repeat the incantation, fearing the spell wouldn’t work if too much time had elapsed between it and sleep. When he stopped trying, Mehi settled into sleep and dream.
A hawk circles in the sky and shimmers. Gold sparkles down from the hawk when the tips of its wings touch below its body. Circling and circling, the hawk cries. An object falls from its beak. On Mehi’s palm, a circle of suns spangle in one brilliance shining, shining, shining. Out of nowhere, his brother Sebek snatches it away.
Waking in the dark echo of Sebek’s laughter, Mehi was sure he knew what the dream meant.
Minutes later, Mehi strode along the shoreline in a darkness so silken it felt like the finest linen. There, he gathered the stones revealed to him in his dream. Gods had placed them there for him to find, sprouting from the sand. “They’re all alive.” Had they always been here glowing, dazzling, waiting? When he’d plucked enough, he tied the stones together with halfa grass. A horrible weight lifted from Mehi like night from dawn.
Upon climbing the ridge near the governor’s estate, he remembered he had no way to get to An-khi. She didn’t know that things had changed; she didn’t know his dream.
He put the necklace in a cloth he tore from his loincloth. Next, he found a boy—who Mehi frightened by running at him from the darkness—told him to take the cloth to the estate and ask for An-khi. Mehi re-climbed the ridge.
She’ll see the necklace is from me. She’ll come to me again.

Night was lifting like indigo veils when Mehi’s loved one emerged in white.
Yes, this is as perfect as the dream.
Over the dark sand, An-khi stormed at Mehi. “What is this?” She held out the stones as if they were foul fruit.
This isn’t the dream. “You’re angry. Why are you angry?”
“I’m wakened and told a scared little boy has this dirty cloth for me. So I know you’re up here spying on me again. What is this?”
“It’s a gift, An-khi. A necklace. I made it because—”
“Gift? You’re trying to buy me?”
“Buy you? Buy you? It will bind us. It’s a special gift.”
An-khi sneered. “It’s easy for you to give. That’s what you want to do.”
“No, An-khi, you’re not listening.” Mehi couldn’t think of what else to tell her: A hawk circles in gold; why couldn’t she see it?
“I know exactly what you’re saying. You want sacrificing to be enough. It avoids my father.” An-khi flung the cloth and stones back to Mehi. The string snapped. The freed stones thudded against him and dropped to the ground.
“An-khi!” Mehi stooped to them.
“I didn’t mean that.” An-khi rocked back on her heels. “But that’s where rocks belong, Mehi.”
As Mehi touched the stones, he glanced up at An-khi. The image of her pointing at the broken necklace slowed and slowed until it stagnated into unnatural calm—like the Inundation struck dead. Dead. In this stiff sleep, An-khi and Mehi stopped as finally as the stones had stopped, immovable as pyramids and petrified by magic no magic could dispel.
He stared at the stony An-khi as the other An-khi was saying, “Since you don’t do anything, accept the facts.”
Mehi didn’t speak. Why should he respond to that An-khi?
That An-khi sighed and withdrew from him.
Moments later, Mehi too walked from the place. He knew that he remained staring at An-khi pointing.

Torchlight took hold of a clearing encircled by seven acacias outside the town of Per-Medjed. Ptah High-priest Siptah and Vizier Shaf stood together, faces withdrawn within hoods,. They waited with fifty others for a play to begin. Even the acacia leaves rustling in a warm breeze seemed to be waiting.
To a sudden pounding of drums, a man wearing a loin cloth and a boar mask jumped from behind an acacia. He leapt crazily, knees wide, dancing before the audience, stopping briefly to squat as if defecating. But the mask meant he was a chief. Leaping up again, the boar chief pointed at another actor in the audience. This actor carried a flail and a crook—a king.
The boar chief waved an arm to show his storehouse of gold—a linen sheet of saffron yellow—and then pointed to the other side of the road at a young woman. She held two feathers indicating she was a princess. The king cowered before the chief and bowed to kiss the dirt as he circled toward the princess.
When the king reached the young woman, he railed at her in pantomime, shaking his arms, then shaking her. Meanwhile, in rhythm with the drumming, the boar chief thrust his pelvis in the princess’s direction. He mugged hideously to the audience.
The king pushed the princess toward the boar chief’s lair. Her hands to her face, she wept. The drums knocked out sounds of a storm as the poor woman, finally digging her feet to hold her place, ever so slowly skidded into the beast’s arms. The boar chief then dragged her behind the storehouse of gold.
Several in the audience gasped. The beast gored the woman to drive her behind the gold sheet and into his lair.
Alone in the clearing, the king slunk back to the storehouse of gold. He ripped down the linen and stole away with his prize tucked under his arm, casting furtive glances and hisses at the audience. The displaced sheet exposed the monster boar, his back to the citizens. He was thrusting back and forth at the princess, who faced the audience, eyes weeping. The musicians banged out a horrific noise. 
Then, perfectly mirroring the boar at the opposite side of the clearing, the king began thrusting his hips at the gold he held in his hands.
The music stopped on a blast of dissonance just as the king jerked around, now wearing with a boar mask himself. He bared fangs. Many in the audience shrieked and hid their faces. Then they applauded.
Vizier Shaf tilted toward two citizens talking behind him.
“Could a king be so mean?” asked the woman, a child at her knee.
“Why not?” said a white-haired man. “The play’s about Khufu and his younger princess.”
“No.”
“He can’t raise the Nile, so he’s using his daughter to get more gold out of the Wawat. Everybody knows that.”
The woman giggled. “He couldn’t be so evil.”
Stepping from the crowd, Shaf indicated the High-priest should draw away with him. “Well done.”
Siptah bowed slightly. “Most gracious.”
They walked from the crossroad and each other.

Mid-evening darkness embraced the lovers entwined upon the Per-O rooftop as if it were a secret cove. Khufu snuggled with Theormi fragrant of sweet rush. Her eyelids wiggled like fish were darting underneath. She danced even in her sleep.
Khufu looked out to the west’s red desert—his mother’s death, the Nile’s recession, the halting of pyramid construction for another year, the regicide attempts, worms and Ptah priests—yet, he drank sweet water. He soaked up this oasis with Theormi. He could melt his fiber into the Nile and overflow it and boost the barley fields, now half-high, into a second yield.
Theormi garbled, “Gay moundings, gray mouthings.”
Last night, the two had discussed the possibility of invading Wawat. Theormi argued—her eyes and voice lively as flames—that the Wawat people didn’t deserve harm merely because they lived near gold. Warmed by her protection of an unknown people that matched his protection of Egypt’s citizens, he realized his own qualm over invasion. He scorned ever more Hordedef’s weak debate.
“Gold in gray mountains.”
The word “gold” pricked Khufu’s ear. “Theormi?” 
“Gold mountain.” Her eyes fluttered.
“What are you seeing?”
“Medja.”
He jostled her. “Sister, wake yourself. You spoke about gold in a mountain.”
She blinked, her eyes unfocused. “Odd mountain ... not gray.” Her eyes closed like a lotus and she began to murmur back into sleep.
“Theormi.” He jostled her again. “Are you talking about the gray mountain range ... the gold mines there?”
Her eyes opened and sharpened. She sat up, rubbing her face.
“Are you talking about gold in the gray mountain range?”
“I heard a voice ... a voice I know, describing an odd mountain.”
“The gray mountain range in southern Egypt?”
Theormi paused. “It must be. But this mountain is dark—almost black—amid gray ones.”
“There’s no such mountain there. Not that I’ve seen. How can you dream it?”
“I don’t think it’s a dream. I mean, not originally. It’s also a memory. Someone told me about it ... sometime.”
“Sweet woman, this is the Gods’ message. I also dreamt of gold last night. The Horus hawk winged in a majestic circle over Egypt and me. His sunrays dropped gold into my hand. Sacred gold. I believe in your dream.”
“Did I say ‘Medja’?”
“You were trying to say my sacred name.”
As if exploring her dream, Theormi looked down. “No, I don’t think so.”
“There are the Medja people in Ta Sety. Perhaps your native land, before enemies enslaved you. Perhaps your father the Medja king told you about the mountain. Or perhaps it was one of the Gods.”
Theormi smiled.
“Never mind. I believe you. The Inundation is dying, but new gold is ours.” Khufu leapt to this feet. “You give me what I need, Theormi.”
“Then invasion won’t take place?”
“Not now.” He was running as he kissed her, and then pounded down the stairs yelling for the palace to awaken.
In the wake of Theormi’s dream—invasion of Wawat peaceably forgotten—the Per-O bustled into action to form a caravan to the black mountain. Only Queen Meritates, brooding on pillows in her suite, remained idle. 

Upon her suite’s silken lounge, Theormi laid on her lap a book regarding irrigation she’d been reading in the glow of an alabaster lamp. Five nights after Khufu’s caravan left Annu, she reaffirmed her decision not to tell Khufu about her strange encounter with Prince Merhet in the palace corridor. But something else troubled her. The word “Medja” resonated in her mind. Whose voice had told her about the mountain?
In any case, she prayed that her lover—animated for the first time since his mother’s passing—would find the black mountain, deep veins of gold inside it, and avert war.
Deciding to retire to bed, Theormi alerted to the sudden sound of stomping feet outside her suite. Queen Meritates and her captain flurried in. He pointed his spear at Theormi. She stood. Without a word, the captain swung her by her arm toward the door. The three swept out of the suite.
The captain jabbed Theormi through the corridor to Prince Merhet’s door and then, at Meritates’ signal, into the suite. He withdrew. Inside, Merhet tilted at the far wall, peering up through the high window at the night sky. When he swiveled to Theormi, his expression shifted from that of a blank goat to that of a frothing dog. Was he thinking she’d come to him as a prostitute. When the Queen entered the chamber, the prince’s appearance resumed its blankness.
Standing rigid behind her husband’s favorite, Meritates ordered her son, “Take this woman.”
Theormi whipped around toward the Queen. What did she say? Theormi was about to protest as the God-king’s favorite when she heard Merhet, his voice small and distant, ask “Take her?” She turned back to Merhet to see him shiver from head to toe. Sweat seeped onto his hairline.
Meritates said, “Dislodge her with you to the country estate while Khufu rummages for this ridiculous mountain.”
The prince gulped. His pupils dilated. His face twitched.
“You understand what I speak of, of course. Take her as a man. I recognize that you covet her.”
Merhet’s mouth opened into an oval. 
“Your father has pledged her to you.”
Theormi was about to blurt out the lie of this, but stopped herself for the cold contempt in Meritates’ eye.
“I’m married,” Merhet said finally, his eyes dragging the floor.
“Well, at any rate, she’d be your fourth level wife. She deserves less.”
Abruptly, Merhet bounded across the room until his plump body came upon Theormi. As if remembering she was in the room, he stopped in mid-stride before her, rotated and threw himself back to the window, rubbing his ears.
“My goodness, son,” remarked Meritates, her eyebrows upraised, “you pace like the God-king.”
The prince lurched again from the wall. And again, he came to and retreated from Theormi, licking his lips and sweating at his hairline.
“My Sheps estate will be my wedding gift. I sympathize with your abhorrence of the Per-O. Remove this woman there and establish the estate as your own.” Monitoring his zigzag which continued into its now fourth circuit, Meritates said, “You should possess what you desire.”
Ending one circuit, Merhet flattened himself against the wall and, angling back his head, clung his view to the darkness outdoors. “Must we talk of this tonight, Mother? The full moon rises. I was just leaving.”
Theormi pricked up an eyebrow. She knew that tonight the moon was black, a new moon. The prince had earlier confused the moon’s phases during his crazed story regarding Princess Merysankh. His disturbance, whatever it was, fixated on the moon.
The Queen, too, seemed troubled by the prince’s behavior. She was silent a moment. Her voice lowered. “Where do you go these nights, Merhet?” The tremor in her voice surprised Theormi.
“I go out, Mother. I visit ... friends, but only on the full moon. I must go.” He started another circuit.
“What about the woman?”
Standing in front of An-khi but not looking at her, Merhet shook his head. “I can’t. No, no.” He revolved back to the window.
“I tell you, you can. Moreover you should.”
The prince slapped his hands to his face. His fingers crawled into his ears.
“Merhet, are you in pain? Shall I call the doctors?”
He chuckled through gritted teeth.
“Well, Merhet? The woman?”
“No.” His voice squeaked. “Quit talking.”
Meritates bristled. “Do not speak to me in that manner.”
Squashing his hands hard over his ears as if for some agonizing squeal, Merhet hauled himself from the window and, finally, quick-stepped around Theormi toward the chamber door.
“Khufu knows how important she is to you,” the Queen called after him. “He gladly offers her. She’s yours.”
At this, two steps from his door, the prince dropped his hands from his ears. Separated from the two women, he mumbled as if to someone beside him, “After the sun rises, there’s no escape.”
The Queen arched an eyebrow. “Say again?”
“The sun scorches. I escape with the full moon.”
“Then you’ll take the woman tonight with the full moon? Is that what you are saying?”
Merhet’s head cocked to one side. A moment later he smoothed his tunic. Stiff-legged, he scuttled from the chamber.
Theormi saw that Meritates, by her scowl, shared her concern for Merhet. But when their eyes met, the Queen’s eyes recaptured their contempt. “Captain.” The guard reported to the chamber. “Remove this woman to the Sheps estate.” Meritates glided out of the chamber.
The captain cut off Theormi’s call of “Queen?” by snatching her from behind. He gagged her with cloth then began dragging her out of the palace. She kicked her heels at the tiles, trying to drive herself backward. The captain punched her on the temple. Even when she regained her balance, it left her groggy.
Had the Queen lost her mind?

Sebek scraped himself up the narrow crevice. His hips wedged fast. He had no idea how long he’d been in the pit below or how he ‘d come to be there. Thirst scratched him. His tongue had swollen. With one last heave, he wrenched himself up. He landed on level ground, but slumped over his left side. He wavered, about to fall. Before he steadied himself, several minutes passed in which he heard a far off lion’s roar. Certain it was the sound of his confusion and anger, he hit the butt of his hand against his forehead. Where was he? What was he doing here?
His eyes drifted across the horizon of dark desert waste, finding no answers. Around him, scrub brush jutted up through gray sand. A first-quarter moon was his only companion. He looked down and, rather than question his nudity, he saw his skin was golden. All around him was an ashen gray, yet he sparkled gold.
Was he hallucinating? Diseased? Or dead? Yes, he must be dead.
He scratched at his skin. It caked under his fingernail. He pinched it out and then balled the soft substance between his fingers. “Gold.” Sebek’s grand voice surprised him. “I’m gold. Look at me. I’m a gold man.” He twirled about, stumbling, almost falling. “I’m—”
Twenty feet behind him, a lion growled. Not turning, Sebek bolted. The lion’s paws thumped the ground where Sebek had just stood. Its roar vibrated his ribs. Crying and laughing, reflexes firing, he scrambled up a rock ledge. In the open, the lion or its pride would run him down. He crawled on his knees for several feet. The lion roared just below. Sebek looked up to a rock face dead end. The lion’s claws clacked on the rock. He felt its hot breath on his calves.
Sebek found no higher escape to climb to. He pawed over the wall. A loose rock. He grasped it, grubbed it, wrested it from the wall. He turned but the rock, too heavy, fell from his hands. The lion—lioness—poked her head above the ledge. She coiled to jump onto it. Scooping the rock with his forearms, Sebek hefted it and then, balancing it, rolled his hands behind it as he pushed it to his face. The lioness squeezed onto the ledge, three feet from Sebek, roaring. Her breath heated Sebek’s pelvis. His spine stiffened. His rock slipped forward, nearly out of his fingers. His palms caught up to it and sped it down at the lion’s head.
He held it there.
The rock had struck the lioness just above the eyes. She didn’t move. Her eyes glazed. Sebek lifted the rock. The animal growled if not quite a roar. Still, Sebek shivered to his toes. He cracked the rock down.
The lion groaned. It shuddered. Sebek’s blood roused. He picked up the rock, seemingly lighter now. He brought it down. Again and again. His gold hands bled. Down, down, down.
Finally, the rock fell from Sebek’s hands, grazing his leg as he collapsed exhausted next to the dead animal.
On his knees, panting, blood from his hands and the lion’s head trickling onto the rock ledge, Sebek hacked part cough and part laugh. He reeled to his feet over the beast. About to roar out his exploit as a desert god, he heard human voices.
He stumbled over the lion and down the rock toward the noise. Once up the hundred feet of a plateau, he gazed down on the campsite of caravan lit by campfires and torches.
Sebek wondered how he could use these people. It was a god’s right to take their water and anything else he wished. He inspected the animals, banners, palanquins. Instantly, a supreme hate, sharper than his memory of its cause, crackled through him. A god’s hate. He recognized the caravan belonged to God-king Khufu.

In sight of the gray mountain range, Khufu’s caravan, including Shaf and Hordedef, settled into camp following their twentieth day of an aching journey. Gazing out from his palanquin throne set before his green pavilion, Khufu expected to uncover Theormi’s mountain the next day. Riders sitting around campfires chattered about new gold. About them stood the dozen small tents and royal pavilions.
In silhouette on a ridge fifty yards away, a man jumped up and down screaming. “Khufu, God-king Khufu, come for more gold? I am what you seek. I am pure gold. Slaughter me for your gold-hunger. I’m your best citizen. Love me.”
“What is that man?” said Khufu to his guards and princes about him. “Retrieve him.”
Hordedef said, “Perhaps a fugitive from the gold mines. Slave or criminal.”
The cackling man, slippery as a catfish and naked as the desert, dodged the guards long enough to anger them. When they at last corralled him to the camp, the naked man hissed like an angry crocodile.
Shaf sniffed. “He’s barely more than a boy.”
Hordedef gestured to the young man’s hands. “See the blood on his fingers?”
Khufu noticed something else. “That’s gold on his chest. Bring him here.” Guards hefted the man toward the God-king on his palanquin throne. Khufu scratched his finger on the man’s chest and the man giggled. “Quiet.” Khufu rubbed the dust between his thumb and finger, rolling it into a ball. “Where was this gold that you might wallow in it?”
“I was born of it. I am gold. I am Egypt’s gold.”
“Get this scoundrel water. He’s addled.”
“Water. Yes, water.” The crazed man bolted for the water vase a guard was removing from a donkey. Other guards blocked him.
Khufu commanded, “Give me the water.” He drew the vase out of the man’s grasping reach. “There will be water and food too, but first explain where you came to be covered in gold.”
When Khufu repeated the question, the naked man stopped stretching for the vase. He laughed. “Fools say their lover stays with them whenever they part, but I part with my lover’s guts on me. Witness her.” Opening his arms to display his torso, he giggled again.
Vizier Shaf spat. “A lunatic.”
Hordedef said, “He may have slept in a gold deposit.”
Khufu nodded. “Answer me, slave, where did you sleep with the Lady Gold? I wish to entertain her. Show her to me.”
“For my God-king? For my own just King who rewards his citizens with a mountain of gold? Yes, my God-king. I’ll lead you.”
Khufu waved to the guards and they allowed the man to drink. He guzzled it all but for what he spilled down his chest, washing away a streak of gold.
He led them out, but lost his way and his focus in the darkness. The caravan wandered after him until Hordedef suggested, “Khufu, perhaps a promise of reward when he locates the mine ...”
“Citizen, what is your name?”
“Name?” He paused, seeming to search around him for the answer. “Sebek. Sebek.”
“The Crocodile God? Very well. So, Sebek, God-king Khufu, the good god, grants you a wish. What do you desire above all else?”
His eyes blank, the man said, “Travel.”
“Is that all?”
“And lead traders to strange lands.” Sebek’s face flushed and his eyes sparkled.
“A noble career. Granted. Find for your God-king your Lady Gold.”
“Thank you, Khufu, with love, with love. Gracious. Thank you. Your Highness—”
Khufu leaned toward Shaf. “If as a slave he hated me, as a trader he loves me.”
Sebek rediscovered the way, if not immediately. When found, the dark mountain, a hill in actuality, loomed as a black void amid the gray mountains spreading away in both directions. Khufu’s gold ministers swooped on it. One found the crevice into which Sebek had no doubt stumbled. Climbing down it, the minister shouted confirmation. This mountain brimmed with gold.
Amidst shouts and cheers, Khufu inspected an extracted gold nugget on his palm. It inspired the same joy that Theormi in her gold gown had caused him. He clutched the means that would ensure his pyramid and secure his people. Like Theormi’s subtle body, it revealed itself to him. “Theormi,” he whispered to himself, “this is our Mehi.”
After a survey of the area, Hordedef reported. “Majesty, on a ledge at the far side, a dead lioness lies still wet with blood. Its own blood. Recall the bloody hands of this Sebek?” The prince added, “He bears watching.”
Khufu did not remove his eyes from the gold. “I can’t listen to your gloom just now, son.”

Sometime between midnight and dawn, a shadowed figure slipped into Prince Heru’s Per-O suite. In bed, Heru slept. The intruder eased back the translucent netting from the canopy’s golden frame. Over the sleeping prince, the intruder whipped down a wooden mallet, cracking it against Heru’s head. The prince groaned. The intruder staggered back. 
Heru gasped and then fell quiet.
The intruder again approached the prince. With a copper dagger, he or she ripped strips from the canopy’s netting. Bending a knee onto the bed, the intruder placed the strips underneath the prince’s right hand, extended his forefinger, aimed the dagger, and thrust it down. It snapped the bone and severed the finger. The prince’s hand jerked from the intruder’s grasp. His scream was short.
The intruder wrapped some of the strips around the bleeding, plucked up the severed finger, wrapping it also, and placed it in his or her palm, closing a fist around it.
The figure brought up the robe’s hood and moved back out the door.


Chapter 13
BRIGHT PRINCE
“Have you found her?” Khufu’s question assaulted Hordedef on the prince’s first step into the God-king’s suite. “Stand, fool, and answer me.”
The prince stopped halfway into his kneel. He rose, blanching. “Sire, the woman—”
“Use her name.”
“Theormi has not been seen by anyone in the palace these two weeks.”
Khufu tossed up his hands and began stalking like a caged lion. “Did she just drift out of time?” He whirled around at his son. “Where are your wits? You were clever once. Now idiocy reigns in you. Is this another worm devouring me?” From a shelf on the wall, Khufu grabbed his latest journal and dashed it across the floor. 
“Father, I seek to please you. Yet I always fail.”
“We arrived home at midnight to find Theormi gone. It is now one hour past dawn. Yes, you do fail.” Khufu spanked the suite’s pond, jewelfish scattering and water splashing against the wall twenty feet away.
“Majesty, I can say this: I believe the Queen’s guardsmen are involved.”
Khufu spun again toward Hordedef. “The Queen. This smells of the Queen. Why did you hold this back?”
“Theormi’s maid, Buhra by name, last saw Theormi in her lady’s rooms when Buhra received a summons from the Queen’s captain. When she had completed the trivial task and returned, Theormi was no longer in her suite.”
“Bring me the captain.”
“Sire, he is at the country estate.”
“Then—”
“Yes, Sire, I’ve dispatched a runner to command the captain’s appearance. Also, Sire, I have found that Prince Merhet is also at the estate.”
“Well, good. He’ll protect her.”
“Sire, there is more. Guards that night report Merhet’s peculiar departure. Heru ordered the guards into his suite and indicated his bed where Merhet lay. He ordered them to,” Hordedef read from his journal, “‘escort Prince Merhet to his estate and maintain him there until the moon became full. The God-king must not see him this way. Don’t speak with him. He’s muddled, correct?’”
The King gaped. “Prince Heru ordered this?”
“The guards took notice of a bloody bandage on Merhet’s hand. Heru explained it away as, ‘That’s his unbalance.’ He meant, both of them supposed, that Merhet had committed some self-injury. Heru repeated his instruction that they should not return Merhet to the palace until the next full moon.”
“Full moon?”
“The guards conveyed him to the estate until the Queen’s captain arrived and directed the guards to return to the palace.”
“Where is Heru?”
God-king Khufu and Prince Hordedef tramped to Heru’s suite. Khufu pushed open the doors. In the dark, shades drawn, Heru slept.
“Still sleeping, prince?” Khufu said, loud enough to wake the prince with a brief squeak of alarm. Khufu charged toward his son’s bed and threw open the gauze curtains from the canopy. “A world dances without you.”
Pulling his nightgown’s hood around his face, Heru sat upright but looked away from his father.
“What have you heard about Theormi’s disappearance?”
“And the strange talk,” Hordedef added, “about Merhet gone to the estate?”
“Strange voices?” Heru’s fingers climbed inside his hood to his ears. “They’re speaking of Theormi.”
“What’s that?” Khufu’s face grew hot.
Hordedef said, “Wake up, brother. This is important. We suspect a plot in the palace regarding the lady Theormi. I must bring it into the open to clear myself with the King.”
“You come here because ... you suspect someone?”
“Yes, someone close to the King, you see. Perhaps only a servant, someone capable of physical violence, who—”
Heru tugged the hood tight around his face.
Khufu pointed at the window. “Hordedef, open the shades. Let Ra uncover the sand from this skink.” Hordedef moved to the window.
Heru cried out, “I was attacked.”
Not yet reaching the shades, Hordedef turned back to him. “What? Say again.”
“I was attacked two nights ago—in this chamber.”
“Heru,” said Hordedef coming nearer.
The younger brother pulled back, waving away Hordedef. “No, I’m fine.”
“Why didn’t you report this?”
“Ah ... I’d taint a member of the royal family.”
The King flinched. “What are you saying?” He stepped before Heru.
Three times Heru shunted away his head as Khufu followed to the left and right, meaning to read his son’s face. The prince placed a hand to his nose and mouth. “Whom do you suspect?”
Hordedef rubbed his jaw. “Well, Shaf has the most to gain—”
Heru’s head shot up. He glared into Hordedef’s eyes.
“Are you saying,” whispered Hordedef, “It was Shaf who attacked you?”
Khufu’s arm whipped out. “No.”
Heru said, “I intended not to speak of this. I am the honest twin.”
Hordedef cocked his head. “Shaf’s greed is real, yes, but attacking one of our brothers? This is beyond him.”
Heru shouted, “He’ll attack Khufu next.”
Khufu and Hordedef stared at Heru.
Heru’s voice hushed once more. “You can imagine Shaf as suspect, can’t you? Can’t you, Hordedef? His ambition attacked you. Attacked you. Think of it.”
“He has had secret mercenaries, but—”
“Good, Hordedef.”
Khufu groaned. He felt his heart being chopped on a kitchen block.
Hordedef said, “If the larger plot is against the God-king, then the Ptah priests must figure into this.” His eyes fired bright. “The mercenaries. The additional payroll. Could Shaf’s mercenaries be the priests’ agents? In exchange for Shaf’s agreement to re-open the temples when he is King? Is he that bold?”
Khufu’s face and upper body twisted away from the two princes. “No son of mine ... never.”
The second prince rubbed his temple. “What proof is there?”
Heru nodded. “Shaf will kill our father the first night of the next full moon. Ten nights away.”
Khufu’s face turned red. “How can you possibly know this?”
Hordedef spoke more to himself than his brother. “Why with the full moon?” 
Heru shook his head. “Help me, Hordedef.”
Khufu chopped a hand through the air. “Halt this grisly speculation about your own brother.”
“Sire, shouldn’t we proceed—to protect you? I must once and forever prove myself to you. My worth.”
Khufu squeezed shut his eyes. He felt the night’s Underworld creep into and redden his heart.
Hordedef said, “The Ptah priests intend to mock the sun religion with the moon in its full phase. They might claim, ‘Witness the puny Ra religion, its god on earth is struck down by Ptah’s moon.’ With it, Shaf casts suspicion back on the priests, veiling him.”
“Brilliant, Hordedef,” the twin prince said. “That’s Shaf’s plan, certainly.”
Hordedef pounded a fist on his palm. “That would be just Shaf’s shrewdness.”
Khufu charged Hordedef, shoving both hands at the chest. “Ma’at! Where’s your proof?” He then snarled at Heru. “You accuse a prince? Speak.”
Heru pulled the linens around his face as his hands went to his ears. His voice muffled , he said, “That night, I awoke to my own scream and Shaf pinning me in his assault. I spat blood. I couldn’t scour my mouth of it. It choked me. I opened my mouth to the sun. My tongue flowed with thick blood, thick, bright, black blood.”
Khufu felt his mouth drop open.
“Shaf cooed to me, ‘Quiet, Heru. Don’t talk. Hear the voices. The voices know the purdah that takes Theormi from us while Khufu breathes. Heru, I know what to do.”
Khufu knew this crazed rambling. From Heru’s twin Merhet. Instantly, Khufu’s blood boil settled from rage to sorrow. He ached as if sparrows were dying on perches of his bones.
“Hear the moon’s foul oaths,” Heru continued. “I could not block out its bloody voice. I spat faster and harder. The sky lit up in silver, and the moon went black. Its luster flooded my mouth, eyes and pores like a black-blood waterfall.”
“Brother, brother,” Hordedef said.
To Hordedef, the King gestured for them to leave. “Heru, say no more. Rest. Rest now.”
Heru muttered something Khufu was glad he couldn’t hear.
In the corridor, Khufu said, “Son, your brother suffers the disease of his twin.”
“You know of Merhet’s malady? We thought we’d hidden it from you.”
“You attempted the impossible.”
“I’m sorry, Father. I’ll see to Heru.”
“The King is to blame. His perfecting love withheld,” Khufu glanced at Hordedef, “withheld from his children. Send a contingent to the estate with this news. Return Theormi to me.”

Two hours past dawn in the eastern delta Sheps estate, Theormi feared the worst; the Queen’s guards were laying the bed in her chamber that served as her prison cell. Until this moment the guards had frustrated her every comfort during her imprisonment. She had just roused from a hard night on the floor.
When the guards had finished, the Queen’s captain barked at Theormi, “Get on the headrest.”
Theormi didn’t move.
Sharply but pausing between each word as if speaking to an imbecile, the captain said, “Get on the bed and put your head on the headrest.”
In the otherwise bare chamber, decorated with a desert hunt mural, Theormi edged around the low bed and, fully dressed, sunk under the bed linen. She placed the back of her head on the alabaster rest. All the while, her eyes measured the captain.
“Throw your clothes out.”
She told him, “When the King kicks your head into the lake, your body won’t be with it.”
“Do as I say.”
Squirming, Theormi untied her robes and underclothes. She dropped them to the floor.
Checking that he’d readied everything, the captain exited. Ten minutes later, he returned. He and five guards shuffled into the room carrying a hooded man—prostrate as if under a spell. His silken robes indicated a prince. With a fell chill, Theormi feared it was Merhet. The Queen would have set up this madness. They set him on the bed, and at once an odor from him, thick and foul like spoiled fruit, washed over her. The weight of it dragged her down like an undertow.
Pulling the linen over the prince, the captain smirked. “In the morning, you will be as good as married to good Prince Merhet.”
“I am Khufu’s favorite.”
“The Queen decreed you a harlot.” Her captain spread wider his greasy smile. “Moreover, the King has been sent your letter stating your concern for his suffering all of your wanton ways, so, you have accepted Prince Merhet’s fine offer of marriage.”
One mad folly after another. “These lies won’t stand. They can’t.”
“When the Queen speaks, her words establish truth.”
Theormi fought against the feeling of being buried alive. She devised a different argument. Nodding at Merhet, she said, “The prince is hurt or ill.”
“That’s just his finger.”
Theormi saw the bandaged hand.
“When her Majesty learned that Prince Merhet was making for the estate, she commanded me after him. His witlessness simplified my task.”
Theormi’s confusion buzzed in her. “But he can’t ... if he’s not awake, he can’t be a husband.”
“Ah, exactly the beauty of the Queen’s design. I will testify that you, naked as a maggot, slept with the prince throughout the night. At dawn, you will be married.”
To Theormi, the headrest seemed like a vise.
“Sleep sweetly, copulators.” He strode from the bedchamber.
She tried to stare through the ceiling for the sun that looked upon Khufu. The prince cast his nauseating net over her. It sucked her down. She slumped into a ghastly fog. 
That smell, what is that? 
Theormi’s recognition of an odor began to stir her mind. Was the prince dead? Was he moldering? She shook her head and then slapped her face. Sharpening her senses, she gained enough clarity to edge up and scan the prince. He was still breathing. This isn’t death. This odor ... I’ve smelled this before. Something near me. A memory. Fetid, sickening memory. 
Again, Theormi began to slump into stupor. But realizing it, like a dousing of cold water, alerted her: It’s ... yes—nightshade.
Nightshade had all but killed her. She endured that odor for weeks.
She felt her insides swirl in opposing directions. She was poisoned—again.
The guards. They must have drugged me.
No, Theormi wasn’t poisoned; she inhaled nightshade’s fetid garlic odor, its stench nauseating her. She leaned toward the prince. Merhet’s own wet breaths billowed out the odor. Her stomach turned. Nightshade, not an injury, had disabled the prince. He reeked of it.
Theormi recalled the Per-O doctors’ ministrations when she was under nightshade’s influence. She retrieved water and a towel. Removing Merhet’s hood, she wiped his face and dripped water into his mouth. She wondered whether his face wasn’t leaner than she remembered. With much more color? This face had welcomed rather than disdained the sun. Theormi reasoned it out. This was Heru, Prince Heru, Merhet’s twin.
Prince Heru would have had nothing to do with her capture.
“Guards! Guards!”

“Come along, Mehi, come along,” said Royal Magician Djedi, towing his friend by the elbow to the Per-O gate three hours into the morning.
“What’s this about?” Mehi stopped altogether. “They’re not going to let me in there.” Spread across a hill large enough only for the palace’s many levels and annexes, the Per-O could have contained four of Paser’s estates. Its rectangular, whitewashed mudbrick shapes shone so brilliantly that it might have been polished limestone or a complex of ice—blocked and frosted like in a mythical tale.
“It’s what I had in mind when I requested Khufu to make the proclamation.”
“It doesn’t make sense. Why not take me to one of Khufu’s new schools like the one in Hituptah?”
“You’ve been here before.”
“I barely remember that.”
White robe fluttering in a breeze, Djedi poked Mehi through the gateway. “Getting you to move is like giving birth to hooks.”
The guard said, “Old man Djedi, where’re you heading with that sprout?”
“I told you,” Mehi said.
The magician tugged his white beard as he turned, walked back and leaned at the guard as if aiming himself. Djedi held out the papyrus roll proclamation and said something Mehi couldn’t hear. His friend rejoined him as the guard called after him, “So I’m sorry, aren’t I?”
“What did you say to him?”
“I said, ’Call a magician an old man and risk your teeth dropping into your next bowl of porridge.’”
“That papyrus won’t get us in. Somebody will stop me.”
Djedi gritted his teeth. “Your poor mother.” He snagged the back of Mehi’s neck and ushered him through the courtyard of palms and flamingos, ponds and grapevines. Aromas of sugar and greens mingled in the air. Djedi’s hand as his hub, Mehi spun about, trying to take all it in.
The magician showed the document to the two palace entrance guards. Instantly, without so much as a change of expression, they opened the two twelve-foot tall doors. Djedi glanced at Mehi. “Some believe in the God-king’s written word, even if you don’t.”
Mehi stepped into an entryway where twenty-foot high columns receded fifty feet down a corridor. Colors of crimson, emerald and saffron depicting falcons, ibis, bulls, geese and lions in the delta covered the columns and ceiling. He gawked like the commoner he was. “I don’t belong here.”
Djedi squared himself to Mehi and clasped his friend’s shoulders. He aimed his double-angled eyes into Mehi’s eyes. “Know you belong here as much as a prince. That is what the proclamation proclaims.”
Mehi gulped.
“Tell me you believe it.”
Mehi nodded once.
Djedi straightened. “I suppose that will have to do.”
The pair coursed onto the corridor’s turquoise and gold tiles. Mehi swiveled in the expanse and decoration, bowing to officials and servants alike. Along an open courtyard that featured a pool of turquoise water, Djedi and Mehi stopped at one of the corridor’s several doorways. Inside, on the floor, sat ten boys of different ages, all younger than Mehi. They regarded his peasant clothes up and down in. He pretended not to notice.
“Wait here.” Djedi went to the schoolmaster at the head of the class. 
The master scanned Djedi’s papyrus and then the creature at the doorway. His thin, gray eyebrows stiffened—as did his face. Mehi shrank as small as a mouse.
Djedi returned and curled his arm around Mehi’s back. “You’ve missed the initial lessons, but you’ll catch up. Learn all you can. You said you wish to burst your borders like your brother has, with a career that doesn’t risk you on the pyramid. What bursts borders more than learning?”
Mehi thought, But I like the pyramid. Still, the withdrawing Nile had parted from him for another six months.
“From now on, no dawdling. Class starts at dawn.” Djedi winked at Mehi and shuffled off.
An attendant handed the commoner a writing reed, water pot, papyrus and palette with its red and black inkwells. In Mehi’s hands, these objects seemed as magical as those in Djedi’s bag. He found a place to sit on the floor.
Mehi was setting the tools on his thighs as he saw the other boys had when a slender man with pale face and glistening eyebrows entered the chamber. The schoolmaster moved aside. The elegant man glided to the front of the class with the grace of a royal felucca. When he faced the students, Mehi saw that sharpness in his eyes separated him from common men.
The schoolmaster announced, “Children, you are very fortunate indeed, for lecturing you today and in subsequent days is a master you naturally admire, the royal son of the great God-king, second to the vizier, Royal Prince Hordedef.”
Mehi gasped. He was within steps of a prince. Not only that, this was the very prince who wrote the Instruction of Wisdom his mother had him recite during his lessons.
“Some of you know him as ‘Uncle’ or another familial reference, but in this class you shall address him as ‘Your Honor.’”
“Sons,” began the great prince, “you pursue the noble career of scribe.” The prince’s lips moved with his words in the same grace as his stride. “Palace, pyramid and temple require the scribe. Educated in law, trade and diplomacy, you may aspire to the height of vizier himself.”
“Tu,” Mehi mouthed.
One arm behind his waist, Prince Hordedef crossed the front of the chamber in measured strides. “If a man records his thoughts with ink and papyrus, he achieves clarity. Clarity stimulates creativity. And creativity begets a better man. We will commence with a drop water to honor legendary Vizier Imhotep, the patron of scribes.”
Mehi copied the boys’ dabbing water onto their papyrus sheets.
“Here is your lesson.”
The boys dipped their pens in the ink and bent over their papyrus.
“I am royal not by others’ homage but by their affection.”
The initiates scribbled. Mehi covered his ignorance by dipping his reed in the ink but could only hold it above the paper. He peeked at the work of boys around him. Their pens whispered secrets he didn’t know. The schoolmaster repeated the prince’s phrase. Mehi felt stupid. He knew how to write few words but the names of his family, pyramid gang, and some Gods.
Blank as the sheet on his knees, Mehi yearned to return to the pyramid where he belonged.
When Hordedef departed, the schoolmaster dictated. Mehi felt as muddled as he had on the dark ridge outside An-khi’s estate. Though he copied the first or second hieroglyph of a boy beside him, it wasn’t enough to soothe him. He bore down his thumb and finger against his reed until his knuckles whitened and then weakened.
Following a meal of roasted crane, bread cakes and black beer—food so delicious, Mehi had to hide his smile from classmates, accustomed to such treasure, and to hide his smuggling of portions in his tunic for Khety, now working all day in the fields—the schoolmaster distributed a legal glossary to copy. Mehi saw on his sheet a confusion of marks. After a minute, he recognized one figure he’d seen at the Hituptah temple.
All he had to do was copy these drawings. He hungered for it. After several strong lines, Mehi pleased himself, that is, until he peeked at the delicate figures of the boy beside him. In contrast, Mehi’s were blobs. Am I good enough to learn this?
Unsure, he inked his reed and tried once more. The first curve. He settled back to consider it. That’s beautiful, he decided. There, a second one.
He lagged behind the others scratching away.
Mehi tried again. And again. Checking his reed caused him to forget the figure he was copying. He had to search for it on the page. Meanwhile, ink ran down the reed and sprinkled across the sheet.
The other boys, when they dipped their pens, hardly glanced at their inkwell. Not knowing how they managed this, Mehi tested An-khi’s lesson: “Repeat what succeeded before.” On his first attempt to imitate their actions, he missed the well completely. On the second, he dunked the reed to its bottom. But, gradually, he drew up the proper amount of ink with just the quickest glimpse of his tools. And he began to hone his hieroglyphs into shapes similar to those of the other boys.
That morning, Mehi had considered himself too common to learn, but by late afternoon, copying took on ease. Its importance to him surprised Mehi. He gave to it as he gave to the pyramid. It soothed his loneliness for An-khi, Sebek and the pyramid.
Toward twilight, fighting fatigue in his head and hand, he clicked his reed in the well and then scratched across his papyrus in a steady rhythm. He was learning to write. The words he wrote chanted in his ears. He heard nothing of the other boys or their pens. The reed like a magic wand set free his festering words of love as if he were tumbling in the Inundation. Faster. Faster. Faster.
Mehi did not stop when the master called the end of class.


Chapter 14
SHADOW PRINCE
One night away from a new moon, the present crescent was sliding into its hood. Mehi exited the Per-O replaying in his mind his most remarkable experience in school yet. Mid-afternoon, something had caused his bleary eyes to glance up from his sheets and, not three feet away, Prince Hordedef stood smiling down at him. So all of the nobles’ sons could hear, Hordedef announced to the commoner, “I understand we are brothers.”
Mehi’s mouth formed an oval but no words came out.
“Don’t you think it appropriate for us to introduce ourselves?”
“Uh,” was Mehi’s reply. “It’s just that Djedi ...”
“Yes, not only a son of the God-king but also a friend of the Royal Magician. It’s grand to know you, dear Mehi.” The prince offered his hand which Mehi took.
“Yes, um, your Honor.”
“Call me Hordedef.” With their handshake completed, the prince’s hands folded together at his waist. “Allow me to confess how proud I am of you. You may not be privileged as the other young men here, but you work as diligently as any. You merit the God-king’s and Djedi’s invaluable support.”
“My mother taught me, ‘You are royal by your effort.’”
With that, Hordedef’s face dimmed. With sadness, it seemed to Mehi. Princes don’t sadden, do they?
The prince answered, “Those royal by their effort are often more royal than those merely born to it.” In a twinkling, he had brushed away the dark clouds. “Welcome, brother Mehi.” Hordedef bowed.
Unsure what to say, Mehi managed, “Thank you.” The second prince had actually bowed to him.
Still amazed, standing in a cool breeze under the sheerest sliver of a moon, Mehi saw seven boys from his class near the Per-O’s six-foot wall, torchlight arrayed along its top lighting them in harsh shadows. They surrounded another student, Khenti, a smallish, nervous boy. His chin trembled. A second boy Mehi knew as a loud bully was trying to remove Khenti’s palette from his hands by twisting it back and forth. “Master’s going to flay you for losing your palette,” he taunted Khenti. “Beat you red like a pig.”
Khenti clamped onto the palette, bending down to protect it and himself. Two boys beside him slugged Khenti in the ribs. His eyes glistened as he bit into his bright red lips, trying to hold on.
The bully drew back. He cocked a fist, aimed it at the small boy’s face. Khenti cringed.
“Stop!”
The boys whipped around. The bully said, “What the hatestt do you want, peasant?”
What they were doing was simply wrong. Hadn’t schooling or their noble parents taught them that? Rich people must notice that barley, still a quarter from full height this late in the season, would not produce a second crop this year. To lessen the suffering, nobles and poorer folk must stay together.
The bully laughed. “I knew you were stupid, peasant, now I see you’re too dumb to talk.” He pointed at Mehi. “Come here.” Three boys grasped Mehi and slung him inside their circle next to Khenti. All seven boys closed in around the two.
Mehi had to stop his voice from wavering. “Nobles don’t act this way.”
“Nobles put peasants in their place. We’ll start with you.”
From behind, someone struck Mehi on the ear. Rather than feel pain at his ear, Mehi felt as if his heart was shriveling. In it, his respect for Egyptian nobles also shriveled.
Two nobles’ sons jumped Khenti, beating his back while pulling at his palette. Mehi stepped toward the crying boy. A boy punched Mehi in the stomach and another rapped his jaw. He didn’t punch back, needing his hands to hold onto his own palette, no matter how hard they beat him. But when one of the boys kicked Khenti who had gone to the ground covering up in a ball, Mehi hurled his palette over the boys’ heads. Three ducked. He shoved them—he shoved nobles. Two more swung at him. Then, Mehi backhanded one across the cheekbone. The cracking sound halted them all.
At that moment, Mehi realized that he was a foot taller than these younger boys. How had he not noticed that before? They weren’t noble anymore. Just nasty, ignorant boys scrounging courage for themselves in a crowd.
Mehi grabbed one boy by the robe and tossed him five feet away to the ground. “Get out,” he yelled, his voice as deep as a grown man’s. “Get.”
Every boy stepped back. As did the bully, before he spat at Mehi’s feet. “We got what we wanted. We put him in his place.” He laughed. The others laughed with him, if weakly. They swaggered off.
Mehi shook his head. Had he really wished to be like them? Vomit climbed up his throat.
As Khenti was picking himself from the ground, Mehi offered his hand. Khenti swatted it away. “I don’t need your help, peasant. Now they’re going to think I’m in with you.” The boy’s glare pierced Mehi. “I held out. A little longer and they would’ve let me in their gang.” Khenti fumed past Mehi in the direction the boys had taken.
Mehi vomited at his feet.

Before the ensuing dawn and the moon drooping over his shoulder, Mehi peered at dull stones on the ground in the sandy hills east of Mer. He hadn’t gone home last night and considered only briefly how that was like his father. Mehi tried not to think. But he had to decide whether or not to attend school in the morning. Tiny boys with tiny minds. He might owe the great Prince Hordedef his attendance, and school might wash him of his family’s sins, but the pyramid did that. An-khi had done that.
Mehi heard his name, or did he? He tipped up his head and saw An-khi—for a moment.
“Mehi?” Wabt called again some distance off, carrying a lamp. “That is Mehi, isn’t it?”
“Wabt? Wabt. Yes. I am ... just walking. Hello.” Mehi was sure he failed to hide the hope falling from his face. Perhaps she was too far away to notice.
“There’s not anyone up here much,” she said. “And it’s you.”
As Wabt approached, Mehi examined her for what he had mistaken for An-khi. “How are you, Wabt? It’s funny we should meet out here.”
“Tu, funny.” When close enough that her lamp glowed on both of them, she stopped. “I’m sorry about you and An-khi.”
“Why, uh, I was just up here ... walking.”
Wabt flew out a hand toward him. “I know that. I know.”
Mehi regarded Wabt’s eyes. They cast brightness over him. “Well ... thank you.”
“I hear you’re in scribe school—in the God-king’s own school.”
“Oh, that.” Mehi felt his face blush. “I’m a starter, behind the others. It’s a joke really.”
“It’s an honor. You deserve it.”
Mehi drew himself up. “I do like it there. It’s like the pyramid. Well, maybe not as much. I like it. First, everything with An-khi and then this being a scribe comes along. I sit beside nobles’ sons ... well. Prince Hordedef introduced himself to me. “
“A real prince? Really? Mehi—the friend of a prince. That’s amazing.”
“Tu.” Mehi rocked back on his heels. “How about you?” he thought to ask.
Wabt smiled on one side of her mouth. “I was a mistress in a household.”
“At Har-Her-nekht’s?”
Wabt nodded. “We’d known each other for a season or two and he said, ‘My house is large enough, you’d fit in easily.’ A jab at my size probably. He promised me I would be the one woman there, thinking he meant I’d be the First Wife.”
Mehi remembered this story differently. “What else could you think?”
“It seems that what he calls a ‘woman’ only handles the staff. So, I went there expecting to be a wife and wound up being a woman. Now that I’m out of the house, I guess I’m not even a woman.”
“You can still joke about yourself.”
“Before someone else does.”
“So, you left?”
“Har-Her-nekht said it was a thrift move. Something about my amount of eating.” She laughed. “I don’t believe he liked me.”
“I’m sure he enjoyed you.”
The brevity of Wabt’s reaction to the word “enjoyed” might have masked anything less potent. Her face fell as pale as the white as her eyes, their pupils rolling back until the eyes were all white. She had once described to Mehi the men who “enjoyed” her but wouldn’t marry her. Mehi suspected Wabt at Har-her-nekht’s house was more than a “woman” if not quite a wife.
But Wabt cheered as swiftly as Prince Hordedef had two days before. She again smiled. “Would you like to take a walk?”
“Tu.”
Together, the two poked along the desert.

For two months since the day after her sister Snebtisi’s funeral, Paser had forced his surviving daughter to accompany him during his long days of official duties as Governor of Aneb-Hetch, First Province of Lower Egypt. He offered her no tasks and few words beyond “Sit” when they arrived at the Governor’s offices in the Hituptah treasury building and “Time for home” before they left. An-khi expected that his purpose in this arrangement was to limit her associations with potential suitors. She had never fostered so much sympathy for her sister as she did now. Had Paser’s possessive control contributed to Sneb’s early death?
Not allowing the waste of her days, An-khi read anything she could lay her hands on: Nilometer and granary reports, census, tax records, grievance petitions, building and irrigation plans. On the education rolls, she found with excitement the name of Mehi from the village Mer. He had enrolled at the Annu royal school. 
The Per-O itself. She wondered whether becoming a scribe wouldn’t release Mehi’s power.
An-khi admitted to her regret regarding Mehi. She had exaggerated to Mehi the incidence of officials who were adopting the royal practice of father marrying daughter. In fact the only official she knew who had contemplated it was her father. In any case, Paser hadn’t mentioned their marriage since receiving a letter from Prince Hordedef nearly a month ago. In part it read, “While it is sublime for royalty to emulate the gods with the practice of familial marriage, it is less than sublime for governors to emulate royalty for any reason.” 
But Paser had found other ways to emulate the God-king. Earlier today, he met with an architect to discuss his tomb, insisting on a pyramidal shape. The carved inscription on the north face would read, “I gave bread to the hungry and clothing to the naked. It was I who buried every person who had no heir. I have given a wife to every wifeless one.”
All these lies galled An-khi, but it was the last one that enraged her. Two months in constant contact with Paser had ultimately demonstrated that her childhood view of his perfection had been childish. Yes, he had successfully risen as governor, but his heart had been at least partially blinded by the flattery that surrounded his position. As his opinion of himself grew, his observance of ma’at shrank. What was a man’s force if it could not overcome the baubles of acquisition?
Night had fallen like an axe on the treasury building when Paser met with the tax collector. On pillows at his low table, the governor spoke more to the tax collector’s assistant, the one with the whip. “Make your whip bite like a cobra until all of its poison is drained into the criminal’s back. But even more vital: Muffle not one ounce of the whip’s sound of ‘crack.’ The sound you make is for those watching. With their ears, they will remember to pay their taxes timely and in full. They will retain good fear.” 
An-khi’s buildup of bile spilled out. “Criminal, father? These are folks who simply can’t meet the tax rates because of our recent poor Inundations. The census tells us that. Isn’t it your job to inform the Per-O of this reality?”
Paser glared at his daughter. “Shut up.”
An-khi was shocked into silence, not by Paser’s command but by the realization that Paser had “shut up” his other daughter in her grave. In An-khi’s silence, she vowed she would not shut up.

An hour past sundown in the corridor of the Per-O’s royal bed suites, Theormi twisted in the grasp of the Queen’s captain. A month after her imprisonment began, if not yet free, she at last returned to the palace. Before them, Queen Meritates swept into Prince Hordedef’s study without announcing herself. He was sitting on his divan tabulating into a legal book by lamplight. The captain shoved Theormi toward the prince.
Standing, Hordedef nodded to Theormi. “Captain, report!”
Meritates flicked her hand. “The captain reports to the Queen. I have identified who immersed our dear Merhet into the mischief at the country estate—this whore to the King.”
“Theormi?”
“The whore possesses no name.”
The prince turned his face to hide—Theormi thought—his irritation. “Your Majesty,” Hordedef said, turning back, “as of yet I do not know what transpired at the estate. Your captain was to report to me upon the instant of his return.”
“He reports to the Queen.”
“But, you see, I understand nightshade played a part at the estate, and since nightshade nearly killed the king, I expected—“
“This odalisque seduced my Merhet, heated his blood and dashed him to ruin. Irrefutable evidence denotes that she connived to render the kingdom to her own feculent hands.”
Hordedef’s eyes swung to Theormi. She mouthed “No” to him. The captain shook her.
Meritates said, “Indeed, this past fortnight, precious Merhet apprised me that this seductress had distressed him utterly with her craven, foreign ways. He threatened to marry this cunning harlot and abandon the palace permanently.”
Hordedef asked, “How did Prince Merhet appropriate Theormi from the palace to be with him at the estate?”
Meritates shuffled her feet, her first movement not involving her hand. “It appears, son, that you detect little of that which is swirling around you. The whore’s guile deluded poor Merhet into delivering Prince Heru to the estate.”
Furrows bunched over Hordedef’s brows. He shook them away. “Queen, you see, the King and I conversed with Heru here at the palace. He reported that his commanding of Merhet was—” Hordedef stopped himself. “You said … Heru was at the estate?”
“You now appraise the measure of depravity this whore disgorged upon our poor Merhet.”
Hordedef’s face sagged. Theormi understood the implication; the Queen’s word wedged Khufu into a wretched position. Theormi tried to convey to him by flicking her brows that she could answer this accusation.
“If you may, your Majesty,” Hordedef said, “please be discreet for the present. We shall act accordingly.”
“I will be as discreet as Ammit should you not perform as you are obliged and stake this whore in the desert to be raped by scorpions and hawks. 
Moving toward Theormi, Hordedef said, “Appropriate punishment, certainly, your Majesty.”
“You may be certain I shall surveil your proceedings. This strange woman’s touch is evil.”
Hordedef called for Hartese. The bodyguard escorted the Queen and captain from the room.
When they had gone, Theormi said, “Prince, it was Prince Heru at the estate, but I had nothing to do with it. The Queen—“
He led Theormi to his divan where they sat. “I don’t believe the Queen’s point of view in this. However, I do not yet understand this confusion about Heru and Merhet. How can you be certain the prince at Wam-her was Heru?”
“First, there was the overwhelming odor of nightshade.”
“Ah.”
“That put me to mind of conspiracy. Frankly, dear prince,” Theormi paused and looked down, “I began to think of the Queen because she had been instrumental in my exile to Wam-her. But, then, the prince’s complexion. He was dark-toned even in a sickly state. You know how pale is Prince Merhet.” Hordedef nodded. “Too, this prince was more muscled.” 
Hordedef’s eyes flitted. “It follows that when Merhet addressed Father and me, he was masquerading as Heru. But why?”
“What did he say to you two?”
Hordedef’s eyebrows shot up. “Well, his manner was odd, every bit as odd as Merhet can be. He rambled out the strangest story. Khufu and I inferred he—thinking it was Heru—had had taken on Merhet’s disorder.”
“What story?”
“Referring to ‘blood’ and ‘attack,’ he stated that Shaf would attack the King. On the ‘full moon.’ He repeated ‘black-blood’ and ‘full moon’ again and again.”
Theormi’s heart clutched. “Prince!” She snatched Hordedef’s arm. “The full moon. Last month, Merhet told me a bizarre story about the full moon. I thought it was just one of his obscene rants. It seems, following the King’s Heb-Sed, he intruded upon Princess Merysankh’s bedchamber and witnessed her menses. He claimed this restored something he lacked. And seeing the full moon somehow empowered him, transformed him. Too ... too, I had some feeling he was aggrieved that I was a woman of the king.”
“Sufficient to attack Father?” Hordedef grimaced and shook his head as if in pain.
“Oh Hordedef, I’m sorry but you don’t know this; at the estate, Heru had lost a finger. Brutally hacked off.”
The prince closed then opened his eyes. “Merhet?” Theormi nodded. Hordjedef’s eyes lost focus as if gazing far off. “The estate doctors noted the use of nightshade to subdue the prince.” Again, Theormi nodded. “At the jubilee for the new Hap ... nightshade in the goblet meant for Khufu ...”
Theormi said. “Merhet.”
Hordjedef rubbed his forehead. “Then it was Merhet who ordered guards to restrain Heru at the estate until the full moon. And, Merhet told me about Vizier Shaf what I wanted to hear.”
“Is Merhet so mad—excuse me prince—that he’d reveal his own plan to assault Khufu?”
Hordedef said, “Or is this one more of Shaf’s conspiracies?”
“Or the Queen’s?”
“Merhet.” The prince shook his head. “If he was accusing himself ... that means he planned to attack Khufu on the full moon. But that passed on the seventh. Khufu didn’t return until the eleventh. So, if he still plans this madness, we have until the full moon next month.” 
“No!” Theormi twisted sharply to slap her hand on his wrist. “The new moon is tonight. Now! The new moon.”
“What?!”
“When he violated his sister’s chamber, the new moon suddenly became full. At least to him.”
“Yes, well, it was a new moon that night.”
“And the night the Queen took me to his suite, he said that he was about to walk out onto the full moon. But the moon was black that night. A new moon. That means—“ She jerked upright.
“He’ll attack the King tonight.” The prince shot up, hand to forehead. “Theormi, you and I must convince Khufu to leave the palace. Immediately.” They began exiting the chamber.
“We can’t tell him why,” she said. “It would devastate him to learn about Merhet.”
“As well, we are unsure of the Queen’s role in this. In any case, Khufu would not believe my speculation concerning another prince. We must let the plot play out. And rid the threat once and for all.”
“How can we persuade Khufu to leave the palace while letting the plot play out?”
“I have a way.”
“One more thing, prince. The God-king and I have not visited for four weeks. For that reason alone, he won’t easily depart his suite.”
“I know.”

Strange quiet gripped the palace. Theormi, Hordedef and bodyguard Hartese hustled up the corridor to the God-king’s suite, wall torches flickering. She considered the words she’d use to lure Khufu from the palace.
Hordedef asked the two posted guards, “Has the God-king had visitors this evening?”
The guards saluted. “No, good prince.”
Hordedef’s face relaxed a moment before become taut again. “Hartese,” the prince said, drawing the others away from the guards, “in a few moments we’ll send the King from his suite.”
“Send him?” Hartese laughed. “I’d like to see that.”
“Hear me.”
Hartese flinched.
Hordedef’s eyebrows twitched and his eyes darkened. “The God-king will exit his private passage onto the gardens. You will follow him. You will trail him anywhere and everywhere. You won’t at any second remove either of your eyes from him. If you do, I will remove both your eyes.”
Hartese gulped. “This is hot language for you, prince. Why not his guards? What’s stalking the God-king that I can’t be with you?”
Hordedef grasped Hartese’s shoulders. “Tonight I prove myself. So you will safeguard the King with all the love you have granted me. Do you understand?”
“Yes—the King is Hordedef. But what of the prince?”
Hordedef disregarded the question. Walking with Theormi past the guards into Khufu’s suite, she heard him mumble, “I will prove myself.” In the God-king’s chamber, bright with lamp and torch, Khufu read a book of law by the lotus pond. She and the prince kissed the floor.
“Theormi.” Khufu gathered her up in his arms. His embrace bent her backwards.
The prince said, “Majesty, I’ve just come in from the night.”
Khufu’s eyes traced over Theormi. “Out of the shadows, son?” 
Hordedef’s voice took on a lilt. “The moon like a beloved’s face cleaves a brilliant black evening, your Majesty.”
Khufu cast eyes toward his son.
“This is the month when nights last longest. Stars shoot from taut bows and crisscross the night like garlands of blue lotus.”
Khufu squinted at the night outside his high window. “My kind of night.” 
Theormi said, “I would love a walk with the King in his night.”
Khufu chuckled. “More than a romp with the King in his bed?”
“Couldn’t we accommodate both desires, the greater excitement serving as the climax?”
Khufu nuzzled his nose to Theormi’s cheek and breathed in its fragrance. “Or neither if I attend tonight’s state dinner. Another evening of homage.”
Hordedef said, “The stars’ many hues tell tales, Majesty. Like lovers arm in arm, they whisper, ‘Luscious Egypt, perfect Egypt.”
Khufu cocked his head toward the window as if to listen. His eyes gleamed.
“The night requires but a God-king to bestow it with purpose.”
Khufu scanned Hordedef. “Your words portray the night but words draw darker shadows.” Khufu shook his head. “No, I’m obligated to the nation tonight.”
Hordedef and Theormi exchanged expressions of panic. He said, “Grant your second son the honor. Grace me with the privilege of standing for the great God-king Khufu.”
This time, Khufu inspected the prince as if a sour smell. “Not being named vizier stuck in your gut. Your appetite is so miserable that any morsel like substituting for me tonight satisfies it.” The God-king’s lips puckered and pricked up at its edges. “You’ll remain a prince. No pyramid will serve you. You’ll die as mere Hordedef.”
Theormi squirmed in her lover’s arms. He saw, she was sure, her pained face.
“Yes,” Khufu said, now seeing deep into her eyes, “tonight, live your fantasy, Hordedef, as a great king while Khufu walks amongst his people.” Encircling an arm behind Theormi, he headed with her to his garden door.
Hordedef called after his father. “You can’t tour outdoors in stealth wearing king’s clothing. Please exchange your cloak for mine.”
“The God-king in an underling’s cloak?” Khufu repaired to his bath and, a minute later, emerged in peasant clothes. “A prince like my Mehi wears these.”
As she and Khufu exited, Theormi peeked back at the prince moving toward the King’s wardrobe. Her stomach gripped.
Escaping palace staff promenading in the garden, Theormi and Khufu strolled down to and past the lake, onto the broad Annu boulevards and into the village alleys. Their fingers, arms and kisses mingled amongst the huts of families at supper. All the while the moon floated plump and golden.
Only then did Khufu ask Theormi about her leaving the palace for the estate.
“I unforgivably miscalculated your homecoming and overstayed my visit. But, this moment, I’m with Khufu.” To distract him, Theormi swung up her hand at the sky. “Has the moon ever—?”
“That doesn’t answer it,” said Khufu, sounding pained. “I know you better than that.”
Theormi clasped her hands in his. “Trust me to tell you … when the moon is less full. Why waste our walk with it?”
“Heru reported that Merhet was there with you.”
Theormi shuddered.
“What? Why do you quake at that?”
“Please, Khufu, it’s nothing.”
He studied her. “No, you are fearful. Cold fear.” Khufu nestled his arms around his lover. “You—and Hordedef—hide something, some shadow from me.”
“King, let’s leave this for after … later.”
“After. You repeated “after.” After what? The full moon? Heru repeatedly cited the full moon.”
Theormi’s energy drained as if into a hole at her feet.
“You’re hiding something ... to protect me?” Khufu shook her. “What?”
Tears welled in Theormi.
“The moon.” The God-king threw back his head to the moon, its light etching his taut brow and chin. His pupils waxed full. “My son.” Before he finished the second word, Khufu was running.

Prince Hordedef moved to Khufu’s wardrobe. From one of the three cedar cabinets, he retrieved a white cloak, draping it from his shoulders. He arranged its cowl around his ears. The second prince flexed his frame—shoulders back, chest out, legs apart, knees stiff—and propped his arms inside the cloak to seem more expansive. Like his father.
The prince strode into the center of Khufu’s chamber, past the bed and canopy, lotus flowers in vases, lotus pond, scepters, ritual books, and opened volumes of poetry. He snuffed out the torches in the wall sconces, allowing only the light of one small lamp. He stood in shadows, his back toward the tall silver door.
Hordedef closed his eyes. He took a deep breath and let it out. Shoulders, arms, hips and legs seemed to settle. A muscle, perhaps two, twitched. His hands opened, fingers loose. He waited.

The suite’s silver door opened. Twenty feet behind the prince, footsteps tapped on the faience tiles. They paused. They started again, padding across the floor toward the prince in the shadows.
They stopped. An arm’s reach away. A new shadow crept above Hordedef’s shoulder. He turned, looked up at the knife. In Merhet’s hand. 
The knife swung down.
“Merhet.”
Merhet’s dagger sliced into his brother’s ribs. Hordedef slumped, his hands grasping for balance, trailing down Merhet’s gown. Gown and wig disguised him as a harem woman.
“Fool.”
Merhet saw his victim’s face and croaked an animal’s scream. His brother’s head cracked against the turquoise tiles. Merhet drew away, his gown sweeping over Hordedef’s face. Merhet’s steps clacked from the room.
“Come back, you fool.”
The room was quiet.
“Merhet.” Hordedef’s arms flailed. His knuckles rapped the tiles. He couldn’t keep his eyes open. “Guards.” The prince could only whisper.

Theormi fell behind Khufu racing to the palace. Hartese sprinted past her. By the time she reached its entrance, she had lost sight of either man. The entrance guards were absent. She didn’t catch up to her lover until she reached his suite. On the floor, Khufu hugged Hordedef to his chest, the prince’s blood pooling on the turquoise tiles. Hartese panted nearby.
A guard ran out past her. “Doctors!”
“Son. Son. I know why you sent me away. Reunited in time only to watch you die?”
Hordedef’s eyes slit open.
“Stay with me.”
Theormi knelt beside Khufu. The prince seemed to focus on his father’s face. Hordedef managed a smile on one side before his eyes shut again.
“Stay with me.” Bringing Hordedef closer, Khufu placed his son’s back on his lap. But he then stiffened before sliding his arm from under the prince. He stared at the thumb glistening with blood. “See, son,” Khufu said, “my thumb entered you. How thick it is, son. As hot as Ka’ab’s.”
Hordedef’s eyes fluttered. 
The father embraced his prince. “You’ll accompany me forever.”
“I have always.” Hordedef slumped.
“These are your final words? No, Hordedef. No. Doctors, come running.” Khufu groped over the still limbs and then clamped his hand on the wound. The God-king’s cold laughter pealed against the chamber. “See, I have no sons. I killed them all. Dead. Dead to me. Sons. Come running.” Khufu’s eyes tinged red. “Lie beside your brother. Smell the blood. Eat your last meal.”
In attempt to sedate her lover, Theormi could only massage his shoulders.
Shaf, Dedephor and Khemtatef sped into the suite. A doctor followed, stooped to the prince and began to examine the wound by lifting the prince’s shoulder.
“Don’t move him,” Khufu shouted, knocking the doctor to the floor. “Defiler. Tomb-robber. Don’t touch him.”
Shaf said, “King, the doctor must tend to him.”
“Tomb-robbers. Hordedef, your pyramid endures despite their treachery.”
“Officers! Now!” Shaf said to Dedephor and Khemtatef.
Each prince took one of Khufu’s arms. He fought them off. “Free your hold of me.” His eyes glared like those of an attacking tiger and sweat dripped down his puffing cheeks. “Dead sons, you touch the body of a desecrated father.” 
“Please, Khufu,” Theormi said.
The two princes once more tried to ease the God-king’s arms from beneath their brother.
“Don’t separate us,” Khufu raved. “I need to stay ... touch him.”
The tugging disturbed Hordedef’s body as the doctor attempted to treat the wound, blood smearing over the tiles.
Shaf ordered the princes, “Quit your gentleness. Seize him.”
Theormi helped them to get their hands around their father. The two brothers drew the God-king away as Hartese and Shaf carried the second prince to the bed. Khufu kicked at the tiles and shrieked across the chamber. “Dead sons taking me from my dead son. I mistook him as shadow. Hordedef? The fault is mine. Your injury is mine. How does an immortal grieve? How do I bear madness? You’re the one smart enough to know.”
The God-king’s screaming diminished into the hall.

To regain his repose, Khufu required an hour and the doctors’ positive reports on Prince Hordedef. He’d survive. Theormi had summoned Djedi and Pese’shet who saw to the recovery of father and son. Commanding that no one follow him, the God-king proceeded outdoors and circled the Per-O. On the palace’s barest ground, absent of vine, tree or flower, he found Prince Merhet wearing one of Theormi’s gowns and a wig.
Head tilted at the moon glowing on him from a black infinity, Merhet seemed not to notice his father. Muttering into his fists at his mouth, Merhet appeared like a rat at cheese. “I can kill a prince. I can kill a King. I can kill a prince. I can kill a King.”
Khufu’s shoulders drooped, his chin falling to his chest.
Vizier Shaf and two guards emerged from the darkness. Shaf stepped beside his father. God-king and vizier watched Merhet chant, “I can kill my brother. I can kill my father.”
The God-king squinted. “And you have other brothers to kill. Sisters too, should you like.”
“I can kill a prince. I can kill the King.”
Shaf said, “Merhet ... Hordedef is not dead. He will not die.”
Merhet cackled. “I need no death to confirm I can kill.” He resumed his chant, gazing up into the shaft of moonlight. He smiled his little smile.
Fists square on his hips and elbows splayed, Khufu’s dark eyes fastened on his dark prince. “I agree with you, Merhet. You’ve proven your ability.” 
Merhet lowered his eyes from the moon to peep at his father. The prince then cracked the knuckles of both his hands. “Am I dead?”
No one moved except Shaf. He shut his eyes.
“Moments ago, I woke as out of a fever,” Khufu said in a hiss. “I knew you were under the moon. What disturbs me most is not that you hate me, but that you are a coward.”
“I can kill a prince. I can kill a King.”
Khufu’s eyes narrowed. He marched to Merhet, pounding the ground. When within arm’s length, sudden as a mongoose, he clutched his son’s throat in both hands. “This is your pride? That you can kill?” Moonlight beamed on father and son. “Shaf, give me a spear.”
“Sire?”
Khufu shook his hand at Shaf. The vizier handed a guard’s spear to his father. Seizing Merhet’s eyes with his own, Khufu jerked the spear toward him. “Take this.”
Merhet didn’t move. He whimpered.
“Here.”
The prince remained rigid.
Khufu snatched Merhet’s hands from his mouth and clapped the spear’s shaft onto them. “There, bear up your weapon.” The God-king stepped back. “Display for us your noble ability to kill.” He thrust out his chest and rapped it. “Right here.”
Shaf and the guards tensed, readying to leap forward. In Merhet’s slack hands, the spear dangled. His eyes enlarged.
Khufu flipped up his son’s arms so the spear aimed down at the God-king’s chest. “As a warrior.” The God-king presented his torso not a foot from the spear point. “Well, assassin, here’s your chance. Kill Khufu, Egypt’s God-king.”
Shaf edged closer to them.
Merhet’s hands quivered. The spear swayed.
“Is it too heavy for you? Go. Killing is yours. Isn’t murder your calling?”
The spear tumbled from Merhet’s hands to the ground. Shaf and the guards relaxed. Khufu sagged. Father and son stood together. Bending back, Merhet once again transfixed himself on the moon. “The voices. The beautiful songs. I can kill a prince.”
As weary as if he’d carried Merhet in his arms these twenty years, Khufu said, “Yes, you can kill a prince. See, you’ve killed yourself.”
Merhet bared his mouth wide to the moonlight. “Light burns me, and flesh and muscle peel away and I’m free, free. Like a snake and a snake and a snake and I’m lighter and lighter ’til I’m a white light floating free as an unlaced spider web.”
Khufu rotated a quarter-turn from his son and ran a palm over her forehead. Walking into the shadows he said to Shaf, “Care for your brother. He’ll chill soon.”
 

Chapter 15
CHILLY SUN
God Ra rose past the twelfth hour of night into dawn but had not yet warmed Khufu’s suite. Theormi padded through its silver door, onto the dark foyer’s floor and up to the gold curtains shielding off his suite. She slipped her hand along the silken fabric, parted it and peeked inside when she heard, “Stay.” The God-king’s small sound soughed from the darkness as if from a child, or a child’s ghost. No matter how small, this was the first time in nine days that she’d heard his voice at all. “Majesty?”
Khufu laughed lowly. “No majesty here. I am mortal today.”
“I’ll light a lamp.”
“No. Dark shelters me.”
Theormi could just then discern Khufu’s silhouette near a shuttered window, his back against the wall, his face angled toward the ceiling. “Merhet and Heru had the same laugh—a high giggle—a joyous sound.”
“Yes.”
“It crackled out of them. Sharp and clean. How long has it been since I heard that?”
When Theormi thought Khufu would accept her, she eased herself into his chamber and to his side. This was the first time since Merhet’s attack on Hordedef that Khufu had allowed her this close. On his cheeks, a trail of dried tears glinted. She waited for him. 

An hour later, Khufu sat with Theormi on a lion skin divan. Cold-blooded, gray sunlight eked through the shuttered windows. She held his hand on her lap. Man and woman shared the weight of the room.
Chamberlain Ramose begged entrance. “The Great Wife requires a forum with the God-king, your Majesty.”
Khufu gazed at Theormi. His last wish would be to deal with Meritates. Their blight of love had infected Merhet and had bled into this latest horror. But Khufu did wish to bring together all horrors when he was already at his nadir. “We can’t evade this. Admit her.”
Queen Meritates bristled into the suite. She waved her hand. Her captain lit two lamps. She waited for their light to take hold of her. “God-king Khufu, we are present here due to the threat to your health that still exists.”
His mind flitting over the many threats, Khufu almost laughed. “Which threat?”
“In her feeble attempt to be Queen of Egypt,” Meritates flicked an eyebrow at Theormi, “this odalisque.”
Theormi gasped.
Khufu hissed.
Theormi said, “You are a Queen whose word is truth. Your Majesty—if you consent—please explain why I should harm the God-king?”
Meritates fastened her eyes on Khufu. “Queen Meritates speaks not with a strange woman from foreign lands, a barbarian this land hates, who schemes to conquer our holy Egypt.”
Khufu dropped his leaden view to the floor. His heart wanted to withdraw into darkness.
Theormi tried again. “Please, your Majesty. How does attacking Khufu gain for me the status of queen?”
Meritates said to Khufu. “Answer my assertion that this strange woman whored the spirit from our son, seduced him to madness, and instigated the bloody deed upon Hordedef.”
“My answer is ‘I know she did not.’”
“Queen,” said Theormi, “pull out my hairs one by one if my soul answers that I contributed a single speck to it.”
“Hogs might well pluck her hair,” said the Queen. “I needn’t bother. I’ve recognized for some period of time our dear Merhet’s lunacy for this harem woman. She is a fiend. She is a demon. She exploited my poor exploited boy.”
Khufu said, “When we released our children outdoors to play but told them to keep from the river, Merhet always returned wet.”
“A trifle.”
“No.” Khufu hung his head, eyes again staring at but not seeing the floor. “Merhet crumbled without the girder of my love. Point the dagger at me.”
“You claim responsibility for everything beneath the sun, yet you misperceive the simplest element before your eyes. This whore is responsible.”
Khufu tilted his head to examine Meritates. “How would Theormi’s attacking me relieve us of your queenly status?”
“I am informed that for the assault upon Hordedef this odalisque furnished Merhet her clothes as disguise.”
“No.” Theormi grasped her hands before her.
Khufu waved a hand. “Your minions belch rumors. Merhet stole Theormi’s clothes as surely as others abducted her to the Kem-wer estate.”
With a flourish, Meritates laid her hand to her chest, tipped up her chin and spoke as if addressing a larger audience. “My scribes shall dispatch my truth to the citizens. When the citizens learn that a strange woman from a strange country attacked your exalted throne and horribly wounded the second prince, they will thunder down the Gods’ own retribution upon her neck.”
Khufu bolted to his feet toward the Queen. His hands clenched and re-clenched until they flexed white. His face blood red.
Meritates blinked.
Theormi shut her eyes. “Oh, Queen.”
Meritates said, “I possess the blood.”
Khufu glared at her so hard his eyes reddened. In his imagination, he saw the robust crimson of Ka’ab’s and Hordjedef’s spilled blood, but of Meritates he saw a sallow, tacky syrup. He shuddered. “Sister, again you desecrate the Gods. Suck the Nile dry. Death. You migrated from the Gods to consort with ... desert fiends.”
Theormi touched Khufu’s forearm. Slowly, the God-king’s fists unclasped. He sat, again with his lover. He kissed her cheek. Looking into Theormi’s eyes, Khufu said to Meritates, “You are capable of such an evil. A queen would not.”
“I am Queen.”
“A queen sits beside me.” Khufu squeezed Theormi’s hand. He paused to smile upon his lover. “How fortunate for you, Meritates, that a plot against me should end your competition with Queen Theormi.”
Theormi’s pupils enlarged and fixed on his.
Meritates’ voice grew louder. “The Queen demands that, before any punishment comes to her son, this whore be put to death.”
Theormi didn’t take her eyes from Khufu.
He stroked Theormi’s wrist. “You know I cannot—to someone I love.”
“You decree death upon Merhet—someone you love.”
“He won’t be executed. Like the barley now full but soon gone, he’ll be banished.”
“You must execute her. The Queen cannot allow her to live.”
“The King decides.” Yet, even sounding defiant, Khufu felt his blood chill. “Distance ...” He pictured himself on an empty shore watching Ka’ab, Merhet and Theormi in the Nile’s rapids spiraling away into a single point on the horizon.
Meritates said, “At this very moment, my scribes occupy the streets with stories to tell.”
“You have delivered your misery. Leave us now. We wish to be with royals.”
“The Queen intends as she promises.”
“Tiny queen, remove your tiny soul from our love chamber.”
With a final snarl for Theormi, Meritates glided from the suite.
Once alone, Khufu turned to Theormi and took up her hand. “The day we met I told you I protect a delicate female. It is my duty. Because the Queen will make good her threat, I must protect you by sending you away. Forever.”
Theormi’s mouth opened. Her eyes blackened as her eyebrows arched toward her hairline.
Over a span of several minutes, Theormi’s bearing fell like a sunset from red alarm, dark sorrow to calm.
Theormi and Khufu kissed, soft but lingering.
Then, he drew his face to one side and whispered into space. “In this last month of recession tempering us for approaching drought, I will walk about my rooms while you walk into the distance. The air in my rooms will assume your shape. While wind will push you farther and fainter.” Khufu lifted his hand, reaching out to test the air. “I will no longer delight in your flowering or your flesh. But you will live—somewhere.” He dropped the hand to his lap.
Theormi’s eyes waxed full on him. She then settled back on the divan.
Even as Theormi’s eyes fell on him, Khufu felt himself as distant from his lover as he was from the stars. “As in the first moment when land first rose from the first waters, we must create ourselves out of this oblivion. And, no matter our devastation, in time we will rise and live as King and Queen again.”
For minutes, Khufu and Theormi remained in silence. Eyes plumbed eyes. His skin color warming into a deep orange, he absorbed all he could of the woman Theormi. He memorized every detail of her: eyes that filled with stars when she pondered the stars; curious pout when indulging her curiosity; flesh fragrant of boiling figs in cream; nose wrinkled when flummoxed by Khufu’s deep sense of smell; her smile when she danced and her dance when she moved. He must balance his memory of loving her with the ancient injury of loneliness in which she’d leave him. Khufu shall once more pass into her subtle body with his own.
The God-king called for Ramose. “Bring us fruits, wine and red fish. Whatever is delicious in the palace.”
Khufu offered to Sba aabti, “We’ll honor our love. We’ll eat, drink, recite and laugh. We share these hours.”

Northeast of Egypt in the Kanana town of Ghazzat, perhaps two hours past dawn, new caravan driver Sebek woke with childhood dreams of strange lands filling his eyes. He stood from his mat, peering beyond the thirty riders asleep on the ground. He was surprised at the dingy surroundings of scrubby acacias, gray dirt and dun grasses. He had seen more when they camped last night.
Past midnight, sun-scorched with the thirtieth day north out of Annu, Sebek had been the one caravan rider who agreed with the dragoman to push on and cross the border from Egypt before making camp. Sebek had quit Egypt, family and everything behind him. As a traveler, he’d trade for turquoise, cedar, olives, cypress and lapis lazuli. What a realm to hold such things. Sebek had snickered at himself for feeling as giddy as Mehi when he talked about the pyramid.
So late in setting up camp, when the caravan finally cleared a small valley and plodded into Ghazzat, a wind had kicked up twigs and dirt. The riders pulled cloths over their faces.
Then, out of the hazy dark, the most wondrous sight had approached the Egyptians. A tall, satin-wrapped animal sauntered forward with great, slow strides, swaying its rider on its humped back while paying no heed to the men or their trifling donkeys. On its hump, its rider sat enthroned on crossed legs, white robes whipping in the wind while concealing all but his eyes. This bold, mysterious man was the first person Sebek had ever wished to be. The dragoman greeted him in a strange tongue. Sebek thrilled to the exchange but cursed the wind for muffling the fabulous sounds. 
This morning, Sebek wondered where the man could be.
Whatever Sebek had liked last night about this land must be farther out somewhere. He started up and hurried past the sleeping men. He found nothing pleasing at first, only common mud-huts, brush, dirt. He began to trot. His head swiveled. Where were the fantastic plants and houses he’d seen last night even in the dark?
He galloped.
Townspeople emerged from their homes, walking to the fields, wearing ordinary clothes, ordinary faces, ordinary smiles. Past every corner of every new road, Sebek found nothing like his dreams. He slowed his gallop to a trot, to a walk, to a stop. He didn’t know what to hope for now.
Sebek turned and stalked back to camp. He had only Egyptians to return to.
But there, he once more laid eyes on the regal rider, dismounted, speaking with the dragoman. Sebek ran to them. He’d see this strange man up close.
In the sunlight and costume removed, the rider was only eyes, mouth and legs—an ordinary man. The beast itself looked like a worn-out rug. Long nostrils sat atop the oblong snout and its eyes sank too far behind and below the nostrils like a hideously large goat. Its mouth stretched into an imbecile’s grin like his brother’s. And the stink. Last night’s wind must have blown away this beastly smell.
Sebek skulked away. The ordinary caravan trip would drag into other ordinary lands, loading and unloading ordinary goods.

Telling himself it was the season’s cooling that stole his sleep again last night, Mehi tromped the canal road from Mer to Djedi’s home at mid-morning. Under the sparse shade of the shoreline sycamores, seasonally spare of leaf, he began wondering how Wabt could be so hopeful to believe a stranger would offer her the position of First Wife. You can’t expect too much, like his hope that someone he loved would love him. He yearned for hot days working on the sheltering pyramid when he could give his sweat and strain again.
“Djedi, I have a plan,” Mehi said after greeting the magician chopping coriander at his home. The herb’s acrid scent distracted him from his news.
“A plan? I prefer hunches.” 
“I decided I don’t need a wife. I don’t.”
The magician regarded his friend.
Mehi said, “I’ll put up with my schooling, become a scribe, then I’ll help my mother.”
“Fine, Mehi, but isn’t there room for a woman in that plan?”
“I can give that up because of, of ...”
“Yes?” The magician halted his filling a vase with the seeds. “Your ability to give is a gift but each of us requires love.”
“Well, I don’t.”
“Congratulations, you’re the first.” Djedi set the vase of coriander seed on a shelf behind him. “Good for headaches.” Djedi faced his friend. “Mehi, women connect men to living things. Their monthly cycle measures the moon’s phases and changes of season. When pregnant, women pulse with two heartbeats. Similar to the relationship of soil and water, their bond with others is ingrained. We learn that from them, if we’re smart.”
“I don’t need that.”
“Mehi, you’re using ‘I’ and ‘don’t’ so many times this morning. So unlike you. I think there’s something going on behind your plan.”
“What does that mean?”
“Your loss of your An-khi requires times and patience. And forgiveness. But this plan of yours actually proposes your running away. Consider that you abuse An-khi by your effort to escape grieving for her.”
Mehi folded his arms. “You should be happy that I welcome the way the Gods will my life for me.”
“You know the Gods’ will, do you?” Djedi smoothed his white beard against the cool breeze ruffling it from windows above him. “You once said that An-khi circulated love inside you. Somehow you reject that today?”
Mehi stuck out his chin. “She left me. That’s the way it ended. I talked about this yesterday to Wabt.”
“Wabt?”
“The important thing is to accept what happened.”
Djedi’s face fell heavy. “Accept it, yes. But don’t cover it up with his ‘plan.’”
“That’s nonsense. Why would I cover it up?”
“So you might hold on to your fantasy of loving and being loved by An-khi.”
Mehi huffed hot breaths.
“Lie to me, lie to An-khi, but never lie to yourself. It’s an ancient thing you deny.” 
“That’s it,” Mehi said, nearly panting. “I’ve decided the best way for me. You had good advice when I was a child but not anymore.”
Djedi wagged his hand as if to swish away his friend’s words. “You spit venom, but not at me.” The old man’s odd-set eyes double-angled at Mehi. “You won’t hear me until later but ... grief festers in us like a wound. The woman you love left you. Forgive her and forgive yourself for losing her, then go on. Facing fears—that’s God. You’re looking for escape where there is none.”
“No.”
Mehi’s friend shook his head. “I’m afraid for you.”
Mehi was running when he passed through Djedi’s doorway. He knew he must do something before he too didn’t trust his plan.

The next dawn, Mehi sought out Wabt. She proved available—outside her parents’ home. Infants cried out and adults shouted from huts in the cramped alley. Lean-tos mingled with mudbrick huts. None had courtyards as in Mehi’s neighborhood. “I’ve been looking for you.” He again sought An-khi’s features on her.
“You were?”
Mehi spoke quickly. He moved them away from the squalling infants. “See, it’s funny we should meet each other right now. We’re both free.”
“That’s a nice way to put it.”
“It’s been natural between us. It always has. An-khi came from ... another place. My relationship with her wasn’t natural.”
“Maybe.”
“I want to start my home. You and I’ve been together longer than An-khi and me. I think it’s right you and I get a house. You and I should be together.”
“What ... What are you saying? Do you mean it?”
“It’s natural.”
“Isn’t this, uh, quick?”
“I’m just now understanding all this. We’ve got nobody and then we meet. We’ve been friends so long. It’s right.”
Wabt looked around her, then at Mehi. “You and me? Can I believe it?” She began to pace. “Should we speak to our parents?”
“We’re not children anymore. There’s no one to ask. We don’t need any contract like rich people do.”
“Shouldn’t we wait? See how we go?”
“No,” Mehi said. “I don’t want to wait.”
He took Wabt to show her the mud and reed shelter he’d built. He didn’t say that he’d built it for An-khi.
Mehi may have convinced Wabt that he and she were natural for each other. Convincing himself proved more difficult. His mother more difficult still. He ended Khety’s questions by telling her he’d now live in his own house with his own wife. At this, his mother, already exhausted from another long day in the fields, seemed to crumple.
Wabt had hoped for a new home party but Mehi said, “Later.”
She brought into the windowless hut what she could to make it a home—cushions, bowls, wildflowers and a small alabaster jar containing a perfume of sweet rush and oil of cinnamon. Her parents had traded their last reserves to present the perfume to Wabt on her first marriage as a First Wife.
On their first afternoon as husband and wife, Wabt flurried about arranging the evening meal of fried onions and bread. Fry smoke hung in the air. She burned the butt of her hand. Mehi crouched in a corner, sweat on his forehead, watching her, waiting for her and wanting even more darkness.
The newlyweds swallowed their meal.
When they finished, Wabt cleansed herself with a fresh cloth. She applied her one perfume behind her ears, on her neck, and as low on her torso as she dared. Mehi stood by, rapping his hip, waiting. They moved to the bedmat.
Mehi smothered out the lamp. In the dark, at opposing walls, they undressed. They guarded their bodies with their arms and edged toward the other. He put a hand on her shoulder, but that didn’t seem right so he reached to her forearm before she bumped away the hand as she was moving her arm toward his waist. Their four hands hovered between them in the air. They lay down.
The last time Mehi did this, he’d been in love; this was probably Wabt’s first time while being in love. The room was cool but, with every movement, he and she sweated. Drops stung his eyes. Her hands and feet were chilly. Her heartbeat raced. Her embarrassment embarrassed Mehi as if he were intruding on someone else making love.
Mehi guessed that he should soothe his wife, but in touching her he realized he had expected to feel An-khi’s skin. Wabt’s flesh felt alien. He couldn’t help but jerk away his hand. At each succeeding effort to touch Wabt, his stomach seemed to scurry with rats. His hands might have been digging a tomb-robber’s tunnel. He wanted to cry, then laugh. He thanked the shadows for hiding his confusion.
To save his wife’s uneasiness, the husband supposed he should hurry. Mehi prodded himself into the act. As he held her, sat up into her, Mehi felt something less for Wabt. After he withdrew, he felt nothing at all.
Their first day together ended.
The next noon after a busy morning for Wabt setting up the house, Mehi drowsed face down on their marriage mat. He sensed the weight of his wife lowering her body alongside his. He did not disturb his rest for her.
She groped her hand along Mehi’s back. It made his heart sink for her. Wabt lowered her mouth to his ear. If he reacted he would have to make love to her. He fell deeper into slumber, dreaming the warmth on his face was An-khi promising him every sweet thing he wished to hear.
Wabt whispered:
Since I have lain with you,
You lighten my heart
Beloved, my hand is in your hand
Let the happiness of this hour go on forever
Though half-asleep, Mehi accepted that he couldn’t let Wabt suffer like this. He had to do something.

Days later, absent from his wife and school, Mehi helped Kenna carry a ten-by-six foot clap-net to the Nile. Its banks of papyrus sedge housed pintail ducks and gray geese under overcast skies. They slogged through the silt, now waist-high—half of what a healthy Inundation leaves this close to the river.
Mehi said, “I admire how you’ll do anything.”
Kenna shrugged. “Earn a bit of food here and there.” He wore fiber matting around his middle.
“Don’t these nets take three men to use them right?”
“Maybe, but I like doing it myself.”
“It’s too much even for a brute like you.”
Kenna smiled. “It’s a thrill to work my body. Besides, you’re here. That’s almost help.”
When at the bank, Kenna set the net in the Nile. This burdened Mehi with the time to think. He had married a wife he could barely stomach and with whom he found nothing wrong. Rather than spite Wabt, he more often pitied her. While Kenna exercised what he called the thrill in his body, Mehi endured his own sick, empty carcass. His penis withered like a limb on a dead tree, sap crusted and brittle. Mehi still hoped for pleasure. “This is filthy work.”
“You say that just because most everyone says that.”
“Erecting the pyramid is noble.”
“Tu, tu, tu. Anyway, why aren’t you home with the little wife? You never wanted to go birding with me when you were with that rich woman.”
Flesh so close that words and pulses blend.
Kenna tied bits of whitefish to the net webbing. He lowered the wooden ends below the low reeds and returned with the draw-rope to the shore. Dripping and muddy, Kenna punched his friend’s shoulder. “Understand, I’m not complaining that you’re here.”
Mehi visited Kenna out of memory of friendship. Everything that once contented Mehi irritated him now, like sand between his teeth. “Is no woman going to trap you into marriage?”
“They trap me all the time,” said Kenna with a laugh, his teeth flashing. “They’re just so grateful afterward, they let me go.” Indicating Mehi should copy him, he squirmed down in the bank mud to his neck, pulling plants across his face.
“It’s this muck that’s terrible,” Mehi said sinking into the mud sucking around him in the tepid morning.
“It’s like getting inside a woman all the way. I feel all of me.”
Mehi felt so remote from men and women, he might as well be the only member of a third gender. “You can’t see the birds land. How do you know when to release the trap?”
“You get a feel for it. Now be quiet.”
Mehi’s body stuck fast in the mud but his mind whirled like the river along the shore: laws for first daughters, “do something,” and a poem:
The wild goose alights upon the net
And is held fast by my love
Alone my heart meets your heart
And we wander all the places fair


Chapter 16
FEVERISH MOON
During the last days of recession in an evening neither cool nor warm, dark nor bright, Mehi wandered under riverbank sycamores. The Nile shrank from him like his memory of An-khi. He was forgetting her and the Inundation as if they had never existed and never would. Though he clutched at memory of her like bark on a dying tree, he could not stop it from crumbling through his exhausted will. Her raspy voice and singular thoughts receded like the river across the widening shore. He no longer recalled the oil on her fingers, the wetness of her kisses, the sweat of their sex … all that dried. Still, Mehi held on. But soon, very soon, An-khi’s last glimmer, the whites of her eyes deep in their dark wells would irretrievably wither like worms cast into the noon sun, blanking the memory of her he must then make-believe with nerve, hope and lie.
He and Wabt had worked out things reasonably well. He came home regularly as a husband ought to. Once, he remembered to bring wildflowers to his wife. She sometimes sang—or hummed?—if often the same melody. Tonight, after walking with the sun since it escaped from the ground until it reburied itself in the ground, he’d go home. All in all, a good situation.
If Mehi had gone to school today, he’d have been whipped for tardiness. For weeks he had been late, if he showed up at all. School could be put off until tomorrow. The other boys had made it clear he didn’t belong. Anyway, royal school wasn’t the place for a tomb-robber’s son.
The third-quarter moon hanging over him, Mehi veered from the riverbank for a row of sycamores so bare of leaves their limbs appeared to spiral up like smoke. In a small clearing before a village, a crowd gathered around some disturbance. Maybe something there would distract him.
Mehi heard the crack of a fist on a jaw. Then a cry. The crowd murmured. Some squealed. He thrust himself into the crowd, to the front, desperate to see. Yes, two men fought. The men and their argument meant nothing to him, yet their blur of fists, yelps, and the crowd’s gasps or snickers seized Mehi. His own hand clenched as if he wielded the fist that cracked his opponent’s face, his arm tingling with the resulting vibration. At the same moment, he sensed the crunch across his own jaw.
When the fight was over—too quickly for Mehi—the villagers walked off, arguing over who had won. With nowhere to go, Mehi lumbered among the village’s ill-shaped, ill-set thatch huts and lean-tos. Broken stone hammers, tattered cloth and stench clogged the alleys. Many villagers glared at him. Poverty prevented them from giving him anything more than their anger, which they gave freely.
On the stoop of one particularly ragged hut set away from the others, a red-haired woman squatted, dirt hemming her skirt. Pieces of green melon sat on the ground between her splayed legs. The sun had dried them out much earlier today. “Hey, son,” she sang at Mehi. “Come enjoy my fruit.” She pulled back her skirt against her to show the shape of her pudendum. “You can’t get this just anywhere, you know.”
Her red hair told Mehi that she was alien to Egypt—a strange woman. She shifted position to allow Mehi a broad view of her hair. “You like a bit of something different?”
He couldn’t help but stare. She was unlike either Wabt or An-khi. Did he want to stay? No, no he couldn’t. He hurried off.
“Don’t run, little pet,” she giggled. “We just about had a relationship.”
In his retreat, Mehi felt the woman’s eyes prickling his spine. At least he felt something.
“Next time you visit, ask for Aatet.”

Shuffling into his windowless hut the next day near midnight, Mehi avoided Wabt’s room. He simply wanted to lay down a few hours unbothered. Not adapted to the dark, he took in nothing of the house before his back squashed on the floor and his eyes closed. Exhausted but not sleepy, Mehi didn’t expect rest soon.
How am I going to make this marriage work? It would kill Wabt to know the truth. She doesn’t understand me like An-khi did.
He heard Wabt pad into the room. He winced. He waited for her to say her usual: Can I get you something to eat? Instead, she lay next to him, clinging to him. Mehi bore her. Her warmth pricked his dull body. He told himself to keep rigid until she slept, then he’d creep from her skin.
Wabt’s cool hands trickled over his chests and wiped across his stomach. Her fingernails fumbled along his ribs and waist. Her legs scratched his.
Grieving for his wife’s loss of him, he prayed for his dead body to awaken. Wabt said something. He made out his name. Mehi tried to reply, maybe with her name, but his voice only squeaked. She ducked her face away from her husband while her hand, as if against her will, wormed lower on him. He patted behind her shoulder a little. She buried her head under his arm. Despite her history with men, she was trying. He touched Wabt’s back to soften her embarrassment ... to pretend she wasn’t alone. A husband should make that effort. 
Mehi wondered how this used to feel with An-khi. When in her arms, he had even imagined her thoughts. In this darkness, he might imagine Wabt a different person, one he loved. He blundered forward.
Eventually, unavoidably, Mehi’s body raked against Wabt’s. They raced to get it over with. His face gnarled. She winced. Their wheezing lessened. They stopped.
Mehi and Wabt positioned themselves against the other, hoping to sleep. In stages, without a word, they let loose of one another. She picked herself up and retreated to her room. Trying not to puzzle on his spirit fleeing into the dark, Mehi’s sight fell on the crescent moon falling below the high window.

At twilight in the Ta Manu desert, west of Egypt’s delta, blown sand clawed at the linen tent like jackals. Inside, High-priest Siptah settled on a low stool beside assistant priest Hotep and the glow of a low lamp. Though the two were alone, Hotep whispered, “Could you tell us now, why you met with the nomad chief?”
Siptah rocked back, his ample throat wiggling. His grin spread as his little eyes closed. “We brought the Tehnu chief the message that Egypt’s aging god on earth weeps and sobs following the injury of one son by the hand of another. Our Khufu is mortal, indeed. And we stressed that Egypt’s drought is the God-king’s failure as an immortal.”
“Indeed, quite.”
“The Tehnu chief was further stimulated by my promise of the riches he will attain when he strikes into venerable Egypt protected only by this mortal, feeble King.”
Hotep’s eyes glinted. “Listen to that wind. Isn’t it exciting that the very dust blowing out there right now could end up in Khufu’s fatal wound?”
“Even should Khufu not fall, his frailty will be apparent to each and every of his soldiers. They will spread that truth across Egypt. That will be his larger wound. Khufu’s importance to the citizens will blister, flake and blow leisurely away.”
“Brilliant, Siptah.”
“Now with the Tehnu in line, I wonder how our southern friends are faring.”

Twilight. Theormi didn’t feel herself on the donkey. She felt nothing. Never again would she see the man she loved.
Behind her on the caravan of twenty men and twenty donkeys, mad Prince Merhet muttered on and on. The caravan escorted Theormi with Merhet and his wife Pebatma in the southwest desert, several days from Egypt’s southern border. Their destination was Buhen, in Ta Sety, where Egypt maintained a copper mining outpost.
A rider said, “During sunlight, it’s the five pits of fire. Now that the sun has dropped, my nose is ice.”
“Me too, but my butt sores are still burning.”
“The hours stack up like those tem mountains ahead, but they never get any closer. When will the dragoman make camp?”
“Quit the complaints,” said the caravan’s foreman Sebek.
“Heat and cold don’t get to you, foreman? Is that it?”
“Pain doesn’t matter.”
The rider snorted. “How’d you get so untouchable?” “Tu, which God are you?” said another. Several riders laughed.
“The God-king’s goldmines taught me.” That halted the laughter.
“You were in a goldmine?”
The first rider said, “Atcha! No one escapes the goldmines except by dying.”
Sebek didn’t bother to shrug. “Don’t believe me.”
“Were you a thief or a slave?”
“That doesn’t matter either.”
“How’d you get out?”
At the lead, the dragoman ordered the caravan to stop. Theormi didn’t care why. Stopping, riding on, or disintegrating were all the same to her.
“Foreman!” called the dragoman.
Foreman Sebek on his donkey passed her on his way up the caravan line. There, a moment later, he called for a rider who also passed Theormi. She barely heard their donkeys clomp a short distance ahead of the caravan.
“What is it?” the dragoman called.
Sebek’s voice came back. “His eyes are open but they only stare. Dirt covers him and the donkey. They must have been sitting here for days.”
“He’s a ghost,” the second rider yelled.
“Leave them,” the dragoman said.
Sebek said, “No, I don’t like it.”
At this, Theormi roused enough to look around the rider in front of her. In the lamplight twenty yards ahead, Sebek stood over a man sitting cross-legged on the sand, one arm extended with that hand holding the rope of a donkey standing behind him. Man and donkey hung their heads hung at the same angle.
Sebek said, “Koket, get that animal moving.”
Koket crept to the donkey. He placed his hand on the animal’s flank. Instantly it shuddered. Koket jumped back. The donkey’s left front leg lifted stiff from the sand and dropped back, then both its right legs tipped up. The animal swayed. Left, right. A bit farther each time. Finally, too far. A coarse moan wrenched from the animal as its right flank slammed to the dirt, its eyes never opening.
Dust clouded up around the fallen animal. In the next moment, eyes still shut, its legs jolted, jaw muscles bulged and foam spurted between its clenched teeth. The donkey pitched up its head and hoisted itself, groaning and whining, until it was again upright, retaking its previous standing position. The rope still was wrapped around the man’s fingers. He hadn’t budged.
Koket said, “Let’s run the hell out of here.”
But Sebek leapt at the donkey. Ripping the rope from the man, he used it to twist the donkey’s head and force the animal down again. It landed in a hollow thud. The donkey stuck onto the ground this time.
Sebek hurled the end of the rope at it and bent down to the man’s face to scream, “You just sit, waiting to die? Without the guts to kill yourself? I’ll help you.” Sebek kicked the man in the chest. Echoing the animal’s impact, the man thumped the ground backward in a heap, dust powdering up. His arm remained extended as if, even now, holding the donkey’s rope. Sebek said, “Toss their carcasses out of the way.”
“They’re not dead.”
“They’re worse than dead. They gave up.” Sebek spat on the man. “There. There’s all the water your life needs now.” He pointed at the donkey. “Drag that corpse. No instinct to rid itself of such a gutless master, it can die with him.”
Sebek and Koket lugged the animal from the caravan’s path. They tossed the man across its torso. His legs and arms settled around the donkey in a macabre embrace.
The two riders remounted, and the caravan started up. Their dust further layered man and animal. Theormi and the riders peered at the gray bodies. Sebek did not. He stared forward.

Theormi gazed at the campfire, flecks flying up but collapsing into smoke before they could warm the stars glistening like ice above. A guard stood watch behind her. Beside her, Prince Merhet snored in his sleep sitting up and cross-legged. His wife had taken a bed away from her husband. Theormi then saw Foreman Sebek standing just at the limit of the fire’s light and warmth. He was eyeing the mad prince’s garnet ring on his left hand as if appraising it. He stepped up nearer the three.
“Listen to that one,” the guard said to the foreman, indicating Merhet. “He rattles on all night just like he does all day, every day, about the sun’s crawling like a woman’s flow. Imagine a prince blaspheming God Ra. Must be why they exiled him.”
Sebek glanced at Theormi. She met his eyes. Since the incident with the man and donkey, Theormi had alerted enough to catch Foreman Sebek’s eyes on her.
The guard sighed. “His noise saps me as much as this tem country. I don’t know which I want to escape most.”
“His mouth,” Sebek said. The guard snorted his agreement. “Put yourself down. I’ll take watch.” This time when Sebek caught Theormi’s eye, she hitched her brow.
“Tu? Thanks, foreman. I’ll just bury my bones on the ground.”
“Good, go.”
The guard made off.
Sebek sat by Theormi. She tugged a blanket around her shoulders and stretched her legs toward the fire. She saw his eyes following the orange firelight dancing along her thighs. The fire cooed like pigeons.
Theormi steadied her eyes on him. “That episode with the man and his donkey. What did you make of that?”
“He gave up. He took the beast with him.”
“It angered you that he gave up.”
“You think I was angry?”
“The men congratulated you, like men do, for tearing down some defenseless thing. But that’s not why you did it. You hated that man for surrendering.”
“Harem women are seers, then?”
“I don’t need to be.”
Sebek tilted back to gauge her. “You don’t seem like a harem woman.”
“Is that what you came here to say?”
Sebek chucked a dung cake at the fire. “Were you with Khufu—as a harem woman?”
“I loved him as a woman.”
“You know what I mean.”
“You heard my answer.”
Sebek scowled. “You think you’re different than harem women?”
“I’m unique in being the only one Khufu threw out of his country.”
Sebek smiled. But resenting her eyes’ sparkle in response, he shook it off and glared at the fire.
Prince Merhet’s eyes popped open. “Can’t sleep? Most likely a heavy heart.” He shut his eyes, little smile drawing a curl in his face.
Sebek stomped a log in the fire between him and the royal prisoner. Sparks fluttered. “What is it with you two? You’re both from the palace but it’s like you hate each other.”
Theormi shrugged. “As a prince, he assumed he owned me.”
“Like his father?”
“Is that disapproval?”
“The King must be another madman.”
“I’m not surprised by your nerve. But you’re wrong. You don’t know Khufu.”
“I know him by his rat-child, ” Sebek said, nodding at Merhet.
“Khufu might agree with you about that. He blames himself when his children prove to be something other than the heroes he imagined they would become. Especially this one. Exiling Merhet tortured Khufu.”
“He couldn’t believe this one could be a hero. Khufu deserves torture.”
“Are you referring to your time in the goldmines?”
“Who else did Khufu imagine about?”
“Do you mean me?”
Sebek didn’t react.
“He imagined me a queen.”
Sebek hissed.
Theormi smiled. She propped herself on her elbows behind her, scanning at the stars dispersed across the sky and wondering whether Khufu was looking at them. “A God-king must be perfect to muster the magic that raises the Nile each year. Life doesn’t encourage perfection. People disappoint. Khufu exiled me to protect me, but perhaps also—at least partly—to ward off the disappointment of someday discovering I wasn’t perfect.”
Sebek scanned her head to toe. “How could you be with them?”
“You believe I’m above that sort of thing? You shock me with a compliment.”
Sebek jerked away.
Theormi picked out Sba amenti. “To be precise, I was with Khufu, not his family.”
Merhet chose this moment to again strike open his eyes, wide as a lunatic’s. “You two are so sweet together. Will you rut now?”
Sebek barked, “Crawl back into your cave.”
“Be mindful, peasant. Remember me. I bring death. I can kill a prince.”
Theormi said to the prince, “You swung a knife. Easily accomplished by anyone. A madman, for example.”
“Beware of me. I am Prince of Shadow.” Merhet angled his face toward the sky and screeched like a jackal. Several men moaned in their sleep. The prince grimaced. “Voices, voices.” His eyes shut. He resumed his stoniness.
Foreman Sebek edged closer to Theormi. “I’d gag him if the dragoman’d let me.”
She thought that Sebek lingered near her to breathe her fragrance.
He pulled away. “He thinks he’s noble. Spit.”
“You don’t respect much, do you, foreman? Respect seldom given must be prized to receive; is that your philosophy? What do you think of me?”
“You’re a whore.”
Theormi didn’t flinch. She expected the foreman meant only to display his strength to her. She’d seen men do this so many times before.
Sebek added, “I never would have thought of you at all.”
“Oh?”
Sebek squared back to the fire as if focusing himself by it. An ember flamed into the air before crumbling away.

At the next sunfall, cold pouncing on the caravan like hawks, Sebek willed himself to consider something other than Theormi’s hips rocking before him. Throughout another long day, hour after hour, her movement had swayed dreamful and demanding. He was not in control. As the caravan closed on a pass in the gray mountain range where he’d come upon Khufu two months earlier, he finally found something to rescue him—suspicion.
Silence was Sebek’s first warning. No sound of bird or insect. He squinted at the canyon walls awaiting them. About a mile ahead, they narrowed to a pass that would require the caravan to funnel into single file. He assured himself that his lack of sleep wasn’t affecting his perception of danger.
With knees and hands, Foreman Sebek erected himself higher on his animal. “Halt!”
Everyone in the caravan complied except for the dragoman at the lead. He pulled back his donkey’s reins a few feet ahead. “What’s this?”
“Sir,” said Sebek, kicking his donkey past Theormi and the others to the ruffled leader, “this pass is wrong.”
The dragoman gazed along the cliffs. “Nothing but rock.” He looked at his foreman but Sebek firmed his jaw and stared back. The dragoman paused. “What would you do?”
Sebek called for Koket. “Lead ten men up the pass. Whistle when you get through.”
Koket eyed the dragoman, questioning. The dragoman dipped his long head. Koket ambled out with his men and donkeys. The donkeys’ clopping quieted until the pass devoured it, and silence once more shrouded the caravan.
Nobody made a sound. Except Merhet. He hummed.
Koket’s whistle rang back across the rock. The dragoman and the now thirty riders prepared their mounts. Sebek, head cocked, stared at the pass. Darkness began to harden around them. “Topel. Twenty riders. When you get halfway, send ten back, and take the others through.” More quizzical expressions went unanswered.
The twenty proceeded. Sebek turned to the dragoman and the remaining ten riders behind him. “Be ready to gallop when I signal.”
The dragoman gazed while Prince Merhet quivered like papyrus in unsteady breezes.
When Topel’s ten returned, Sebek listened still. “Tu,” he said at last, starting these last twenty. He set a brisk pace, the dragoman guarding the rear.
In the pass, rocky cliffs rising thirty feet above them, the donkey’s hooves on the rocky ground struck stark echoes. Wind trapped in the pass swirled tiny dust tornadoes that shimmered in the lamplight. The twenty advanced into the pass’s depth, its rock high above their heads. The whole of Sebek’s body strained to hear something. Something he expected. He leaned over his donkey’s head. He looked behind him. Where was it? What was it?
Quick as panic—men screamed and hooves boomed. Fifty shrieking nomads set on them.
“Ambush!”
“Fly, fly,” Sebek shouted. The Egyptians kicked their donkeys. Howls and cries.
Each Egyptian cursed the rider before him to ride faster.
Sebek hollered over the din, “Head on.”
The shrieks and hooves stormed closer.
“Harder.”
The donkeys ran at full speed.
The Egyptians reached the pass’ end where Koket with his twenty men battled hand-to-hand with a second squad of nomads. The nomads’ two squads clamped the caravan between them.
Sebek risked a glance back. Nomads overtook Egyptian riders at the rear. Spears flew. Riders fell. The dragoman rode back there. Slanted forward, Sebek cried, “Fly, fly.” His mind raced to find escape. Cliffs pinched in on both sides. Forward was the only chance.
As Sebek’s group rushed ahead, nomads broke through Koket’s line. Sebek pulled out his club from his side basket. “Don’t stop. Right through. Right through.” Only one way would get them out of this. Directly into the fray ahead, Sebek aimed his men, those still alive. The nomads who had broken through drew up on their mounts, but before they could fight back, Sebek’s group swept through them. Clubbing one nomad to the ground while the other nomads regained control of their animals, Sebek yelled at Koket, “Follow me.” Koket’s group kicked their donkeys. They chased after Sebek. The nomads in front of them reacted in time only to join their mates clipping at Sebek’s group.
The Egyptians’ donkeys bellowed with fatigue. They bashed against one another, the pass widening enough for three to run side by side. Sebek heard more death cries behind. The caravan cleared the pass. He had to get the caravan off the main trail. He saw and pointed to a path on the left that led to a sharp rise. “There. Keep on.” If from the top they spun and raced down on the nomads, they’d have a chance. The Egyptians lashed their animals. Donkeys squealed, exhausted, slipping on the rocky ground. “Keep their heads up.”
At the rise’s peak, Sebek pivoted his donkey. “Follow. Go, go.” The caravan chased Sebek’s path up and around the rise. He sucked air from his stomach to scream his defiance. His scream ignited the men, each whooping with him. At full speed, he hurtled down the rise. Egyptians were the attackers now.
But the nomads had vanished.
Where he expected surprised nomads, Sebek saw nothing but scrub brush. The nomads hadn’t followed. They’d guessed Sebek’s tactic and peeled off.
The Egyptians yanked their animals to awkward stops, donkeys braying their irritation. Riders cheered. They assumed they’d driven off the nomads.
“Shut up,” Sebek ordered. He listened. He knew the nomads were near, waiting. His stomach tightened.
“The dragoman’s not with us,” a rider said.
“He got it,” said another. “In the pass.”
“And maybe ten others.”
The thirty surviving riders looked to Foreman Sebek, he who escaped the goldmines. They were Sebek’s responsibility now.
He ordered them to their bellies in the bowl-like area inside the rise. It afforded some defense. He brought Theormi as well as Merhet and Pebatma beside him. The prince, mumbling, lay on his back, arms crossed on his chest like a mummy. His wife sobbed.
The riders flattened on the rise’s slope, holding the rein of their donkeys standing behind them and trying to calm their breathing. Some sneezed or coughed with the dust in their nostrils and throats. Sebek told them to muzzle themselves and focus on the surrounding rim of the rise. “If we’re ready, we’ll equal any attack.”
Theormi whispered, “When will they return?”
Not removing his eyes from the sandy hill above them, Sebek said, “I’m counting on soon.”
“Why soon?”
“Because we can’t sleep.”
Theormi gulped.
“You can. Sleep, I mean.” Sebek adjusted himself for a better view of the rise’s ridge.
“Why did you expect an ambush?”
Eyes scanning her, the foreman didn’t mention the pulsing of her hips. “That pass was perfect for an ambush. Wait ‘til we’re in it, trap from both ends. That’d be my plan.”
“By sending various groups through,” said Theormi, “you prevented the nomads from trapping us.”
Sebek looked at her. She had a quick mind. A king’s woman. He turned away, not wishing to linger on her eyes or for her eyes to probe his. “What I wonder is how they knew we were coming.”
“You think their ambush indicates they knew?”
Sebek nodded. “Anyway, stay close. I’m tethered to the mad boy.”
“No respect for a prince, but at least you respect an enemy.” Theormi hesitated as if thinking. “The Hituptah priests. It must be them.”
Sebek swiveled to her.
She said, “The priests constantly pursued Khufu. They tried to poison him in the Per-O.”
“Are they rich enough to direct nomads this far away?”
“They’re the only ones who are strong enough. They also attacked Khufu in the delta. They hired these nomads. I’m sure of it.”
Sebek settled back. “Impressive.”

Even before Merhet and Theormi had left the palace, Khufu secluded himself in his suite. He believed he couldn’t bear a single vibration from the caravan’s donkeys. After the caravan’s departure, he shuttered his windows against the passing of day or night and propped his bed, tables and chairs against the wall so nothing obstructed his pacing in circles around the stone pond like a caged lion glaring into shadows on every side shed by a single lamp. He couldn’t stop the hammering into his bones of Merhet’s and Theormi’s steps receding into distant sands where he had cast them. To escape their steps, Khufu again and again threw himself to his knees on the floor’s tiles. Immobile and gasping for breath like a fish out of water, he bolted up and resumed pacing. He must do something; there was nothing to do. His son was gone and his lover could not comfort him; his lover was gone and his son could not comfort him. After the few bare minutes in which he managed to sleep, he woke in constant night, spine frozen to the floor, sweat reeking, and mind racing with nightmares of sandstorms. He resumed pacing.
I have no connections now. Not to children. Not to queens. No one. “No one can touch me. I’ve separated from mortals.”
Through the dark, Chamberlain Ramose announced Prince Hordedef. During these days, Khufu admitted only his second son.
After kissing the earth, the prince said, “Senbeb, Sire, please dine with family tonight. I worry for you.”
“So you have all your life. You needn’t now.”
“Sir?”
Khufu lifted heavy eyes. “I need nothing save peace.”
“Yes, Father. Don’t you wish to come join family?”
“Join your mother? She is a demon. See what she’s done. That soulless husk. Enemies, enemies.” Khufu shook his head. “You bled for me. Hordedef. I am a horrid father.”
“No, Father, no. I’m well. I am proud that you are my father. I wish peace for you. Let it begin with family.”
Khufu looked about the chamber’s shadows. He stepped across the tiles and again felt the footsteps of his two loves. He halted so the vibrations could cool. Then he stalked on.
“Father, please.”
“I exist.” Khufu punched his right arm down at his side with each word. “I continue as much as any god.”
“Yes, Father. Yes.”
“Hordedef, when I sleep in the sarcophagus, I will sleep in the peace of gods.”
“Come out of your rooms, Father. Enjoy the garden with me.”
“Enemies invade me but my luscious realm seduces them. I satisfy them in my flesh. They gain what they originally sought—to be part of me. Their bones become mine to erect my pyramid. We will build. That’s what I do. I hate this inaction. Avert me from oblivion.” The God-king pounded his chest. “I’m free. I am the god on earth. It is time to strike out. Hordedef, we will go to the gold mines of the Wawat.”
“Father!”
“This will regain my sanity. Forward motion again. Time is new. Enough of shielding me from my kingdom. Enough of this cage.”
“This will end peace.”
Leaving Hordedef behind, the God-king rushed out of his dark suite and through the corridor, waving his arms and striking his feet down. “Wake up, wake up. The day is bright.” Panicked staff hustled in the corridors. “Wake up. The Gods assign our work. Conscript an army. Awake, awake. A new day. Everyone awake.” Khufu headed for the front courtyard, his guards now catching up. When he burst through the exit doors and into the court, his heart rapped in his chest.
Down the starlit sky a crescent moon was falling.



Part 3
DROUGHT SEASON


Chapter 17
TWILIGHT LIKE A BLUE FOG
Although the first day of drought season had begun to warm, Mehi shivered when he stepped into his parents’ home. Something had changed. The floor hadn’t been swept, the fragrance of clay soap was gone, and the wall talismans hung at odd angles. What had happened to his mother?
Horemheb, exiting the back room with his head down, was a step from his son before noticing him. Each man squared up to the other. “Your mother is sick,” Horemheb blurted, his face drawn. “She has the fluke.”
Mehi’s gut clenched. “You let her eat fluke?”
“What d’you mean, ‘let her’? It’s a change from them tem papyrus roots.”
Fear like an icy wind swept into Mehi’s heart. His mother shouldn’t be, needn’t be, so poor as to rely on the wormy fluke fish. He glared at his father. Mehi pushed past him.
“Try to get her to eat.”
“It won’t be fluke.”
In the back room doorway, Mehi paused for a sour odor he didn’t at first recognize. Khety’s bird-like frame lay stiff on the mattress. Except when she saw her son, a smile at the corners of her mouth lifted like a swallow’s wings.
Mehi grinned for her as he sat down with folded legs beside her. “It’s not like you to go against the priests’ rules with the fluke.”
“Tu, I pay for it now.”
“This would not happen with me living here. I wouldn’t let you eat fluke.”
“Ah, we’d still have to eat.”
Mehi’s eyes dropped to look at his hands. From his mother, this was a scolding. She must have heard his angry words to his father. 
When Mehi again looked at his mother, Khety was casting worried eyes across her son’s face. “Mehi, I’ve heard an upsetting story. There’s gossip you’ve been to a strange woman.” Her eyebrows flicked.
Mehi’s eyes shifted away, this time toward the doorway and outdoors. He’d visit Aatet again that night.
Khety closed her eyes. To Mehi, her body seemed to shrink into the mattress.
His hands shook. He longed to be clean of guilt so he could blame his father without holding back. Both of Khety’s men hurt her.
“My boy, a strange woman you can never have.”
“You don’t know this woman, Mother.”
“Oh, yes. Such a woman offers everything but gives nothing. She hates you for coming to a barren market.”
Mehi didn’t want to talk about this. He took up a bowl of porridge on the floor. “Here, try some of this.” He dipped his fingers into the bowl and presented them to her.
Khety turned away her head. When Mehi lowered his hand, she faced him again. “I know you. You cannot go halfway. Since there’s nothing in this woman, you’ll reach for her farther and farther until ... It’s only the—the act she offers you while you think it’s something else.”
Mehi pushed his fingers into his mother’s mouth. Forced to take the food, Khety maintained an accusing expression on him as she swallowed.
“My life with Wabt is empty, Mother.”
Khety tried to speak but winced. Her face blanched. Mehi reached a hand to her. Recovering, yet her voice turning husky, Khety said, “I’m not telling you to stay with Wabt if you don’t love—” Khety coughed three times. Her eyes watered. Turning from Mehi, she struggled to rise onto her side. She vomited, wet and coarse.
Without an idea what to do, Mehi touched his mother’s shoulder.
Khety swabbed her face with a cloth. She then sipped water from a ladle beside her.
Mehi waited on his mother, his eyebrows quivering.
Khety turned to him. A spot of vomit clung to her chin. Mehi averted his eyes. She said, “I’m sorry for that woman. Truly. I’m sorry for a woman who thinks all she has is her body.”
Mehi looked back to his mother, hoping the rot on her face was gone. It wasn’t. He wanted to indicate her chin to her but just as much he didn’t want to think about it. Unclean and prone, the mother he knew was drifting away from him.
Khety noticed his glances. She wiped the spot and blushed. “You don’t love Wabt. I see that in your eyes. But what you build with a strange woman is hate. There’re other women than Wabt or a prostitute.”
“Hate?”
Khety paused. “Your father went to such a woman.”
“He what?!” Bile rose from Mehi’s gut. What crime hadn’t his father committed?
“It was horrible days for him.”
“For him? Mother, horrible for you.”
Khety’s voice softened to a sigh. “I won’t lie to you. Those days were hard. But he injured himself more than me.”
Mehi almost shouted. “Hurt himself?”
“Mehi,” she insisted, her voice hoarse, “he lost himself. He hated everything, but mostly himself. Each night he came home later with greater hatred. Some men take a prostitute without losing themselves, but not your father and not you.”
“Mother, it’s not like that.” He kissed her forehead and got up to leave.
Khety examined her son. “Make glad the heart.” She coughed, her color draining.
As Mehi passed through the front room to leave the hut, he said nothing to his father.
Under the sun’s climbing the sky, black silence hung about Mehi, his head and eyes low. His mother’s words wailed like the blue women’s dirges at Snebtisi’s funeral. He walked without feel for the ground. No smell alerted him. His breathing chafed his chest but he failed to hear it or any sound distinctly. 
He was not as content with Aatet as he had been with An-khi, but not dead as he was with Wabt. 
I want someone to know ... I’m trying—to do right. I thought I would be different than this.
Mehi broke off his plodding to watch three pigs work a muddy field in the dark. A farmer whipped them on the rumps so they’d trample seed into the bare ground in a vain attempt to grow a second crop. Pigs’ squat bodies clashed with Egypt’s concept of grace and their meat fouled in Egypt’s beloved heat. Yet, Egyptians used pigs for this most vital of Egypt’s tasks. The animals bore the beating; they clomped on.
Mehi pushed on to Aatet.

Aatet’s laugh squealed up in its mindless whoop. “You don’t do anything. You just wait for me. Every visit’s the same thing.”
In her lean-to of straw and daub, a major chunk of which was obviously dung, separated in places wide enough for prying eyes, Mehi felt that the prostitute whipped him as he plodded through mud. Her tongue-lashings felt right and just.
“Don’t be so sad, my little shi. Come to your Aatet. I make it better, don’t I? You’re such a little sweeting. You got a gift for me right now, don’t you?”
From his bag, he produced for her the one item his mother had saved from their life before the tomb-robbery, an heirloom she had carved, and that she’d created to protect her three children. Mehi offered up his mother’s God Bes statue.
“Aw, let me see.” Aatet snatched it. Her eyes widened in appraising the carving. “You’re a fool.”
Throughout their noontime act, Mehi moved with strange bones. They felt like those of another man. When it was over, sickness surged in him. He put his hand on his mouth and leaned from Aatet. He retched. Over and over. Without vomiting. The sickness soured in him.
“Has my little husband drunk a little much?”
Mehi had one choice. Really, he had no choice.

The next day at dawn, Mehi paced the corridor outside the royal schoolroom. He kept his eyes off the many-colored murals in the hallways depicting Egypt and her God-king. He didn’t know what he’d tell the prince. Other boys passed by not bothering to scorn him anymore. He deserved their scorn now.
The schoolmaster arrived and scolded Mehi for not being at his place inside. Mehi told him he waited for Prince Hordedef. “Dear me,” the master said, nostrils flaring, “we certainly had ought to wait for that, hadn’t we?”
When the prince finally approached from the corridor’s far end with his elegant gait, if perhaps a bit more slowly than usual, he seemed lost in thought and all but collided with Mehi before noticing him. “Why, Mehi. Why are you out here? You’re usually first in your place.”
“Uh, Prince Hordedef, your Majesty, son of the great God Khufu.”
“Your eyes are deep cast. Mehi, are you not well? Shall I call a doctor?”
“This is my last day—I—I, will you pardon, uh ...”
“Slow down, Mehi. Say what you mean, one word at a time.”
“Prince, I can’t come to class any more. I can’t.”
Hordedef started. “Mehi, no. Whatever the problem, problems can be solved.”
Mehi’s wickedness couldn’t be solved. “School’ll take too long. I’ll be too old.”
“You’ll be just as old either way.”
“Uhm ...” Mehi peeked down the corridor, edgy to be gone.
“Dear boy,” the prince said, drawing a sigh. Mehi saw worry in his face. “Recent situations distract me; I’ve neglected you and the other students. I don’t wish for you to quit and I don’t believe you wish to quit. Rather than inform me of your decision in person, you might have simply stopped attending.”
“I owed it to you. You’re a prince.”
“Perhaps. But school is dear to you. Am I wrong in that, Mehi? Isn’t it your future?”
I have no future. “My future is with commoners like my father.” Mehi fidgeted, about to run off.
Hordedef rested his palm on Mehi’s chest. The prince’s eyes sparkled. “Don’t make your final decision today. Attend one day more and we’ll talk tomorrow.”
Mehi didn’t want to listen.
“Do me this favor, brother Mehi.”
Mehi hesitated. To stay in school he’d have to believe he was Hordedef’s brother? No, that was too terrible a sacrilege to consider. “I’m sorry, your Honor.”
Hordedef sagged. “I’ll not stop hoping for you. You’ve been the one bright face I speak to at these classes. I’ll miss you, Mehi.”
Horemheb’s son mumbled that he’d miss Hordedef too. Mehi ran three steps before he remembered to bow.

Writing the monthly report for the Per-O at the governor’s low table in the treasury building, An-khi was putting into practice her months of observing Paser during his provincial duties. She had judged for herself what to do and not do were she to become governor: Do report to Annu timely and accurately; do not funnel taxes to one’s own storehouse. Do work long hours; do not favor friends in their lawsuits. Do meet as many citizens as possible; do not whip those delinquent in their taxes to pay for your opulent tomb.
At the time, the judgment had been merely a game to occupy her long hours at the treasury building. But two weeks ago, a white scorpion stung her father. Paser didn’t recover. Stunned but enduring, An-khi and Heria quietly buried him in his tomb, although without the imprecise inscriptions he had planned for it.
Finished with the report, An-khi called for a scribe. “See that the runner takes this out today,” she said, handing to him a bundle of papyrus rolls.
The scribe bowed. “Excuse me, Lady An-khi, but when did you say that Governor Paser will be returning to work?”
“Any day.”

Theormi, Sebek and the caravan riders on their bellies encircled the rise’s slope like a fallen fence. Minute by minute, they scanned the ridge for the nomads. Theormi saw nothing but their own shadows shifting side to side as the sun arched above them. Sand clogged her nostrils, chafed her eyes and grinded in every fold of skin. The edges of her tongue parched crisp, its pain spreading inward. She fancied their mounts sprouting wings and flying them away from all of this.
Merhet muttered about black suns. His wife had stopped sobbing.
When Theormi and Sebek touched, their flesh burnt. When twilight cooled, they inched toward each other’s warmth. When the sun rose on their second day in the bowl, none had rest from fright. Sebek ordered every third rider to close his eyes. After an hour, he wakened them for another third to sleep.
Riders began questioning whether the nomads were still waiting. Sebek quelled them with his own question: “Who wants to volunteer to go up to the top of the rise and tell us what they see on the other side?”
By noon, the men let go of their donkeys’ reins. The animals remained where they stood. The men began to pant as during a fight. Sunlight delivered the blows.
Topel jeered, “Aw, they’ve gone off.” Several riders stared at Sebek.
Another said, “No one would wait this long.”
“They’re gone.”
Sebek swept out his hand toward the ridge as if offering it to Topel.
The riders looked back at Topel. One said, “Go on, Topel. You’re right. Go on.” Many others nodded. All waited for him.
Topel looked up the incline. Then looked at the men. He flattened himself and began to crawl up the sand. After a few feet he stopped, looked back, face red, eyes dark, and then crawled a few feet more. Two body lengths from the top of the rise, he stopped and cocked his head as if listening. Placing his arms at his sides, he wriggled like a snake up to the ridge top. Topel took two deep breaths and then nudged up his head, turning it to expose above the ridge only one eye. 
With a “whoosh” and a “crack,” a spear broke through the back of his skull. He sunk down. The spear had pierced the exposed eye. Neither he nor spear-thrower made a sound.

When the siege’s third day smoldered around them, the riders slipped in and out of dream whether or not it was their turn to sleep. Theormi’s mind clouded. The whole of her tongue ached and swelled. She couldn’t stop it from scraping against her teeth. For hours the same words repeatedly spurt from her mouth at Foreman Sebek. “There has to be more we can do.”
Each time, Sebek either shrugged, shook his head or did nothing.
Finally, when the sun was hacking its path down the sky, she turned to the foreman. “How did you escape the goldmines?”
Sebek looked away.
“It may be important.”
“I spat my venom at your fiend who created that hell.”
Theormi stared him down.
“I played dead,” Sebek obliged. “Tricked a guard—who paid for his stupidity.”
“Could we do that here? Play dead? Then surprise the nomads when they come?”
“These men don’t have the hatred I have.”
“Make them do it. If you wanted to, you’d convince them.”
“If the nomads wait much longer, we won’t have to play dead.”
“Have you given up?”
He shrugged.
“Remember that man and his donkey giving up? How you hated that?”
No reaction.
“We have to try something.”
Sebek looked at her and a devilish gleam came to his eye. “I’d tell the great God-king that the prince he sent out here, this rat-child, died a great hero. It’d kill him to know he exiled a hero.”
Theormi sank back. “We need one now.”

“Attack, attack.” A rider cried the alarm. All jumped into position.
The nomads weren’t there.
Riders jeered the one who had called the false alarm. But more false sightings followed. Several times, Theormi flinched for the nomads, red murder in their eyes, clawing at her. Once, she thought she saw Sebek about to sound an alarm before he shrugged and relaxed again.
Near sundown, the foreman instructed the men to punch any other rider on watch who hung his head. This became a pleasure pastime. But on one watch, a prone rider didn’t respond even after a second punch. His partner bent to him and then mouthed to Sebek, “Nothing.” Water splashed on the rider’s face revived him enough that he lifted his head before it flopped down again.
Soon, Theormi could not tell who slept. Her eyes, crisp with strain and glare, found no rider with his head up. Stiff, their bodies littered the sand. She and Sebek were alone in watching the rise.
While dusk blessed them from the heat, Theormi embedded in the sand as if she were beneath it. Sebek stopped fighting the riders’ need to sleep and dream. Everyone but Sebek slept. 
Theormi suggested to him that she should remain awake to help keep him awake. He told her, “I won’t lose control.”

On the fourth dawn, the Egyptians, in postures of stillbirth, finally believed their eyes. They wakened to screams and nomads squalling out of the eastern sunrise and down the rise at them. Clubs, shouts, donkeys and nomads crossed in every direction. Most Egyptians had time only to stagger to their knees. They were clubbed back down. Heads were favorite targets.
Theormi stood. She and Sebek swung clubs. Merhet ran off shrieking. In his frenzy, he upended two nomads, broke free of the battle, and leapt onto a donkey. A spear flew past his ear as he disappeared beyond the rise. One nomad commanded ten mounted nomads to chase down the prince. They lit out. 
Theormi saw Sebek dodge attackers as he ran to a donkey. She met his eyes just she was hauled up and slammed across the lap of a nomad on a donkey who then galloped off. The nomad’s eyes glinted gray. Theormi threw her fists and knees at him. He laughed. She wrenched her neck to find Sebek. He had vanished.

Sebek was chiseling in memory the face of the nomad who had snatched Theormi. Like goldmine ore, his mind glinted with the gray of the nomad’s eyes. Yet first, mad or not, Merhet was his duty. The nomads had come for the prince; that was clear. From out of the flying dust, a club cracked Sebek’s shoulder. He countered with a stinging of his club that rammed the attacker’s ear deep into his skull.
Once free of the melee, Sebek saw a mile ahead the dust of the nomad’s donkeys chasing Prince Merhet. Hiding his pursuit, Sebek sidled behind sand dunes. Within an hour, the dust trail was replaced by a thin line of smoke that seemed to drop like a rope from a hole in the sky.
By the time Sebek found the smoke’s source, all nomads had ridden out. The burning mass on the sand must have been Prince Merhet, but Sebek waited for it to cool so he could be sure. The burnt flesh odors of boiled fat, copper and sulfur clung to him. He cursed the prince.
Three Egyptians straggled to the smoke. Each pinched his nose. 
Sebek confronted them. “Did anyone go after the harem woman?”
“Hapu did for a while. He’s behind us.”
“Foreman,” said the other, “do you want to know who died?”
“Will that change anything?”
Others from the caravan, seven in all including Hapu, wandered in.
“Did you find the woman?”
“The nomads went south with her.”
Another laughed. “They’ll have their reward.”
“You didn’t follow her?” Sebek charged the men. “You left her? Cowards.”
“It’s only a woman. We were exiling her anyway.”
“Hem-ts.”
Hapu shrugged.
Sebek returned to the black remains. He knelt down and pushed ash off what was left of the prince’s face. Merhet’s lower jaw fell open, ash dribbling from where the lips had been. As Sebek brushed away more ash, arms, hands and fingers lost shape and crumbled. He found what he was looking for—the garnet ring. Sebek could now go after Theormi.
He jumped onto his donkey, kicking his heels into it. It honked. Sebek slapped its head. They raced away.

Three hours later, twilight falling, Sebek crept up on the nomad camp. A gray plume of campfire smoke rose like a flag. He crawled behind a dune’s crest, then peeked over. In the center, around the campfire, two nomads snored. Four others passed around a jug, chuckling. One had the ore-glint gray eyes. On the fire’s far side, Theormi lay unmoving, a heap of legs, arms and torso twisted at cruel angles. Her torn tunic rode up her thighs. Blood and dirt smeared everywhere on her skin. Her grimy hair wrapped like twine around her face.
Sebek knew the marauders would come at her again when they’d rested. What a prize this woman was. They clutched a God-king’s woman without grasping who she was. Not as Sebek knew her.
All Sebek had was his club. Pointless. The nomads had ruined the woman with their foul bodies. Nothing was left of the woman he knew. Tu, pointless.
God-king Khufu had done this. He exiled the woman to this fate. He made Sebek a foreman to get Sebek closer to Theormi than he had to any woman. And made him watch her slaughter. The Hituptah Ptah priests. They’d sent these nomads. The Ptah priests must possess the power to exact revenge against Khufu.
Sebek slipped away on the sand.

The barque’s stern and prow steeples, painted like lotus stems, thrust twenty-feet out of the white water were topped by lotus flower spires that opened onto the God-king enthroned amidships. To mirror the prow of his one-hundred foot barque slashing into the Nile current, God-king Khufu set his plow-like profile for his citizens gathered on both shores. They must see their future preserved by the gold he sailed into Ta Sety to secure. The ship’s red and gold spirals, silky banners and flourishing ribbons might not be enough to reassure them. The citizens faced another drought season in a second drought year. 
“Hordedef.”
“Yes, Sire.”
“Prince, the citizens lost entertainment with the temple closing, but the Per-O can provide its own. Set up a tour of music and dance. Several, in fact.”
“Yes, King. Excellent.”
Ahead on the west bank, Khufu witnessed four men wading up to their loin clothes and unraveling a thirty-foot circular net, struggling to remain upright in knots of slack and slimy lotus. They leaned onto the net, driving it down, finally submerging themselves. They leapt up together, muddy water streaming off their heads and shoulders, boosting the net above the surface, looking for their catch. There was none. Their shoulders slumped, and then they saw their God-king. 
Khufu turned his eyes to the eastern shore, seeing a family of six sitting on their haunches sorting melons. A little daughter wearing a red bandana began to gnaw at a melon. The father took it from her. No matter how hungry the child might be, they had melons only for trade to a passing barge, not to eat. The girl began to cry.
Cry Isis’s tears, sweet daughter. Over sate the river. Khufu called, “Captain, make the sails shake.”
“Yes, Majesty.” The captain turned. “Luff! Luff there. Get her into the wind.” The six oarsmen on both port and starboard caught their blades into the water and drove their strokes, leaning back nearly parallel to the deck. Boatmen ran the sails. They billowed and cracked. The barque shuddered.
These tem rapids bucked against Khufu’s chasing of Merhet and Theormi, his body shaking with their steps out of Egypt, mind cascading with the tiny fury of Merhet’s infant heart, purling with Merhet’s child laughter, rumbling with Merhet’s juvenile brooding, rippling with Theormi’s poetry, agitating with her arguments, and undulating with her muscle and bone climaxes. 
Near the outpost town of Abu loomed the first cataract. Polished black by sun and river, its sheer granite cliffs towered six to eight hundred feet. They enwalled the river. Also, its granite roots rifted up through the sandstone riverbed, creating rapids as long as six miles. These shielded Egypt against quick invasions from the south, or into the south.
In front of the Abu fort’s stonewalls, a thousand conscripts waved and sang “Khufu” to the warrior-king who would soon lead them to plunder Ta Sety. Recruiters had rounded them up from nearby provinces to be soldiers. The royal company planned to stop at the fort, unload the barque, and the next day head into Ta Sety on foot. 
Instead, the conscripts’ song inspired Khufu. He would exploit the cataract to inspire his subjects. Their deathless God-king Khufu ordered, “Continue through.”
Each man on deck stopped moving.
“Sir,” said Vizier Shaf, “do you mean for us to take the barque over the cataract?”
Khufu did not answer. He remained in profile.
Shaf cast his eyes to the sky. Boatmen looked to each other, eyes wide. After a last glance at the God-king, Shaf flicked his fingers at the captain. The captain gulped, but swung up his arm. “All right there. Watch the rocks below, watch the rocks to shore. Steady the oars.”
Khufu’s decision pleased him. Speed. The cliffs’ defiance rivaled his own. Up the granite faces, his Inundations had etched whorls and hollows in the shape of various beasts. Future Inundations would further enliven these monuments as alive and eternal as his pyramid’s stone would maintain him.
Currents shook under Khufu. His barque sped up as if shifting into a chute. The roar of rapids drowned out the conscript’s chants. Shadows of the black granite lowered over the company’s heads.
Immediately, granite underwater slammed into the barque. Its cedar planks crunched and snapped. The ship shunted port. Khufu sickened. He gripped his throne. Men shouted. White water leapt over the bow. The captain yelled an order, swallowed by the roar, repeated it. Princes ran to starboard, grabbed spare oars and plied them against the river. Deckhands held onto masts. Many fell. Some screamed. Port oarsmen prodded oars or their hands, against the stone scaling over the barque. The oars broke.
The granite whorls Khufu had admired now branded the hull. A long, deep shudder of ripping wood tore through the hull. The barque reared up, tilting queasily starboard. Princes spilled across the deck. That moment proved that he faced the wrong direction. Egypt—his charge—was behind him.
Stern to bow—the barque lurched. Khufu hurtled from his throne. He hit the cedar deck and flew up again. He saw the black cliff and black sky whirling.
Khufu plummeted into the water. Hard and deep.
Cut off from the world and knowing he’d fallen by will of the Gods, he felt every earthly concern and duty float away. How distant he might be from any other living thing or even whether he faced up or down, he didn’t know. He didn’t care. He made no effort to right himself but let the water do with him what it would. He submitted. Here he drifted in the lovely muffled world under water. Quiet as a dream. Isolated, Khufu didn’t feel alone, but caressed, supported fully without any effort of his own. His muscles fell long, limp and liquid. He didn’t sense the water. He was water. He dispersed across the universe. This was a God-king’s death.

An hour later, the boatmen had righted the barque. It was a shambles. The prow’s and stern’s lotus spires had broken off and were presumably floating back home. Sails, banners and ribbons were ripped or missing. Gouges and lacerations had erased much of the painted designs. On the riverbank, Khufu sat at a fire, fingering at stubborn water clogging his right ear. Conscripts lined the banks and cliffs behind, shaking their heads and whispering.
A royal runner in a simple tunic ran up behind the God-king. He kissed the ground. Khufu didn’t acknowledge him. The runner turned to the second prince. Hordedef flung his hand out, indicating that the runner should get on with his report. “Sire,” the young man said. “Tehnu nomads attack Demit-en-Hor in the northwest province. Many perish. Much plunder. Raids continue.”
Khufu’s head shot up, eyes latching onto the runner. The God-king spat question after question before dismissing him.
“Good, good.” Khufu stood and paced, slapping his hands together. His face flushed and his eyes lit up. “Time to show myself. Yes, yes, a real defense of my country. To war.”
Prince Hordedef slumped.


Chapter 18
FREEZING NIGHTS IN RED SAND
Northwest of Annu in the Ta Manu desert chill, God-king Khufu eyed his forces searching yet another escape path of Tehnu nomads after their rampage on a Egyptian village in the western delta. Late again. Egypt found villagers’ corpses—defiled by torn out hearts and genitals—as well as raped wives and daughters, razed huts and Tehnu footprints. But no Tehnu. The drench of blood on every body and every home screamed of the Hituptah priests’ and their retort to the Hap Bull’s bloody death.
Khufu cast his eyes toward the scarlet sunset that shrouded his enemy. There, waves of sand meshed in an ages-slow meander. Wind and weight sifted the sand into curls and canyons. No living thing disturbed the sand’s slip and rise, slip and rise. Despite Khufu devoting himself to perfecting Egypt as an art, he admitted that here languished the only perfection possible on earth. Friction of sand against sand sighed and hissed without intention or intelligence. Its emptiness sang of destruction. Khufu knew those who heard only the desert song sooner or later submitted to it and committed self-slaughter even if they remained alive. Many combated the song with perpetual anger; they spewed and they fumed and they died. Others ignored it by plugging their ears as if with sand, thus misunderstanding all they heard. Yet, a fourth group balanced the song’s dissonance whenever possible by dancing in the world like the Nile. 
When the God-king tossed back his head to discern the planet Sba aabti, his right ear spiked with pain. The cataract water had breached his ear and was punishing him for his folly there. And, he drifted ever more distant from Theormi and Merhet.
Windstorm rising and icy night plunging, Khufu whistled his men to halt for a fresh start the next day.

“Nomads.” Stomping back into the Egyptian camp at midnight, the God-king smacked open the flap of his pyramid-shaped tent. Prince Hordedef waited inside on a cane. “Homeless, artless winds. No home to defend, they ransack us then scurry away like dirty shadows into dirty shadows.” As if still at hunt, his feline eyes darting about the throne, bed and pillows, Khufu careened on stiff legs, barely avoiding the tent’s center pole. “The tem att never sit long enough to produce anything lasting.” At a low table in the far corner, he stopped, grabbed a goblet of pomegranate wine set there, gulped it down, poured another and carried it to his throne near the tent’s center. “How do I strike at what is not fixed down?” Khufu dumped himself on his throne.
When Khufu looked up, Hordedef winked at him. “I’ve been thinking, Majesty. Shouldn’t we exploit the desert rather than allow it to frustrate us? The Tehnu’s easy escapes indicate that their scouts follow our movements.”
Khufu tilted his head toward his second son.
“We should appear to return to Annu, but in actuality conceal ourselves in the sandstorm.”
Khufu leaned forward. “Their scouts will report to their chief. He will be smug enough to celebrate victory and the nomads will show their snouts.”
“And using our scouts—strategically positioned—to track their movements ...”
“We trick them out of their holes.” Khufu punched the air. “Battle at last.”
Sand drummed the tent. Within, father and son shared wine and design—the attack, scouting and contingencies—cheering on one another with each resolution of the plot they’d execute at dawn.
Guardsmen rushed into the tent in a flurry.
“What is this intrusion?”
“Excuse me, your Majesty,” said one guard, crimping his shoulders in a clumsy bow, “but Vizier Shaf-Khufu concluded the hunt with a reward. He honors me to announce his arrival.”
Khufu laughed with his second son. “Dramatic Shaf.”
Princes Heru and Dedephor ducked into the tent. They assumed attention alongside the guardsmen at the entry.
“The supporting players. Enough, Shaf. Come in already. The suspense is murmurous.”
Hordedef clucked when the vizier entered.
Shaf flourished an arm. “Khufu, my God-king, subsequent to our unearthing one million stones in seeking our crawling enemy, I have netted our first Tehnu insect.” With another flourish, the vizier indicated the tent’s entrance.
Three more of Shaf’s men marched in, holding a young Tehnu nomad.
“I, Vizier Shaf-Khufu, have captured an enemy scout.”
“Ah,” Khufu whispered. He stood and, grinning, stalked toward the Tehnu. The King of Two Egypts grasped the nomad’s thick hair and yanked back the head. The captive yelped. Khufu snatched the nomad’s tongue and gripped it. “This flap of skin will tell us what we want to know, won’t it, boy?”
In the darkness and gritty wind, guards shoved the Tehnu to the center of camp and staked him, tying down his arms and legs. By torchlight, Shaf and Khufu shouted questions at him. The small nomad proved tough. “No, no,” he repeated for hours.
At sunrise, guards wedged the nomad’s head between stakes that forced him to face the sun throughout the day. They supplied the prisoner no water except for their spit. At nightfall, Shaf began dripping water onto the nomad’s stomach.
“No, no.”
On the following dawn, guards sliced off the Tehnu’s eyelids. His eyes crusted with red blisters. At noon, the nomad broke. Through bleeding lips, he screamed answers to every question.
“At last,” Khufu cried. “We’ll pluck the poison out of these scorpions.”
“Oh, KhnumKhufwey,” interrupted Shaf, “the difficult job of uprooting these bugs is nearly complete. In glory, safeguard yourself here in your throne chair, sure in the triumph that your vizier will provide.”
The confounded God-king twisted back toward his vizier. “We wage a battle still.”
“No, Khufu.”
“No, Khufu? Change your tongue.”
“I believe the men shall receive orders from me naturally hereafter, especially due to my routing out the nomad scout. Why not abide in your tent while your vizier brings you the Tehnu chief’s head?”
“You hyena. I saw you pink and mottled, bawling at the wet nurse’s breast. What is your crying now? Withdraw?” Khufu stabbed a finger at his vizier. “You seek your own glory, not Egypt’s. On the battlefield, men will witness their leader.”
Shaf gestured an appeal to Hordedef. The second prince proffered his palm. “Khufu is King. Don’t tell me anything else.”

The battle began before dawn, but sunlight never found the battlefield.
A simoom that whipped up clouds of scarlet dust eclipsed the sun, abandoning the armies without day or night. Red sand threshed into their eyes, ground in their teeth and clotted their wounds. Egyptian axe and Tehnu mace flailed against one another or human flank. The simoom forbad Egypt its superior bow and arrow. How many hours the battle waged, no warrior could judge except by the rise and the fall of chill.
Under the snapping Horus hawk flag, the simoom often slung the eldest of four hundred warriors, the living god Khufu, onto one leg. Needing both arms to control his weapon, he chopped the axe head, missing an enemy but blocking the counter blow. “Tem nomad. Strangle in your wind.” With his second slash, Khufu split the nomad’s chin. The nomad crumpled, shrieking. Another leapt into his place. 
To the God-king’s right, Dedephor’s and Heru’s squads swung their axes on the diagonal against screaming and spitting Tehnu who swung maces straight down. Filling out the phalanx to Khufu’s left, Shaf’s and Heru’s squads barely held off nomads. Everywhere the Tehnu attacked with improbable energy, as if their blows raged down from a higher position. Prior to the battle, Khufu had trusted the Egyptians’ greater numbers would discourage the Tehnu. But the bearded nomads seemed to avenge their centuries-long vanquishing from the Nile.
Hordedef oversaw the battle through the dust from a rise behind the Egyptians.
Temperature dropping and joint stiffening, Khufu held up his axe in the way a man sinking in quicksand holds up his arms. His heart and veins stung with the need to deliver the battle for his sons and to Egypt.
A whistle pierced the din. The nomads opposing Shaf’s squad suddenly retreated. The vizier signaled his men to pursue them.
“Run them down, son,” yelled Khufu from the whirling sand. The enemy and Shaf faded into the dusky red clouds.
The God-king saw a nomad rushing at him and hoisting his mace. Khufu heaved his axe with all his waning power, crushing the man’s sternum. The nomad gave way, as did the King. As the nomad hit the ground at his feet, Khufu grabbed his knees to catch his fall. He inhaled a desperate breath.
The retreating Tehnu re-entered the battlefield and were now running at Heru’s squad on the right. Khufu reasoned that they must have coursed behind the other groups of nomads—shaking off Shaf’s force in the dust clouds—to surprise Heru’s squad. Deploying a dual assault, the Tehnu punctured Heru’s squad at various points and pressed toward the God-king. Some of Heru’s men fell, some retreated. Khufu’s guards beat at the nomads breaching Heru’s defense.
Khufu’s head pounded. Blood streaked his hands, arms and shoulders. He didn’t consider whether any of it was his. Do something, he told himself. Something.
“Close in! Close in!” screeched Shaf, leading his squad from the murk and identifying the disaster on the Egyptian’s right flank. “To the King.”
Scores of Egyptians breathed their last before Shaf scraped to his father’s side and stalled the nomads.
At a second whistle, the same Tehnu force once more withdrew. Shaf blared at them, “Stay and see how you end.” He and his men again chased the nomads.
“No!” The God-king’s order disappeared into the simoom’s hiss. Khufu expected the nomads had tricked Shaf again. What could he do? I did not rear my sons to die in a desert.
Khufu gestured to Heru. “Prepare for attack.”
Again, the nomads charged out of the dark swirl on the right flank and crashed into Heru’s men. Again, Shaf trailed after and battled to regain position. Again, many Egyptians fell.
The Tehnu now had the greater numbers.
Chill began to bite as hard the Tehnu and Egyptians littering the plain as those still standing. Weapons struck without sting. Khufu sucked air before each swat. The Tehnu hacked at him from all angles. Cuts and scrapes across his body numbered as many as the fallen. His heart shuddered. What else justified a God-king to his people but the surrender of his legs and heart, arms and spirit? How do I rescue this battle with my self-sacrifice?
Hordedef sent down runners relaying a strategy to the squad leaders. The God-king approved it. By waving their arms, the leaders signaled their readiness.
With a third Tehnu whistle and retreat, no Egyptians followed. Instead, while Heru’s squad on the left flank looped to the right behind the Egyptians, the other squads shifted to the left. When the nomads this time exited the red clouds on the right flank, Heru ambushed them on the run.
The Tehnu group, surprised and perhaps fatigued by their flights against the wind and sand, were slow to respond. Their force lost cohesion. Individual nomads fought two and three Egyptians. Heru’s initial foray halved the Tehnu onto the sand. Soon, others scattered in chaos. Heru and his men pursued them and ended their nomadic ways.
With one nomad squad eliminated and Heru rejoining the main battle with scarcely a wound, the Egyptians advanced.
“Yes, yes,” Khufu said. “We will not die here.”
Vizier Shaf called, “Save the chief for me.”
The soiled air began to freeze like a final weapon. Icy sand scalloped the armies. Many nomads lost heart and broke ranks. Some hid in the red-gray clouds. Most found their final lodging.
Knock of clubs and wail of men subsided. Red frost settled, shrouding the dead and the living. When Khufu had no enemy at whom to swing his axe, it tumbled from his hands. He couldn’t catch his breath or take a step for fear of falling. His breath and bones iced.
Minutes later, when at least steady, the God-king scanned the hundreds of both armies slumping into the sand. A desert of raw ache spread before him. It dredged up the losing of his first son, blood staining the temple with slow indifference. Ka’ab’s life drifted away like a dream with no dreamer. Khufu recited the vainest prayer for his son to awaken. To be what was.
Khufu’s heart seized.
He had instructed his children since they were young, “War is the pastime of ignorant men, in peace dwell the enlightened.” In that time, he’d lost Ka’ab, Merhet, Meritates and Theormi. 
Was.
Battle muted, Khufu again heard the desert drone. It sang of his failure to raise an honorable Inundation. That truth had been fended off by his jerking himself first to the southern cataract and then to the northern desert. Separated from his Egypt, children and lover, he might as well be a nomad. The drone strengthened. He required no sun shadow to tell him the time. Two seasons had passed without proper water. Drought season swooped in for the carcass.

Hundreds of miles from Khufu in Egypt’s southern extreme, the campfire smoke of Theormi’s captors pointed down like a stabbing dagger from the bitter cold night. Nearly out of the fire’s light, she was sprawled facedown on the dirt. Only her mind moved; she searched it for escape.
Four nomads, including the one with gray eyes, sat on their haunches, passing a wine vase and boasting about their female prize. They raped a God-king’s woman. Selling her into slavery in Ta Sety—as the Ptah priests required of them, they’d use the earnings for more women. Soon, the marauders would assault her again ... at Gray Eyes’ lead.
She learned during their boasting that these men were Wawat, under orders of the Wild Man, Chief Piye. She had protected him from Egyptian invasion with her dream’s murmurings of a gold mountain.
After a slug of wine, each nomad rolled his increasingly glazed eyes over Theormi. They punched each other’s shoulders and giggled like children. Then their laughing chopped up into snorts and grunts while their punches sharpened.
This inspired Theormi with a strategy. Twisting around to gaze at the sky, she spotted Sba amenti and thought of Khufu, seeking his strength. 
The four nomads stood and circled the campfire, one chucking alcohol from the vase into it. Giant flames flared. Red shadows convulsed over the men.
Footsteps beat toward Theormi.
Gray Eyes hauled her to her feet. Her knees buckled, but Theormi stood. Her arms defied her fury to lift them high enough to claw his eyes. Yet she sliced his cheek. Grey Eyes jerked back. Cursing, he threw her to another man.
Instead of fighting this second nomad, Theormi clasped her arms around his waist. She kissed him hard on his lips, and then slid her tongue along his neck. The remaining two nomads grunted encouragement. The nomad with Theormi threw off his blanket and jammed his loincloth to one side.
Wiping at his bleeding cheek, Gray Eyes yelled, “Hey, keep passing her ... until she’s worn out and done with scratching.”
“’S ready for me.” He gripped Theormi’s tunic in his fists.
“I’m the head here,” said Gray Eyes.
But the nomad was already cocking his hips into place.
Gray Eyes grabbed the nomad’s arm. “I’m first.”
The nomad let go of Theormi. He squared to Gray Eyes. The men’s eyes glistened red. Golden firelight and black shadows flickered across their faces.
Theormi dropped to her knees. She told Grey Eyes, “You may be the boss but he’s the bull stud. I want him. He’s a real man.”
With malicious glee, the two nomads laughed at Gray Eyes. He drew a knife from his tunic. He thrust it at his foe who jumped back, fumbling in his tunic. The other two pulled out their daggers.
The foe found his dagger. He looked up. Gray Eyes plowed his knife into the foe’s belly. He pulled it out and, in the same motion, slashed it across the man’s neck. The other men closed. Each shoved his knife into Gray Eyes’ ribs. Both victims’ cries gurgled with their vomited blood. The two attackers watched their comrades sag onto the sand.
Theormi rose and ran.
The two nomads started after her. Her clumsy feet fumbled her panic for speed. A nomad tackled her. She twisted around and punched him in the jaw. With a half-shout and half-yawn, he let her go. Theormi stumbled up the sand dune and into the desert. Now in the dark and thick sand, her legs gave way. She looked back at the two wobbling after her. They closed. She didn’t scream, no one could hear.
Theormi fell. One nomad landed on her. His breath wet on her neck, he dug his fingers into her hips. She wrenched away and kicked off the other’s hand grasping her foot. The first nomad snatched her by the hair, jerked her down and began dragging her back to the fire while the other teetered alongside. One of them slapped her. She punched back. His red face spat alcoholic sweat as he tripped over his ally. Both men fell.
Theormi staggered again into the desert dark.
“Get after her.” On the ground, the men tied up with each other. “Get up.” The other only groaned. “We’re dead if we don’t catch her. If she gets ...”
Heavy steps came for Theormi. She had no place to hide other than in the dark. She dropped flat on her stomach.
“Oh Gods, oh Gods,” the nomad snorted. “Where are you, you whore?” He called to the other, “Get up, Alara. We’re dead if we don’t sell her.”
The desert lit up around Theormi. A burning stick—from the fire—twirled to the ground. “There you are, whore.”
Theormi bolted up but the nomad jumped on her. Her back cracked. They crashed to the sand. The nomad weighed her down but, as if falling into stupor, began immediately to relax.
“Oh, Gods, stay awake. Stay awake or you’re dead.” Eyes stiff with terror, he heaved her up and slapped her. She tasted her blood, then saw the man’s eyes glaze over and his lids drape down his eyes. He listed. Theormi slammed her fist on his ear. He crumpled to his knees. He gurgled, breathed hard and rolled onto his side. He snorted twice but didn’t stir. 
Theormi heard a whirring in the air. Something sliced into her back. She fell to her knees beside the snoring nomad. She reached to the wound. Blood dripped over her fingers. She saw a part of the broken wine vase beside her and turned to see the second nomad flat on the ground. He pointed at her. He laughed. His head then conked on the sand. He too began to snore.
Foolish, foolish men.
Theormi returned to the camp, grabbed any provisions she could find, mounted a donkey and rode south into the blackness. She rubbed the cut on her back until it stopped bleeding.
She looked up at the sky and, still in Egypt, thanked Khufu for his strength and cursed him for her exile.

The night’s icy teeth sharpened. His mother’s bedroom wall biting him with chill where his back propped against it, Mehi sat on the bare ground, his eyes wandering across his sleeping mother three weeks ill. She seemed good, maybe a little thin or pale, but that’s expected. Maybe the sickness had lasted longer than it should, but people get better from this. We must be patient. 
At times, Horemheb poked his head into the room. Father or son responded to the other or didn’t.
Mehi meant to comfort his mother, but something beastly hollowed him inside. He couldn’t mention it to Wabt. They seldom spoke at length about anything. He recalled that when he’d left their home today, she was sewing him a bandana.
Khety wakened before midnight. Her every movement occurred in slowed motion. Reading her hazy eyes’ gauging of the mattress, supply baskets and walls, Mehi waited. When her eyes at last came to her son, he said “Hello.” Khety only stared back, her eyes stretched and stark with confusion or alarm. She looked away. She again scanned the room.
Khety faced Mehi a second time. He repeated his hello. She looked hard at him—and then harder. Her pupils wavered. Mehi squirmed. Then, in a hesitant whisper, Khety asked her son, “Excuse me, but do I know you?”
A gasp escaped Mehi. His heart pumped. He felt like a rat underwater. He tried to say something, anything, to ease his mother—and himself—but words choked in his throat. Khety grimaced. Red eyes tearing, she dropped her head on the mattress.
Mother and son remained silent. She closed her eyes to sleep or possibly, as Mehi thought, to avoid seeing what she no longer understood. He rose soon after.
Mehi dragged into the front room.
Horemheb said, “What’s wrong?” He lunged toward Khety’s room.
“No, no, she’s fine. She just said ... she said ...”
“What?”
“She forgot who I was.”
Horemheb sighed. “I thought—“ He paused. “Tu, she’s like that. She ups and forgets me too.”
Mehi marveled that his father bothered to apologize for his mother and soothe his son. His father’s face even showed warmth. Both parents were distorting before his eyes. He knew no way to deal with this, so he seized on an old emotion. “Why didn’t you get a doctor for her?” The question seethed through his teeth.
Instantly, Horemheb’s expression narrowed. “From where, high and mighty scribe? With what?”
“I know someone.” Mehi stomped out.
Seeking Egyptian warmth in this cooling season, he headed into the red desert. Under the moonless night, Mehi scuffled through the brush and sand. Thoughts of Pabes, An-khi and his mother whirled inside him. Wind swept up. Twice, he forgot where he was headed or what he’d been thinking the moment before. In his efforts to remember, Mehi felt he was retrieving bits of a dream.
Fixing himself on moving forward so that he’d at least get somewhere, Mehi didn’t at first notice quail feeding on the ground. Suddenly within their covey, he startled them to launch into flight, their frantic flaps like whips threshing upward along him. His heart jolted. Not until the quail took flight did their image on the ground form for him. Instantly, the twin image of their feeding and flapping repeated, repeated again and again. He shut his eyes, trying to calm himself, clamping his hand to his chest, his heartbeat heaving against his palm.

When Mehi burst into Djedi and Pese’shet’s home, she was sitting in the front room. Pese’shet cut short her greeting, peered at his eyes and, without another word, bustled into the rear quarter.
Djedi bounded out, in his tunic bedclothes, Pese’shet following. “Mehi, your eyes.”
“My mother is sick.”
“Mehi, I’m sorry.”
“Come take care of her.” Mehi waved and turned back to the doorway. “Come.”
“Yes, certainly. But, I’ll take care of you first.”
“What? Let’s go.”
“Sit here,” Djedi said, indicating a pillow in front of him.
Mehi all but hopped in place. “I’m not sick. I’m not sick.”
“Sit.”
Mehi collapsed onto his haunches.
The magician held up a small faience bottle. “Put back your head.”
“Nothing’s wrong with me.”
“Back.”
Mehi grunted but angled up his face.
The magician tipped the bottle above his young friend’s right eye. 
Mehi’s legs jittered. His fingers drummed the floor. “Why be happy? What’s the difference?”
Djedi drew back.
Mehi jumped up. “My mother now.”
“Mehi, I need to examine your—”
Mehi was already halfway out the doorway.

On the way to Khety on Djedi’s donkey, Mehi said, “I want another dream.”
Djedi shook his head. “You’ve been too long brooding.”
Mehi slammed his fist on his thigh. He hadn’t been brooding—his mother was sick. Djedi would heal his mother and Mehi would shame his father. Mehi was bringing a magician; Horemheb brought no one. Mehi sniggered.
When the two entered the hut, Horemheb was gone. Djedi whisked into Khety’s room. Mehi stayed in the front, angry that his father wasn’t home for him to impress with his fetching of a doctor—the royal doctor. Mehi crossed his arms and paced.
A brief while later, the magician edged back into the front room. “Your mother’s quite ill.” Djedi positioned his hands on top of Mehi’s shoulders and fixed his eyes on Mehi’s eyes. He spoke slowly. “Mehi, I’m sorry. I wish I had something else to tell you—little can be done now.”
“You are going to help her.”
“I’ll reduce her pain but your mother’s illness is far along.”
“You’re the doctor. I brought you. Do something.” Mehi’s brow and jaw knotted. His eyes flared. “Don’t let me down, Djedi.”
The magician leaned back, appraising his friend. “The illness must run its course.”
Mehi opened out his arms. “I called you now. You’ve got to do something.”
“I’ll help her with everything I possess.”
Mehi’s breaths gnawed his throat. He had to escape the hut. He ran out. With nowhere to go.

Chill chewed Mehi. Racing the new moon as it labored to take on light, he asked neighbors if they’d seen Horemheb and asked himself, Why didn’t I bring Djedi sooner? His answer was to run faster, legs twitching. Wicked shadows were knifing across the ground when he found his father.
Dancing in an alley.
Mehi gaped. His mother was dying; his father was dancing. In Horemheb’s every step, beer sloshed from a jug he wavered. Mehi’s heart ground in his chest. His father stumbled up grinning broadly as if his son were some crony to share the jug with. Then, Horemheb recognized Mehi. He slurred, “Hey son, hey.” His eyebrows waggled over his eyes about to close into slumber. His sweet breath curdled Mehi’s stomach. 
Mehi sneered at Horemheb who was barely staying on his feet. “Don’t call me ‘son.’ I don’t know you.” He brushed past his father, hoping to knock him down.
Horemheb wheeled around toward his son, teetering on one leg. “Hey, hey.”
Mehi had, by then, cloaked himself in the black night.
He slogged to his home, the sunset chasing him. Mehi shrugged off Wabt’s offer of dinner. In a kind of sleepwalk, he bumped about the house. When will Mother get well? When will I again connect to her, Wabt, the pyramid? Still, his father’s faithlessness earned Mehi a small joy. His was the stronger love. 
Mehi flopped onto his mat. He wished for peace. Exhaustion wasted him into dream.
Chased, a red donkey runs wild in the desert. Sand kicks up from its hooves. Fleeing, fleeing, fleeing. Flying lizards swoop at it, scales dripping like drool. Tigers with eagles’ beaks, scorpions with hawks’ wings, leopards with snakeheads all chase it. Sand blocks the donkey’s path ahead. It trips and tumbles. Onto it, the beasts pounce. Ammit—part crocodile, lion and hippo—eater of the dead, is first at its heart. Growling and slavering. The animals feast—
Breathless, Mehi thrashed at a wet heat pressing on him. He woke enough to realize that he was pushing away Wabt’s sleeping body.


Chapter 19
BROKEN MORNINGS
Wrapped around with rags in the freezing dawn, Mehi lay unsleeping in his parents’ front room listening to his mother’s wet, labored breathing from the back room. On each breath, she choked. Between every gasp that followed, a desolate silence ached. Khety’s choking chopped Mehi’s sleep into jagged dreams of falling from pyramids, hanging from oars and the whipping of pigs. While the dawn through the high windows was still too weak to light the talismans on the opposite wall, fresh sweat slickened him where dried sweat didn’t chill him. 
Mehi rose with his wrappings and stepped over his father, snoring on the floor, then into his mother’s room. He sat on the floor beside her. Khety’s thin face fought for a softer rest. Cheeks, chin and brow jutted sharp and hard. She darkened as if lights inside her failed, spilling shadows into the room. That she had lost so much weight and still survived showed how much fight she had.
She’ll beat this.
The night before, neighbors spoke with Horemheb about funeral preparation; they hadn’t heard his mother’s promise to Mehi that she’d get well. She will waken any minute with a bright face, smile for Mehi, and call him “Darling.” And he would slide into her hand the wooden carving of the God Bes he had recovered from the prostitute.
Horemheb tiptoed inside the room just enough to lean on its wall. He sighed. Mehi wouldn’t look at him. His father had caused Khety’s illness. Then he danced.
Father, mother and son waited together.

Horemheb said, “It’s almost time.”
Mehi glowered at him with a rage he was proud to have. How could his father be ready for this? Mehi swore he could hear the whir of a simoom inside him. It hallowed him of any substance.
“I wish your brother was here,” Horemheb mumbled. “He should be here.”
“My brother?”
“He’s doing good, though. On the King’s caravans.”
Mehi nearly laughed. He’d forgotten ... Sebek. “Sebek ran away.”
“He must be too important to come home right now.”
Mehi’s need to scream knotted in his gut. Sebek hated his father and he‘d left, but he’s still the hero.

Mehi stood in Djedi’s courtyard. He couldn’t recall his path getting there.
The home was calm. Calm as people walking by a river where below the surface a drowning man called out. The feeling of water filling his mouth, his lungs—
Mehi heard a scream echo against the courtyard’s walls. But no one else was nearby. Was that my scream?
“Mehi,” said Djedi from his doorway, eyes wide. The magician came up to his friend, cuddling him in his arms and chest. He pulled back to inspect Mehi’s eyes. “The shesm-t is better, a little.” He eased Mehi into his home. “How is your mother?”
The question churned in Mehi’s gut. Djedi should know the answer; he said she’d die.
Pese’shet sat down and smoothed the pillow beside her. “Come. Sit with us.”
Mehi stayed on his feet. “What are you doing?”
“What, Mehi?”
“I mean, you were just sleeping.”
Pese’shet reached out and patted his hand. To Mehi, it felt like a slap. “I just want to know ... I can’t sleep ... like I’m cut loose, but you are ... undisturbed.”
“Your mother is special,” said Djedi, eyeing his friend. “We grieve with you.”
It took a few moments for Mehi to hear what Djedi had said. “Are you? Grieving? Do you even know what it is?”
Pese’shet reached out to rub Mehi’s back. His back stung where she touched it. He jerked away from her reach. 
“Sit, Mehi, please. We’re hurting for you.”
“What? What?”
“We grieve for the loss of your smile.”
“My smile. That’s always said. ‘There’s that boy Mehi with that boy’s smile.’ I hate it. What good is it?”
“You want to argue, is that it?”
“You’re a magician. The God-king’s magician. What did you do? Nothing. You’re a fake. Who believes in anything?”
Pese’shet said, “Sit with us.”
Mehi shook his head.
Djedi spread his huge hands toward his friend. “Mehi, try to grieve. Don’t let this anger take root in you.”
Mehi sensed something tear in him, like a bone breaking and ripping into his gut. His arms whipped out—to balance himself or to strike something. “You’re not upset. You’re not upset at all.”
“We are.” Djedi touched Mehi on the arm. “Be upset with me. We’ll work that out. But anger at the world will dry you up like the desert.”
Mehi didn’t know what had been just said. It was as if he were listening through mummy wrappings. He ran from the house.

Numb as death, Mehi lumbered back to his mother’s home. In the alley, he halted—neighbors, bowed and silent, walked inside. Mehi rapped his fists on his thighs. He tried to run but stumbled. His heels thudded into the dirt.
Mehi shuffled into the front room, avoiding the neighbors’ faces. Their condolences floated in the air. He disregarded them. He wanted to sit again by the side of his dark mother.
When in her room, he saw that Khety wasn’t in her bed. She’s awake? She’s well?
Horemheb stood in the room, back turned to his son. Mehi peeked around him. His fixed feet prevented him from seeing his mother—certainly smiling for him—as Horemheb covered her on the floor with a blanket.
Horemheb revolved around to Mehi. “Oh, son ...” His father glided the two steps to him and bent down as if to a child. “No sound comes from her.”
Not wanting to understand those words, Mehi moved away so Horemheb wouldn’t repeat them.
More neighbors and relatives crowded into the front room. Someone fetched a donkey. Things would have to proceed quickly even in the cool season. 
Mehi moved as if submerged in dark water.
Horemheb said, rubbing his head, “These people here—reminds me of the party when Sebek was born. Your mother loved parties. She loved the bustle and chatter. We should’ve had more.”
“Were there neighbors at my birth?”
Horemheb frowned. “Yes. Yes.”
Mehi was sure his father didn’t remember.
Horemheb held his son’s eyes with his own. “You must be both you and your brother today.”
Yes, Father, I’m here, but you want me to be him. What if I had run off?
“We should greet our guests now.”
Mehi hated facing those people. “I’ll be out.” Alone with his mother, he had little to do except look upon her—but he didn’t. He stared at the wall.
When Mehi went into the front room, all heads turned to him. His father, leaning in a corner with arms folded, kept to himself. Mehi sat in the one open place on the floor. Khety’s cat, a gift from An-khi, sauntered to him. It caused him to realize he was in his dead mother’s place, where she sat making amulets following the evening meal. Guests had probably left it in respect for her. The cat jumped onto his lap. It pricked his thighs, then curled down, satisfied it had recaptured Khety’s lap. His heart strained as if weighted down under rocks.
Guests visited Mehi with well wishes. They even made him smile. One told him that Khety “woke in the morning reaching for a hoe to help in the fields and to be with friends. A good woman.”
As much as each story brought her to life, each reminded Mehi that she was dead.
One older neighbor that Mehi hardly knew waved away someone to take his place next to Mehi. “The body is preserved naturally,” the old man said with a soothing tone and bright eye. “In the hot sand, the fluids drain fast, keeping the body from—well, from what it would do otherwise.”
Mehi barely heard. What mattered?
The neighbors rose and filed through the front door. Men carrying Khety followed. Horemheb carried his wife’s robe. “Are you going to bring something?” Horemheb could remember things like the custom of burying prized possessions with the dead. Mehi returned from Khety’s room with the God Bes carving. He’d return it to his mother after all.
Horemheb paused for his son so they could walk outside together.

Encircling the grave in the bright desert, several neighbors offered praise. Khety “loved her sons, honored her husband, and never diverted a neighbor’s water for her own use.” Mehi listened as if from a distance. His senses fled from him like a sleeper flees the world. Time with its burying of mothers passed like a wind outside of him. He couldn’t feel his feet or hands. Was his heart beating? Did he have language? His love for his vanishing mother wasted with nowhere to go. His mind weighed an image of the Nile turned to stone. He forgot when it and he were alive.
They lowered Khety. A red shadow of the desert crossed her face.

When alone again in his parents’ doorway, Mehi thought he saw Khety’s shadow in the back room. He peered into the shadows.
Can I run away? Escape. Sleep. Some rest.

The simoom seeming to blow at him from three directions, Mehi arrived at his hut in the gloaming. Inside, he scanned the rooms. Wabt was not home. How can she be gone now—the first time I need her?
About to pound his fist against a wall, Mehi found a message from his wife on a piece of pottery near the doorway. He didn’t know she could write. It read: “Mehi, husband. I am not here anymore. Find a woman to please you. Wabt.”
Mehi ran out into the wind yelling for her, his sound dissolving around him. He returned and re-read the message. Someone must’ve written it for her. She’d never say that. Yet she wasn’t home. How long had she been gone? He hadn’t been home for ... a week? Did Wabt even know his mother was dead?
Through gaps in the hut’s thatch roof, the simoom forked into the room. The day darkened. Sick weight like a rotting pig sunk in Mehi. He squatted on the floor. He guessed it was dinnertime.
Mehi waited—for anything.
Khety’s cat darted in from the wind. No one had fed it at Khety’s house since ... Dismissing Mehi with a toss of its head, the cat minced past and looked for his wife. Mehi chuckled knowing the cat would not locate Wabt or food in this dark hut. Its tail in the air, this animal pranced like a noble. Like it was better than anything else. Like it couldn’t feel pain. Untouchable.
The cat sauntered toward Mehi and eyed him with cool contempt. It would tolerate Mehi if he gave it food. Rage fired Mehi’s heart; he aroused himself by it. He hated that cat. An-khi’s cat. She had given it to his mother, like he had given the necklace—that she rejected—to An-khi. The cat should hurt like he hurt.
Quicker than Mehi could react, the cat turned, hitched its tail in the air and aimed its anus at Mehi. He suddenly felt—anguished to feel—longing. Anger and longing. He mustn’t feel this.
Mehi wanted to caress. Needed to stroke his aching fingers along warm skin. Only that would bridge him to himself.
I can do something.
Mehi stood. At the cat, he took dead aim.

Two months after her exile, dawn lighting only the left side of her face, Theormi sat on her donkey bloodied and homeless but free. She overlooked a wadi, a dry riverbed, at Egypt’s southern border. Behind her—beyond the dirt, sand and scrub—was the home she’d always hoped for and had come to love; ahead was the unknown. She blamed Khufu for sending her here. She blamed him for leading her to believe she could become a queen. 
Love of you mixes in me
like flour in bread
Yet my heart burns like the South,
Black and deserted
Oh, be like armies charging in battle
To defend your love
She blamed him.
Theormi kicked the donkey west, setting out at a run. She’d straddle the border by following the wadi west to the Nile for its food and water. She guessed it was twenty, thirty miles. 
Nomads also might be moving along it.
But throughout the day seeing nothing but light-gray sand, scurrying lizards and an empty sky, Theormi began to long for another human, even a nomad. Lions roared, vultures cawed, the donkey whined. Through her torn tunic, the sun puckered her skin. Her swollen tongue throbbed, but she wouldn’t need a tongue if she never saw a human again. 
The next morning, the sun blazed so hot, Theormi felt her hair was shriveling back into her head.
She’d laid in dry weeds, using them to wipe off her sweat and blood. Cheetahs, hyenas and jackals in the surrounding wild might have caught her scent and come for her. Their growls and the cries of desert hares had split the night—life and death sorting out themselves. Throughout, orange eyes flickered. She hadn’t slept.
By high afternoon, the first cataract’s black granite cliffs came into view. Palm trees dotted the intervening hills. The donkey brayed. It must smell the water. To reach it required circling the cliffs to the south and leaving Egypt. Theormi sighed and turned the donkey south. 
Three hours later, she and the donkey, which she’d begun to call “Little Queen,” climbed down a rocky hill to a quiet spilling of the river. She grinned for its plashing sounds, careful not to surprise any creature that might be at drink. At the water’s edge, Theormi flopped facedown into the water, gulping as fast as she could, looking up for a crocodile, then gulped again, little Queen alike beside her.
Calmed by the sloshing in her stomach, Theormi waded in and soothed her feet in the Nile mud. She rolled water down her arms and legs.
Once she was clean, hunger twisted in her. Little Queen munched on papyrus sedge while Theormi stepped into deeper water. She spread her legs, waiting for fish to swim between them. She crouched for an hour, two. The first fish, a catfish, wiggled through her stabbing hands. Then another. Her feet numbed, thighs cramped and back creaked. Skin on her shoulders began to bubble red. Twilight was falling when Theormi finally snagged a tiny silversides by the tail and heaved it up onto shore. She shouted and clapped. She would live another day.
Theormi started a fire. Some months before on an excursion miles from Annu, she sat side by side with Khufu in the night, blowing sparks from smoldering sticks onto dry weeds. The two of them alone. Tonight, she felt as lonely as the blackness between stars.
The next day, clomping south along the river, she ventured into Ta Sety where Egypt’s God-kings originated. Mid-morning, she came to a settlement—of the Wawat she learned. Several women beat bloody hides with rocks. Theormi showed her open hand to them. They squinted over her, then squalled something in their language and pointed south. She guessed they meant that something waited for her there or that she wasn’t wanted here.
When she got the same reception at the next settlement, she yelled back. One woman shoved her. Theormi wrestled her into the water.
The next people she came to were the Medja. Their name, similar to Khufu’s sacred one, had appeared in one of her dreams. That had caused her to investigate the Medja by interviewing Egyptian traders who had dealt with the tribe. She’d learned little. Except, when in their province, she concluded she shouldn’t address anyone but quietly join their workings. 
In exchange for scraps of food, Theormi caught catfish, cut and threshed barley, scooped up and removed cattle manure into the barley fields. When the Medja removed ticks from their cattle, she noticed that they pinched off just the body. Her studies in Egypt had informed her that infection often resulted when the head remained in the cow. So, as others watched, Theormi struck a heated rock she held with a thick hide at a still-imbedded tick. It jumped out whole. She stomped on it. By late afternoon, two Medja women worked with Theormi, preventing the cattle from seeing her approach.
Nevertheless, she was a “strange woman.” The Medja wouldn’t let her sleep near them. Theormi made a bed of grass outside the village and listened to the nocturnal animals move in the desert. She also heard Khufu’s sacred name—Medjau—repeating in her head. Possibly a blessing of her new home.

As night finally relinquished its grip on the Giza plateau, An-khi welcomed God-king Khufu and his entourage to his pyramid. This was her first ceremonial duty as Governor of the First Province. Khufu’s entourage included Prince Hordedef, who had endorsed her petition to succeed her father as governor. Also, Hordedef had invited her here. His papyrus invitation read that God-king Khufu would come to “witness the dawn on his pyramid’s faces that would renew him like the waves of floodtime.”
Indeed, a few days before, Vizier Shaf had visited An-khi in the treasury building and relayed to her the scything effects upon Khufu of his recent tragedies. The number of times, seven, that the vizier cautioned her against repeating his report to anyone suggested to her that he meant for her to do just the opposite. An-khi understood that Shaf was taking the same message to all forty-one governors to, no doubt, promote his fame by spreading suspicion regarding his father. Still, Shaf’s report wasn’t inaccurate. Watching the God-king borne ashore on his palanquin, she thought he was scythed to the bone. Almost gaunt. How much was left for the scythe to reap?
From the quay and toward the pyramid up the granite avenue, Governor An-khi proceeded beside the God-king, Hordedef and Vizier Shaf as well as sixteen spear-carrying bodyguards and sixteen servants holding bowl-shaped lamps. They approached the initial work area where, during the day, year-round crews refined stone blocks. As the lamps rose and fell in the servants’ strides, their light cast the blocks into wavering and watery images. After a few steps more, An-khi noticed an odor souring the air. Then, without order, the God-king’s carriers halted. Khufu huffed for this breach.
Just within the lamplight, twenty feet ahead and ten feet up on an oar stuck in the ground, a dead man hung. Arms roped straight up and mouth fallen open, the corpse appeared to be yelling. The face was stripped of nose, tongue, lips and ears. Only its eyes remained in its mutilation to glower down on the wicked.
The lamp attendants backed away. “It speaks a demon’s oath.” “Hide your face before it sees you.”
“Stay where you are,” Shaf charged them. “You superstitious insects.”
Most continued to draw backward. Others whined, “Evil.”
“Guards.” The guards lowered spears at the faltering attendants who fell to their knees rather than move nearer the hanged man.
Shaf directed two guards forward with him, holding out a lamp toward the corpse. A sign dangled from its neck.
“Report, vizier,” demanded Khufu. “Does the sign say ‘Determined’?”
Sebek paused. “Yes, Sire. How did you—“
“I first met this face at my Heb-Sed.”
Shaf yelled, “The tem Ptah priests.” He stomped about, apparently looking for more signs of the priests.
“Considering our guest’s comfort,” called Hordedef, sweeping his hand in An-khi’s direction, “we might conclude our tour for today.” 
An-khi expected that Hordedef meant to limit further public comment about conflict between the Per-O and the Hituptah priests. 
Shaf glanced at An-khi. “Very well.”
Khufu returned to his barque without seeing the dawn illuminate his pyramid.

Mid-morning a week later, Khufu sat stiff on his gold throne in the Throne Room while the royal officers awaited him on the facing bench. Vizier Shaf stood idly before his brothers, papyrus report drooping in his hand. Instead of signaling the meeting to begin, Khufu moored on the horrid face of the hanging man. At the Heb-Sed, before the man’s chisel struck down, the God-king had assumed his magical immortality. But, by the hate glinting in its eye and chisel, Khufu had doubted it. Does the warrior yet dwell in me; do I yet possess Egypt’s Netri?
That face, now mutilated, had revived his doubt.
Surely, the Ptah priests had kept the man alive—until they were ready to hang him from that oar. Yet, they did not send the “Determined” packages. Body parts had arrived in a steady stream twice a month. The last contained a thumb, arriving just before Prince Merhet began his exile. At that boundary stone, the packages stopped arriving. Khufu concluded that Merhet had been in league with the Ptah priests and they had allowed him his grotesqueries on the young man’s person.
How much longer would the Gods plague him for his not creating children in perfect love? He measured it by the cataract water’s ever-deepening plunge, like a chisel, into his ear. 
Chamberlain Ramose rushed into the suite, pale and trembling. “Dear Majesty, princes, bad reports. Terrible.”
Khufu closed his eyes. He feared the worst—Merhet and Theormi. Drought season.
Hordedef rose up. Shaf said, “Out with it.”
“The caravan that escorted Prince Merhet ... awful. The foreman a few minutes ago returned to the Per-O.”
“Not the dragoman?”
Ramose’s voice choked. “He succumbed in the attack.”
Faces white, the officers gaped at the chamberlain. The God-king dropped his head.

When the royal officers had re-gathered in the Throne Room, Khufu on his gold throne and the princes on the facing bench, Ramose dragged into the chamber. Behind him, the caravan’s foreman strutted onto the whitewashed floor and smiled grandly. Hordedef peered at him.
Khufu squinted at the foreman. “We recognize you, don’t we, foreman?”
“Truly you do, Majesty,” he said. “In the southern desert, I enjoyed the extreme pleasure of helping in a modest way the great and good God-king Khufu.”
“The goldmine. You uncovered Theormi’s goldmine.” The God-king thought he saw the foreman flinch at hearing Theormi’s name before bowing to the floor.
“Sebek, by name, Sire,” Hordedef said.
“So you are a foreman. Good. You bring more gold for your King?”
Sebek pressed back his shoulders. “Great God-king Khufu, I trust I will bring fair tidings to you in the future, but, tragically, not, I fear, in this instance.”
Hordedef stepped forward. “Should you please, Majesty, I’ll speak with the foreman and prepare him, for brevity’s sake. He’s new to the court and—”
“I want his words now. Continue foreman. And speak more loudly for your God-king to hear.”
Sebek began by telling how Prince Merhet had spoken with reverence for his God-king and father. Memorably, the prince said that he “mourned that he didn’t have five lives to redeem his every wrong.” The foreman relayed how the prince had suspected the nomads’ ambush in the pass, created a procedure that saved the riders and, when the dragoman perished, assumed command to become their champion.
Khufu felt himself set adrift in desert waste. 
Sebek said, “Though I begged him to flee for the good of Egypt, good Prince Merhet refused. The hero prince valiantly and single-handedly fended off three nomads, then four more. Those nomads roused a tiger when they latched onto this grand prince.”
Upon each detail, Khufu darkened inside like sand was clotting in his veins.
The second prince said, “Speak more rapidly. Omit these dramatic points.”
“As you wish,” Sebek said, “but the end is most grim to recount regardless. I witnessed Prince Merhet’s final stand as tragic finales await every hero. For don’t heroes prove their distinction from mere mortals at that very boundary that divides life from death?” 
Khufu nodded.
“For pity’s sake,” said Hordedef to the foreman, glancing at his father.
“The prince vanquished another five of the vile barbarians before he joined them on the wet sand.”
“Wet sand?”
“Wet with his blood, Sire.” Sebek paused. “This marked the end of great, heroic Prince Merhet.”
Khufu no longer felt Merhet’s steps resound in his feet. He heard the desert song. Hordedef’s mouth moved without sound as Shaf buried his face in his hands.
“Once honoring the prince’s body,” Sebek continued, “I made way to rescue the woman Theormi taken from us. When I located her, she was enduring that severest cruelty perpetuated against woman by the hands and bodies of the wicked nomads. God-king, your Majesty, I am by Theormi’s promise bound to relay that her final words regarded the great God-king Khufu.”
Khufu dismissed Sebek’s small smile and leaned toward him. “What words? What words?”
“At first, I should mention the manner in which the lady came to her last breath.”
“Quick!”
“I caught the eye of this noble, heroic lady. She nodded to me her wish to end her misery. Such was the suffering of this poor woman that I immediately grabbed up my knife and ran like a wind through the camp for her. When I drew up the instrument of her mercy, she steadied her chest, nay, even propelled it, and thrust up her heart, in its final pulses on earth, into the path of the downward arcing blade. The nomads could not even grunt a protest at my incursion before Theormi relayed her loving, last words.”
“The words!”
Sebek drew a longer pause. “Even with breath as thin as air, she expressed her passion so boldly that it all but overpowered her heavenly words, words of the most dazzling sentiment I could ever dream of hearing. She conveyed to my ear upon her lips a supreme sweetness available only to one completely abandoned to love. One who deserved a better fate.”
The bottom of darkness reached for Khufu, red sand packing over his eyes. “What words, tem you.”
Sebek took a long, slow breath. “She said, ‘I was content.’”
Through red strain, Khufu’s eyes stared at the floor without seeing. He’d put his loves at a distance as he always had. In exile. He’d permitted Queen Meritates to triumph. The needs of Khufu the man bowed before the needs of Khufu the God-king. Because of the Gods’ blood.
Would his magic endure the deaths of his lover and a second son?
With a weak wave, Khufu said, “I declare you dragoman. Off to your business.”
Sebek clapped his hands to his cheeks before lunging toward Khufu with arms out as if to embrace him. Guards restrained the new dragoman. “Thank you, vast Sire. Thank you, Khufu, thank you.”
Guards escorted Dragoman Sebek from the chamber.
As the other officers moaned and wiped eyes, Hordedef hissed, “That Sebek should be flogged for his embellishments.”
On his throne, Khufu surveyed his hands, flipping them back to front. “What a merry fiction the foreman has delivered to us.”
Shaf said, “You don’t believe his story?”
Hordedef said, “But, Sire, you granted the man such tribute.”
God-king Khufu’s eyes slung low. “Sons,” he started, glancing up, “I now have the measure of my cruelty. If I had been the father my sons deserve, this story of hero Prince Merhet could have been true.”
The princes stilled.
After a minute, Khufu said, “Send for Heru. I want to tell him the tale of his hero twin.”


Chapter 20
LINGERING EVENINGS
At Vizier Shaf’s devising, God-king Khufu ran with the desert beasts. In twilight on the northern oasis plain near Lake She-resy, the God-king chased a pride of ostrich through high, dry weeds and long shadows. While a zeal of zebra skittered away to a wary distance, three royal runners with five yapping greyhounds herded the ostrich toward Khufu. He concealed his human odor downwind. The wind resisted him, but he ran fast enough that to his eye his surroundings blurred. Hardpan cracked under his feet. Weeds gave way to his churning thighs. Under the crisp, clear sky, he imagined himself young again, escaping time. He existed as another wild beast competing to live another day.
Still, the day was closing and he had not yet brought down a single animal.
Yesterday, Hordedef had warned his father against this hunt, suggesting Shaf was maneuvering him politically. The vizier had invited forty nobles, one from each province, and clustered them at a vantage point nearby. Hordjedef noted Khufu’s “natural if temporary” physical decline due to the loss of Prince Merhet. Even while agreeing with his eldest, Khufu, as Egypt’s God-king, felt he must accede to the challenge. The more witnesses the better. Not so many decades ago, Egypt’s best hunter became its ruler.
The ostriches’ bare legs stomping the ground with huge claws, Khufu fought his body’s stiff, side-to-side swaying. “Haw.” He targeted what his eyes made out as an eight-foot height of black feathers veering to his left, separating from the pride. An attendant handed him a flint spear. Panting, Khufu pushed up the weapon. It teetered in his hand. Attendants pulled back from the God-king’s shaky aim. He steadied himself. He threw. The flinthead only nicked the ostrich’s leg.
“Another spear,” Khufu wheezed into the wind. Before aiming, he let fly the second spear. It wobbled and dove down, stubbing the dirt behind the ostrich. The animal clomped off.
The God-king watched the ostrich rejoin its pride. He slowed and then stopped altogether. His attendants edged away, not wanting to meet their God-king’s eyes. Khufu bent down and clutched his knees, his chest smarting for breath.
Shaf on foot and Hordedef on his palanquin drew alongside their father. Hordedef asked, “Shall we round them up, Majesty?” 
Their father straightened with ragged breaths, legs straining, back knotted and heartbeat wild. The pain in his ear throbbed as hard as his heartbeat. Perspiration streamed down his wrinkles. Sucking for breath, he looked to where the nobles leaned together in pods watching the King and whispering. Perhaps Hordedef was correct; perhaps his body would require more time to recover from the loss of loves.
Khufu smiled. “This would not be pleasurable if it were easy. Gather them again.”
But he could not outrun the ostrich or the dark. The nobles shook their heads.
When it was finally too dark to hunt, Hordedef, now standing with a cane, said to his father, “The wind made hunting impossible today.”
Vizier Shaf said, “God-kings are not allowed loss of potency.”
Khufu nodded. He agreed with his second son.
Chamberlain Ramose came up to the royal officers to announce the arrival of a royal runner, who kissed the ground.
Hordedef’s brows jammed between his eyes. “Shaf, what is this? Another bad report finding Khufu in the field?”
Vizier Shaf shrugged.
Ramose said, “I apologize, prince. Grain in the south and fowl in the north are tardy in arriving at the pyramid site.”
“No food for the gangs?” Khufu flung up his arms.
“Barges of wheat and barley have capsized at the Zawty wharf while damage to pens in Hebyt allowed two thousand fowl to escape. Divers found holes cut into the barges.”
“Sabotage,” Hordedef said.
“Tem, tem,” the King cursed.
“There is sufficient grain to feed the pyramid gangs for but three days.”
“Three days?” Khufu and Hordedef said in unison. Thrusting his fist through the air, the God-king declared, “Prince Hordedef will immediately acquire food for the gangs.”
Hordedef had already turned to Shaf. “Why, vizier, are these reports reaching Father where they can be witnessed by citizens.”
Shaf bowed. “Shouldn’t these reports find the King where he is? The actionable news is timely.”
“Rather, the sabotage was timely.”
“Do you impute me with sabotaging the barges?”
“You or your mercenaries.”
“Boys,” Khufu said.
“Show me your proof.”
“I show you your ambition. It almost killed us against the Tehnu.”
“Killed us? You watched from your nursery room perch.”
Hordedef swung a fist at his brother. Shaf ducked but the blow caught him on the forehead. Head down, Shaf speared himself at his brother, striking Hordedef’s chin with the crown of his head, and then brought his arm up to slug his brother. Hordjedef grabbed the arm and the two men tumbled down.
“Princes!” Bending over them, Khufu flailed his arms trying to grab theirs.
Grunting and cursing, the two princes rolled on the ground, their once-bright robes blemished with thistles and dirt. When Shaf rolled on top, Khufu grabbed his collar, yanked it back and slammed his fist right on the vizier’s nose.
Shaf let go of Hordedef. He rubbed his nose. “Father?”
“You will get food to the gangs. Now. Go.”
Shaf stood. Once on his palanquin, he made off with his entourage of aides.
Khufu helped Hordedef from the ground. 
“Sire, you struck the vizier.”
“At least I hit something today.”
“But Shaf’s plan to discredit you might be effective. The nobles will carry the message of today’s hunt throughout their provinces.”
“That gaggle? They’ll spill their loose bowels everywhere. The God-king will have to be ever more perfect.”

In the weeks after her arrival at the Medja settlement, Theormi helped cook their meals, sprinkling in wild mustard and marjoram; crafted ceremonial headgear for the tribe’s harvest festival; and toted water to sentries at remote western outposts along the border of their enemy the Wawat tribe, where few other Medja ventured. These tasks allowed her to visit all reaches of the tribe. 
Then she made a personal connection.
One evening, standing outside the tribe’s campfire meeting in the dirt clearing, Theormi saw a baby sickened with symptoms that she recognized as those Magician Djedi had described to her regarding one of his patients. Deciding she must intervene with the baby, she roamed into the wild to collect fever leaf, black pepper and wild honey. She then explained to the baby’s mother how to process and apply them. A day or two later, when the baby recovered, the mother expressed her gratitude by looking into Theormi’s eyes as if seeing her for the first time. 
That night, beside their central campfire, Theormi stood up before the tribe including their aged Chief Taharqa. She waved part of a honeycomb she had that afternoon shinnied up a tamarisk to nab, dulling the bees with a smoking stick. She dabbed honey onto her forearm. The villagers pointed at the strange woman and laughed. 
To entice them to focus on her lesson, she passed around the comb. They giggled for the treat. Soon, ten mosquitoes danced in the honey on Theormi’s forearm. She grabbed warm ash from the fire and rubbed it over the smear of honey, driving off the mosquitoes. She held out her arm. She then washed off the ash and exposed the honey. No mosquito returned. Villagers rushed up. They poked at her forearm or stared at it and each other. Meanwhile, mosquitoes swarmed over the honey on their hands and chins. They ran to swipe ash on themselves. In moments, they were throwing ash at each other, giggling like children.
Seeing the new knowledge working in their eyes, even through their play, Theormi proceeded by picking up an infant and rubbing it with ash. The villagers chattered, passed the infant amongst them, explaining to each other in squeals how the ash shielded the child from mosquitoes and their diseases. The group cheered the strange woman, squeezed her hand and took turns dancing with her.
The mother of the sick baby, its fever now passed, picked up a bedmat, walked to Theormi and pointed to the ground next to the fire. Still sitting, Chief Taharqa nodded his approval. Theormi could sleep that night as one of the Medja.
When the Medja had quieted and retired to their huts, the mother stayed with Theormi.
Rocking her baby to sleep, she began singing. The song soothed Theormi too. She had not only a home but a family. Falling into a happy drowsing, the mother’s melody and words played in her ears. She began to anticipate the song’s progression. Soon she was singing with the mother. With a start, Theormi realized this song was one that she’d sung to the son of Khufu’s gardener, a song she didn’t remember until she’d started singing it. The mother finished her song. Theormi began another lullaby that occurred to her. The mother smiled and hummed it with her. 
Theormi had learned the songs here. If she had once lived here with the Medja as a native or a slave, she didn’t know. She didn’t care.

Fighting the wind, Mehi dragged along the Nile at sundown. The simoom wasted the river like the carcass of a fluke. Out of the bogs, it shucked mites by the thousands. People in twos and threes stood by wailing as if to a lost love, begging for the Inundation to return, knowing time alone could return it. But time had shriveled to a standstill. Dead as a desert. Mehi expected that the word “desert,” ntt mu, was linked to “motherless,” ntt mut, by loneliness.
Earlier in the day, Mehi learned that An-khi’s father had died. It wasn’t An-khi who told him. An-khi didn’t care whether he knew she was free of marrying her father. Even his mother’s death, which she as governor would know about, hadn’t been enough for her to visit him. And to see her, even to pay his respects, would have gutted him. And there, inside him, spread a dead, motherless desert. 
If Mehi could, he would have stabbed the wind. Strike it, hurt it, cripple it. It blew away sound, isolating him in silence. Grit scratched into his eyes, nostrils and mouth. He could only wrestle against it on his route to his dead mother’s house. Mehi needed a question answered there.
He shouldered through the entry, slapping off dirt.
Horemheb sat hunched in a corner, a wet jug of beer beside him. Looking up, eyes unfocused, he said “Senbeb” too loudly.
Mehi may have grunted in response. He dropped to the floor in the opposite corner. The two men gazed at the ground. Outside, blown sand scratched the hut. Mehi sunk back. Listening to the simoom, he lost track of time and drifted like the sand. 
Horemheb broke the silence. Slurring his words, he spoke more to himself than Mehi. “How ’bout that dog at the burial?”
Mehi barely listened. He waited with his own question.
“An animal’s followed me ... all m’ life. I don’t know. Without those beasts, my life wouldn’t be the same.” Horemheb cast eyes toward his son. “It’s funny, isn’t it?”
“What in hatestt are you talking about?”
“That animal. Khety dies and there’s this crazy beast again. Happened the night I married her too.” 
Mehi didn’t react. 
“Right, what of it?” Horemheb took a swig from the jug and wiped his mouth. “Who cares about a dog who shows up on your wedding night and then right after your only wife dies?”
“I recall no animal present at the funeral.”
“What’s that fancy talk, big scribe? ‘I recall no animal present.’”
Mehi’s jaw set. “If you want me to go, I’ll go now.” He hadn’t asked his question yet.
Horemheb wagged his hand. “It’s just that crazy animal the other day and I’ve been drinking a little. You know. Did I ever tell you about the wedding night I walked to your mother’s folks and came home with her to my house? There was a dog then too.”
Intent on the simoom, Mehi said, “I see.”
“You want to hear this?”
Mehi was ready to ask his question. “Do you think she remembers me?”
Horemheb dropped his head but angled a glare up at his son.
“It’s said that facing her body to the east, she’ll be able to watch over us—like a sunset. Does she remember me?”
“How should I know? Go ask a dead man.” Horemheb immediately shook his head as if to take back his words, but Mehi snapped to his feet and began to leave the hut. His father staggered up, stretching out his arms and hands to his son. “I loved her. I don’t now.”
Mehi spun on his father. “I love her. I still love her. I’ll go on loving her.” He marched out the door.
“I’m not saying it right,” Horemheb said, chasing his son despite his drunkenness. “I don’t get to love her now. I don’t have her to love—now.”
Heading into a night’s cold wind whipping sand at him and the first-quarter moon etching itself into the lapis sky like a hieroglyph, Mehi could ignore his father’s words. Crazy old man. There wasn’t any dog at her funeral. Still, Mehi had missed large parts of that day.
Muddy clouds spewing muddier clouds over him, Mehi wandered into desert scrub and scree toward rocky hills. Beyond was open desert. Sweat slithered along his flesh like bugs. A hot breeze pasted grit on him. Lowering his head, Mehi straggled like a sick pig higher into the hills. A retching of clouds blotted out the moon. They choked the sky, distending not only across the horizon but down upon him.
Should it be this dark already?
Mehi rubbed at an odd tingling in his skin. He smelled something musty, dirty. Or did he? Troubled, he glanced up, worrying why everything had gone so quiet. The wind spiked. Gloom descended on every side. He stopped climbing. He gaped around him at the steeping dark his mouth opening and closing like a fish. His sweat thickened.
At Mehi, clouds projected out of the darkness. Like a knot of worms cast into sunlight, they convulsed, bloated and oozing. Flashes. Lightning gashed the sky. Then a boom—like a God stomping the earth—shook him and the ground beneath him.
Mehi’s flesh shook but his heart stopped a beat. He reeled sideways. Rain began to bombard his head and shoulders. Striking everywhere at once and faster than the baked ground could absorb, it also swirled under and around him. This was the month when rain fell, but he’d never seen a storm like this.
Another zigzag blasted the sky. Hot, fiery. In an instant, the Gods’ bellow rocked Mehi’s chest.
He sought safety. Somewhere. His sopping skirt wrapped around his thighs, staggering him. Rain drummed his ears. It struck like the stings of bees. He couldn’t think. Water gushed over his ankles and mud spurted on him. More savage light stunned him into a retreat down the mud. Then, blackness. Panting, slipping again and again, edging backward, Mehi palmed the rock’s spurs, eyes stinging and heart throbbing.
The next bellow pummeled his ears. He couldn’t hear anything for several minutes. His mother had told him that on the day of his birth, lightning struck every part of Egypt because Gods had paraded across the nation. Gods alone could survive this. 
Mehi searched for a path out. None. Only more blackness.
The next thing he knew was his struggle to stand. He didn’t remember falling. Mehi scraped mud from his eyes. Mud whirled and constricted around his feet. Lightning bolts crisscrossed. Like war axes each battled for the sky. Cliffs and sky fused in a ghastly mass.
Down the hill, Mehi made out a gray shade in the murk. He scrambled for it, joints stiff with fear. Three times tripping onto all fours, he finally crawled until he could brace himself on the rock cliff. Water cascaded off the crags onto his head and shoulders. The pale shade appeared toward his right.
Roar—a terrible new roar. Mehi shook with its vibrations as much as its sound. This wasn’t thunder but water. Rumbling, rapid water.
Mehi pressed against the rock. It sliced his shoulders. Torrents scooped the ground under his feet. He slipped, knees smacking the ground. The rock and ground vibrated. Deafening, the roar grew from the blackness. In the surge, his body began to twist and slide. Trying to stop himself, he slammed his hands down, but his one escape was down the hill. He rose but collapsed on his first step, the muddy stream as fast as the rain. He managed merely to clutch the rock and wait.
His wait wasn’t long. The din blasted into shrieks of a thousand Gods. Mehi heard nothing of his own scream. Flood swept away him quicker than he knew. His hands flung out in vain for any hold. The rocks battered him.

Mehi woke face down, groggy, throbbing. He accepted that he had died where the flood had delivered him. Wincing, he opened his eyes. In a half-light of morning or evening dusk, he saw the flood had etched in the sand its path toward the river. Pockets of water lingered on the soft topsoil. Mehi recalled the storm, how it had demolished everything in its way. Fantastical primal power. It matched the undeniable Inundation itself. Mehi loved its violence.
He pushed up to a crouch only to slump again. His head pounded. Sand caked in his mouth and nostrils. Mehi fingered a large cut at the back of his head. Looking back, he gauged the flood that had stampeded him here. Its brutality. Its indifference.
Mehi decided to seek out An-khi. He hadn’t given An-khi’s cat what it deserved, but he’d show its mistress his new power.
Mehi required several minutes to steady himself enough to stand and begin shuffling toward An-khi’s estate. He last visited there—when?
In the governor’s courtyard, a servant told him that An-khi wasn’t at home. But he guessed where’d she be. Mehi ran, even as his racked body resisted every stride, screwing left then right, his eyes searing for her, red hues confusing his search.
Climbing a dune east of Mer, he collapsed to his knees, exhausted and dizzy. Gasping, Mehi spied a tiny figure alone on the wet sands along the river. He recognized An-khi by the wrenching in his chest. Dredging up images of her family’s leaving the village those years ago, he said under his breath, “Always ready to get away, An-khi.”
Mehi must prove to her that he’d changed.

The orange and pink sunset blushed An-khi and her ankle-length tunic as she strolled along pools of rainwater moored in the lowlands. Freshets coursed through the sand. Fragrances of saturated earth rose to An-khi so rich her mind swam. Not wishing to disturb the plush surface, she tiptoed. Water bubbled up in her footprints.
That rain the night before—what a beautiful storm—as free as a man. As free as An-khi. It may not have quashed the drought but it eased her pain at the loss of father and Mehi. These wonderful men, and every man really, paid too much attention to their fears. Paser’s fear caused him to control others; Mehi’s fear caused him to recede.
Did she expect too much?
Near An-khi, a swallow alighted. The small blue bird skittered a few paces to a puddle, scarcely printing its triangle tracks on the sand. Three quick pecks at the water and then it flew off, echoing its song.
Watching it fly, An-khi tapped her muddy toes in a pool, splashing her ankles. Her eyes then skimmed the pastel horizon of carmine and saffron washing into the clouds and sky, palm trees and tamarinds, sand and air. 
An-khi’s appointment as governor and her inheritance of the family’s property opened a world to her. She would select whom to marry. On this morning by the ponds, An-khi declared her independence. Already her unknown husband’s love mixed in her like honey in water. Where is he? Her husband must be as forceful as her father. Yet, could a man be forceful without attempting to control her as her father had? Lacking force, Mehi had nevertheless loved the Inundation with her. That was another requirement. Must she love this land alone? When will that strong man arrive who adores evenings like this? If a man would only flood her the way the Inundation had.
An-khi ambled beyond the pools, heading south beside the river, her toe occasionally drawing circles in the soaked sand.

Mehi scurried onto a dune of sand where he immediately set eyes on An-khi twenty yards below. He’d caught her. Rage got him here. He’d show it to her.
Dropping hard to his belly, Mehi then looked up at her, sand falling from his hair and eyebrows. He spied on An-khi as if he were nothing but two eyes, wincing for the pain in them. An-khi’s shifted so that he could see through one eye’s transparency the golden sunset. He would choose to be her mirror and daily reflect that face. As she strolled, her hair trailed so slowly that it floated like a phantom behind her. He could be her comb and give way to her hair stroking through him. An-khi patted sand from her hands, and he wished to be the last grains to cling to her skin.
Toes in the water, An-khi bowed her body as a reed leaning toward water. A perfect arc. Its sharp edge cut Mehi like a scythe. Something languid in her stride also linked her to water everywhere, shutting Mehi out. An-khi and water were the actual lovers.
When he last saw An-khi, she had pointed to his broken necklace and commanded, “Do something.” Maybe strike my new self at you? Mehi slammed his fingers into the hard sand, urging him. He must continually renew his rage.
Night settling, An-khi strolled away south along the river.
Mehi was ready.
He stood. His fingers twitched in and out of fists.
Do something.
Mehi pounded his fists on his thighs in rhythm to An-khi’s retreating steps. A better man wouldn’t wait. A better man would demand her love—force her to fulfill his wishes. Mehi’s legs bruised. He pounded.
Do something.
Another man would have killed her cat.
Do something.
Why couldn’t he love without this pain?
Do ... nothing.
Mehi stopped pounding his legs. His fists fell to his sides. He shivered on the drying mound. He watched her.
An-khi disappeared around an embankment that led into the cove where she and Mehi once ran arm-in-arm. A dream ago. She ebbed from him like a tide. Would he finally be like other men? Angry men like Horemheb, arrogant men like Paser? Would Mehi someday hurt An-khi as he nearly had today? Would that be good or unbearable?
An-khi’s footprints dissolved back into blank sand.
What does a man do who has love and nothing else?
Mehi screamed, louder than he thought possible, “An-khi, everything will twist upside down. The Nile will flow south. Ra will go dark.” His voice broke. “The pyramid will teeter on its point. God-kings will be buried with commoners. I will be royal.” His voice squeaked. 
“And you’ll love, An-khi. You’ll love me. When the world is upside down, you’ll open a home for me.”
Mehi turned and dashed from the river, through the village Mer, and through the rocky hills for the desert.

He loomed out onto the sand. He fixed his eyes on the unbreakable horizon between sand and sky. He ran to a darkness behind the light. His heels squeaked in the red sand. Sweat spotted his face like a pox. His dirty odor sprayed the air. He mustn’t think about what he was doing.
Mehi came to a dozen onion plants that leaned into the wind, and a humming. An old woman stooped over bent knees, her bulbous breasts riding her thighs. Eyeing him, she snatched up a root. Dirt clinging to the onion, she bit into it whole.
He rushed farther west. Sand burnt his feet. The pebbled sand. His eyes teared, then dried. Their pain sharpened like on the points of two knifes. Faster he ran, needing the motionless desert. He stripped off his loincloth and let it drop. Farther, faster. Harder his legs worked. His heartbeat frantic. His lungs sucked for breath.
A scarecrow. Mehi wanted to be nowhere but here hung a scarecrow. Pretending to be alive, it hung numb and witless on a rod jammed in the ground. Its broken-stick arm flapped behind its body. The head fluttered rags from a vacant face staring deaf and dumb into nothing. No eyes to view no object, no ears to hear no sound, no mind to dream no future. But someone at some time had lived here.
Mehi sought a void of perfect nothing. Nowhere.

A solitary bush wasted thin and slanting. Its branches crackled at Mehi. He might be the only person ever to hear its sound. He ran beyond.
He saw nothing but black night and heard only gasps for breath.
He didn’t sweat now. He breathed in air as hot and dry as the sand. Blistering inside and out, he spread his arms like a bird in flight, or a sacrifice, or a lover in empty embrace.

Then there was nothing.
No breath. No heartbeat. No thought. He did not see the creeping sand, feel the ground, or know his place in the world. Silence surrounded him. Silence emptied him. In it, all sound of his name slipped away into silence beyond the west horizon. Into nothing. Perfect nothing. Oblivion.

No longer obscured behind the noise of the living, a song emerged. Glorious and strange. Its low murmur echoed a million fold. It came from nowhere and it came from all around. The desert itself.
The lowing called to him. He belonged.
Slip into and join the song. How easy to crumble like dirt, drift into so many grains and scatter across the desert within its hymn of perfect calm. Surrender to the song.
How easy. How easy to submit.


Chapter 21
DAYMARE
An-khi’s wish to help combat the drought brought her to God-king Khufu’s pyramid one daybreak. As governor, she knew that this year’s Inundation had peaked eleven feet below the level required for a healthy flood. Last year, it crested seven feet below. A third drought of any level next year would starve her nation. In three months, Egypt would begin to learn whether a good or bad flood approached. Her gut rippled queasily.
Perhaps she came to the Giza plateau to fill the loss of her father. Absence steeped in her. She ached for her father, imperfect as he might have been, and for Mehi, who was not only gone from her life, but also from Mer, she’d learned.
Too, Egypt’s foundation of communication and cooperation that she’d known all her life had gone missing. She no longer felt the solid ground upon which she and the nation once stood. 
During her provincial business—or estate business that Heria, disinterested in everything but her cats since her husband’s death, had happily relinquished—wherever An-khi traveled the citizens’ hostility toward the God-king blistered the air. Nobles in her province cursed to her of Khufu’s failure as a warrior during his recent hunt in the desert. And, reconciling the several reports of her scribes stationed throughout the province, An-khi had concluded that the Hituptah priests’ were conspiring to foment public discord against Khufu. It appeared that High-priest Siptah led them in blessing the treasuries of affluent citizens in exchange for steep tribute. Then, as Ptah’s storehouses fattened a thousand-fold, the priests distributed food to poor people who consumed it hungrily along with the priests’ whispered stories of Khufu’s blame for their hunger. Shamefully, the priests exploited Egyptians’ fear of disease and death even though An-khi’s provincial records indicated that the incidence of either was normal. 
One way to fill that void was to volunteer at the pyramid, the embodiment of Egypt and its God-king, a larger father. Even incomplete, its four sides clasped together like four hands. She saw there her own hand holding those of Paser, Mehi and God-king Khufu. 
She was not encouraged by her initial impression of the pyramid site. Under a stark sun, portending the return of the hot season, An-khi saw the depleted stock of fish, onions and bread for its three thousand year-round workers. “This isn’t enough,” she said to a nearby foreman.
“There was a problem in shipments,” he said with a shrug. “More might be delivered later.”
“Might be?”
“Vizier Shaf-Khufu is handling it, yellow lady.”
“My skin may be paler than yours because I don’t normally work in the sun, but I am the governor and deserve your respect. And until ‘later’ arrives, how will we feed these orange men?”
“When food runs out, it runs out. They can’t get food anywhere else.” The foreman smacked his club on his palm. “Besides, they know not to argue.”
An-khi gaped at the man. His ready brutality swelled her queasiness.
Anxious that the day’s sticky heat would shorten the men’s tempers, An-khi determined to ration the food so that each worker would receive something. None of the foremen interfered with her, glad to yield the duty. At noon, the workers ran to the food lines for their one meal of the day, reduced from two.
“Is this all?” each man repeated when given his lettuce leaves and onion. Each one demanded more. Guards shouted them down. This delayed the lines and frustrated those behind. Hungry men pushed hungry men in front of them. The guards started down the lines, pouring out beer, which was plentiful, thinking it would calm them. An-khi feared it would only fuel their disquiet.
After An-khi and the other female servers had served about three hundred workers, rumors that food was running out blazed through the lines. Workers yelled, gestured angrily. An-khi heard Khufu’s name blasphemed. The lines bucked like gigged snakes. A guard smacked one worker on the forearm, quieting others around him for a moment.
“Tell them they will each be served a portion,” An-khi said to the foreman. He complied but only by barking her instructions from where he stood. 
“What was that?”
“Did you say there’s no more food?”
“What? No food?!”
An-khi instructed the guard to walk the lines with her message. But before he could comply, he instead rushed to stop a worker in the line who had grasped another in a headlock. Four snaps of the guard’s whip returned stopped their fight.
But then, more and more workers up and down the lines threw punches and elbows at each other. Men pitched others to the ground. Guards ran in all directions wielding their whips and clubs—not An-khi’s promise—leaving her and the other female servers alone. More fights, yells. Cursing.
One after another, workers tore from the lines for the front. Guards clubbed whoever they could reach. Hundreds ran forward. They trampled several guards in their surge. They each ran at the serving area. Those reaching the now unguarded front of the lines snatched onions by the armful.
All of the servers but An-khi bolted. Trying to guards to food bins, she was swept aside.
Squads of guards from other areas rushed to the scene. Dust swirled around the brawls. Whips stung backs and faces. Clubs cracked collarbones. “Back to work. Everyone.”
Still, workers streamed for the food.
“To work. To work.” The guards aimed at heads. Blood spurted. Men crumpled from their feet.
Blood had its effect. Most workers retreated, kicking the dirt and cursing. Guards beat several men to the ground. Uninjured men shouted. “It’s that old man we got as God-king.” “He’s lost his magic, that’s what.” “Make him run the Heb-Sed again.”
Three senseless men were carried off, blood mingling in their sweat. An-khi bemoaned that even a little preparation and tolerance would have averted this violence. It was Mehi who had sensed all the men on the pyramid working together. What would he think if he’d been here today? Cooperation disappears with those who appreciate it.

That afternoon, An-khi called “Senbeb” at Horemheb’s hut. After a look over her shoulder at the courtyard, bare even of the clay oven, she was about to call out again when Horemheb emerged from the darkness inside at his doorway. In the sunlight, he squinted and blinked. He seemed unaware of the flies buzzing about his sweaty face.
“Horemheb,” she said. “Sir? Horemheb? Hello.”
“Hmn.”
“Do you remember me? I’m An-khi.”
Horemheb gazed on her.
“Mehi’s friend?”
“Uh ...”
By Horemheb’s blank expression, An-khi guessed that he didn’t remember.
Neglecting to invite An-khi, he scuffled back into the hut. She followed. The room suffered a moldy odor and a confusion of bits of rags, pottery shards and stained walls. The unpacked floor scratched up beneath An-khi’s feet. Only the wall amulets, hanging at odd angles, reminded her of Khety’s home.
Mehi’s father creaked to a corner. An-khi paused for him to sit his stiff body, grunting as his rear end hit the ground. She said, “How have you been?”
“Oh, um ...” Horemheb mumbled, waving off the question.
In her mind, An-khi likened this little man to Egypt, feeble and aging. “You appear well.”
Not changing his dour expression, Horemheb nodded.
An-khi shifted her tact. “Have you heard any word from Mehi?”
Mehi’s father pulled back his shoulders and announced, “He’s a great scribe. Working in a province down south for a governor. He’s been there ... he’s been there for, uh ...”
“I understood he’d left the scribe school before he graduated.”
Horemheb stared coldly at her. “So how’d he get placed at the pyramid stone-counting?”
“Stone-counting? You said he’s working for—” An-khi stopped herself. It was cruel to argue with a confused father, even to hear news of Mehi.
Giving Horemheb time to liven up, An-khi began tidying the room. She picked up a pot, swiping a cloth underneath. She considered whether she was meddling, but Horemheb was smiling as he watched her. An-khi patted his shoulder.
At her touch, Horemheb’s eyes widened. “What’s your name again?”
“An-khi.”
“You and Mehi were friends, right? A long time?”
“Yes. A long time.” An-khi grinned and scratched at the pot’s cinders.
Horemheb said, “Why’d you and Mehi never build a hut together anyway?”
An-khi dropped her gaze. “Well, my sister passed away at that point—”
“Oh tu, and your old man mucked it up for you. That’s right.” Horemheb shook his head. “Yes, well, you got to get old to be that much of a fool.” Then, laying his hands before him, Mehi’s father said with a bashful grin, “I never knew my wife—not a day—when she came to my house.”
“When was that?”
“When we married, of course. Sesher.”
“Oh.” An-khi began to doubt her visit here. She’d wished to reconnect to a father and found anger instead. She’d had enough of male anger. Could Mehi be this angry at her—wherever he might be?
“You remind me of Khety. You know that? You listen like her. You smile like her.”
An-khi felt herself blushing.
“I brought her to my house. It was ... beautiful. It really was. I got all these flowers there, wild roses and cornflowers, on the roof. That’s when we first touched, when I held her hand. Her bones were like a bird’s. My life was made right there.”
An-khi beamed at the father of her former love. Horemheb had some tenderness. “I’m sure she felt the same way.”
“You think so?” Horemheb said with a laugh.

The next dawn, supplies sufficient for a week arrived at the pyramid. Theormi saw Prince Hordedef, not Vizier Shaf, oversee the correction. Men still grumbled, but without resorting to riot.
After the midday serving, and on many afternoons, An-khi visited Horemheb before returning to the treasury building. They talked of the days prior to the river’s two bad seasons, his stonecutting, and mostly of Khety and the boys.
Two weeks later when An-khi crossed the threshold, she found that Horemheb had cleared away the clutter—most of it—and swept the front room. His caring to civilize his surroundings either for himself or for her warmed An-khi more than she could explain.
“Senbeb.” Horemheb quickly sat, his face glowing. He seemed to have something to say. An-khi placed herself beside him on the cool, newly-packed floor. “My Khety—my happiest day was when she died.” Horemheb grimaced. “Oh spit, that’s not what I mean. I mean she forgave me that day. Forgave me for everything.”
An-khi touched his shoulder. It trembled in her palm.
Closing his eyes, Horemheb tipped up his face toward the ceiling. “She’d been sleeping. I hadn’t seen her eyes for two days. She woke long enough to say—I remember it exact—she looked me in the eye right now like she knew I was waiting for her. She said, ‘I’ve always loved you, husband. I loved you the first day to the last.’” His eyes glazed.
An-khi rubbed Horemheb’s back.
“That gave me a chance,” he continued, his voice thickening, “to tell how sorry I was to’ve made her live in such a bad way. She deserved more. Much more.” Horemheb blinked. His eyes began to glisten. He cocked his head as if again hearing her words. “Not ’til that minute ... I’d never known how she thought of those days I made that mistake. Those were her last words: ‘I always loved you, husband.’ A good woman.” His cheeks colored.
“That night, I got a beer jug,” he said. “Maybe I stole it. I don’t know, I was happy. They kill you nowadays for taking beer. Nobody had better use for it I can tell you. I was happier with each gulp. I strutted like I got back those days before I did that stupid thing. Then there’s this young fellow up the alley. Turns out it’s Mehi. He says something. I don’t hear what it is but, by the stink on his face, I know it’s bad.”
An-khi winced.
“Well, there I was drunk … and his mother ... his mother ...” 
An-khi took Horemheb’s hand and rubbed it between both of hers.
He turned his face to her. “Mehi never was much keen on me.”
“That’s not true. He loved you a great deal.”
“I don’t blame him. I wasn’t much. I made mistakes. I thought he was a cute baby. All in white linen.”
An-khi pictured a boy now gone from both of them.
Horemheb grasped An-khi’s wrist, the first time he’d touched her. “Khety used to walk a lot to rummage for whatever or look for our boys. Want to go out?”
Horemheb had always declined An-khi’s invitations to leave the hut. “Let’s go.”
Horemheb, squinting in the blazing sun and using a stick for a cane, and An-khi strolled in comfortable silence. Soon, the pair happened upon a crowd of neighbors collected around a tax collector whipping a man tied to a post. Two Per-O guards stood watch.
Incensed, An-khi stomped forward. Tax collectors were to report to her before taking any actions against citizens.
Horemheb said, “There’s no work to earn taxes so the Per-O whips him—and the fool neighbors crowd ’round for fun.”
An-hi pushed through the crowd. She yelled to the tax collector, “I am Governor of the First Nome, I order you to put down your whip.”
After two more strikes the collector told her, “I’m here on orders of the vizier himself. That trumps a governor, yellow lady.” He continued whipping the unfortunate posted man who yelped with each crack.
“You will stop this minute or I will order my soldiers to whip you.” The collector at least paused his assault.
The two guards, whispering to each other about how to respond, didn’t spot Horemheb elbowing his way into the circle. “Stop, you Per-O flunkeys.” Horemheb braced his cane above the collector’s head. “Does this pay taxes?” Some in the crowd cursed Horemheb, others cursed the collector as his cane chopped down. The collector pivoted, saw the cane and fended it off with a forearm. The crowd broke into mayhem. A woman swung a fist at Horemheb. Several men grabbed the collector, more grabbed the guards, and all of them wrestled to the ground. Someone cut the whipped man’s binds. Shielding Horemheb’s head, An-khi bent him down and snuck him away. 
An-khi guided Horemheb home. He nearly bounced. “How ’bout that? We put an end to those fools. That was great.”
He set free An-khi’s laugh. Little Egypt had some life in it yet.

Theormi’s new status as a full member of the Medja enabled her to speak for longer periods with the villagers. The ease with which she learned their language confirmed for her that she had lived here at some point early in her life. The elders told her that the Medja had migrated from the south for a hundred years before settling here. Many Medja were still pastoral nomads, moving in a cycle with the seasons. Due to the skills of their now aged Chief Taharqa, the Medja had lived in peace for two generations with the Wawat and their Chief Piye, the Wild Man, after years of war.
One mid-morning, a month into her adoption, the no-longer-strange woman received a visit from Chief Taharqa, his ears long and his back hunched. Erecting a hut for herself in the shade of a date palm near several Medja families, Theormi dropped a mudbrick she had been about to set in place. After bowing, she took his hand. Onto his palm, she placed a candied date. Taharqa gazed at it, tapped and squeezed it.
“Taste it,” Theormi said in his language.
The chief’s nose and lips pinched. “It’s a dead date. It’s shriveled.”
Theormi placed a second fruit on her tongue. She showed him that she was chewing it. Its intensity roused her juices to flow on her tongue and then to dance inside her cheeks. She smiled to her chief. “Go on.”
Taharqa struck the tip of his tongue at the fruit on his palm. He shrugged and slipped the date into his mouth. Instantly, his eyes brightened. The chief pressed his lips together. “Hmn.”
“It’s the way it’s brought back to life.”
Taharqa shot Theormi a hard look. He then spat out the fruit and backed away from its landing spot.
“Don’t be afraid, chief. I didn’t really bring it back to life. This is just a different way to prepare it. Now,” she said, kneeling down to one of the tribeswomen’s black earthenware jars, “watch this. As the water inside disappears, the jar cools. You can cool a room this way.” She reached for his hand and tugged it to the jar, close enough for him to feel the cooler air around it.
Taharqa shook off her hand. His eyes hardened into points. “Deviltry. This is devil’s work.” His black pupils swelled and his face darkened. “Only a devil knows such things.”
Theormi’s insides quivered. Was she about to be exiled again? She decided that truth was her best defense. “Chief, I come from the north, from Egypt.”
He nodded.
“I learned how they do these things there.”
Taharqa still stared at her, his arms folded over his chest.
“When I lived in Egypt, I was tutored by the God-king.”
The chief’s eyes bulged. “Khufu?”
“Yes, Chief. God-king Khufu.”
Taharqa touched his hands over his head so that his arms formed a circle, indicating “large.” “Khufu? Khufu?” The chief hopped on first one leg and then the other, slamming each food in turn on the ground like an ape displaying its strength. “Khufu? Khufu?”
Theormi had to laugh. “Yes, that Khufu.” Her lover, the legend whose sacred name could have been the tribe’s name, lived here too. Even after their distance and time apart, she felt the sinew and poetry of Khufu’s love. “See, there is nothing to fear.”

An hour before noon in Khufu’s vanity, the Keeper of the Grooming whitewashed the God-king’s red swelling of his ears, scoured his teeth with chalk paste, as well as rouged his lips and cheeks with red ochre. Sitting before the silver mirror and gauging the keeper’s work, Khufu shifted his face side to side. “How hard you toil, keeper. Harder year by year, eh, you old magician.”
The keeper sniffed. “Pleasure is mine to render the god as he appears.”
“Do you mean as I appeared when a young God-king?”
“Your beauty is everlasting.”
“Hmn,” said Khufu chuckling. “You practice for the day when my rendering will be everlasting. For most people, death is the place from where no one returns; for you it’s the cosmetics painting that can’t be redone.”
“I will provide you as perfect as you are.”
With a grimace, Khufu stretched up his torso as if to relieve pressure on his pelvis. “Not perfect today.”
“Your bowels are rebelling again, Majesty?”
“There’s that peculiar way you state things. But ... yes, I run to the basin twice as often as I eat. And here,” Khufu said, holding up his fingers, “no longer working as a team, my fingers flop like ten mongoose-smashed snakes. They once lilted like lotus on the water or curled into a perfect crescent around a lover’s sex.” Hands falling to his sides, Khufu glared at his lap. “Correct that. Eleven worms. Nothing performs as it once did.”
“Sire, if you speak to the failure of that secondary function of one’s genitalia, be thankful you are free from that particular nuisance.”
“Good Gods, keeper, what do you and your wife do?”
“We dine fabulously well.”
“No respect for the body, that’s your problem.” Khufu pressed back in his chair. “I am forever astonished, whenever sharing sweetness with a woman I love, that a mere fraction of me in a mere fraction of her nevertheless immerses us both in all of each other.”
“Be that as it may, please allow me to assert that you are the perfect man to be a god.”
Khufu whirled around at the keeper who recoiled two steps. “I am no man. A man is not perfect. I am immortal. The god within is stone, immortal as stone.”
“Yes, yes, unquestionably, your Majesty. Undeniably.” The keeper bowed.
“Get on with your work. Paint me perfect.” Khufu faced the mirror once more. Through the reflection, he saw Prince Hordedef and Royal Magician Djedi pass his suite’s pond toward him. As they entered the vanity, Hordedef motioned to a harem servant removing Khufu’s untouched morning meal on a gold tray. “Has he requested some other food?”
“Prince,” she said, eyes wide, “he requested nothing.”
“How does he survive on so little?”
Not turning from the mirror, the God-king said, “’How does he strive for the middle?’ I don’t understand you, prince.”
Hordedef asked, “Sire, when shall I direct the carriers to prepare for the dedication ceremony?”
“My keeper performs his miracle of time travel. It’s about twenty years ago now. Another thirty minutes and I will be young enough to parade myself in the present.”
“For your protection, Majesty, we will add several guards to the procession.”
The God-king laughed. “I’m sure the people will control their excitement at seeing me.”
Hordedef and Djedi traded worried glances. “We pray so, your Majesty.”

Three hours later on the north road, dust flying up around the royal procession, the God-king hollered at the carriers of his jolting palanquin. “Softer, devils. Pity your King’s guts.” Although he had deflected Hordedef’s concern earlier, Khufu knew that his feet often only slid when he walked. The running that the ceremony required seemed beyond his present ability. Yet he trusted his divinity would rouse him for his people.
Near the delta, men on the roadsides as still as a stand of egrets bore their stares through the dust at the God-king.
By the recent pyramid riot and similar incidents elsewhere, the God-king judged that Shaf had too slowly addressed the food delivery. Hordedef intervened to re-route supply lines. That would prevent any further shortage this year. And, worsening the drought’s evils, Shaf’s orders sometimes contradicted Khufu’s commands. As a result, officials often ignored both. To overcome that lack of trust, Khufu would show the people a god today who still possessed the magic to summon a full Inundation.
When the procession approached Djedu, congregations of three, four and ten citizens sang of their hunger. When the palanquin set down atop the hill cleared for the construction alongside the Osiris Temple, a hundred muttering citizens had gathered. Twenty guards ran to form a barricade in front of the audience. They crossed spears.
Each citizen’s eye followed the god on earth.
Enthroned, the God-king fixed his eyes forward and inhaled a huge breath. His chest projected. The God-king rose to his feet, squaring his barrel frame. His grand head and feline eyes paused on every face. Their mutterings subsided. Sunlit dust settled.
Khufu descended from his throne. He clapped his feet onto the parched, flaking ground; the audience stepped back. Despite his knees’ give, he marched as the audience closed back around him, pressing the guards. Others joining the crowd fought to the front. Khufu saw all their faces glow with love for him. They displayed the same affection as they had at his Heb-Sed ten months ago.
The God-king cast off his royal robes, allowing the now three hundred citizens to behold a god. He began. His feet thudded on the ground without lift.
The citizens’ mutterings became loud enough for their God-king to make out. “Why is the river low, Khufu?” “What does my family eat, Khufu?” “Who stops my baby from crying, Khufu?” “Khufu? Khufu?”
The God-king heeded his name.
Citizens pushed closer. Guards dug in their heels and re-gripped their spears as the crossed shafts rattled as the rebounded off the citizens’ chests.
At the end of each circuit, Khufu rapped a ringing note on a silver door signaling Ra’s defeat of another night demon. He pleasured in his reflection there, his skin red-orange and glowing. Smoothing his stride, Khufu gathered speed. As he’d expected. Through each of the twelve orbits around the site’s course, Khufu ran ever stronger, spurred by the chanting of his name. 
“Khufu, we want food. Khufu.”
The God-king sped into the eighth circuit. 
More citizens arrived. They jostled for position. Each heaved against the guards, tightening their circle surrounding the God-king. The guards clacked their spearheads together, digging in their heels and pushing back. 
The God-king rounded his tenth circuit. His speed was surely as fast as during his first Heb-Sed eighteen years ago.
Citizens shook fists. “Food, Khufu, food.” 
Hordedef yelled at the guards, “Hold them.” Guards bent to lock their hips and feet into place. Shaf ducked and made way for his palanquin.
In the twelfth and final circuit, Khufu threw his hands to the sky and then opened his arms to his citizens encircling his ritual. They didn’t cheer.
“Khufu? Water, food. Khufu?” 
The God-king spread his arms once more. Still no cheers. Curses only. He continued to fling out his arms. Khufu only then realized his pain at drawing breath. It tore at his chest. His knees gave way. A pair of guards supported him on either side as they hustled him to his palanquin. When the guards on the barricade disentangled from the crowd to form a cordon for him, ten citizens ran past them for the God-king. At last, Khufu thought, his people were rushing to him to offer praise. He waited for them.
“Climb, King,” Hordedef said. “Up.” 
The guards tried to boost Khufu onto the palanquin. He couldn’t keep his sweating body from collapsed back on them. The feverish pain from the cataract water worming into his ear was as much as he could bear without screaming.
“We starve, Khufu.” “Khufu, you’re no god.” “What does my child eat?”
“Lift the palanquin,” Hordedef said. “Go!” Guards knocked away the first group stampeding toward the God-king. One man reached within an arm’s length. Twenty others closed behind.
“Go, go. Go!”
The carriers elevated their royal charges. Khufu stood and again spread his arms. His carriers hesitated, afraid their movement would eject him.
“Sit, Father,” Hordjedef shouted. “A God-king should be sitting.”
Khufu reclined just as the crush of citizens drove his guards against the palanquin, rocking it as it started forward. Twenty more citizens stormed around the palanquin. Ten hands stabbed for the King. Guards thrust out their spears and the closest citizens retreated. The carriers sped their pace and were away.
Khufu raked back his sweat-slicked wig. Numbness seized his body. He had devoted everything to Egypt, yet not enough. His people did not love him. Through his closed eyes he saw a red tint of desert.

On the road south to the Per-O, no one in the procession spoke. Khufu sat as a statue, staring ahead. The sun baked the dirty sweat on his face, arms and skirt. Hours passed before he turned his head to see the withering plants, ashen dirt, bare sycamores and gaunt faces of people grumbling along his promenade.
Khufu too distracted to recognize where during their return, a group of villagers clamoring around six market booths blocked the procession. They clutched torn cloths and other scraps as barter for food. “You call these melons?” yelled a man. “Who’d eat it? Pigs wouldn’t.”
“That’s all right,” the vendor answered, “since pigs and you can’t afford it.”
Above the shouts, the royal guards ordered, “Make way for the great God-king Khufu. Make way.”
No one heard, save those nearest the procession. Four guards wedged toward the red-faced, bellowing customer. “You.” The lead guard pricked his spear against the man’s neck.
The man twirled around, about to throw a fist until he saw who held the spear. He then saw Khufu. The crowd also caught sight of the God-king. They all fell stone silent. As the crowd yielded to two flanks, the royal company walked through between them. Khufu understood he had stolen from them even the venting of their frustration.
Something flew through the air. A rotten melon. It thumped the back of Khufu’s head with a hollow sound. The rotten fruit slithered down his shoulder.
“Head on,” Hordedef said, stopping the guards about to charge the crowd. “Head us on.” The carriers started up. Guards reformed their barrier and ran alongside.
Khufu wiped at the chunks of melon oozing down his arm. He shook them off, spraying Shaf behind him.

Minutes north of Annu, the procession trudged outside a peasant village where a father and mother bathed their baby boy in a broken vase. Their lean-to behind them, the father had his back to the road while the mother scrubbed the infant. Over his shoulder, the mother saw her God-king. She flailed her hand at her husband who twisted toward the road. This revealed to the procession his stream of urine arching into the vase. The parents used urine to clean their boy.
The father started to hide his urinating, but turning one’s back on the God-king was blasphemy. He tried to squeeze off the flow with his hand and failed. Finally, he managed a half-bow to Egypt’s God-king.
Khufu and the Royal officers shaded their eyes, wishing they had not come out in the Egyptian countryside today.


Chapter 22
NIGHTMARE
“Water!”
In his nightmare, Khufu heard his wail for water as a knell. A godless sandstorm surrounded him. Threshing sand chased out the air. It milled Khufu’s skin until he bled from every pore. Ecstatic to produce any liquid for his dry Egypt, the God-king saw instead that he bled red sand. Withered corpses of citizens rolled like tumbleweeds down the dunes. From this mass burial, a male and a female with jagged bones stood up, wiped the sweat from under their arms and offered it to their God-king. The cyclone of sand foiled the effort of a young man trying to walk across the gray horizon. Static as a scarecrow, he grinned like a child. His head, hands and feet grayed, shriveled and stripped off his body like husks. Into the wind. Arms, legs and spine followed. The young man’s grin hung in the air ...
“Twins,” Khufu howled.
“He’s hot as a flame. How long can he suffer like this, Djedi?”
“Prince, he’s fighting the infection.”
“So many days now.”
“If he’d reported it sooner ... Please open his mouth.”
Loving fingers worked Khufu’s lips and jaw. The God-king dreamt of Hordedef performing the Opening of the Mouth ritual that would prime him for the afterworld.
Then he fell calm.

An hour before dawn, Khufu woke to the sound of a rushing Nile. For minutes, he dozed content: an oasis of soft breezes and floating lotus flowers. That lapsed when he alerted enough to remember that Egypt’s river was not rushing, but had hushed. Like the Queen’s blood. Like Theormi’s dance. Like Ka’ab’s future and Merhet’s laugh. Khufu’s nation was drought-stricken. In his room, heat weighed on him like a hot boulder. He sucked for breath. Khufu struggled up from bed, head aching, ear stinging. He took up and lit a lamp, illuminating his dark orange body inside the white sleeping gown. He rose and exited through his private door onto the gardens.
Outside, even the full moon burnt hot. The air clung to him like mud. Khufu wondered whether he carried the heat with him in a fever. Or was the universe on fire? Down the knoll on the outsides of his feet, he tottered toward his waterless lake. If a baby were as parched as this ground, a mother’s kiss would crack its lips.
Ten Nilometer rods stuck out of the lake’s sludge. Prior to his illness, Khufu had planted them here, reckoning with each one that it would measure new water. The God-king stepped onto the granite quay. In the harsh moonlight, the lake’s brackish slime quivered. 
Gods, send me water. Why send me dust? Prevent me from having lived in vain.
At his knee, a pair of eyes, orange in the lamplight, wavered up at Khufu. He discerned the reddish-brown hair, pointed ears and short tail of a jackal. “Beast, does your trespass foretell of the deserts worming into my nation?” The jackal blinked, eyeholes gone black. It then leapt onto the lakebed. The God-king listened to its running on the muddy slick, receding from him into stillness.
Khufu set the lamp on the dirt. He peered across his lake. Why does my magic desert me when I always gave it home? I am the lover with no love. 
Inside him, he sensed only hate and rage. He filled with the festering of many wounds, excreting boils, rotting lesions, frenzy, venom, fire and storm. The monstrous Ptah priests. Savage Meritates. Loss of Ka’ab and Merhet. Loss of youth. Loss of magic. The Gods. The Gods. The Gods. 
Whatever betrayal throughout his life that might justify his vengeance, Egypt instead commanded he be free of hate. Love, once returned to his body like sba nu mu, would deliver his nation from this drought, this lacking, this death. And to attract love, he must drain himself of hate. He invited the trenching away of that venom. 
A god forgives. A god is peace. I forgive the Gods for the low Inundations, the Ptah priests for their self-worship, and myself for my cruelty to Meritates, the children and Theormi.
As Khufu pictured the horrors throughout his life fading from his mind, he drew down the anguish and inflammations. From his limbs and heart, he let loose of anger. Tension ran down him like a cloudburst down a monolith. Down from his temple. Down from his shoulders. Down his hips, thighs and toes. It drained into the ground. His muscles emptied and emptied.
In this current’s wake, Khufu’s muscles began to repose like paper in water. 
Legs spread, the God-king stretched back with his chest thrust out. He struck out his arms and beckoned upwards. Again. Again. He struck them out to the Imperishable Stars.
Let water come.

Seven hundred miles away, leaves of date palm trees twirled in the updrafts of heat, Theormi intruded upon the hut of Chief Taharqa, who hadn’t emerged that day. He lay still on his bedmat. “Chief, you must get up.”
“I do not.” Taharqa looked up at her with one opened eye. “There is someone else now.”
Since their first formal meeting, Theormi had helped Chief Taharqa chart irrigation canals and wells using their local control of access to the Travel Sea, stockpile millet and dried dates as well as construct a greenhouse. With the Irtjet and Setju peoples to the south, she started a trade of the Medja women’s earthenware incised with figures of dancing women, galloping gazelles and sailing ships. The tribe began to funnel ebony, ivory, incense, leopard skins and ostrich feathers, even an occasional elephant or giraffe, to Egypt. As a result, the Medja amassed surpluses of olive oil, cedar and bronze.
Taharqa rejected only one of Theormi’s suggestions—that, in the interest of peace, the chief might include the Wawat in the Medja’s progress. Much of her enterprise employed the Travel Sea from which the Medja land excluded the Wawat. 
And today he rejected a second suggestion. No matter how imaginatively Theormi argued, he refused to rise. 
Chief Piye gradually collapsed like a deserted wasp nest. He died the next night. Theormi beside him at his last breath, kissed his forehead and closed his eyes.
For ten days, Theormi led the dirges of hum-chants and hide drums, circle dances on the dirt, and bonfire sacrifices of falcons and foxes. Their spirits carried Taharqa’s spirit wherever it wished to go.
Taharqa had so long reigned, none among the Medja were prepared to succeed him. Theormi did not believe the tribesmen would accept Taharqa’s wishes to install her as their leader. But with no Medja leadership, would Chief Piye and the Wawat attempt invasion to capture the Medja land and possessions? 
Throughout the next three days, Theormi crept out to the tribe’s western boundary. She scouted what no other but the Medja sentries saw: Wawat moved on the borderline. On the fourth day, Theormi introduced her concern at the public square, newly laid out in striated granite. “Come with me to the borderland. You’ll see.”
“No, no, no,” said many men, waving her off.
“Won’t any of you go to the border? Talk to the sentries.”
“We’ve had peace for sixty years,” said one man.
“The first thing we should do is expand the grain storage,” said a woman.
“We’ll have no grain without more canals,” said another man.
“Choosing a new chief is what we should do first,” said a third. “I was the clear favorite of Chief Taharqa.”
“Only in the realm of your mind,” said the fourth. “You are not fit to be chief of your rump.”
“What? What was that?” 
“Is your rump asking that?”
Three nights the debate wore on. The people’s chirping sounded like children’s songs. They enjoyed it like a game that blocked out Theormi’s attempts to get through. Her irritation led to exasperation that then to her shouting. “Shut your mouths and listen. Open your eyes.” To her words, the villagers might just as well have been deaf. That is, until the next night.
Three of their children didn’t return home. Two girls, one boy. Now something besides squabbling concerned the tribe.
On that night without cloud or wind, Theormi and five men vying to succeed Chie Taharqa tracked the children to the northeast. At first, their footprints displayed the disorder of frolicking children. This changed at a point one hundred yards from the Wawat border. There, the prints had been scuffed over with the larger footprints of men that led from Wawat territory.
Theormi and the men tracked these new prints, the children’s footprints now in straight, unvarying lines. The six edged as close as they dared to the boulders that marked the border. The bravest called out the children’s names. “Tabiry, Qalata, Kashta?” In return came not a child’s voice but a Wawat man’s drunken giggle. “Yes, hello. We are here waiting for you behind these rocks. Please rescue us.”
Each of the Medja men and woman dropped his or her head. The children would not be coming home.
At the square later that hot night, the whole of the five hundred villagers huddled together, linking arms, moaning, crying and singing laments. In turn, they clapped hands to Theormi’s head, face, arms, any part of her they could touch.
The mother of missing Tabiry said, “You men should have listened to Theormi. You should.”
“How could we know?” said one.
“We were fools,” said another.
“The Wawat will begin to attack us now.” Many nodded, many hung their heads and began to weep again, some screamed Chief Taharqa’s name.
Theormi stood. She waved her arms as if to wave off their fears like so many flies. “We can defeat the Wawat if each of us remains linked to each other as we are now.”
She opened debate over what the tribe might do. Eventually, with her encouragement, the villagers began to offer notions, schemes and ploys. Past midnight, discussion completed, they began crafting bows, arrows and bronze spears. They continued at this for days. Sentries, who had watched the borders since the wars, withdrew from their outposts. And each night, the villagers argued at the square. Or, rather, pretended to.
On the fifth evening, several villagers rose one by one with a glint in each eye. Before the hundreds of assembled Medja, they offered ever more fanciful reasons why another, if not himself, should be the new chief. Cheers or jeers rose until they grated the ear. All the while, under blankets or behind legs, each man and woman concealed a weapon. Theormi had chosen a bow and arrow.
When nearly midnight, the burning husk of an onion arced high over the meeting place—the sentry signal. As one, the Medja jumped up, shrieked and charged, letting fly arrows, spears and rocks at four hundred Wawat closing on them from the dark that was now lit up by twenty more onion flares. Theormi snapped off arrow after arrow. The tribe’s people scurried out in a widening semi-circle. The Wawat reeled. Concealed in the canals, the Medja sentries and a hundred others from holes dug in the millet fields, rushed at the Wawat from behind. The two Medja forces squashed the enemy between them. Wawat cries pierced their shambles. Some died at once. Some fell to the dirt, tossing away bows and maces, pleading for mercy. The Medja rooted out those hiding in the fields and wells, chasing the remainder out of Medja territory.
Theormi’s tribe bore few injuries. She thought how proud Chief Taharqa—and Khufu—would have been. 
Within days, humiliated and conceding the Medja’s cleverness, surviving Wawat sacrificed their Chief Piye, the Wild Man. Many offered their allegiance to the Medja leader.
But the Medja had no chief. Yet.
Women began to chant, “Theormi, Theormi, Theormi.” Men joined them until the hundreds were chanting, “Kantake, Kantake, Kantake.” Or Warrior Mother. 
Theormi preferred “Queen.”

Night sank over An-khi and her lamp’s light as she entered Horemheb’s courtyard. Before his doorway, she stopped and was about call out to announce herself when someone rushed out and bumped into her. She regained her balance as Sebek slid a smile across his face. He said, “It’s Mehi’s man-maker.”
An-khi didn’t immediately hear what he’d said. “Sebek. You’re home. Has Horemheb seen you?”
“He’s in there.”
“His heart must be glad. He said you’d come home. This is wonderful.”
“Wonderful.”
An-khi might have judged Sebek’s tone was mocking if she hadn’t been distracted by his staring at her like a hawk sizing up a sparrow.
“I’m off to the market,” he said. “Come with me.”
An-khi saw Sebek had muscled through the chest and shoulders since she’d last seen him. “Oh—I came to say hello to your father.”
Sebek frowned. “He wasn’t expecting you, was he?”
“Not exactly, but ...”
“Right.” He tugged An-khi by the elbow. She hesitated, glancing behind them at the hut. “He said he was very tired. He’s going to sleep. Besides, someone needs to welcome me to the village.”
An-khi yielded to Sebek’s tugging.
He walked fast. Trailing, An-khi viewed his body in the lamp glow. Muscles flared along his thighs and shoulders. To catch up with him, she resorted to a skip. “I thought you wanted me to show you around the village.”
“We’ll go to the market. Get something to eat.”
“I’ve just finished dinner.”
“That’s all right, I’ll get something good.”
Sebek led her not to the nearby market but to the large bazaar in Hituptah. They arrived two hours into the night. Many vendors had closed. “They’ll open for me,” Sebek told her. He surveyed the booths and sidled back to her. “Most of the food is pretty sorry but I see what I want. We’ll feast.” He reached into his sack and produced a bronze mirror with an ebony handle. The wood was ebony, sinewy and strange. He rotated it in An-khi’s lamplight. Its facets shone.
She whistled. “That’s beautiful.”
“I’m glad it impresses you. There’s none like it in this land. It sat for years on the bedroom hearth of the Chief of Wawat until he awarded it to me for meritorious actions.”
She grinned. “You’re making that up.”
He winked at her. “You’re not so simple as my brother.” An-khi was about to tell him she didn’t care for his insulting Mehi when Sebek added, “I’ll remember that. The merchants aren’t so smart as you. Watch me.” He strutted to the market’s center. Holding up the mirror for all to see, he shouted, “Who is worthy of this?”
Many vendors cast scowls. But the several who caught sight of the mirror didn’t move their eyes from it.
“I am Dragoman Sebek. One of God-king Khufu’s Friends.” After spouting his fiction of the mirror’s origin, he asked, “Who shall be first to speak for it?”
“Bring it here,” said an aged merchant at one of the larger booths, his face grave as stone.
He and Sebek eyed each other. Sebek said, “Ah, here is the most intelligent merchant in this market. You shall be rewarded, sir.” Swinging his mirror, the dragoman marched to the merchant, maintaining focus on himself. An-khi shuffled behind. 
His robes soiled and soggy under the arms, the pockmarked merchant regarded Sebek’s approach. He thrust out his palm. Rather than place the mirror on it, Sebek feinted and waved it again for the market to see—the merchant’s hand grasping air—before Sebek slapped it down. The merchant squinted sideways at the dragoman before bringing the mirror to his still asquint right eye, scrutinizing each inch. His helpers crowded around him and squealed for its beauty. The vendor jerked his fist at them. They shut up. He said, “Half a chicken and onions.”
Without a word, Sebek snatched back the mirror and sauntered to the next booth. He presented it to the vendor there. “Oh my,” the vendor said. “Oh my.”
The first merchant called out to Sebek, “A whole chicken.”
“What’s that?” Sebek said, turning back with one hand cupping his ear. “Sir, your initial proposal was a jest, is that what you are now telling me? I thought it a good joke. I laughed. What is your actual proposal?”
“Well ...”
“Your fascination with the artifact is so overwhelming you find it difficult to speak. I understand.” Bystanders tittered. An-khi also.
“A whole chicken, six onions,” the vendor said, sneaking glimpses at the other vendors observing them. “These are bad days.”
“Not for a man with the Wawat chief’s merchandise.” Sebek banged the mirror on the mudbrick wall behind the merchant who winced. “My friend, here’s the way we’ll do this. I name the exchange, you agree.”
The merchant’s face twitched.
Sebek turned his back on the merchant and recited for all the market to hear. “Three chickens, one roasted, two dried. Sack of onions, dates and figs, jar of honey, another of beer, two loaves of bread and,” he added, pointing at the merchant, “one goose, cleaned.”
The merchant’s jowls shook. “Outrageous. I don’t sell all that. This is drought.”
“Then, you’ll have to work it out with your good fellows, won’t you?” Sebek winked at An-khi. While the merchants began haggling, one voice rising over the other, he ambled to several booths, claiming his choices and then departed the market with An-khi and his bargain.

Settled against an embankment along the Nile’s limp length, spoils strewn around them, Sebek chomped a hunk of black bread dripping with honey. The night at last cooled a little.
“I have never been so full,” An-khi said. “But there’s plenty left for you to celebrate your homecoming with your father.”
“I knew you’d like it.”
“You’re rather sure of yourself.”
“What’s to be sure about? It’s all good food.”
“What did you think of Horemheb?”
“What of him?”
“He’s changed since losing his family. He misses all of you a great deal.”
“I guess he’s amazed which son came back and which one won’t.”
“What’s that?” An-khi said, facing Sebek. “You don’t think Mehi is coming back? Your father doesn’t believe that.”
Sebek pricked up his eyebrows. “What’d you expect?”
“He talks about how he’ll get his family back together. His two sons. He’s forever saying how lucky he is to have one fine son, and he has two.”
“That old fish. He asked me to find Mehi, if you can believe that.”
“Oh,” An-khi said, clenching his arm, “you could.”
He looked at her hand on his arm and then grinned up at her. She withdrew it. “No. What’s it been, nearly a month? He’s gone. Somebody like him’d never survive on his own.”
An-khi twisted away from him. Sebek had cast in her the first doubt whether Mehi might be alive. She looked up at the stars, imploring them to watch over her first lover. Minutes passed in silence but for Sebek’s chewing before An-khi said, “I think Mehi is alive.”
Sebek sniffed. “You’re not an old man.”
An-khi lowered her eyes. She didn’t know how to argue this with him. “What did you tell your father?”
Sebek shrugged. “That I’d check. So he’d quiet down.”
“Does that mean you’re going to stay a while?”
Sebek locked eyes with her. “Would you like that?”
An-khi knew she was blushing—and that Sebek saw it.
Grinning broadly at her, he laid his hands behind his head and stretched out on the embankment.
Sebek seemed unlike other men. Maybe something like her father. His travels to strange lands might account for it. 
That night An-khi dreamt of mirrors hanging from sycamore trees. She woke thinking she must have drunk Sebek’s plum wine without remembering to have.

Three nights later, An-khi and Sebek glided along in a fifteen-foot punt. The boatman prodded his long pole into the depleted river. A southerly gust billowed the net canopy above their heads. An-khi mused on the slack river and the years she’d played in it with the boy who loved it with her. “I can’t accept that Mehi is gone.”
Sebek’s eyes rolled before they shifted toward her. Dank smells of the low river oozed at them.
Not certain what she was feeling, An-khi continued. “A lot what he says—used to say—come back to me. About cooperation, now that much of it has withered. It’s a marvel these twenty thousand people collect at the pyramid to invent, haul, chisel and polish such art.”
Sebek grunted. “I heard this story before.”
“I know, I know,” said An-khi with a smile. “What they construct isn’t the point.”
“Is there a point?”
“Their contact is everything.” An-khi’s eyes lost focus. “Mehi told me about a runaway stone at the pyramid that killed one of his friends.”
“I must’ve gone by then.”
“When his friend died, Mehi said he felt more isolated than afraid. Risking his life, two hundred feet up the pyramid, he straddled down its side to another friend and pulled him up. Mehi saved his life. He was a hero.”
Sebek fidgeted.
“Your brother said he was so focused on his friend that he didn’t fear any danger to himself. He’d fall to his death before he’d ever release his grip.” An-khi rubbed her cheek. “It terrified me that he’d risk himself without thinking. I realize now that it shouldn’t have.”
“Mehi was too timid to know better.”
An-khi considered that. “Sometimes, maybe, but not then. At that moment, he and his friend were not separate from each other. Mehi cooperated at a depth he—and I—misunderstood.”
“The pyramid masters get cooperation with a whip.”
“Well, the workers’ conditions can be horribly dangerous.”
Sebek kicked a heel at the deck. “Nah, it’s best doing things on your own.”
That was something her father would have said. The independence her father and Sebek possessed was vital for success. She agreed that Mehi had lacked it. And if his disappearance had proved that ... she didn’t want to think of that. “I visited your father yesterday. He didn’t mention the food you brought home.”
“Brought home?”
“Did he like the food from the market?”
Sebek didn’t react for a moment, then puffed out his chest. “Oh, his eyes bulged out. He ate like a pig.” Sebek slouched again. “What would’ve happened to him if I hadn’t returned when I did?”
“Timing is important.”
“Definitely,” Sebek said, eyeing her.
Certain she was blushing again and showing her dimple, An-khi lowered her head. When she turned to Dragoman Sebek again, he was still staring at her. She forgot what she been about to say.
Sebek’s smile spread.

In their next outings, Sebek told her the stories of the lion he slew with a stone, the mountain of gold he divined for Khufu, as well as his righteous killing of raping nomads. He also escorted An-khi to a secret ceremony of incense and chants at the Ptah Temple where she would have been otherwise barred. Sebek concealed her in priest’s robes. Even her father had not witnessed such a sight. 
Throughout their times together, An-khi was consistently aware that whenever Sebek squared himself to her, heat came over her as if she stood in a humid breeze.
One evening, after an elegant dinner as well as entertainment of dancers and acrobats at a treasury official’s estate, Sebek and An-khi strolled onto the garden. Beneath a pergola, vine garlands above them, he seized her arm and turned her to him, inserting his feet inside hers. He snaked his arm around her waist and his dark hand crawled up her back. His palm posed on the roundness of her shoulder. Slowly, surely, he pressed his lips to hers. She didn’t help and she didn’t resist.

Beginning that black midnight when the desert woman brought the blank young man with the childish grin to the Hituptah Temple, the Ptah priests fed him bread, water and purpose. Bare of past and future, he didn’t speak unless spoken to, and then only in a mumble. He usually kept his eyes shut. The young man heeded the drone in his mind.
Because he gave no name, High-priest Siptah named him Anhur after the warrior god, the slayer of enemies.


Chapter 23
REMEMBERING TO AWAKEN
Drone blaring in his ears, Anhur hoed a channel in the Ptah Temple fields. Watching water flow through soil quieted the drone and soothed his nightmares, terrible dreams he saw even in the daytime no matter how tight he shut his eyes. In the dreams, he was walking, forever walking across vast sands. Endless slip and rise. His feet ignited on infinities of tiny suns. The suns like scorpions flung their stingers into his eyes.
Days and nights passed. Anhur hoed. His nightmares eased. As did his daymares. The aching in his head slackened enough that his eyes opened in daylight with less pain. The drone began to fade. Hearing became sometimes a pleasure.
Along with feeding Anhur heavenly meals and allowing him the comfort of work, the priests told Anhur stories about the wicked King Khufu. Khufu enslaved people to build his pyramid. His closing the Hituptah Temple meant that only under threat of death could citizens pay tribute to God Ptah. Anhur didn’t like this evil King.
A week after the young man’s appearance, High-priest Siptah himself presented the morning meal to Anhur. Anhur squinted in the full sun’s glare hiding Siptah’s face. The High-priest asked, “How do you feel, dear Anhur, about your stay here?”
Anhur managed to mutter, “Home.”
“Excellent. That’s how we want you to feel.” Siptah reminded Anhur how the priests helped many needy people such as him. “So might you consider helping us?”
Anhur held up his hoe.
“I was thinking of a special help?”
Anhur nodded. Pleasing the High-priest was like a drink of water.
“Good, we will talk of that later. For now, I have a gift for you. It’s a chant.” The High-priest put a hand on Anhur’s shoulder. “Repeat after me: It is Ptah and only Ptah—”
“It is Ptah and only Ptah—”
“—who created the world and me.”
“It is Ptah and only Ptah who created the world and me.”
“My dear Anhur,” the High-priest said, “you possess a talent for lessons. Say this chant whenever you wish to express your gratitude for your home with us. Say it often.”
“It is Ptah and only Ptah who created the world and me.”

That night, Anhur fell asleep reciting the chant. And it changed his nightmares, if not for the better. He dreamt of himself as the evil God-king. Evil and dead.
At dawn near his Per-O lake, the God-king Anhur listened to the swishing of sycamores outside his linen pavilion. Inside, before a dozen dignitaries, his body stretched upon a stone table carved with a lion’s head and legs. Though the weather stung with heat, his body cooled. Prince Hordedef, on a cane and wearing the Controller of the Mysteries stripped robe, trickled a palmful of water from a golden goblet onto the dead God-king. Vizier Shaf, in the Lector Priest white gown, recited from a scroll trailing to the ground. “As the sun arises, bathed by the underworld Nile, so the cleansed Anhur arises.” On the slab, Anhur gladdened that he still sensed his Nile.
Vizier Shaf recited, “Osiris was slain by his brother Seth, the desert god of disorder, but our God-king walks evermore in the Underworld. He detests inertness and so repels decay.”
Hordedef dug into bag upon bag of natron. He sprinkled the white crystals all over Anhur. The moment it touched his flesh, Anhur’s tissues began to shrink. The natron piled upon him. When he emerged, everything will have changed.
My new immortality.
The royal officers posted guards around the pavilion against curious citizens or a jackal eager to drag off a well-salted limb irrespective of the host’s divinity. Anhur set about expelling his liquid night after night, day after day.
Princes Hordedef and Shaf returned to the white pavilion. They cast away the damp natron from their father’s corpse. Under the salt laying, his skin had sucked back onto its bones as black as charred wood. His taut face seemed to grimace. But when Hordedef massaged juniper oil, honey and grape wine into the skin, his expression relaxed and lustered. Through the prince’s warm fingers, the dead God-king measured how cold he’d become. Anhur’s sons and daughters affixed garnet, jade, pearl and emerald rings on each of Khufu’s toes and fingers.
Then, with precision, teams of priests affixed long strips of finest linen around the dead Osiris King, resin adhering one layer to the next. Encircling head, chest, hips and legs, bonding limbs with trunk, they cocooned the God-king. The Royal Artist painted the green of resurrection in Anhur’s likeness onto the facial linen. His ka would thereby recognize him and occupy his body to feast on offerings for his ba to survive and his people to thrive.
Hordedef presented a polished gold mask with silver teeth and lapis lazuli brows over his father’s face. Shaf recited, “The vital breath, the life in us everyone, this god grants himself. That which animates the chick to break from its shell, the sycamore leaf to grow green and the sick to be cured breathes into you.”
Hordedef alighted the gold face onto the last of his father. Anhur looked at his new world through gold eyes.

Anhur woke in a panic over why he’d dreamt of himself as the evil King. Yet, he noticed that his breathing had eased its scratch and that his eyes had ceased their itch. His mind seemed to settle like the water he hoed into soil. This reviving must be due to the chant. “It is Ptah and only Ptah who created the world and me.”
When he was at his hoe that afternoon, sunlight prickled Anhur’s neck like a sharp knocking at the door. Between his feet, a circle of sand grains shone like gems on a necklace. His knees began to tremble. This wobble worked into his thighs, into his back. He dizzied with it. Inside him, mirages of faces and voices began to waver feverishly, tangling and tumbling, until they swept him into a dream.
He clawed through a sandstorm. Hot gray sand, walls of sand, acrid smell and taste of sand. Burning, scratching. A whirring, buzzing drone. Everywhere. Droning. On the farthest horizon of sand, a gray man stooped. Gray and suffocating. Slack arms, collapsing knees, head bulging with the drone. Each successive moment repeated the same nothing. Hot, gray null. Parched and coarse. Sand tore at the gray man, flaying him. His insides spilled out hot gray sand. The simoom whirled him into the drone.
Anhur heard a scream and found himself on the ground—in the dirt—tears in his eyes.
A priest comforted him. “My boy, my boy. Come, we’ll calm you with a small treat. Come, little Anhur.”
As Anhur trailed the priest, new troubling images rose in his mind: an ill female, another female pointing. He blinked them away. “Ptah and only Ptah created the world and me.”
In a corner of the grounds, shaded by acacias, Anhur soaked in cool water poured slowly over his head. It soothed him the heat in his mind. He seemed to float. Clean skin thrilled him. Then, from the drone bobbed up the image of a female. She had a dimple. Anhur strained to remember her.
“Here, Anhur.” The priest gave to him a goblet containing a red liquid. “This has the essence of the lotus flower.” When he drank, the liquid on his tongue tasted sweet. And sweeter with each gulp. Swallowing, warmth skittered down Anhur’s throat and chest, body parts he hadn’t been much noticed before. With a clean body and eased mind, Anhur welcomed to his min soft images of amulets, whiskers and a white-outlined smile. Though he couldn’t place them, they greeted him as a cool breeze.
In the following days, the drone and Anhur’s night terrors dwindled; more and more images sharpened. He could almost remember names. One morning, twenty-five days after Anhur’s arrival, an assistant priest brought him into the temple itself. The priest opened a limestone gate set in the ground. Through it, a corridor stretched below. Anhur hesitated. He remembered something like this happening to him a long time ago: large hands pushed him into another long corridor where he didn’t belong.
“Why are you stalling, little Anhur?”
“My trespass in a temple is … blasphemy, isn’t it?” He hadn’t spoken so many words since he didn’t know when.
“Not when you are invited.”
Anhur spread his grin, risked himself forward and clapped his feet onto the limestone floor. Its chill braced his heart. In the muted light of the corridor, he thought he saw the images of a home: amulets on its walls, a carving of God Bes, an empty mattress. He balked again.
“Hurry, you donkey.” The priest tugged him past each hallowed space in the temple— ritual chambers, offering niches, the Hap Bull corral. Anhur took in the sight of grand limestone and alabaster, inspiring the recall of that similar deified building.
“Due to the way you came to us,” the priest said, “we believe you to be a special friend of the great God Ptah. Since the God deems Anhur so highly, Anhur shouldn’t think twice of obeying Ptah’s wish for him.”
That God Ptah would even consider him caused Anhur to rise taller as if stones had tumbled from his shoulders. Blood surged into his heart. The drone hushed. Completely. And then, friendly voices and countless images of smiling faces emerged. One woman had a dimple, a young man wore a bandana and an older man had uneven eyes.
The priest deposited Anhur in an anteroom off the corridor. From an adjoining chamber, two men spoke. One voice belonged to High-priest Siptah. Anhur instead heeded voices he imagined. One in particular. It was female. It soothed his ears. He concentrated. Her words grew distinct: “Excuse me, but do I know you?” The words alarmed him. Anhur could not place a name or face to the voice, but his heartbeat quickened. He should know that voice. Anhur closed his eyes, trying to remember.
Words spoken by the two men in the next chamber intruded on his thoughts.
“During the Opening of the Mouth ceremony, the princes wear the jackal mask,” Siptah was saying. “Neutralize one of the princes and conceal yourself in his robe and mask.”
“You mean, I kill him,” said a second voice.
That voice. Anhur’s gut shook. Like a rock had been pitched at it. He remembered a rock thrown at his stomach so hard that it left a red welt. It was thrown by—
“In any event, whatever is required.”
“Show me the diagram,” the voice said.
“The princes will convey Khufu’s mummy to the sanctuary at the rear—here—of the mortuary temple. Therefore, prior to that, you must have infiltrated yourself into the procession. Are you certain you’ll be invited?”
“I am a dragomen. A King’s friend. I’m invited with the best of them.”
Anhur started. That voice ...
Siptah said, “Quite so. And invading the valley temple presents you with no problem?”
“If you’re not lying about having a puppet.”
As if doused in cold water, Anhur shuddered. He knew that voice.
“Our young man,” said Siptah, “will be dutiful in creating a diversion while you maneuver yourself into the mortuary temple.”
The voice he was remembering said, “I don’t have to slog the mummy all the way back to Hituptah. I can take care of it.”
That’s the voice ... of ...
“No!” Siptah said. “No! I must be certain the mummy is destroyed. It is the only way to prove the Gods’ disfavor for the King.”
The King. The King’s mummy? They mean to destroy the God-king’s mummy? My dream—the dead God-king. The King was not evil. He saw a vision of a young woman with deep-set eyes saying, “Do something.”
“So who’s this puppet you got?” His brother’s words lurched in his mind: “Father is a tomb-robber,” “Angry that your girl was stroking me?” “He’s after you now.”
“Call him.”
“Anhur.”
He was already running down the temple corridor, stumbling as if the cold stone was breaking up under him like thin ice. 
“Anhur! Anhur!”
Through the secret entrance, he escaped into the blistering heat. Tears shook from his eyes. Blindly, up a hill, he raced as hard as his awkward body allowed. On a plateau, a quarter-mile from the temple, he crumpled to his knees, breathless, crying, tears hot on his face.
“Mehi.”
A familiar voice—
“Mehi.”
His name, his childhood name. Mehi pulled up his head. He saw, standing by him, a man— uneven eyes, white beard, large hands on his hips, wide smile on the face—the old man Mehi had been seeing.
“Mehi, I’ve missed you.”
Faces, voices and odors jumbled in Mehi’s mind. Queasy with them, he shook his head. The man squatted and put his arm around his friend. “Cry, Mehi. You need it.”
Mehi remembered the man’s name. “Djedi?”
“Yes, Mehi. Kenna told me that he saw you here at the temple. As for what you’re doing here, I can’t imagine.”
The horrid words of his brother’s plotting worked on his heart like a stone grinder. “My brother. My brother.”
“Peace, sweet Mehi. Peace.”
“My brother.”
“Come home with me. We’ll get you well.”

Sebek agreed to visit An-khi at her office early one morning. He had seen his visit as a first step in his eventually assuming her position as governor. After all, dragoman duties bored him now. As governor, he’d meet daily with rich people seeking judicial and other appointments, escape from conscription and taxes, or a favorable decision in a lawsuit. They would each invest in his favor for a flattering price. He would command a standing army. Not even the Khufu had that. 
But when he sat down on pillows across from An-khi, presiding behind her low table, he learned that she had her own intention.
“I have become aware that the Hituptah priests,” she started, “are resorting to a campaign of feeding the poor while indoctrinating them into believing that God-king Khufu should be blamed for death and disease resulting from this drought.”
Instantly, Sebek knew she wanted something from him. He was in negotiation. “No more than he deserves.”
An-khi’s eyes narrowed and her tone hardened. “Provincial records show that rates of death this year are no higher than in previous years.”
Sebek suppressed a shrug. 
An-khi said, “The priests coerce no differently than whipping people at the stake.” 
Sebek squirmed.
“I have tried every persuasion with Head-priest Siptah, but to no avail. So—
Sebek thought, Here it comes. 
“—with your influence with the Hituptah priests, judging by your ability to smuggle me into their secret ritual,” she said with a smile, “that you might see what you can do in this area.”
Sebek was relieved. This wouldn’t be such a trial. “I may have some pull there. But they’ll want something tangible in return for their food.”
“Isn’t doing the right thing the reward?”
Was this woman as simple as Mehi after all? “That’s why you’re governor.”
An-khi put her hands on the table and pushed herself back. “Cooperation, Sebek. Mehi knew it. I wonder whether you have this quality.”
Sebek knew this was her negotiation. He’d follow her bidding—or at least a semblance of it—for any chance of mating her—and asserting himself as governor. “I see what you mean.” Actually, as the High-priest’s assassin, convincing Siptah would be simple. “Consider it done.” For the time, he would cooperate, but taking orders from a woman sat like rotted fruit in his stomach.

On a morning when love songs of hoopoes and gold orioles seemed to have returned to the sycamores, An-khi walked through Hituptah to check on Sebek’s promise. She turned over in her mind her illustrious weeks with him. As she had seen when she first met him, Sebek was every bit the personal force her father had been. And, she saw Mehi through his brother. Sebek certainly appreciated the finer things like exotic food, wines and entertainment.
Still, An-khi knew that before things between them developed further she must exert some control in the relationship. She had to test not only his loyalty but also his commitment to cooperation. Cooperation Egypt required today and that had been so much of Mehi’s nature.
When she reached the Hituptah Temple of Ptah, a crowd had gathered as usual outside the main entrance. Priests handed out onions and bread to them, but no priests were walking among the people. They weren’t whispering their slanted view of the God-king and the God Ra state religion. This confirmed her scribes’ reports from the local and outer areas of the province. The priests fed the citizens only food, not fear.
Yes, Sebek just might be the perfect combination of her father and Mehi.

Mid-afternoon, in bed, Khufu prodded his body among the pillows and blankets to dance with the jangling harps and laughter wafting to him from the New Moon Festival. He imagined his stores of pumpkin and watermelon, roasted geese and gazelle, as well as red wine and black beer disappearing into his citizens’ smiles as they chattered, sang and danced.
Khufu’s ear infection had wormed into his head where Djedi, Pese’shet nor the Per-O physicians could any longer retrieve it. During the year’s last month, citizens no longer mourned for the Nile searching out water like a parched tongue, but cheered for their God-king who would soon kiss the earth, pass on his voluptuousness to the succeeding king, restore ma’at to Egypt, invoke the Inundation, fertilize the land and again feed the belly and heart of his people.
“They’re dancing, are they, Hordedef?” Khufu’s voice rasped like shredding cloth.
“Like red fish, Father.” The second prince stood with the other children at the foot of their father’s bed.
His sleepy eyes wandered from the windows to his children. “Luxuriate in your body. Exhilarate your soul.” Khufu stopped to inhale. “If you do not shine, we are dark.”
“Is that from your book, Sire?”
Khufu winked.
Attendants waving palm fronds on either side of Khufu’s bed lightened the heat. Blue lotus perfume masked the God-king’s odor of moldering leaves. Prince Khemtatef and Princess Merysankh knelt before their father and then kissed his lips. He searched their faces. “Sweet memory.” He laughed—without much sound. “Say I am not beautiful to conceive such children.”
Next, Heru pressed his cheek to his father’s cheek.
Khufu managed to lift an arm to brush his son’s hair. “O, if wish alone ... empowered me to return your twin to you ... Peace, Heru, sleep and giggle ... as you did as a babe.”
Heru flung his arms around his father.
Dedephor, next in line, didn’t move forward. His head hung.
“Go,” Shaf told him.
Khufu countered Shaf with a shake of his head. “Those who craft humor are often the most sorrowful.” His eyes on Dedephor, he arched an eyebrow. “You always managed to cheer me, dear. I desire laughter when I depart this flat earth for the round sky. That’s something ... you can do for me.”
Dedephor looked. A playful smile crept into his cheeks. He stepped up to kneel beside his father. “This duty to maintain Egypt’s divinity that you inherited from the original Gods has been of no purpose, your Majesty. For—as your father Seneferu once informed me—you were adopted.”
Khufu’s laugh burst out. “‘You were adopted,’” he repeated to his children, coughs mixing with his hoots. “Wonder ... wonderful.” Agony in his ear shooting through to his jaw cramped his laughter. His head spun. A moment later, he recovered enough to pat Dedephor a good-bye.
The four younger children exited the suite.
“Of all days, I must be a god today. Inside this ruining flesh ... my spirit rages.”
Shaf said, “A god you are, KhnumKhufwey. A god prior to coming to us, you will be a God where you go.”
Shaf’s timbre denoted a depth of sincerity that so surprised his father that Khufu checked to be sure it was Shaf who had spoken.
In turn, Hentusen, Shaf and Hordedef highlighted God-king Khufu’s advances in architecture, irrigation, education, mining, trade, citizen petition, labor organization and—the ultimate wonder—his perfect pyramid. The God-king realized that the next instance he visited his pyramid would be his last.
Then, eager, Khufu strained to present his hand to Princess Hentusen. She clasped it. “My coldness,” he said, “hurt you and me. Be assured, daughter, I traced your growth ... from infant to girl to woman. My heart quaked I loved you so.” Her eyes widened. “I now give you ... a hundred times every one of those kisses missed.” Hentusen’s father kissed each of her cheeks in turn until he couldn’t hold up his head.
Swallowing, the princess whispered, “Consider Father, I am equally at fault for not each day requesting you to kiss me as you have today.” Hentusen drew Khufu’s hand to her breast. The princess bowed as she withdrew.
Shaf immediately rushed forward and thrust forward his arms in the pose of a wrestler beginning a match. Khufu grinned, dragged his arms from under the covers, and intertwined them with his son’s. They tugged and twisted, Shaf cheering on his father. The God-king growled as he could and snorted in glee. Then, Khufu’s arms dropped from his son. He panted. Dizziness swirled his head until his mind seemed to float away. Yet, Khufu’s smile shone from his pale orange face. Shaf kissed his father’s forehead, bed, the floor tiles and departed.
Khufu listened to laughter pealing from the festival. That’s the north wind blowing my immortality toward the afterworld. He all but fell asleep.
His eyes opened onto Prince Hordedef, the last child he’d kiss. “Here is a man.”
Hordedef’s eyes flickered.
“Through the years, I wounded you,” Khufu said. “Forgive me.” The prince seemed about to speak. “Yet, you remained true to yourself. I say to you, the man forgives and the god finds peace. Peace comes by deeds, not rest. And because I forgive, I discover that you have attained the aerie of a perfect son.”
The God-king gulped a breath as did Hordedef.
Khufu turned over his hand to show the prince his fingertips. “Witness how these designs whirl to their center and vanish there. That is my path now.”
Hordedef slid his palm beneath his father’s head. “Vanishing is not in you.” The prince’s complexion inflamed.
“Son,” Khufu resumed, “Ramose carries the document I’ve signed as to who will succeed me as God-king. Shaf carries on as vizier, but as my father passed on to his son and his father to him ... I bestow Ra’s magic over the Inundation to he who is most worthy to revive it.” Khufu poised a shaky hand above Hordedef as if to crown him. “The next god on earth, the next God-king of Egypt will be you.”
Hordedef, staring wide-eyed at his father, bowed under his father’s hand.
“You are Co-regent and heir apparent.”
Hordedef then wrapped his arms around his father and rested his head on Khufu’s chest.
The two spoke for an hour of Egypt’s future.

Khufu woke twenty-six hours later.
He dismissed his physician and attendants, and called for a royal scribe. The young man entered and kissed the tiles. Painstaking and anxious against disturbing the fragile God-king—Khufu observed—he sat with folded legs, steadied his tool tray on a knee, papyrus sheet on the other and poised his quill. Khufu demanded, his voice breaking, “Why treat me with such disrespect?”
“Sire?” The scribe’s eyebrows and chin quivered.
“What deceives you to believe ... that I don’t welcome human noise? Never. I go out laughing, boy. Ring out some human clatter ... or an old man’s whoops will drown you out.”
The scribe broke out a small smile.
Khufu narrowed his hawk’s eyes. “Boy? Do you have a woman?”
“Yes, Sire.”
“Do you demand that she share her thoughts with you? Do you share your thoughts with her?”
“Um, um ...”
“I found a woman,” Khufu interrupted, his eyes unfocused. “A queen.”
“Of course, your Majesty. Grandmother Meritates.”
“No. But speaking of her, do you have enemies?”
“None that I know.”
“My enemies—this very minute they come at me as sure as Ra to pick at the gold on my mummy’s toes and eyes—I forgive them. And that zealot with the wet face of hate: ‘It is Ptah Ra and only Ptah Ra who created the world and me.’” Khufu laughed. Pain stabbed in his head. He continued laughing.
Menkau waited.
Khufu nestled in the bed to sort his bones. He gazed through his suite’s window at the late afternoon. “Yes, let them go, Mehi.”
“Sire, my name is Menkau. Son to Vizier Shaf.”
“Prepare your pen.” Khufu recited, listened to the scribe read it back, and corrected it “to be more pleasing and to the point.” The scribe read its final form. 
The Imperishable Stars and I
Sail north in the Nile
Soar south in warm breezes
Rise easterly with Ra
And settle in the west forever
Death extends me everywhere
“So,” said Khufu, his eyelids drooping, “am I really so frightening?”
“No, Majesty,” Menkau said with a smile, “not at all.”
“Tell me ...” Khufu forgot what he meant to say.
“Yes, Sire?”
“What is the hour, timekeeper?”
“Tepi m’sheru, your Majesty.”
“Son, describe the sun’s finale for me.”
Menkau bounded up to the window. “The sun is setting.”
“No, no. Tell me. Is the sky a field of wild roses?”
Menkau shrugged. “No, Sire.”
Khufu closed his eyes. “Does the whole of the sky blush with pinks and rich orange? Does the sky even curve like a rose petal? Son, is it rose?”
After a long pause, Menkau said, “Yes, Sire, if you will.”
“Good. And at the horizon, are there whorls of silver clouds drawing away to infinity?”
“Yes, Majesty, I see them. Radiant silver.”
“And in the middle of this floats the sun as buoyant as a lotus.”
“It’s ever so like a lotus.” Menkau’s voice pitched. “Violets and scarlet and, over all, a blood orange haloes it.”
“Yes. Colors pursue the sun like the train of a royal robe draping the horizon.”
“Or like cleaving an agate to find pink and violet whirls.”
“Yes, yes. Yes.”
Over the next minutes, Menkau painted with words the sunset’s pastels mingling into indigo. Khufu’s eyes fluttered in his drifting toward sleep. “Majesty?”
The God-king stirred.
“Pardon me, Majesty ... are you afraid to die?”
Khufu shook his huge head, difficult as it was. “I don’t fear death. I fear losing the love of life.”
The two men paused.
“Good night, great God-king Khufu. Sleep well.”
“Good night, Mehi.”

Khufu lapsed between dream and daydream.
Under turquoise skies, he and Theormi meandered beneath the garden pergola. The lovers enwrapped one another while their hands and lips explored unguided. He dreamt up tales to fascinate her. She laughed with the purity of a child. Past sycamores posed like dancers, the two slipped into the greenhouse, breathing in the sweet humidity.
Spotting the interior pond’s lotus flowers, Khufu’s face lit up. “Ah, yes. I’ll fulfill my promise.” The God-king lumbered into the pond and stumbled.
“Careful,” Theormi called.
He giggled. “I’m a bull when excited.”
Khufu leaned down and plucked eight blue lotus and a young vine. He curled the blossoms onto the vine and draped the garland around her neck. “A circle—as your orbit with me since the day I pledged this garland to you.”
“You remember,” Theormi said, bouncing the garland atop her chest.
“How could I forget?” His brows lifted. “This garland symbolizes how we continually join at one bloom and retreat until the next bloom.”
“Medjau,” she said smiling, “every time you’ve come to me or I’ve come to you—”
“—pesh-it.”
“—I conceive more of myself.”
“Linked by the lotus, we are Egypt.” The God-king tugged a blue petal from Theormi’s garland. He crushed it along her wrist, lowered his face there and inhaled. He eased back. “Beside you, I am more, more Khufu, more God-king. You render me peaceful.”
Theormi grinned. “You supply me grand meals of red fish.”
Khufu pitched back his head and roared laughter.
The pair stopped at the roses. She said, “We played a game here years ago. You shut your eyes and guessed from which bush grew a particular blossom. I never conceded that it was not a trick on your part.”
He winked at her before closing both eyes. “Begin, my dear.”
After a moment, she passed a rose under his nose and he breathed in the fragrance. His brow twitched. He wavered.
“Another pass?”
“No need,” he said with a flick of his hand. “That’s certainly from the third bush.”
The rose was from the second bush. Each of the following three attempts was also incorrect. She did not let him know of his errors.
He opened his eyes with a victor’s glee. “That proves my talent with flowers was no trick or I would have used the trick again.” He kissed her. “That’ll teach you to doubt your King.”
“Oh, my pesh-ti, I never did that.”
The two lovers lingered in the perfume and warmth. King and Queen whispered of their citizens, all heroes like Mehi, and the perfection of their love.

At noon, Queen Theormi of the Medja-Wawat exited the Per-O suite of the Osiris God-king. In the corridor, Co-Regent Hordedef greeted her.
She said, “I’m not certain he knew I was here.”
“I’m certain he did.”
“He may not be fully with us, but he won’t be gone.” Theormi reached to touch Hordedef’s forearm. “I’m sure you’ve read his book.”
“Yes, indeed. A great poetry.”
“In the book, Khufu emulated your wisdom. He aspired to be as wise. You are the God-king now, Hordedef. You will be so in your unique way. He wrote, ‘You are the kingdom and the King.’”
The next God-king paused, his pupils enlarging. 
“He loved you, Hordedef.”
“Ah, Theormi, I realize that—now.” He looked away, then back to Theormi. A slight smile came to his lips. “The Medja-Wawat have a wise Queen. Will you stay?”
“Until Khufu is prepared for his funeral, my place is with my people. When he is placed in the pyramid, I will return.”

In the dusk between dreams, Khufu saw his ka fly up and hover alongside him. Balancing onto one shoulder, sensing his brittle body and slowing heartbeat, he reached up and hugged the fluttering ka to his chest. Father, mother, sons, daughters, Theormi and every citizen came forward and warm in his arms also danced with him like bees in the hive. The God-king’s eyes alighted on the gold sun peeking through the window.
Wake forever.
The mortal Khufu submitted to the sun in his final sleep. He dreamt of himself as a blue lotus ejaculating one bountiful Inundation after another after another after another ...


Chapter 24
DIVINING THE DREAM
Under Djedi’s and Pese’shet’s care on a front room mattress, Mehi tossed in uneasy sleep—limbs rickety and breaths scant. Each day for hours, Pese’shet brushed his skin first with rough cloth and then with satiny linen. Djedi waved sizzling garlic and fermenting barley under his nose. Those moments Mehi wakened—without opening his eyes—they fed him milk, soup, pigeon stew and of course pomegranate seeds.
Faces and voices, including the woman with the dimple saying “Do something,” filled Mehi’s dreams. Most calmed him. One did not. Over and over—Mehi writhed to avoid it—his brother said: “I’ll kill him.”
After weeks, Mehi finally woke with fully opened eyes.
Blinking, he adjusted to the room’s dim light. All was quiet. With a small groan, he pushed up from his mattress, steadied himself, rubbed his face, and stepped out the door. Outside, the honeyed night layered upon him. He traced his fingertips across his ribs and belly and shivered like a newborn touching air for the first time. Inhaling a deep breath, he lifted his head and eyes. Yellow and orange frosted the stars. Their constancy lightened his heart. Another constancy was the image in his mind of dimpled An-khi.
An-khi is all around me yet she’s so far away. She’s everywhere yet my voice is too quiet for her to hear. Waving air toward his nose, he inhaled the aroma of Egypt’s barley, limestone and blue lotus. He remembered Sebek’s voice and cringed. But it was too fantastic to believe that his said those things. Could anyone be that evil? Was Sebek even in Egypt? And the Ptah priests themselves involved? No, Mehi must have dreamt it.
Yet, Mehi did not return to sleep though its tempting of him was beautiful.

Before dawn, Djedi and Pese’shet entered the front room to see Mehi sitting up and grinning. “That’s the old Mehi,” the magician said.
“The new Mehi,” corrected his wife, pouring cool water for him.
The two sat together, but Mehi couldn’t answer their questions about his eclipse—it had lasted for a month, they told him. Trying to remember anything from that time knotted his stomach.
They heard shouting from outside as if from a group of people running past the home.
“What’s that?” Mehi asked.
Djedi lowered his eyes. Pese’shet rubbed her husband’s hand. “The God-king has kissed the earth, Mehi. God-king Hordedef set the gold mask this morning.”
Her answer pierced Mehi like a chisel. Was he too late? Too late to stop his brother? “Is Khufu in the pyramid?”
Djedi slowly replied. “That will occur the day before the New Year.”
“What’s today?
“The final day of the year. Heriu Renpet begins tomorrow.”
Mehi still had a chance. I have the five days between the years. I can be certain whether I dreamt Sebek’s plot. Five days. Mehi sat back. He began to remember vague images of Prince Hordedef lowering a gold mask. Had he dreamt it? “My good God-king. Senbeb.”
Mehi knew Egyptians would grieve for the Osiris King in ways they didn’t yet know. He wanted to spread his own spirit over everyone. Protecting Khufu’s mummy was now his calling. He decided against telling Djedi what he might have heard his brother say. Djedi would be duty-bound to report it to the Per-O, threatening Sebek’s life, not to mention the life of a High-priest. Mehi couldn’t be the cause of that based on what he might have dreamt.
Pese’shet said, “This will please you, Mehi. Khufu declared your friend Prince Hordedef to be the God-king to follow him.”
Mehi laughed. His long-unused facial muscles smarted.
Djedi said, “Hordedef has endured much and deserved Khufu’s tribute. However, it will be difficult for him.”
“What do you mean?”
“Not five minutes after the selection, Vizier Shaf scorned Hordedef by saying to him, ‘Your ill health won’t keep me waiting long.’”
Mehi said, “Why couldn’t the vizier just congratulate his brother?”
Djedi added, “I can only hope that Shaf waits for Hordedef’s natural end before he continues his ambitions. His plots insult their father.”
Pese’shet and Mehi nodded.
Gripping his beard, Djedi looked hard at Mehi. “Khufu goes to the stars to see his father Seneferu.” The magician paused. “And it is time for you, my friend, to go home to your father.”
“Father?” Mehi felt inside him something akin to a knife cutting a pomegranate.
Pese’shet said, “Don’t you want to see how he’s getting on?”
Djedi added, “I let him know you are coming.”
Waiting for his answer, Pese’shet and Djedi both leaned toward Mehi.
He glanced back and forth at his friends. Mehi tossed up his hands. “Tu, tu. I’ll go.” He surprised himself that he wanted to visit his father.

As if he’d stepped onto shore after a long voyage, Mehi wavered on a rise overlooking Mer’s clustered huts. The third-quarter moon over his shoulder, he watched the town’s orange lamplights flicker in the evening as hot as his grief. Here resided the ruins of his family following the tomb-robbery. His mother and brother were gone. And though his father was at least partly responsible for both absences, this is where Mehi would find his family.
He scuffed down the hill.
The village clearing was ragged with weeds. A year ago, Mer villagers celebrated Khufu’s Heb-Sed with roasted goose here. Walking into the honeycomb alleys of huts, Mehi saw children through gaps in the huts’ thatch walls staring their thin, dirty faces at him. He didn’t hear or see any goat, sheep or even pig. Surely they’d been sacrificed to Set, deity of desert and drought. Some villagers had painted vases of blue water on their huts, tributes to God Osiris. Osiris ruled the Nile, water, moisture and—the last sigh of life—humidity. Khufu was now the Osiris King.
Thirst scratched across Mehi’s throat. Before his month-long void, he hadn’t noticed these effects of the drought.
Of earlier droughts, his father had told Sebek and Mehi bedtime stories about citizens robbing gravesites for food offerings or fathers selling their daughters. The worst was—Horemheb’s voice would sharpen dagger-like when he told this story—cannibalism. Neighbors standing on rooftops would “fish for people in the alleys, flinging down huge hooks on ropes.” Remembering that story, Mehi glanced up to the rooftops. He avoided the faces of the few men and women he passed so he wouldn’t wonder if their hunger was that extreme. Still, he sensed hunger exuding from them like sweat. One man greeted him with the prayer, “Osiris is water.”
Pese’shet had told him that Kenna had called on Mehi while he slept. Remembering the sweat of their arms during their pyramid work reminded Mehi of another arm, An-khi’s arm, pointing at something. His gut twisted. He next pictured his mother becoming sick on herself ... He’d also find and visit Wabt. He’d explain to her, somehow, about his behavior during their marriage.
With a shiver, Mehi came to the head of his parents’ alley. Here, after witnessing the tomb-robbing pit a year ago, he’d feebly confronted his father. Perhaps Mehi’s recollections hinted that his health was improving, but he wished he could choose which memories returned. 
Inside the courtyard, he faced the family home. It was painted blue—for homecoming. Could this be for him? Mehi amazed himself to feel grateful for a place to come home to.
Stepping between the entry’s blue doorframe, he smelled traces of clay soap as he had when his mother was alive. In the dark hut, his eyes sifted through shadows. Its sparse furnishings came into view. Then, Horemheb. He was sitting down against a wall stroking a cat. Khety’s cat. It had been tame only for Khety. Horemheb hummed to it. This wasn’t the father Mehi remembered. Horemheb seemed small and peaceful.
“Father?” Mehi whispered, tuneful and gentle.
Horemheb yanked up the cat as a shield. He searched for whoever had invaded his home, his pupils enlarging.
“Father, it’s Mehi. I’m home.”
Bit by bit, Horemheb’s pupils focused on his younger child. His eyebrows lowered and his hands shot up, the cat leaping away. “Son.” Horemheb wrenched himself up, stiff and off-balance.
Mehi edged a second step onto the home’s dirt floor.
“I got scared.” Horemheb chuckled at himself, eyes welling. “Tem me—and I knew you were coming.” He butted his hand against his forehead, holding back tears. “Forgive an old man. I’m happy. I don’t know why I’m flooding.”
Mehi’s mouth dangled open. Imagine—his father crying. And Mehi the reason for it, merely arriving home. His father melted into a human being right before his eyes. Awe alone stemmed Mehi’s tears. All those years he’d blamed his father ... what for now? The bitterness he tasted was for someone who seemed to no longer exist.
Horemheb clapped his palms on the top of his son’s shoulders. They pressed closer and nearly attained a hug.
“Here, come along,” said the father. “Sit with me.” The two reclined on pillows, the cat jumping back onto Horemheb’s lap. “Some old guy said you’d be coming.”
“Djedi.”
“I knew when I got Sebek to hunt for you, he’d fetch you home.”
“Sebek? What about Sebek?” Mehi spoke more loudly than he’d intended. Horemheb appeared befuddled at how he might have upset his son, his eyes widening and his mouth hanging open. Mehi softened his tone. “Tell me about Sebek.”
“He used his important friends, plowing his contacts to get you home.”
“He’s here?” Mehi admitted that, oddly, his brother had brought him home, though not in the way their father believed. Let Horemheb have his happy confusion about that. “Yes, Father.”
“Your mother and I are very proud.”
Did Horemheb believe that Khety was alive? 
“You been scribing in ...,” began Horemheb. “Which province?”
Mehi wondered if he had been a scribe. No, no. More of his father’s muddle.
Horemheb answered for him. “One of those big ones up north. I forget which. My mind doesn’t work like it used to.”
Forgetting—that was Mehi’s trick. He’d forgotten more than his father ever had.
“Well, tell me about your scribing anyway.”
Mehi decided he should create a story. Before he could think of one, Horemheb said, “It’s festival to have you home. This’d be your mother’s happiest day.”
Good, Horemheb did realize that Khety was gone.
“That reminds me. That girl of yours is coming over.”
“What? You mean An-khi?”
“I don’t mean that other one,” said Horemheb with the cruel laugh that had always made Mehi cringe. “Tu, An-khi.”
Mehi loved hearing her name. Notes plucked on a harp. His father had permitted Mehi to say it again. He licked its taste on his lips.
“She’s a good one,” Horemheb said. “Smiles like your mother. Said she’d be here. Any minute now.”
Mehi’s heartbeat sped. Sweat broke on his hairline. He wouldn’t be able to hide his lost month from her. He should bolt out of there. He paced the room. Maybe his father was confused about who was here and who would be arriving.
“Mehi.”
He spun toward the raspy voice. He’d forgotten its sound if not its power. In the doorway, An-khi’s silhouette cut its shape. Like no other. Ready to spring like an antelope. She ran and hugged him. He set his arms around her, stopping short of touching his palms to her back despite his hands’ urge. Her body sparked Mehi like the tingling of a leg or arm after it had fallen asleep. Like all of him had fallen asleep.
“Let me see you,” she said, holding him at arm’s length. “Ah Mehi, you’re safe. We were persuaded you’d be missing forever.”
An-khi again in my eyes and arms. Her eyes’ niche, her lips white shadow, and her voice dropping off like stones skipped across water. Mehi’s boyhood grin spread his cheeks.
“Well, Father,” An-khi said to Horemheb, “isn’t it wonderful that Mehi’s finally home.”
“Beautiful.”
“Let me see you.” Putting her arm on Mehi’s shoulder, An-khi led him to an oil-lamp she lit. “We have to catch up.”
Mehi shuddered.
They sat together on either side of the flame. Its orange hue played on their faces though it didn’t penetrate the recesses of An-khi’s eyes. 
“Where were you? What did you do?”
Mehi yearned to enthrall An-khi with story after story throughout the night. Yet, he had no stories. He had achieved nothing since he’d last spoken to her—when she pointed at the stones. How could he tell her that?
When Mehi didn’t speak, Horemheb jumped in. “He’s been scribing down at that province. I told you that.”
His father’s anger completed a cycle—it once bullied Mehi, now it defended him.
An-khi lowered her eyes, indicating to Mehi that she understood Horemheb’s confusion. She halted her questions. The dark wells of An-khi’s eyes then steadied on Mehi. He longed to meet her again, afresh, a second chance for that day in the water, the Inundation imminent, the world new.
“You’d be pleased, Mehi,” An-khi piped. “I serve food at the pyramid. Me. Since Khufu’s illness, Egypt’s organization has lagged. Vizier Shaf seems more concerned with designing his pyramid and disrupting Co-regent Hordedef.” An-khi giggled. “I’ve even helped to route food to the pyramid site. I’m cooperating, just like you, Mehi.”
Mehi’s mind spun. An-khi had come to admire what mattered so much to him, Khufu’s pyramid—the Horizon of Sunrise and Sunset. During his absence, they’d drawn closer.
He had to say something to her. Fill in this silence. Perhaps if he simply started talking, true words would come forward. He’d hurry out every thought no matter what they turned out to be. Mehi opened his mouth to begin when a shadow at the front doorway drew his eyes. His grin froze. “Sebek.”
“Hello, little brother.”
“Son.” Horemheb hurried to his elder son as he had to his younger one. “This is beautiful. Both my boys back in the house.” Their father clutched Sebek’s arm and beamed at Mehi. “Your mother is smiling on us. She’s proud of me for getting us all together.”
Horemheb beckoned for Mehi to join them. Mehi stood and shuffled to him. Between his sons, Horemheb curved an arm around each of their shoulders, smiling back and forth to them. “It’s like nobody ever went away.”
Sebek smirked at his brother, mocking their father’s giddiness. Mehi turned his face away. Tomorrow, he’d begin trailing Sebek to confirm whether or not his brother was a traitor. He’d gather evidence to square his uncertain memory. Ma’at required proof. Yet, tonight, the dread of spying on an innocent brother or establishing his guilt, Mehi began to sweat like a fish too long in the sun.
“Just like it was,” Horemheb said. “Mehi and An-khi will get together again and get a house together.”
“Uh, Father,” said Sebek, “that would be nice, except that An-khi lives with me. Remember?”
Mehi didn’t hear that, couldn’t have heard that.
“Oh tu,” laughed Horemheb. “She’s with you now, huh.”
The dirt chilled beneath Mehi’s feet. An-khi is living with Sebek?
“Who blames me not remembering right in all this excitement?” Horemheb turned to An-khi. “Come on over here, daughter.” He pulled her into a tight huddle, their eight shoulders squishing up.
When they broke apart, Sebek gazed down his nose at Mehi. He smiled as if a cat playing with a trapped mouse. “Little brother, offer your congratulations.” He thrust an arm about An-khi’s middle. She squirmed in his grasp. “Me and An-khi is great news to come home to. Isn’t it?”
Mehi gawked at An-khi, straining to comprehend who she’d become. Darkness beyond her high cheekbones hid any answer.
He withdrew to a corner, folding his legs under him, and let the others visit without him. An-khi talked about her combating the drought on the estate. Her voice’s rasp kissed him, her hair’s waves swept through him, and her eyes shut him out. Sebek recounted how he’d argued a garlic buyer into a “superior” trade. Mehi recalled as a child a game of catch with Sebek and his gang. Sebek had purposely struck Mehi in the gut with a rock he’d thrown with full might from close range. The resulting welt caused Mehi less pain than knowing it meant Sebek didn’t want his brother near him.
Then Mehi realized this punch to the gut was just what he’d done to Wabt. The shadow of a chisel crossed his heart. How could he make it up to her? Was his penance the marriage of An-khi and Sebek? Mehi thought of their marriage bed—the caress and press of skin, wet kisses, slip of tongue and An-khi’s myrrh perfume … Mehi’s flesh itched. Couldn’t he just crawl back into the cocoon of sleep? Couldn’t life protect him from these attacks of imagination? Would he always have to imagine An-khi with Sebek as one body joined? 
As An-khi and Sebek spoke, their words sounded to Mehi like barks and squeals of desert hyenas.
Soon after, Mehi excused himself from his family’s home. His father said, “Don’t be gone so long this time.”
Mehi wandered into the black desert. Its blank rhythms drained him while its heat gnawed at him. The drone in his head began anew. In it he tried to submerge Sebek’s voice announcing his crime and marriage. His brother claimed everything he had ever clamped his hands on—including An-khi—and still he would betray his nation. No thankfulness. Mehi was sure he had heard his brother plotting with the High-priest.
Feet in the desert, Mehi’s legs drained as if he was falling into the Underworld. He clutched his knees. In his mind rose the word setcher, to lie down in sleep or death. As his sister and mother had. 
But as he continued to stomp in the sand, he considered how setcher also described the Sleepless One, the Eternal One—God Ra. In Mehi’s dizziness, he began to imagine that it was his sister and mother who had retrieved him from his wandering in the desert. They had been here in the desert when he was here. They had been sleepless and eternal.
To repay them, Mehi would embark at once to save the Good God Khufu. Starting tonight and for the next five days until Osiris Khufu’s entombment, he would trail Sebek whenever his brother left his—and An-khi’s—home. 
Mehi pounded feeling back into his legs. However much he evaded thinking about his brother’s plot to defile his family further, he must do something.
Only he could.
He turned heel on the desert and made for home.

Mehi needed help. He sought out Kenna. 
Before the next day’s dawn, outside Kenna’s family hut, Mehi waited until his friend emerged. After his confusion about who was lurking in the dark, Kenna recognized Mehi. He whooped and, dropping his clapnet, wrapped Mehi in his burly arms until Mehi hurt. “You’ve returned, old boy.” Kenna pulled back and playfully slapped both sides of his friend’s face. “Come on, give me that grin. Ah, yes, there it is. You’re really back.”
“I am, I am. Thanks to you.”
Kenna bowed. He adjusted his bandana and then retrieved his clapnet. The two began walking down the alley.
Mehi said, “You’re doing well with the fishing then?”
“Good enough. Fish is more valuable than ever. Even fluke.” Kenna stopped. “Tem. I didn’t mean … about your mother.”
Mehi shook his head. “Don’t worry.”
“Well, I’m sorry.”
Mehi waved a hand at the net on Kenna’s shoulder. “You’re still a one-man business?”
The two began walking again. “Yes, yes. What I make I keep to myself. You want to help?”
“Actually, I was hoping for your help.”
Kenna bowed. “At your service.”
“When I was at the Hituptah Temple—“
“Yes, what were you doing there anyway?”
Mehi faltered. “That’s a long story. I don’t remember large parts of it.”
Kenna took a long look at his friend. “Hmm.”
“When I was there, I overheard my brother … I heard my brother plotting with the Ptah High-priest.”
“Your brother? Plotting what?”
“I think it was to attack God-king Khufu’s mummy.”
“You think?”
“I can’t be sure. I was in a daze when I was there. But it was my brother’s voice that woke me up.”
“Hmm.” Kenna paused. “Your brother’s a dragoman, right?’
“Tu.”
“Well, you can’t report it. No one’s going to believe you against a dragoman and a High-priest. It’s a pretty crazy story.”
“I know.”
The pair came to the village clearing. They turned under a pair of sycamores down a path toward the Nile. Kenna said, “You said you wanted my help?”
Mehi began to speak rapidly. “I need to follow Sebek. See where he goes, who he talks to. You know, to get something to back up my story. Or to prove I was hearing things. If my story is true, he plans to attack the mummy when they take it into the pyramid. That gives us five days to follow him.”
Kenna paused. He seemed to be considering something. At last he spoke, slowly. “Your brother is in An-khi’s manor house, right? The tem governor’s house?”
Mehi hung his head. “Tu.”
“Right. Mehi, I’m your friend. This isn’t easy to tell you. But … I think you’re working something out. For yourself. Some kind of thing between you and Sebek, and you and An-khi.”
“You mean I’m making this up … because of jealousy.”
“No, no. I’d wager my net that you think you heard your brother. And you probably heard right. I just mean that this is something you need to do by yourself.”
Mehi tried to speak but he just stammered. That wasn’t the answer he expected.
“I’m not insulting you. I mean, I don’t mean to insult you. When you saved my life—there’s nothing else to call it—I couldn’t have picked a better person to be with. You risked himself willingly as much as I was accidently. Hanging off that pyramid. But, you know what? You’ve always been like that.” Kenna paused to look at Mehi. “Now, there’s this other side of you that needs to, well, to come out.”
Mehi was beginning to feel queasy. “What’s that?” He wasn’t sure he wanted to know.
“Whatever it’s called, but it’s doing something alone, by yourself. And maybe for yourself. Tu.”
“You mean you don’t want to help?”
“Tu, I can help you. But you need, I think you need, to work out whatever’s going on in you. To have that ... achievement. That’s something I know something about. I don’t know much else.” Kenna adjusted his bandana. “When I accomplish something on my own, it feels good, so good, almost like I’m exalted. Maybe it’s not magical, but it feels like magic. And I’m changed somehow, better than before.”
The words of his friend coursed Mehi’s mind. He wanted to believe he was making up the story about his brother’s plotting. Kenna’s explanation was a reasonable alternative.
Kenna said, “Somebody like you who’s already got that ability to sacrifice himself—which not too many people have, my friend—well, when you get the independence ability too, you won’t just become noble, but maybe even royal.” Kenna threw his free arm up in a great circle. “You always wanted to be the God-king, didn’t you?”
Mehi had to laugh. He didn’t tell Kenna that he’d dreamt of himself as the dead God-king. He’d fix this alone.



Part 4
DAYS BETWEEN YEARS


Chapter (numberless)
DAY AND NIGHT
On the day and night of Khufu’s internment, Mehi trudged to the Nile at dawn. Gusts of wind bristled his nerves. Behind thin gray clouds, the sun splattered the horizon like a spit stain. Weak shadows littered the ground. On the four previous days between the year just ended and the year to follow, he had spied on his brother, following him wherever Sebek traveled. Yet, Mehi hadn’t confirmed his suspicions other than to see his brother frequent the worst drinking dens in the worst neighborhoods.
Why am I the responsible son?
Mehi must follow his brother a final time today—the day and night of Khufu’s entombment. Upon a royal barque, Khufu’s mummy would stream from Annu to Giza where the princes would bear him into the valley temple. There, unseen by all but royalty and priest, the princes, wearing Anpu jackal masks, ritually would cleanse him before carrying him up the covered causeway and into the mortuary temple to enact the Opening of the Mouth ceremony. Finally, the princes would nestle him in the pyramid forever.
If Sebek is plotting against the God-king’s mummy, how will I stop him?
Mehi’s feet crunched dry earth before oozing through mud and wading into the low water. When the river’s depth allowed, some thirty feet out, he submerged himself, if barely. Underneath, he floated weightless and will-less as he had with An-khi as children. His drifting in the Nile caressed him as gently as her loving hands. One by one, each muscle relaxed.
Warm and peaceful, Mehi sought tears. He called on a flood of tears for his mother, Pabes, Wabt, his lost days, lost schooling, lost An-khi. He loitered in the water’s glimmer as long as he dared, but the tears did not come. Perhaps they would soon.
He dragged himself from the river and headed to his father’s house to say good morning—would it be good-bye?
Horemheb stood in the front room, taut and stooped. “What is it, son?”
His father had never before worried about what was troubling him. Mehi wished for his neglect this morning. “Nothing, Father.”
“Is it Sebek?” Horemheb grunted, dragging his body to the doorway, looking for his eldest. “Is your brother visiting this morning?”
Mehi’s muscles began to seize in spasms. The mere expectation of Sebek—the son who plotted against Egypt—excited his father.
“He brought you home,” Horemheb said, still looking out down the alley. Mehi’s throat swelled. Pain pounded in his temples. He’d borne this repeated lie for four days. “I really am a lucky man. It’s a blessing to get one great son and I got t—”
At his father’s back, Mehi blurted, “Sebek doesn’t care about you. He doesn’t care about me.”
As he turned to Mehi, Horemheb cringed.
Leg muscles flexing and hands shaking into fists, Mehi closed on his father. “Do you want to know how great Sebek is?”
Horemheb’s eyebrows quivered.
Inches from him, Mehi pointed out the door. “You want to know what your hero son plans to do today?”
Horemheb stammered. “A great hunter like him fetched home my son.”
“Great hunter?” Pain gored Mehi. “He’s a criminal. A tem, teshrut criminal. Just like you.”
Horemheb teared.
Mehi’s lips trembled; his gut retched. Why had he said this to his father? He cursed himself and bolted from Horemheb and the house.
Again in the pale morning, Mehi couldn’t draw decent breath. His gut knotted.
He carried himself to Sebek and An-khi’s estate and, an hour past dawn, burrowed like an owl into his rock hideout in view of the front entrance. He concealed himself from Sebek but not from his words to his father. He couldn’t take them back. And he could not yet weep. His brother inside An-khi’s estate—inside An-khi?—kept him waiting with horrid thoughts, the sun spiking. During Mehi’s previous four-day sentry, his brother had not left the estate earlier than mid-morning, but the funeral flotilla would arrive in Giza at noon. Can Sebek be irresponsible even in this? What was he doing in there? Mehi didn’t want to dwell on that.
Did I dream the plot against the King?
Mehi stood. He paced. Two steps to the right. Three steps to the left. He stared at the entrance as if that could make Sebek appear. Finally, he snuck inside the estate walls—he’d earlier learned that An-khi had dismissed the guards after Paser died—past the fig trees and sycamores to the forecourt under the palm tree. He sidled to the front doorway. At that moment, An-khi strode out of the house. “Oh—Mehi.”
He reeled back from her. “Usheb na. I didn’t mean to startle you.” Her white gown and headband highlighted the white of her eyes and lips’ outline. Lovely. 
“I’m on my way to the pyramid. Come with me.”
“Isn’t Sebek with you?” Mehi leaned around her, trying to catch sight of his brother inside the dark house.
“No, he left hours before dawn. He’s—”
“What? No, no, he has to be here.” Mehi searched the darkness of An-khi’s eyes then the darkness of her doorway. 
An-khi shook her head, her expression quizzical.
Failing the simple task of trailing Sebek, Mehi must now find him. “I’ve got to go, An-khi.” He turned and began running. Realizing he’d left her rudely, he called, “Usheb na,” glimpsing the white An-khi as a white wave, white cloud, white moon. Sebek had caused him to miss the chance of walking with her.
Mehi dashed to the village road, upsetting villagers pacing leisurely toward Giza, and onto the shoreline road. His heart frenzied that he was too late. Why had Sebek left so early?
Realizing he’d be in Giza long before Khufu’s mummy came ashore, Mehi calmed a little. When he was still miles from Giza, he saw the pyramid’s southern face dominate the landscape much as God Ra, now inflamed as if to make up for His slumbering start, dominated the sky. The pyramid seemed to thrust itself at him like the talons of a pouncing falcon. He tried to single out his team’s stones, but the pyramid blended all its pieces so that it was as unblemished as the flesh of a newborn. After his absence, Mehi felt that he was rediscovering the pyramid, like he had wakened to remember he was in love.
Mehi imagined the pyramid in its completed form, upper courses and golden capstone in place. In his mind, its white, polished limestone blazed with the full glory of Ra. Its weight—commanding as death—fused it to the ground as if it always had and always would. Khufu’s place of sunrise and sunset. The body of time.
Sebek dares to disturb this beauty?
Mehi ran with fear. Hard fear. His heart smarted as hard as a year ago when he ran from the tomb-robbing pit. Sunshine flashed over his head between the sycamores. His feet throbbed. But no matter how fast Mehi hurried, only slowly the pyramid’s east face revolved into his view.
When Mehi finally arrived on the Giza plateau an hour before noon, the pyramid consumed land and sky. He panted, trying to collect his breath. As he crossed the pyramid’s southeast corner, its edge, sharp as a blade, aimed right at him. It might have split him in two. His legs wobbled.
Thousands of people packed the site. On the south and north sections divided by a granite avenue cleared for the funeral procession, they clustered against hemp barricades that spanned fifty yards along the river. 
The crowd murmured with occasional laughter or delighted squeals while craning their necks north down the river although Khufu wasn’t scheduled to arrive for an hour or more. Mehi didn’t belong with these good Egyptians; his family was criminal. He squeezed through the south section, searching among the innocent for the man plotting sacrilege. When he reached the barrier, he looked over the two hundred foot wide avenue at the people in the north section.
Am I too late to stop Sebek?
The sun whipped the top of his head and cheeks.
Mehi peered at the valley temple, its limestone architecture a hundred and fifty foot wide and fifty feet high.
Is Sebek inside? Could he have gotten inside already?
Later, after grievous lost time when Mehi could only push through the glut of people—denser by the minute—or stare futilely at the north section or pound his fits on his thighs, Mehi spied white An-khi. He hid from her. He couldn’t afford her distracting him.
Swiveling his head side to side, seeking some way to locate Sebek, Mehi knew that nobody could help him. Who’d believe him with any words he had? He tried to console himself that the guards had already repelled Sebek from accessing the temple.
Mehi was looking south when the crowd spied the lead cortege ship coming from the north. As one, they cheered prayers to the Good God.
On the ship posed sixty or more of the King’s Friends.
About to shift his eyes to the second barque, he spotted Sebek. On the first ship. Mehi felt his heart constrict. 
That’s how Sebek will do it. From inside the funeral procession itself. He’ll march right in with the face of a friend and steal Khufu.
Sebek had outsmarted Mehi again. Two fangs of a cobra bite seemed to puncture Mehi’s heart. His mind reeled, his body shivered. To track Sebek’s movements onboard, Mehi swerved in and out of the crowd as the barque made for shore. 
What should I do? What can I do?
To divine some answer, Mehi forced his eyes off his brother. In a moment, they wandered across Djedi. The magician too was onboard. Mehi had his own friend there. “Djedi! Djedi!”
From this distance, Mehi’s loudest shout dissolved in the din of the thousands’ screaming their names so the Osiris King would remember them. Intent on both his friend and his brother, Mehi elbowed forward into the crowd. Obscenities flurried at him. To be as close as possible to Khufu, hundreds of people had so rammed up together against the barricades that their arms and legs intertwined, trussed with one another. Mehi had to dig his hands around shoulders and throw them back like unearthing boulders. Many of the displaced rapped their fists on his head. Head aching, he kept digging forward and reached the front line.
Sebek couldn’t steal Khufu’s mummy in this crowd, could he? He’d need to be hidden. The only way to do that would be from inside the valley temple. He’d have to trespass into it past all these eyes.
The Friends’ ship docked at the quay. Khufu’s mummy followed on a ship laded with blue lotus garlands and the royal family. A third barque—that would sail the Osiris God to the stars—was anchored behind. Blocked from getting to Djedi, Mehi shook the hemp ropes so hard a guard rapped his hands with a spear. Blood seeped out.
The Friends disembarked. Goddess Isis, crowned by a red solar disk, walked arm in arm with her sister Goddess Nephthys who was crowned by a yellow moon disk. Blue ladies wept behind. Foreign dignitaries, one a queen, and a group with Djedi and Sebek followed. Amethyst gowns adorned the Queen and princesses. Lastly, white oxen conducted the Osiris King by golden ropes.
The crowd now yelled, “Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
During the mourners’ hour-long march up to the valley temple, Mehi tried to keep up, battling his way alongside through the audience. He continually lost sight of his brother and Djedi. Mehi’s nerves fired quick and hot. He must attract Djedi’s attention. Somehow. His only chance would be after the funeral march. But, by then, Sebek may have already intruded into the temple. 
Mehi remembered the nightmarish words he thought he’d overheard in the Hituptah temple. Something about a distraction. A distraction using a “puppet.” That must be how Sebek would get into the temple.
In the valley temple’s court, an expanse of granite, the royal family and the King’s Friends terminated their parade. They arranged themselves in semicircles facing the temple. The citizens muted in anticipation.
Mehi regained sight of Sebek—the Gods willed it—standing at the foot of the temple’s three granite steps. He couldn’t find Djedi.
“Khufu, Khufu, Khufu.”
Three princes escorted Khufu’s coffin up the steps to the temple’s landing and situated him beneath the façade’s hieroglyphs: “Khufu, beloved of Ra, beloved of Osiris.” Mehi couldn’t hear anyone in the audience take a breath. An attendant aiding him, God-king Hordedef disembarked from his palanquin. He proceeded in his elegant pace toward the temple steps.
“Ptah and only Ptah created the world and me.”
A young man streaked toward Khufu’s coffin waving a chisel with its orange copper blazing in the sun. The same thing as at the Heb-Sed twelve months ago. Past the guards, the man sped. “Ptah created the world and me.” Mehi knew this was High-priest Siptah’s puppet he himself would have been him. Mehi was in thrall. Detached and immobile as in a dream.
Egyptians shrieked. They threw out their hands. Yet no one but the young man moved. He raved a few bare feet from the coffin, aiming his weapon. It gleamed. “Ptah and only—” 
Three spears pierced him. Guards unwedged their weapons from his chest. He fell like scythed wheat.
The crowd roared. They stormed over the barricades. In unthinking blasphemy, scores swarmed onto the court and the cortege, cursing, weeping, safeguarding Khufu, not hearing the guards’ barked warnings to clear the avenue. Thirty guards cordoned off the royal family. The princes spirited Khufu into the temple.
Guards lugged away the dead attacker. Egyptians spat on him. Mehi stared at the lifeless body, fascinated that its lunge at the Osiris King had been no more under the young man’s power than it was now.
Mehi had lost Sebek.
As swiftly as the spectators had swarmed the court, they began dancing and singing, beginning the festival of the two God-kings. Mehi flurried everywhere, bashing into dancers, but couldn’t locate his criminal brother. He yelled for Djedi until his voice broke. Minute by precious minute elapsed before he and the magician caught one another’s eyes. Mehi raced to his friend.
“Let him through, let him through,” Djedi yelled.
To stop his momentum when he reached Djedi, Mehi caught and swung the magician around by his arm. “Come on, Sebek’s here,” he croaked. “You have to help me catch him.”
“Slow down, Mehi.”
“Sebek must be in the temple.”
Djedi rubbed his forehead. “Mehi, all of us are … distraught.”
“No, no, listen to me. He got in to steal the King’s body. I know. He’s in there.”
The magician gazed toward the temple. “You saw him enter the temple?”
Mehi grimaced. Explanation would waste precious seconds. “Sebek disappeared at the exact moment that man attacked the God-king. That was the same thing I heard at the Ptah Temple.”
“You heard what?! Who was plotting?”
“High-priest Siptah and my brother. They were planning it just the way it happened. Come on.” Mehi pulled the magician’s arm toward the valley temple.
“What’s your brother got to do with this?” Djedi said, not moving.
“You’ve got to get in,” begged Mehi, pumping Djedi’s arm. The magician’s resistance stung him like bees. “How can you just stand there?”
“Mehi, this is a terrible day. I’m not thinking well. Only royalty and priests may enter the temple. I couldn’t even get a message to them. Are you sure what did you heard—“
“But you’re a King’s Friend.”
“That won’t admit me.” The magician scratched his jaw through his beard. “Only the purified ... a priest or a prince ...” Djedi’s arm whisked up. “The proclamation. Khufu’s proclamation.”
“What?”
Djedi turned and rushed Mehi through the revelers toward the shoreline. “My donkey’s here. Race to my home. Ask Nubcha for it.”
Mehi hung back, not understanding.
“Khufu’s proclamation,” Djedi said, “that enrolled you in Khufu’s school. It declares you’re a prince.”
Mehi shook his head. He remembered his failure at school.
“With it, no man can refuse you from a temple. It’s Khufu’s affirmation.”
“No, not me, Djedi.”
“It can be only you.”
Mehi tried to ignore the sense in his chest of racing. He expected that part of his excitement in finding Djedi was to hand off to him responsibility for stopping Sebek. As a meager commoner, Mehi could without reservation “want” to do anything, but as a prince h could not use lack of power as excuse. He must compel want into motion. “It will take too much time.”
“The Opening of the Mouth ritual won’t take place until nightfall. That’s hours away. You have time.”
Djedi and Mehi came to the magician’s donkey. Mehi found himself on its back, reins in his hands. His stomach churned.
“Go, Mehi. I’ll stay here. Go!” Djedi swatted the donkey’s rump and it jolted forward. The reins stropped Mehi’s hands. “You there,” the magician said to a merry group dancing in front of the donkey, “make way for the son of the Osiris King.”
Three women hopped away, barely in time.
Sour fluids sputtered up Mehi’s throat. Through the jubilant crowd, he zigzagged a route out of the pyramid complex, passing more celebrations on the road south. “One side.” In his starts and stops, chills crossed his flesh. Mehi doubted Djedi’s idea. A drunken man grasped the reins gurgling, “Let’s go for a ride.” Mehi prodded him to the ground. He and the donkey escaped the Giza plateau.
The donkey’s clomps against the ground beat out a count of time passing. The chance to save his family might already have passed. Mehi bore down on the donkey.
When the animal clopped into the magician’s courtyard, Mehi darted inside, “Nubcha!” and, in an instant, bounded back onto the donkey, papyrus proclamation in hand. His stomach’s bitter gnarling hollowed him like loneliness. What he tried to do isolated him from everyone. Especially from himself, the Mehi he’d known. He was the only one who could do this. There was no one to turn to.
He drove the donkey hard. The roads had nearly emptied, but twilight descended into deep violet. The donkey stumbled. It bellowed. Mehi drove on. His heart hurried him.
By the light of the moon, a few days shy of full, the pyramid’s face shimmered in a gold triangle against the indigo sky. Mehi realized that he was allowing the donkey to dawdle. Probably due to fear. He cracked the reins. Mehi goaded himself past his rigid fear and the donkey past its fatigue. He tightened his fist around the papyrus. He rushed like white water.
At the complex, Mehi yanked up the donkey’s head. It whined. Festival ended, workmen were dismantling Khufu’s celestial barque to bury alongside the pyramid. Six-foot torches stuck in the ground lit their work.
“You’ve got it,” the magician said as Mehi, panting, dismounted. “They’re in the mortuary temple by now. You still have time.” 
The two crossed the court toward the valley temple. Mehi’s knees trembled. His toes dragged on the ground. Djedi hustled his friend onto the temple’s steps, an arm around Mehi’s waist. It pressed his own sweat back on him.
“Halt!” ordered four of the ten guards on the landing.
“Pfft, halt your descendants,” the magician said. “This is a son of the Osiris King, here to accompany his father’s journey.”
The guards eyed Mehi’s common clothes, then laughed.
Djedi said, “Show them.”
Mehi offered up the proclamation, hiding his face behind it.
The guards laughed louder. “A piece of paper?” Smirking, one of them grabbed it. He read the official seal and the words. His scowl wilted like wet straw. In turn, all ten guards read the proclamation and all ten dropped jaws. Djedi took back the scroll and, giving it to Mehi, nudged him up the landing.
“Hey, magician, that paper doesn’t make you a prince.”
“I can’t go with you any farther.”
Mehi, unsure, alone, spread his boyhood grin.
“Go, Mehi. You are royalty.”
I am really doing this.
He longed to be at home, in bed, quiet and calm. He faced the temple. Holding out the scroll before his chest like a shield, he poked between the pillars. His toes tested each step as if he were entering a landscape of clouds. Soft light shone ahead. The temple floor of alabaster, cool to his feet, laid out a hundred feet before him. Several young priests, wiping up water or moving ritual objects, gaped at the stranger. He jiggled the paper. “It says I’m the King’s son.” The priests looked at each other. None moved to interfere. Mehi took that as encouragement. There was no Khufu or prince here, just the bier at the temple’s heart where the God-king’s mummy had received its ritual cleansing.
Sebek must already be in the mortuary temple. Is he committing his sin there now?
Alarm roused Mehi. He skimmed past the bier and through a doorway in the temple’s opposite wall. Between two mammoth columns, he cut into the covered causeway. 
Palm upon his wild heartbeat, Mehi stalled. He stood in the fifteen-foot wide causeway. Luminous moonlight through horizontal slits in the ceiling formed concentric rectangles as far as Mehi could see, before it angled to the right. The causeway led like a tunnel to the mortuary temple at the base of the pyramid a quarter-mile away. There, at this minute, God-king Khufu received the magic Opening of the Mouth ritual that prepared him to breathe and speak in the Afterlife, like the clearing of a newborn’s mouth. The causeway itself recreated the birth canal. 
Not allowing his fright to build any stronger, Mehi eased into the light and shadow corridor. After thirty yards, he began to trot. His feet clapped echoes off the limestone. He ran faster, moonlight flickering through the slotted ceiling over him. On the corridor’s walls, vivid blue, red and gold scenes streamed by—the pictorial history of Khufu’s reign. Was Khufu’s adoption of Mehi told there? As if he were running downhill, his body surged. He felt that he was casting off the weight of loneliness with every footfall.
The causeway slanted right. As far as Mehi had progressed, in front of him an orange light glowed from the mortuary temple. He heard Hordedef’s voice reverberate softly along the causeway limestone. He slowed to a walk.
Nearing the temple opening, Mehi flattened himself along the wall and clamped his hand over his mouth to muffle his panting, amplified by the limestone. God-king Hordedef’s words now boomed across the temple granite. Mehi dared not look into the chamber. No. He couldn’t. Judging by what he heard, the ritual seemed to proceed without trouble. Maybe Mehi wouldn’t need to do something. Perhaps his brother hadn’t passed the valley temple’s guards after all. Mehi sighed relief, and for a dreadful moment he thought it had been loud enough to reveal his presence.
But no one responded.
Hordedef was reciting a poem about Khufu’s “subtle body.” Mehi heard in Hordedef’s voice a tuneful pride. “O Khufu, you are alive.” The rich tones of his friend the God-king and the cool stone on his spine soothed Mehi. He not only witnessed this ritual but also breathed it in tingling his lungs and belly. How remarkable for a commoner to inhale the breaths of princes, God-king and Osiris God-king. 
Moments later, sounds of shuffling issued from the temple. Mehi guessed the princes were at that moment ushering Khufu out toward the pyramid.
Imagine, God-king Khufu this moment is voyaging to his eternity.
The footsteps subsided.
Mehi was about to slide back out the causeway the way he’d come, but when it quieted inside the temple, he sneaked a look in; he couldn’t help himself. As his head passed the threshold, he saw at the temple’s center a tall figure in a floor-length robe and jackal mask—round eyes and pointed snout of Anubis—pivot toward him. 
Is that Sebek?
The tall person unmasked. Mehi’s heart thumped. But Hordedef was behind the mask. “Mehi. My Gods. How did you find your way in here?”
Limply, Mehi offered up the proclamation.
“My, my,” Hordedef said with huge smile and hiked eyebrows, “yes, prince, do come in.”
Priests in costumes similar to Hordedef’s removed their masks and gaped at Mehi as the valley priests had. In their gaze, he padded onto the black basalt floor that spread across the temple’s hundred and seventy-foot width and hundred-foot length. Supporting a God-king’s re-awakening, the black crystal opened up a vista as vast as night. Mehi imagined Hordedef and himself as stars floating within it. In the walls’ twenty-four niches—one for each hour of the day—twelve-foot tall gold statues of Khufu had awakened beneath engravings of Khufu and God Ra in a barque sailing the hours as if to eternity.
Hordedef met forearms with Mehi. “Brother Mehi. Welcome.”
“Senbeb, prince, I mean, your Majesty.”
Hordedef grinned. “Mehi, whatever brings you here?”
In hushed tones, Mehi relayed his belief that he’d overheard his brother plotting conspiracy with High-priest Siptah, and Sebek’s disappearance during the attack on Osiris Khufu’s mummy. That attack seemed to prove the conspiracy, although Sebek had failed to penetrate the secret temples and complete the plot.
Astonished but without hesitation, Hordedef instructed one of the priests to retrieve a palanquin. He would head to the Hituptah Temple while his scouts hunted for Mehi’s brother. “My leg disallows me in the pyramid, but rooting out these conspirators helps me release my father into eternity. “There’s not occasion at present to thank you properly but,” the God-king said with a wink, “enjoy yourself here as long as you wish.”
“Here? No, no.”
“I may disregard that I am God-king, but I prompt you that you are a prince. You belong here. As well as in the royal school.”
Mehi bowed, partly to hide his blushing. “Gratitude, my God-king.”
The priest and five more returned with the palanquin. They assisted the God-king, his limp evident, onto the chair. He said, “Mehi, we will require your oath on these lawbreakers. At the proper time, I will dispatch someone for you.”
Mehi nodded. “Of course, my God-king. Could you please let Djedi know I’ll be there shortly? He’s waiting for me nearby the valley temple.”
“I will. Senbeb.” The priests carried Hordedef into and down the causeway.
Mehi shook his head. He had just sent Hordedef after his brother. Sebek’s probably fled Egypt. Would the Per-O officials track him down. Would he take An-khi? Would she go with him? Mehi reversed himself in mid-thought. That doesn’t change things. I’ve done it.
The four priests remaining in the mortuary temple transferred offerings of black wine, black beer, onions, garlic, bread, lettuce, dates, melon, and vases of oil to the northwest corner near the doorway that opened onto the pyramid. Mehi wiggled his toes on the basalt as he inspected the gold statues and hieroglyphs, thanking Khufu and Hordedef for his ability to read them.
On the temple’s west side, behind three rows of columns, Mehi approached a sanctuary, forty feet wide and twelve feet deep. Khufu had lain here while his sons performed the Opening of the Mouth to prime his first breath of Afterlife. The ritual’s sacred words yet pulsated like heat off the granite. Shutting his eyes, Mehi welcomed the presence of divinity.
A moan. A moan seemed to issue in several directions at once. Mehi shivered. The Osiris King’s specter? The priests didn’t seem to have heard it. The moan sounded again. Pained and human—from somewhere behind the partition wall to Mehi’s left. Is it Sebek?
Mehi edged to the partition. Three feet ahead, the recess veered left. He couldn’t see past its corner. A third moan. He tiptoed to the left corner. He peeped around. On the basalt, naked but for his loincloth, a man sprawled. The musty smell of blood gushed at Mehi. It was not Sebek. “Quick” he called to the priests. “A prince is wounded.” Mehi was kneeling to the body when the priests raced up. Several gasped. “It’s Prince Heru.”
Mehi patted along Heru’s back. His fingertips dipped into a sticky liquid. “Stabbed.” He sickened. This poor man. And Sebek on the loose, completing his plot. Mehi got to his feet, trying to clear his mind. He told the priests that the Royal Magician was nearby the valley temple. Using a robe as a carrier, three priests slung the prince over the basalt and away into the causeway.
“How could this occur?” said the fourth priest.
Mehi’s heart pounded against his chest. He stared out the rear of the temple toward the pyramid. “He’s in the pyramid. With the princes.”
“Who is? The one responsible?”
“He has Heru’s mask and robe.”
“I’ll relay word to the God-king.”
“He’s too distant now.” Mehi’s mind worked. “Give me your mask.”
“You mean to enter the pyramid? You were with the God-king, but that doesn’t sanction your ...”
Mehi exchanged the proclamation for the Anubis mask. The priest’s mouth formed an oval as he read the papyrus and submitted to Mehi’s disrobing him. Mehi donned the robe and, mask in hand, began to sprint out. He remembered the proclamation, reclaimed it, stuffed it into his robes, and then ran through the temple’s rear doorway. He ran as fast as he ever had to outpace fear.
On the limestone pavement, Mehi scampered to his right between the pyramid’s east face and the twelve-foot high wall that surrounded the pyramid. After three hundred feet, at the pyramid’s northeast corner, he spun left up the north face ramp under brilliant stars. He once towed stone up this dirt and timber. It had also supported Khufu. And Sebek.
When fifty feet above the ground and midway across the north face, Mehi reached the pyramid entrance. He fingered the stone gable above it. He needed its solidity to help understand where he was and what he was doing. He took a breath before putting on the Anubis mask. Its eyeholes narrowed his view so that he had to move his head to scan down upon the Giza plateau and the Nile. He recited in his mind a prayer to allow him to exile his timid self as far away from him as the distance between Gods and men. Sweating and wavering on the face of the great pyramid at an hour he didn’t know, Mehi bowed into the four-foot high entry.
The passage behind the entrance proved just as low and just three and a half feet wide. He stooped. Over his head, the pyramid lorded its mountainous weight. Pressure stuffed his ears.
Eyes adjusting to the dark, Mehi saw a wavering of a dim light down the passage. How far away it was, he couldn’t tell. Supporting himself with a hand on either wall in the steep decline, he chased after the princes—and his brother. The stones’ coldness stung his palms. They were not the flames they had been in the sun. How odd that he trailed after Sebek tonight as he had when they were children. Tonight, at least, they had Egypt’s Osiris God in common.
Four hunched figures restraining the coffin against the passage slope came into view, the lamp one was carrying flickered their silhouettes onto the walls and ceiling. Immediately, Mehi compared the four men. Which one didn’t fit? They rasped breaths and scratched Khufu’s coffin on the stone, each sound was muffled and isolated. Mehi had only a moment before the four in their jackal masks revolved toward him in the tiny corridor. “Hordedef,” one whispered, “so you decided to join us after all.” 
Another said, “Can you travel in here?”
Mehi reminded himself to act as if he were their God-king. He touched his forefinger to his jackal lips. The four faced forward again and resumed their descent. Adopting Hordedef’s limp, Mehi pushed the coffin from the rear. As a laborer outside the pyramid, he had hauled stones and dreamt he transported Khufu; this moment inside it, he hauled Khufu and imagined the pyramid transported him from his former life. Behind the Anubis mask, Mehi grinned.
He resumed examining in the shadows the others’ animal snouts and ears. Which was Sebek? His evil wasn’t obvious. The dimness, robes and masks equalized the four. Each might be a prince. Shouldn’t Sebek’s sinful character scream out?
Mehi rejected the idea of unmasking them. That brash tactic would expose only Mehi, not Sebek. He could uncover no more than one face before they’d stop him, discover who he was and probably throw him out the pyramid down the fifty feet to the ground. Besides, Sebek still carried the knife that had wounded Heru. Mehi decided to maintain his brother’s ignorance of his presence until he could be sure which of the four was Sebek.
He’d keep studying all of them.
As the cortege waded deeper into the pyramid, Mehi felt he was not only nearing its deeper secrets but also nearing Khufu’s divinity. This intimacy he could compare only to his approach to An-khi, coming nearer her thoughts, her sex, her love. Here, masked as God Anubis, each man walked the path of royalty and Gods, receiving this realm through a God’s eyes. Even Sebek must appreciate this discovery, more strange than any of his strange lands.
The procession paused at a gap in the ceiling. Mehi knew it. Though it was formed when he was an infant, pyramid workers had submitted to his constant questions about the pyramid’s inner workings. The gap opened onto an ascending passage that led to the pyramid’s core as well as Khufu’s burial chamber.
Two princes—one a villain?—climbed into the passage. They rotated about and braced themselves. The two men below squatted and then tilted the front of the coffin onto their shoulders, rose up and glided it to the upper level. Their cooperation ... was it possible they all were brothers? How could any of them be a criminal? Seizing Mehi’s arms, the pair above elevated him to the passage with them as if granting him their status. Straightening himself, he bumped his mask against the stone ceiling, almost knocking it off before his hand shot up to secure it just in time.
The princes linked themselves with a golden rope around their waists and turned forward. Now traveling upward, they began to pant, the coffin creaked. Mehi’s body bent with the effort. His muscles cramped. It was all he could do to keep pace.
Flickered by the lamp flame, images of the mask, coffin and stone flashed as if facets of an orange gem. 
Heart knocking, Mehi sensed, all at once, open space unfurling around him as if he had bobbed up from under water to a full sky above. Gulping air, the pallbearers straightened up. For the first time inside the pyramid, Mehi could stand. Cut free in this expanse, the brothers lost contact with one another merely by turning their backs. Footfall and word succumbed to the stone void. Mehi’s senses lulled. He wandered in a silence only stone could compose. Pushing up on his toes, he inspected ahead of them a huge inclining corridor, a gallery. Its walls, tapering inward, soared so high that the lamp’s light didn’t reveal where they joined. The gallery pointed up toward the God-king’s final sanctuary, his sunrise and sunset, his endless horizon. Eternity, close now, lay ahead. 
Where the gallery began, crossbeams contained three red and black granite blocks. Mehi supposed that the princes, following the entombment, would cut the blocks loose to plug the ascending passage against possible tomb-robbers.
The other princes assisted Mehi and then hoisted Khufu’s coffin over the blocks. The princes positioned the coffin in the three-and-a-half foot wide center of the gallery. From ledges at either side, they towed the coffin between them. Mehi found notches in the ledge to secure his foothold. Weary, his limp seemed natural to him now.
Scaling high enough that Mehi grew dizzy, he felt himself lose contact with everything except the stone directly under his feet. Abiding with his brothers in this aerie, he lost all gauge of time. It didn’t matter here. No night divided from day. Neither sun nor moon existed. No season. No weather. No changing, no aging. Like the Inundation, the present overflowed its shores onto the past and future. The three mingled in a single eternal time.
When finally at the gallery’s summit, they mounted a rectangular stone, eight feet deep. Onto it, the princes guided the coffin. Three princes opened the coffin and gathered the Osiris King’s mummy into their arms. Mehi counted Khufu’s faint but steady heartbeats. He sensed little else. His senses seemed to have rolled away like ripples in a pool to a serenity.
Beyond the summit stone, the men crammed into a crawlspace not four feet square. They slid three steps forward before they crouched into an antechamber under four granite slabs, each suspended by a double rope. When the princes exited the tomb chamber, they could cut these ropes to preserve their father and God-king behind granite.
Poised alongside the pyramid’s heart, its subtle body, Mehi shuddered. Then, in exacting rhythm, he shuddered twice more. By the regular rhythm, he realized that he was feeling his own heartbeat. A strong, regular pulse. Had Mehi ever before fully appreciated its punch, its rhythm? Its constancy beat in his ribs and pelvis and ears as if they too pulsed. Down even to his feet where he felt them solidly connect him to the floor. Was this the majesty that princes understood?
Last in the group, Mehi scooted beneath the suspended slabs. He forgot to limp.
As though throwing open shutters at noon, the lamp’s light lit up a chamber of granite, polished and golden-red as honey, twenty feet high, twenty feet deep and forty feet across. Here grace buoyed the holiest of homes. The provisions were all of gold: a miniature pyramid, throne, flails, crooks, armlets, pectoral plates, razors, organ jars inlayed with yellow jasper, amulets studded with garnet and carnelian, vases lined in red quartz, and countless gold lotus flowers throughout. Mehi sensed himself in a realm as celestial as heaven. Did their steps set off thunder, did their movement start up winds, were their eyes the sun and moon?
At the west wall, the sons situated the God-king in front of the red granite sarcophagus. Shoulder to shoulder, the princes roughed their palms across the profound stone. Mehi’s hands tingled. His blood surged in his skin. The hair on his arms erected. He filled with exotic air, expanding him beyond where he stood. He expected he could reach out his hand and stroke all of Egypt.
Mehi and his brothers drew back the sarcophagus lid, abrasions chiming in the chamber. Bending, they reached down, slipped their hands under Khufu’s mummy and raised him. Mehi, touching the linen that, in turn, blessed his hands, helped in resting the Osiris King in his sarcophagus. The five sons paused to regard their father within the linen, gold-mask and jewels, within the sarcophagus, within the pyramid. Khufu rested inside ever more subtle bodies.
The princes fell in together against the east wall behind the sarcophagus. Mehi assumed his station at one end. A prince recited, “Our father, we, on the east, intuit your ba blowing through us. This is our Osiris father’s first sensation.”
Another announced, “You existed as a red fish in Inundation water before awaking, awaking you strode to the Nile at dawn, dawn deluged you like birth, and birth created you as a red fish in Inundation water.”
As red fish, Mehi breathed as did every prince.
“Awake, Father. Speak the first word with the first breath.”
A divine wine intoxicated Mehi. His heartbeat seemed to radiate in all directions. Words spilled from his mouth as if by their own will. “Your body cycles and cycles beyond death. In family and peace, arise Father. Awaken in the holy realm.” 
Only the holy.
The chamber went black. 
Sebek!
Someone shrieked in pain. The prince next to Mehi grunted and rammed into him. They both fell, hitting the stone. 
“Stay!” Sebek’s voice. On the other side of the sarcophagus. Mehi heard what sounded like Sebek lifting Khufu’s mummy from it.
“Thief.”
“I’ll stick my knife in each of you tem princes.”
“He has Father.”
Mehi ripped off his mask. He wriggled from under the prince and around the sarcophagus.
“Don’t let him at the ropes.” Judging by their voices, the princes seemed to be on the floor.
“Stay. I’ll knife you.”
Tem Sebek.
Mehi crawled through the gold provisions toward the chamber’s opening. The mummy’s linen scraped his cheek; Sebek was dragging Khufu ahead of him. Mehi heard the princes struggling behind.
“The antechamber.”
Mehi scrambled after the sound of scuffing on the stone. It led him to the antechamber. He made out Sebek in the crawlspace beyond about to light the lamp on the floor, the mummy clinched under his right arm. Scurrying silently on his hands and feet, Mehi looped behind his brother and around to the gallery’s summit stone, his feet grazing the empty coffin. Sebek had relit the lamp and, knife in his left hand, he was sawing at one of the double ropes leading to the four stones atop the antechamber. The first rope tore. Sebek started on the second. When that tore, the block would fall, trapping the princes.
Mehi heard them as he got to his feet. “The ropes.”
“Hurry.”
Mehi snatched at the mummy, nearly freeing it, as Sebek twisted around to him. In that moment, brother and brother came eye to eye. Sebek didn’t blink; his brother was no threat to him. Sebek re-adjusted the mummy, braced himself and re-set the knife to the rope.
A prince pressed into the opening; the stone began to quiver above his head. “Where—”
Mehi bent down and yanked directly backward at the mummy with all his might. It leapt free and launched the brothers in opposite directions, Sebek recoiling into the prince and past the slabs, his hands flying up and foot kicking the lamp. Blackness again.
Shredding and—twang.
The block crashed down. Crack! Air gusted into Mehi’s eyes. Flinching back, he knocked the coffin down the gallery, before realizing he was out of the falling block’s way.
Mehi sat in utter black. His one sensation was his heartbeat. Then, he heard shouting from the other side of the block. “He has a knife.” “Surround him.” A moan.
Sebek was behind the downed block, in the sanctuary, and threatening the princes with his knife. He hollered through the fallen stone, “Little brother, I’ll get him back. You know I will.”
Despite the granite between them, Mehi searched the blackness as if Sebek could reach out at him.
“I’m coming for you.”
Mehi fumbled about for the mummy. Tipping up one end of it, he was surprised at its light weight. Then he remembered his dream of the God-king in the white pavilion losing his water—and most of his weight.
“I’ll take him back just like I took the woman from you.”
In not speaking An-khi’s name, Sebek had wasted the chance to touch its sound to his lips.
“Little brother, who can you trust out there? I didn’t plan this alone.”
If it saved the princes, Mehi would have Sebek attack him. But he must safeguard Khufu. He must get away.
In the dark on the summit stone, breathing ragged, Mehi tried to retrace in his mind their path through the pyramid as he had tried to remember his lost month in the desert. One hand on Khufu’s wrapped feet, Mehi groped with the other hand for the gallery’s ledge. Toeing the footholds, he started descending.
“I’m coming for you.”
Mehi had to lose that voice. He toed the floor’s notches. How long was the gallery? Though not heavy, the mummy’s size fought his control of it. He dragged it. After a few paces, Mehi panicked that his next step would be a fall into the opening at the head of the ascending passage. He felt for the three granite blocks at the gallery’s base. How much time was passing?
Then, Mehi tripped—over the coffin. His shoulder slammed onto the floor and he skidded down the gallery. Though his shoulder, back and knees burnt on the stone, he held the mummy fast. He couldn’t waste time again looking for the mummy. And it kept him from being alone in this huge darkness. Slowing enough to bend his knees and starting to stand up, he smacked his hip into a corner of the blocks and he and Khufu flipped over and beyond them. Mehi’s back smacked and slid on the stone floor.
Pain and darkness. Were his feet in front of or behind him? In the next instant, Mehi and Khufu were barreling into the ascending passage. Spinning now, Mehi feared he’d continue on into the descending passages. Wedging his feet against the floor and jamming Khufu against the wall, they dragged to a halt, his skin burning.
Mehi shook out the stars in his head.
Is Sebek coming?
Mehi regretted the instant he wasted listening for his brother. He steadied himself, one limb at a time, then recovered the mummy.
In blackness, feet, arms and hips smarting and wet—surely blood running on his skin—Mehi groped for the descending passage. He found it just three feet away. Into it, he dropped himself with Khufu. He began hiking the incline. His heart pummeled his ribs. Mehi’s limp arms continually slithered off the mummy’s resin and linen. But he kept moving.
On his hands and knees, head butting the mummy forward, Mehi verged on the pyramid entrance. Escape. Inhaling fresh air, he peeked around the stone entrance. To the east, thin dawn was already mixing into the blue-black night.
Nak!
His stomach roiled. He tasted vomit. How could he, carrying Khufu, evade discovery in daylight? Not pausing, thinking he must re-bury Khufu somewhere before Sebek’s lackeys or Sebek himself caught him, Mehi collected the mummy. Arms wrapped around it, he launched himself from the pyramid, turning to run as he could down the ramp, the unwieldy God-king bouncing in every direction. 
When he and Khufu had hurtled off the ramp and reached level ground below the pyramid’s surrounding wall, he looked up, around, and forward along the east face. He saw no one. Then, his eyes attuning to the night, he realized it was still deep night. When in the pyramid’s blackness, he had apparently misjudged the brightness outside. 
Standing at the pyramid’s northeast corner, his arms and hip throbbed, his knees buckled, and his breath rasped. Sweat flowed over Mehi. It dampened the mummy’s linen. To his speeding mind, the mummy also sweated, dreading that its immortality was entrusted to this commoner. “Here’s your first morning in eternity, wanting eternal rest, and I’ve got you flailing like a top. You’ll rest soon, I promise.”
The sudden melody of a swallow echoed around the pyramid beguiling Mehi. If dawn could sing, this would be its song. Perhaps the swallow was Khufu’s ba singing its confidence in Mehi to safeguard his adoptive father.
Mehi may have escaped the pyramid but escaping the whole site ...?
Where can I go, attached to the God-king’s mummy? I can’t risk going through the temples.
As Sebek had warned, his accomplices might lurk anywhere and everywhere.
The sun and the star Septit hadn’t yet exhumed themselves from the Underworld. Their red and white crowns would soon parade a ghostly halo onto the complex, heralding Perit Septit, New Year’s Day, and Mehi’s birthday. He grinned, joking that he must invite Sebek and his family over to the hut to celebrate. If Mehi had little chance to save Khufu, he also had no choice but to try. His brother caused this trouble and his father had hacked at a noble’s tomb; Mehi must do something. “This is why you shouldn’t rush into things—you find yourself carrying the God-king’s mummy and hiding from all humanity.”
To help calm his heartbeat, he laid the King on the pavement and knelt down. Mehi asked his companion, “What would you do?”
Immediately, Mehi had his answer. Khufu would use what made him unique. He would use himself. “What have I got? My knowledge of pyramids ...” ... the surrounding wall ... on the south side. I can break out of the complex there. Except that the priests will be crawling all over here by daybreak. That has to be soon. “Don’t worry about that now,” he told himself.
Mehi hoisted Khufu’s mummy—smelling for the first time the acrid resin in the linen—and slinked up to the mortuary temple, halfway across the pyramid’s east face. Then, should anyone be inside, he raced past its doorway. He saw and heard nothing and no one.
He continued on to the wall’s southwest corner. “Well, there it is, Father. What next?”
Mehi leaned Khufu upright against the wall. Rubbing his chin, he studied the wall’s twelve-foot height. How to get both of them over it? Mulling it over, he walked slowly in a circle. A solution bubbled up.
God-king Hordedef’s brother pinched a flap of the mummy’s wrapping and stripped off fifteen feet, dried resin crackling. He bound the end around his left wrist. Bracing Khufu on the wall, he placed his foot on the mummy where its knee must have been. Placing his hands on the mummy’s shoulders and then stepping up on the mummy’s hip, Mehi stretched up but was inches short from the top of the wall. So, he jumped—Khufu immediately sliding away though still dangling from the linen strip—and snagged his right hand on the wall. He then hooked his elbow and other hand onto the top.
Heartbeat loud enough to hear, Mehi recalled the game he and his brother played of leaping one after the other through their hut’s window. Sebek always won the right to go second and jump knees-first onto his brother. Mehi turned back toward the pyramid ramp. No Sebek. Had Mehi won this time?
Slackening the linen leash, Mehi readied to boost a leg atop the wall. But when he looked up, a face, a human face, inches from Mehi’s eye, peered back at him.
“Aak!” Mehi choked on his yelp. He pitched backward, falling onto Khufu. Both rolled across the limestone. Sebek’s caught me. It’s done. Mehi had lost his last possibility to redeem his family. He’d be its third criminal.
“Mehi? Where’d you go?”
Mehi could just make out the magician’s whiskers atop the wall. “Djedi?”
“Yes. Grab this rope.” A rope flopped over the wall.
Rising, Mehi shook confusion from his head and twitches from his limbs. “Tu.” The rope elevated him with Khufu to the top of the wall.
Djedi on his donkey signaled for Mehi to hurry. Mehi lowered Khufu and himself to the ground. The magician’s eyes enlarged when he saw the mummy. He didn’t break off his stare as he gestured to the second donkey alongside. A brown blanket trussed over a bulk on the donkey’s right flank concealed a cargo of some kind, probably food offerings. Djedi handed him a similar blanket. “Bind it—him—on the left.”
Mehi cradled Khufu in both arms to the donkey.
“Make it look like the other side so no one will suspect ... you’ve got a King under there.”
Too tired to reply, Mehi secured Khufu’s mummy onto the donkey and mounted the animal, drawing his legs upon the two payloads.
He and the magician headed their donkeys south. A quarter-mile passed before either man spoke. Djedi said, “I fixed up Heru and a runner has gone to notify Hordedef.”
Mehi nodded.
“The priests told me about you going into the pyramid. I brought one of the priest’s donkeys expecting you’d need it. Of course, I didn’t expect you’d be dancing with his mummy.”
Mehi faced his friend. “I’m glad you’re here.”
Djedi’s smile broke like dawn. “You seem different than before you entered the temple.”
“I’m spent.”
“I’m sure, but in the priestly robe you wear and with your companion there, a little nobility is showing in your face.”
Mehi chuckled. He’d forgotten he still wore the Anubis robe. “My mother always wanted me to be a priest. Of course, I’m stealing a King’s mummy—not to mention this donkey—like the criminal my brother always wanted me to be.”
“What are you going to do?”
“What hour is it?”
“Midnight.”
“What?”
“Precisely midnight.”
“That isn’t possible. Isn’t it almost dawn?” Shaking his head, not able to sort that out, Mehi said, “Well, that gives me some time.” He scanned the desert. “I’ll take him out there. It’s the only place he’ll be safe.”
Djedi nodded. He reached over and patted Mehi’s knee. “Why don’t you bury him beside your mother?”
This rocked Mehi back. “I’m not sure where she is.”
“Your father knows. Have him go with you. It would be good for you and him.”
“Which father do you mean?”
Djedi smiled. “What happened in there? Why did the princes have you relocate him?”
Mehi whipped around toward the pyramid. “Djedi! The princes.” He clutched his forehead. “Sebek’s in there with them—with a knife.”
“But, but ...,” Djedi reined his donkey, “you escaped.”
“The princes were trapped with Sebek. You have to save them.”
“Where are they?”
“They’re in the burial chamber behind a stone block.”
“The blocks dropped? Before the princes got out?”
“At least one dropped. Sebek cut the rope, but he fell back inside with the princes when I took the mummy from him.”
“I’ll see whether Hordedef has returned. He can consecrate stonecutters. Or priests will have to chisel.” Djedi hitched about his donkey. “Discourage people from prying into your cargo.”
“I needed your help. Thank you.”
“Help is what magicians conjure.”
Djedi touched the mummy. “Live well. I’m proud to have been your friend.”
Mehi noticed Djedi’s thinned hair and hunched back. When had his friend aged? If still energetic, the magician’s movements had stiffened as Horemheb’s had. Neither would be with Mehi long.
Galloping toward the pyramid, Djedi waved. “I’ll mind the princes.”
Turning forward, Mehi wondered again how it could be merely midnight. The pyramid must have muddled his sense of time. With a sting of fear, Mehi felt hot currents ripple through his arms, then throughout his body. Feeling that this indicated he was lunging back into the present, into normalcy, he marked in his muscles the grasp of eternity—where past, present and future merged and he sloughed borders—so ingrained in him when inside the pyramid.
Blessed with more time than he’d counted on, Mehi nudged the donkey onto a trail along the desert, the longer but lesser-traveled route home. After the long, bizarre day, he mused about his enjoying an easy meander home, gathering Horemheb into the hills, and visiting his mother. The bridges he’d crossed since rousing this morning ... 
The moon trailed a lazy arc. The stars settled into their ancient places. Peace settled in Mehi. He didn’t remove his princely robe.

The night still a silky black, Mehi led the donkey into Mer. He wended down the alleyways, empty of villagers. Dismounting at his family’s serene home, he looked about him, then, untying and hugging Khufu to him, walked inside.
Though hours past midnight, Horemheb was still awake. He paced the front room. How small his father seemed. Horemheb saw his son. His eyes flicked away. Mehi remembered his horrible words to his father that morning. They re-ignited so that his heart seemed to catch fire. The family’s disgrace belonged to Horemheb and Sebek, but his father’s pain belonged to Mehi. “I’m sorry, Father. For what I said.”
Horemheb’s head shot up. “You mean it?”
“I should never have said them.”
“You forgive me, like your mother,” Horemheb said as he hobbled over to embrace his son.
In his father’s arms, Mehi replied, “Do you forgive me?”
Horemheb snorted. “What the hatestt have you done to me?”
Mehi grinned at his father’s anger in this situation.
When they let loose their embrace, Horemheb noticed Mehi’s bundle, propped alongside his son like a shadow. His eyes bulged. He whistled a low tone.
“Father, we need to go on a little journey.”
“We’re taking that?”
“Yes.”
A voice behind Mehi said, “No, you won’t have to. I’m taking it.”
Mehi whirled around toward the doorway and his dark brother’s silhouette. Sweating, huffing, Sebek tromped into the room. Mehi stepped back, grasping the mummy behind him.
Sebek charged.
Horemheb doddered over to stand between his sons. “No, Sebek.” Horemheb’s attempt to defend Mehi, feeble as it was, stopped both brothers. Then the elder brother gripped his father’s shoulders, steered Horemheb to a wall and pressed him down onto his haunches. “Little father, this will be over in a minute.” Sebek turned back to his brother. “Now, little Mehi. It’s been difficult tailing you here. I’ll have it now.” 
Mehi slid Khufu’s mummy between him and his brother. “Did you injure the princes?”
“The robe and mask served me.” Sebek crept toward his brother. “My concern is that mummy. I’ll care for it better than you.”
“You’ll destroy it.”
Just one stride away and squinting down his nose at his brother, Sebek said, “It’s just a more cargo.”
Mehi’s aimed his eyes grimly at Sebek. “To you that’s all it is.”
Sebek pounced. He hooked his arms around the mummy and, with it, wrenched Mehi side to side. Mehi shut his eyes and hung on. Sebek snaked one arm from the mummy and rapped his brother’s ear. Mehi yowled but held on. When they were children, Sebek often frustrated his younger brother with some ploy so that Mehi would lose self-control. Mehi must not permit that today. Sebek bent down and bit Mehi’s wrist. Though the bite drew blood, the pain was so slight that it seemed outside of Mehi. He knew he could bear the wound like a banner of his defiance and maintain his single purpose of affixing the God-king to his breast.
Sebek’s breaths began to sputter.
“Boys.” Horemheb tottered up behind his first son. Sebek kicked back the heel of his foot into his father’s stomach. Horemheb grunted, breath blasted out, and collapsed to the floor. With the kick, Mehi felt his own breath escape.
Sebek withdrew his arms from the mummy, stood back and appeared to calculate before speaking again. “For the mummy, I’ll trade you the woman.”
Is that all Sebek thought of An-khi, Khufu or Egypt? “I know who your partner is. I know your plan.”
Sebek flung out both his hands around his brother’s neck.
“Sebek!” The men turned to An-khi. White and divine.
“Ah, the little woman,” Sebek said, dropping his grip from his brother’s throat. “Dear, your old friend, the perfect, obedient Mehi, stole a valuable artifact and I’m persuading him to restore it to his better brother.”
An-khi’s face darkened. “Is that ...?” She turned to her husband, “You stole this?”
“No, wife. Mehi took it. I am—as the King’s dragoman—procuring it for its rightful home.”
Mehi said, “That’s a lie.”
“Ask him, An-khi. Ask my perfect, little brother whether he stole the King’s mummy right out of the pyramid. Go on.”
Mehi couldn’t deny that he had stolen it. Confusing the facts was another of his brother’s ploys to frustrate him. Mehi’s face grew hot. 
An-khi’s lovely gaze descended on Mehi. “Is this true?”
His palms moistened. His heart raced. An-khi would side with her husband if Mehi’s words weren’t exact in explaining how he came to have the mummy. His tongue seemed to thicken. Finally, all he could do was muster all his contempt into his voice and say, “It is not true.”
“You’re pitiful,” Sebek said. “Mehi, my wife considers you a weakling.”
An-khi blushed through a frown.
“See that,” Sebek said, pointing toward An-khi’s face.
Tense heat flashed up Mehi’s spine. His brother’s frustration of him was working.
“She’s right. You are a fool. You with a child’s mind and imbecile’s grin believe Egypt is some grand, beautiful structure like your exalted pyramid. You have no idea what the real world is. Being a puppet, you hold on to your package like it’s something important. Your brother is telling you that this is a world of pigs. That package is mine.” Sebek again stabbed for the mummy.
An-khi cried, “Sebek.”
The mummy loosened in Mehi’s grip. It was slipping away. Arms clenched, he wrestled for command of Khufu and himself. He had walked with princes. He would not dishonor them. He breathed deep. Mehi imagined himself as a red fish in blue water.
Sebek hauled his arms from the mummy and stuck his nose an inch from Mehi’s nose. “You never learn. You never became a man. Instead, you’ve always followed me like slime. I hated that. Every day I had to care for a puny child.”
Mehi’s heart shuddered at this lie. Sebek had never cared for anyone. Certainly never his brother. As the elder brother, Sebek had always been so large to Mehi. Even mythical. That too had been a lie. In Mehi’s eyes, his brother shrank to the image of an ordinary, even pitiable, man.
“Witness me,” said Sebek, flinging out his arms as if around a huge globe. “I am life. What I’m living. You are too dull to learn it. Live in your dreamy pig hole.”
Sebek’s only possessions were his crimes. He must succeed as a criminal or be nothing. He connected to nothing else. Not to nation, family or An-khi. He could not feel their support or offer his to them. 
Mehi now had the words to speak to An-khi. “At High-priest Siptah’s bidding, Sebek desecrated the valley and mortuary temples. He stabbed Prince Heru. Inside the pyramid, he stabbed at least one other prince before he desecrated the mummy, stealing it from the royal sarcophagus itself. I, legally recognized as Khufu’s son, rescued the Osiris King by taking it from Sebek.”
“Sebek,” An-khi said, turning to her husband, “officials from the Per-O came to the estate looking for you.”
Mehi perceived the briefest concern on his brother’s face before Sebek spread a smile. “They no doubt mean to commend me for uprooting this traitor.” He crooked An-khi in his arm and lit up his eyes. “See what I rule,” he said to Mehi. “I say my lover is content. What can you say?”
Mehi fired his fist against his brother’s jaw. It broke Sebek’s hold on An-khi. Mehi landed three more punches before Sebek could put up his hands to defend himself.
“Boys, boys.”
Mehi heard An-khi cry out someone’s name he couldn’t make out. He struck three blows to every one of his brother’s that he disregarded. In his brother’s eyes he recognized bewilderment and then fear. He’d never seen either there before.
Mehi’s ensuing blows struck with less rage than rhythm. After one barrage, Sebek crumpled to his knees. He slumped and fainted. Mehi swung behind his brother, tore off the strip of the mummy’s linen, that he’d used as its leash, and tied his brother’s hands.
Catching his breath, Mehi stood over his crumpled brother. Sebek seemed smaller than Mehi had ever been. With his fists, Mehi had shrunk Sebek like his father’s fists had enlarged Sebek in rage. Could Sebek ever find his own size?
An-khi’s eyes questioned him.
He told her, “I need to do something.”
An-khi looked over her bound husband to the mummy. “I understand.”
Mehi went to Horemheb who was scowling at Sebek on the floor. “Father, we’re going to see Mother.” Horemheb’s scowl gave way to a wet-eyed grin. Mehi leaned his father on his arm and escorted him outside. Back in the front room, Mehi huddled with An-khi over his brother.
She said, “The Per-O officials intend to arrest Sebek, don’t they?”
“Yes, An-khi.”
“I’m sorry for everything.”
“It’s done.”
An-khi wet her lips. “He was my husband.”
He was her husband? “I know.”
“I thought Gods blessed love with magic.” An-khi angled her eyes to the ceiling. “I deceived myself.”
Mehi too had deceived himself. He’d lived with the lie that An-khi had injured him. He’d done that to himself. But since he’d wielded that punishment; he’d end it.
Mehi maintained his gaze upon An-khi. Her face freshened and her eyes lit their wells. They appeared to glow. He shaped his expression to utter his trust in her. He could not yet express it with words; she was married. 
Still, he imagined An-khi saying, “My breasts are wet with your kisses.” Was she fantasizing what he’d say? Something powerful? He cast off that notion. His words needn’t be perfect. He said, “Let’s you and I go to the river tomorrow for Perit Septit.”
“And to celebrate your birthday.” With a pause and then a slow smile, An-khi recited, “I enter the water and brave the waves.”
Mehi grinned. “The crocodile seems like a mouse to me.”
An-khi’s dimple formed.
Mehi wished to trace his fingers there.

On the donkey, one father sitting behind him and the other father lying alongside him, Mehi snapped the reins and started them into the desert hills. Arms around his son’s waist, Horemheb said, “We’re going to visit Mother?”
“Yes, and you are going to show the way.”
“Mother, the family’s together. I got us together.”
Into the red-gray desert, Mehi began to hear subdued strains of its song. He also listened to melodies of his heartbeat and breath. Khety’s son balanced the two songs. He had once wandered lost here. Now, it wouldn’t overwhelm him. He ruled his realm. 
Horemheb’s directions brought them straight to Khety’s burial site. Mehi recognized it. Nothing had altered but for the heavier massing of sand.
“Hello Khety. My sweet. It’s your Horem.”
Thirty memories of Mehi’s mother flurried in him—amulets, pomegranates, smiles, vomit, soap, dinners.
“Bena-ka’s right over there.”
“Who?”
“Don’t you know you got a sister out here?”
Mehi’s brows rose. “I didn’t know her name.”
“Named her myself. Bena-ka’s it, all right.”
“It’s a good name.” Mehi thought that maybe if he’d known Bena-ka and lived with her for just a time, maybe his loneliness for An-khi wouldn’t have been so extreme.
“Bena-ka’s dying made it a lot more hard between your mother and me, I can tell you.”
Son and father traded a few family stories before Mehi helped him down and untied Khufu from the donkey. Horemheb came beside his son, his face tense.
Mehi asked, “Are you bothered by what we’re doing?”
“I trust you.”
Mehi slung an arm around his father’s shoulders and tugged him to his chest.
The two then carried Khufu to Khety. On their knees, they began to hollow out a grave. After a few minutes, Horemheb began to nod to sleep. Mehi placed him on the donkey and then finished the grave. He faced Khufu toward the east so the Osiris King could watch over Egypt. Tossing handfuls of sand that rustled against the mummy’s linen, he swept the last of it with his forearm onto the grave. Slapping sand from his hands and robe, Mehi rose.
Khufu would rest forever next to his mother and sister. A family member.
Mehi cast his view beyond the hills to the desert plain. Unfolding ceaselessly, its grains of sand scraped against one another in wave after receding wave. He resided outside it. Free. The desert’s destruction sang to him but droned beneath his own song. When compared to eternity, how anyone—An-khi, Horemheb, Sebek—had hurt him crumbled into sand. In the red-gray emptiness where he had once wandered alone and desolate, Mehi forgave them all.
He walked to his sleeping father, brushed sand off Horemheb’s cheek, turned the donkey around, and mounted it. Horemheb leaned onto his son’s back.

Son and sleeping father sauntered into Mer at dawn. Orange sunrise uncurled above the horizon. The sun and the star Septit just then sprouted above the horizon. Today, one year ago, he began to lose his father. Mehi had gotten him back. He began to wonder over An-khi. Whether the two shared a future, the future would tell—but he loved her again. He’d gotten that back.
Mehi piloted the donkey through their village, a few neighbors emerging sleepily in the alleys. He pulled up at their home, his hip and legs cramping. Sleep would be lovely. Lamp in one hand, he eased his father over Khufu’s food offerings. With a smile, Mehi considered how they’d help their Perit Septit party.
Mehi carried his father inside. Horemheb snuggled in his son’s arms.
In the front room, no evidence of the fight with his brother remained. An-khi must have seen to that. He placed Horemheb on his mattress in the back room.
Picking up his mother’s mattress, Mehi stepped outside and climbed the ladder to the roof. Scanning over the village huts, red desert and green Nile, he mused over the years that expanded before him. No matter how many or how few years he might enjoy, they presented to him his forever. His eternity. He would forge toward their constant horizon as either gulf or river. The fertility he’d create and leave behind was as unknowable as the fertility of the next Inundation. But, determinedly, he would forgive himself for all he has done and not done. He at least expected to till growing days he might say, “I am content.”
Tomorrow would inaugurate the reign of God-king Hordedef, his brother and friend.
Mehi lingered, standing on the roof casting his view between the sun and the moon, a few days shy of full. Sharing their orange glow, he drank water ladled from a vase. It felt it flow throughout his throat and chest. With an agreeable fatigue, he placed himself on the mattress.
Hands on his belly, Mehi filled his eyes with dawn until they closed. Body warm, waiting to awaken, he drifted into sleep. He dreamt of the coming Inundation.


EPILOGUE:
IMMORTALITY
Khufu’s cult that nourished his ka with food offerings lasted a thousand years. His “Sacred Book” was read for more than two thousand years. His two sons who followed him to the throne honored his reign by reflecting in their King’s names his image as the Sun-God Ra. Hordedef became Dedefra and Shaf, Shafra. Shafra’s son, Menkau, succeeded him as Menkaura and constructed the third pyramid on the Giza plateau.
God-king Dedefra ruled for eight years. In that time, he completed Khufu’s pyramid and sustained Khufu’s ban on the Ptah Temple. Most significantly, he codified his own philosophical writings by which Egypt’s people revered him as a sage for the next twenty-five hundred years. He built his beautiful if small pyramid five miles north of Giza so as not to tread on his father’s resting place.
God-king Shafra commanded that a Giza plateau outcropping, remaining from the quarry of his father’s pyramid, bear his likeness with the body of a lion. As a concession to the Hituptah priests, Shafra destroyed any evidence that Annu had been Egypt’s capital, returned the capital to Hituptah and re-opened the Ptah Temple. He also built his pyramid next to his father’s. Yet, he could not bring himself to construct it as large. His pyramid was ten feet shorter—set on ground twenty feet higher.
###


Glossary




About the Author

This is the author’s debut novel. He is working on his second novel. Entitled Echoes, it begins: 
When Jesus returned, Audrey Silver discovered that her father hadn’t passed away four years earlier but had been merely hiding in their Manhattan apartment. Her father’s temporary death, not to mention the loss of mankind and every morsel of her Madagascar chocolates, began on a chilly November morning with the squeak of her refrigerator door downstairs. She startled awake. Under her Star Trek sheets, Audrey’s Israeli Navy training strained to shift her into a striking position from her resisting fetal position, so warm and sheltering like the sanctuary of a cave. Maybe she’d dreamt the sound. Besides, dealing with an intruder before chocolate or coffee was a bad idea. 

The author can be contacted at hankalawson@gmail.com


Dedication

To my parents
Audrey Merle Lawson and Henry Dzierzawski


Acknowledgements

To Prof. Richard Bankowsky; freelance editors including Sarah Cypher; Fran and Cary Spiker who read the book when it was unreadable, yet offered invaluable feedback; Pamela Trokanski who sat side by side with me for many weeks as I recited the novel and who, with patience, humor and intelligence, gave me perhaps the best feedback of all; and Annette Zumba, my biggest fan, whose insight and ideas as well as words found a place in the landscape of this book, I offer my gratitude.

