Settlers of South Park
Book 1
A DREAM FULFILLED
by
r. William. Rogers
*
PUBLISHED BY:
Robert W. Rogers on Smashwords
*
Copyright © 2013 by Robert W. Rogers
ISBN: 978-1-3016-3591-7
Cover Design Copyright © 2013 by:
Robert W. Rogers
All Rights Reserved
Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to any other person.
Although this is a work of fiction, it is as geographically and historically correct as possible. The author guarantees all contents are original and do not infringe upon the legal rights of any other person or work. No part of this ebook may be reproduced in any form without the permission of the author. The views expressed in this ebook are not necessarily those of Smashwords.
Unless otherwise indicated, Bible quotations are taken from the King James Version of the Bible. Copyright © 1989 by Thomas Nelson Inc.
Table Of Contents:
Foreword
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Foreword
The Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo was signed way back in 1848, February 2nd to be exact. That was the day the Mexican War officially ended—some folks called it the Mexican-American War.
Terms of the treaty included wording that said for the sum of about $20,000,000, the United States acquired more than 525,000 square miles of land that included all or part of ten present-day states: California, New Mexico, Arizona, Nevada, Utah, Wyoming, Kansas, Oklahoma, and Texas. In addition to the monetary concessions, the treaty also put to rest a dispute over whether the border between Texas and Mexico was at the Nueces River (Mexican claim), or the Rio Grande (U.S. claim).
In return for the acquisition of these vast and valuable lands, the United States agreed to not only the basic price of $20,000,000, but to additionally pay off about $3,500,000 in debts that Mexico owed to some U.S. citizens. On July 4, 1848, these new territories were incorporated as part of the United States. It was on that same day that the cornerstone of the Washington Monument was dedicated in Washington DC.
But more importantly, and for the purposes of the stories in this series, the western and central portion of present-day Colorado was also included as part of the land deal and now serves as the backdrop for what is to be found between the pages of the Settlers of South Park series.
However, shortly after the treaty had been signed, that portion of Colorado was destined to become a part of the Territory of Kansas that existed from May 30, 1854, until January 29, 1861. Its boundaries extended from the Missouri border, west to the crest of the Continental Divide, and from the 37th parallel north to the 40th parallel north. It wasn’t until February 28, 1861, after the eastern part of the territory had been admitted to the Union, as the state of Kansas, that the Territory of Colorado was formed as a means to govern the western portion of what remained of the previous Kansas Territory.
Much of the eastern part of Colorado—along with a whole passel of other present-day states—was carved out of land that had been previously acquired from France in 1803. That transaction was known as the Louisiana Purchase and at less than the cost of three cents an acre, was, and still is referred to as: “The greatest bargain in American history.”
But that’s another story altogether.
In an effort to give you a thumbnail sketch of the lay of the land, I’ll just say that the northern and central portions of the state of Colorado are made up of not only numerous mountain ranges, but three massive grassland basins, as well. These are aptly named: North Park, Middle Park, and South Park.
For the most part, South Park is relatively flat with an average elevation of about 10,000 feet. It encompasses an area of about 1,000 square miles (640,000 acres, give or take). The basin is located in the neighborhood of 60 miles or thereabouts to the southwest of Denver and serves as home to the headwaters of the South Platte River.
The biggest town in present-day South Park is the county seat, Fairplay. It sits on the northern most edge of the basin and at the time of the U.S. Census of 2010, boasted a population of 679 hardy souls.
There are a number of smaller towns that dot the landscape. Towns such as: Alma, Jefferson, Shawnee, Grant, Como, and of course Hartsel, just to mention a few. Hartsel was founded in 1880, and is the geographic center of the state. Folks around Colorado refer to it as: “The Heart of Colorado.”
Makes a bit of sense to me.
There are additionally, to this day, the decayed remains of ghost towns and camps scattered throughout the Basin. At one time, they served as settlements back in the days when the discovery of gold and silver deposits made South Park the place to be for the thousands of adventuresome souls who ventured there. It was these adventurous souls who held within them a hankering to strike it rich at the turn of a rock or the sifting through a pan of sediment from the bottoms of the many streams, creeks, and rivers that flowed through the basin.
But the stories associated with the South Park of days gone by were not so much about the towns or the people, but rather the gold that was first discovered in the sands of the rivers and creeks around present-day Denver in July of 1858. However, those placer deposits proved to be small and unprofitable. Therefore, following the first rich discoveries in the mountains to the west, the miners pulled up stakes and headed that way in early 1859.
Plain and simple, it was the gold that lured the initial bulk of the temporary influx of immigrants to the basin. With the gold continuing to prove elusive, some of the miners quickly moved on while others stayed in hopes of fulfilling their life’s dream of striking it rich. Those who remained were known as “Fifty-Niners.”, after the year 1859, which was the peak year of the Pikes Peak Gold Rush. Those folks often used the motto: “Pikes Peak or Bust!”
Although majestic, America’s Mountain, isn’t an integral part of South Park itself, it does lie within eyeshot and can easily be seen from most any part of the basin, that is if a fella took the notion to stand on a high spot and look off toward the southeast.
The very real possibility of finding gold was all well and good, but in an effort to keep the record straight, not everyone who came to South Park came there for the get rich quick opportunities that panning for gold in the moving waters of the South Platte River and Tarryall Creek presented.
Believe it or not, there were those who were a bit more level headed than that and expected nothing more than the opportunity to homestead a 160 acre parcel of land that, as a result of that Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo that I was talking about a while back, was there just for the taking.
That being said, what say we get right to the story and see how that way of thinking works out for Jacob and Emily Clarkson and their brood? As a matter of fact, I’m of a mind that if a person were to close their eyes real tight, and let their mind wander a bit, I’m thinking they might even be able to make out the gentle rippling of Tarryall Creek as it meanders its way through the rolling hills that make up the eastern edge of South Park. From there, it continues on its way through Tappan Gulch, until finally emptying into Lake George itself.
Oh...and just one other thing, Trey Parker, one of the creators of the South Park television series, grew up in the cozy little mountain town of Conifer, which is only about 40 miles to the east of Fairplay.
Go figure, huh?
Chapter 1
March 12, 1859, Western Kansas Territory, outside a small settlement along Tarryall Creek.
The rushing waters of the creek felt cool and refreshing on Sarah’s feet as she languished with her back against a sizeable boulder and the warmth of the late afternoon sun gently pelting her face. The bottom edge of her dress had fallen into the creek, but she didn’t much care one way or the other. She only smiled, figuring that the garment was just as deserving of the beneficial aspects of the soothing respite, as were her feet.
“Sarah! It’s time to go!”
The words were not ones she wanted to hear, but she accepted them as a necessary evil and sighed heavily before pulling her feet from the relaxing comforts of the creek. She had brought along a towel, and after retrieving it from where she had been using it as a pillow of sorts, went about drying her feet as she looked up at the approaching figure. She smiled at her husband, waved her greeting, and returned her attention to drying the feet.
Will squatted on his haunches beside her and was unable to resist the solitary flat pebble that was not only within easy reach but was just begging to be skipped across the surface of the water.
“You would think that a gal could have a bit more than just a brief minute or two all to herself,” she offered around a delightful smile that said she had thoroughly enjoyed the solitude she had been blessed with that afternoon.
“In case you’ve been sleeping, I’ll let you know that your brief minute or two has been nearly an entire half hour.”
Her smile widened. “Yeah, I know. Isn’t it wonderful?”
She reached for a stocking while he repositioned himself onto his backside right beside her. He leaned toward her and began nibbling on her ear.
“You stop that right this instant,” she protested feebly, as she placed a partially restraining hand against his muscular chest while quickly glancing around. “What will people think?”
“Who cares?”
“What will mother and father think?”
“Who cares?” he offered again. He leaned forward and helped himself to yet another nibble.
Again, she pushed him away, but this time with a bit more intensity. “Will Swanson...you stop that right this instant! This is neither the time nor the place!”
He smiled that wonderful smile of his. “Sez who?”
“You just said yourself that it was time to go.” She went back to putting on her stockings and shoes, being sure to allow him a glimpse of her undergarments in the process.
He moaned softly.
“You two about ready?”
They turned at the sound of the words.
“See...I told you,” she whispered. “Hi, Pa!” she offered and extended a hand upward so that Will could help her to her feet.
“Hi, sweetheart,” pa offered in return. “You about done with your lollygaggin’?”
She smiled. “Are you offering me the option?”
*
Jacob Clarkson was a man of forty-one. He stood just a smidge under six foot and didn’t have an ounce of meat on his frame that wasn’t made of hard-working taut muscle. His eyes were of the everyday brown variety, as was his hair. He hadn’t lost more than a scant hair or two in all those years, but as of late the sides around the temples were beginning to show a bit of gray here and there. He was additionally a handsome sort of cuss and Sarah had always figured that someday she would marry up with a man that looked just like him; that was until that fateful day when she’d first laid eyes on Will Swanson.
Will was a feisty twenty-year-old, with blond hair that was in direct contrast to the color of her pa’s, as were his strikingly blue eyes completely different from pa’s. But that’s where the obvious differences ended. They were both of a matching, hard working, outdoorsy cut, with each of them being of a similar height, with thickly muscled arms and broad chests and shoulders that slimmed down to what, in contrast to their muscular upper bodies, seemed like nearly no waist at all.
*
“No...I’m not giving you the option,” he assured her from behind a pleasing smile. “Time’s a wastin’ and we need to get on into that settlement over there,” he pointed across the creek at the meager assortment of unpainted weathered structures they had been directed to, “before the land office shuts its door for the evening.”
Sarah resigned herself to her fate and sighed heavily. “Well...let’s get a move on then. Or are you waiting for me to offer you that lollygagging option?”
“Very funny, young lady,” he said playfully, and circled a fatherly arm around her slim waist before turning her toward the wagons.
The three of them strolled back to the covered wagons where the rest of the family awaited.
“Did you have yourself a restful time down by that creek, dear?”
“Yes, mother, I surely did,” Sarah answered. “But it was entirely too short though,” she added and looked into Will’s blue eyes.
He winked, just to let her know that he hadn’t forgotten the intimacy of her undergarments.
She showed a slight blush and turned her attention to her brothers. “You two heathens ready to get on with this?”
“Seth’s the heathen,” Sam offered. “In case you’ve forgotten, I’m the one who’s of the God-loving variety.”
It was true. Even though the two were twins, with Sam being the older by about five or six minutes—no one knew for sure the exact amount of time that had been involved—he truly loved the Lord, with Seth on the other hand, just kind of knowing that He was around somewhere, but rarely gave any serious thought to the notion.
Sarah chuckled. “I guess, that’s because you look so darned much alike it’s hard for me to imagine that there’s even a speck of difference between the two of you, even when it comes down to loving the Lord.”
What Sarah had just said was about as right on the button as anything could have been. They were identical in every way: they walked the same, they talked and sounded the same, and they even had the same subtle mannerisms. It seemed as though it had reached the point where not only did one know what the other was about to say, they might have even known what the other was thinking.
“So...what’dya think, Seth? You about ready to—?”
“Yeah...let’s go.”
With that, they sauntered off toward their horses in that identical way they had about them.
*
The journey had begun just over a month prior. It had started out from the Clarkson outfit that lay nestled in a parched little valley just north of the equally parched settlement of Sand Hill that occupied a spot out on the dismal, windswept eastern plains of the Kansas Territory. For a number of years the ranch had been subjected to harassing raids from the small bands of marauding Comanches who were of a mind to take whatever they wanted, whenever they wanted it.
Although the Clarkson clan had, throughout the years, managed to successfully fend off the dangerous attacks, the final straw had floated to the top, much in the manner of a layer of cream on a bucket of fresh cow’s milk, when the Comanches had finally ran off with what few head remained of the herd.
The Circle C had always been a modest outfit that managed to keep its head above water by raising a few head of cattle that Jacob and the boys would periodically drive to the railhead in Topeka and sell for a sensible profit. They would then reinvest a portion of the proceeds, drive the newly acquired calves back to the ranch and begin the process all over again. Once home, Jacob would give Emily what remained of the profits to stash away in the blue-and-white-flowered cookie jar that rested on the kitchen shelf right alongside the family Bible.
It was a meager existence at best, and even though it was an honest one, their hopes and dreams were to someday leave it all behind and relocate to somewhere that was a bit more hospitable rather than just hostile, as had been the norm for way too long now.
Once the last of the cattle had been run off, it wasn’t much more than a formality to hold the family meeting that produced the unanimous decision to pull up stakes and leave it all behind.
With the decision having been made, they sold the ranch at a cut-rate price to a family that they knew from their church who had been living in their barn after a fire had recently rendered their ranch house unlivable.
It had taken Jacob just short of a week to locate a couple of covered wagons and two four-up teams. He then haggled a fair price for the whole shebang, purchased them, and enlisted the boys in helping him get them out to the ranch where they had packed them about as full as a couple of prairie schooners could be, while still leaving barely enough room for sleeping.
Despite all the haggling and hardship he had gone through for the past few days, Jacob hadn’t even known the half of it until Sarah had informed him that she would not leave without Will Swanson.
Will was a hired hand on the neighboring ranch, there was little doubt that the two of them were truly in love, and one could not do without the other. So, with that in mind, Jacob sat them down, along with Emily, and they went about searching for a viable solution to what had become a very real problem. After that, it took only about as much time as it would for a cornered rattler to make up its mind to strike before they realized that the best way for all concerned was for the whole bunch of them to make the trip into Sand Hill and have the pastor marry the lovebirds.
To make a long story short, it took about two shakes to get the job done and the entire Clarkson family, including Sarah’s new husband, were finally happily on their way west.
Will and Sarah occupied the trailing wagon, while Jacob and Emily led the way in the other one. Sam and Seth rode alongside on a couple of the saddle horses with the Circle C’s other two riding mares tied on behind the lead wagon and Will’s mare secured behind the trailing schooner along with the milk cow that they had seen fit to bring along.
The route they had decided on was a well-used one; folks called it the Santa Fe Trail. It pretty much followed the waters of the Arkansas River as it took them through Walnut and right up to the front gates of Fort Atkinson. It then continued as it skirted an Indian and fur trapper’s rendezvous spot known as Big Timbers, then allowed an inviting stopover at the Bent’s Fort Trading Post for a much-appreciated replenishment of supplies, before continuing on to Fountain City.
Once there, another trail split off and headed north for a ways until it turned northwest around the base of Pikes Peak and eventually brought them to yet another stopover at a wide spot in the trail called Colorado City. It then continued westward, climbing Ute pass until they found themselves along the banks of Tarryall Creek, gazing across the water at the collection of unpainted structures.
*
Entering the settlement was a revelation that none of them had been even so much as remotely prepared for.
The first thing that smacked them in the face was the noise...the loud, boisterous, celebrative noise. And to top it off...there wasn’t a woman or child to be seen anywhere.
“Peers like there’s a celebration going on!” Jacob said to Emily after leaning close to her ear.
“Yeah!” she agreed. “Folks around here certainly do seem to be happy about something, alright!”
The sound of a pistol being discharged somewhere farther along the rutted street seemed to act as a signal of sorts and others began taking up the cause. In no time at all, men all around them were shooting off their guns and yelling at the top of their lungs.
The racket startled Jacob’s team and he could only imagine what Will must be going through. He pulled them marginally under control and leaned out over the side to look back. But the effort proved to be wasted as he was unable to see much. He returned his attention to the front and again hauled back on the reins in an attempt to calm the frightened team even further.
Once the team was somewhat back on an even keel, Jacob lent an ear to what was being yelled and it quickly became apparent that someone had found gold in a nearby stream. He briefly wondered if it had been the one they had just stopped beside.
Not much caring one way or another, he instead handed the collection of reins to Emily. “Here...take these!” he instructed. Once she had them in hand, he jumped down and quickly headed for the right side lead mare.
“What’s all the commotion about, Pa?” Sam yelled above the clamor once he had finally managed to pull his mount under control alongside Jacob and the team.
“Looks like someone found a bit of gold! Might be a good idea if we took the wagons on down to the far end of the street and get us and the horses out of this before a stray bullet—!”
A pistol had just been fired off right next to the wagon and the left side lead mare reared with wild-eyed disapproval.
“Let’s get these teams out of here!” Jacob hollered. “Go back there,” he used a jutting chin to indicate the area toward the rear of the wagon, “and tell Will what we have in mind! Be sure to let Seth know, as well!”
“I think he already knows!” Sam offered and pulled his mare’s head around.
While Sam went about telling the others what was in the works, Jacob quickly calmed both of the agitated mares and returned to his position aboard the schooner’s seat. He hastily took the offered reins from his wife, and without even taking the time to properly weave them through his fingers, snapped them against the nearest set of rumps, while using a heartfelt “Git up there!” for good measure.
That was all it took and the wagon lurched forward.
It didn’t take long for both of the wagons to reach the far end of the street; it was barely a block long. Once past the end of the line of buildings, Jacob began to breathe a mite easier and continued for about another quarter mile or so while the gunfire lessened with each turning of the wheels. Satisfied with his effort, he pulled the team to a standstill and heaved a huge sigh of relief.
“That could have been a whole sight worse,” he said into the fright that remained in Emily’s eyes.
She forced a smile that he was sure she didn’t feel and a genuine concern for her wellbeing stabbed into his heart. She was normally of a sturdy cut, and seeing her in her current state truly gave him pause. He reached out and pulled her to him. “It’ll be alright Emily,” he said softly against her ear “It’s over with now,” he assured her.
She shuddered and pulled back slightly. There were tears glistening against her cheeks. “I know Jacob, and I’ll do the best I can in dealing with it. But it’s just that...” She wiped the tears with the heels of both hands. “It’s just that this place seems so...so...wild and out of control. I-I surely do hope we made the right decision by coming all this way.”
“With the Lord’s help and guidance, we’ll make it the right decision,” he again assured her and kissed her lightly on the lips. “C’mon, let’s go have a talk with the others and get this show on the road.”
She smiled, and this time it didn’t seem to him that it was all that forced.
He climbed from the wagon and helped her down to safety. They headed for the other wagon and arrived just in time for Sarah to rush into her daddy’s arms.
“Oh, Daddy...that was horrible!” she said against his chest. “I surely do hope that this entire part of the country isn’t like that. That was absolutely horrid,” she repeated.
He kissed her on the forehead and held her out to arm’s length. “It’ll all work out, sweetheart,” he assured her in his most confident, fatherly tone, “With God’s help, it’ll all work out.”
“I truly do hope so,” she said and went to her husband.
Sam and Seth had completed tying their horses to the rear of Will’s wagon and approached with huge grins on their faces. “Boy that was some fun, huh sis?” Seth offered.
“Are you out of your mind?” she responded. “That was the worst—!”
“Okay, you two,” Jacob interrupted. “What say we all just let that lay and go about getting this camp set up?”
“It’s getting late,” Will offered. “Don’t you think maybe we should head back to that zoo and see if the land office is still open?”
“That’s not a bad idea,” Jacob said and looked to Emily. “What’dya think, Em? You and the kids feel like unhitching the teams and setting up camp while me and Will head back into town and see about filing on a couple of homesteads?”
She smiled in return. “You two just go on and take care of what needs taking care of at the land office. We’ll take care of what needs doing right here.”
Make no mistake about it, Jacob felt blessed to have the love of a woman such as Emily. Not only had she managed to spend the vast portion of her life in the Lord’s everlasting embrace, but she had always shown a special liking for sharing that glow with whomever she came in direct contact with. Her only regret was that she had never been able to convey the true meaning of His love to one of her very own sons.
Jacob and Will untied the pair of mares that Sam and Seth had been using and swung up. They waved to the women and reined around toward town. It was barely a few minutes later that they sighted the collection of buildings, and in short order had managed to find the land office, mainly because of the hand-lettered sign that proclaimed it to be:
Land Office
Homestead Filings
They reined up and tied the mares to the hitching rail. After hopping onto the porch, they saw that the door was partially open and continued right on inside without letting up.
The oversized gent behind the makeshift counter was wearing one of those green eyeshade contraptions that fellas who printed newspapers usually wore. He was also wearing a pair of spectacles that were darned near the tiniest pair Jacob had ever laid eyes on. As they approached, the clerk lowered his chin and peered at them over the top edges of them little bitty eyeglasses of his.
It was all that Jacob could do to keep from letting on about the feelings of amusement he was experiencing.
“Howdy, fellas,” the clerk said in greeting. “If you boys are here to see about what’s involved in filing yourselves a homestead, I’m afraid it’s closing time and you’ll hafta come back tomorrow. But if you’re in town to see about setting yourselves up with a mining claim...well, not only are you late for that as well, but you’re in the wrong office, to boot.” He then pointed toward the open doorway. “You’ll hafta go down the street to the—”
“Thanks for the intended directions, but we’re of the homesteading variety,” Jacob said by way of interrupting.
The clerk smiled pleasantly. “Well then...that being the case...I’ll stick to my first thought and see you gents in the morning sometime.” The smile broadened.
Will gave it one last try. “No chance, tonight, huh?”
“Sorry, boys. But when the sun gets ready to dip below them mountains to the west, the missus is usually in the process of putting supper on the table and I ain’t about to miss that for nobody, noway, nohow. So I reckon you’ll just have to come back in the morning...like I said.”
Jacob stuck his hand out. “I’m of a mind to understand you’re way of thinking, Mister...eh...”
“Oscar Tuttle, at your service, but not until in the morning,” he replied and accepted the hand.
“My name’s Jacob Clarkson and this strappin’ youngster is my son-in-law, Will Swanson. And you can dang well be sure that we’ll be back here bright ’n early.”
Chapter 2
Emily’s eyes remained closed, but that’s not to say she wasn’t awake. The soft plodding sounds of approaching horses reached into her mind until she gave in to the impulse and opened them. Carefully, so as not to wake Jacob, she drew back the covers and slowly pushed her way up from the bed of the wagon. She then made her way to the front opening, pulled aside the curtain just enough, and peeked outside. The approaching riders were leading a couple of donkeys, and she correctly guessed them to be gold prospectors.
“Who is it?” Jacob asked.
She looked back over her shoulder. “Oh...you’re awake? It’s just a couple of prospectors and their donkeys.”
“Reckon it’s the early bird that gets the worm,” he offered in response. “And to answer your initial comment...of course I’m awake. Thanks for trying to be quiet, though, but I’ve been awake for a spell now. I was just laying here listening to the peace and quiet.”
“I should have known,” she replied and returned to her place beside him. She reached out and placed a palm against the side of his face. “So...you want to just lay here until about the crack of noon, or do you think you could stand to have some breakfast?”
He smiled. “Actually the crack of noon sounds pretty good to me.”
“Fat chance.” Leaning over, she gave him a loving kiss on his cheek before pushing her way up to a more suitable positioning that would better facilitate her getting dressed.
He interlaced the fingers of both hands behind his neck and satisfied himself with watching her go about changing from her night clothes. It had never ceased to amaze him how she could seemingly go from a dead sleep to wide awake in the length of an instant and be as beautiful as she always was. It was as if she was...well...as she always was, he reasoned.
“Fire’s going!” Came Will’s call from outside. “You two going to lollygag ’til high noon, or does having breakfast sound like the way to go?”
“High noon sounds pretty good to me!” Jacob called back. He then grinned at his beloved wife before continuing, “But then again...maybe getting on with the rest of our lives shows some promise as well! I’ll be there as soon as I can get my trousers on!”
*
Once breakfast was over and done with, and the women were tidying up the mess, the men saddled four of the riding stock and left for their ride to the settlement.
Entering the settlement was a startling revelation to say the least. Not a single soul was out and about. A dog barked repeatedly before suddenly appearing from between a couple of the buildings off to their left. It crossed the street in front of them while hot on the trail of a scampering rabbit. The fortunate rabbit managed to duck under the boardwalk, leaving the hound to voice his disappointment in yelping fashion.
“Good for you little rabbit,” Jacob commented.
They had all pulled to a stop and now sat atop the horses looking around.
“Wonder where everyone is,” Will said. “Sure is the exact opposite of what was going on here just yesterday afternoon.”
“That’s it!” Jacob reasoned. “They must all be out there along the creek where that fella found the gold sometime yesterday.”
“Makes sense,” Will conceded.
“So, where’s the land office?” Sam asked. “I’m thinkin’ that we got us a golden opportunity of our own here.”
“And just what might that be?” Will inquired.
“He’s thinking that this is about as good a time as any to find that land office, because more than likely we’ll be right up there at the head of the line,” Seth informed them.
“That right?” Will asked.
“Of course it’s right,” Sam said. “Why would you ever even think about doubting what me and Seth got going for us?”
“My mistake,” Will admitted and nudged his horse with the heels of his boots.
The others followed.
“There’s the land office!” Jacob announced as they approached.
“Wonder if that Oscar fella came back to work today, or if he’s one of them get-rich-quick types, same as most everyone else around this place?” Will asked with genuine concern. “Wouldn’t do for us to’ve traveled all this way only to wait outside the door until he either strikes it rich or comes to his senses.”
“Reckon we’ll soon find out,” Jacob said and reined his mare toward the deserted hitching rail.
They all dismounted, and after tying up, headed for the door.
“Well now, see you boys are right on time!” Oscar observed with a huge smile centering his couple of day’s stubble. He then rested his gaze on Sam and Seth. “I can also see that you brought a couple of others along with you.”
“You manage to get home in time for supper last night before the missus tossed it out?” Jacob asked.
The smile remained and even widened a bit, as if that were possible. “That I did! And a fine supper it was, too!”
Will then asked the question that was on everyone’s mind, “So where is everybody? Yesterday this town was alive with activity and celebration. What happened to all those men?”
Oscar chuckled. “Danged bunch of idiot fools raced out of here early this morning at daybreak. Word has it that they headed for Tarryall Creek to get their share of the strike.”
“You meaning the one they were shooting off their mouths and guns about yesterday when we first got here?” Jacob asked.
“Yep! That’d be the one!”
“Reckon we all know what their chances of pulling that off are,” Will said in summation.
Jacob suddenly grew serious as he changed the subject to a more pressing matter. “So, what’s the lowdown on these homesteads we’ve been hearing about?”
“Glad you should ask, and you boys surely came to the right place to find out the answer to that one.” After saying that, Oscar reached under the counter and came out with a very large and important looking ledger book that he laid atop the counter. Then using an obviously practiced, flamboyant sweeping motion, he unfolded it.
“This ledger book has within it, a listing of all the homestead lands that became available after the Mexicans gave up this part of the country. It also shows the parcels that have already been taken as well as those that are still available to be had.”
“I understand that the parcels are doled out at the rate of a hundred and sixty acres at a time, is that right?” Will asked.
“That it is, young man,” Oscar replied. He then looked at the twins. “How old are you two?” he asked.
Seth opened his mouth to speak, but Jacob beat him to it. “Oh...eh, sorry, Oscar. These two are my sons, Samuel and Seth.”
Both boys nodded a greeting to the clerk.
Jacob continued, “And to answer your question, they have managed to reach the ripe old age of seventeen. Why do you ask?”
“Oh, nothing really. I just thought that maybe they’d like to know that according to the rules of the treaty, that was signed back in ’48, the legal age for applying for a homestead parcel is only sixteen. By my way of figuring, that’d make them as eligible as anyone else standing right here in this office.”
Both boys were immediately and completely surprised and it showed in their expressions. But that’s not to say that Will and Jacob had expected such nonsense either.
Seth was the first to find his tongue. “The hell you say?” He then looked at the scornful expression in his Pa’s eyes. Answering the question before it was even asked, he said, “It ain’t cussin’, Pa. It’s in the Bible. Look it up.”
The scorn lessened somewhat. “I know it’s in the Bible, Seth. So is killing. But that don’t make either one of ’em necessarily right.”
Duly chastised, Seth lowered his gaze.
Jacob turned his attention to Oscar. “So what exactly does that mean?”
“What it means is that these two boys of yours can claim homestead acreage of their own and as long as they continue to live under your roof they can attach their land to yours, under your name, until if and when you decide to give it back to them.”
Jacob was dumbfounded. “The hell you say?”
“I’m thinkin’ that’d be my first reaction, too,” Will offered in Jacob’s defense.
Jacob looked at Seth. He aimed a threatening finger at him and said, “Don’t you dare say a word...not even one.”
Seth satisfied himself by sending a smug grin pa’s way.
Jacob returned his attention to Oscar. “So, you’re saying that me and the boys can each lay claim to a hundred and sixty acres apiece?”
“Yep, that I am.” Oscar then looked at each of the faces in turn. “I’m of a mind that at least some of you boys are married, am I right?”
Will spread a wide grin. “About a month now,” he offered proudly.
My boys aren’t, but me and their ma are,” Jacob offered, while saying what Oscar had already suspected.
Oscar smiled. “Good. Being married gives your wives rights to homestead acreage, as well.”
“So how does this all figure up?” Jacob asked. “And can we get it all right side by side with one another?”
Oscar again reached under the counter. This time he came out with a hand drawn map of sorts. He spoke while he went about unfolding the oversized map. “To answer your first question...you, your missus, and the two boys get to settle on a whole section...that’s six-hundred and forty acres. He then turned toward Will. That leaves you and your new bride with a half section, that being three-hundred and twenty acres. “So, how’s that set with you gents?”
“Just about as fine as frog hair,” Jacob said, answering for all of them.
With the map now laid out on the counter, Oscar first glanced at the ledger book before beginning to trace a fingertip across the map. “Now...as to whether or not you folks can get it all in one big bunch...” he paused while he continued to trace his fingertip across the map. Obviously satisfied with something that he must have figured was to his liking, he jabbed the map and looked up. “From what I’m seeing here,” He again paused while he traced some more before continuing, “There looks to be some pretty good land over on the north side of the basin near the southeast slopes of Little Baldy Mountain. But don’t let the name fool you. The truth of the matter is that it stretches way up there where only eagles prefer to fly. There’s also a settlement of sorts called Como that lies just to the north of the homesteads.” He again jabbed the fingertip against the map. “Yep! And from what I’ve heard tell, this part of the basin is a whole sight better than just pretty good, if my memory serves.”
“Why so?” Will asked.
Oscar spun the map around so the homesteaders could have a better look. “See this right here?” He rested the fingertip inside a small lopsided circle.
He figured he had everyone’s attention, so he continued, “Well that right there is a lake. From what I’ve heard, it don’t have a name, but that ain’t of no nevermind, because it does have some of the best water around the entire north side of the basin.”
A question came to Sam’s mind. “So why then hasn’t anyone else already latched onto any of this land if it’s so good?”
“Good question. The answer is because as far as anyone knows, there ain’t any gold to be had up thataway. Unless of course, you’re sensible enough to count all the wild game that roams the hills around there as being worth something.”
Jacob liked what he was hearing. “That we do,” he said. “What’s the terrain around there like?”
Oscar smiled. “That’d be another big plus that’d make it a good decision for you fellas to settle the area. There’s low-level rolling hills all over the place that are spotted with stands of pines as well as groves of aspens and bunches of other kinds of trees.”
“Is there any good grass on them hills?”
“Some of the best.”
“Any streambeds that show water during the summer months?”
“Now that right there would be another plus. Folks say there’s creeks an’ streams crisscrossing that entire area all year round. Danged good fishing, too, from what I’ve heard tell.”
Jacob looked into the eager faces that looked back at him before again settling on Oscar’s. “Reckon you just got yourself shed of a section and a half of prime land at the foot of them high, wide and handsome peaks,” Jacob said and offered his hand to seal the bargain.
Oscar was grinning from ear to ear as he latched onto the hand. “Good. I’m thinking you boys won’t be sorry. All we need to do now is get the paperwork all signed up and you can bring the wives back a bit later to do their signing.” Oscar was nodding slowly while he folded the map and stuck it back onto the shelf under the counter. “While you boys go get your womenfolk I’ll draw you up a map that’ll place you in the general vicinity of where you’re headed. Once you reach that point, all you gotta do is ask around and folks who’ve headed out there before you will be able to steer you right into Como. There’s a land office of sorts there that’ll lay things out to you to the tune of right down to a gnat’s eyebrow.”
*
The ride back to the camp was one of frivolity and good humor. With the promise of a section and a half of prime grazing land, as well as the assurance of abundant wild game just for the taking and fresh fish just for the catching, why wouldn’t the group of homesteaders be feeling a sense of security about what they were undertaking?
They rode into camp and continued right on until they reached the rear of both wagons. Once they had tied up they headed for the fire and the pot of coffee that rested atop the warming rock.
“So...how’d it go?” Emily asked anxiously.
During the ride back to camp, they had decided to keep the women in suspense for as long as they could.
“Oh...it was alright,” Jacob answered while managing to keep his demeanor as much on the morose side as he could under the circumstances.
Sarah’s eyes were beginning to grow glassy. “Does that mean it didn’t go very well, Daddy?”
He looked at her. “Eh...it was alright,” he repeated in a seemingly slightly better frame of mind.
She sniffled and turned to face her husband. “You tell me right now, Will Swanson. Did we come all this way for nothing?”
Although he was having a difficult time keeping a straight face, but not wanting to be the first one to let the cat out of the flour sack, he managed to remain steadfast.
Seth on the other hand and despite his every effort to the contrary, wasn’t being near as fortunate. It all began with a snicker escaping. He turned away and suddenly got real interested in the coffee pot.
But Sarah would have none of that. She followed right after him, and after grabbing a good hold of his arm, pulled her brother around to face her. “Seth Clarkson, if you bunch of heathens are just funnin’ me and Ma, and don’t own up to it right this instant, I swear I’ll be on you like ugly on a mangy, flea-bitten mongrel dog. So you best be telling me right this instant the honest-to-goodness truth. Did we get the land?”
Seth still figured there was a chance and continued to do his level best to keep from smiling, but as sure as the little girl anticipation got him to remembering back to times when they were still just a couple of young-uns, he lost the battle and owned up to it. That pleasant, crooked smile of his spread across his face and he blurted, “Sis, you have no idea! One minute we were inside that land office and Pa was looking to get us a quarter section of land to settle on, and the next thing you know...” He paused and looked at Jacob. “Why don’t you tell ’em, Pa?”
“Good idea, Seth,” Jacob said. He then looked into his wife’s beautiful green eyes and said, “What say the both of you sit yourselves over by the fire while I have me a cup of that coffee and lay it all out to you?”
*
They remained just on the outskirts of the collection of weathered structures for the remainder of that day as well as the next. During that time, they not only managed to get all of their paper signing done, but made an additional trip into town with Will’s wagon. They stocked up with as much supplies and tools as they could afford, which was a pretty good amount when you take into consideration all the money Jacob and Emily had been stashing away over the years, and not to mention the proceeds from the sale of the ranch.
Once back at the camp, they carefully packed the extra food supplies into Will and Sarah’s wagon and tied the gardening and building tools onto the outsides of both wagons. The men then went about giving the hand-drawn map a good going over. It appeared to be about as easy to follow as a herd of stampeding Kansas Buffalo.
That final evening in the camp was spent around a joyous fire with everyone putting in their two cents worth regarding how life was going to be once they finally reached their destination. They turned in that night with visions of gently rolling, grass-covered hills playing host to a herd of well-fed cattle, the likes of which would rival the best-kept herds.
*
The morning announced itself by way of a cloudless sky and a slight nip to the mountain air.
Jacob sat up in the bed of the wagon while he went about doing his best to rub some warmth into his upper arms. Finally satisfied with the results of his efforts, he then gently shook Emily by the shoulder. “You awake?” he inquired softly.
She rolled over to face him and smiled. “I am now.”
He bent down and kissed her on her cheek. “Good. Because I can hear that fire crackling out there and if I was to stretch my imagination a mite I might even be able to smell the coffee.”
He then folded the bedclothes aside on his side of the bed and was just about to reach for his trousers when she placed a restraining hand on his forearm. He looked down into her beautiful face, then at the hand. Their gazes met and his brows narrowed. “What’s that for?” he asked.
“I-I guess I was just wondering if we were doing the right thing.”
He tenderly placed a hand atop hers. “Yes my beautiful wife, we are absolutely doing the right thing,” he assured her. “The Lord has ways of letting a fella know what’s right and what ain’t. Back there in Sand Hill, I spent a good portion of my time talking this over with Him before I ever put the notion to you for approval. Although, as I remember, you were a bit skeptical at first until you saw the merit in it the same way that I did, remember?”
“Yeah, but—”
He had placed a shushing finger across her lips. “Nothing’s changed, my sweet. The Lord is still right here in this wagon with us and will continue to be by our side every step of the way.” He removed the finger.
A gentle smile graced her face. “Of course you’re right, Jacob, but a woman is certainly entitled to have second thoughts when it comes to important issues that affect her family. Heck...as I remember, there’s even some that have gone so far as to change their minds completely.”
Again, his brows narrowed. “You wouldn’t be leaning toward being one of them, would you?”
“Of course I am,” she assured him playfully, and pulled him down against her.
*
The breakfast that morning was of the solemn variety, with everyone being lost in his or her own thoughts. Of course they were all certainly eager to get on the trail toward their new homes, but that didn’t make the undertaking they were facing any less of a challenge. Make no mistake about it; each of them knew that what they were facing was going to be an adventure at best, as well as a journey into the unknown that could easily end up in tragedy if they weren’t prepared for any eventuality that might turn out to be of a troublesome nature.
Once they had eaten the meal, the men went about hitching up the teams and saddling two of the riding stock while the women cleaned and put away the breakfast items and utensils.
As soon as everything was in readiness, they gathered around in a tight circle, with each of them taking a hold of the hand on either side of them, and Jacob saying a heartfelt prayer that would do justice to a longwinded Baptist Preacher.
Even Seth felt the need to be a part of it, and did so with the same feelings of hope and adventure residing within him that was in every other heart present.
After the “Amens.” had been voiced, they remained in their family circle for a bit until the sense of adventure took over and the infectious joys of honest to goodness laughter spread throughout the group of settlers. Once that had run its course, they went about applying the final preparations before climbing aboard their respective wagons and horses.
When everyone had assumed their proper positions, Jacob then stood atop the seat of his schooner and let his gaze tell him that everyone was ready. “Let’s go home!” he announced. “And may the Lord God Almighty keep His protective hand on each and every one of us along the way!”
Chapter 3
From the general direction of the map it made the most sense for the group of homesteaders to follow Tarryall Creek as it meandered its way north-northwest through the hills and dales that bordered the eastern edge of the South Park Basin. Of course, the first question that had come to mind, when Oscar was explaining the map to them was, “Why not just head west for a spell until we’re out in the open basin itself then head in a more northerly direction?”
Oscar Tuttle had put that way of thinking to rest by telling them that ever since the discovery of gold along the South Platte River, there had been a steady influx of Mexican bandits into the area and that the no-account heathens preferred waylaying folks who rode the exposed areas of the treeless basin.
So, with that in mind Jacob used both handfuls of rein to snap the team into motion. “Hup! Hup! Git up there!” he commanded and the schooner jerked forward. He and Emily heard Will give the same sort of command behind them and the sounds of his wagon blended in with theirs.
A very real sense of adventure gladdened their hearts as they took note that they were finally on their way into whatever awaited them.
*
The morning wore on with a pleasantness about it that got everyone to forgetting any trepidation that may have been a part of their way of thinking before they had set out from the settlement.
“Hi, Ma...Pa,” Seth offered as he drew up alongside the wagon.
“Hello, son,” Emily replied.
Seth then got right to it. “Reckon it’s such a fine morning that me and Sam are gonna ride east of here a ways,” he gestured toward the tree-covered line of hills across the creek, “and see can we find us a deer for supper. That alright?”
“I think that’s a fine idea,” she said.
“You two be careful and keep your guns handy,” Jacob instructed. “Never can tell when there might come a need.”
“Yes, sir,” Seth said and reined his brown mare around toward the rear.
In about two shakes the boys were high tailing it through the waters of the shallow creek and were soon well on their way toward the pine-and-aspen-cloaked hills to the east.
“That’s surely a couple of fine boys we got there, Em,” Jacob said after he had straightened up and returned his focus onto the team ahead where it rightfully belonged.
“They are that,” she agreed.
*
Sam and Seth had reached the crest of the nearest of the hills in short order. They reined up and sat atop the mares while they took in the sight that lay before them; there seemed to be gently rolling hills for nearly as far as the eye could see. Far off in the distance, the hills gave way to a line of forested mountains that stretched all the way across the horizon from north to south.
Looking a bit off to the southeast, Sam spotted another, even higher, range of mountains that showed splotches of snow up near the summits. One in particular towered above all the others. “Reckon that must be the mountain that that Zeb Pike fella spread the word about,” he commented. “Doesn’t look like so much to me.”
“Me neither,” Seth offered. “I’ll just bet a crooked-tailed opossum up against a run over skunk that I could climb it all the way to the top...if I was of a mind to.”
“Yeah...me too,” Sam concurred.
“You know what? Seth asked. “From the way that Oscar fella was talking, I’ll just bet there’s a whole bunch of mountains just like that one, where we’re headed.”
Sam was right on the tip edge of offering his agreement; when a glimpse of a brown something caught his eye just a mite off center to the left. He pointed. “Did you see that?”
“See what?”
“That whatever it was that just skedaddled by in those trees over there.” He pointed.
“I don’t see anything.”
“Course not. It already skedaddled, I told you.”
“Well...tell me this then. Did it look like something to eat?”
Sam grinned and nodded slowly. “As a matter of fact, I believe it did.”
“Good! Let’s go get it.”
Because he had been the only one who had seen anything, Sam led the way with the butt end of his rifle held propped upright atop his thigh with one hand, while keeping his mare at a slow meandering pace with the other. Seth trailed close behind in much the same fashion as his brother.
The ground was soft from a recent rain and the animal’s tracks were easy to follow. At one point, they reined up and Sam dismounted to examine them more closely. It was easy to see it was a good-sized buck.
“Looks to be a nice-sized buck,” he said to Seth as he looked in the direction the tracks were headed.
There was what appeared to be some kind of a drop-off just beyond the crest of the gentle hill they were climbing. If he were any judge of things that would be where the buck was apt to hole up until they passed him by.
Sam turned to face his brother. “You thinking what I’m thinking?”
“You mean that he’s most likely holed up at the bottom of that drop-off ahead?”
“Yeah.”
“Nope...not a chance,” Seth said and chuckled. “Of course that’s where he is,” he added as they dismounted.
Without the need to say anything more, they tied their horses to a couple of stout lodgepole pines and headed for the cliff. Once there, they crept ever so softly until they both had a real good look over the edge. It was pretty much a cliff alright, with a well-used game trail cutting across its face in a stair-stepping fashion that would make it easy for one of them to get down there and flush the buck while the other remained up here on the top where the best vantage point was.
Sam looked at Seth. “You wanna go down there or you want me to?”
“You honestly think that there’s need for a question like that? You know danged good and well that I’m a way better shot than you could ever hope to be,” Seth reminded him.
Sam only nodded, knowing that that was the God’s-honest truth. Without another word passing between them, Sam headed for the trail while Seth laid his rifle in the grass and went about cutting himself a stout forked stick.
Sam descended the trail in an easy unhurried manner that gave Seth more than enough time to get the gun rest built. Once he had neared the bottom where the trail began to level out, and became more hospitable, he paused to look up.
Seth was indeed in position with the rifle barrel resting in the crotch of the forked stick. Sam waved and grinned when Seth returned the signal that said he was indeed about as ready as he was apt to get.
Sam then laid his rifle aside by propping it against a small boulder and picked up a few stones that were just about the size of one of them yellow lemons that puckered a fella’s mouth whenever he was fool enough to suck on one. After taking one last glance upward, he reassured himself that Seth was still ready and went about tossing the rocks into the scrub oak thickets and brush that stretched out beyond the foot of the cliff.
It took a couple more times of resupplying himself with rocks but Sam remained steadfast in his intent and kept them coming. Just as he was about to toss the last one that was all that was left of the third load, the buck must have lost the battle with his nerves as he noisily bounded into the open about thirty yards or so from where Sam stood.
From his high vantage point, Seth easily saw the movement in one of the oak thickets as the buck attempted to escape. No sooner had the deer made it into an open patch then the carbine barked and the animal folded like one of them honky-tonk accordions folks talked about but he had never seen.
“Nice shot!” Sam called up to him. “Go get the horses and find an easy way down! I’ll go bleed him and take the guts out!”
Seth waved his agreement. “Sounds like a plan!” he hollered down the hillside. “I’ll be down there as soon as I can!”
*
“Was that a shot?” Emily asked.
“Sounded like it to me,” Jacob replied and hauled back on the reins while at the same time pushing a booted foot against the brake handle.
“You think it was the boys?” she asked.
“Most likely,” he said before wrapping the bundle of reins into a half hitch around the handle. “I’m pretty sure it came from the general direction they had taken. My guess would be that because there was only the one shot, Seth was right on the button with his aim and we’re going to be blessed with a venison supper tonight.”
“That would surely be a blessing alright,” she offered. “It’s been nearly a whole week since we cooked and ate that pair of rabbits they brought in out there on the Kansas prairie.”
Just then, Sarah and Will appeared alongside Emily’s side of the wagon.
“Sounds like Seth got a deer,” Sarah said, matter-of-factly. “I wonder if he ever misses.”
Jacob grinned. “Reckon I taught him pretty good, huh?”
Emily chuckled. “You can take all the credit if you’re of a mind to but you know as well as I do that he was already a good shot that very first time he ever picked up a rifle, remember?”
Jacob shook his head in resignation. “Yeah, you’re right. But I could have taught him real good if he’d have needed it.” He grinned with put-on self-confidence.
“Reckon I’ve heard about all the storytelling a fella can reasonably be expected to put up with for one day,” Will cut in. “So what’ll it be? You want to sit right there and wait for the Lord to snatch you off that wagon seat and toss you into the Lake of Fire for outright lying, or would you rather make an early camp and wait for the vittles to arrive?”
“Neither,” Jacob replied. “I’d druther keep on going the way we were and let them catch up in their own good time. It ain’t like they won’t be able to follow our wagon tracks in this soft ground.”
With Will having accepted Jacob’s druthers, he and Sarah climbed aboard their schooner, and after retrieving the reins and weaving them through his fingers, snapped them against the pair of trailing rumps. “Git up there you bunch a knotheads!” he said by way of encouragement.
*
With the late afternoon beginning to wane as it slowly gave way to the coming dusk, Jacob pulled the team to a halt and set the brake. He allowed the reins to fall to the floorboards under his feet. He was dead tired and certainly glad for the day’s progress to finally end.
Em looked his way. “Sure am glad you decided to call it a day,” she said with obvious relief and stood. “My rear end is about as numb as the ears on a trout in a high-mountain stream,” she informed him as she went about doing her best to rub the feeling back into the fleshy side of her petticoat.
Jacob chuckled. “Fish don’t have ears.”
“I know...but if they did I imagine that’s how numb they’d be.”
He chuckled lightly, picked up the reins, and expertly wrapped them around the brake handle. He then stiffly made his way down the side of the schooner. His foot slipped off the wheel hub and he most likely would have gone down had it not been for the fact that he still had a good hold on the sideboard.
She smiled her amusement. “You might want to be a bit more careful old man. You aren’t near as spry as you once were.”
He knew she was right in her assessment and because of that elected to let the comment hang in the air while he instead headed toward the back of the wagon so he could come around to her side and help her down.
“Pretty good day’s progress,” Will commented as Jacob passed by in front of his and Sarah’s wagon.
“It was a sight better than just pretty good if you ask me,” Jacob offered in passing and hurried the rest of the way around to Emily’s side.
No sooner had he finished handing her to the ground when the sounds of approaching horses reached their ears. They turned to face the sounds and were pleased to see their sons emerging from the surrounding foliage with Sam in the lead and Seth bringing up the rear with a buck draped in front of him across his mare’s withers.
“Looks like that shot we heard a while back was exactly what we figured it was,” Jacob offered around a proud smile.
“Piece a cake, Pa,” Seth said and pushed the carcass from the mare. He then climbed down. “This where we’re gonna make camp for the night?” he asked.
“Yep, that it is,” Jacob assured him. “I’m bone tired and figure this is about all the progress these tired old bones need to make for one day.”
“Good. Me and Sam will hang this critter up, take a skinning knife to it, and see about getting some of it fit for human consumption.”
“Sounds like a plan to be admired. In the meantime me and Will have a date with a mess of tired horses.”
The next hour or so was a busy one for the homesteaders. Every member of the Clarkson and Swanson families pitched in and did what was expected. They collected firewood and quickly built a cooking fire. They tended the teams, skinned the deer, and spitted some of the choicest portions over the fire. Emily and Sarah did what was necessary to prepare a batch of golden brown biscuits, as well as a pot of fresh coffee to wash it all down with. Lastly, they laid the beds out inside the wagons. It was usual for Sam and Seth to lay their bedrolls out alongside the fire after everyone else had turned in. So, for the time being they remained rolled up and out of the way in a handy spot under the nearest of the wagons.
Once grace had been said and the meal had been eaten, the weary group turned in for the night without even bothering to clean things up. They figured they’d be in no particular hurry in the morning and whatever needed tending to could just as easily be taken care of once they had rested up from the rigors of the hard day.
Just about the last thing any of them were conscious of was the far-off woeful howling of a lonesome coyote as he gave his best attempt at trying to locate an interested female.
Chapter 4
The going had gotten tougher with each turning of the wheels as the terrain they were traversing had gradually grown steeper with even more rocks and boulders strewn around the area. Will and Jacob certainly had their hands full doing their level best to avoid a broken wheel. About the only saving grace was that the trees were widely spaced enough so that the wagons could manage passage between them without them being an added inconvenience.
Jacob reined his team to a halt. It was nearing the noon hour and a respite from the rigors of the difficult terrain was certainly in the offing. He continued to hold onto the reins as he sat beside Em in silent reflection. After a few moments, he sighed heavily, looked her way, and forced a strained smile.
“Tough morning, huh?” she observed.
“Boy, I’ll say,” he replied and began wrapping the bundle of reins into their customary half hitch around the brake handle.
The sounds of the rushing waters of Tarryall Creek, although usually of a soothing nature, were now showing signs of the harshness of the environment they had entered. Miniature waterfalls dotted the length of the creek that flowed only about five yards away from the side of the wagons.
“There’s got to be a better way to go than this,” Will offered after suddenly appearing next to Jacob’s side of the schooner. “That contrary team of knotheads of mine is working me to a frazzle.”
Jacob climbed down. This time he made darned sure he had a good footing on the hub. Once safely on the ground, he pulled his hat and ducked his forehead into the crook of an elbow before answering. “I’m thinking right along the same lines, Will,” he admitted and ran a palm over his hair to help wipe away the sweat that remained. “I’m also thinkin’ that what with the boys as outriders we could do well to turn these wagons to the west and get our backsides out there on that grassy basin...Mexican bandits or no.” He perched the hat atop its rightful place.
“Now that right there sounds like a plan to be admired,” Will said as his face lit up. “What say we rest up here awhile and get a bite to eat?”
“Are either of you gentlemen of a mind to help the ladies down?” Emily asked from her position atop the blanket she had folded into a square and was using as a cushion. She then indicated it with a patting hand. “This cushion of sorts may look comfortable enough, but trust me...it is definitely lacking in its design and usefulness. However...it’s certainly better than nothing at all.” She extended a hand out toward her husband in anticipation, causing Will to disappear on a mission of his own to help Sarah down.
Jacob figured that there was no sense in going all the way around to the other side of the wagon and jumped up onto the wheel hub in response to her extended hand. Before he could acquire a good hold on the sideboard, the foot slipped and he came crashing down. He landed in a heap and even bumped his head a bit on an ill-placed, partially buried rock that was certainly big enough to get his attention.
He right away started moaning his distress.
“Jacob! Are you alright?” Emily called as an immediate sensation of warm adrenalin pumped into her chest and neck, then continued upward until it flushed her cheeks.
Jacob didn’t answer, but allowed one eye to peek open a slit. He managed to keep his grin concealed on the inside while he watched Em carefully make her own way to the safety of the ground.
His moaning increased in direct relationship to the proximity of her approach.
She fell onto her knees beside him and carefully lifted his head onto her lap. She then looked at her hand and saw the blood that she had picked up from the wound on the back of his head. “Sarah...Will...come quickly! Jacob’s been hurt!” she called while looking back toward their wagon.
Sam and Seth had been doing a bit of advance scouting and arrived at the wagons. They jumped from the backs of the mares and hurried to the prone figure of their father.
“Is-is he alright?” Sam asked as he and Seth stood looking down at him.
“Is he hurt bad?” Seth asked.
“I-I don’t know yet,” she answered with an unmistakable bit of apprehension mixed in with the words.
Sarah and Will joined the gathering and Sarah collapsed onto her knees on the side opposite her mother. Tears immediately began to appear. “Oh, Daddy...please don’t die,” she pleaded and tenderly placed a loving hand against his cheek.
Jacob had reached the point where it was all he could do to maintain a straight face. He opened his eyes. “Why would I want to die, sweetheart?” he asked into her distraught expression. “This is about the most comfortable position I’ve been in all day.” The grin he’d been harboring all along finally showed itself.
“Oh, you!” she admonished and slapped him on the shoulder. “You ain’t nothing but a big faker and should certainly be ashamed of yourself.”
The grin widened.
“That might be true enough,” Emily said. “But the fact remains that the back of his head is bleeding and that isn’t to be taken lightly.”
He turned his gaze on her and reveled in her beauty. She was about as pretty a woman as any man could ever hope to lasso. Her hair was a soothing shade of light brown that reminded him of the color of a distant sandstorm. Her eyes, although mostly brown, had a pleasing greenish tint to them that went real well with the hair color. Her face was put together in such a way that any fella who was lucky enough to have her look his way, would certainly admire her, even from a distance. Her skin was as clear as a mountain stream and her lips were...well...about as kissable as any he had ever laid eyes on.
She was thirty-eight years old, and despite the fact that she had mothered three beautiful children, the Lord had seen fit to continue to bless her with a slender figure that was the envy of most women barely half her age.
Jacob reached a hand to the back of his head and came out with about as much blood on it as Emily had previously, which wasn’t very much but was still enough to be of a concern to the both of them. He decided to try for some more sympathy and closing his eyes, returned to moaning his distress.
Sarah would have none of that. Reaching up, she took Will’s hand and rose from her position beside the faker. She placed determined fists atop her hips and glared down at him.
He eased up on the moaning.
“You need to quit all that no-account caterwauling and get your worthless hide up from there. You got yourself a little bitty bump on your head that most likely isn’t any more serious than a hangnail. So...with that in mind, were I you I’d be opting for getting my old geezer butt up out of that grass and see if you can manage to find someone who’s willing to tend it while there’s folks around here who are of a mind to still love you.” She gave him a fish-eyed squint. “If you get my drift?”
He propped himself up on an elbow and watched her and Will head on back to their wagon. He rested his gaze on the boys. “Feisty little heifer, ain’t she?”
“She is that,” Sam said. “But she does have a point there.”
Emily and the boys helped him to his feet and she took him over by the creek where she went about doing the best she could to tidy up his head wound. She then retrieved his straight razor from the box in the back end of the wagon, right near the tailgate, and used it to carefully remove the hair around the area in the fashion of a circle that wasn’t much bigger than a silver dollar. She then tidied up what remained of the blood around the wound, and after tearing some white linen into usable strips, smeared a bit of salve on the cut and used the linen strips to securely bind a folded compress of sorts in place in an effort to soak up any leakage that might occur.
After she had finished, his hat didn’t fit nearly as well as it had before but that was a small price to pay in exchange for the comforting effects the bandage lent to the wound.
They had built a midday fire to ward off the chill and the next order of business was for the entire group to gather around it. The remnants of the hind quarter of venison that had been cooked the night before was brought to the fire for all to share and the discussion immediately centered on the hardships their current route had been forcing them to deal with.
“Reckon we’d be doing ourselves a favor to go ahead and head west a ways until we find ourselves in the basin,” Jacob suggested. “Will an’ me already talked about the possibilities and figure that with Sam and Seth riding along as outriders they could keep a sharp eye out for any of them Mexican bandits that Oscar fella was talking about.” He looked around the circle of faces. “Anyone see it any different?”
“I’m thinking that that might be the best way,” Will offered. “The way we’re headed isn’t a problem if a fella has the luxury of being on horseback, but these wagons are a horse of a different color, if you get my meaning.”
Seth decided to have a say. “I’m one of the lucky ones, what with me being on horseback. With that in mind, I’m thinking that any decision that needs making here should come from them what’re being forced to deal with the hardship of driving the wagons. Does that make any sense?”
“I’m thinking that that’s the first thing you’ve said all day that does,” Sam assured him.
“Very funny. Why did I know that you were going to say that?” Seth replied.
“I think I would agree with Seth,” Emily offered.
“As much as I hate to admit it, Seth is right,” Sarah chimed in.
“Okay...that settles it then,” Jacob said with finality. “After we finish our meal we’ll turn these wagons toward the basin and see about coming up with an easier route.” He then turned to face Sarah. “Could you see your way clear to getting your poor old wounded pa another piece off of that deer’s hind leg? I’d do it myself but my head’s paining me something awful.” His downturned puppy dog eyes lent about as much credence to the request as was humanly possible.
She took a few seconds to go over her choices, until finally she said, “You’re not only about as helpless as a newborn babe but you’re so full of malarkey and manure that you’re eyes are brown. With that in mind...I’ll say that you aren’t fooling me even one little bit with your poor-me sad story but I’ll do it anyway because I truly do love you.” She then pulled the cutting knife from where it had been stuck into a handy stump for safe keeping, sliced a good sized hunk off the dwindling supply of venison, and stuck the blade of the knife back where she’d found it. She then went to him, knelt at his side, and kissed him on the cheek before handing him the meat.
“Thanks, sweetheart. You’re a jewel.”
*
Sam and Seth rode out toward the west with the intent of not wasting any time coming up with a satisfactory route that would get them to the basin where, once there, the going would make life easier for everyone involved. However, shortly after heading out, Sam was suddenly distressed to spot a group of riders on the ridge just west of the one they had crested barely five minutes before.
Without warning, Sam hipped around in his saddle and held a halting palm out toward his brother. “Hold up, Seth,” he said just loud enough for Seth to hear but not nearly loud enough for the small band of Indians to have even the slightest inkling that there were any white men anywhere around. Sam pointed at the ridge that was directly across the chasm that lie ahead and slightly off to the right of them.
Seth immediately drew rein and looked in the indicated direction. Spotting the Indians, he instinctively ducked in an effort to make himself as inconspicuous as possible under such short notice.
Both brothers dismounted and immediately cupped a hand across the muzzle of their respective mares before leading the animals off the game trail and into the nearby brush. They remained hidden but were able to see what the Indians were up to.
While the brothers looked on, they could see that the redskins were involved in some sort of a parlay that was seemingly a mite heated at times with more than one or two of them getting agitated about something. There were six of the heathens all told and it didn’t take much for the onlookers to see that the argument was about which way the bunch needed to go. It was as plain as the nose on a fella’s face that two of them wanted to go one way while the other four favored another.
Finally, it appeared that the four had won out and headed off in the same general direction that Sam and Seth had figured on heading. This put a whole new kink in their plans and as soon as they watched the remaining two heathens disappear into the surrounding forest after the others, they swung up and hightailed it back the way they had just come.
*
They found the wagons only about a mile or so back but they had been pushing the mares hard the entire day and the animals were lathered by the time they reined up.
“Looks like you two have been abusing them horses,” Jacob said, once he had pulled the team to a halt; the words hadn’t been said none-too-gentle neither. He had always been steadfast against them that were of an abusive nature whenever it came to dumb animals, whether they be horses or otherwise.
“Sorry, Pa,” Sam offered. “But we just seen us a bunch of heathen redskins and figured the quicker we got word back here the better.”
Jacob right off figured that this was a completely different kettle of fish and forgot his anger. “Which way were they headed?” he wanted to know. “Are we in any danger?”
“Don’t rightly know for sure, Pa,” Seth answered. “The last we seen of ’em they were headed just about straight west with a particular destination in mind...leastways once the arguing had let up they were.
“Were what?”
“Of a mind to head for somewhere in particular...ain’t you even listening?”
Jacob could again feel his ire begin to rise so he took a deep breath before answering, “Course I’m listening Mister Smartmouth. It’s just that I want to be absolutely sure of what you’re saying. It wouldn’t do for any of us to go off half-cocked and find ourselves in a bind that we’d be hard-put to wiggle our way out of.”
“Yeah...you’re right, Pa. I’m sorry. It’s-it’s just that these are Injuns we’re talking about here.”
Emily had heard all she cared to. “You two need to stop this tit for tat right this instant. It would better serve everyone present if the both of you would instead put your heads together and figure out our next move.”
“Move about what?” Sarah asked as she and Will had just joined them.
“We just seen us a small bunch of Injuns a ways west of here, sis,” Sam informed her.
Although she was certainly concerned about Indian sightings, she elected to address the immediate issue instead. “You two have surely been being hard on them horses. They need a good drying off and cooling down.”
“That’d be a real good idea, Sarah,” Jacob said. “What with it already getting late in the day, I’m thinking our best option right now would be to make an early camp so you boys can properly tend them horses and those Indians have time enough to ride off to wherever it is that heathens in this part of the country like to ride off to.”
No one disagreed with Jacob’s assessment and the brothers dismounted.
Chapter 5
The remainder of that day, and into the coming night, had taken on an air of genuine concern and uneasiness for the homesteaders. During what remained of the daylight hours they had risked the smoke of a small cooking fire that had also helped to ward off the coming evening chill. Once the sun had dipped below the western horizon the temperatures quickly got serious about being an issue and it got downright cold.
Just prior to turning in the men decided to post a sentry against the unseen hazards of the coming nighttime hours. They decided that the four of them would each take a two-hour stint, with Jacob offering to stand the first watch, Will taking the second, then Sam, and finally Seth.
After laying it all out, the women and the rest of the men went to their respective wagons with Sam and Seth taking up Pa’s spot in the wagon with their ma.
It didn’t take but about two shakes for the settlers to realize the need and they all went about donning every stitch of clothing they could lay hands on. They then bundled themselves in the blankets and did their darndest to fall asleep.
Jacob, too, had put on as much clothing as he could reasonably stand to carry around and then wrapped himself inside a cocoon of saddle blankets.
He sat with his back against a sturdy aspen and listened to the sounds of the night while the stars above glittered their thousands upon thousands of pinpoints of light as a testament to what the Lord had created. A streak of light shot across the sky above and he smiled, knowing that someone somewhere had probably just had their life’s wish fulfilled; leastways that was what his folks had always told him when he was still coming up. He smiled at the sudden, fond remembrance of his parents.
An owl hooted from its position of authority in the upper reaches of a nearby tree and a coyote let loose with a mournful howl. It was immediately answered from a different direction. He then raised his gaze into the night and said a brief prayer for the safety of the two families in the wagons. His wagon went to creaking as either Em or one of the boys was trying for a more comfortable positioning. He opted for it being one of the boys, knowing that once Em had settled in for the night, she rarely budged.
He then repositioned the rifle that had fallen from where he had propped it against his leg. He figured he was maybe getting a bit droopy eyed, and enlisting the rifle for use as a brace of sorts, used it to help push his way up to a standing position. The saddle blankets fell away in the process but he figured that was alright because he was of a mind to walk around a bit and that alone would help keep him warm. He then hefted the rifle and began strolling around the camp and surrounding area.
The nocturnal sounds continued as he paused at each of the wagons and listened to the even breathing of the sleeping occupants. He smiled, knowing that they were safe in the protective arms of the Lord...as well as his rifle, if it came right down to it.
As he was walking away from Will and Sarah’s wagon, a different sound reached his ears. It had seemed far away and barely discernible. He strained an ear into the night without success. Puzzled, and not at all willing to let it fall by the wayside just yet, he continued to listen with drawn together eyebrows and slowed breathing.
There it is again, he realized. It had sounded of a woman’s scream, followed almost immediately by a man’s laughter. He was sure it had come from the west, or maybe even southwest. In any case, it didn’t seem to be as far off as he had originally thought.
Deciding that a woman screaming at this time of the night could surely stand a bit of looking into, he quickly made his way back to the rear of Will’s wagon.
“Pssst, Will?” he hissed. “Will?”
At first only a gentle rustling answered his call, then Will took over, “Yeah...what is it?” he whispered.
“Come on out here for a minute.”
The rustling intensified until finally Will’s leg appeared as he went about climbing over the tailgate. Jacob helped him, and once he was safely on the ground outside the wagon, he asked, “What is it, Jacob? Why’dya wake me? Is it time for me to take over the watch?”
Before Jacob could answer, Sarah asked from the interior, “You alright, Will?” Is it your turn already?”
“Shhh,” he hissed in return. “I’m just having a talk with your Pa. Go back to sleep. Everything’s okay. Go on back to sleep.”
He then turned to face Jacob in the starlight. “What’s up?” he whispered.
Jacob took him by the arm. “C’mon, let’s move away from the wagons.”
They crossed to the far side of the clearing and huddled together.
“So, what’s up?” Will asked again.
“I heard some sounds a while ago that could most likely stand some looking into.”
“What kind of sounds?”
“Like a female in distress, kinda sounds. Then it was followed by a man’s...there it is again. Did you hear that?”
Will wasn’t sure what he’d heard, but it was definitely something that didn’t set too well, he’d quickly decided as a shiver ran up the length of his spine. “Sounds like maybe a mountain lion screaming,” he offered.
“That isn’t any mountain lion,” Jacob assured him. “That’s a woman sure as we’re standing here.”
The same sound reached their ears again, this time it seemed a bit louder.
“Reckon you’re probably right about that, Jacob. That’s a woman alright. And from the sounds of it, I’m thinking she’d do well to get some help.”
“My thoughts exactly. You go wake Sarah and tell her what’s going on. I’m gonna go wake Emily and the boys and fill them in. Then we’ll have Sam stand guard while we go see what’s happening out there.”
“You want to take the horses?”
“No. It’d be better to hoof it on our own. That commotion doesn’t seem all that far off and we’ll have less trouble sneaking up on it if we don’t have the possibilities of a fool-headed horse announcing our arrival before we even arrive.”
“Good point.” Will turned to leave, but Jacob hooked his arm and turned him back around.
“We’ll be moving fast, so get shed of the extra clothes and strap on your gunbelt...and don’t forget your rifle.”
Once the camp had been awakened and Sam had assumed the sentry duties, Jacob and Will said their good-byes to their wives, while at the same time assuring them that they would be careful and not take any unnecessary chances. They then set out on foot in a southwesterly direction that they hoped would bring them to what they were looking for.
*
Alvarado Garcia was a man of little to no patience. He was a filthy man, with badly rotted brown teeth and a bushy black mustache that more times than not had food particles hanging from it that were probably rotted as well. The rest of his badly scarred face was thankfully partially hidden behind a growth of black whiskers that was probably approaching four or five days now, judging from the appearance. His clothes matched the rest of him and it would be correct to assume that neither they nor the rest of him had managed to be a part of a bout with the cleansing waters of a river or stream for...well...for God only knew how long.
Around his waist, he wore a brown sash that partially obscured his gunbelt, but allowed the pistola and holster to remain in view. There was additionally a knife sheath shoved into the top edge of the sash with the bone handle of a rather oversized knife protruding from it. Make no mistake about it...Alvarado Garcia appeared as dangerous as he was ugly.
Becky Jenkins cringed in the dirt at the feet of the filthy, swaying drunkard. A trickle of blood shown on her chin from the most recent blow she had suffered. She pulled her legs in under her and closed her eyes against the sight of the horrible man. Her left eye was swollen shut from a beating she had been subjected to earlier in the day. The tears had ceased to show themselves shortly after her Mexican captors had killed her younger brother and both her parents; had that been only a few weeks ago? It seemed longer.
She had grown up in the south of Texas, around Laredo, and had picked up enough of the lingo to understand the filthy things that these men were saying about her. She was also able to speak the language with enough confidence to make herself understood but had so far been able to keep her abilities from her captors. Just knowing what they were up to gave her an edge that kept her about two steps ahead of being even more of a victim to their abuse than she already was.
She had learned from overhearing their conversations that they intended to meet up with some Indians and that she was to be turned over to them for whatever the Indians had to offer. She took comfort in knowing that they were unable to take advantage of her in inappropriate ways because that would diminish her value in the eyes of the Indians and maybe even void the trade altogether. She also knew that the unscrupulous man who towered above her was unwilling to take that chance.
Although the drunkard spoke a form of broken English that under different circumstances was at least partially understandable, as long as he was in his present condition he was nearly impossible to understand at all. “You do this!” he shouted. “You do this whiskey to me!”
He pointed and she finally got the idea. She unfolded her legs and painfully pushed her way to her feet. She then slowly made her way to the pack that she knew held the bottles of whiskey. She took her sweet time about retrieving a bottle while she slowly scanned the scene around her. The other two filthy pigs were lying beside the fire. She was sure they were either asleep or passed out cold, either of which suited her just fine. It was unusual for the trio to have left her untied and she had decided that because of that she would escape once the exact opportunity presented itself.
No sooner had the thought of escape again entered into her mind, then the abusive leader of the bandits flopped his fat butt onto a stump by the fire and she realized that at that very moment her chances were about as good as they were apt to get.
With that objective firmly in mind, she took a white-knuckled grasp on the neck of the whisky bottle and approached the fire. The drunkard reached out feebly for the needed whisky and she let him have it alright...right upside the head. He toppled over just the way she had imagined he would, and even though there was a satisfied smile showing itself across her face, she still wondered guiltily if she had killed him.
With her thoughts returning to the more pressing issue at hand, she bolted away from the fire and the other two Mexicans who, without much success, were doing their darndest to make it to their feet and get after her.
She fled with every fiber of her being. She knew that if she were caught all bets would be off, as would the trade with the Indians.
She quickly came to the protection of the surrounding forest but didn’t slow much as she continued to flee pell-mell away from the threat that would soon be after her, if it wasn’t already.
During her flight, she found herself burdened with the need to hold the front of her dress off the ground or risk tripping over it and further complicating her situation. In this manner, she stumbled her way into the relative safety of the foliage, but being unable to maintain her balance, she continued over frontwards and fell into a bush that served well in helping to break her fall and had possibly even assisted in preventing serious injury. She righted herself and struck out again.
She ran for another minute or so until she felt the need for a brief rest. She pulled up and stood bent over forward at the waist with both hands braced against the tops of her knees. Her chest heaved as she gasped for some much-needed air. Once she felt a bit more in control she unbuttoned the row of fasteners that ran up the front of the dress from her waist to her neck and stepped out of the heavy garment.
Satisfied that her chances of making good her escape had just improved immensely, she shivered against the cold and cupped both ears while she listened into the night. She detected nothing except for the usual sounds one would expect to hear. Pleased with herself, she picked up the discarded dress and carried it over one shoulder as she began walking through the woods, almost as if she were out for a Sunday night stroll.
*
Jacob and Will had made good headway. Although it was difficult to see the objects ahead in the dim light of the stars, there was enough illumination so that they managed to avoid most of the obstacles as they continued with steadfast resolve in what they hoped would prove to be the right direction.
They would stop from time to time and listen into the night for any sounds that would give them hope that they were in fact closing in on whatever the trouble might be. However, with nothing of a solid nature to go on they were essentially at a loss and relegated to wandering aimlessly into whatever unknown dangers might be awaiting them.
It was during one of their brief rest stops that the sound of rustling brush broke the otherwise eerie silence.
“You hear that?” Will asked in a hoarse whisper before turning his head to look in what he figured was the direction it had come from.
“Yeah,” Jacob breathed and rose from where he had been resting on a fallen log. “Sounds like someone making their way through the brush.”
“That’s what I’m thinking. I’m also of a mind that who or whatever it is is headed right this way. Let’s hide and see what comes of it.”
They spread apart to the tune of about ten yards or so and found a couple of good-sized trees that would hide them from whatever was headed their way. They fell silent and listened into the night toward the approaching sounds.
It didn’t take but about a minute or so before Jacob noticed a shadow of sorts making its way in his direction. He silently pulled his pistol and brought it to bear while hoping that Will had laid eyes on it, as well.
He could see that it was a person alright but was completely baffled because of the seemingly oversized top part of it. When the figure was only a few paces away he jumped out with the six-gun held at the ready. “Hold it right there!” he commanded. The next thing he knew he found himself covered over with a blanket or something and was struggling to get shed of it while the sounds of diminishing footfalls told him that his prey was getting away.
Just then he heard Will say, “Stop right where you are! I got me a pistol and I’ll shoot the daylights clean outta ya if the need shows itself.”
“Please don’t!” A female voice pleaded. “Please don’t shoot me! I’m unarmed! I don’t have a gun!”
“You just stay right where you are then!”
Jacob had finally managed to rid himself of what he had determined to be a dress. He picked it up from where it had landed and carried it toward where he had heard the female’s pleading words. Once he’d found their owner, he could readily see in the bright light of the moon that had just this minute made its appearance, that she was indeed the owner of the garment. He held it out to her. “Here...you might want to put this on before you catch your death of cold.”
“Thanks,” she said, “but that’d be the least of my worries right about now.”
“Why’s that?” he asked. “Are you the one who was doing all that yelling and screaming a while back?”
“That’d be me alright,” she replied as she accepted the dress. “You of a mind to keep that going, are you?”
“Not hardly.”
Chapter 6
Once they had finally arrived back at the camp, it didn’t take long for everyone to gather around the new edition. It also didn’t take long for Seth to find himself drawn to her; she was just about the prettiest woman he’d ever laid eyes on, and that’s saying something considering he had always figured he’d seen his share of uncommonly handsome gals in his time.
Becky introduced herself and managed to give them a sketchy accounting of how she had lost her beloved family and had fallen into the clutches of the three filthy Mexican bandits. Everyone was genuinely sorry for the way things had turned out for her, but were certainly happy that she was now safe from the clutches of the trio of lowlife banditos.
She then informed them that when she had made her escape from the Mexican camp, all three of them were drunk and undoubtedly passed out cold by now from what to her seemed to be their nightly round of soaking up the swill.
With this bit of good news, they relaxed a bit and Will went about kindling a warming fire. If the Indians were anywhere around the area, well...they all agreed that’d it be a whole sight better to fight off the Indians instead of just outright freezing to death. At least with a blaze to keep them warm they had an outside chance of making it through the night, especially if the redskins left them alone.
With still a few hours remaining before daylight would even think about brightening things up...so to speak, the need for a sentry remained against the threat of a surprise Indian attack from the bunch Sam and Seth had come across the previous afternoon. Although the possibility of that becoming a reality was extremely unlikely, they opted for posting a sentry anyway, and because of that, they kept the fire burning throughout the rest of the night. Because Sam had drawn the last watch, he was certainly appreciative of that consideration.
With Becky now a part of the group that she had learned were settlers heading for their new homes, a changing of the sleeping arrangements was in order and was dealt with in quick fashion. Seth laid his bedroll out right next to the fire, while Jacob moved to Will’s wagon. Against her wishes, Sarah was forced into the wagon with her ma and Becky, but knowing that realistically there was no other way, she accepted the change with the good graces of a Christian woman who not only truly loved the Lord but was also loved right back in return.
*
Although their honest to goodness intentions had been to get on the trail at first light, that didn’t happen as the false dawn came and went, as did the initial appearance of the sun above the eastern horizon as it went about announcing the beginnings of a new day.
The Indians hadn’t attacked during the night and the Mexicans most likely hadn’t sobered up enough to pose even the slightest threat. Sam had obviously lost the battle with his eyelids and had managed to settle into a spot next to what remained of the fire with a couple of the horse blankets serving him well in helping to fight off the chill.
Jacob opened his eyes to the sound of a hawk shrilling its dominance over the morning sky. He tugged aside the covering at the back of the wagon and squinted against the sun’s sudden glare. He then nudged Will with a foot, giving him good cause to stir.
The blanket that had been completely covering Will’s face came down and he sat up. “Reckon we missed first light,” he commented. “But then again,” he grinned before continuing, “as you can see, I wasn’t about to lose any sleep over it.”
Jacob laughed lightly, and folded his blankets back. “I can surely see that alright enough. Fact is...the truth be known I’m of the same cut my ownself this morning.” He then went about removing the extra layers of clothing that had done a tolerable job of warding off the dangers that had been a part of the freezing nighttime temperatures.
They could hear squeaking coming from the other wagon and knew from that that the women were also beginning to stir.
“Sounds like we aren’t the only ones who managed to get a complete night’s sleep,” Will commented. “Reckon I’d best roll out of the sack and get to tending a morning fire.” With that, he pulled aside his blankets and went about removing the extra layers of clothing.
Once outside the wagon, Will used a booted foot to nudge Sam and Seth into some sort of consciousness. They were both of the sleepy eyed variety and took their sweet time approaching what some folks might call a normal state. During this time Will expertly got the fire to blazing and it was well past ready to go by the time the women had managed to gather together the cooking utensils and breakfast fixings.
Sam and Seth kept a close watch on the surrounding forest while Jacob and Will harnessed the teams and the women folk prepared the breakfast.
With nothing proving to be of an immediate threatening nature, Sam left the watching up to Seth while he saddled the horses. That proved to be a real good arrangement for Seth because it allowed him the opportunity to watch Becky about as much as he was watching the trees and bushes. That eventually turned into a bit of a problem for Seth, though, because it seemed that Becky was also using the opportunity to watch him about as much as he was watching her. It seemed that whenever he would glance her way, she’d quickly avert her eyes, and whenever she would glance his way, he’d quickly avert his. Plain and simple, it was akin to a cat chasing a mouse or maybe even a mouse trying his best to keep away from the cat. Reckon it kind of depended on whether or not a fella thought of himself as the cat or the mouse was the way he was looking at it.
Finally, she walked right up to him and faced him square. “Is there an extra saddle and blanket in one of the wagons?” she asked outright.
“Huh...eh...yeah there is,” he managed.
“Good. Tell that brother of yours to throw it on one of those other mares, because if you don’t mind I’ll be riding along beside you.” That said, she turned her back and went to help finish up with preparing the breakfast.
Emily allowed an approving grin to show itself while she stood by and watched the exchange. “You fellas need to come and eat this before it’s food for the buzzards!” she announced and showed Becky not just a pleasant smile, but a knowing wink as well.
By the time the breakfast had been eaten, there wasn’t much of anything left for the buzzards or even enough for an average-sized field mouse. After the utensils were cleaned in the creek and the fire had been doused, the wagons headed out toward the northwest with the genuine hopes of not running into the trio of Mexican bandits or the Indians, riding in the wagons right along with the settlers.
Becky was understandably apprehensive but managed to keep the vigil as she rode along with Sam and Seth. Once the wagons and their outriders reached a place that flattened out a bit, the outriders spread out with Sam on one side and Seth and Becky riding together on the other. In this fashion, what remained of the morning passed without anything more threatening than a doe and her twin fawns being spotted.
“Someone said you hail from somewhere down south Texas way, is that right?” Seth asked as he and Becky sat their mares atop a gentle rise. The vantage point gave the both of them a good gander at the stretch of grassy basin that stopped just short of the base of a majestic, snow-capped mountain range that stretched along the basin’s western boundary.
She fidgeted a bit with her rein before answering. “Yeah, I grew up on a ranch just outside of Laredo, right near the border with Mexico. There didn’t used to be a border there, but there is now.”
“Yeah...I know. You ever learn to talk Mexican?”
She smiled. “That I did...leastways enough to get by. As a matter of fact it came in pretty handy what with them Mexicans not knowing that I could understand what they were saying and because of that I knew what they were planning without them even knowing that I knew.”
He allowed his mare her rein and she stretched her neck out and began munching on the lush green grass that lay underfoot.
“You said your family was killed recently. You want to—?”
Her eyes immediately turned glassy and moist. She looked into his eyes and forced a wane smile to appear above her quivering chin. “I...I’d rather not talk about that just yet. I’m sure I will in time, Seth, but not right now.”
“I-I’m sorry Becky. I guess I wasn’t thinking,” he offered and reached out a hand toward her.
She accepted it and they seemed content to just hold hands and look into one another’s eyes. Finally, she broke the spell, “You and Sam are sure a lot alike.”
“Like two peas in a pod,” he said, stating the obvious.
“I’ve never before seen two people more alike. It’s kind of weird actually.”
“No it ain’t.”
She gave him a broad grin, with the moisture adding a bit of sparkle to her eyes. “Well...maybe weird is the wrong word,” she decided.
The grin evolved into a genuine smile that got him to wondering what it would be like to plant a kiss on them beautiful lips of hers.
“But it’s certainly spooky,” she added.
He only smiled. He was still having a hard time getting over them lips of hers. “I-I-eh...”
She released his hand. “C’mon...we best be getting back to work. It wouldn’t do for those bandits to have a free hand with sneaking up on the wagons.” A thought entered her head that she had been wondering about. “So...where are we headed anyway?”
He smiled. “I thought you would never ask. Actually we’re...” His words trailed off as the sight of a group of riders out on the floor of the grassy basin grabbed his attention.
She easily saw his concern and looked that way herself. Fear immediately gripped her and a hand went to her mouth. “Oh, Seth...is it those bandits coming to find me again?” she asked with the sight of her trembling chin again tugging at his heartstrings.
“Don’t you worry none, Becky,” he assured her. “I’ll protect you with the last breath left in me if need be. If it is them I won’t let them get their hands on you ever again.” He tugged on the rein and pulled his mare’s head away from the grass. “C’mon...” he said, “we need to get back to the wagons before they show themselves out in the open.”
They reined around with him taking one last look before putting his heels to the mare.
He had misjudged the progress the wagons had made and they crossed the wheel tracks some distance behind them. They quickly realized the miscalculation and made an abrupt turn that would put them on the right trail. It was only a couple of minutes more before they caught sight of the rear of Will’s rig. It didn’t take long after that to catch up and as he passed by Will and Sarah, he hollered, “Pull up!” He then continued until he was also able to get pa’s attention and got him to rein to a stop as well.
Once the wagons had rolled to a stop, Jacob jumped down and grabbed a handful of the bridle on Seth’s spirited mare. “What’s up?” he asked. “Why’dya stop us?”
Becky’s mare caught up and slid to a stop right beside Seth’s.
Will had already joined them and caught ahold of the bridle on her mare. “What’s up?” he asked.
Seth was about as out of breath as his mare was but he did his best anyway, “We just...we just seen a bunch...a bunch of riders out there in the...in the open.”
Jacob released the bridle of the now-calming mare. The concern was evident in his eyes as he looked up at his son. “Was it the Mexican bandits or the Indians?”
“I don’t know for sure,” Seth replied. “They were pretty far out there.”
“Which way were they headed?”
“Kinda northwest from what I seen.”
“Good...that means they’re probably not concerned with us. Reckon we’ll just stay right here for a spell and let them go on their way. In the meantime you need to go fetch your brother.”
“Yes, sir.” Seth reined around and was gone.
Emily and Sarah had sided up to their husbands, with the concern evident in their eyes. “You thinking there might be trouble on the horizon?” Emily asked Jacob.
“No...no I don’t,” he admitted. “Seems like there’s a few riders out on the open basin that are headed away from us. No...I’m of a mind that they’re just travelers same as us.”
“That being true then why are we stopping?”
He let the question hang in the air, unanswered. “So, what do we have that’d be easy to whip up for a noonday meal?”
“Nothing worth eating,” she informed him and headed for the back of the wagon. Once there she turned toward Will. “How about getting a cook fire going before you men starve to death?”
“Coming right up!”
*
After they had prayed over and eaten the meal, the outriders were sent back out and the wagon wheels again began turning as they resumed carrying the travelers toward their destination.
It took barely another hour for the wagons to finally roll to a stop along the sought after eastern edge of the wide-open grassland that made up the biggest part of the South Park Basin.
With Oscar Tuttle’s hand drawn map having now been relegated to right next to useless, it was now square on the shoulders of the group of settlers to find their own way to Como, and eventually their homesteads.
The one thing they had going for them, though, was the fact that the map indicated that the area they were looking for was situated somewhere in the foothills along the eastern edge of the basin. With that in mind, they pulled the teams around to a more northerly intent and set out along the base of the gently rolling, grass-and-shrub-covered hills while continuing to maintain a vigil for anything untoward.
The sunset that evening was one for the picture books. There were gentle layers of scattered clouds stretched out across the western horizon that got the setting sun’s diminishing rays to bouncing around in such a way as to lay out an amazing assortment of colors as they lit up the western sky with a picturesque tranquility that got them to thinking about God’s grace.
“If that isn’t where the Lord lives,” Emily said softly, as she stood next to Jacob and hugged his upper arm, “he’s surely been here a time or two.”
Once the colors had transformed to their mundane gray, Jacob and Will drove the wagons into a nearby stand of trees and everyone went about putting together a camp that was the best one yet.
Yes, sir. Don’t ever let it be said that the combined family of the Clarksons and Swansons weren’t of a spirit and determination that could meet any eventuality head-on and come out on top.
Chapter 7
With the next day being the first Sunday since having left the settlement along the bank of Tarryall Creek, it went without saying that a Bible meeting was in order and Jacob embraced the welcomed respite from the everyday rigors of the journey with the tenacity of a bulldog.
He chose to give of himself from the sixteenth chapter of Psalms. The promise of eternal life for anyone who trusted in the Lord was a true blessing to those who already knew His goodness. But that left not only Seth on the outside, but Becky as well, although no one knew it at the time.
Her parents had rarely attended church and as a result, she had gained only bits and pieces of what the true meaning of salvation was all about.
Jacob’s way of delivering the message that morning had kindled a small flame somewhere deep inside her and she secretly vowed to find out more about what he had said. It was then that she made the decision to have a talk with Seth about it once the time was right.
*
They packed up the camp in quick fashion and continued their northward trek beneath a canopy of a dark gray cloud cover that threatened rain at the very least, and snow if the air turned much colder. A brisk wind began to blow from the west that forced the wagon’s occupants to take shelter beneath the canvas coverings while they continued their journey.
It was then that the rain began to fall and soon after, Sam, Seth, and Becky tied their horses to the backs of the wagons and joined the others under the canvas protection. Barely ten minutes later the rain turned to freezing grapple that pelted them unmercifully. Less than twenty minutes after that, almost as if by magic, the punishing grapple transformed into fluffy snowflakes as the temperature continued to plummet.
With the blowing snow now having intensified to the point where it was coming down with a blinding, driving fury, Jacob pulled his team to a halt and waited for Will to come forward to see what was up.
Almost immediately, Will braved the driving storm and climbed over the tailgate. He fell into the wagon bed and quickly righted himself. “Reckon that’s just about the quickest I’ve ever seen a rain storm turn into a solid blanket of snow,” he said and glanced back over his shoulder the way he had come. “That why we’re stopping?”
“That exactly why,” Jacob countered. “In fact, I think we need to pull these schooners into the trees and find a bit of protection from all this wind.” He extended an all-encompassing hand into the air around them.
“Sounds good to me,” Will conceded and turned to leave.
“I’ll lead the way,” Jacob instructed.
“Sounds god to me.” With that, Will again climbed over the tailgate, but this time there was nothing to arrest his fall and he fell to the ground.
“You alright?” Jacob called.
“Yeah...yeah...yeah, considering that I feel like I just fell off a cliff, I’m okay.”
Jacob realized that if they were to be successful in finding a good place out of the storm, he would need to be able to see all around him during the endeavor. After using a neckerchief to tie the brim of his hat down across his ears, he tugged the collar of his sheepskin coat up as far as it would go and climbed out onto the wagon seat.
The raging storm had changed its direction just enough to quarter into him from the northwest. He tucked his exposed face behind a shrugged shoulder and leaned the top of his head into the onslaught.
“You doing alright, Jacob?” Emily called from the inside of the wagon.
Unwilling to trust the ability of his voice to carry above the sound of the storm, he instead nodded and snapped the reins. The wagon lurched and he immediately pulled hard against the right handful of reins, turning the team in that direction and shortly relegating the wind once again to the side of the wagon.
He continued in this direction with Will following close behind until, finally, the wagons entered the aspens and pines that blanketed the slope of the nearest of the hills. Once Jacob had reached a place he deemed worthy, he moved his wagon a bit farther into the protection of the forest. After allowing enough room for Will’s wagon, he pulled the team to a standstill and kicked the brake handle forward.
Realizing the immediate need to get the horses to somewhere that would make life easier for them, Jacob climbed down while taking the bundle of reins with him. With fingers that were nearly frozen, he went about preparing the team.
Despite the agonizing condition of his hands and fingers, he managed through practiced familiarity and sheer determination to complete the unsavory task of pulling the king pin which separated the doubletree from the tongue. Grasping the reins tightly, he walked behind the doubletree as he carefully guided the team to a more suitable location. He quickly came across a spot on the lee side of a thick stand of dark timber and was therefore almost completely out of the storm’s onslaught.
He used a couple of lead ropes to secure the two right side mares to a pair of trees that were ideally spaced for the purpose. After having assured himself that the team would do just fine, he worked his way through the drifts until he was back at the wagons.
He then went about untying the leads that secured the two riding stock that Seth and Becky had been using. While he was doing this, Emily stuck her head out the back and hollered, “Are you alright? Did you find a suitable place for the team?”
He only nodded his response, and noticing that Will had freed his team, followed after him with the pair of horses in tow. Jacob was pleased to see that Sam was following close behind with the remaining two riding horses trailing behind him, and Seth even farther behind leading Will’s mare and the milk cow.
After tending the animals, all that remained was for the occupants of the covered wagons to do their best to survive the harsh conditions. Sam and Seth were in the wagon with Will and Sarah, while Becky shared with Jacob and Emily. The best they could hope for was to put on every stitch of clothing they could lay hands on and wrap themselves in bedclothes and anything else they could come up with.
The storm continued its onslaught for the remainder of that day, all through the long cold night, and well into the morning of the following day. When it finally broke, the beleaguered travelers were sleep-starved and not to mention cold and hungry, but they were still alive.
The men were the first to emerge from the wagons and found the minimum depth of the snow to be nearly two feet and therefore well past what would be acceptable for the women to have to deal with. The only way would be for them to rid themselves of their cumbersome dresses and opt for wearing pairs of the men’s trousers. Although this was normally an unacceptable practice, the conditions they now faced were far from normal and they did what was necessary.
It went without saying that the wagons wouldn’t be going anywhere anytime soon. With that way of reasoning being the prominent one, Sam and Seth set about clearing away as much of the snow as was necessary to allow a comfortable existence until they were able to resume the journey.
Jacob and Will kicked their way through the drifts until they managed to break a workable trail all the way to the horses. What they found was unsettling at best; two of the horse’s in Will’s team were down in their harnesses and as dead as dead could be. The milk cow was also stiff as a board and nearly covered over with snow.
“Jeezum Crow,” Will said softly. He looked at Jacob. “Eh...sorry, sir,” he offered by way of apology. “It’s...it’s just that—”
Jacob rested a hand on Will’s shoulder. “There’s no need to apologize, son. That was aptly put and would be my sentiments exactly.”
“So, what do we do now?” Will wanted to know.
Jacob stroked his chin thoughtfully. “Well...we obviously don’t have the wherewithal to bury the horses, but we do have the God-given ability to eat the cow. I would suggest that you enlist the help of Sam and Seth and find a suitable tree upon which to hoist her up off the ground sufficiently to allow for removal of the hide.”
“Yes, sir.”
Once an adequate portion of the immediate area next to the wagons had been cleared of snow, and a warming fire had been built, Sam and Seth joined with Will to tend to the butchering of the cow. The entire process took much less time than Jacob would have anticipated. This was mainly because the only parts of the beef that were of an interest to them were the four quarters. There was no need to even deal with the main section of the body, so it was left intact. They then cached the meat in the tallest of drifts where they would then be able to access it at their leisure.
With them now finding themselves snowed in, their main objective was to ensure that no more of the horses died from the cold. Nor would it do if any of them starved to death. With that in mind, they spent a major portion of the daylight hours doing their best to harvest sufficient quantities of grass to keep the animals going. They also threw saddles and blankets on all five of the riding horses and stuffed protective clumps of leaves and other foliage under the harnesses on the remaining horses that pulled the wagons.
All of this was no easy task because of the depth of the snow cover but there were enough areas on the lee sides of trees and rocks and sheltered rock outcroppings to make keeping the animals fed an even bet. However, toward the end of the second day, to their chagrin, another burst of weather moved in, and throughout the nighttime hours, laid down a blanket of about another three inches or so of unwanted snow.
Of course this was a bit of a setback, but the determination of the settlers was such that they pitched in all the harder and managed to keep this new development confined to nothing more than...well...a bit of a setback would be as good a way as any of describing it.
That second snowstorm proved to be the end of their bad luck for the time being. After the sun had finally managed to break through the cloud cover, nothing but good weather prevailed for the next few days.
As soon as the snows had melted to the point where the grass-covered basin was again traversable, they rearranged what remained of the horses into teams of three per wagon and then merged two of the Clarkson riding stock into the teams by harnessing them in the right side trailing positions where they had little to no responsibility. All that was required of them was that they do their part in helping to pull the wagons.
Becky mounted Will’s gelding and they set out again in search of Little Baldy Mountain, Como, and their section and a half of homestead land.
Chapter 8
Seth and Becky sat their mounts while remaining hidden behind an overgrown thicket of scrub oak. The trio of riders were headed north but didn’t appear to be in any all-fired hurry to get to wherever it was they were headed. They were a good distance out on the flat part of the basin and weren’t seemingly too concerned about being seen either.
It was near impossible to make them out from this distance, but both Becky and Seth suspected that they weren’t Indians.
“Peers like they’re white men alright,” Seth said and looked to her for reassurance.
“Seems that way to me, as well,” she said, while keeping her gaze glued on the riders.
While he continued to look her way—which was for no other reason than he just liked looking at her—he saw her eyebrows narrow a bit right before her forehead transformed itself into a washboard of concerned wrinkles.
“You look like you just acquired a thought or two that’s got you to wondering what the heck?”
She turned her attention on him as the wrinkles disappeared. However, it was easy to see that the concern continued to show itself around her eyes. “I think those are the same three Mexicans who held me captive,” she informed him and again looked toward the trio of riders.
“Are you sure?”
“No...not really, but I’m of a mind that they sorta look the part and I surely ain’t willing to err on the side of outright foolishness by assuming that they’re not them at all. I’d a whole lot rather assume the worst while hoping for the best.”
“That’s probably the best way of going about it, if you ask me,” he said and laid a comforting hand on her shoulder. “C’mon, let’s get back to the wagons and let the others in on this.”
During the ride back, they kept to the trees and managed to overtake the wagons at a spot where they had stopped to water the teams in a slow-running stream behind a gentle rise in the basin’s floor. Had the wagons not been behind the crest, the riders could have easily seen them.
It was as if the Lord had seen fit to keep them from potential harm.
Seth and Becky reined up and dismounted at the water’s edge. They allowed the mares their heads and the animals touched their noses to the surface of the stream.
“You two get your fill of sashaying around the countryside?” Jacob asked.
“Well, no. It ain’t that, Pa. We just saw three riders out there in the basin that Becky here has a notion they could be the hombres what had held her captive.”
Jacob turned to her. “Really?”
“Yes, Mister Clarkson. I’m not completely positive because they were a good ways away, but they sure looked the part from where we sat watching them.”
Jacob grew thoughtful for a few seconds before saying, “Well now, that could put a whole different wrinkle on things around here.”
“So what’re we gonna do, Pa?” Sam asked from right behind him.
Jacob had already built himself a thought-provoking steeple of fingers in front of his nose and mouth. After a bit, he let it fall by the wayside and said, “We’ll keep the wagons in the trees and slow some while we let them pass us by and go on their way.”
The assenting nods from the others lent a measure of credence to the plan and they climbed aboard. They hastily headed for the nearest of the trees while the getting was good.
As planned, the wagons slowed to a more leisurely pace. Even though the trio of riders that Seth and Becky had seen were traveling in a significantly different direction than the one the wagons were taking, it made no sense to outright let their guard down and maybe find themselves in a tight. With that in mind, Seth and Becky remained as outriders while Sam stayed near the wagons in a protective mode.
As the noon hour approached, the travelers stopped for a bite in the protection of a shallow depression that hid the wagons from view by way of generously foliated crests on either side.
*
Seth and Becky had taken provisions with them and remained away from the wagons and alert for any signs of trouble.
“So...you of a mind yet to talk about what happened to your family?” Seth asked and reached for another hunk of the cow they had been making good use of.
Becky continued to look out across the tranquility of the grassy basin.
They were lying on their stomachs along the edge of a line of trees that served them well in breaking up their silhouettes. She rolled onto her side and looked into his eyes. She had decided over the past few days that he was certainly easy to look at. She picked up a twig, and after rolling onto her back, commenced to break it into smaller pieces while her mind traveled back to that dreadful day when those filthy Mexicans had showed up at their ranch outside Laredo and changed her life forever. Her eyes grew moist and the tears threatened to appear.
He felt sorry for the remembered loss she was dealing with.
She turned her head to look at him briefly before pushing herself up to a sitting position. She tossed the twig aside. “Yeah...” she breathed softly. “I think it’s about time I let it all out.” She then forced a smile that accomplished nothing in the way of masking the turmoil that for slightly longer than three weeks now had been tearing her apart from the inside out.
Seth also moved into a sitting position that allowed him to face her. He then crossed his ankles and pulled them in toward him. “Go ahead,” he whispered into her heartrending expression. “I’m all ears,” he said, a bit louder this time.
She attempted to smile but the effort fell short. “We were...” She paused while she went about attempting to collect herself.
She looked away and he caught sight of a single tear that had escaped from the corner of her left eye and began sliding down her cheek. She brushed it aside and sniffled.
He reached out and took her by the hand. “Look, Becky, if this is going to be too hard for you...why don’t you just wait until—?”
She patted the back of his hand with her other one. “No. It’s alright. I-I just needed a minute was all.”
This time her smile seemed a bit more genuine.
Her accounting of what had befallen her family was one that strained the imagination, even his. When she had finished, they remained seated in complete silence. There were tears on her cheeks as well as in his heart. He repositioned himself until he was better able to pull her in against his chest.
While she shuddered against him, he vowed within himself to kill all three of the Mexican pigs if he ever got the chance.
Once she had pretty much gotten it all out, she dried her tears with his neckerchief and gave it back to him. “Thanks, Seth,” she said into his eyes. “I really needed to talk it out and that was long overdue.”
“Anytime, Becky. Anytime.” He stuffed the neckerchief back into his hip pocket and rose. He then smiled down at her and offered her a helping hand.
Instead of taking it, she looked down at the hands she had clasped together on her lap.
A slight frown laid claim to his brow. “Becky?”
She looked up. “Yeah,” she answered softly.
He knelt onto one knee and reaching out, took her by the hand. “You have something else on your mind, don’t you?”
She sighed. “Yes, I do.”
He grinned. “Are we gonna talk about that, too?” he asked with the grin briefly taking on a playful appearance until he realized that she was of a serious nature. He let it fade. “So what is it? What’s got you looking so serious?”
She came right out with it, “Why are you not like the others?”
“What? What’dya mean? What others?”
“The others...” She gestured toward the east. “You know...your family. Your mother, your father, Sarah and her husband...your brother.”
“I’m not unlike them.”
She then showed him a pleasant smile. “Spiritually, I mean. They have God inside of them, but you don’t seem to. Why is that? Why are you not like them?” Her expression grew troubled.
He tried to answer but found himself at a loss. “I...eh...I...”
“That’s what I thought.”
His dander had started to rise. “What’dya mean...that’s what I thought?”
She could see that she had hit a nerve and wondered if it might be best to just let it go for now. But, with her being more the type to not beat around the bush she waded right in, “Look, Seth...maybe I don’t have any right to get involved, especially because I’m pretty much in the same boat as you, but if my entire family had been of a religious persuasion, I can’t imagine not holding those same beliefs. You and Sam are the same in every way except that. Why is that?” A genuine look of concern was in her eyes.
Seth, by then, had been looking off to the side...he turned to face her. He had softened, and as a result, a bit of a smile had laid claim to the corners of his mouth. “You sure don’t mind getting right to the point, do you?” he asked, in an effort to steer this in a different direction.
She detected his slight change in attitude. “Why should I? Sometimes bringing things right out into the open have a way of getting a body to thinking things through, even if the thinking needs to be done by the body that’s doing the bringing. Does that make any sense?”
His eyebrows came together slightly, but his smile was now the most prominent part of his expression. “What the heck did you just say?” The smile grew even wider while the eyebrows returned to a more-normal positioning.
She liked what she saw and figured she should leave this right where it was...at least for the time being. She offered her hand out to him. “Help me up.”
He pulled her to her feet and they found themselves face to face and not too far from one another either.
They remained there with their gazes intermingled. Neither of them could look away. She reached tentative fingertips toward the side of his face, but stopped just short of touching him. Her eyes closed and he detected a slight tilting of her head. Her fingertips then gently found their way to his cheek as his gaze focused on her lips...those beautiful, tantalizing lips.
Nothing else seemed to matter to him as he placed his arms around her and they drew together in an embrace that they both knew was long overdue.
The kiss was both tender and loving. It was the very first romantic kiss for either one of them, as was the flood of feelings that were sweeping through the both of them.
They parted and looked into one another’s eyes.
He drew in a deep breath in an effort to calm his heartbeat. He then exhaled and smiled. “Reckon now that that’s out in the open I don’t mind saying that it was something I’ve been thinking on doing for quite a spell now.”
She showed him a beautiful smile that right away got him to again thinking about those lips of hers.
“Yeah, me too,” she breathed and puckered-up for another helping.
Chapter 9
With the hills along the eastern edge of the basin having now become steeper and boulder strewn, Jacob kept his team to the gullies that were laid out pretty much southeast to northwest. He continued to drive the wagon in the creases until it finally arrived at a saddle that looked to be passable and would get them back to a more northerly direction. It wouldn’t do for them to get so far to the west that they would have to backtrack in order to even have a chance of finding Como.
Jacob pulled the team to a halt and kicked the brake handle forward. He handed the reins to Em and climbed down.
Will quickly joined him. “What’dya think, Jacob? That hill over yonder look to be the best way to you?”
“That’s what I’m thinking,” he replied, looking at the gentle slope. “Looks to be passable alright.”
Sam had been dragging a couple of good-sized limbs in front of Jacob’s wagon, which went a long ways toward breaking the trail through the snow. After reining around, he tossed the rope aside and now returned to join them. “What’s up, Pa?”
“Take a quick ride up there,” Jacob pointed, “and let us know if that low spot might be the way to go.”
“Okay. Be right back.”
“In the meantime we’ll rustle up something and wait for Seth and Becky to show up.”
“Gotcha!” With that, he headed for the ridge that loomed above them.
The women had secured the reins and joined them as Sam continued his ride up the hill.
“You thinking that’s the way we’ll be heading?” Em asked and rubbed the sweat from her brow with the palm of a hand.
“That depends on what Sam is able to see from up there. One thing I do know though...”
“What’s that?”
He looked in the direction the wagons were headed. “If we go any farther west...we’ll have us a heck of a time figuring out which way we need to go to have an even chance of finding that homestead of ours.”
She took him by the hand and gazed into his eyes. “Don’t you worry none about that, Mister Clarkson. The Lord God is right here in these wagons with us and He surely knows the way.”
He smiled and nodded knowingly. “I’m not about to argue with that way of reasoning, Mrs. Clarkson.” he said. He then looked around the immediate area before shading his eyes with a hand and looking toward the lowering sun. “Reckon this is as good a place as any to make camp for the night. It might still be a mite early but all this reining around the obstacles in these gullies had got me plumb wore out. Besides...we’d do well to wait for Seth and Becky to catch up before we go changing directions without warning.”
Emily turned to Will. “Will...how about you and Sarah seeing about rounding up enough dry wood to get a tolerable cook fire going?”
“I’m all for that,” he replied. “C’mon, Sarah, I’m so hungry I could eat the south end of a north bound opossum.” He took her by the hand.
“That’s disgusting.”
*
The following morning arrived in all its glory. Not only was the sky overhead devoid of even a single cloud, but there wasn’t even so much as the slightest hint of a breeze. Despite the morning chill that hung in the air, they all knew that this was going to be a wonderful day.
When Sam had returned the evening before, he was about as excited as a four-year-old that had just found a brand spanking new toy under the tree on Christmas morning. There was a small town of sorts down in the valley on the other side of the ridge and they were all eager to see it. He let everyone know that the route over the ridge was indeed one that would serve them well in getting them again pointed in the right direction, but first things first...the camp needed to be laid out, while the town would still be there in the morning.
Becky and Seth rode in shortly after the fire had gotten a real good start toward putting out enough heat to get the coffee pot to boiling. Even though it was as plain as the nose on a fella’s face, Emily had been the only one to notice that things seemed somehow different between the two youngsters. She smiled knowingly.
After the meal had been prayed over and eaten, everyone got busy with cleaning up, straightening up, hitching up, saddling up, and getting up the hill toward the ridge that would eventually get them on their way to that town that represented some long overdue and much needed contact with civilization.
The closer they got to the town, the more excited the travelers became. The town itself wasn’t much more than a gold camp but to them it represented a chance to languish in a real bathtub, enjoy the comforts of an honest-to-goodness shave, and maybe even sit down to a meal out of the weather with someone else having to do all the work.
The wagons rolled down the final decline at the bottom of the hill and creaked to a stop. The occupants gathered in a group between the two wagons and went about laying out their plans. It was decided that the first order of business was to find a place where everyone could get that bath there were longing for. After that...well...they’d just take things as they came.
With that way of thinking lining the fronts of their brains, they climbed aboard and continued the rest of the way to the mining camp. Once they reached the outskirts, they rolled past a sign at the side of the road that informed anyone with an interest that it was a place called Garo.
They continued into the hustle and bustle of the camp that seemed to be filled to the brim with people, animals, and wagons of just about every shape and size sitting everywhere a body cared to look. The street was narrow and Jacob and Will had their hands full with keeping the schooners from running into someone else’s rig. Sam, Seth, and Becky were a big help in that respect by riding ahead of the wagons and shooing folks out of the way.
While all this was going on, Emily kept her eyes peeled for anything that would indicate a place to clean up. Finally being successful in her endeavor, she turned to Jacob and got his attention by placing a hand on his arm. “Looks to be a place right there,” she announced and pointed to a false-fronted building that could have been housing most anything. The sign, however, advertised it as a place to get a bath for ten cents and a shave for a nickel.
With no reasonable place along the side of the street that appeared big enough to accommodate both wagons, they continued the length of the street and pulled to a stop just beyond the final structure.
“Might make some sense for someone to stay here and watch the wagons,” Jacob said after they had all gathered at the side of Will’s wagon.
“I’ll stay,” Becky offered. “You folks go get your baths and I’ll take mine a bit later.”
“I’ll stay with her,” Seth offered.
No one was about to argue and they set out back toward town with visions of hot bath water dancing in their heads.
Seth and Becky were certainly envious as they watched them go.
Becky sighed. “What ever possessed me to say I’d stay behind? Think about it...I could be heading for the first real bath I’ve had in more than a month.”
Seth chuckled. “Yeah...that may be so, but just think about all the pleasure and happiness you’re bringing to others?”
“That may be true enough, but the heck with that. I’ll not rest until I’ve had that bath.”
He smiled his amusement and took her by the arm. “C’mon, little lady, what say we take the saddles off our horses and give them a good drying off and brushing?”
She smiled. “Oh, fine. Now make me envy the horses, too, while you’re at it.” Now it was her turn to offer a lighthearted chuckle.
They went to the rear of Will’s wagon and slid the saddles and blankets from the horses. The animals were only slightly sweated so they decided to bypass the drying off part of it and went right to currying them from head to toe. When they were well into the operation, a commotion of sorts somewhere down the street drew their attention.
“What’s that?” Becky asked as she paused with curry in hand and looked over the mare’s back.
“I don’t know but it sounds like trouble to me. Like maybe an argument,” Seth informed her. “It’s right over there.” He pointed. “C’mon...let’s go see.”
She was hesitant. “B-but I don’t think that’s such a good—”
“Good! Sometimes thinking just gets in the way.” He took the currycomb from her and tossed it into the back of the wagon where he had already chucked his. He reached for her hand. “C’mon...let’s go see,” he coaxed.
The disturbance continued while they approached. It was indeed an argument over something that was still unclear to them, but it was loud and heated.
Suddenly, Becky stopped dead in her tracks and grabbed onto Seth’s coat sleeve.
He stopped and turned to look into a frightened expression. “What’s the matter? What is it?”
Tears immediately appeared and she drew back slightly.
Concern for her flooded his face. “Becky? What is it?” he repeated and took both of her hands in his.
Her response was whispered and barely audible. “Those men...those are the same ones that killed my family and took me captive.”
“What?”
“Those are the same—”
“Never mind, I heard you.”
She clutched his hands. “Oh, Seth...what are we going to do?”
He looked around. “We need to go get the sheriff.”
They quickly moved away with her looking back over her shoulder. They had gone barely ten steps before stopping in front of an onlooker. 
“Where can we find the sheriff?” Seth asked the grizzled oldtimer.
“Ain’t no such a thing,” he replied. “Ain’t no law to be had in this here gold camp. Reckon the closest would be up the road in Fairplay.”
“And where might that be?” Becky asked.
The old prospector pushed a thought-provoking hand around to the back of his neck and gave the area a real good rubbing. “Well...let me figger this out. Near as I kin remember, I’d say it’s about six or seven miles straight north a here...as the crow flies, that is. But when ya figger in the roundabouts what’re needed to get a fella ’round the obstacles what’re sure ta be in the way...well, that six or seven could turn into a sight more’n that...if I’m any judge.”
“Thanks, Mister,” Seth offered. “I Appreciate the information.” He then tugged lightly on Becky’s arm. “C’mon, Becky, we need to get back to the wagons before someone makes off with the horses.”
She had things she wanted to say but decided to keep them to herself until they were alone. They hurried back to the wagons just in time to see someone, who it appeared, was indeed eyeballing Will’s mare.
“Don’t even think about it, Mister,” Seth said menacingly, and rested a hand on the butt end of his pistol.
“Just admirin’ this here good-lookin’ piece of horseflesh,” the man responded and pointed at the holster on Seth’s right hip. “You just keep that shooter right there where it belongs an’ I’ll be on my way.”
“See to it,” Seth said simply, and lifted the pistol about an inch.
The man quickly went on his way while taking a couple of looks back over his shoulder in the process.
“Reckon we got back here just in time,” Seth reasoned.
Her focus was still down the street where the argument continued to demand a whole lot of folks’ attention. “Huh? What? What did you say?” She forced her attention back to him.
He smiled at her. “I just said that we got back here at just about the right time before that fella could make off with Will’s horse.”
“Yeah,” she breathed. “But what are we going to do about those three men down there...” she waved in their direction, “who killed my family and took me captive?”
Any answer, good or otherwise, that he might have been able to come up with, was quickly relegated to the back of his mind when the sound of gunfire filled the air around them. Barely five seconds later they heard the sounds of galloping horses as the three Mexicans in question were riding straight for them.
“Quick! Get behind the wagon!” he instructed and shoved her to safety ahead of him.
They made it to cover without any of the three men seeing them.
“Can you handle a gun?” he asked her once the fleeing heathens had passed the wagons.
“Y-yes, I can,” she replied. “But I—”
“Good!”
He then reached into the back of Jacob’s wagon and fumbled around a bit before coming out with a pistol. He held it out to her. “Here...take this and shoot anyone who gives you any guff or even shows an unhealthy interest in the wagons or the horses.”
“Where are you going?” she wanted to know as a gripping fear continued to squeeze her chest.
“I’m gonna go see what that shooting was all about.”
“Please be careful, Seth. In case you haven’t already guessed it...I have future plans for you.”
He brought her into his arms and they shared a kiss that proved without a doubt that not only did she know what she was talking about, but now so did he.
Chapter 10
Seth approached the crowd of townsfolk that had collected. He pushed his way through and looked down at a scene that turned his stomach. There was a splotch of blood on the man’s shirtfront and a sobbing woman bent over him. It was obvious that he was dead.
“What happened?” Seth asked the man standing next to him.
The man answered without removing his eyes from the dead man. “Ain’t real fer sure but near as I can tell that fella there was just walkin’ with his missus when three Mexican hombres gunned him.” He pointed. “You can see that he weren’t even carryin’ a shootin’-iron.”
Seth hadn’t noticed at first but the dead man was indeed without a holster strapped around his middle. A feeling of anger forced him to turn away. It was evident that with the scarcity of lawmen around this part of the country it would behoove him and his family to keep their guns handy. “Thanks,” he said, turned, and headed for the bathhouse.
“Some of you fellas go get your horses and guns.” Seth heard someone say. “We need to see can we track those fellas before dark sets in.”
Figuring the chances of the townsfolk having any success with trailing those Mexicans were probably right there down around slim to nonexistent, Seth entered the dimly-lit lobby and had to wait a bit just inside the door for his eyes to adjust.
“Can I help you?” a pleasant-sounding female voice asked. “Are you looking to get a bath?”
By then he was able to make out the outline of the woman situated behind the counter. He crossed the room and stopped in front of her. He was now able to see that the wall behind her was lined with three shelves that were stacked with a bunch of towels of assorted sizes. He turned his attention on her smiling face.
“As a matter of fact, I am. But not just yet. I’m looking for my pa, my brother, and my brother-in-law. They should be in here somewhere.” He looked around as if expecting to spot them at any minute.
She pointed toward a drawn curtain. “They’re in there,” she offered. “They should be done most anytime now.” She then smiled. “I thought you looked familiar. You and your brother are twins, right?”
Just then a fella about Seth’s age exited from behind the curtain. “Those gents are finished and are getting dressed!” he announced.
Seth smiled. “Well then...that being the case I reckon I’ll be getting that bath I’ve been waiting for.” He glanced around the room. “That is if no one else is ahead of me.”
“You would be next,” she informed him.
“Good. So while you folks get the bathwater ready to go, I’d like to have me a talk with my pa.”
“Sure thing,” the youngster said. He held the curtain aside just enough for Seth to enter. “Right this way,” he invited.
Jacob and the others were indeed getting dressed when he entered. “Hey, Seth,” Jacob said from behind a huge grin. “That was just about the best bath I’ve had since...well...since the last one, I reckon.”
Seth chuckled. “I’m next and I’m surely looking forward to it.”
“What was all the shooting about a while ago?” Will asked.
“That’s mainly why I’m here. From what I’ve been able to find out, some fellas gunned an unarmed innocent man who was just walking the sidewalk with his missus.”
“Why would they do a fool thing like that?” Jacob asked.
“Don’t know. Me ’n Becky heard a bunch of arguing and headed that way to see what all the hullabaloo was about. Soon as we got there, she right away recognized the fellas who were causing the ruckus as the same three that had killed her family and took her captive a while back.”
Jacob’s mouth opened as if he were about to say something, but nothing came out. He closed it and remained speechless for a few seconds, obviously trying to figure what this could all mean.
“What’dya think we should do, Pa?” Sam asked from across the room.
“Well...probably the first thing that needs doing is to let the local law know about them fellas.”
“Ain’t non.”
They all turned to face Seth.
“Ain’t non what?” Will wanted to know.
“Local law,” Sam let him know. “That right, Seth?”
“Yep. That it is. Fella told me that the nearest was most likely in Fairplay.”
“That’s on our map,” Jacob said and reached into the front pocket on his trousers. He came out with Oscar Tuttle’s hand-drawn map.
Seth continued while Jacob was unfolding the paper, “The fella who told me that also said that Fairplay was only about six or seven miles straight north of here...as the crow flies,” he added as an afterthought. “Some of the men are forming a posse of sorts to see about tracking those hombres.”
“Fat chance of that holding any water...this late in the day anyway,” Sam offered.
“My thoughts exactly,” Seth agreed.
Jacob had gotten the map unfolded and was tracing it with a fingertip. The finger stopped. “Seems to me that according to this map, we should just head right on up to Fairplay. There’s a bit of a notation right here.” He jabbed the finger tip against the map. “It says that Como is only about eight or ten miles northeast of Fairplay. That means—”
“That means that if the weather holds we can make it in a couple of days,” Will said, finishing the thought for Jacob.
“Exactly!” Jacob began refolding the map. “So, with that in mind I would say that we need to keep our eyes and ears open in case those Mexican hombres have decided to make this part of the country their stomping grounds.” He faced Seth. “I’ll pay upfront for the price of the baths for you and Becky. Once they’re over and done with we’ll all meet back at the wagons.”
“Sounds real good to me,” Seth said. “I’ll stay here and get my bath started. I left Becky standing guard at the wagons with that extra pistol of yours.”
“Good.” He looked at Will. “You want to go get her?” He didn’t wait for an answer before returning his attention to Seth. “Once you two are done with your baths we’ll see about getting a bite to eat before planning our next move.”
“Sounds good to me.”
By the time Will had returned with Becky, her bathwater was hot and ready to go, and although she would have rather soaked away the entire rest of the day, she gave in to the gravity of the latest developments and made short work of getting it done.
Seth had already finished and was waiting for her in the lobby when she begrudgingly joined him.
“That was entirely too short,” she informed him.
“Yeah, I know. But at least we were able to at least scrape off the outer layer of crud,” he countered. “C’mon...the others will be waiting and I’m so hungry my stomach’s wondering if my throat’s been cut.”
They left the bathhouse and hurried to the wagons. Along the way they could see that the street was much less crowded than it had been previously. Arriving back at the wagons, the others were all there as expected, and they quickly made their way into town. It didn’t take long to locate the only cafe around and they enjoyed a much-appreciated meal.
Once that was out of the way, they headed back to the wagons and climbed aboard. Jacob and Will reined the teams around to the north while Sam and Seth remained as outriders. Because of the chance encounter with the banditos, Jacob had decided to keep Becky in his wagon for safekeeping. Without exception, every member of the group of settlers were now keeping a loaded rifle or pistol handy.
The trip to Fairplay was completed just as dusk was preparing to give way to the coming night. They set up camp along a beauty of a stream that made its way down the hillside just to the west of the settlement and east of a towering range of mountains that, to say the least, appeared to be of a formidable nature.
More than once during the early evening hours, riders passed by just out of sight of the wagons. On each occasion the settlers held their weapons at the ready...just in case. They were, however, not so paranoid that Jacob felt they needed a sentry. They turned in and were relatively quickly fast asleep.
*
The dawning of the next morning brought with it a sense of serenity that was directly attributable to the snow-crested mountain range to the west. The peaks were barren of any trees or vegetation with the sun glistening off the snow with all the grace and beauty of a herd of grazing antelope.
The first order of business was to fix and eat breakfast. While the meal was being prepared the teams were harnessed to the wagons and the needed riding horses were saddled and bridled. To Becky and Seth’s delight, she had managed to convince Jacob to let her return to her preferred duty as outrider.
After the meal had been eaten, the dishes, pans, and utensils were cleaned and put away. The last thing to be dealt with was the now-empty coffee pot. Once everything was in readiness, they mounted, climbed aboard, and made the short trip into Fairplay. 
This town seemed a bit more civilized than the previous ones they had been in recently and it was generally thought that finally they had entered a part of the Colorado Rocky Mountains that was more to their liking. With that in mind they pulled up in front of the:
Fairplay Land Office
-Acreages To Be Had-
Not only did the cubbyhole of an office seem to be darned near an exact copy of the one back there where they had first filed their homestead claims, but the gent behind the counter fit the mold as well. The only obvious differences between him and Oscar Tuttle were that he appeared to be slightly younger, a good bit slimmer, and a mite more difficult to get along with.
“You two want something?” he asked curtly as soon as Jacob and Will had entered.
“Just a bit of information,” Jacob replied.
“Well...state your business and be on your way. I’ve got pressing matters to deal with.”
Neither Jacob nor Will were all that pleased with what seemed to them to be a less-than-cordial way the fella had of dealing with his customers, but they figured that that was his cross to bear and let his sour disposition remain just that.
Jacob pulled the homestead papers from his coat pocket and began unfolding them. “I...we...” he glanced at Will, “were looking for some help in learning the exact location of these homesteads and maybe the best way of finding them.”
The clerk reached out and took the papers. He leafed through them while the beginnings of a troubled expression began showing itself by way of a slight narrowing between his eyes and a wrinkling of his brow. Once he had finished giving the papers the once over, he reached under the counter and came out with a ledger book that appeared to be an exact copy of the one Tuttle had used to initially record the homestead filings.
“Is there something wrong?” Jacob asked as his own brow grew troubled.
“Yeah...probably,” the clerk replied simply.
Now it was Will’s turn to show his concern. “What’dya mean...probably? Is there or isn’t there? And if there is...what the heck is it?”
The clerk didn’t answer right away. Instead, he remained engrossed in the entries in the ledger. Finally he removed his eyeglasses and looked up. “It seems that this quarter section right here,” He separated one of the filing papers from the others and handed it to Jacob. It was the one in Seth’s name. “was given out two days ago.”
“That’s impossible!” Jacob protested. “That one belongs to one of my sons. It was filed on over a week ago...all legal like.”
“That may be true enough, but the fact remains that this office never got the word and that makes it fair game for someone else to latch onto it.”
“So, what happened? How come you never got the word?”
“Could be anything, I guess. But the most likely answer would be that the circuit rider is probably laying dead out there somewhere with an arrow or two sticking out of him.” He waved an all-encompassing hand that indicated exactly where out there somewhere was. “Borden doesn’t have a telegraph so the only way we can communicate with that office is to have a rider bring me an update whenever the weather and the Utes permit it. Of course, what with that storm we just had, that could certainly be the reason he ain’t been here yet. But then again...it could have been the Utes and if that is indeed the case, that right there would be too danged bad if you asked me. Tom was the best rider we’ve had in the last six months or so.”
Jacob could surely understand the predicament the land agent was in. “So, what now? I guess if there’s another piece of land that’s right near that one,” he indicated Seth’s filing paper, “my boy’ll just have to settle for something else.”
The agent had already been comparing the ledger book to the map. “Looks like there just might be,” he said, after looking up. “It looks to be a piece that borders the one in your name.” He stabbed a finger against the map.
Jacob took a look. “Looks like it straddles that river right there,” he observed and laid a finger against the map.
“That it does,” the agent replied. He moved his finger a bit. “This right here is where your homestead is and this right here is the new one I got in mind for your boy. They come together along the south edge of yours and the north edge of his. And I don’t mind saying that from the way I’m seeing things, they’re both pretty good pieces.”
Jacob nodded. “So how’s the grass down thataway? We’re figuring on setting up a cattle ranch down there.”
“Far as I know...the grass all throughout that area is some of the best around.”
“Good...we’ll take it then.”
“You’ll need to bring your boy in so he can sign the papers.”
“He’s right outside,” Jacob replied. “Will, go out there and get Seth, will you?”
“Sure thing.” With that, Will headed out the door.
Jacob accepted the other homestead papers from the agent and began folding them. “Does Como have a telegraph?” Jacob asked. “And what’s the best way to get there?”
The agent laid Seth’s new filing paper onto the counter top and looked up. “Yes, Como does have itself a telegraph office and I’ll be sure to send them not only a message about your son’s filing, but the rest of those as well.” He indicated the packet of papers Jacob held. “Obviously none of them have been entered into Como’s records either. You folks should be there sometime tomorrow so Henry will be expecting you.”
“Henry?”
“Yeah...Henry Carter. He’s the land agent there. I’ll let him know in the telegraph message that you folks are on your way. He’ll be able to point you in the right direction and lay out all the particulars as to exactly where your homesteads are located.”
They looked up to the sound of the door opening. Seth and Will entered. Will had already filled Seth in on the circumstances surrounding the foul-up so they got right down to assigning him his new homestead. Once that had been all signed, sealed, and delivered...so to speak, they set about listening to the agent fella fill them in on the best way to get from Fairplay to Como.
As it turned out, the route they were to take headed them straight out of town to the east. After a few hundred yards, they would come to a trickle of water that was called Park Ditch. Once across that, and about another mile-and-a-half or thereabouts, they’d meet up with Crooked Creek. It was a mite bigger than the ditch and this time of year it was usually full up to the brim with swirling torrents.
After making that crossing they’d be faced with making the climb up Red Hill Pass. Once over the pass they would see three mountains off to the north. The first, and highest of the three, was called Mt. Silverheels. The very top of it was usually cloud shrouded. As far as the land agent knew, the middle one didn’t have a name, while the third one was the one they would be looking for...Little Baldy Mountain. Right between the second mountain and Little Baldy was Trout Creek. From the sounds of it, it shouldn’t be much of a problem for them.
Shortly after that they’d run right into Como. It was a bit more than just a wide spot in the road and would be easy enough to find because the trail they would be using was well-used and therefore usually trouble free.
Once their business was completed they left the land office and climbed aboard the wagons. They headed out to the east with the anticipation of knowing that they were only a day or so away from finally laying eyes on their homesteads.
Chapter 11
The road out of Fairplay was narrow, with steep grades and heavy forests on both sides. Because of that it was decided that the three outriders would remain on the same trail as the wagons. As an added precaution, Sam remained about a hundred yards or so behind the wagons while Seth and Becky rode a ways out front.
In no time at all, they came to Park Ditch and reined up. The fella back at the land office had been right when he’d said that it wasn’t much more than just a trickle of water. They made the crossing with little difficulty and continued on toward Crooked Creek and what lay beyond.
Even though the trail was well marked, it was nonetheless fraught with pitfalls. There were numerous trenches that had been cut across the way as a result of runoff water from untold numbers of rainstorms—some of them were certainly deep enough to bust a wheel if not given due consideration. There were additionally rocks and boulders that were not to be taken lightly either.
As the morning wore on, the clouds that shrouded the mountain tops continued to thicken and lower. Finally, they made it all the way to the ground and the travelers found themselves in a cold, wet mist. They continued until they pulled up along the bank of Crooked Creek—it was running high and fast and would therefore be no easy task to cross safely.
“What’dya think, Pa?” Sam asked after reining up next to the wagon. “It looks like we got us some thinking to do.”
“That we do, son...that we do.”
No sooner had Jacob gotten the words out, then the heavens opened and the rain began coming down in buckets.
Seth reined around from where he and Becky had been sitting astride their horses, watching the torrent. He pulled up next to Sam. “Maybe we should head on into those trees over there!” he pointed to a stand of pines that was just off the trail.
“That would be my guess!” Jacob replied above the sounds of the rain and the turbulent creek. With that, he pulled hard on the left handful of reins, and with Sam leading the team, they managed to make the sharp turn that would get the wagon the heck out of what had already turned into a torrential downpour.
There was a small clearing inside the stand of trees that turned out to be big enough to accommodate both wagons. Will pulled his wagon alongside of Jacob’s, while leaving about five feet or so between them.
Emily and Sarah quickly exited the wagons and went about gathering wood from under the nearest of the trees. Becky tied the gelding to the rear of Will’s wagon and quickly joined them. Jacob hastily found the extra canvas he kept in his wagon for just such emergencies, and with the help of Seth and Sam, began tying the corners of it to the two wagons. In this manner they soon had an overhead covering that would serve their purpose just fine. 
As the women began arriving with armloads of sticks and twigs, Will got busy and soon had a good-sized warming fire going under the protection of the shelter.
Although no one was completely protected from the heavy rain and blowing wind, they were all certainly sheltered well enough that the warmth of the fire kept them comfortable, although not entirely dry.
With them now safely out of the weather, the next order of business was to come up with some sort of a plan that would get the wagons across the rushing creek without mishap.
“So, what’dya think, Pa?” Seth asked. “You got any ideas about how we should do this?”
“As a matter of fact, I believe I do. By my way of thinking, I expect the first thing we’ll need to do is find out just how deep that water is.” He indicated the culprit with a pointing finger. “That’s where you come in, Seth. What with you being the best swimmer of the bunch...I’m thinking you can ride your mare down in there and see where it comes up to on her.”
Seth nodded his acceptance. “Sounds good to me,” he offered. “Then what? Riding a horse across that creek is one thing, but getting a couple of wagons over to the other side could prove a problem...no matter how shallow it turns out to be.”
“Thought about that, too,” Jacob informed them. He scooted a bit closer to the warming effects of the fire and glanced around the circle of faces. “Okay...here’s what we’ll do...”
*
With the plan now having been all laid out, there was nothing left for them to do until the rain eased-up to a more manageable level. It took the better part of an hour-and-a-half before they were able to discern any noticeable difference in its intensity. It was barely a couple of minutes after that that it nearly ceased altogether; it was almost as if someone had just plugged the leak, or something.
Jacob looked skyward and slowly nodded his thanks.
Looking out from under the protective canvas, Sarah took in the skies above and commented, “Now that’s what I’d call a real good rain.”
They all agreed with her assessment, but Becky saw fit to take it even a step further. “Down around Laredo, we’d call that one a Texas frog floater.”
That got everyone to not only laughing their agreement, but also counting their blessings that the storm was finally over and done with.
Once the tarp had been folded up and put away, Emily doused the fire while Seth swung up onto the mare and gingerly coaxed her down the steep bank and into the creek. The force of the rushing water wasn’t at all to her liking and she shied while trying her best to turn around. But Seth kept a firm hand and prodded her into continuing into the creek.
The creek was only about forty or fifty feet across, but nonetheless it remained a difficult crossing at best. After a bit of a struggle, with the mare nearly loosing her footing a time or two, they managed the crossing successfully.
After the others had watched the difficulty of the crossing, it was decided that the water was a bit higher than they would have liked. So with that in mind, Jacob, Will, and Sam went to work hitching two of Will’s team in front of Jacob’s team. Once that was done, what was now in effect a six-up, was led to the water’s edge. Will then climbed aboard his sorrel mare and attached a rope to the backend of the wagon on the upriver side, while Seth rode out into the creek far enough to toss his own loop for Jacob to catch onto and attach to the front part of the wagon.
With both ropes now fastened securely to the upriver side of the wagon, Jacob went about encouraging the team into the water. When the wagon finally entered the torrent, the two men on horseback pulled the slack out of their ropes and took a couple of wraps around their saddle horns.
In this fashion the wagon attempted the crossing.
By the time it had reached the center portion of the creek, the force of the rushing water was doing its darndest to tip the whole thing over onto its side. But quick thinking on the part of Will and Seth, as well as added effort on the part of their horses, kept it righted until it finally made its way across and successfully onto the far bank.
The team was then unhooked and the riders worked it back across the creek where it was then hooked up to Will’s wagon. This time Will drove the wagon, with all the women huddled inside, and Seth and Sam again steadying it with their ropes.
With the nerve-racking crossing now safely behind them, they took a few minutes to collect their thoughts while thanking the good Lord for helping out with not only making it happen, but keeping everyone free from harm in the process.
Once everyone was back on an even keel, they reorganized the teams back to their original set-up and headed for Como.
As a result of the storm the air all around was fresh and clean, but the trail was now soft and muddy. They continued on with the terrain now climbing upward slightly, which let them know that they were now on the lower reaches of Red Hill Pass. They remained steadfast in their efforts until the trail steepened enough to cause undue hardships on the teams of horses.
With the animals now beginning to heave with strained gasps as they labored to pull the wagons through the soft muck and fallen tree limbs, Jacob reined up to give them a breather and sat beside Em on the wagon seat as they surveyed the looming hill ahead.
“Looks like it’s about to get even harder,” she commented.
“Yeah...I’d say,” he replied. “I’m wondering if these horses might not be able to make it unless we do a bit of refiguring.”
She smiled. “You have something in mind, do you?”
“That I do, Em. That I do.” Jacob then climbed down and headed for Will’s wagon.
“What’dya think, Jacob?” Will asked.
“What I think is that we need to use all eight of the horses to pull these wagons up this hill one at a time, at least six of them, anyways.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Will said in agreement. He then climbed down as Seth and Becky arrived on the scene.
“We’re going to pull one wagon at a time up to the top of this pass,” Jacob informed them as he absent-mindedly gave Seth’s mare a good rubbing under her jaw.
“Sounds like the way to go,” Seth offered. “Reckon this hill could turn out to be a sight more’n just a hill, especially when you figure in the condition of the ground. Can’t hardly get a riding horse through it, let alone a couple of loaded wagons.” 
Having said that, Seth dismounted and the three of them went about preparing to unhitch Will’s team.
No sooner had they gotten started, when Sam reined up. “What’s up?” he asked.
“We’re gonna use all the horses to pull one wagon at a time up the hill,” Seth informed him.
“Might be a good idea,” Sam agreed. “I just now seen a few riders off in the distance toward Fairplay that are most likely headed this way. It’ll be a while before they get this far, though, so I’ll stay back with the women until you come back here to get the other wagon. In the meantime...I’m thinking that it’s close enough to eating time to get a cook fire going.”
Jacob smiled. “Make sure you have the coffee hot by the time we get back.”
Sam headed off into the woods to collect enough firewood to do justice to coming up with a good cook fire, while Emily, Sarah, and Becky retrieved some food, pots, and utensils from the wagon while the men completed adding Will’s team to Jacob’s.
Once the rearranging of the team was completed, they attached a couple of ropes to the two lead horses, and set out up Red Hill Pass with Seth and Will on a couple of the riding stock leading the team, and Jacob driving the wagon.
The going was now a whole lot easier and they made good time climbing the narrow, steep trail. It took the better part of an hour to make it to the crest, and once there Jacob pulled the wagon off to one side of the trail and the team was disconnected from the wagon. Jacob then climbed aboard one of the lead mares and rode the team back down the hill to fetch the other wagon, with Seth and Will right behind.
Arriving at the bottom, they were distressed to see Sam sprawled on the ground next to what remained of the fire and the wagon ransacked with most of its contents strewn about the area.
Seth was the first to reach his brother. “Sam...Sam...what happened? Where’s Becky an’ Ma, and Sarah? Sam...can you hear me?”
Sam moaned and rolled his head to one side. There was blood matting his hair, a lot of blood. He tried to open his eyes, but must have decided that just laying there moaning was a whole sight easier, and opted for doing just that.
Seth gently shook him by the shoulder, while being mindful to not give him cause to moan anymore than he already was.
Finally, the effort paid off and Sam managed to get his eyes open.
He raised an explorative hand. “Ohh…my head.”
Seth grabbed ahold of the wrist and stopped him before he could do further damage to the head wound.
“Sam...what happened?” Jacob asked as he knelt beside Seth.
Sam inhaled deeply, then let it out. “Ow...that hurts,” he said. “Reckon I must’ve misunderstood when that fella said ‘Shut up!’ and I thought he’d said ‘Stand up!’”
“What fella?” Seth asked.
Will joined them. “Where’s Sarah?” he asked with a look of anxiety clouding his eyes.
Sam looked his way. “Wish I knew,” he said and tried to sit up. Jacob gave him a helping hand and they got it done. “All I know is that those fellas I saw coming up the trail from Fairplay finally rode into camp and one of ’em right off pulled his six-gun. I heard the shot and the next thing I knew, Seth here was shoving me around like a rag doll.” He reached for the wound on the side of his head. He then pulled the hand back and inspected the blood. “Reckon his aim was a mite off.” He wiped his fingers on a pant leg.
Will was agitated. “We need to get after them! We need to get after ’em before it rains again and their signs are washed away!”
“That we do,” Jacob said and rose with the help of a hand pushing against a knee. “You figure you can ride?” he asked, looking down at his son.
“Yeah...I can ride.” He held a hand out to Seth. “Help me up, Seth.”
It was decided to cache the wagon and teams, minus a mare for Jacob to ride. They managed to come up with an area of the forest that was both easily accessible and close by. The wagon that was up there on the crest of Red Hill Pass would just have to fend for itself. They figured that with any luck at all both wagons would still be there once they had taken care of the business at hand. If either of them weren’t...well, at least they were replaceable...the women were not.
Once Jacob’s mare had been saddled and the wagon had been safely hidden away, they grabbed up what food they found that was ready to eat, tied bedrolls on behind their saddles, mounted, and headed out on the trail of the men who had made the mistake of taking their women. They had elected to forego bringing along extra horses. It was felt that that would only slow them down. Besides...the women could ride double with them once they had been recovered.
Chapter 12
Sarah stumbled and fell. She landed on a small rock, causing a sharp pain against her left knee. Emily was there in an instant.
“Are you alright?” she whispered hoarsely.
“Yes...I’m fine,” Sarah answered and pushed her way up. The pain persisted and she closed her eyes. Tears rolled down her cheeks.
Emily embraced her and held her close.
“You will leave her to be alone!” the man who towered above them said with a thick Mexican accent. “She will walk alone!” He pointed to the area a few feet away from Sarah. “You will go that way to not help her!”
Alvarado Garcia slowly pulled his pistola and pointed it at Emily. “You are older than the others and will not be worth much to the Ute. I think I can kill you now and have no more worries.”
Becky quickly placed herself between Emily and the bandit. “You are but a filthy pig!” she shouted at the man on horseback. “She has done nothing but try to help her own daughter!”
Becky was within easy reach of the Mexican and paid for her carelessness with a devastating backhand from him that sent her sprawling.
“You will not speak to Alvarado Garcia in this manner!” he informed her and everyone else around.
Becky glared up at the man with a hatred that left unchecked could only lead to her death. A trickle of blood ran from the corner of her mouth and onto her chin. She continued to glare up at him.
Emily went to her and knelt. She, too, glared up at their captor, then quickly glanced at the other two before returning her attention to the one who had just said his name was Alvarado Garcia. “You have no reason to treat us this way,” she said resolutely. We are not a threat to you and your men.” She again shot a quick glance at the other two who were now grinning at the plight of their captives.
One of them said something and all three of the men laughed.
Becky reacted to their humor the only way she could under the circumstances, she didn’t react at all...leastways not on the outside. But inside, she knew they had to do something to escape before Emily would find herself at their mercy. “Emily...just let it be. It’s not important.”
“But...”
Becky frowned and shook her head almost imperceptibly. “Just let it be,” she said softly, in such a way that let Emily know that the request was not open to discussion.
Emily closed her eyes and heaved a sigh. It was now plain to her what they were up against. As the realization struck her, she was barely able to nod her understanding.
With the captive women now completely under the control of the bandits, the procession moved out in a northerly direction.
*
Because of his game hunting prowess, Seth was considered to be the best tracker. He rode out in front of the others with his attention pretty much glued to the signs in the soft ground. It was easy to see that there were three horses and the women were being made to walk. This realization was accepted with mixed emotions. On the one hand it made things just that much harder on Emily and the girls, while on the other, it served to slow the progress of whoever had taken them.
Although the trail had initially started out in a northerly direction, barely a half mile later it turned more toward the northwest and the range of mountains that loomed high above them.
The men reined up.
“I’m thinking that they can’t be too far ahead of us,” Seth offered. “They didn’t have much of a lead to begin with, and with Ma and the others being made to walk, it shouldn’t be long before we’ll catch up.”
“That would surely suit me,” Jacob said. “I’m not at all partial to leaving our wagons and all that we own out in the open for anyone with a hankering to—”
“Don’t worry, Pa. We’ll cross that bridge if and when we come to it,” Sam assured him.
“I just hope it don’t come down to that,” Jacob countered. “We’ve already been through enough hardships without having to fight for what’s already rightfully ours.”
“Amen to that,” Seth said and headed out the way the tracks led.
They followed the trail for about another ten to fifteen minutes when they came to an area that was less dirt and more rock. This made things a bit more interesting as far as the trail being easy to follow was concerned, but Seth remained vigilant and was able to remain on the trail.
Shortly, they came to an area that opened up into a vast canyon that yawned expansively before them. They pulled up and dismounted. They carefully made their way to the edge of an overlook and scanned the chasm below.
It didn’t take but a few seconds to spot the three horsemen as they made their way down the precipitous rock face. In no time at all, they were also able to make out the figures of the walking women who had been previously hidden behind the shrubbery.
“There they are!” Will said anxiously and pointed.
“Looks like we best be coming up with some kind of plan,” Jacob offered.
“How about something along the lines of us riding right down there and rescuing the women?” Will suggested and started for his mare.
“Whoa, now!” Jacob said and stuck out a restraining arm. “You really think that’ll get the job done? From where I’m sitting, I’d say we’d be food for the buzzards before we made it even halfway down there.”
“What if I just go get me a rifle and shoot one or two of them from right here?” Seth suggested. “In case you boys haven’t realized it, those are the varmints what gunned that fella down in cold blood back there in Garo, and that would mean that they are also the ones who had held Becky captive.”
“If the women weren’t down there, I’d be all for it,” Jacob said. “But do you really want to chance hitting one of them by mistake?”
Seth sighed. “No...I reckon not,” he conceded.
Sam decided to have a say. “I’m thinking that the best way would be to just sit tight until they disappear behind something over there on the other side,” he gestured an all-encompassing wave toward the canyon that stretched below. “Then we’ll make our way down that rock face and find us a way—”
“...to circle around and wait for ’em to show up,” Seth said, finishing the sentence for him.
Sam grinned at his brother. “Yeah...exactly!” he said. “So, what’dya think?”
“I’m thinking that that’s a danged good idea,” Jacob said.
With the plan in mind, they settled in and watched closely as the procession slowly made its way toward the canyon floor.
*
The going was difficult at best and the women stumbled and fell repeatedly as they did their best to painstakingly work their way down the steep rock-strewn trail. But they proved to be up to the task, and after a few skinned elbows and knees, they finally found themselves at a point where the path gradually became less steep as it led them to the valley floor.
It was then that Emily glanced back over her shoulder in an effort to evaluate the difficulty of the steep hillside they had managed to climb down. As she looked skyward, she was surprised and pleased to see movement along the crest. She immediately recognized Jacob’s hat and quickly returned her attention to the valley floor. The smile remained on her face.
She sped up just enough to draw abreast of Sarah. Leaning as close as she dared, she whispered, “The men are up there on the rim behind us.”
Sarah’s immediate reaction was to attempt to turn and see for herself, but Emily was way ahead of her and placed a restraining hand on her arm. “Don’t look!” she instructed in a hoarse whisper. “Just trust that I know what I saw.”
The smile on Emily’s face was infectious and a similar one immediately graced Sarah’s face. “I’ll let Becky know,” Sarah said and picked up speed just a bit. It didn’t take but a few seconds to catch up and she slowed once she drew abreast. “Don’t look now, but ma says she saw the men up there on the rim behind us,” she whispered.
Alvarado Garcia reined his horse around. “Why you are whisper?” he wanted to know. “You will tell me why you are whisper?”
“Because I have to use the facilities, that’s why!” Becky informed him gruffly. “If it’s any of your business.”
“What you are mean? What is facilities?”
Becky chuckled sarcastically. “I have to pee!”
He leered at her. “Go ahead. I will no watch.” Now it was his turn to chuckle. He then told the other two men that she had to relieve herself and that he told her to go ahead and that he had assured her that he wouldn’t watch.
They reined up and turned their horses around to face Becky. “Why is it that you have all the fun?” Jesus Romero asked and joined in the amusement.
“Maybe it is good for everyone to not watch her do this thing,” Juan Espinoza offered. “Or maybe we could watch just a little bit, no?”
Becky was surely right on the verge of not only letting these three filthy pigs in on the fact that she could understand every word they were saying, but just the plain fact that they were indeed filthy pigs was another detail she dearly wanted to reinforce, and in such a way as to let them know that there would be no doubt behind her meaning. But again realizing the advantage she had over the bandits, she managed to bite her tongue and instead looked straight into the eyes of the leader before saying, vehemently, “The only way you’ll watch me will be over my dead body!”
With that, she turned and headed for the rather large collection of brush and bushes that grew nearby. Once safely hidden from prying eyes, she quickly realized that there was an escape route directly ahead of her. She glanced skyward and easily saw a figure looking down at her from the crest of the very same difficult slope they had managed to climb down. She smiled and headed for the cut between two rocks that she hoped would safely take her away from her captors and eventually into Seth’s comforting arms.
*
“Look!” Sam said and pointed toward the canyon floor.
Seth immediately put two and two together and headed for his horse. He quickly pulled the rifle from its scabbard and ran back to the edge of the chasm where Sam had already managed to come up with a suitably forked limb for him to use as a rest for the carbine.
“Seems like she’s of a mind to do something about getting away from them varmints,” Jacob observed as they all watched her disappear between the two boulders. “I’m thinking that she used the excuse of having to relieve herself as a means of making a getaway.”
Seth had already stuck the forked branch into the storm-soaked ground and was well on his way to sighting down the barrel should any of the captors decide to foolishly try to get her to come back.
It didn’t take but about another ten seconds or so for that to prove exactly what them hombres had in mind, and after one of the men had said something to another one, the fella headed for the clump of brush where Becky had gone.
Seth eared back the hammer and waited patiently with the man lined up perfectly in his sights. He carefully rested an index finger against the cold familiarity of the trigger and took up the slack.
Once the fella had reined up behind the cluster of bushes, he hipped around in the saddle and yelled something in Mexican that most likely let it be known that their captive was trying to escape.
He then spurred his horse toward the two large boulders and Seth squeezed off the shot. The hombre toppled from the saddle. The horse continued on into the narrow space between the rocks and in less time that it’d take to tell about it, Becky showed up riding the horse hell-bent-for-leather toward the western end of the canyon.
“I’ll go after Becky!” Sam yelled. “You stay here and take care of them other two if you get the chance!” Sam ran to his horse, grabbed a two-handed purchase on the saddlehorn, and swung up without even bothering to use the stirrup. In about two shakes he was headed out along the canyon rim at a full gallop.
*
Alvarado Garcia was a man that, despite having lived his entire adult life by the law of the gun, normally wasn’t one to get all discombobulated at the sound of a rifle going off nearby. But this was different. He looked toward the ridge, where he figured the shot had to have come from, and was distressed to see a puff of white smoke drift lazily out into the open from behind the unseen area beyond the crest.
“Juan!” he yelled and pointed. “Someone is up there that is shooting! We must quickly hide!”
With the very real problem of getting to safety staking a claim against the front tip edge of their immediate concerns, the duo reined around and spurred their horses. Another shot sounded as they fled into the surrounding protection of the brush and stunted trees, slowing only long enough to change direction whenever the need faced them. They rode for nearly a minute before finally reining to a halt.
Alvarado was as angry as Juan had ever seen him. He dared not say a word as they sat their winded horses.
“This is not a good thing for us!” Alvarado said angrily. “We now do not have any women to trade to the Utes! The old one is of little concern but the two young ones would have brought a very good price! And this is the second time that the yellow-haired one has escaped from us! When I catch her again...she will be very sorry to make Alvarado Garcia look to be like such a fool!”
“What about Jesus?” Juan asked. “Was not the first bullet from the rifle meant for him? Is he now dead?”
*
A split second before the sound of the rifle had reached his ears, Jesus felt the shock of a searing hot pain as it tore into the area of his left hip, just above the belt. The force of the bullet yanked him from the back of his horse and he landed in a sparse bush that until then had been minding its own business as it went about hiding a good-sized boulder from view. He crashed into the hidden boulder with the force of a charging grizzly bear.
He landed on his back. The force of the impact left him gasping for air. He was unable to move, but that didn’t stop him from seeing his horse disappear between two boulders that were big enough to ensure him that he would never see the animal again.
*
Shortly after Becky had made up her mind to try for an escape, the sound of an approaching horse sent a stab of fear into her chest, making it nearly impossible to breathe. She quickly ran between the two boulders that she had decided would give her the best chance of success, while at the same time being certainly glad that she was wearing men’s trousers and therefore not faced with having to lug around a cumbersome dress.
No sooner had she gotten through the space between the boulders, and had decided on the path to take that looked to be the most promising, when the sound of a rifle going off shattered her confidence as the thought of being shot at made her whimper with fear. Although immediately sorry that she had decided on such a foolish undertaking, her confidence was even further shattered when the sound of approaching hoof beats reached her ears.
Her whimpering transformed into genuine tears at the thought of being recaptured by whoever was coming after her. Fear continued to grip her as, in her haste to get away, she stumbled and nearly fell. After managing to maintain her balance, she glanced over her shoulder and was flooded with a completely different emotion as soon as she saw that the pursuing horse was without a rider.
Her elation was short-lived, though, because the wide-eyed animal was headed right for her and she realized the need to do her best to catch it if she could. She immediately shot both arms into the air above her head and began waving frantically.
The horse was taken by surprise and came to a jarring stop with the intent of changing direction.
Becky realized an opening and quickly grabbed ahold of the bridle as she fought to keep the animal from rearing. Her efforts proved fruitful and she quickly went around to the side, aimed a booted toe at the dangling stirrup and after grabbing a handful of saddlehorn, climbed aboard.
*
Emily and Sarah quickly took advantage of the opportunity and began climbing their way back up the precipitous hillside. Jacob saw their intent and yelled down for them to stay right where they were.
What with them having little desire to make the climb, they waved an acknowledgement and returned to the canyon floor where they sought shelter behind a line of bushes that served their purpose just fine.
It didn’t take long for the men to make the descent and a joyful reunion ensued. Jacob embraced his wife as did Will with Sarah. Both women wept at the overwhelming relief that had flooded over them.
“Oh, Will,” Sarah sobbed. “I-I was so scared that I would be killed. I thought I’d never see you again.”
He patted her back tenderly. “There there now. It’s alright. You’re safe now.”
She glanced around. “Where’s Becky? Is she alright? She went off into the brush, and then one of the bandits went after here. There...there was a shot...”
“I shot the Mexican that went after her,” Seth informed her. “We saw Becky ride off on his horse. Last I seen, Sam was hightailing it after her.”
“Speaking of that,” Jacob said. “I think it’d be best if we got out of here before them other two varmints decide to come back.” He glanced around. “C’mon, let’s get up that hill while we still got the chance.”
Chapter 13
Once it had been determined that no one was coming after them, Alvarado and Juan cautiously made their way back to a place that was just short of where the ambush had taken place. Alvarado was still angry that someone would take his captives away from him, but he was not so angry that he was prone to being foolish.
The Mexican banditos remained hidden in a bunch of trees and bushes while they watched the trio of gringo riders descend the last little bit of the hillside where the captives had been set free. Alvarado wanted to ride out into the open and kill all of the gringos. If Jesus were still with them, that might have been exactly what they would have done. But with three gringos with rifles against just the two of them, he decided to wait for a better time.
Even before the Americanos had reached the canyon floor, the women had already appeared from their places of hiding and stood waiting for the men. Alvarado cursed under his breath as he and Juan watched the reunion. Very soon the women were hoisted onto the horses in front of the men and they returned back to the top of the hillside.
After the gringos were gone, the banditos made their way to where they had last seen Jesus disappear into the bushes after the young señorita. No sooner had they entered the clump of brush then it was evident that the first of the rifle shots had indeed been intended for Jesus, as suspected.
Jesus was lying on the ground with a large splotch of blood covering the left side of his shirt and trousers. He wasn’t moving. They dismounted and approached the prone figure.
Alvarado nudged him with a boot. “Jesus...are you dead yet?”
Jesus moaned, which removed some of the doubt, but the looks of him said it probably wouldn’t be much longer before it would be true. He moaned again and opened his eyes against the glaring sun. “I-I am hurt very...very bad from a bullet.” He attempted to touch the spot where he had been shot, but being unable to tolerate the pain the effort caused, he lowered the hand.
“Is alright, mi amigo,” Alvarado assured him. “I can see the pain this bullet had caused for you. We will sit you against a rock for you to be more comfortable.”
Alvarado motioned to Juan with a tilting of his head. “Help me to sit him beside the rock.” He tilted his head toward the nearby rock that he meant.
Juan was feeling a queasiness in the pit of his stomach, but managed to push his own discomfort aside if it would help Jesus to feel more better, he figured.
The two of them took ahold under each of Jesus’ armpits and dragged him to the base of the rock. They propped him up as best they could and stepped back to examine their handiwork. It was indeed readily apparent that Jesus was not long for this world. The pain in his eyes was such that any self-respecting bandito would have closed them for good long ago.
“Do you...do you have some water? I-I am very...I am very thirsty,” Jesus said in what could only be described as a feeble whisper. His head lolled to one side.
Alvarado’s first thought was to not waste the water, but remembered where they were and decided that there were many creeks around where he could find more. With that in mind, he retrieved the canvas bag that was secured to his saddle and returned to where Jesus awaited the much needed liquid. “Here, mi amigo. Here is some aqua for you to have.”
Jesus forced a diminished smile and tried to run his tongue along his lower lip in anticipation. But even that small effort sent another groan to his lips from the hurt area.
Alvarado almost recorked the canvas bag and put it away, but changed his mind because Jesus had been his good friend for a long time now. The truth be known, they had been riding, robbing, and killing together for almost six months, and that had to account for something.
Alvarado placed a hand behind Jesus’ neck and supported the head as best he could while touching the neck of the canvas bag to the lips of his amigo.
Jesus had again allowed his eyes to close, but opened them at the feel of the wet sensation to his mouth. He took about a swallow and a half and groaned. He exhaled heavily and ceased to have a need for anymore water.
Alvarado felt a bit of sadness, but not much. His amigo was now gone, but he would find another who could take orders as well as Jesus had. Looking down at the blood-soaked wound, he saw that the flies were already taking over in earnest. He corked the bag and rose. With the sounds of Juan puking in the background, he again looked down at the happiness Jesus had given to the flies.
*
Sam kept to the ridge where he was able to keep Becky in sight all the time she’d been making good her escape. Finally, she reined up and twisted around to take a reassuring gander at her backtrail.
“Becky!” he hollered from above her.
She easily heard his call, looked up, and waved her relief with a huge smile of relief spread across her face.
He sat patiently while she located a game trail and worked her way up to the canyon rim.
She was all smiles as she approached. “Boy am I glad to see you. Are the others with you? Is Seth here?” She looked around, hoping to see him.
“They’re all back there where you first made good your escape,” he assured her. “Seth took out the fella who went after you and the other two rode away. I reckon by now Ma and Sarah are safe, as well.”
She reined to a halt right alongside him, and leaning over, gave him a grateful kiss on the cheek.
He turned a shade of pink and averted his eyes. That was the first time in his entire young life that a girl had kissed him.
“Don’t you tell Seth that I did that,” she instructed.
“Don’t worry,” he replied. “I’m sure he already knows.” That said, he reined around and nudged his mare back the way he had come.
She remained there for a bit, astride the Mexican banditos newly-acquired horse, with a confused look wrinkling her brow. “What’dya mean...he already knows?” she called after him and nudged the animal with her heels.
*
They arrived back at the spot that overlooked where Becky had made good her escape, but no one was around. They could easily see the body lying in the clearing down there by the two big boulders where she had managed to grab the horse’s bridle. She wasn’t normally a religious person...leastways she never thought of herself in that way, but she closed her eyes anyway and gave a heartfelt thank you, just the same. After all...someone must have been looking out for her during all this.
He was watching her closely. “Thought you weren’t of the Bible-thumpin’ crowd,” he teased.
“Normally I’m not, but by my way of thinking this is different.”
“No it’s not,” he assured her, as a gentle smile graced his handsome face.
“Well sure it is,” she insisted.
“Not when you believe that the Lord God or one of His angels is with us every second of the day...and night.”
She quickly glanced around, but didn’t see anyone else with them. “You really believe that, don’t you?”
“With all my heart and soul.” He pulled his mare’s head around and set out toward the base of Red Hill Pass where they had left the first of the wagons.
*
The mood was one of frivolity and thankfulness that Emily and Sarah had been rescued and were now safe and sound from their ordeal. There was no doubt that Sam would find Becky and meet up with them back at the foot of Red Hill Pass.
Not wanting to leave their property unattended for any longer than was absolutely necessary, they cut short their hugging and kissing and just generally thanking the Lord for showing up to give them a hand. They then headed out with Emily riding in front of Jacob and Sarah sharing the sorrel mare in front of her husband.
Not wanting to tire the animals unduly, they made the ride in a slow and easy fashion until they arrived back at the spot where Will’s wagon and the combined team had been left.
To their chagrin, the wagon was no where to be seen and neither were the horses, but the tracks showed that the wagon had been taken up the hill toward the top of the pass. This eased their consternation and they set out after it.
The climb was a mite hard on the horses that were carrying double, but the animals were of a strong breed and they approached the crest in due time. As the group of settlers neared the top they could readily see the wagon sitting right there in the middle of the trail.
Not knowing exactly what to expect, Emily and Sarah got down and hid behind the trunks of a couple of trees while the men drew their guns and cautiously moved forward. Jacob then reined up and turned in the saddle. “You two hang back until I see what this is all about. There’s no use in all three of us riding into something that could prove to be a problem.”
Seth returned his pistol to its holster, and leaning forward, pulled the rifle from the scabbard. “I’ll keep things covered...just in case,” he offered.
“Sounds good to me,” Jacob replied and urged the mare forward.
He held his pistol at the ready while he carefully resumed his approach. He was a bit startled when a woman suddenly appeared from behind the wagon, then another, younger one. The two women stopped what they were doing and turned to face the approaching rider. Jacob reined to a stop.
“Is this your wagon?” The older of the two women asked.
Jacob could see right off that the two resembled one another. Most likely mother and daughter, he reasoned. “Yeah...as a matter of fact, it is. Plus the other one that’s in the trees over there.” He pointed.
Even though he was still about thirty yards or so away from the woman, he could easily see the wide smile she showed. “Come on in,” she invited. “We won’t hurt you.”
Now it was Jacob’s turn to smile. He then hipped around and motioned for the others. “C’mon up here everyone! I don’t think we’re in any danger!” He turned back around and rode the rest of the way to the crest of the pass. He reined up and removed his hat. “Name’s Jacob Clarkson, ma’am,” he offered by way of introduction. He then waved the hat back down the hillside. “Those folks are members of my family.”
The woman placed an arm around the girl’s waist and coaxed her forward a step. “This here is my daughter, Mary Elizabeth...we call her Liz.” The mother then extended a hand and stepped forward. “My name’s Elizabeth, as well. But of course we don’t call me Liz...that would be entirely too confusing.”
Jacob leaned down and accepted the hand. “Pleased to make your acquaintance, ma’am.”
“Elizabeth will do just fine, Mister Clarkson.”
“Jacob...please.”
“Okay, then...Jacob it is.” The smile reappeared.
“Why’d you leave your wagons up here for the taking?” Liz asked.
She appeared to be about Seth and Sam’s age, and as cute as a litter of four-week-old Calico kittens. Her hair was a light brown, as was her mother’s. She showed a shade to her eyes that, despite their pleasing appearance, he was unable to put a definite color to in this light, but he would guess them to be gray or maybe even hazel. She was of a slender figure, about five-foot-four or five, and seemed to have a disarming way about her that would please any fella with any sense about him.
“Reckon that’s a fair question,” he responded. “The answer is one that—”
Emily had moved forward to be next to her husband. “The answer is one that’ll take a good bit of explaining,” she said as she interrupted the conversation. “But the real question here is...why did you folks see fit to do the taking?”
Elizabeth stepped forward and extended her hand. “You must be Mrs. Clarkson?”
Emily accepted the offering. “Yes...yes I am,” she countered.
Elizabeth continued, “My husband, Wally, is over there.” She tilted her head in the direction where the other wagon had been cached in the trees. “When we came across this wagon sitting unattended down there at the base of this hill,” she motioned with a wave in the general direction where the wagon had been found, “we just naturally reasoned that either its owners had met with an untoward end or there was some other real good reason for them having left it behind. In either case, it just made good sense to take it on into the next town with us and leave it there for the rightful owners to hopefully show up to claim it. But while we were passing by right here with the first one, we noticed yet another wagon off thataway in the trees.” She indicated the location of the other one with a wave. She looked straight at Jacob. “You say that one is yours, as well?”
“It is,” Jacob said and looked at Emily. “Why don’t you fill these folks in on the reasons behind the wagons being where they were and I’ll go see about meeting this Wally fella?”
Just then the sounds of approaching horses coming up the trail reached their ears. “Sam and Becky are here,” Seth announced even before they had appeared around the last bend in the trail.
Liz’s forehead wrinkled as she narrowed her eyes. “How does he know who’s coming up the trail” I don’t see anyone yet.”
Jacob chuckled. “Don’t ask. It’s a long story.”
In no time at all, Becky, followed closely by Sam, did indeed ride into view. When they had reined up and dismounted, Seth was already waiting anxiously for his Becky.
“Oh, Seth...I’m so glad to see you!” she exclaimed gleefully. “Those were the same three men that had captured me before!”
They embraced, and as soon as they shared a kiss that was a whole sight more than just your average-everyday glad-to-see-you-again variety of greeting, it was easy for all to see that they had become more than just casual friends. He then held her out to arms length.
“Yeah...we kinda figured that,” he told her.
“I am so happy to be back with you, safe and sound.”
“That makes two of us.”
“They shared another kiss before parting.”
“Well now...looks to me like you two are a sight more than just neighborly friends. Am I right?” Jacob observed. “How long has this been going on?”
Seth grinned at his pa. “None of your business would be about the best way for me to answer that,” he offered good-naturedly.
“If you weren’t so blind...” Emily said, after latching onto his arm and snuggling in close to him. “you’d know that it’s been going on for more than a week now.”
Jacob looked at his son from behind a quizzical expression. “That true?”
“You must have forgotten what it was like to be young, Pa. Why do you think we’ve been doing all this outriding together? There’s a whole lot more to talk about when you’re alone with a pretty gal then what it’d take to get these wagons safely through the woods.” The grin reappeared.
“Well...don’t that just beat all? Just when a gent thinks he’s got his young’uns all figured out, they’re apt to come up with something that puts a whole different slant to that gent’s way of thinking.” Jacob then focused his attention on Becky’s smiling face. “You sure about what you’re getting yourself into?” he asked her. “Cuz if you’re not...there’s still time to back out.”
She looked up into Seth’s eyes with a sense of admiration showing through that’d put a sow grizzly to shame even if it was the very first time she ever laid eyes on her brand spanking new pair of twin cubs.
“Thanks for the opportunity, Mister Clarkson, but I’ve never been so sure of anything in my whole entire life.”
Sam was surely happy for his brother, but despite all the goings-on, he couldn’t seem to keep his eyes off that Liz gal for very long. There was just something about her that drew his attention. He decided that the first real chance he got he’d have to have himself a neighborly talk with her.
Jacob removed his hat and ran a palm over his sweat-dampened brown hair. He replaced the hat and glanced around. “Well now...since we now have Seth’s future all mapped out for him, I believe I’ll go see about getting that other wagon out here on the trail. Sam...you fetch a team and bring ’em into where we left that wagon.”
“Yes, sir,” he responded.
“Can I help?” Liz asked, to Sam’s delight.
“Well...eh...sure, I reckon,” he managed to say despite the commotion that had suddenly started up in the pit of his stomach. “Suit yourself.”
Chapter 14
With Will’s help, the sorting through the horses didn’t take all that long and once Sam had them harnessed together the way Will wanted them, Sam and Liz set out toward the wagon with one of them on each side of the two lead mares and a good hold on the harnesses.
The walk into the woods where the wagon had been cached wasn’t far at all, yet, for some reason Sam figured that it seemed to take an eternity for them to get there. Although he truly wanted to speak to Liz, the words remained on the inside while he occupied himself by tending the team and hoping she wouldn’t ask him why it was that his heart was beating loud enough to put a thundering herd of stampeding buffalo to shame. When she didn’t, he reasoned that either she was too much of a lady, or it was just his imagination and in actuality he was the only one who could hear it.
“What’s that?” she suddenly asked and stopped dead in her tracks, which pulled the team to a halt also.
Well...so much for her being a lady, he reasoned, and figured he would play dumb. “What’s what?”
“That screeching sound. What is it? It sounds like some kind of a bird, or something.”
It was only then that Sam could hear it, as well. “That’d be an eagle,” he informed her. “From what I’ve heard, there’s plenty of ’em around these parts.”
“Oh, what a thrill it would be to see one someday,” she said after clasping her hands together in front of her chin.
“I’ve seen one,” Sam boasted.
“You haven’t?”
“Yep...sure have. Seen one just the other day while I was out looking for a good route for the wagons.” He looked into her beautiful hazel eyes. “Honest.”
“I can only hope that someday I’ll see one as well.”
“If you live anywhere around here...I can almost guarantee that you’ll see way more than your fair share as time goes by. With that in mind, I’m guessing that you must be new to these parts.”
She smiled in a way that got his stomach to doing flip flops. “Actually, we’re in the process of doing just that...moving here, I mean. We just the other day filed on a homestead. That’s where we’re headed right now.”
Now it was Sam’s turn to smile. “So are we...moving here, I mean. Everyone in our entire family filed on his or her own piece of land. We’re moving here from out on the Kansas plains. We raise cattle,” he offered with a measure of pride showing through.
“We came from Iowa. My father seems to think there’s gold laying all around here just for the taking. Sounds like a fool notion to me...and my mother, as well, if the truth be known.”
“Why so? Heck...it could happen to anyone. All it’d take is a good bit of luck and just the exact right piece of land.”
They had reached the small clearing where the wagon sat and Sam and Liz stopped short.
Once it was plain to see that their fathers were getting along like a couple of peas in the same pod, they returned to their gold-discovering conversation.
“I got my own stretch of land,” Sam informed her. “Maybe someday I’ll get lucky and dig a great big nugget out of the ground. Wouldn’t that be something?”
“It surely would. Where is your land? Where are you and your family figuring on settling? Ours is just a bit south of a little town called Como,” she informed him.
A surprised expression lit up his face. “So’s ours! Heck...we might even turn out to be neighbors! Now, that would really be something! C’mon...let’s go find out if we’re going to be neighbors or not,” he added eagerly.
 “Well then...let’s get this team hitched up and get on with it,” she replied.
Her sudden interest took him by surprise, but it was a revelation that he felt partial to. He hid his grin as they went about backing the team into the exact right positioning for connecting the tongue to the doubletree. Once the task had been completed, they headed for the conversation their fathers were engaged in.
“So you say you folks filed on your homestead just the other day?” Jacob was asking, as Sam and Liz drew close enough to hear.
“That’s what I said. Fact is...we got us three-quarters of a section, what with Elizabeth filing on one herself and Liz here,” he extended an upturned palm out to his approaching daughter, “being sixteen and old enough for filing as well.”
“Where are you located?” Jacob wanted to know.
“Ain’t real for sure. All we know is that the parcels are somewhere off to the south of a little town called Como. It ain’t very far from here. That land agent back there in Fairplay said there was a lake down there and that the land borders it on one side.”
Jacob nodded thoughtfully. “Reckon it must’ve been you folks what got the quarter section that my boy Seth had filed on earlier.”
“What’dya mean?” Wally’s eyebrows narrowed. It was obvious to anyone with any sense about him that he had suddenly gotten defensive and was primed to defend what was lawfully and rightfully his. “Are you saying we took land that was belonging to someone else?”
*
Wally was short for Walter. Walter Carnes, to be exact. He was a crotchety sort of fella with a no-nonsense way about him. If he had a couple of great big teeth at the front of his mouth, he’d be able to spend the next few days gnawing on Aspens and building a beaver dam the likes of which hadn’t been seen around South Park probably since way back when old Hector was still a pup.
*
“You might wanna simmer down, Wally. I’m of a mind that because the transaction wasn’t entered into that great big book down there in Fairplay, that the piece was fair game for anyone with a notion. No...it’s yours alright. Fact is...Seth filed on another stretch that’s just a mite south of that first one.”
Wally stopped clenching and unclenching his fists. “There ain’t no hard feelings then?” he asked as he eyed Jacob closely for any signs that might prove to be to the contrary.
Jacob grinned and stuck out his hand. “No...no hard feelings,” he assured his new neighbor.
“Does that mean we’re going to be neighbors?” Liz asked and glanced up at Sam’s profile.
“Reckon so, darlin’,” Wally assured her. “Reckon so.”
“Good,” she responded while nodding thoughtfully. “So...what say we get a move on then and go see what the good Lord steered us out here for.” She looked straight into her pa’s eyes. “Other than your fool notion about finding gold...that is.”
Sam grabbed a hold of the right-side lead mare’s bridle and guided the team out of the tight confines while Jacob sat atop the seat and drove the wagon. Once the rig was free of the inherent hazards, Sam released the mare and he and Liz, along with her pa, made the walk back to the main trail.
Once the wagon was back on the road, they formed up with Wally’s wagon in the lead, followed by Will, and finally, Jacob. The wives rode with their husbands, while the brothers were fortunate enough to find themselves riding alongside a couple of the prettiest gals they had ever hoped to meet. In this manner the procession crested Red Hill Pass and headed down the other side toward Trout Creek and eventually, Como.
The east side of the pass wasn’t all that steep, but the ground was wet from the recent storm and that alone made the descent a bit more hazardous than it needed to be. But under the expert hands of the men driving the wagons, they made it safely and pulled up just after midday along the banks of what was undoubtedly Trout Creek. They all got down and stood together in a group while they observed the problems facing them.
“Reckon sometimes these mountain streams can get thataway,” Wally observed.
“Maybe there’s a better place to make the crossing?” Will commented hopefully.
“That ain’t likely,” Jacob offered. “I’m thinking that if there was an easier spot...that’s where the road would be. No...this is what we’ll have to deal with, alright.” He sighed and laid out a discouraged hand toward the raging, misnamed creek.
“I’m afraid you’re probably right, Jacob,” Wally said resignedly. “If this is a creek around these parts, I surely don’t want  to see any rivers.”
It was true. The water was running high and fast. Fast to the point where there was no way any sane person would dare attempt a crossing under the present circumstances.
“Reckon the best we can do,” Seth offered, “would be to make camp right here on this side and hope it settles down enough so we can get the wagons across in a day or two.”
“In the meantime,” Sam joined in, “me and Seth will—”
“Swim our horses across and make the ride into town,” Seth said, finishing the thought for him.
“You boys think you can make it?” Jacob asked.
“Yep!” they said in unison.
“I’ll go with you,” Becky said.
“So will I,” Liz offered.
“You’ll do nothing of the sort!” Elizabeth admonished.
“And neither will you, young lady,” Emily told Becky. “You may not be my blood, but you’ll surely do like I say.”
Becky looked down at the toes of her boots. “Yes, ma’am,” she said softly, ending the conversation.
“Como should be but a short ride from here,” Jacob offered. “When you get there—”
“Yeah, we know, Pa” Seth interrupted. “We’ll ask around and find out how long this is apt to last.” He gestured to the swirling torrent.
With that all settled, the next order of business was to somehow get their guns across to the other side without them getting wet in the process. It was also suggested that because of the nip that was in the air, they would need to have a dry change of clothes waiting for them once they had made it across. This was looking to be a tall order and they went about putting their heads together to come up with a way.
It didn’t take long for Will to figure it out and come up with the needed plan. He had noticed a large overhanging tree that extended out over the creek to about halfway to the other side. “I know how we can do it,” he offered.
They all looked his way.
He pointed. “See that tree up there? We can tie whatever we need to keep dry, into a bundle, toss a rope around it, and I’ll climb the tree and swing it across to the other side on the end of the rope.”
It was surely an answer that was so simple that everyone else wondered why they hadn’t thought of it.
“Good thinking, Will,” Jacob said and gave him an appreciative pat or two on the back. “Reckon that’ll do the trick.”
While the women went about gathering firewood and laying out a camp that might prove necessary for a couple of days, the men gathered together the rifles and gunbelts and tied them to the end of a rope that was long enough to suit the purpose. Will then shinnied his way up the overhanging tree, with the knotted end of the rope tucked securely under his belt. The climb proved to be difficult, but he was a real good tree climber and eventually made it to the exact right spot where he figured he needed to be.
“Okay, you two!” he hollered down to them. “Anytime you’re ready would suit me just fine!”
The women ceased their work and went to the edge of the creek to watch. Sam and Seth wished one another good luck, took a couple of admiring glances at Becky and Liz, and mounted. They didn’t hesitate as they plunged the horses into the swirling torrent, and to everyone’s chagrin, were immediately pulled away downstream.
Emily’s hand went to her mouth as the concern she felt for her sons grabbed ahold of her and wouldn’t let go.
Jacob placed a comforting arm around her waist and pulled her against him.
It was immediately apparent to the boys that the current would be too much for the mares if they remained in the saddles. Without a word being spoken between them, they slid off the horse’s backs and allowed themselves to be towed across the expanse while at the same time being swept downstream.
The crossing was slow at best, but they were confident that progress was indeed being made and remained steadfast in the efforts until finally the mares were able to gain their footing and make it up the opposite bank.
Cold and wet from head to toe, the brothers grinned at one another as they realized their success. They held securely onto the reins as they made their way up the slippery bank behind the mares.
“Tha-that was f-fun!” Sam said around chattering teeth. “You wa-wanna do it again?”
Seth grinned. “Not ri-right now,” he replied. “But, yeah...I shur-surely do.”
They enjoyed a good laugh together and mounted up.
The return trip back upriver wasn’t all that far, and they arrived in a timely manner amongst a smattering of applause. Emily was wiping away her tears.
“Piece a cake!” Sam offered as he saw the outright admiration that was in Liz’s eyes. At least he surely hoped that’s what it was.
They dismounted and looked up into the tree where Will was looking mighty restful with his butt planted on a good-sized limb and his back braced against another one that seemed made for just such an occasion.
“You of a mind to swing them guns and things on over here or are you content to just sit up there like some wise ol’ owl and just let the entire world pass you by?” Seth asked.
Will continued to look down but didn’t respond.
Finally, Sam took up the cause. “Well...what’ll it be?”
The wise old owl part of Will kicked in and he said, “Just hold your horses...I’m mulling it over.” It didn’t take long for him to come to a decision. He looked down at a grinning Jacob. “Jacob...you want to hoist them guns up off the ground and I’ll take up the slack?”
Jacob did just that and carried the load to the water’s edge.
Once Will was feeling pretty secure up there on his perch, he gave the rope a couple of winds around his gloved hands and let Jacob know to give the bundle a good toss into the air. The whole thing worked right down to a gnat’s eyebrow and Will began swinging the guns back and forth over the water. Once he had it going good enough, he hollered, “Okay, Sam...Seth! The next time it comes your way, I’m gonna let go of it!”
The boys were ready and caught the guns with ease as Will was right on the money with the delivery. They quickly unfastened the rope and let go of it for the return trip. They went about putting the rifles in the scabbards and hooking their gunbelts around the saddlehorns. In no time at all, the bundle of dry clothes had been tied on and sent across the creek in much the same manner as the guns had.
The brothers then mounted and waved their good-byes. Amidst a chorus of well wishes, they urged the mares forward in search of a more suitable place to change into the dry clothes. They found what they were looking for shortly after disappearing around the first turn in the trail.
Once the change had been made, they draped the wet duds over some handy limbs, climbed astride the mares, and headed for Como.
Chapter 15
The town turned out to be situated in a grassy basin with Little Baldy towering above it just off to the north. Riding slowly along the length of the rutted street, it was easy to see that the main source of income for the inhabitants was digging in the coal mines. It seemed as if everyone was wearing one of those turtle-shell-looking hats with a candle situated in a little cubbyhole atop the front of it. Their clothes, and what little bit of skin there was visible, was as black as black could be. It was obvious that most everyone was on their way home after having just completed a hard day’s work underground somewhere. Sam and Seth were both glad that they’d had the good sense to have avoided becoming a coalminer.
They reined up in front of a little hole-in-the-wall mercantile and got down. They tied the mares to the hitchrail and climbed the four steps to the elevated wooden sidewalk. They paused to look both ways along the walkway and decided that maybe the gent who was approaching could help them out.
“Howdy, Mister,” Seth said and tipped his hat when the blackened coalminer had reached them.
The man grunted and kept right on walking.
“Not very neighborly,” Seth said to Sam.
“That would be my way of looking at it,” Sam replied. “Here comes another...let me try.” When the coalminer was barely three steps away, Sam stepped into his intended path and held out a halting palm. “Hold up, Mister!” he ordered.
The man tried to push right on past, but Sam would have none of that and hooked the man’s arm with a restraining hand. The gent was forced to stop and turned to face this insolent youngster. He showed a glare in his eyes that said he had better things to tend to.
“You havin’ a problem, boy?” the man asked and jerked his arm away from Sam’s grasp.
“I asked you real nice, Mister,” Sam countered. “You don’t have any call to be getting uppity with me. All I’m wanting from you is a bit of information.”
The whites of the gent’s eyes shown brightly against the contrasting intense blackness of his coal dust-covered face. Sam likened them to the lights at the far end of a couple of train tunnels, but managed to keep the thought to himself.
“What kind of information?”
Now this is more like it, Sam reasoned and grinned his superiority to Seth. He then returned his attention back to the twin tunnels. “My family’s wagons are stuck a few miles west of here on the other side of a high-running Trout Creek. We’re needing information about the tendencies of that creek...is it apt to stay high for a spell, or will it become passable anytime soon? Things like that.”
The miner looked from Sam to Seth, then back to Sam. “Look, boys...I’m a Godforsaken coalminer. I don’t know nothing about nothing except how to coax coal out of a hole in the ground. If you’re needed to know anything about that, then I reckon I’d be your man, but you ain’t askin’ about that. No...you’re wantin’ to know about the tendencies of water, which by the way, I’m dearly in need of splashing around in so’s I can scrape off a layer or two of this coal dust. So...with that in mind, I’m suggesting that you sashay right on into this general store right here,” he waved toward the door they were standing right in front of, “and get your needed information from most likely one of only two men in town who would know the rightful answers to your concerns. There’s a fella in there named Antonio somethingorother what came all the way over here from Italy and had a hand in founding this place. So...with that in mind, I’ll bid you boys good day and go see about getting that dunkin’ I’m sorely in need of.” Without another word, the miner pushed his way around Sam and went on his way without looking back.
“A bit of a colorful character, isn’t he?” Seth asked as he stood rubbing the back of his neck while they watched the fella depart.
“Yeah...black would be my guess,” Sam countered.
“All except for them train tunnel eyes of his,” Seth said informatively.
They looked at one another, grinned, and headed for the door to the general store.
Once inside, they could see that this was a place that catered to the needs of the miners; there seemed to be miners’ tools and essentials stacked just about everywhere a fella cared to look. The fella who was undoubtedly in charge of running the store was busy at the counter tallying up the amount that was owed by the only customer in the place, so the boys moseyed around a bit while they gandered at the offerings. Way toward the back was a portion of the store that was dedicated to a more well rounded fella’s needs. There were some clothes and even a few shelves of everyday necessities...like food and such...but all in all, this was a miner’s store alright.
The fella in charge had finally finished with his customer and let it be known by saying, “You come to my store. I am very happy for you to come to my store.”
The words were said with a heavy accent, the likes of which neither of the brothers had ever heard before. They right off figured that it was no doubt from that Italy place the miner had talked of...wherever that was.
They approached the counter and the fella from Italy stuck out his hand.
“My name is Antonio Tachelini di Carciato. I am come from Italia.”
The boys looked at one another.
Sam accepted the offering and they shook briefly. “My name’s Sam Clarkson and this here’s my brother, Seth. We hail from the eastern parts of the Kansas Territory.”
“You two are looking to be the same person,” Antonio said after making the comparison from one face to the other.
“Yeah,” Seth offered and shook the man’s hand as well. “Been that way for a spell now.”
“You have come to my store to buy something?” Antonio asked hopefully.
“Eh...no,” Sam replied. “We aren’t miners. We came in here to get some information. A fella outside said you’d be the most likely person to ask whenever a fella needed some answers about the ways of this part of the country.”
Antonio smiled. “That is very true. Me and my good friend, Francesco, were the first peoples to come to this place. We find the coal and make other peoples to come here and dig it from the ground. It is very hard to breathe in the ground, so we now have stores for to sell to the miners what they need. This way we make money and this way they make money. Pretty smart, huh?”
Sam chuckled. “Yeah...now that you mention it...it is.”
Changing the subject, Antonio assumed a more serious expression before asking, “What is this information you need to hear from me?”
Sam answered, “Our family is moving here to your town and our wagons are stranded on the other side of Trout Creek, just west of here. That water’s mighty high and running with a vengeance.” Sam then looked at Seth.
Seth took up the cause, “We need to know when that water will most likely die down a mite so’s we can wade them wagons across the creek. The way the water is now, it could be a coon’s age before we can get here.”
Antonio was scratching his head and had been for a while now. “I am not so sure what you have said to me, but I think you are worried about the big water in the creek. Is that right?”
“Well...yeah. That’s what I just said,” Seth countered.
“The water comes from the snow on the tops of the mountains and will be coming for a long time. Maybe, if you are tired of waiting for the water to stop coming, it would be better to not wait so long and use the bridge.”
“What bridge?” the brothers asked in unison.
“The one that is across the water, my friend.”
“Where is it?” they asked, again in unison.
“I will show you.” With that, Antonio retrieved a scrap of paper from the top shelf under the counter and pulled the pencil stub from behind his right ear. He then began drawing a map.
Once the drawing and explaining was done, the brothers thanked Antonio and headed for the door with a completely different purpose in mind. No sooner had they reached the doorway, then they heard Antonio ask, “How long is a coon’s age?”
Sam paused with his hand on the doorknob, turned, and answered, “About as long as it takes for one fella to draw another fella a map would be my guess.”
*
The boys followed the map judiciously and easily found the cutoff from the road that had brought them to Como. Antonio had explained that the road the wagons were on was an old one and that they had somehow managed to miss the new one where the bridge had been built to help folks make it across the run-off swollen creek.
They followed the indicated route and eventually came to the bridge that was located not too far upriver from where the map showed the wagons most likely were. They made the crossing and continued to follow the new road until they came to where it joined up with the old one. They sat their horses and wondered why it was that they had missed seeing the cutoff before. Although neither roadway was all that used looking, they certainly should have seen it instead of riding right on past like they had. But, figuring that that was now all water under the bridge...so to speak, they headed up the old road and were soon approaching not only the wagons, but also what smelled to them could turn out to be some mighty fine tasting vittles cooking over the fire.
Of course everyone was surprised to see them approaching from the exact opposite direction that they should have been coming from. After they had dismounted and secured the mares to the backs of the wagons, they approached the gathering.
Sam was surely enjoying seeing the smile on Liz’s face and squatted on his haunches right next to her. Seth did the same over by Becky.
“You boys are looking all high and dry,” Jacob observed, with a skeptical look in his eye. “And how did you manage to circle around and come at us from a different direction...and about as dry as a sun-bleached buffalo skull, to boot?”
The brothers looked at one another and chuckled before saying in unison, “We opted for using the bridge. What’s to eat?”
*
Once the meal was finished, the camp was packed up and Jacob rearranged the sequence of the wagons, putting his and Emily’s wagon in the front, followed by Will and Sarah, and lastly, Wally and Elizabeth. He then assigned Sam and Liz as outriders at the front of the procession and Seth and Becky bringing up the rear behind the Carnes’ outfit. Once everything was set, they turned the wagons around and followed along behind Sam and Liz as they led the way back to the new road cutoff that had previously been missed.
It didn’t take but a few minutes to right the wrong and they soon found themselves approaching the bridge. First glance gave Jacob the feeling that even though the contraption appeared to be as safe as the day was long, he nonetheless instructed Will and Wally that they weren’t apt to take any chances and would make the crossing one at a time.
Once the wagons were all safely across, the group of homesteaders continued on their way and barely a half hour later found themselves rolling down the last remaining slope and into the modest little existence that was Como.
The brothers had told the others that the town was centered around digging for coal and because of that they expected a bustling community. But that wasn’t at all the case as the trio of wagons rolled along the narrow, rutted street; there were very few folks out and about.
Of course the settlers were concerned with replenishing their supplies, but that could become a priority of sorts later. The first order of business was to find the land office, check in with the local agent, and hopefully get some no-nonsense directions as to exactly where it was that they could start calling home.
They passed by the same mercantile where Sam and Seth had previously stopped. Antonio stepped out onto the porch and waved a welcome as they rolled by. The boys returned the gesture, as did the others. Next came the telegraph office, then a barbershop. Directly across the street from the barbershop was a general merchandise store, as well as a clothing shop with a couple of gaily-patterned dresses on display in a rather prominent window to the left side of the doorway. After that, there were a couple of nondescript small buildings and eventually the land office, which was easy to spot because of the no nonsense sign that hung from a couple of short lengths of chain attached to front edge of the porch that jutted out over the wooden boardwalk...
- LAND OFFICE -
To their delight, one thing that seemed to be missing, though, was a saloon of any sort. Of course they weren’t about to believe that that could even be a remote possibility in a mining town that was probably mostly full of men. But the fact remained, at least from their present perspective, there wasn’t a single dancehall or saloon for as far as the eye could see.
Down at the very end of the street, on the north side, was a collection of corrals. That would be where the blacksmith shop and livery stable would be, they reasoned.
The new arrivals pulled the wagons to a stop in front of the land office, and after securing the reins around their respective brake handles, the occupants climbed down while the riders who were on horseback tied up to the pair of hitchrails that had been provided. The building seemed to be a mite on the smallish side, so Jacob, Will, and Wally entered while the others remained outside and took in the picturesque scenery that was all around then. But certainly the most prominent and breathtaking was along the north side where Little Baldy Mountain stood guard over the town.
The interior was indeed as small as advertised, but was certainly big enough to conduct their business in. The bespectacled gent behind the counter fit the expected image of a land agent and Jacob approached with outstretched hand.
“Howdy, Mister. My name’s Jacob Clarkson.”
The man accepted the offered hand and smiled pleasantly. “Pleased to make your acquaintance,” he replied. “I’m Henry Carter. I’m the land agent around these parts.”
“So I’ve heard from the agent down in Fairplay.”
Henry smiled crookedly. “That no-account heathen is my brother. We don’t have much in common...other than having the same set of parents, enjoy the same type of work, and have a driving desire to see folks settle this part of the country. But other’n that, I’d say we’re about as different as night is from day. So, what can I do for you boys?”
“Glad you should ask,” Wally offered and pulled his family’s filing papers from the shirt pocket that lay hidden under his vest.
Henry accepted the document while Jacob and Will dug theirs out. Once the agent had them all; Jacob had included Emily’s, Sam’s , and Seth’s while Will produced Sarah’s right along with his own, he scanned them with a practiced eye. Once he was satisfied, he pulled out the expected ledger book and began flipping the oversized pages. Finally landing on the one he was looking for, he laid the book out flat on the counter and stabbed it with a well-aimed finger. “Reckon you folks is all right there together along the creek.” He removed the spectacles and leaned over for a closer look. “In fact...one of you has a piece that straddles the creek itself.”
“That would be my son, Seth,” Jacob informed him, remembering what Henry’s brother had said when he had issued the replacement homestead to Seth.
“And just what creek would that be?” Will asked, saying what they had all been wondering.
“Why...Tarryall Creek, of course,” Henry informed them. “Oh, yeah...I forgot. You folks are new to the area. So, why’d you pick them particular pieces of land? The only thing around this part of the country, that’s worth the sweat off a fella’s brow, is coal...and lots of it.”
Jacob chuckled. “That may be true enough...especially if you don’t count all that God-given grass out there that’s just waiting for a herd of beef to start munching on.”
“Cattle, huh?” Henry then grew thoughtful while using a thumb and index finger with which to stroke his chin. “Now, why didn’t I think of that?” He then glanced from one face to another to another. “So, all three of you gents are fixing to set up a cattle ranching empire right here in Como, huh?”
“Not hardly,” Wally informed him and chuckled. “There’s no way I’ll be babysitting a bunch of smelly, fly-infested critters that don’t even have sense enough to come in out of the rain when it’s smacking ’em right dead in the eye. No, sir. I’ll be making my fortune the way God intended. I’ll be pulling gold nuggets out of that creek about as fast as He can make them.”
Henry slowly shook his head. “Well...all I can say is...good luck with that. You aren’t the first one to come into this town with similar notions. To date, there hasn’t been a one of ’em still here. I’m here to tell you that there isn’t a single one of ’em left here with anymore than two dimes in their pocket that they can rub together. But then again...you never know; stranger things have happened.”
“So, where are these homesteads located and what’s the best way to get there?” Jacob asked.
“Glad you should ask,” Henry said and grinned. He then placed the filing papers on the counter and went to a lopsided, well-used desk that was somehow managing to remain upright against the back wall. From the top right side drawer, he pulled out a short stack of papers and brought them to the counter. While the settlers looked on, he went about matching each of the filing papers with a paper from the stack. Once that was all said and done...well, completed anyway, he returned the remainder of the stack to the desk drawer and sashayed back to the counter to admire his handiwork.
Once he seemed satisfied, he looked up at the eager faces. “Which one of you boys is Will Swanson?”
“That’d be me,” Will said and took a step forward.
Henry looked at another of the papers. “And I take it that Sarah Swanson would be your missus?”
“She would...eh...I mean...she is.”
Henry picked up the two sets of papers. “All you boys need to gather around and listen to what I got to say to Mister Swanson, here.”
“Will would suit me a whole sight better,” Will informed him. “Mister Swanson was my daddy, an’ so was my granddaddy.”
Henry smiled and nodded slightly. “Suits me, too,” he said. “Will it is then.” Henry then went about explaining to the newcomers just how it was that the numbers and directions on the official homestead documents he had pulled from the drawer worked. He explained that once they had managed to follow the directions on the papers and had located the general area, there were numbered markers out there that they would have to find and match up with the ones on the documents. He was sure to let them know that although the markers were right out in plain sight, they could still have a time finding them, but for them to keep at it. Finally, he told them that if all else failed, they could come right back here to the office and he’d answer any questions or concerns they might have regarding the issues.
With everything they could think of that needed an answer having been asked, and...well...answered, they collected their respective official papers from the land agent and returned to the wagons outside.
The grins on their faces just about matched the size of the wagons as they approached the rest of their families while triumphantly waving their individual papers overhead.
Chapter 16
The next thing that needed tending to was to make a stop off at the general store they had seen on the way into town. Although their supplies hadn’t reached a critical stage, as of yet, they figured it was best to stay prepared in case a storm of any magnitude decided to lasso the area for way longer than was either needed or wanted. With that in mind, and despite the narrowness of the street, they managed to get the wagons turned around and headed back toward the false-fronted store.
Seth had offered to make the ride back to where he and Sam had draped their laundry out to dry on the tree limbs, and continued on out of town to the west while the wagons pulled to a stop just short of the storefront. Becky had wanted to go along with him, but it took only about two seconds for him to put a stop to that fool notion. After all...what self respecting gent would want the gal he was sweet on to be afforded an all-out gander at either his or his brother’s long handled underwear? Whether they be on his body or off his body didn’t make no nevermind to him, was the way he had it figured. Heck...it was all he could do to tolerate even his own sister seeing his unders.
*
After easily finding the spot where the clothing had been left, he was pleased to see that none of it had been disturbed. He got down, and after feeling the closest pair of trousers, decided that the things had dried quite nicely and he went about snatching them from the limbs. Just as he was lifting the last pair of longhandles from a limb, he looked around guiltily in an effort to make sure that no one else had seen them. Satisfied, he completed the task and stuffed everything into his saddlebag. He then mounted and headed for the river to see if there had been any change in its disposition.
Rounding the bend in the trail, he was happy to see that the water had indeed lowered a good bit and the creek wasn’t flowing nearly as fast as it had been.
Something else caught his eye and he raised his gaze. There it was again...a slight movement off in the brush. It was just a short ways back from the far side of the creek and got him to focusing his attention on it and in a big quick hurry, to boot. It was but a few seconds after that when the pair of men rode out from their place of concealment and pulled their horses to a stop right there in the middle of the trail.
Now Seth Clarkson had always been blessed with a real good memory and it didn’t fail him this time either. The sight of the two wide-brimmed sombreros right away got him to remembering that these were the same two men who had previously taken his beloved Becky captive...twice.
His first impulse was to snatch the carbine from its scabbard and send the both of them straight to hell where they belonged, when to his chagrin, they must have read his mind because they didn’t hang around.
In the space of about an instant, the pair of Mex’s reined their cayuses off the trail and into the protection of the trees.
Not only was Seth’s memory one to be admired, but just the pure fact that he weren’t no dummy neither, would give most folks cause to think highly of him. He immediately realized his sitting-duck vulnerability and jerked the mare’s head around toward town while at the same instant jamming both heels into the wild-eyed, startled mare’s gut.Z
He put a whole lot of distance between himself and the threat, and in a fashion that would make one of those skinny-legged, skittering water bugs on the top side of a polluted pond look like it was moving in slow motion. In no time at all, he sighted the tops of the buildings and slowed some.
*
Alvarado and Juan were not sure if the gringo they had seen at the edge of the creek was one to be concerned with or not. Nevertheless, with Jesus now laying dead back there in that canyon, it would not be so smart for them to take the chance of having either one of them wind up in the same condition.
When it looked to Alvarado as if the gringo was reaching forward to find his rifle, he hastily reined his horse around and into the trees to escape before it was too late. Juan quickly followed and they headed for the bridge that they knew to be only a short distance up river.
It took barely a couple of minutes for them to find and cross the bridge. The pair of banditos then continued on toward Como where they were eager to find something good to put into their stomachs.
*
Seth continued through town, and once opposite the blacksmith shop, he reined around to the south and took the well-used road that was the exact way the directions on the map said to go. Reaching the bank of Tarryall Creek he was pleased to see the fresh ruts the wagon wheels had laid out in the soft dirt. He followed them along the water’s edge at a loping pace. Just short of a half hour later, he rounded a tree-shrouded bend in the creek and there they were.
The wagons had stopped and Seth could easily see that everyone was busy fetching water for the teams. The riding stock was lined up along the bank and doing their best to suck the creek dry. Seth grinned and nudged his mare with a gentle touching of his heels. She responded favorably and they approached the wagons at a slow walk.
Becky looked up as soon as she heard the sounds of his arrival and let out with that amazing smile of hers. No sooner had he reined to a stop, then she took ahold of the bridle and waited patiently for the much-anticipated kiss that she hoped would be forthcoming.
He dismounted and didn’t disappoint her as he took her in his arms and planted one right smack dab on her soft lips. “Never seem to get my fill of doing that,” he said softly, into her eyes after they had parted.
“Me neither,” she breathed and did her best to tuck a wayward lock of hair back behind her right ear where it rightfully belonged. But it had other ideas and fell back across her cheek.
He reached out and did the tucking; this time it stayed put.
“You get your clothes?” she asked.
“Yep! Them and Sam’s, too. I also saw them two Mexican banditos across that creek back there.” He gestured in that general direction.
She was immediately alarmed and made her feelings known as they spread across her face for everyone to see. She sucked in a breath that was probably of the scared variety and quickly looked all around them. “Are they headed this way?” she needed to know.
“I don’t think so.”
“What’s all the fuss about?” Jacob asked and sided up to Seth.
“Mister Clarkson...Seth just said that he saw those two men who had captured me ’n Sarah and Mrs. Clarkson.”
“That right, son? Those men trailing us?”
“I don’t think so. But I did see them when I went back to find out if that creek had settled down some. They were on the west side of the water and when I reached for the carbine they skedaddled into the trees. If they were of a mind to cause trouble, I’m thinking they missed a golden opportunity right then. Heck...I reckon they could’ve taken a couple a potshots at me if they were of a mind to.”
“What happened then?”
“Nothing. I didn’t wait around long enough to give them the time of day, let alone take a bullet for my trouble. I just headed back to town and here I am.”
“Good for you. You did the exact right thing.” Jacob then appeared thoughtful for a bit, until finally, he said, “Go get your brother. I’m thinking we best be on our guard and keep an eye or two out for them fellas.”
Seth spied Sam over by the creek and hollered for him,” Sam! Pa wants you!”
Jacob stuck a finger in his ear and wiggled it at an imaginary itch. “Heck...I could’ve done that,” he said, and after pulling the finger from his ear, looked at the tip end of it and wiped the wax he had fished out onto his pant leg.
Seth grinned. “So, why didn’t you?” he asked innocently
Once Sam, Will, and the others had all gathered around, Seth repeated what he had told pa. It went almost without saying what was needed from everyone, but Jacob laid it out anyway. No one would be out anywhere on his or her own, and guns were to be kept close at hand and loaded.
With this renewed threat now having been brought to bear, they checked the hand-drawn map, climbed aboard their respective wagons and horses, and set out with Becky and Liz now riding in the wagons, and Seth and Sam riding drag about thirty to forty yards behind the procession. They took turns keeping an eye out for signs of anything gaining on them from along their backtrail.
As it turned out, the first of the homesteads was barely five miles south out of Como, along the western edge of Tarryall Creek. The marker was just as Henry had said it would be. It was nothing more than a spire of small rocks with a piece of paper securely tucked away inside the questionable protection of a badly-dented, rusty, bean can. After comparing the numbers on the scrap of paper inside the not-so-lavish tin can against those on the various homestead papers, it was confirmed that this was indeed the northeastern most corner of Jacob and Emily’s combined pieces of land. In actuality, it was the parcel that had been assigned to Emily’s name. Jacob’s was directly south of hers, with Will and Sarah having the half section that bordered Emily and Jacob on the west side. Sam’s piece was listed as being just south of Will and Sarah’s. Seth had been blessed with having been assigned the quarter section that was not only due east of Sam’s, but also took in a bend in the creek and therefore had the rights to the water that passed through the area and split his land darned near right down the middle.
According to the paperwork, the Carnes’ land would prove to be just on the eastern side of the creek, with Liz’s piece bordering Seth’s along his eastern edge and touching the southern side of her folks’. All in all, it couldn’t have been a better set-up for everyone concerned, unless, of course, Liz and Sam’s had been side by side instead of having Seth’s right between them.
It had long-since been decided that once ma and pa’s homestead had been located, the whole family would pitch in and build the house that would be home to them and the boys. Once that had been completed, the next logical step would be to build one for Sarah and Will.
Eager to find their own property, the Carnes family said their good-byes and prepared to ford the creek. Liz was having a particularly difficult time leaving Sam behind, but he promised faithfully to visit her at his earliest convenience. She accepted this reluctantly, and with a glassy-eyed smile, gave him a kiss on the cheek that only served to make him want to go help them locate their land parcels.
He stood at the edge of the creek and watched them make the crossing. Liz then gave him a two-handed wave and dug both fists into her eyes before turning around to face the front. He could only imagine that she was crying. Heck...the truth be known...he wasn’t far from feeling the same way himself.
“It’s kind of tough watching the gal you’re sweet on ride away, huh?” Seth asked, as he sided up to his brother. He slipped an arm around his shoulders.
“Who says I’m sweet on her?”
“Ma.”
Sam grinned. He knew he hadn’t been fooling anyone. “She’s right, you know?”
“Course I know. And so does everyone else with any sense about ’em.”
*
There was a brisk breeze blowing, which served to remind them that finding temporary shelter out of the weather that was sure to come, had to be about the first thing on their list. With that in mind, they continued south along the creek bank toward a generous stand of trees that jutted out across the grassland for what seemed to be about a quarter mile or so.
Reaching it, Sam and Seth rode into the interior of the small forest and returned only moments later with huge grins on their faces.
“From the looks on those faces,” Emily noted, “I’m thinking we found ourselves a place to stay while we go about building that house we’ve been dreaming about.”
“About time, too, if you ask me,” Jacob added.
The boys reined up between the two wagons that had been pulled abreast of one another.
“Looks to be about as suitable as we could have hoped for,” Seth offered and looked at Becky.
She smiled in return. Just watching her mouth gave him the urge to kiss those lips, but what with other pressing matters to deal with, he let it pass. Well...sort of anyway.
“Looks to be a goodly amount of trees around here,” Jacob noted as he scanned the surrounding hillsides before settling his attention on Will. “What say we get these wagons situated and take a ride over thataway?” He pointed.
“Looks to be about as good a place as any to start,” Will replied and extended an upraised palm toward the nearby trees. “After you,” he said and smiled down at his wife who was clinging to his upper arm.
After carefully guiding the teams between the Ponderosa Pines, they pulled the wagons to a stop alongside one another in a good-sized grassy clearing that was just what the doctor had ordered. With the trees now completely blocking the wind, and the sun finding its way down on them through the opening directly overhead, the place was right cozy and they all figured they weren’t apt to do much better than this.
While they were admiring the surroundings, the right side lead mare on Jacob’s team heaved a rush of air that seemed to signify the end of the trail. Everyone present was surely feeling the same way. The next order of business was to busy themselves with unhitching the teams and putting together a semi-permanent camp.
Everyone went to work, and the clearing quickly took on the characteristics of a hive of honeybees. Seth and Becky latched onto the chore of fetching the firewood, which gave them the chance to be away from the others. They made good use of the opportunity and got some smooching done before they got serious about stocking the camp with the needed wood.
Sam and Will dug two fire pits; one for cooking and the other for relaxing around while jawing and sipping a cup or two of coffee. Jacob made numerous trips to the creek and supplied them with enough perfectly suited rocks with which to fashion suitable fire rings around the pits.
Emily and Sarah made good use of their time by rearranging the things in the wagons, while relegating the not-so-essential items to the ground under the wagons.
Jacob and Sam stretched both of the tarps that had been brought along, between the wagons and tied them securely. It was then decided to build yet a third fireplace in the space provided between the wagons and this was completed in about two shakes with Jacob placing the final stone around the top edge of the hole that Sam had shoveled out of the soft earth.
With the camp now having been established to the point of a comfortable livability, Jacob, Sam, and Will saddled up and rode out, leaving Emily and Sarah to finish rearranging things, and Seth and Becky to the task of sawing and chopping the limbs into bite-sized lengths of firewood; they didn’t mind at all.
*
There were a number of surrounding hills that were cloaked in trees of the ideal size for building a cabin from. Tarryall Creek meandered off downstream to the southeast and they followed it far enough to satisfy themselves that not only did it show some promising fishing holes, but it also had ample water. There was no doubt that would serve well in supplying a herd with enough of the life-giving liquid to allow the cattle ranchers to put any concerns of that nature to right about the bottom of their list of potential problems.
Satisfied with their reconnoitering, they decided to get started first thing in the morning and returned to the camp.
Arriving back at the wagons, Jacob was pleased to see that Seth and Becky had made short work of putting together an ample supply of firewood. Dismounting, he looked up to see Seth emerging from the surrounding trees with one of the horses dragging along a log of a size that was by far too big for the fire.
“Reckon we needed some chairs,” he said informatively, and pulled the horse to a stop right beside the jawing-and-sipping fire pit.
“Don’t look at me if you’re wanting an argument,” Jacob said and chuckled before going about unsaddling his mare.
*
With the feeling of harmony that comes with accomplishment having descended all around the occupants of the camp, the fires were built up to the level that was just short of an inferno, and once the cooking fire had been allowed to become a bed of coals that was ideal for cooking over, the gentle sounds of bubbling coffee and sizzling cooking grease were the prominent sounds that surrounded them...that is if you don’t count the high-pitched mewing of a cow elk calling for her young’un.
With dusk having fallen, and a particularly spectacular array of colors gracing the partly clouded sky to the west, an owl hooted its dominance over the coming nightime hours. Feeling the urge, Jacob reached for a hand on either side of him from those who were seated around the jawing fire.
He then looked up at Emily. “You and Sarah got a minute to spare?” he asked.
His intent was evident. “We surely do, Pa,” Sarah replied and pulled the frying pan away from the coals.
She and Emily joined the others and Jacob began saying what was on everyone’s mind, “Dear Lord...we are surely thankful for all You’ve done for our families. You brought us here to what, judging from the looks of things, is surely Your country. We are truly thankful for blessing us with this beautiful young girl, Becky,” Seth gave her hand a gentle squeeze. “and we are surely thankful for this land that You have provided for our very existence. With all that in mind...I ask for Your continued blessing in keeping us safe from harm while we go about building our ranches and giving all the credit to You. In Your loving Son’s name I pray...amen.”
Becky and Seth were both feeling something tugging at them on the inside, but while Becky began doing some serious thinking, Seth sluffed it off and instead dodged the issue by saying, “I’m hungry! Let’s eat!”
Chapter 17
The next morning was one for the picture books. The sun had made its presence known above the crest to the east and the birds were chirping about as rambunctiously as all get out.
With the breakfast having been eaten, they sat around the morning fire enjoying a much-appreciated cup of coffee. During the meal, it had been decided that the men would work in pairs, with Seth and Jacob in one team and Will and Sam in the other. Sarah would help tend the team of horses for Will and Sam, while Becky would do the same for Seth and Mr. Clarkson. Emily would remain in camp and maintain that aspect of things.
Jacob and Emily had decided on a high spot just west of the creek, that afforded them not only a spectacular view of the hills to the east, but the majestic mountains to the north and west, as well. It was the perfect location that would not only give them easy access to the much-needed water, but the favored Ponderosa Pines were close by in sufficient numbers to allow for easy access once it got down to constructing outbuildings, and corrals and such.
They all knew that the construction of the cabin would be slow and tedious. They would first have to lay out a perimeter of rocks that would be held together with a mixture of mud and grass. Once it had hardened into a sturdy foundation, it would be the means upon which to stack the logs once they were cut to length.
With the coming winter right around the corner, there was also a pressing need to put together some sort of sheltering structures for the stock. Jacob figured it could always be improved upon at a later time...like once spring rolled around.
During the building of the main house, Sam managed to get away on a couple of occasions and make the ride across the creek to visit with Liz and her family. The first time he had made the short trek, it was easy to see that Mr. Carnes had no interest in building a real home for his family. He was obviously content to while away the days digging in the creek and panning for the nuggets that he expected to jump right into his pockets. When this didn’t pan out...so to speak, he grew even more crotchety than he usually was and Liz reluctantly let Sam know that she wasn’t very happy with the way things had been going so far.
Of course Sam didn’t at all like seeing her this way and it troubled him to no end. But, figuring that it was really none of his business, he did the best he could to comfort her, while way down deep in the back of his mind, he was wishing that someday, when they got older, he’d be able to marry her and build the permanent home for her that she had every right to yearn for.
With everyone being steadfast to the chore, the work on the Clarkson cabin progressed at a good clip and the structure was now complete to the point of all that remained was the construction the roof. Once this part was well underway, it was decided that because of the nip of late autumn, this was about as good a time as any for Seth to go out and bring back some fresh meat. Of course, Becky begged her way into being a part of the hunt.
Bright and early the following morning, with enough supplies to last them through a midday meal, they bundled up against the chill that was in the air, and with an extra mare in tow, the duo set out.
*
Alvarado Garcia and Juan Espinoza had kicked around Como for nearly two weeks before heading back to Fairplay. Because they had been robbed of their three captives, they now found themselves with little dinero in their pockets and even less desire for dealing with the coming winter months.
With their situation now approaching the point where either something had to be done or they would find themselves out in the cold...so to speak, they hit on a plan to take what food and supplies they needed from the general store and head home to Mexico and some much-anticipated warmer temperatures. Once there, it would be a simple matter to steal one or two unsuspecting young señoritas and take them to the Llano Estacado to be traded for horses with the Lipans or Mescaleros. They would then sell the horses for much dinero and again find themselves with extra pesos in their pockets and enough tequila to drink to make all their previous misfortunes a forgotten thing of the past.
With the plan planted firmly in their heads, they shivered through a cold night. But sleep wouldn’t come. Because of their close proximity to town, wood for a blazing fire was nowhere to be found and they were forced to curl themselves around what was an inadequate fire at best.
*
Alvarado awoke late the next morning, surprised that he had finally been able to get some much-needed rest. The sun beat against his face and he was pleased to feel its warmth. He squinted his eyes open and quickly closed them against the intrusion. He then rolled over onto his side and felt his stomach rumble against the hunger. It gurgled a second time and he opened his eyes and looked to where Juan had been sleeping. The bedroll was empty.
Immediately on his guard, he folded back the threadbare blanket and pulled his pistola from its holster. He then sat up and used his other hand to rub the sleep from his eyes. A gentle rustling in the bushes off to his right let him know that Juan was alright and had just gone off to relieve himself. He let the pistola return to the holster and stiffly worked his way to his feet. He then approached the pit of gray ash, and after lowering himself onto his haunches, extended a hand over the ash and was not surprised at the absence of heat.
Juan returned to the small clearing, putting the finishing touches on buckling his belt as he approached. “Good...you are awake, mi amigo,” he said and lowered himself beside Alvarado. He then extended a hand in much the same manner that his friend had. “There is no fire,” he said. “We have no more wood to make one. I think we must go to the town and get the food from the store before we go to Mexico.” Looking toward town, he continued, “Come...we must go now. I am very hungry and my stomach thinks someone has opened my throat with a knife and I am now unable to eat anymore.”
Alvarado didn’t have to be told twice, he was in the same condition. He used a well-placed hand against a knee and grunted as he pushed his way up.
The pair of banditos then rolled up their bedrolls and went about the task of saddling their horses.
With the proximity to the town being what it was, the ride to the general store wasn’t much more than just climb aboard, rein around toward the buildings, and climb down. They took the precaution of only using one wrap around the hitchrail in case they found themselves needing to get out of town under less than ideal circumstances.
Despite it being early in the day, just past seven would be a good guess, the pair still took the precaution of looking both ways along the street before entering the store. They were pleased to see that not a soul was within three or four storefronts of them and exchanged confident grins before entering.
The gringo behind the counter was a big man and this alone tended to put Alvarado on his guard. It had been his experience that big fellas didn’t much like other people telling them what to do, especially when it involved taking something was rightfully his. Juan remained by the door while Alvarado approached the counter and pulled his pistola.
“You will put your hands to the roof for me to see!” Alvarado ordered, and waved the business end of his pistola in the fella’s face.
Hank Simpson wasn’t normally one to take orders from any no-account, thieving robber, and this time was no exception. “What do you want?” he countered. “There ain’t much money in the till, but what there is, you can take and be on your way.”He then made a move toward the cash register.
Alvarado eared back the hammer. “You will no make these moves. We will take your money after we find some food to take from this place.” He waved the gun in an all-encompassing manner before returning it and his attention to the big man. “So, if you will put your hands to the roof, you will no have a bullet from me and we will go away after the food is in the bag and the money is in my pocket.” He patted the pocket he meant. “You understand, no?”
The words were said in a no nonsense manner that got Hank to thinking that this Mex would just as soon shoot him over a can of beans as look at him. He reluctantly pushed his hands above his head while he stared at the oversized hole in the business end of the Mex’s shooter.
“Now you are no being stupido. Now maybe you can help mi amigo put some food in a bag and then you can give me your money to put into my pocket, no?”
Just then a woman entered through the back door. She glanced around, saw the gun that was pointed at her husband, and screamed.
Alvarado’s reaction was to look her way and follow his gaze with the barrel of his pistola.
She shrieked again.
Hank was not one to stand by and watch his missus being threatened. With the robber’s attention now having been divided, he reacted in an instant and grabbed a sack of flour off the shelf immediately behind him. He flung it as hard as he could, hitting the Mex in the shoulder. The impact caused the sack to bust open and the gun to discharge.
With the sounds of Stella reacting to the bullet’s impact, and the flour sending a white dust cloud all around the Mex, Hank ducked behind the protection of the counter and came out with a pistol of his own.
The other Mex, who had remained over near the front door, was at a loss. Things had happened so quickly that he didn’t know which way to turn. On the one hand, Alvarado was attempting to clear the flour from his eyes, while on the other, the woman who had been shot had crumpled to the floor with a pool of blood already beginning to show, and the man behind the counter was suddenly pointing a pistola his way. With his choices now having been narrowed down to one, Juan Espinoza pulled the gun around to meet the threat and took a bullet for his lapse in judgment.
The force of the slug hitting his shoulder spun him around and flung him into the door and out onto the boardwalk. With the door now hanging from one hinge, he was able to see the big man coming after him. Scrambling to get to his horse, Juan clutched the shoulder with a hand that did nothing to ease his pain. He did, however, manage to get to his feet and stumble toward the hitchrail.
Only one horse remained and it wasn’t his.
His next thought was to wonder if Alvarado would be mad at him if he took his horse. Deciding that at this stage of the game it didn’t matter, he pulled the rein from the hitchrail. It was then that he felt a burning sensation in the small of his back. His final thought before crumbling into a heap under the horse’s hooves was to decide that it had been his act of unwrapping the rein that had caused the gun behind him to go off.
Alvarado had managed to wipe away enough of the blinding powder to see what had befallen his amigo. He leveled his pistola at the back of the big man and evened the score. Realizing his vulnerability, he headed for what remained of the splintered front door and stumbled over the prone figure. He regained his balance without falling and hurried toward his horse that was now out in the middle of the street. The sounds of excited voices reached his ears and he looked up to see a couple of fellas heading his way with guns drawn. He then tossed a couple of bullets in their general direction and returned his attention to where his horse awaited, only to see the animal bolt and run away.
He reacted more out of fear than conscious thought and ran the rest of the way across the street. He hastily pulled the slipknot that held the only other horse around, swung up, and lowered himself along the animal’s neck as a hail of bullets whizzed past him, much in the manner of a disturbed hive of now angry bees.
Chapter 18
“Shhh!” Seth admonished from behind a strategically placed finger.
“Sorrry,” Becky whispered after lowering herself to the grass beside him. “It’s just that the leaves are dry, and—”
“Yeah...I know,” he said softly, and with about as much empathy as he could come up with...which wasn’t much if it got right down to it. “See that one over there,” he said and pointed. “That’s the one we’ll take.”
She followed his pointing finger and was hit by a sudden sense of right and wrong. “But it’s just a baby,” she protested.
“That it is,” he agreed and pulled the carbine up to a more useful position. “But it’s also an elk calf and just about the tenderest hunk of meat a body could ever want to wrap his tongue around. Besides...despite it being a young’un, it’s still a whole sight bigger than any deer you’ll ever come across”
Her eyes had grown glassy just before she turned them on him. “Do you have to?” she pleaded.
He easily saw her pain and placed a comforting palm against the side of her face. “Becky,” he began, “you need to understand that I don’t like it any better than you do, but it’s the best way.”
“But—”
This time the shushing finger was placed across her lips. “Look at it this way...not only is it the best eating meat around, but a calf is of a smaller and therefore less wasteful option. Sure...I could just as easily harvest a cow or even a bull, but there’s no way we would be able to consume it all before it spoiled. In the dead of winter it might be a different story, but right now that calf right over there is our best option.” He again indicated it, this time with a jutting chin.
She had assumed a puzzled expression and used a shirt sleeve to wipe away the moistness that had laid claim to her eyes. “You just said ‘harvest’. Why did you say that?”
He smiled not only into her now-soft eyes, but what had also turned into a pleasant expression. “Because that’s the way I think of it. It’s the same as pulling vegetables from a garden or cutting and bailing hay to feed a fella’s cattle with.”
“But this is a living, breathing animal.”
“That shouldn’t make any difference to a family who are in need of nourishment. Whether it be vegetables, animals, water or sunshine, shouldn’t make a lick of no nevermind when it comes right down to a person’s bare-bones survival.”
She smiled. “You can sure dish out a very convincing argument. Probably the utmost of which was the word harvest. When you put it that way, I can almost go along with it. So...with that in mind, go ahead and harvest that poor, defenseless, baby and I promise to forgive you.” She then leaned over and their lips met in a kiss that was probably about as tender as the meat on the best part of that calf.
He then rested the barrel of the carbine on the fallen log they were situated behind and took careful aim. Just when he had begun taking up the slack in the trigger, the entire herd of elk bolted and the calf was gone in a flash.
“Damn!” he said and pushed his way up onto his knees.
“You prone to being a cusser...are you?” she asked from around a sly grin.
“Not usually,” he responded. “What’dya think set ’em off?” he wanted to know.
“Could’ve been most anything,” she decided. “Maybe God was looking out for that little baby calf.”
“That’s nonsense,” he decided. “Besides...it was a good-sized calf.”
No sooner had he gotten the words out, then a figure on horseback appeared from the stand of pines off to the right of where the herd had just been grazing. “See...I told you,” he said smugly.
Becky didn’t answer; she was engrossed in the appearance of the man on horseback. Fear shrouded her eyes as she recognized him as Alvarado Garcia. She clutched Seth’s shoulder. “That man...he’s-he’s the one who was...who was with those other two that took your mom, and me an’ Sarah.”
“Really?”
“What are we gonna do?”
“Good question,” he said while keeping his gaze glued to the rider.
*
Alvarado was having a difficult time understanding why Juan had been killed back there at the store. After all...Juan hadn’t shot the gringo woman. That had been his handiwork. A thin, crooked smile of remembrance escaped.
He watched as the last rump of the elk herd disappeared into the forest across the meadow. He envied them their freedom. He then moved his gaze to the east in an effort to decide what would be the most likely way to go. While he was doing his best to come up with an answer, the decision was made for him as a glint of sunlight shown off something metallic. In this part of the country, metallic usually meant a gun and he immediately spurred the mare into a ground-eating gallop. He continued without let-up until he was safely inside the line of trees where the elk herd had disappeared just moments before.
With Jesus and Juan now having both been killed, he felt apprehensive that the same fate was in store for him. A look of fear shown in his dark eyes and every few seconds he would twist around in the saddle to make sure that no one was after him.
*
Seth in no way wanted to put his Becky in harm’s way and told her so. She protested his decision to send her back to the homestead and continued her plea all the while she was climbing astride her mare. He then used a length of rope to tie the extra mare to the base of a small sapling. The rope was long enough to give the animal sufficient freedom to graze on the lush grass in the area. He would make it a point to come back and retrieve the mare after the low-life had been taken care of.
With her now ready to go, he gave her directions to Tarryall Creek and told her to follow it upstream and she would eventually find herself safely back with the family.
She reluctantly rode out and hipped around in the saddle to watch him mount up and ride out in the direction that the Mexican had taken. Once she felt sure that he was out of sight, she reined to the right and followed, making sure to maintain a safe distance behind him. She continued to follow while remaining satisfied to just catch a glimpse of the tail end of his horse every now and then.
*
Alvarado had seen no sign of movements from anyone behind him since he had caught the glint of sunlight back there along the eastern edge of that meadow. That fact alone served well to calm him as he continued his ride to the south. The hunger persisted in gnawing away at his stomach. It was too bad that Juan had been killed and he had been forced to leave the town without the food or money from the store. But the good side of it all was that he was still alive and there would be another opportunity for him to find something to eat.
Now what with him beginning to feel safe again, he reined up at a small stream, gave the mare her head, and dismounted. He then lowered himself onto his knees beside the sparkling water. He removed his sombrero and tossed it aside. It spooked the mare slightly and she sidestepped in protest. But she calmed quickly enough and he lowered himself the rest of the way onto his belly.
The next few minutes were spent with the both of them slurping up about as much of the revitalizing liquid as they could hold. He even went a bit further and splashed some into his face and rubbed the back of his neck with it. He was pleased to realize that the gallon or so that he must have just drank, did a good job of taking the edge off his hunger, but that’s not to say that a well done steak and a plate of beans wouldn’t do him a whole lot of good right about now.
He retrieved his sombrero and rose. He ducked through the chin string and positioned the hat onto his back. He looked at his surroundings and took a minute or two to revel in what was turning into a very good day for him. This would not be a good day to die, he realized and sighed. He then went to the mare and slipped a couple of fingers under the cinch. Satisfied that it remained as tight as it needed to be, he aimed a booted toe at the stirrup and mounted.
Just when he was about to pull the mare’s head away from the stream, a slight sound reached his ears from back the way he had just come and he focused his full attention in that direction. Almost immediately, the unmistakable sound of a horse blowing reached him. He reacted quickly and rode the mare straight across the stream and into the concealing brush that lined the opposite bank.
He pulled the rifle from its scabbard and quickly dismounted. He went to the mare’s head and placed a palm against her velvety muzzle. Hoping against hope that she would not give them away, he slowed his breathing and waited for whoever it was to appear in the small clearing just ahead. The mare swished her tail against the intrusive flies, and even that sounded to him as if she might just as well have announced their presence with an ear-splitting whinny. But nothing came of it and Alvarado began to exhale his relief.
A few seconds later, a figure on horseback appeared at the other side of the clearing and drew rein.
Alvarado Garcia was in no mood to be nice to anyone. He had already lost his two amigos on this ill-fated trip and certainly had no desire to join them. So, with that in mind, he raised the rifle and took aim at the man. He took up the slack against the trigger and continued to squeeze. Just when he felt sure that the intruder was about to die, the mare shook her head, which in turn bumped her muzzle against his shoulder, and jarred his aim. The shot went off and the gringo fell from his horse.
Although not sure of how much damage he had done, but certainly unwilling to go out into the open to find out, Alvarado swung up onto the mare’s back and yanked her around to the south. He viciously dug in the rowels on his spurs, causing the mare to rear in protest. In spite of that, he managed to keep his backside in the saddle. When she came down, he spurred her again and she jumped out in a wild wide-eyed frenzy.
*
Becky had been keeping close tabs on her man and was immediately startled when the close proximity of a booming rifle shot shattered the forest all around her. Fearing the worst, she quickened her pace to the point of wanting to cover some ground, but not so foolishly as to place herself in danger if it turned out that it hadn’t been Seth doing the shooting.
When she rode into the small clearing, her worst fears were realized as soon as she spotted Seth laying facedown. Tears flooded her eyes as she jumped from the mare and ran the rest of the way to where he lay. She gently turned him over and felt instant relief when she saw his chest rise and fall.
Her tears dripped onto his cheeks and he fluttered his eyes.
Seeing the stream barely a few feet away gave her even more hope and she ran to it while pulling her handkerchief from a hip pocket of her trousers. She ran right into the water, and bending over, sopped up about as much as the meager cloth would hold. Satisfied, she then two-handedly carried the dripping cloth back to where Seth was already beginning to stir.
She fell to her knees beside him and laid the cloth across his brow.
He opened his eyes.
“What happened?” he asked and tried to sit up.
She gently forced him back down. “Someone must have shot you. Probably that Mexican bandit would be my guess.” She then began to examine him for any sign of a wound. “But I don’t see any blood,” she offered.
“I’ll bet the left side of my head knows where the blood is,” he replied and reached for it. “That’s the only spot on me that’s hurting,” he added. He pulled his hand away and they both saw the blood that he had picked up.
“Reckon that must be the spot,” she said with a bit of a grin.
“You think that’s funny, do you?” he asked.
“Well, no...not exactly funny. But...well...I guess I’d have to say that that’s more from outright relief than it is from anything akin to funny.”
He grinned and looked at her with a tenderness in his eyes that got her to thinking all kinds of unladylike thoughts, but to her credit, she managed to keep them to herself.
“Help me up and take me over to that stream,” he said and offered her an elbow in anticipation.
She figured he was in pretty good shape and elected to not voice an objection. With his assistance, she managed to hoist him up.
Once on his feet, he was a bit unsteady, but after waiting a few moments for him to remember what it had been like before he’d been shot, he got his legs back under him and wobbled his way over to the water’s edge. He then continued right on into the shallow stream and sat right down near the middle of it. She then used the hankie to wash the wound on the side of his head, and in no time at all he began to feel human again.
While she was doctoring him, he asked, “You think it might be worth risking another bullet for us to go after that fella?”
“Actually, I was wondering the same thing. By my way of thinking, I’d say that by now he’s well on his way back down to Laredo, or maybe even Mexico. I’m of a mind that we’d have us a heck of a time catching up. No...I think it’s good riddance to bad rubbish and we should just let it go at that.”
She was satisfied with the cleansing she had given the wound and tied the hankie around his head where it would cover and help protect the wound. Once that was done, she plopped down beside him in the water.
“Reckon you’re right about letting that low-life just go off on his own. My family says that God has His own way of giving them kind of fellas their comeuppance.”
She nodded her understanding and they fell silent, until finally, she spoke, “Sure is a good way to spend such a pleasant day,” she offered and looked into his eyes. “Minus the being shot part of it, that is.”
He chuckled, then began lazily swishing a hand back and forth in the water.
“You have something on your mind, don’t you?” she asked and laid her head against his shoulder.
“You mean other than being shot?” he offered.
Now it was her turn to chuckle lightly.
She lifted her head and he scooted around to better look into her eyes straight on. “Back there,” he gestured across the clearing. “Back there I saw something in your eyes. What was that?”
She flushed, remembering the thoughts that she had shamefully allowed to enter her mind. “Wha...what do you mean?”
“You know darned good and well what I mean. There was a look about you that...well...that got me to thinking things that maybe I shouldn’t have been thinking, but they just kind of slipped in anyways, and without my even knowing they was coming, either. Does that make any sense?”
That same look returned to her eyes and was again accompanied by those same kinds of shameful thoughts.
“There! Right there it is again!” he blurted. “So why don’t you tell me what that is all about?”
“That, Mister Clarkson, is something for only me to know about.”
“That ain’t fair.”
She let a gentle smile leak out. “Well, then...if you’re dead set on being privy to these unladylike thoughts that are racing around inside of me, I’m afraid the only way will be for us to get married first.”
“You mean...you’re asking—?”
“Yes, that’s exactly what I mean, and that’s exactly what I’m asking, and the sooner the better, I’m thinking. So...what’dya say, you want to marry me or not?”
“Ouuu...tough question,” he replied as he began stroking his chin thoughtfully.
She scowled at him. “You better just be funning with me, Mister.”
Deciding to not push his luck, he transformed the thoughtful look to one that showed the true love and heartfelt happiness that was inside of him and now threatening to burst out. “You got yourself a deal little lady. Heck, I’ve wanted to marry you ever since I first laid eyes on you.”
They embraced right there in the middle of that stream and planted a couple of lip locks on one another that would make a lock-jawed Gila Monster envious.
When they finally parted, she was breathless and gasping for air. “I-I’m thinking we best...I’m thinking we best be getting back to the cabin,” she managed to get out.
He grinned at her. “Either that or we could get one of these squirrels or maybe even a jabbering magpie to marry us right out here in front of God and everybody so’s we can get on with doing what’s got the both of us to breathing so hard.”
She returned the grin. “Now there’s a thought.” She stood and took him by the hand before helping him up and towing him from the water. “C’mon, you heathen...we still got us an animal to harvest before we head back to the cabin.”
Chapter 19
They weren’t fortunate enough to come across another elk calf, but they did manage to bag a young cow. They had already stopped off and retrieved the spare horse, and after tying the much-needed elk meat across the back of the mare, they made their way to Tarryall Creek and followed it northward until they finally spotted the cabin.
They arrived at the front of the nearly completed cabin with a couple of the widest grins on their faces that the likes of which had probably never before been seen anywhere near this part of South Park.
Sam looked at the expressions on Becky and his brother’s faces and grinned knowingly.
Seth dismounted and helped Becky down.
“Looks like you two ran into a bit of good luck, and maybe a bit of bad luck, as well. What happened to your head?” Jacob asked, as he ran one hand over the carcass and indicated the bandage on Seth’s head with the other. 
“Had me a run in with one of them Mexican fellas, is all. But we’re of a mind that he was all by his lonesome and is well on his way back to Mexico by now. Ain’t that right, Becky?”
She nodded her agreement. “That it is,” she said and climbed down.
“Reckon that just leaves the good news then,” Jacob said and again indicated the young cow with a gentle pat. “This critter should make for some mighty good eating. Too bad you didn’t come across a calf. There’s nothing better than a steak off the hind quarter of a yearling elk calf.”
Seth looked at Becky and shrugged.
She chose to ignore the gesture and instead turned her focus on Seth, before narrowing her eyes and motioning toward Jacob with a slight tilting of her head.
Seth sucked in a huge helping of needed courage. “Ahhhmm...eh...Pa?”
Jacob pulled his assessment of the carcass away from the animal and said, “Yes, son?”
Beads of sweat had already begun to pop out on Seth’s forehead. “Eh...me ’n Becky got something what needs saying.”
There was something about the way Seth was talking...something kind of nervous like that got Jacob to looking to his missus. “Go on. What is it that needs sayin’?”
Coming to Seth’s rescue, Sam took up the cause, “They’re figuring on getting your permission to get hitched.”
Jacob looked straight at Sam and arched a questioning eyebrow. “Hitched?”
“Yeah...hitched. You know...married.”
This time, Jacob and Emily both shifted their attention to Seth and Becky.
“Is that right, Becky?” Emily asked. “Are you of a mind to marry my son?”
“Our son,” Jacob reminded her before continuing, “So, is that true? Is that why you two have been grinning like a couple of opossums?”
“Ya-yes, Mister Clarkson,” she admitted. “By my way of thinking, that’s exactly what a couple of grinning opossums do just after being discovered...that and playing dead of course. But we’re not about to revert to that.” She glanced at Seth. “Are we, Seth?”
He looked first at his pa, then into the eyes of his ma. “Maybe that’s not such a bad idea right about now, Becky. From what I’m seeing, that might be the best way out of this fix.” He swallowed dryly and wondered why all of a sudden his stomach was paining him something awful. He began to rub it absentmindedly.
“Well now,” Emily began, “there’s a whole lot to digest here. Have you two given much thought to this, or is this just some fool notion that only recently popped into your fool heads?”
Seth figured it was his place to answer that one. “I reckon it just sort of popped into our heads, ma, but...well...but it ain’t no fool notion. Becky and me been being drawn to one another ever since that first day she come to be a part of this whole operation we got going here.” He waved toward the cabin.
Emily remembered back to when she had first become aware of that little spark of interest they’d shown toward one another and knew he was telling the God’s-honest truth. “That may be true enough, but you’re both so young,” she cautioned.
“How old were you when you and pa got married?” Sam interjected.
“That was different. I was sixteen, but that was the old days.”
“Has loving someone and wanting to make a life with them changed that much over the years, mother?” Sarah asked.
Emily was taken aback. Her only defense had just been unmercifully crushed, and she was without an argument, but that’s not to say that Jacob was finished.
“How old are you, Becky?” he asked.
“Sixteen,” she offered just above a whisper before realizing what could prove to be a positive argument. “But I’ll be seventeen next month!” she added with a bit of hope showing through.
“Really? What day?” Seth asked.
She looked at him. “The 23rd,” she offered.
Seth smiled widely. “So will we...the 23rd, I mean. Me ’n Sam will also be eighteen on the 23rd of next month!” He turned to face pa. “See that? That must be a sign. What could be better than two people being married what have the same birthday?” he asked confidently.
“How about having a means of supporting a wife, for one thing,” Jacob countered. “Then there’s the small matter of having a house, a barn, a couple of horses of their own, a—”
“Alright! Alright! I’m getting the picture!” Seth conceded. “But will you two at least give this some serious thought while I go about taking care of all them little details pa was just spouting off about?”
Jacob and Emily looked at one another and nodded almost in unison. Emily then turned to her son and said, “That we will.” She then went to Becky and held open arms out to the girl. “Welcome to the family, Becky. He may be a bit scatterbrained at times, but I know in my heart of hearts that he’ll make you a wonderful husband someday...same as I know you’ll be a loving and caring wife to him.”
Becky enjoyed the hug, during which she whispered into her future mother-in-law’s ear, “I’ll love him ’til the very day I die.”
Emily extended her out to arm’s length. “I know you will, my dear. I can see it in those beautiful, sincere eyes of yours.”
“See what?” Seth wanted to know.
“None of your business, Mister,” Emily informed him. “That’s something you’ll find out for yourself in due time. But for now...it’ll have to be something that’s between just the two of us...a secret just between ladies, if you will.” Emily then gave Becky a loving and appreciative kiss on the cheek.
“Well, now,” Will said and headed for the cow elk, “What say we get some knives and forks an’ eat this critter?”
*
The next week or so was spent putting the finishing touches on the roof of the cabin that was fast-becoming a home to be admired. It had everything going for it that they had been able to come up with. There was an open-hearth cooking area and a pot-bellied stove for keeping the wintery chill at bay. The sleeping areas had been partitioned off for privacy, and a ways away from the back of the house, an outhouse had been constructed for convenience.
Of course, the long term plan was to acquire a wood-burning, cookstove once the ranching part of things got off the ground, but until that sought-after day became a reality, the open hearth would do just fine.
During this time, Seth’s head wound continued to heal without any noticeable complications. Although Becky was pretty sure that it would do well if left alone to heal by itself, she chose to do for him and mollycoddled him as much as he would allow. He wasn’t much different than most men his age, and even a mite older, as he reveled in the attention.
Will and Sam had built an oversized eating table with matching chairs that was expansive enough to accommodate everyone at one sitting. This was a real blessing as it served to bring everyone together at meal time.
The log walls had been chinked to near perfection from the benefits afforded by the clay-like mud that Seth and Becky had happened across on a day when they were doing their darndest to steal some time alone.
So, while the family continued with steadfast resolve to build two shed-like structures in which to stable the horses away from the harsh winter that was sure to come, the smoke continued to curl non-stop from the chimney atop the main house.
It was a fine homestead indeed that they were building and there were no two ways about it.
*
With the length of the daylight hours now becoming shorter with each passing day, it was a rare opportunity when Sam was able to make the ride to the Carnes’ homestead and visit with Liz. But there were certainly times when the opportunity showed itself and today was one of those sought-after occasions.
The settlers had arrived on their lands darned near two months prior, and as far as Sam could tell, Wally still hadn’t lifted so much as a finger to construct a building in which to shelter his family against the harshness of the fast-approaching winter.
Sam reined up near the front of the wagon where Liz and her ma were hanging out a batch of freshly-done laundry along a length of rope that had been stretched between the rear of the wagon and a sturdy tree that was managing to cling to existence along the nearby water’s edge.
Liz was certainly happy to see him and was already waiting for him when his first boot touched the ground. “Sam, it’s so good to see you again. I’ve certainly missed you.”
He smiled and took her in his arms.
They kissed briefly and Elizabeth cleared her throat. “Don’t let your pa see you two doing that,” she admonished good-naturedly. “You know darned good and well that he’ll have himself an all-out hissy fit if he does.”
“He hasn’t seen anything but the bottom of that creek ever since he first laid eyes on it,” Liz said in a way that let anyone with an interest know that she was about as fed up with his whole notion of finding-gold-or-die-trying as she was apt to get. “In case he can’t see the forest for the trees, he might want to have someone besides me remind him again that winter’s coming and it’s going to get about as cold as a well digger’s tail feathers before it gets any warmer around this part of the country.”
“I was just a while ago thinking the same thing when I rode up,” Sam admitted. “Doesn’t he realize that there’s a—”
“He doesn’t realize anything past the tip of his nose,” Liz said and sighed.
“Now, Liz, that’s no way to talk about your father,” Elizabeth said.
“Yeah...well...it is when it’s true.”
“What is when what’s true?” Wally asked as he approached from the direction of the creek.
It was easy to see that neither Liz nor her mother were of a mind to say anything further on the subject, so Sam spoke up, “That it’s okay to point out the facts when you don’t seem to care anything about providing shelter for your family against what’s sure to be a hard winter up here.
The veins on Wally’s face started to pop out, as his face immediately began turning red and his eyes bulged slightly. “Now that’s a bald-faced lie!”
Sam noted that Mr. Carnes had clenched his fists. “Is it?”
“Course it is!” Wally retorted and took a threatening step forward.
Elizabeth quickly stepped between them. “You just simmer down, Walter!” she ordered. “The boy’s got a point there.”
Wally turned his gaze on his wife. “You siding with him?” he asked as the fire continued to build up inside of him.
“I am when he’s saying what’s true,” she replied resolutely.
Wally returned his anger to Sam. “Why you little twerp!” He took yet another step forward.
Against his better judgment, Sam balled his own fists in preparation of defending himself.
“I outta pin your ears back!”
“You can try, Mister Carnes, but that still isn’t going to protect your family from the coming snow.”
Liz had had enough. She joined her mother between the two men and aimed an admonishing finger straight at her pa’s nose. “I’d say I’ve heard just about all I care to from the both of you heathens!” She then turned to face Sam. “And I’m thinking that it’d do well if you would mount up and head off a ways so the both of you can have a chance to cool down.” She then raised up onto tippee-toes and whispered into his ear, “Don’t go very far...I’ll be right there.”
“What’s that whispering all about?” Wally hollered.
Liz then gave her man a gentle kiss on the lips.
“What the heck was that?” Wally was getting more agitated by the minute.
“Now go,” Liz said and gave Sam a gentle shove before turning to face her father. “That...my dear father is something that’s been going on between us for the better part of two whole months now.”
“But...but...why didn’t I know about any of—?”
“Because you’ve been too engrossed in looking for your life’s treasure in the bottom of that creek over yonder, that’s why!” Elizabeth said, with both fists perched atop her hips. It was easy to see that she meant business. “You’d think that any sensible man would have enough wherewithal to realize the things that are going on all around him...especially when they involve his own daughter!”
“But, I know there’s gold to be had if a fella looks in the right place.”
Liz easily saw the sad look that had suddenly invaded her father’s eyes. “That may be true, Daddy,” she said tenderly, “but the Bible says that a person’s treasure is where their heart is.” She then pointed toward the figure on horseback. “And my treasure is riding away right this minute.”
“You understand what she’s telling you, Walter? She’s in love with that young man and all your threatening to beat him up isn’t going to hold a candle to what’s in her heart. You can continue to push him away, but if you do...you can mark my words that you’ll be pushing your own daughter away, as well.”
Walter looked as if he wanted to cry. His eyes had suddenly become glassy and he turned them on Liz. “That true? You think you’re in love with that boy?” he wanted to know.
“No, sir. That’s not true. What’s true is that I know I’m in love with him and he’s in love with me, and with or without your blessing, I’ll be marrying him someday, and pretty darned soon if I have anything to say about it.”
“Amen to that,” Elizabeth added and looked into the moist eyes of her husband. “So...now that we have your attention pulled away from that creek...at least for the time being...don’t you think it’s about time you make the ride across that same creek and ask those folks to give you a hand with trying to get some type of shelter built before it’s eternally too late?”
He continued to look into the sincerity that had laid claim to her eyes. He then shifted his attention to Liz’s before glancing up at the waiting rider who had drawn rein a couple of hundred yards away. “He waiting on you?” he asked Liz.
She nodded.
“That what the whispering was all about?”
She nodded again.
“You really want him?”
This time she spread a wide smile across her face and went to him. She gave him a great big hug and topped it off with a tender kiss on his cheek. She then held him out to arm’s length. “C’mon, me and Sam will make the ride with you,” she offered softly, and with a girlish gaiety that he hadn’t seen since she was just past being a sprout, she skipped off to go fetch her mare.
Chapter 20
The building of the Carnes’ cabin was a challenge at best. The effort was hampered because of the late start they had gotten. But they all knew how hard it must have been for Wally to ask for their help, and all that was overridden by the bare-bones fact that he had finally come to his senses and realized the need to get it done.
Although everyone to a man chipped in and worked hard to beat the seasonal change that was already beginning to make itself a part of the high grassland that was South Park, the fact remained that they might be losing the battle that could easily mean life or death for the Carnes clan. So, with renewed effort, they pushed everything else aside and extended the working hours to include from sun-up to sundown.
There were times when work had to be halted while a snow-laden blow skipped across the area, but all in all, once it had passed, they would brush the flakes aside and get back to the task at hand with even more of a vengeance than before.
In this fashion, the work progressed at an almost unbelievable rate until finally, the place, although still far from being finished, was certainly livable and would therefore serve Wally, and his family until spring returned to the high country and he could apply the finishing touches that would help turn the house into a home. They had also constructed an out building of sorts that wasn’t much more than three walls and a roof, with the fourth side being left open, but even that would help protect the Carnes’ animals. The whole set-up looked to be satisfactory and Wally now found himself back in the good graces of his family.
*
Right along with the coming of winter, came the harsh reality of what the settlers had gotten themselves into. Although the Clarksons and Swansons hadn’t as yet begun stocking their intended herds, they could easily see that once they did, keeping them fed and alive would be no easy matter during the winter months. It was true that although the grass had been abundant up until now, that would not be the case once the entire basin was covered with snow that they imagined could pile up to unbelievable depths in the dead of winter.
While the next couple of months dragged by, it became increasing evident that their efforts had not been in vain, and once the window openings had been blocked using branches from the nearby evergreens, the cabin proved to be all the protection that was needed against the harsh blowing storms that rolled across the basin at irregular intervals. It was also realized that once spring rolled around, high on their list of priorities would be to purchase and install glass window panes for even added comfort and protection.
*
As luck would have it, the day after it was decided that the settlers had a pressing need to again replenish their meat supply, a beautiful, sunny morning presented itself as the sun chinned itself along the crest of the ridge to the east.
With the promise of a truly favorable day staring them dead in the eye, Seth and Becky prepared to do just that and saddled a couple of the mares. They additionally put a halter on one of the team horses and led the three animals around to the front of the cabin. Once they had gathered together what possibles and vittles they might have a need for, they mounted and headed into the very same foothills that had previously given up that cow elk.
Seth knew that although a herd of elk could cover a whole lot of ground, and in a big quick hurry, he also knew that they could sometimes be of a territorial nature, as well. Plain and simple—and especially in the winter time—once a bunch found an area that suited their fancy, they might be inclined to call it home for a spell. So, with that way of thinking lining the front part of his brain, it made sense to start looking around the same neck of the woods where they had last seen them.
The ride itself was a pleasant one as the lay of the land was generally flat with only a swell from time to time that needed to be crested. There was generally about three or four inches of fresh powder from the recent storm and that served to only increase their chances of tracking and thereby spotting their quarry before it spotted them. While they continued to press on toward the gentle rolling hills that were now looming ever closer, they rode along side by side while holding hands and marveling in what was truly a splendid day.
Nearing the first of the hills, Seth suddenly drew rein which in turn caused Becky to rein up as well. A good ways out in front of them, it was evident that the snow had been disturbed.
“You stay here,” he said just above a whisper and handed her the halter rope to the spare horse before nudging his own mare forward with a gentle tapping of his boot heels. He covered the distance warily while keeping his eyes peeled toward the surrounding trees and foliage. The closer he got, the more a puzzled look formed across his face with the bulk of it centered in his eyes. From what he could see, the pattern of the prints didn’t seem to resemble any wandering bunch of elk. No...these were more of the meandering and ground-churning kind. Immediately on his guard, he reached forward and lifted the carbine from the scabbard.
Reaching the scattering of prints, his worst fears were suddenly realized and he immediately hipped around in the saddle and hollered, “Becky...run! These prints were made by Indian ponies! Follow the tracks back the way we came! Go! Go right now!”
No sooner had he gotten the last word out, when the cut between two large rocks that loomed just ahead, erupted into a war-whooping frenzy and he found himself faced with trying to save his own skin. He responded by jerking the mare’s head around and slapping the boot leather to her. An arrow hit the ground and scattered snow just in front of and off to the left of the animal. He immediately lowered himself along her neck for some extra speed as well as a pressing need to make himself as small a target as possible.
He risked a glance back over his shoulder and realized that he was not only keeping ahead of the threat, but seemed to be pulling away as well. He then returned his attention to the front and focused on the fleeing Becky. To his chagrin, he saw that she was still holding onto the lead rope while she towed the mare along behind her. “Turn her loose,” he mumbled, knowing that she was too far ahead of him to understand what he might be saying, even if he were to holler it out.
But none of that really mattered because their horses were outdistancing those of the Indians, and it was just a matter of time before the redskins would give up and they would both be in the clear. With the sweet taste of success beginning to roll around on the tip of his tongue, he did the best he could to keep his smile on the inside, but it leaked out anyway.
To make a short story even shorter, it was right about then that Seth Clarkson discovered the undeniable fact that prairie dogs frequented this part of the basin. The galloping mare must have found one of their front doors and stepped into it before continuing right on through it and into the kitchen without even being invited.
She stumbled and went down with Seth and the carbine not only parting company, but landing far enough apart that he’d be hard pressed to get to it in time.
As he hit the ground he felt the air rush out of him. He rolled and tumbled to a stop with a feeling of helplessness taking ahold of him to the point where he figured he’d be needing to get himself into a whole lot better condition before he could even come up with enough strength to die. There was no mistaking the fact that he was hurting from head to toe.
It didn’t take but about a handful of seconds before he was looking up at four of the angriest faces he could ever remember having had the misfortune of looking into. His first thought was to spring to his feet and run away as fast as he could, but that’s exactly where the problem was; he knew that running of any kind was at least temporarily out of the question. The pain that had invaded his left ankle made it pretty plain that he was going to have to remain right where he was and deal with whatever it was that these fellas had in mind.
He carefully worked his way onto his knees, all the while being cognizant of the pain in the ankle, as well as a new one that was centered right between his shoulder blades. He did his best to push the pains aside and took a glance behind him in an effort to ensure that Becky had made good her escape and was safely away from these fellas. But that’s not exactly the way things had turned out, because instead of continuing to head to safety, she had drawn rein and was now sitting her mare along the edge of a grove of aspens that was way too close to suit him.
It was only then that fear shrouded his eyes. Why did you stop? he wondered and using a one-handed shooing motion, tried his darndest to make her head for the safety of the cabin.
His efforts to get her to realize her predicament were interrupted when one of the Indian fellas jammed a moccasined foot against the exact spot in his back that was already hurting, and forced him to the ground. The foot remained, pinning him helplessly in the grass while making him forget all about not only the injured ankle, but the rest of his pains as well. He tried, to no avail, to raise his head enough to get another look at Becky. The foot pressed harder.
He resigned himself to his fate.
The next thing he knew, the Indians were all around him and their demeanor changed. With their glee at having a prisoner now being evident, they chuckled and snickered like a handful of young bucks at play, while pulling and tugging at his clothes. They then went about kicking at him, which wasn’t doing any of his injuries any good. He protested the treatment by first attempting to push and kick back at them. Then, when that proved ineffective, he retreated to covering his head and face with his arms while assuming a defensive fetal position.
Right about then was when the sounds of an approaching horse made its way through the commotion and abuse he was suffering.
The Indians stopped what they were doing and fell silent.
Seth let his arms fall from their protective positioning and looked up to see Becky astride her mare with a rifle pointed in the general direction of the heathens. She then said something in Spanish that he in no way understood.
“You will not hurt my man,” she informed the Utes and thumbed back the hammer on the rifle. “Do any of you understand the words I am saying to you?”
Each of the four warriors nodded slowly. This encouraged her and she continued, “We have not come to this place to harm you. We want to live among you and be your friends.”
One of the Utes, a fella who was muscular in stature and handsome in appearance, positioned himself in front of the others. “Why do you come to this place? This land is our land. There are now many White Eye who have come here.” He waved an all-encompassing hand at the expanse around them. “They are not welcome here just as you are not welcome here. The White Eye take the elk, they take the deer, they kill the antelope, and they take the mighty bears. All these things are here for us to feed our families. They are not here for the White Eye to kill and eat.” He glanced behind him at the others and was pleased to see their accenting nods.
From his position on the ground, Seth wasn’t sure what was being said or even what the heck was going on, but he could easily see that the Utes seemed...well...neighborly was a word that came to mind. While the Ute was busy with his friends, Seth and Becky exchanged looks. He opened his mouth to ask her what the heck was going on, when she pressed a shushing finger against the front of her lips and shook her head almost imperceptibly while narrowing her eyes in a cautioning, even warning fashion.
The Ute turned back to face her and continued, “We all agree that the White Eye who take the animals from the mouths of our families are not allowed to live in this place.” Again he used a sweeping motion around them. He then folded his arms across his chest, obviously having completed what he had to say.
To Seth’s chagrin, he watched helplessly as Becky lowered the hammer on the rifle, and leaning forward, slid it into the scabbard.
“We are not here to take the food from the mouths of your families,” she informed the Utes. “We have come to this beautiful place...” now it was her turn to indicate the area around them with a sweeping motion of her hand, “to bring even more animals.”
Of course this caused a stir among the Utes and Seth wondered what had suddenly gotten them to jabbering amongst themselves. He looked again at Becky and was pleased to see a gentle smile grace her features. All of a sudden he found himself feeling a whole sight better and relaxed a bit while resigning himself to seeing this through to the end. And make no mistake about it...it was surely looking as if that end might even turn out to be a favorable one after all.
Becky continued, “We have come here to bring many White Eye cattle to this grassland.”
The leader of the Utes furrowed his forehead as his eyebrows narrowed. “Why is this so? Why do you bring these animals to our land?”
“Because this is a good place to let them eat the grass that is all around. When they grow fat, we will take them someplace else and trade them to others. This is the way the White Eye uses to feed some of its people.”
“Why should my people let you do this thing? Maybe when these cattle animals are in the woods eating the grass...maybe my people will take them away to our village to feed our people.”
Becky grew thoughtful, but only briefly as a thought came to mind. “Yes...your people could do this, but if you do...this will cause trouble between us. But...but what if my people gave you some of these cattle animals to use to feed your women and children with when the snow is deep across the land and your hunters are unable to find the elk and the deer? Then you will not have to steal them and we will be good friends?”
The Ute showed the hint of a grin across his face before turning toward the others behind him. After a muffled conversation with his Ute brothers, the leader returned his attention to the White Eye woman.
“This is a good thing,” he said flatly. “We will eat your cattle animals and we will be friends.”
Becky sighed her relief and smiled. “You are a very wise warrior. What is your name?”
His chest puffed out noticeably. “I am called Sowiette. We are of the Southern Ute. Our Chief is called Ouray.”
It was easy for her to see that these were a proud people indeed. “I am happy to be your friend. I am called Becky and this...” she gestured, “is my man. He is called Seth. He is happy to be your friend, as well.” She then dismounted, and as she started to where Seth remained seated in the grass, Sowiette asked, “How many of your cattle animals will you give my people to eat?”
The smile remained across Becky’s lips. “How many people are in your village?”
*
After bidding the Utes farewell, Becky explained to Seth what had transpired. He was certainly pleased with the way she had handled things and knew that she had just saved his life and probably hers as well. He also told her that his pa was by nature a thankful sort and would surely honor the agreement once he had learned of it.
She then brought the extra mare to where he was, while he went about the unsavory chore of dispatching the one that had broken her leg in the prairie dog hole.
Chapter 21
Arriving back at the cabin, they were greeted with concerns once it became apparent that Seth was not completely up to snuff.
“What happened?” Jacob asked.
“My mare stepped in a hole and busted a leg,” Seth answered. “Sprained my ankle and landed on a rock,” he added.
“Yeah, but...that’s not the half of it,” Becky offered while Jacob and Will helped Seth down. “We had a run-in with a handful of Indians,” she informed them.
The concern became even more evident in their eyes, especially Emily’s.
“Are you two alright?” she asked.
“Yeah, we are...thanks to Becky. She was able to talk that Mexican lingo to them and they let us go.”
“Why in tarnation did they let the two of you go?” Jacob asked.
Becky told them the whole story about the deal she had made with the Ute leader, and even though Jacob wasn’t all that fond of giving away cattle, he surely understood the long term benefits of having an agreement with the local Indians. To his credit, he accepted the arrangement with all the grace and understanding the good Lord had blessed him with.
“Reckon that makes us neighbors with the locals,” he said and chuckled. “Who’d a thunk it?”
*
With Seth’s attempt to acquire fresh meat for the family now having been thwarted, Will and Sam took up the cause and went out looking. Becky remained by Seth’s side while he dealt with the aggravating pain that was associated with the injuries he had suffered. The slight pain in the middle of his back turned out to be nothing more than a bruise that they reasoned would heal all by itself in good time. But the sprained ankle was a bit of a different story and he and Becky spent a good portion of the remainder of that first day with him dangling his foot and ankle in the chilling waters of the mountain creek.
Once the lower portion of the limb was about as numb as it was apt to get, she wrapped it tightly in some linen strips while Jacob whittled out one of those underarm crutch contraptions that crippled folks favored using. Seth wasn’t at all favorable to being subjected to such goings-on, but accepted the necessity with a tongue in cheek attitude that did credit to the fetching-up lessons that had been instilled in him throughout every one of his eighteen plus years. Besides...what’s wrong with a fella getting made over once in a while? he reasoned.
Will and Sam returned a bit before dusk with a real nice four point buck laid across the withers in front of Will.
“Nice piece of meat,” Seth commented as he hobbled his way to the hitchrail that had been completed just the day before. “Where’dya get him?”
Will had already climbed down and had just finished tying up to the rail. “Over there in them hills to the east.” He gestured. “Seen a bunch of redskins, too. But they mighta been some of the same ones Becky had made that deal with earlier, because they kept their distance, although they did seem to have an interest in keeping tabs on us.” He then looked at Becky. “Reckon things could’ve been a whole sight worse if you hadn’t already made friends with them fellas.” He then reached out and gave her a heartfelt hug. “That little parlay you had with them most likely saved our bacon. That makes us beholdin’. Thanks for what you done.”
“You aren’t beholding to me or anyone else, for that matter,” she informed him. “Isn’t that what family is all about?” She glanced at Seth.
Seth slowly nodded his approval.
While Sam and Will unsaddled and put the horses away for the night, Jacob dragged the carcass over to the lone tree that stood at the side of the house where he went about preparing to hoist the buck up for skinning. With the help of Sarah and Becky, they got it done with Jacob and Seth making short work of pulling off the skin and wrapping the carcass in an old bedsheet that had long since been relegated to that purpose. With the meat now protected from an onslaught of hungry flies and other flying varmints, they washed up for the recently-announced evening meal.
The main topic of conversation around the supper table that evening was the sighting of the small band of Indians. It was decided that having the Utes on their side was a benefit that would make life a whole lot easier once the ranch was established and the ranchers were faced with riding out into the basin to tend the critters on a regular basis.
With their bellies now full of Sarah and Emily’s cooking, the mood was one of contentment and satisfaction for the way the Lord was looking out for each and every one of them. Of course, Seth having already been shot once and banged up from his fall from the mare, were now relegated to only minor occurrences that they all figured were nothing more than life as usual in their new wild and untamed frontier environment.
They turned in that night with a soothing peace of mind making falling off to sleep a snap.
*
Jacob jerked awake, while not at all sure what had forced him from his slumber. He listened into the night, but heard nothing. Despite that, he knew there had to have been something. A gnawing feeling in his gut prompted him to fold back the covers and swing his legs over the side.
He remained on the edge of the bed and continued to listen into the night until finally a sound reached his ears that prickled the hair on the back of his neck and sent a chill down his spine. He quickly found his trousers, pulled them on, and without even bothering to so much as put on a pair of socks, hurried to the front door where the shotgun was propped against the wall right next to it.
The commotion he was making had awakened Emily. “What is it, Jacob?” she asked guardedly.
He could make her out in the silvery moonlight that filtered into the room. She was standing in the entrance to their sleeping quarters.
“There’s something out there,” he whispered hoarsely. “I’m thinking it’s likely a bear that has designs on taking that deer out of the tree and taking it home with him.”
Just then, the others began to awaken, as well.
“What’s going on?” Sam asked.
Jacob had a hand poised on the door latch. “It sounds like there’s a bear out there what’s trying his darndest to snatch that deer away from us.”
Seth managed to get the crutch working well enough to join them. “If it’s a grizzly, I’d say just let him have it,” he suggested.
“Reckon that’d be a good idea,” Jacob agreed. “Ain’t nothing more cantankerous or dangerous than a wounded grizzly and in this light that could turn out to be a distinct possibility.”
The growling continued, and after ensuring that the scattergun was indeed loaded and ready to go, Jacob pulled the door open a bit and peeked out into the moonlight. He then pulled the door open the rest of the way and slowly made his way out into the night while pulling it closed behind him.
Those who remained behind quickly headed for the window on the tree side of the house and filled it with curious faces as they watched the developments unfold. They saw Jacob stoop down and pick something up off the ground. He then threw it at the black figure that had a hold on the deer carcass and was probably about to yank it from the tree.
The sudden noise caused by the object landing close by was enough to get the bear to let go of the sought-after prize and scamper away into the night. It was barely a few seconds more before Jacob reentered the cabin and propped the shotgun against the wall next to the door.
“It was a small black bear,” he said in answer to the unspoken question. “Probably a young sow with designs on feeding herself before holing up for the winter. Although I’d a thought they would have all been hibernating by now.”
“All but one would be my guess,” Sarah offered.
“Couple of you boys get dressed,” Jacob said. “I’m thinking we best be taking that carcass into one of the sheds and lock it safely away in case that sow didn’t get the true meaning of that stick being tossed her way.”
The fact that a bear would wander right up to the cabin served to reinforce the belief that not only was this a harsh place in the winter to set up housekeeping, but it was additionally a dangerous one, as well.
Chapter 22
The winter months came and went with nothing more to show for itself than intermittent days of cold blustery winds interlaced with a sprinkling of tolerable ones whenever the Lord saw fit to bless the countryside and its inhabitants with stretches of sunlight that not only warmed the basin, but the souls of those who lived there as well.
Along with the welcome arrival of the spring of 1860, came the need to stock the ranch with enough beef to make the whole thing worth while; that is to say about thirty or forty head of heifers and a good strong bull to get things off on the right foot. After talking with a few of the locals in Como, it was decided that the best way to accomplish that would be to equip one of the wagons with enough supplies to turn it into a chuck wagon. It was then decided that because Becky fancied herself a pretty good cook, she would be the one to handle that aspect of things while Will would remain behind to keep a protective eye out for Emily and Sarah. That left Jacob, Sam, and Seth to head over the mountains and make the return drive once they had acquired the desired herd.
Seth had completely recovered from his aggravating sprained ankle and he and Becky accompanied Jacob into Como to round up the needed supplies while Sam took the time to make a much-needed ride across the creek to the Carnes homestead to spend some time with Liz before they lit out.
While they were in town purchasing the needed supplies, the trio asked around and found out that the nearest place to buy cattle was in Georgetown. As it turned out, Georgetown had only recently been founded as a result of the discovery of gold in the area. It lay nestled on the valley floor toward the upper end of Clear Creek Canyon, in the Argentine Pass area.
Probably one of the most important aspects of the town, as far as the soon to be cattlemen of the Circle C were concerned, was the fact that it had a railroad track running through it. It also had stockyards and a depot for the trains to stop at and unload the much-needed cattle that was essential to feeding the miners who worked the mines scattered throughout the mountains between Fairplay and Jefferson.
They also learned that this was the perfect time of year to buy their cattle from the stockyards that, because of the fact that winter had just taken a back seat to the freshness of spring, were usually bulging at the seams.
While at the mercantile, they were fortunate enough to come across another customer who had made the trip on more than one occasion and was willing to point out some of the pitfalls that they would find themselves faced with once they got up into the serious parts of the mountains that lay between here and there. The things he was saying were confusing at best and Jacob had the forethought to ask him if he would scribble out some sort of map for them to follow. Well, the gent turned out to be a neighborly sort by the name of Herschel Sandstrom. He let them know that folks had long since taken to calling him Gold Pan and he preferred to just let it go at that.
The map he supplied them with was a sight more than just a scribble or two and detailed the route in such a way that they were ready to head out that very minute, but there were other things that needed tending before that could even be considered.
The next order of business was to purchase an extra horse for each of them and they headed for the blacksmith and livery at the head of the street.
Armed with the directions to Georgetown, as well as a complete understanding of the hardships they would be faced with, and not to mention the sorely needed extra horses, they finished up with gathering the needed supplies and returned to the ranch to load up the wagon and make their final preparations to hit the trail.
Sam returned from his visit with Liz at just about the same time they were ready to ride out.
“You manage to get your moon-eyed visiting all taken care of, did you?” Seth asked as Sam dismounted at the water trough.
Sam didn’t answer right away and instead busied himself with checking the cinch on the mare. Of course Seth knew that his brother was dealing with some inner feelings that...well, that might be better left to him to deal with on his own.
“You know that I surely do hate leaving that gal behind, don’t you?” he asked, after turning to face Seth.
“Eh...yeah...reckon I do.”
“So what’s wrong with having two cooks along on the journey?”
“What?”
“I said—”
“Yeah, I heard you?”
“And?”
“And what?”
“And what’dya think?”
Seth grinned. “About what?”
“You’re just funnin’ me...right?”
“Look, Sam.” Seth placed an understanding hand atop Sam’s shoulder. “I know exactly where you’re coming from. Heck...if I couldn’t have Becky along, I-I don’t know if I could keep my mind on what needed tending to. So...”
This time it was Sam’s turn to spread a wry grin. “So, what? What are you thinking?”
“Sooo...what I’m thinking is...well...first off we’ll need to sell pa on the idea. After that we need to somehow get Liz’s parents to allow it.”
Sam nodded slowly...thoughtfully. He looked into his brother’s eyes, sighed heavily, and said, “Well then...that being the case...” He held an upraised, outstretched palm out toward the cabin. “After you, brother.”
*
Pa was relatively easy to deal with, mainly because he knew the abilities of him and his sons. That alone was enough to ensure the safety of not only Becky, but Liz as well, if Wally and Elizabeth agreed top let her to go along. With that way of thinking stuck right there on the front edge of their way of thinking...you know...right there behind their foreheads, they postponed their planned departure and all three made the short ride across the creek to the Carnes’ homestead.
Elizabeth waved her greeting as they approached.
Liz was inside the cabin tending to the noonday dishes, and as soon as the sounds of approaching horses had reached her ears, she undid her apron, used it to dry her hands in, tossed it onto the back of a handy chair, and scurried outside to join her mother. The smile on her face said that she was certainly glad to see Sam again so soon.
“Hello, Mrs. Carnes,” Jacob said and tipped his hat.
“Elizabeth, please,” she replied and took ahold of his mare’s bridle.
He smiled. “Sure thing...Elizabeth.” He dismounted and glanced around the immediate area. “Is Wally around?”
“I’m not sure. I think he’s off somewhere down the creek doing his usual.”
“He finding any color?”
She smiled. “Some, but certainly not enough to call it a strike.”
Jacob glanced at Sam and Liz. It was easy to see that they were oblivious to what was being said. “I...we need to have a talk with him,” Jacob continued.
“About what...if it’s any of my business?”
Jacob told her what they had in mind and to everyone’s delight she wasn’t totally against the notion. Once he had finished, Elizabeth looked into Liz’s hopeful expression while realizing the implications of what putting her and Sam out there on the trail together could lead to.
“If you men will excuse us...I’d like to have a private talk with Liz,” she said into Liz’s now pleading eyes.
“Whatever you say, Mrs. Carnes,” Sam said and nudged Liz toward her.
Liz was reluctant, but knew she had no other choice but to see this through to the end. She gave him a peck on the cheek and resigned herself to the lecture that she knew to be forthcoming.
The men busied themselves with looking both ways up and down the creek in an effort to spot Wally, while Liz and her ma disappeared into the cabin. Once inside, things were awkward, to say the least. Not a single word passed between them while the women took seats across from one another at the eating table. Their eyes met and locked.
Finally Elizabeth spoke, “You truly do love him, don’t you?”
Liz’s eyes were already moist and glassy. “More than life itself,” she replied, just above a whisper.
Elizabeth placed a hand atop her daughter’s. “You’ve been playing with the notion of someday marrying him...haven’t you?”
Liz looked into her mother’s eyes and let the tears show her sincerity. “The sooner the better, ma. He’s a wonderful man and makes me feel like I’ve never felt before.”
“And how would that be? How does he make you feel?”
They remained silent for a while as Liz thought that one over. Finally a gentle smile graced her lips and she looked straight across the table into her mother’s eyes. “Ma...he makes me feel like...like I’m the most important person in this whole wonderful world that the Lord has created. He makes me want to be a better person, one that will do for him in the ways you’ve taught me over the years.” She paused as the thoughts of making a life with Sam Clarkson swirled all around her.
“Does he ever tell you that he loves you,” Elizabeth asked softly, as the thought of one of the things that was sorely missing from her and Wally’s marriage popped up from right out of the blue.
Liz easily saw the hurt in her ma’s eyes. “More times than should be humanly possible, mother,” she replied with heartfelt sincerity. “I wouldn’t have a man who didn’t see the need to not only make me feel loved, but wasn’t afraid to say it more than once a year on our wedding anniversary.” She then rose and went around to the other side of the table where she knelt beside her mother. She took ahold of both of her mother’s hands, and with a wisdom that seemed well beyond her seventeen years, said, “The Bible says that the Lord gives each man the opportunity to be with the one woman that is truly meant for only him. You and pa both need to know that I am that woman for Sam Clarkson and will be until the day I die.” She then rose.
Elizabeth rose as well and they embraced. They held one another for a good while, until finally Liz drew back to arm’s length and they looked into each other’s tear-filled eyes.
Finally, Elizabeth said what was on the both of their minds, “I guess all that remains now is to tell your pa that it’s time he let his daughter go out into the world and build a life for herself. And about all he can do about it is to hope and pray that he raised her right.”
Liz spread a wide smile. “Amen to that!” she said and again hugged her mother.
Chapter 23
It was a bit tougher to convince pa, but convince him they did, and the Carnes’ made the ride the next morning to the Clarkson’s spread with a carpetbag of things bulging at the seams in front of Liz.
Everyone came out of the cabin to greet them and Liz tossed the carpetbag onto the ground, dismounted, and fell into Sam’s arms. If there had been any lingering doubts about the way the pair felt toward one another, they were dispelled right then and there as they unashamedly kissed one another right there in front of God and everybody. Elizabeth, Becky, Emily, and Sarah were all smiles, but the men were mostly just fidgety about the whole thing. Wally did the best he could to hide the hurt in his eyes as he looked away while taking his sweet time about climbing down from his mare.
The attempt by Wally to hide his emotions hadn’t completely escaped Seth’s notice. As soon as the pair of lovebirds had let go of one another, he sided up to Sam and whispered, “You need to go say something to Mister Carnes.”
Sam looked Wally’s way, only to see him looking the other way. “You reckon?” he asked, looking back at Seth.
“Yeah...I reckon. He’s showing some concerns and needs to be reassured that she’ll be safe out there on the trail with us.”
Sam nodded and headed for Wally.
“Eh...Mister Carnes, sir?” he said once he had reached Wally’s back.
Wally turned to face him. “Yeah...and just what do you have to say for yourself, boy?” he asked gruffly.
Sam wasn’t at all ready for the question...not even close, and especially in the brusque manner in which it was delivered. “I-I...eh...” he stammered. With Mr. Carnes giving him the evil eye, Sam found his tongue while forcing to the side what he really wanted to say. “Mister Carnes, all I want to say to you is that I love Liz about as much as is humanly possible for any man to love a woman. And right along with that goes the assurance that I’ll take real good care of her while we’re gone.” He paused to let that sink in.
“And after you all get back...what then?” Wally asked. “Then this whole foolishness will go away?”
Sam grinned. “Not even close, sir. Not even close.” With that, Sam spun in the balls of his feet and left Wally standing there open mouthed and wondering why it was that that insolent boy reminded his so much of himself a few years back. Only then did he realize that Sam Clarkson was indeed the exact right person for his daughter. He allowed a gentle smile to come to his lips and turned away to tend to leading his mare to the trough for a drink.
*
With their departure having already been delayed long enough, they were eager to get on the trail. The wagon had long since been loaded and Sam tossed Liz’s carpetbag over the tailgate. It bounced to rest in the exact right place he had intended and he smiled his satisfaction.
He then went around to the front and reached out a hand toward Liz. “You ready for the time of your life?” he asked.
“I was ready about fourteen Tuesdays ago,” she replied and accepted the helping hand. With his assistance, she climbed aboard the wagon and settled in next to Becky who was already reaching for the bundle of reins.
Wally had decided to allow Liz to keep the mare with her, and after having removed the saddle and stowing it away for safe keeping in the very back of the wagon, he made short work of tying the animal to the rear. It was then that the final good-byes were said and Becky snapped the reins against the nearest pair of rumps.
“Hup! Hup! Get up there!” she said forcefully, and whistled through her teeth.
Seth had never before heard a woman whistle through her teeth and grinned while the procession headed out to the northeast toward Jefferson and points beyond.
After talking with the folks in Como, the best that any of them could reckon, Jefferson was only about ten miles or so away and shouldn’t prove to give them any problems getting there. There were a few streams to cross, the two highest-running ones had bridges built across them, while the lesser ones, it was figured, could be easily forded.
They pushed hard and arrived at the outskirts of Jefferson right as dusk was making a play for taking over what was left of the day. The men made camp while Becky and Liz prepared the evening meal. Had there been any lingering doubts regarding the decision to bring both of the women along, they were forgotten right from the first bite of venison stew that had finally been coaxed into tender completion.
It went without saying that the wait proved to be well worth it. They all turned in with full stomachs and contented smiles that attested to the fact that they were finally on their way to doing something about what had up until then been just a dream...a dream that had come to mind so long ago out there on those windswept Kansas plains.
*
The travelers were early risers, and by the time the sun had popped its head above the crest to the east, the breakfast had been eaten and the cookware and utensils had already been cleaned and put away. The next order of business was to hitch up the team and saddle the riding stock. The four extra horses were linked together with Sam leading two and Seth the others. In this fashion they resumed the journey and rode through Jefferson without a backward glance.
After crossing the bridge that spanned Jefferson Creek, they began the slow climb up Kenosha Pass, while fording a couple of lesser streams in the process. Remembering the map that Gold Pan had drawn for them back in Como, they came to the spot where the trail turned to the southeast and worked its way around a particularly rocky outcropping until it skirted the obstacle and eventually crested the very top of the pass itself.
Once on the other side, they made a lazy turn to the northeast and descended the pass while riding alongside Kenosha Creek until finally rolling into the gold mining camp of Webster that lay situated at the confluence of Kenosha Creek and the North Fork of the South Platte River.
It had been a tiring day and they settled on a flat spot along the riverbank that was about as picturesque and pleasant as anything they had seen since the journey had begun. They also took the precaution of hobbling the horses in a small nearby meadow that showed grass high enough to tickle the belly on the shortest of the horses.
*
After a good night’s rest and a hardy breakfast that again got the men to thanking their lucky stars for the talents of Becky and Liz, they covered the three miles or so to the next gold camp on the map. After passing through Grant, they left the comforts of the South Platte River behind as the trail split off and headed north toward the much more difficult, and lofty, Guanella Pass.
They had gone only about a mile or so when they came to what the map indicted was Geneva Creek. They followed it until it forked off to the left and they found themselves along the bank of Duck Creek. They stopped for a breather and enjoyed one another’s company over some hardtack biscuits and freshly-boiled hot coffee.
Once the horses were well rested, they doused the fire, mounted up, and set out up the steep incline that would eventually find them on top of Guanella.
This part of the journey was the hardest yet, but according to Gold Pan’s map, it was far from the steepest or most difficult. It was also noted along one edge of the map that the Utes were known to frequent this part of the trail and for them to keep a sharp eye out.
The air grew colder as they gained altitude, but there were no storm clouds and their coats served well in keeping them comfortable.
There were stretches where the trail narrowed and grew even steeper, but it had been well traveled and from that they knew that it was indeed passable. They continued with steadfast resolve with Becky handling the team as well as any of the men could have. The next thing they knew, they had arrived at a beauty of a crystal clear mountain lake that Gold Pan had indicated was named Duck Lake. He’d told them that it was a favorite spot for travelers in both directions to layover if it was getting late in the day.
Although dusk was still a few hours off, they were bushed and figured the horses could use a rest, as well. With that in mind, they found a good spot and made camp for the night. The clearing they hd settled on was one that had been used before, and not too long ago from the looks of it. The fire ring was still intact and there were even a supply of unused fire wood stacked right next to it. While Seth built a fire from what was already available, Sam went off to fetch some more wood, while Jacob and the women tended the horses.
Despite being worn to a frazzle, neither Becky nor Liz complained and went about preparing a supper that was fit for a king. It wasn’t all that long before the meal was ready, and after some words had been said over the vittles, they all dug in like a pack of hungry wolves.
“Might on the nippy side up here in this high country,” Seth commented between mouthfuls. He laid his fork on the edge of the plate and tugged his coat collar a mite farther up around his ears. “You see them mountains along both sides of this stretch? Reckon they’s still a few thousand feet above us.” He went back to shoveling in another mouthful of the grub.
“Reckon we still got us a ways to go before we reach the pass,” Sam said. “Sure is a shur-nuf blessing, though, that there aren’t any storms in the area. If there was, we’d be hard pressed to even make it as far as we have.” He looked at Pa. “How far you reckon the top of that pass is?” he asked and took a bite off a biscuit.
Jacob reached for his cup of coffee and took a good swallow. “I’m feeling sure that it ain’t but about a mile or two from here. Leastways, that’s the way I read the map. Of course a fella can’t be too sure when he’s drawing a map from memory. Might even be five miles for all we know.”
The conversation was suddenly interrupted by a male voice, “Hello in the camp!”
This was no time to be foolish and the men quickly let the supper plates rest on the ground beside them, while Liz and Becky scampered away to the protection of the underside of the wagon.
With gun in hand, and backed-up by his sons, Jacob answered. “How many are you?”
“Just one! Can I ride in? If I ain’t mistaken...that’s fresh hot coffee I’m smelling!”
Jacob relaxed a bit. “You boys keep your guns handy and stay on your toes,” he cautioned softly. “Ride on in, but keep your hands in plain sight!”
It didn’t take long for the sounds of shuffling hooves and squeaking saddle leather to reach their ears. In no time at all, a mounted figure appeared from the direction they knew the trail to be. Behind him was a squat little mare, laden with a canvass-covered load that was most likely the gent’s supplies.
Once he was well inside the clearing, the man reined to a stop and tipped the brim of his hat. “Howdy,” he offered pleasantly. He appeared to be a tall man and was dressed in a dark suit with a light-colored shirt that lent an air of respectability to his appearance. “Mind if I get down?” he asked, but didn’t make a move to do so and thereby risk infringing on their hospitality.
Jacob glanced toward the wagon and saw that Becky and Liz were already feeling safe enough to make their way out from under it. “Sure...climb down and come on in,” he said and put his pistol away. He was pleased to see that Sam and Seth had taken the precaution of keeping their guns in hand, despite having lowered the business ends slightly toward the ground.
The man climbed down stiffly and let the rein trail in the grass. He gave the dark-colored mare a few pats on her neck and approached the fire. He then squatted on his haunches and extended his hands out toward the much-appreciated warmth.
“You et yet?” Jacob asked.
The man shook his head and removed his hat, placing it upside down in the dirt by the fire. He appeared to have a few years on him...maybe close to fifty would be a good guess. His hair, although long enough to touch his shoulders in the back, was streaked with gray—mostly along the sides—but it was easy to see that he tended to use a brush on it from time to time.
“Not since noon,” he said and smiled a toothy smile that sent rivulets of crinkles to appearing at the corners of his eyes.
“I’ll get another plate,” Liz offered and headed for the back of the wagon.
“You got a name?” Jacob asked.
The man showed a slight grin and stuck out a hand. “Name’s Harold Stockman, and as the Lord would have it, that’s exactly what I am...a stockman I mean.”
The gent’s smile was disarming and Jacob relaxed a bit more. “Not much call for stockmen up here on the tops of these mountains,” Jacob noted.
“There is when...” He paused as the plate and coffee cup arrived and he hungrily watched them both being filled with the generosity he had been hoping to see. He then accepted the cup and took a good swig of the hot liquid while he waited for the plate. He then placed the cup on the ground beside him and graciously accepted the plate from the young lady. “Thank you, ma’am,” he said cordially, and showed her one of his best smiles.
“You’re quite welcome, sir,” Liz replied and lowered herself to the grass beside Sam.
They all waited patiently while the gent took the time to knock the edge off his hunger. After having taken enough bites to get that out of the way, he swallowed a couple gulps from the cup and looked around the circle of faces, stopping on Becky’s while he greeted her. “Pleased to make your acquaintance, ma’am,” he offered and nodded once.
She wordlessly returned the gesture.
“So...where were we?” he asked, looking at Jacob. “Oh, yeah. You were commenting about the lack of need for a stock contractor up here on the mountain tops.”
Jacob nodded. “That I was,” he said with a bit of interest showing through.
“Am I to detect a measure of interest in your tone?” Stockman asked.
“Might could, I reckon. Fact is...we’re on our way to Georgetown to see about buying a few head.”
Another pleasant smile appeared across Stockman’s lips as he arched an inquisitive eyebrow. “You folks wouldn’t be the same ones who took up homesteads down there just a ways south of Como, would you?”
“Why you asking?” Seth wanted to know.
“Well...because...” He paused to shovel in a few more bites of some of the best tasting beans he’d had in a long while. He then picked up the hunk of venison and after clenching it between his teeth, twisted off a good-sized bite. He dropped the steak back onto his plate, and using the back of his hand, wiped the excess from around his mouth. “Because if you are...” he said around the mouthful, “you’re the reason I made the ride all the way up here in the first place.” He swallowed hard and washed the lump that was threatening to get caught up in his throat down with the last of the coffee.
Liz reached for the nearly-empty pot and refilled the cup he held out to her.
He smiled at her. “Thank you,” he said.
She nodded once.
Seth again took up the cause, “You saying—?”
“What I’m saying is that I heard about a family of homesteaders who have an interest in starting up a cattle ranching endeavor down there in the South Park Basin.” He gestured down the mountainside.
“Well, you heard right,” Jacob informed him. “My name’s Jacob Clarkson.” Jacob leaned over and the two shook hands. “These faces around the fire are either members of that cattle-ranching family, or soon will be. He looked first at Becky, then Liz as he gave each of them his best fatherly smile. Both of their faces flushed as they suddenly became attentive to the hands they held folded in their laps.
“And these two strapping lookalikes are my boys, Seth and Sam.” He respectively pointed each of them out as he said their names. “Don’t worry about trying to tell them apart. Most of the time they don’t even know one from the other their ownselves. I reckon that all that matters is that these two young women are able to keep them straight.”
The conversation continued and became even friendlier after the boys had put away their pistols. As it turned out, Harold Stockman was the type of businessman that once he got on the trail of a possible new client, he was prone to taking the bull by the horns...so to speak, and get their business before someone else beat him to it. This had, over the years, proven beneficial to his way of doing business and this instance was no different. Jacob, on the same hand, was the sort of man who admired a go-getter attitude and straightforward manner of doing business, as well.
It didn’t take long for the two of them to hit it off and grow at ease with one another, with the fellowship continuing well into the dark hours. With a sense of wellbeing now taking the edge off the previously unknown expectations of the trip to Georgetown, all that was pushed aside as Harold Stockman was accepted into the fold and rode with them for the remainder of the way to Georgetown.
Chapter 24
They reined up atop the crest of a ridge that overlooked Georgetown and marveled at the picturesque setting that stretched out below them. The town was nestled in a narrow valley with an easily-visible roadway snaking its way along the entire length of its west side. A ribbon of railway tracks ran alongside the road and disappeared through a cut in the steep mountains that loomed along the west side of the valley. There were a couple dozen buildings, some of which had been whitewashed. Near the southern end of the town was a collection of corrals that even from where the onlookers were perched, it was easy to see that they were crammed full of cattle. The eastern side of the valley was blessed to have a good-sized lake that pulled the whole thing together in a manner that must have made the Lord proud enough to nearly bust his buttons once he had finished creating it.
Once they had reckoned that it was high time they made the descent, Becky eased the wagon over the edge of the steep decline and used the brake to lock the rear wheels. Sam and Seth had latched onto the tail end of the wagon with their ropes. They had taken a couple of wraps around their respective saddlehorns and were now leaned back against the stirrups in an effort to keep their mares on task. In this fashion, they safely made the descent without mishap and unwound the ropes once they were on safer ground at the bottom. Jacob had remained out of the way with all four of the extra horses in tow behind him. Harold brought up the rear along with his squat little pack mare.
The procession was then rearranged with the difference being that Harold was now leading the way toward the south end of town where the corrals were situated. As they grew nearer the stockyards their noses were being assaulted with the ever present smells that were a usual part of an operation of this size and nature.
A train whistle sounded and Becky pulled the wagon to a halt. She had never before seen a train and wasn’t about to pass up the opportunity. They sat atop their horses in awe as the steam-breathing contraption made its appearance from the cut in the mountains and approached the town amidst a clamoring of steam, the high-pitched screeching of metal, and insistent clanging of a bell, all of which got the horses to dancing around in nervous anticipation with fright-filled eyes and flaring nostrils.
As it approached the depot that sat right alongside some of the corrals, the black steam breathing monster slowed even more with a final screeching as the wheels spun backwards and then almost gently, by contrast, rolled slowly forward until they stopped completely. The engine then sighed heavily as a voluminous rush of steam engulfed the engine in a white cloud that dissipated as quickly as it had appeared. After that, all that remained was the pleasant, almost musical clanging of the bell as it too slowed and eventually grew silent.
“Wow!” Becky exclaimed. “Just seeing that was worth the price of making this whole trip!”
Harold hipped around in the saddle with a hand braced against the candle for support. He laughed out loud. “I’ve probably seen that a thousand times before, but that is just about the same way I’d describe it.”
“My goodness gracious,” Liz said, almost wistfully. “That was surely some sight alright.”
“Either of you ladies in the market for a bath?” Harold asked and grinned knowingly.
“Is the sky blue?” Becky replied.
Harold laughed again and gently nudged his mare with the heels of his boots.
They circled the lake and passed by the corrals while doing their best to keep their breathing as shallow as possible. Once past, they were thankful for the gentle breeze that usually made its way through the valley, especially when you take into consideration that they now found themselves thankfully upwind of the stockyards.
At Mr. Stockman’s direction, Becky steered the team off the main street and into an area at the side of the livery that provided ample shade for the animals. She shoved the brake handle forward with a booted foot and wound the bundle of reins around the handle in a half hitch of leather that wasn’t about to work its way loose.
The men had already dismounted and Seth and Sam were there Johnny-on-the-spot to assist the women down from their lofty perches on the wagon seat. If there had been any lingering doubts as to the toll the wagon seat had been taking on their backsides, those doubts was quickly tossed aside as both Becky and Liz went about the rewarding task of rubbing the numbness from the fleshy sides of their back pockets.
Right about then, a brawny sort of fella appeared from around front of the livery and greeted them, “I can see that you folks are new to town. You planning on staying or you just need your stock tended to while you’re here?”
Jacob stepped forward. “Howdy, Mister,” he said and stuck out his hand.
Harold did the introductions, “Jake...this gent is Jacob...eh...?”
“Clarkson,” Jacob reminded him.
“Jacob Clarkson,” Harold continued.
“Howdy, Jake,” Jacob offered.
The two men shook hands with Jacob feeling the power in the grip of a hard-working man that’d most likely do credit to a beaver setting up housekeeping in a high-mountain, stream-fed pond.
The blacksmith, Jake Rathbone, it turned out, had been one of the first souls to set up camp right at the beginning of Georgetown’s development—which by the way had been only a scant ten months prior. But with the discovery of gold in the surrounding mountains by a couple of prospector brothers from Kentucky, George and David Griffith, it hadn’t taken long for the seekers to flood into the area and slap together enough buildings so that it could be called a town. It wasn’t long after that that the town was named Georgetown in honor of the older of the two brothers which it turned out had actually been the one to find the gold in the first place.
After agreeing to pay Jake two dollars for unhitching the team and strapping a feedbag of oats on the faces of each of the animals, they left him to do what had been requested. Harold then led the newcomers a ways down the street to a bathhouse that fit their needs about the same as the skin did on a rattler.
After his bath, Jacob and Harold met at the corrals with the smell that saturated the air all around them dishing out the definite feeling to Jacob that maybe he hadn’t even had that bath at all. Or at the very least...maybe he would soon find himself in need of another one.
Sam and Seth were content to stroll hand in hand with Becky and Liz as they took in the sights of the town. What with a good portion of the sidewalks not having been built as yet, coupled with a recent rain that had sloppied-up the street, the going was less than what might be considered ideal, but they didn’t much care; just being together was ideal enough for all of them.
Once they reached the far end of the street, the two couples decided to separate, with Seth and Becky opting for the area down by the lake and Sam and Liz content to retrace their steps while she window shopped her way back toward the bathhouse.
The lake was indeed a good choice as Seth and Becky walked slowly along the shoreline with the birds chirping happily and the gentle breeze swaying the foliage in near-perfect time to their steps. They meandered in silence, while sharing the contentment that is born of true love. From time to time Seth would notice a flat stone that was just lying on the shore minding its own business. He would pause long enough to skip it across the surface of the lake. He was always pleased whenever one was tossed just right and created a trail of gentle splashes as it skipped away from them in a slight arch to the right.
“Seth?” she asked, while he was watching his latest effort fall short.
He turned to face her. “Yeah.”
“When do you think we’ll be able to finally get married?”
The question was full up to the brim with the promise of a long and happy life together, and he wasn’t about to shy away from it. “I-I’ve been thinking right along those same lines myself, Becky.”
“Nothing else seems to matter to me anymore,” she said, and after closing her eyes, sighed wistfully.
“Same here,” he assured here.
“And have you been able to come up with anything I want to hear?”
He smiled and took her face between his hands. “Becky...nothing would please me more than to marry you right this instant, but...”
“But what?”
“But before we get married, I want us to have everything that goes right along with married life.”
“Like what?” she asked and smiled coyly.
He returned a grin of his own. “That, too, but that’s not what I’m talking about.”
“Well, what then?”
“I-I want us to have a home all built and ready to move into when the time comes.”
She nodded slowly. “So do I,” she admitted. “But that’s not to say that I won’t be chomping at the bit until that blessed day arrives.” She smiled lovingly, and cocked her face a bit sideways while closing her eyes.
The kiss was both tender and heartfelt. To anyone who might have been standing nearby and was fortunate enough to see the union, it might have appeared to be nothing short of God’s plans for everyone. Not just the one that promises the assurance of eternal life, but another, and maybe the most important of all while we are still a part of His creation...that being a contented peace on earth.
*
There wasn’t a whole lot of interest for a young lady in the window dressings of the shops in a gold mining town, but there were a few items that managed to strike Liz’s fancy.
They had paused in front of a window that showed a particularly interesting patterned set of dishes that would surely do well whenever company came by to visit and share a meal with them. She leaned her back against him as he encircled his arms around her.
“You like them dishes...don’t you?” he asked into the back of her hair.
She twisted around to better look up at him. “Yeah, I do.”
“Maybe that’ll be your wedding present some day.”
She pushed up onto tippee-toes. “Promise?” she asked and closed her eyes.
He craned his neck a bit and they shared a kiss that helped to seal the bargain of things to come.
She lowered herself back down. “Do you think Pa will ever consent to us getting married?” she asked.
“From what I’ve seen of your mother’s way of thinking just before we left the ranch, I’d say he won’t have much choice in the matter...if any at all.”
They grinned at one another.
“That may be true enough, but I’d still prefer it if we had his blessing. He may not be a steadfast Christian, but that don’t mean he doesn’t know the meaning of having a blessing bestowed upon a marriage. Whether it be God’s blessing or a pa’s blessing don’t make much of a difference. I’m thinking that once you get one, the other will follow along in due time.”
“You’re right as rain about that, Liz, and I’m of a mind that it’s my duty to see that they both come about.”
She kissed him again. “You’re surely a good man, Sam Clarkson,” she purred into his eyes after they had parted.
“I certainly do admire your taste in men, little missy.”
*
Jacob and Harold Stockman had finally managed to reach an equitable agreement that would benefit the both of them. All the money Jacob had brought along on the trip was just a bit over six-hundred dollars...six-hundred and thirty-seven to be exact. He had planned on a reasonable price of around fourteen dollars a head for forty heifers, with fifty dollars then available for a stout bull with a bit of stamina about him. That would amount to a sum total of six-hundred and ten dollars.
But as the day wore on, the bargaining turned in Jacob’s favor once he had pointed out that his ranch was the first ever to set up housekeeping in all of South Park. With that fact for use as a bargaining tool, he assured Harold that in time there would undoubtedly be other ranchers willing to take the same chance and move to the area with the thought of their gold being of the hoof-and-tail-bearing variety, rather than the what’s-in-the-pan way of looking at things. Once that became a reality, it would be up to Jacob to steer them Harold’s way when it came to purchasing the stock with which to supply their ranches.
Of course, what with Harold Stockman being a look-into-the-future kind of businessman, he right away liked the long range potential associated with the deal and sold Jacob sixty heifers at the rock-bottom price of just ten dollars a head and threw in the bull as added insurance that Jacob would prove successful in his endeavor.
Jacob took about a second and a half to accept the deal and peeled off the six-hundred in cash money, while saving himself ten dollars in the process. In addition, he got twenty extra heifers that he hadn’t been counting on; then there was the free and clear sturdy bull that from the looks of him would do justice to any man’s cattle ranching endeavor.
With the sale having been agreed upon, they drew up the papers and signed them that very afternoon.
Chapter 25
The following morning proved to be a bit on the weather-threatening side as an approaching storm had taken over the sky with dank, gray clouds that hung down to a level that from the looks of them hit the mountains at what was right about mid waist. Not feeling at all receptive to making the drive back over the passes under what was sure to be less than ideal conditions, Jacob elected to remain in Georgetown for another day or two in hopes of the weather clearing.
With the money he had saved in the deal with Stockman, he decided to use some of it to help make the nuisance of having to wait out the storm as comfortable as possible. With that in mind he took a couple of rooms at what served as the local hotel, but in actuality turned out to be nothing more than partitioned off areas in the rather spacious attic above the feed store.
The gent that owned the place was a pipsqueak of a fella, with black horn-rimmed eyeglasses and an elongated nose that pretty much assured him that the spectacles would never fall from his face unexpectedly. But on the good side, he was a fella who aimed to please and graciously moved cots around from some of the other sleeping areas until each of his guests had a bed of their own.
With Becky and Liz having gotten set up to share one of the rooms, and Jacob and the boys set up in the other, they braved the chilling, whipping winds and made the trek to a scant little cafe of sorts that was the only eatery in town. Once there, they enjoyed a hot meal that not only got them to forgetting their problems, but laid a handful of contented smiles across their faces, as well.
*
To their delight the morning arrived with only a single fluffy white cloud marring an otherwise completely blue sky. Anxious to get the herd headed up the pass toward home, they packed up their belongings and hurried to the cafe. After Sam had asked the Lord’s blessing on the meal, as well as His protective hand being placed on each of them, they relaxed their manners a bit and devoured the food in quick fashion before heading for the livery.
With the horses having grown accustomed to the luxuries of the livery, they were reluctant to get back to work and it took a good bit of coaxing, nudging, and downright heavy-handed pushing and shoving to get the team into the desired positions for ease of harnessing and hitching them to the wagon. But by shear strength in numbers, Jacob and the boys ganged up on each one in turn and were finally able to come up with the desired cooperation from the animals. Once the team was harnessed and ready to go, the riding stock was saddled and everyone climbed up.
They made the short ride to the holding corral over on the stockyard side of the tracks and were pleased to see that not only was Harold Stockman there to greet them, but he had already had the bull and sixty heifers counted out and waiting patiently in one of the larger corrals.
Jacob tipped his hat as he and the others approached the smiling stock contractor.
Harold graciously returned the gesture.
The riders reined up while Becky stopped the wagon a good ways short of the corral.
“Looks like you already have the cattle all counted out and separated,” Jacob said and tilted his head toward the holding corral.
“That I have,” Harold replied. “Figured you boys might be in a bit of a hurry to get on the trail, so I took the liberty.”
“Good thinking,” Jacob said. “Much obliged.” He tipped his hat again and chuckled. “You mind opening the gate or you figure your job’s done?”
Harold approached the mare and stuck out his hand. “I guess I still have enough left in me to open the gate for a friend.” The smile on his face was genuine. “Guess I’ll see you again when you’re ready to sell off the first batch, huh?”
“That you will, Harold, but I don’t think it’ll happen unless we first get that gate open...” again he tilted his head toward the corral, “and push these girlies over those mountains to their new home.”
Jacob leaned down from the back of his mare and they shook hands.
“You take care, Jacob,” Harold said sincerely. “Good friends are hard to come by in this part of the country.”
“You take care, yourself, Harold.”
It only took about two shakes for Harold to get the gate open and the whole mood changed just as quickly. One of the hands that worked the cattle slipped inside and began “Hee-yaing.” the heifers from the security of the enclosure. Once outside, Jacob and the boys bunched them up and got them started meandering in the desired direction.
With the bunch of heifers nowhere near having any trail savvy, getting them organized and willing to listen to reason was akin to pulling teeth on a rabid skunk using a pair of fourteen-inch hoof nippers. Plain and simple...it wasn’t going any too good. But the Clarksons remained steadfast in their intent and eventually managed to get the herd headed up the mountainside toward Guanella Pass.
With the steepness of the trail being what it was, the four-up was having a hard time of it. Despite Becky’s every effort, they were struggling to the point where it just wasn’t getting done. With that in mind, Sam and Seth hooked up to the wagon with a couple of ropes and used the added strength of their mares to assist the team in finally getting the difficult job done.
After having successfully bested that obstacle, Jacob decided that the next time they returned to the yards, it would either be with a six-up pulling the chuckwagon or the wagon would better be left at the top side of that grade.
They continued the climb for the rest of that day and most of the next. The herd had settled in and stayed bunched while Jacob took the lead out front with Seth and Sam riding drag just ahead of the wagon.
With the familiarity of the route fresh in the minds of the drovers, the trek continued to go well with the animals having already resigned themselves to the drudgery of placing one foot in front of the other. Or maybe it was placing two feet in front of the others...or maybe even one foot in front of the other three, or however it is that cattle cover ground. In any case, Guanella Pass came and went and they found themselves along Duck Creek with Mount Evans looming high above them to the east.
They made camp that evening with the herd bedded down in a sheltered meadow that was lush with knee-high grass. Then there was the added benefit of the rippling waters of nearby Duck Creek as it put out a calming serenade that would dwarf the attempts of a singing night rider.
They sat around the cook fire that evening with a sense of contentment at what had been accomplished to this point; the trek all the way out from Sand Hill out on the eastern Kansas plains, the building of the ranch house and out buildings, and now...the near completion of driving the first bunch of heifers into the South Park Basin. Yes, sir...it had been quite a dream to begin with and still a mite hard to believe that it was right on the verge of becoming a reality.
The conversation turned to the relationships that had blossomed between the brothers and their women. Jacob had been keeping his eyes and ears open during the trip to Georgetown and was surely pleased that his sons had managed to find such fine examples of womanhood who it was plain to see, loved the both of them unconditionally. There was no doubt in his mind that they would someday make the boys faithful, loving wives and bear him a whole passel of grandchildren. He’d been thinking on that as of late and liked the idea more and more with each passing day. He looked over to where Liz and Sam were huddled together. “You two still on course to marry?” he asked from right out of the blue.
Liz grinned. “Just as soon as the law and my pa will allow,” she said and straining upward, gave Sam a peck on his cheek.
Jacob smiled his favor with her way of thinking. He then looked to Seth. “You and Becky have plans along those same lines, do you?”
“Yes, Pa, we do, but with a bit more level-headedness about us.” He looked at Liz before continuing, “Just as soon as we get this herd settled in, we plan to first get busy with building us a house to move into.”
Jacob liked what he was hearing. “You have a particular spot in mind?”
“Yes, sir, we do. We been talking about that knoll just west of the bend in the creek.”
Jacob nodded thoughtfully. “Good choice. Always does a fella proud to have his house on high ground if the creek decides to rise up above flood level. Yes, sir...good choice, indeed.”
Becky was sitting beside Seth and now latched onto his arm and hugged it to her. “Once the house is built...we’ll be finding us a preacher to say the words,” she informed everyone...as if they didn’t already know.
“You two have any plans to talk to that preacher about eternal life in the hereafter?” Jacob asked into her eyes.
“Yes, Mister Clarkson, we surely do.” She looked up into Seth’s eyes. “The both of us have been paying attention to the goings-on around us and we figure we could use a good helping of what the rest of you have in your hearts.”
“Well amen, brother!” Sam offered from behind a huge smile. “Now maybe folks will start thinking we’re getting to be somewhat alike.”
Of course, that got the chuckling to making the rounds.
Liz scooted in closer to Sam. “Sure do wish I could instill some of that way of thinking in my Pa. He’s just a contrary old coot without more than two religious bones in his entire body.
“Don’t be too sure about that,” Jacob said and smiled at her. “The Lord goes about his business in peculiar ways sometimes. Heck...I’ve known times when he just up and saves folks from right out of the clear blue...and without even giving them the least little bit of warning, either.”
Sam looked down at her. “Now that’s a true fact!” he said and turned his gaze on Seth and Becky. “Might even happen to the both of you someday...I’m thinking.”
The gathering then grew silent with the cracking of the pine cones in the fire becoming the prominent sounds to the otherwise near-silence of the night. The distant lonesome call of a coyote’s lament reached their ears, as did the contented lowing of the nearby herd, but none of that was considered reasonable interruptions to the serenity that was all around them.
*
The next day the going was easier and they made it all the way to Grant and the Platte River. They turned the herd out into a picturesque little ravine that was suitable to their needs. But right along with having made it back to at least a measure of civilization, came the need to post a night rider. Each of the men would take a two-hour stint, with Becky and Liz insisting on doing their part by tending the head for an hour each. Once a schedule had been decided on, Becky took the first watch and the rest of them turned in for some much-needed shuteye.
She chose Will’s mare, as it had become her favorite. With the starlit night sky gleaming overhead, she assumed a sentry position on a hillside that gave her a good view of the herd. The gentle humming of a favorite tune of hers aided in keeping the cattle serene and content until her hour was up and she shook Seth awake for his watch. She then snuggled down by the fire into the folds of her blanket and dozed off while gazing into the sky above and wondering what life had in store for her.
She had come a long way since that fateful day when her family had been slain so ruthlessly and she’d been taken from her home. The tears filled her eyes and she let them roll from the corners of her eyes. She then said a prayer, asking the Lord to show her the way to being a blessing to not only her beloved Seth, but the rest of the family, as well. She rolled onto her side and let the tears fall onto the blanket under her.
*
Liz was suddenly startled out of her trancelike state and back to the present as a group of four Indians appeared just beyond the far side of the herd. It was near time to wake the others but she had been putting it off and was instead reveling in the beauty of the coming dawn.
Fear constricted her chest at the thought of being captured and never ever heard from again. She felt the urgent need to scamper back to the camp, but for some reason she elected to remain and watch the approaching figures. The cattle parted and came back together as the Indians continued to make their way through the herd. Once they had emerged on the near side, they pulled their ponies to a stop while Liz found herself fighting down the urge to scream for help.
The Indians sat their ponies in what can only be described as a majestic, stoic silence. She wanted to say something to them, but that was out of the question. Finally, one of the Indians, a fine figure of a man with a handsome face and a broad-shouldered muscular upper body, stepped his pony a bit forward from the others. He then said something that she was unable to understand. But she detected a ring of familiarity to the sound of the words and thought it might indeed be Spanish.
A ray of hope darted across her mind as she remembered that Becky knew the language and would be able to talk with these men. She then used gestures and a few words of her own to hopefully make the man understand that she would go get her amigo and bring her back to this place to speak with him. He seemed to understand her paltry efforts and even grinned as she pulled the mare’s head around toward camp.
That was when she saw Becky approaching on foot. She then pointed and said with immeasurable relief, “Mi amigo.”
The Indian nodded and they waited for the arrival of this different White Eye.
Once Becky stood before the Utes, she started right in with talking to them and Liz breathed a momentous sigh of relief.
“You are the White Eye our friend Sowiette has spoken to us about?”
“Yes,” she replied. “We are the ones who are bringing the cattle to the grassy lands of the mighty Ute Nation. What are you called?” she wanted to know.
His chest puffed out slightly and he held a fist to his breast. “I am Wakara. Soweitte is my good friend and he has said for us to not harm the White Eye who bring the cattle animals to our home. He has said that when the winter snows again return to our land, and the deer are hard to find, we will have your cattle animals to feed to our women and children. Is this true?”
“It is true. In return, Sowiette has said that we will not be harmed and will be allowed to remain in your land. Is this true, as well?” she asked in return.
“It is so.” With that, the Utes pulled their pony’s heads around, ending the conversation. 
Becky stood stroking the mare’s neck as she and Liz watched them go. Once the Utes had cleared the herd, she looked up at Liz. “C’mon, let’s go back to camp.”
“What’d they say? Liz wanted to know as she followed Becky. “Are they going to be friends with us, like the others, or will there be trouble?”
Becky stopped and looked up into the uncertainty that looked back at her. “They are our friends and will not harm us,” she offered sincerely. “They are a good people and we will have no further trouble along the way to the ranch.”
Liz smiled widely. “I knew that,” she said and nudged the sorrel.
Chapter 26
With Wakara’s renewed assurance that they would not be harmed, the rest of the drive was about as smooth as the rump on a well-groomed Palomino stallion.
They gave Como a wide berth to the southeast and about an hour later approached Tarryall Creek just a bit north of the Carnes’ cabin. Wally abandoned the sluice box and set aside his search for the elusive strike to watch the approaching sight. He walked away from the water’s edge with a huge smile spreading across his face. The wagon was now close enough for him to make out Liz seated on the seat beside Becky. Elizabeth sided up to him and they both waved their welcome. They watched as Liz leaned over and said something to Becky. The wagon then changed direction slightly and headed straight for them.
Liz was all smiles as Becky pulled the team to a halt. She jumped down, stumbled and fell, righted herself, and ran to her parents.
“Are you alright, sweetheart?” Wally asked into her ear as he hugged her close to him.
“Yes, Pa…I’m fine,” she replied after pulling back to arm’s length. She then gave him another hug before turning her attention on her mother.
“Did you have a good time?” Elizabeth asked, after receiving her hug.
“Yes. Ma…I did. I surely did. It was a great adventure and certainly reinforced my desire to someday have a cattle ranch the same as Mister Clarkson.”
A knowing grin stretched the corners of Elizabeth’s face. “How did you and Sam get along?” she asked.
“I think you already know the answer to that,” Liz replied and looked into her pa’s troubled eyes. “The both of you, in fact. He’s absolutely wonderful and I love him dearly, Pa. Make no mistake about it...someday we’ll marry and he’ll make you both a fine son-in-law.”
She then glanced at the wagon. “I have to go now. I’ll be home as soon as we get this bunch of critters onto their home graze.”
“But the men can do all that,” Elizabeth protested mildly.
“I’d truly like to see this all the way through to the very end, Ma,” she said and turned to leave. She then turned back around. “I’ve been a part of this right from the start and ain’t about to beg off now. I mean...what kind of a cattleman’s wife would I make if I wasn’t willing to work the cattle?”
Elizabeth smiled, as did Pa. “You go finish up what’s been started,” he instructed and they watched her go.
She climbed aboard the wagon and Becky waved to Mr. and Mrs. Carnes before coaxing the team into motion.
The cattle were heading straight for the shallow ford and Becky steered the wagon in line behind them. The crossing was made without mishap with the wagon being the last to make the ford. The procession continued on its way with Jacob leading the way up the gentle rise that was the last remaining one before finally being able to lay eyes on his own cabin.
He pulled his mare to a standstill atop the gentle, grass-covered hill that overlooked the homestead from the northeast. He smiled as he looked down the hillside at his beautiful wife who stood waving at him from the side of the cabin. He returned the wave while Will and Sarah joined her and added a greeting of their own. He then hipped around in the saddle and assured himself that the herd was still pretty much intact and on course. Sam and Seth had spread out to the sides in an effort to keep them pointed in the right direction. Becky had positioned the wagon in the exact right position to keep them on the move. He then turned back to the front and nudged the mare with his heels. In no time at all, he had her racing down the slope at a full gallop.
*
After breakfast, the following morning, Seth and Becky saddled up and made a leisurely ride south to take another gander at his stretch of land. Although it straddled the creek, and was indeed a fine site for a homestead, it was nonetheless right in between the two that Sam and Liz had filed on.
“So, what’dya think? he asked as they sat together along the bank of the creek. “Should I trade with him or not?”
“That, my love, is entirely up to you. I would be happy living the rest of my life in a chicken coup if it meant sharing it with you as your wife.”
He leaned over and gave her a soft kiss.
As he started to straighten up, she hooked a hand around his neck and pulled him back down to her. “You’re not getting off that easily,” she said and smiled coyly.
The kiss proved to be one of the hungry, craving variety that quickly got the both of them to thinking about tossing caution to the wind. Just when it had reached the point where they would be hard-pressed to stop, he pulled away.
“We can’t...we can’t do this,” he said in labored gasps.
“I know,” she replied and worked her way out from under him. “But it surely does give a person cause to want to hurry along the wedding plans.”
He rose and offered a helping hand down to her. “C’mon,” he said softly. “Let’s go have a close look at Sam’s filing.”
They went to the horses and climbed up. They reined away from the creek and rode to the west. The family had long-since located all the markers and because of that, they knew right where they were headed.
Reaching the quarter section that was Sam’s, they slowed their progress until they approached a picturesque area that they had previously seen and appealed to the both of them.
They reined to a halt.
“If Sam agrees to the trade,” he said, “this would be where we’ll build our home.”
She worked her mare right against his and leaned over for a kiss. He was more than willing to oblige her.
*
Sam had made the ride over to the Carnes homestead to see his Liz, while Will and Sarah opted for a ride to the north to look over their property in preparation of building the first stages of their own ranch house and outlying structures.
That left Jacob and Emily to themselves and they took good advantage of the time together by riding out to marvel at what had finally become a reality.
They found the herd only a short ways away from the ranch house and were pleased to see that the animals seemed content to stay close to home. With the Circle C brand having been registered in Jacob’s name for a number of years now, it was decided to keep it, and with the help of Will and the boys, would begin the necessary branding in a couple of days. Even though theirs was the only cattle ranching endeavor in the entire South Park Basin, what with the boys all having the same long range plans in mind, that would not be the case for very much longer.
They sat atop a good-sized stack of rocks with their legs dangling over the edge of a cliff of sorts that was not much more than a low outcropping, and therefore was in no way a threat to their safety. Jacob had his arm around his wife’s shoulders while she rested her head against his chest.
“Can’t get anymore rewarding than this,” he commented as they looked out across the peacefully-grazing herd that was the beginnings of the future of the Circle C.
The bull was showing an interest in one of the heifers.
“Looks like that stock contractor up there in Georgetown knew what he was talking about when he said that bull was just what was needed to get this whole thing off on the right foot.”
She was smiling up at him so he craned his neck and gave her a loving kiss.
They grew silent while they marveled at what had finally come to fruition as a result of their willingness to chuck what had been a meager but secure existence out on the Kansas plains, and brave the unknown to what was truly God’s country. Their attention was drawn to movement along the edge of a stand of aspens as a small herd of about a dozen or so elk grazed lazily out into the open.
She again moved her gaze upward to the satisfied look in his eyes. “Penny for your thoughts?” she said just above a whisper.
He sighed his contentment. “Oh...I was just thinking that it sure is a pleasure to know that the Lord has ways about Him that are rewarding to a family that is pure of heart and love Him unconditionally.”
She smiled and arched an inquisitive eyebrow. “Which is?”
“Just that hopes and dreams that right at first seem to have little to no chance of ever becoming a reality can surely come true if He’s of a mind to fulfill them.”
THE END
Books by r William Rogers:
For information on any of these book, please visit my website at:
www.bobthebookbuilder.com
Arkansas Valley Series
Toward A New Beginning - Book 1
Uncertain Times - Book 2
Shattered Dreams - Book 3
Mustang Justice -Book 4
Shiloh Ranch - Book 5
Rails Along The Valley - Book 6
Kindled Faith - Book 7
(end of series)
Cripple Creek mining District Series
Poverty Gulch - Book 1
Cripple’s Golden Pioneers - Book 2
From The Shadows of Mount Pisgah - Book 3
(more on the way)
Settlers of South Park Series
A Dream Fulfilled - Book 1
Divine Discovery - Book 2
Turmoil - Book 3
The Redemption of Arnie Bradbury - Book 4
An Unlikely Friendship - Book 5
(more on the way)
The Saga of Willard Hansel
Trooper Hansel - Book 1
Trail To Washoe - Book 2
(more on the way)
Journeys of The Heart Collection
Stanton
Gideon Hartman
(more on the way)
Stand Alone Books
Birdsong of The Penateka
She Wore It Tied Down
Ordeal On Elkhorn Peak
Minor League Misfits
##
