

FORTY DAYS

Neima’s Ark: Book One

by

Stephanie Parent

Smashwords Edition

Copyright © 2013 by Stephanie Parent
Image copyright © 2013 by Najla Qamber Designs

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, any place, events or occurrences, is strictly coincidental. The characters and story lines are created from the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

Author’s Note

Many cultural traditions include a flood myth in which a deity or deities send a great flood to destroy the earth and all humankind; the biblical story of Noah and the Ark is one of the most famous of these stories. While the tale of Noah’s Ark is, at its heart, a metaphorical one, I have chosen to retell the story as realistically as possible.
Most biblical scholars agree that the flood would have taken place around 2300 BCE, during the Early Bronze Age. While there is less agreement about the location of Noah and his family prior to the flood, I have chosen to set the story in what is now Turkey—specifically, the region of Turkey known as Eastern Anatolia—for two reasons. First, according to the Bible, the Ark came to rest on the “mountains of Ararat,” which many scholars believe to refer to Mount Ararat, a dormant volcanic cone located in Eastern Anatolia. In addition, two of the rivers described in the Bible as flowing out of Eden, the Tigris and Euphrates, have their source in Eastern Anatolia. Therefore, it’s reasonable to assume that some of Adam and Eve’s descendants, including Noah, might have settled in the region.
In my story, both Noah and his son Shem are bronze smiths; as bronze tools were essential to the people’s livelihood during the Bronze Age, Noah and Shem’s profession would have earned them a powerful status in their village. Readers may also be interested to learn that early bronze smiths worked with an alloy of copper and arsenic rather than copper and tin, and over time, many smiths developed arsenic poisoning. Arsenic poisoning can cause both physical tremors like the ones Noah experiences in his hands, and mental confusion and delirium.
Readers might also wonder why Noah and his family don’t observe Jewish traditions such as honoring the Sabbath and following kosher dietary laws. Most religious scholars date the origin of Judaism to around 1800 BCE, when Abraham denounced the worship of idols; a more organized version of Judaism developed around 1300 BCE, when Moses received the Ten Commandments. My heroine Neima and the rest of her village, living around 2300 BCE, would most likely have practiced some form of multi-god and goddess worship. Archaeological excavations of Bronze Age Turkish sites such as Alacahӧyϋk have uncovered goddess figures and deer and bull figurines that may have represented deities. Noah’s conviction that only one God existed would probably have seemed strange and unseemly to Neima and her family. Overall, as I was most interested in the human relationships behind the flood story, I chose not to focus on Neima’s and the other villagers’ religious beliefs before the flood arrived.
Readers may also have questions about the animal species that are and aren’t present on the ark. Working on the assumption that Noah would have believed the animals he knew of to comprise all the species in the world—or at least the only ones he could reasonably get hold of—I chose to include only animals native to Turkey on the ark. As a result there are no African animals such as zebras, giraffes, hippos, rhinos, and monkeys on my version of the ark. A more well-traveled trader, like the one Neima befriends, might have seen the rhinoceroses and monkeys he describes to her in India or even Africa. And to answer the many horse, dog and cat-loving readers who might be wondering why those animals aren’t on the ark: while these animals may have been domesticated prior to or during the Bronze Age in various parts of the world, I could find no definitive evidence that they existed in Turkey around 2300 BCE, so I chose not to include them. Smaller wildcats such as the lynx, however, do appear on the ark in my novel.
While I’ve done my best to root my novel within a realistic historical framework, Neima’s Ark is ultimately a work of imagination. All errors are my own.
Noah and His Descendants




Part One: Before the Rain

The Lord saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth, and that every intention of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. And the Lord regretted that He had made man on the earth, and it grieved Him to his Heart. So the Lord said, “I will blot out man whom I have created from the face of the land, man and animals and creeping things and birds of the heavens, for I am sorry that I have made them.”

--Genesis 6:5-7

Chapter One

My grandfather is a madman, and the entire village knows it.
We’ve watched the skeleton of his madness rise from the ground, bones and joints of wood fastened together until they’ve grown higher than the tallest cedar tree in our valley and longer than all the cottages of our village placed end to end. As each gap in the skeleton is filled with more wood, we’ve watched his insanity gain flesh, becoming a solid, hulking beast that looms above us. It is an ark, two sides sloping down to a rounded base, like the coracles that carry fishermen down the river bordering our village. But my grandfather Noah’s ark is broader than the river at its widest point, even when the waters swell at the height of the rainy season, and I cannot imagine a body of water large enough to hold it aloft.
We watch the sun rise over the ark’s peaked roof every morning, and now, as I carry a basket of soiled laundry to the river, I watch the ark grow larger before me. It sits on the far side of the river, just outside the village border, where the villagers can’t rightly complain about its presence. Though they do so regardless. I move closer still, juggling the basket that threatens to spill shifts and shirts and shawls with every step I take, until I can make out the outlines of the men standing atop its deck. Most are hired men, nomads who will work for grain or livestock, pottery or tools, but one of those men is my grandfather Noah. Two of them are my uncles. And one is my father.
Now that the ark’s construction is complete, Noah has ordered my uncles, my father and all the laborers he can find to coat the ship’s surface with pitch. The black, sticky stuff has crept its way up the wood with each passing day, until only the open deck and the rectangular, slant-roofed structure atop it remain uncovered. And worst of all, the pitch’s stink has woven its way through the village, noxious and smoky and oily, coating the insides of our noses and throats with each breath.
It is no longer enough for us to witness Noah’s madness; now we must smell it as well.
“Neima!” It’s a young voice, just behind me. Male.
I clutch the basket handles tighter, frozen in my tracks now, not ready to turn toward my pursuer. Not one of the village boys come to harass me again, to pluck at my skirts or tip my basket into the dirt. Not today. It’s too hot, the air too thick and foul, and I can’t take it. I should ignore their taunts, walk fast and keep my back straight, but my curiosity gets the best of me. I turn my head—
—and breathe a sigh of relief when I see it’s only Jorin. Relief—and annoyance. Jorin is always following behind someone or other, like a lost lamb scampering after the flock. He even sounds like a lamb, his voice high and bleating and—
“Neima. You dropped this.”
I’m perplexed to find my body still frozen as he approaches, one of my linen shifts in his outstretched hand. It’s Jorin, all right—but when did his voice grow so much deeper, so strong and assured? I blink, shake my head, wondering if I’m seeing things—but no, a new width broadens his shoulders, and he stands nearly a hand’s breadth above me, though we are the same age and have always been the same height. How did so much change without my realizing it? Jorin is no longer a boy, and I can no longer compare him to a lamb.
“Well?” He holds the shift just out of my reach, crumples it in his dirt-stained hand, waves it from side to side. “Do you want it or not? I’ve been thinking our goat needs a dress. She shivers at night, and she would look quite becoming in your—”
“Surely your goat would be offended by my simple garment,” I say, reaching for the fabric with one hand. Only when I let go of the basket do I realize I’ve been gripping the handle hard enough to rub my skin raw. “You should raid my aunt Zeda’s laundry instead—her clothes are much finer. But you’re not brave enough for that, are you?” Jorin lowers his head, avoiding my eyes as he finally hands back my shift. “I thought not,” I say, a touch of victory in my voice.
Jorin may not be a boy any longer, but he has a long way to go before I will call him a man.
I turn once more, walking faster toward the river. Jorin scrambles ahead, swivels to face me, and lopes along backward so the morning sun frames his form. All the men in our village have dark hair, but Jorin’s always grows lighter in the summer months, and even now, more than a moon since the harvest ended, his hair shines the same bright bronze as the carving knife my father made for me.
I shake my head again, as though I can cast out that ridiculous thought. What is wrong with me today?
“You’re not angry with me, are you, Neima?” His eyes widen, and I glimpse motes of gold dancing within the brown. “Not that I can blame you for being out of temper this morning. That pitch smells worse than the shit of a hundred hogs—”
“Jorin!”
He falls quiet and turns, allowing me to lead again, but he continues to trail me. Finally I must ask: “Don’t you have work of your own to do?”
“I’ve fed all the animals already,” he says, “and I want to rest my feet in the river.”
“If only we all had time to rest our feet,” I say, although truthfully I am looking forward to the cool water as well. The rainy season is late in coming this year, and the dry heat that sucks moisture from the air, from our skin, from our very bones has lasted so long I sometimes forget what it feels like to be cool, to pass a day without my dry throat aching and the dust rising in clouds around my calloused feet. I walk faster, anticipating the first gasp of chilly river water against my skin; but then I spot the gaggle of squealing, half-naked children coming our way. They aren’t watching where they’re going, and one boy nearly collides with us. That is, until he realizes just who he’s approaching—Noah’s granddaughter—and trips over himself in his hurry to shift course. He even yelps, and when some object falls from his hand, he doesn’t stop to pick it up.
Then I see what the boy has dropped, and his fear no longer bothers me so much.
It’s a scrap of cedar wood, twice the length of my hand and thicker than my thumb, neatly sawed at both ends. A remnant from the ark. After a quick glance around to make sure no one’s watching, I rest my basket on the ground and pick it up, caressing the planed wood, smooth as river stone.
“The boys are still daring each other to bring home the cursed wood from the ark, I suppose,” Jorin says with disdain in his voice.
“Don’t be so superior.” I keep my voice light. “I seem to remember you doing the same, just a year or two ago.”
Jorin scowls, kicks a clod of dirt free with his bare foot. “No,” he says. “I might have fetched the wood, on a dare. But I never believed those foolish superstitions. I always brought the wood all the way home. Or to you.”
I blush at the reminder that Jorin is the only member of our village, besides my parents, who knows my secret: I carve miniatures out of wood. Animals and people, cottages and coracles, carts and wagons, all small enough to fit in the palm of my hand. It is a strange hobby, especially for a girl, and Mother was not happy when Father taught me and even gave me a carving knife of my own. She forbade me to speak of my craft or to do it outside our cottage—Noah’s behavior brings enough attention to our family without my adding to it—but Jorin once ran into our kitchen during a rainstorm and caught me whittling before the fire.
Even now, out here where anyone can see, I can’t resist running my fingers over the wood for a moment, feeling the warmth it holds inside after a morning in the sun. I wonder what creature lies beneath the smooth surface, waiting to be freed by my carving knife. But then I shake my mind free of its daydreams, tuck the wood under my laundry, and continue toward the river. I have work to do.
Jorin has never revealed my strange secret, but he often asks what I’m working on and if he can see it. I can sense the usual question on the tip of his tongue now, in fact, so I head him off: “I’ll show you someday, I promise. Just not yet.” Jorin only shrugs in response, as though he expected as much. I always find some excuse to put him off, since my efforts never live up to the images in my mind—at least not yet. I am improving, though, and I haven’t given up hope that one day I’ll make something beautiful.
Speaking of beautiful, here is the river before us now, low from the lack of rain, but still cool and clear and glinting in the sunlight. I throw down my basket and dip my feet in the water, and for a moment, if I look away from the ark and hold my breath to avoid the stench, I can almost believe I’m in paradise.
And then I notice the group of women washing their own laundry a bit downriver. They glance from me to the ark with narrowed eyes, whispering and clucking their tongues and even wrapping cloths over their mouths and noses as if my appearance has made the odor twice as unbearable.
No, this village is no paradise, and those women will not let me forget it.
I grab one of Father’s tunics, plunge it in the water, and begin to scrub the dirt out much more vigorously than necessary. “You’ll exhaust yourself before you’re halfway through,” Jorin warns, and I flick some water in his direction. Accidentally, of course.
“Would you like to help, then?” I ask, and Jorin grows suddenly silent.
We work quietly for a short while—or rather, I work while Jorin rests—with only the soft swish of river water and the women’s distant whispers to accompany my scrubbing. And then the circle of women cracks open, and out of their midst comes my best friend Derya, flouncing toward us with a basket of soaking-wet laundry dripping in her arms, her long black braid swinging at her back. When she reaches us, she dumps her laundry in the river and continues washing as if nothing has happened.
“Well, good morning to you too,” Jorin says after a moment.
Derya just shakes her head. “Those women are insufferable,” she says. Anger turns her green eyes into sparks against her golden skin, and as usual, I feel dull as river mud beside her. But I’m grateful for her support. “As if it’s your fault,” she goes on, “that Noah believes a great flood is going to destroy the world!”
And there it is: the reason Grandfather has devoted himself to this interminable project, has forced my father and uncles to neglect their own duties in order to help him. Thanks to Noah, our village is now a destination for unsavory nomads in search of work, and with all the trees felled to build the ark, mudslides plague us throughout the rainy season. In any other man, such behavior would never be tolerated. But my grandfather was once one of our village’s most respected members, and his madness grew slowly, over years, plank by plank as the ark rose higher, until suddenly it was too large to ignore and too late to act against it.
I still remember the day I first heard about the rains that would supposedly fall till our cottages were submerged, our animals drowned, though I can’t recall who told me, or whether I simply overheard the gossip. But I will never forget the way I tore through the village, heading straight for my father at work in the smithy, and I will never forget how I ran inside without calling out first, even though I was forbidden to do so. Father was pouring molten bronze into molds, but to my young mind and eyes, it was as if he held liquid fire just a few hands’ breadth from his body, at the end of a long, precariously thin wooden handle. If he was a more excitable man, a less steady one, there might have been a terrible accident. As it was, I suffered only a scolding once Father put the smoking-hot pot down on the smith stone and led me back outside, away from the open flame and molten metal. And even his reprimand was light, once he realized how frightened I was; he never could be harsh with me. I remember how he gathered me in his arms, so close that I rested my cheek against the warm leather of his apron and breathed in the smoky residue that lingered there. He told me that there would be no flood, that old Noah wasn’t right in the head, though I should never say so aloud.
“But how can you know?” I whispered into his chest.
He breathed out, long and deep, and I bit my lip as I waited for him to speak. “I suppose nothing in this world is certain,” he said at last. “But I promise that if you, if any member of our family is ever in danger, I’ll do everything I can to protect you.”
Now, as I wash Father’s tunics in the river, I realize I can’t remember the last time I visited him at the smithy, or even exchanged more than a few words with him over supper. The ark has kept him busy, I suppose.
It takes me a minute to notice Derya is no longer chattering beside me, and I crane my neck to see her standing beside Jorin, facing away from the river. “Can you imagine,” she says softly, “all of this, just…gone?”
I turn and follow her gaze, taking it all in: the mud-brick cottages, the bits of straw embedded in their walls and roofs gleaming golden in the sun; the fields of wheat and barley, low and parched now that the harvest has ended; the pens of grazing goats and cattle and sheep; the forested hills that cup our valley in their protective hands. It may not be much, in the scheme of the wide world I’ve heard tales of but never seen, and I may not always feel welcome here. But this is the only home I’ve ever known, and no, I cannot imagine it destroyed.
“Well, you can’t blame Noah for being a bit confused,” Jorin says. “After all, he is six hundred years old.”
Derya and I both scoff at that. At sixty, Noah is the oldest man in our village, and many joke that he might as well be six hundred.
“Sometimes,” I blurt out, “I wish he would just die already.” The words are out before I’ve realized what I’m saying, and I clap my hand over my mouth, horrified. “I mean,” I go on, the words muffled by my fingers, “I wish he would be cured of his affliction…” But I know the chances of that are slim, and sometimes, buried deep inside, in a hidden, horrible part of myself, I do wish Noah were dead.
“You’re not the only one, Cousin.” My nerves jump as if I’ve been caught in a crime—and perhaps I have—as I see Kenaan approaching. I want to know how much he’s heard, but I can’t find out without repeating all I’ve said, so I return to my laundry. With all these interruptions, I’ll be here till the sun sets.
I’m not the only one distracted by Kenaan’s presence: Derya has abandoned her washing entirely, and the women downriver are looking our way as well, their whispers turned soft and melodious. They don’t blame Kenaan for his grandfather’s faults, for my cousin is the handsomest young man in the village, with his head of curls nearly as dark and polished as the wet pitch coating the ark. But much more pleasing to the eye, of course.
“Shouldn’t you be up on the ark, Kenaan, working with my father and yours?” I snap. I’m irritated, suddenly, and my cousin’s unexpected laughter doesn’t help.
“No, I’m afraid not.” He glances around before continuing, his voice lower. “Grandfather Noah has an even stranger task for me.” He laughs again, and I realize the sound is bitter, even panicked, not a real laugh at all. “You know how he had me building birdcages?” I look to Jorin and Derya before nodding. Neither looks surprised, so I guess Kenaan has told them as well. “Well”—Kenaan’s voice grows even softer—“a few days ago, he asked me to build smaller square cages, with wooden bars running both horizontally and vertically, and only the smallest spaces left open for ventilation. He told me they must be secure enough to hold snakes”—he slithers a hand up Derya’s bare forearm—“and spiders”—his fingers skitter up to her shoulder—“and scorpions”—he pinches her nose, and she laughs and bats his hand away.
“You joke,” she says.
The smile slides off his lips. “No,” he says, “I couldn’t invent that story if I tried.” The other two might not believe him, but I know he’s telling the truth. Invisible spider legs scurry up my own arms, and I have to fight away a shiver despite the heat. What use could Noah possibly have for snakes and insects?
“Anyway,” Kenaan says, his dark eyes now aimed directly at me, “I just came to tell you Noah has called a meeting tonight. For the entire family.”
The spider legs—or are they scorpion claws?—close around my throat, choking off my breath for a moment.
Kenaan saunters off, with Derya looking longingly after him, as I tackle another filthy shirt. Perhaps, I realize now, I’ll learn the answer to my question sooner than I anticipated. Though I’m not so sure I really want to know.


Chapter Two


I grit my teeth as my mother tugs the wooden comb once again through my knotted hair. “You know”—yank—“I am perfectly capable”—yank—“of combing my own hair.”
“If that were true,” Mother says, “then I wouldn’t have to fight a week’s worth of tangles to… Unh!” She pulls down so hard that stars dance before my eyes, and when my vision clears I see the huge clump of hair that’s fallen before me, a shade darker than the packed earth floor of our cottage. Maybe I should comb my hair more often.
I fidget and squirm, trying to relieve the pressure on my scalp, and my skin rubs against the coarse, itchy fabric of my woolen dress. It’s my finest dress—I dyed it a deep golden yellow myself, using the flowers of the saffron lily—but it’s much too heavy for this warm weather. Mother practically ordered me to wear it; she thinks Noah called this meeting to announce that Kenaan and I will marry, and she could not be more pleased.
It makes sense, I suppose—no other man in the village will have me, although I’m sure many girls would put up with a madman in the family in order to wed Kenaan. I don’t know how I’ll react if Mother is right. Kenaan is certainly handsome, and he has always been kind to me—well, as kind as any mischievous boy who’s known me since we were both babes. He’s respectful toward his parents and especially sweet to his younger sister, Shai. But I know how much Derya likes him. And truthfully, though I’m already sixteen, I don’t feel ready to marry.
Still, I can’t manage to muster much emotion about any of that right now. I keep thinking about the rush to cover the ark with pitch, about Noah’s strange assignments for Kenaan, and I can’t imagine that marriage is my grandfather’s main concern. No, I suspect this night’s meeting is about something else entirely, and worry crawls up and down my spine at the thought.
My mother jerks at another tough tangle, and I cry out—just as Arisi walks into the cottage. I swear her belly swells larger with every day that passes, and she still has three moons left before she gives birth. My youngest aunt is so small, her bones nearly as delicate as those of a bird, that I fear if the baby grows much more, she will topple over.
For now, though, Arisi makes her way gracefully toward us, balancing her excess weight so effortlessly she seems to skim above the ground. “Here, Sister”—she reaches a hand toward my mother—“let me.”
“No, no,” Mother and I both protest, but Arisi has already grabbed the comb and begun to work out the last tangles in my hair. She is much gentler than my mother, and my scalp thanks her even as I hope she’s not overtaxing herself.
I watch my mother wander the cottage common room, searching for a new task to occupy herself, and something clutches tight inside me for a moment. She looks so old next to Arisi; her black braid is threaded through with strands of silver, and a spider web of wrinkles has wrapped itself around her thin neck. Of course, Arisi is only nineteen, more of a sister than an aunt, so to compare the two isn’t really fair. Still, it doesn’t help that Mother narrows her eyes, accentuating the lines at their corners, and purses her lips as though she’s swallowed a sour grape whenever she catches sight of Arisi’s stomach. I know that my mother was pregnant several times after my birth, and always the baby came too early. I know that she desperately wanted a son, and now, claiming Kenaan as a son-in-law is the closest she can come. But I still don’t feel ready to marry.
Does that make me a terrible daughter?
“No, it doesn’t,” Arisi whispers so close to my ear that I can feel the soft slap of her breath against my skin. I jump, and Arisi laughs. Am I incapable of keeping my thoughts to myself today? “Don’t worry,” she goes on, “she didn’t hear you.”
In fact, Mother is making her way out of the room, probably to bank the kitchen fire before we leave for Grandfather’s. Arisi sighs and collapses onto the wooden bench against the wall, and I sit beside her. “So,” I say as she leans her head on my shoulder, “how distraught do you imagine Mother will be when she learns my marriage is the last thing on Noah’s mind?”
“I don’t know,” Arisi murmurs, “but I wouldn’t switch places with you tonight.”
“You wouldn’t switch places with me ever.” I pull back to look at Arisi’s bright cheeks, her warm brown eyes. She plays with the ends of her silky, tangle-less hair with one small hand. I feel so large, so unkempt and ungainly in comparison. I inherited my father’s height, his broad shoulders, long legs and arms and fingers, and sometimes I wonder if any man could care for me.
“How did you know,” I ask Arisi, “that Japheth was the man you should marry?”
I realize before the words are out that my question is a foolish one. The entire village knew Arisi and Japheth would marry, probably before the couple themselves recognized it. They were always together, Japheth always gazing at Arisi as if she were some jewel unearthed miraculously from the soil, and she looking at him in much the same way.
Arisi is silent now, thoughtful, and I’ve given up on her answer when she finally says, “I couldn’t imagine sharing my home and my bed with any other man. It was as simple as that.” And, I think, she was willing to sacrifice her ties to her own family as well. Arisi’s parents haven’t spoken to her since she married a madman’s son, but if she’s not going to bring that up, I won’t either.
Mother invades our quiet, her steps slap-slapping across the earthen floor: she has put on her one pair of leather sandals, and she holds my pair out as well. When I take the shoes from her, she leans forward to examine a lock of my hair, then arranges it so a few sections hang over my shoulders, framing my face. She steps back to survey her handiwork, her lips playing between a scowl and a smile, and for a second I hope she’ll say I look beautiful. Instead, her mouth settles into a flat, neutral line. “That will have to do.” Her tone is curt but resigned. “Come along, both of you—Father Noah will be waiting.”

***

My grandfather Noah is known for the stark white shade of his long hair and beard, as befits a man of his age. But Noah’s hair turned white all at once, overnight, when he was a much younger man. Or so they say—I was not born yet, of course, and neither was my youngest uncle, Japheth, Arisi’s husband.
I’ve heard so many versions of the story, whispered in warning from mothers to daughters, passed around by bored women as they weave and spin, exaggerated into laughs and shouts by men giddy from too much wine. But in its simplest and, I think, truest form, the story goes that Noah and his wife, my grandmother Nemzar, were set upon by bandits in the night. My father and Uncle Ham had already married and started their own homes, so my grandparents lived alone in the largest cottage in the village, as they still do now. Their closest neighbors must have known what was going on, but no one came to help Noah, or even ran to fetch my father or uncle. Instead, as Noah is fond of repeating, they all stayed hidden within their own dwellings, protecting themselves and their possessions. To tell the truth, I’m not sure I blame them, or if I would have had the courage to do any different.
In any case, the bandits clubbed Noah over the head and stole his greatest treasures: the gold pendant he’d given Grandmother as a wedding gift, the obsidian and lapis lazuli he’d traded his best bronze work for. Worst of all—and this part isn’t spoken of in the village, only whispered by my mother and Aunt Zeda when they think no one’s listening—Noah awoke to find his wife on the floor, moaning in pain, her clothes torn and spotted with blood. Noah’s hair had turned white by the next morning, and he began to hear a voice within his head soon after, a voice that called itself the Lord God. The voice that told him to build the ark.
Less than a year later, my uncle Japheth was born.
Knowing the whole story, you’d think my grandmother would be the one most affected by all that took place. You’d think if anyone would carry the mark of that night on her body and in her mind, it would be her. But watching Grandmother Nemzar now, as she balances plates of bread and goat cheese and a bowl of the last fresh figs of the season, I’d never guess anything awful had happened to her. She weaves agilely between the rest of my gathered family, smiling and refusing help as she places the food on the low wooden table. Her hair is still a bright, deep reddish brown, like the wood of the cedar tree, with only a few hints of gray. Sometimes I think I see the same red tint in my own hair, but it’s probably just wishful thinking, or a trick of the light—after all, my parents share the same dull brown-black locks, so why should I be any different?
Grandmother sets a plate at the head of the table, and I have to look carefully to make out the wrinkles on her brown hands and arms. To tell the truth, Grandmother barely seems older than my own mother, and she certainly looks nothing like Noah, who stands now at the head of the table, his own hands trembling like two ancient pieces of tree bark. It’s as if Noah, with his white hair and leathered skin and the heavy robe he wears over his tunic even on the hottest summer day, has absorbed all the trauma of that long-ago night for himself. It’s as if he’s taken hold of all the pain and anger in this house and left none for Nemzar, or for the rest of us, and I’m not sure whether what he’s done is a kindness or a curse.
Grandfather Noah is still tall, though, like my father, with Father’s broad shoulders and broad back, and it’s not too hard to believe he was once the most powerful man in our village. After all, Noah was the bronze smith, like Father after him, and the village couldn’t survive without the tools he provided. My father should have already begun teaching Kenaan the trade, as well—but the ark has kept them both too busy.
At times like this, when Noah stands only a few paces from me and I remember that he’s just one old man, no longer so powerful, I wonder why my father and uncles don’t simply refuse his commands. Yes, the village custom demands we obey and respect our elders, but surely in a case like this….
Then Grandfather speaks—and I begin to understand.
“Sit, please,” he says, and at once the room falls silent. “We have much to discuss.” Though his words come out soft and low, his voice fills every bit of empty space, a thick rumble that seems to hold density and weight. It’s a knowing voice, almost otherworldly, and hearing it almost makes you want to believe what he says.
Almost.
Once my father sits on Noah’s right side, my uncle Ham on his left, and the rest of us have gathered at the long wooden benches around the table, Noah goes on. “Let us thank the Lord God for our food,” he says, and the uneasy glances pass from one of us to the next like a series of muffled coughs. Even my ten-year-old cousin Shai, who sits directly across from me between her mother and brother, knows enough to appear ashamed of Noah’s strange practice. My grandfather, however, doesn’t see us: his head is bowed in prayer, his eyes closed. And Ham, I now notice, mirrors his position. Is this just another of my uncle’s many attempts to gain favor with his father? Or—hard as it is to fathom—has Ham actually begun to believe in this God Noah speaks of?
Noah says that the Lord God who speaks to him is the only god, that this one, sole God created the earth and everything upon it. He created the soil and the grass and trees and other plants that grow upon the earth; he created the river that waters our village; he makes the rain fall and the sun shine, and he even made the great sea that traders have described to us, though I’m not sure I believe it exists, a body of water so long and wide it goes on farther than the eye can see, mirroring the sky above it. This one God, Grandfather says, made every living thing on the earth, from the smallest, most bothersome gnat to the fearsome creatures I’ve caught sight of when they prowl too near our village, the great cats with claws sharp enough to tear a man in two, or so Father has warned me. This Lord God, Noah says, also created man, and we must thank him every day for our existence.
All this runs through my mind in the space of one breath, as Noah keeps his eyes closed and murmurs into his clasped hands. At last he raises his head and clears his throat, but Ham keeps his head down a moment longer. So he is trying to please his father. The curse of the second son, my own father calls it, though I suspect Ham would act the same whether he was the second son or the seventeenth.
We begin to pass food between us, though I think most of us are more anxious to hear Noah’s words than to fill our stomachs. Kenaan keeps glancing at me across the table, a smirk pulling at the corners of his mouth, and I wonder if his mother made the same assumption mine did about the purpose of tonight’s meeting. He takes his attention from me to place some meat on Shai’s plate, and it’s then that Noah speaks.
“The Lord God tells me,” he begins, his voice as calm and composed as if he’s recounting a day’s work in the fields, “that men have grown wicked upon the earth, and the Lord is sorry He has made them. The Lord will send a great flood to cover the earth and destroy all men. But the Lord has seen that I and my family are righteous, and He has told me to build a great ark, to preserve us when the waters come.”
All this we have heard before. But now, Noah pauses only to take a sip of wine, and goes on. “In just seven days’ time, God will send rain down for forty days and forty nights, and the great flood will blot out all life upon the earth.”
A rush of feeling crashes over me all at once, as cold and bracing as the river water was this morning, and for a moment the emotion is too strong to identify. I look instinctively to Father at Noah’s right, and I see his lips part as he lets out a long, heavy sigh. And only when I recognize the same emotion on my father’s face do I understand what I’m feeling: relief. Finally, after years of enduring the villagers’ taunts and snubs, after watching my father and uncles and even Kenaan overwork themselves for Noah’s whims, after watching Arisi forced to choose between her husband and her family, it’s almost over. In seven days, when the flood does not come and the world is not destroyed, Noah will have to give up his madman’s mission. And though the ark will still stand, perhaps the rest of us can return to some semblance of a normal life.
But Grandfather Noah is still speaking, and Father’s mouth has closed, his lips drawn tightly together.
“—will bake as much bread as possible and carry it to the ark, along with grain and barley, salted meat and fish, dried figs and raisins. We will fill as many water skins as we can at the river, for when the rain comes we may not be able to step onto the deck and gather rainwater for several days.”
By we, I realize, Noah means the women. Including me. And including Arisi, who is—
“This is madness!” Our heads turn as one to the far end of the table, where Japheth has pushed his uneaten food away and is standing, fists clenched. “I will not allow you to put my wife’s health in danger, not when she is with child. I’ve sacrificed for you, all these years, but Arisi will not spend her days hauling food through the village for no reason but—”
Noah’s face has remained placid all evening, no matter how strange his words, but now his eyes narrow and his mouth twists. “You, my youngest son, will question my wisdom? You will question the Lord God’s word?”
So is it your wisdom, or God’s? I think but do not say. Japheth sits again—or rather, he nearly falls back onto the bench—and looks to my father, his eyes wide, beseeching. We all know that if anyone can sway Noah, it will be his eldest son. My father opens his mouth, closes it. Finally he says, “If we listen to all you say, Father, then will you listen to our concerns as well?”
Noah’s expression tightens further in disapproval, and his wrinkles deepen into fissures across his skin. He clears his throat, and then continues as if he was never interrupted. I suppose this is the closest he’ll come to agreeing.
“We must also carry as many bales of hay as possible to the ark, for we won’t be feeding only ourselves: God has commanded me to bring two of every animal, one male and one female, into the ark with us, so that they might survive the storm.”
A short, biting laugh echoes from across the table, an expression more of disbelief than humor. Ham casts a disapproving glare in his son’s direction, and Kenaan bites his lip and grows silent. I wish I could laugh as well, could say or do something to break the tension tightening throughout the room as Noah goes on:
“The kept animals, the goats and sheep, fowl and cattle and swine, we can take from our own—”
Noah keeps speaking, but my mind is already darting ahead to the cages Keenan has been building, the cages for scorpions and spiders and snakes. Any God who would ensure that those creatures survive while so many humans perish must be as mad as Noah himself.
Noah says that the men will need to trap rabbits and mice, foxes and deer, birds of all types, and, yes, reptiles and insects. Already it seems he has surpassed all his earlier lunacy in only a few words, but what he says next sends a ripple of shock through me.
“The savage animals, the tigers and lions and other great cats, the bears and wolves and hyenas, I do not expect you to trap alive. But God commands me to preserve all His creatures, so I have hired hunters to procure these animals.”
Shai lets out a whimper. I’d hoped she hasn’t understood all that Noah has said, but apparently she’s grasped enough. Zeda places a hand on her daughter’s arm, but my aunt’s fingers are trembling too much to provide much comfort. At the far end of the table, Japheth lays a hand on Arisi’s stomach as if to shield both her and the babe. The rest of us remain rigid, our bodies tight and taut, as though we are withdrawing into ourselves to escape some unseen threat.
“Father.” My own father speaks slowly, deliberately. “I have done my best to be a dutiful son, to obey and respect you in all things. But this—this I cannot accept. You can’t bring wild animals into our village. You will endanger our children, our homes, our entire community.”
“God will protect us from—”
I have never seen Father, have never seen anyone interrupt Noah, but he does so now. “If I don’t stop you,” he says, “the rest of the village will.”
Noah does not explode in anger as I thought he would, as he did when Japheth spoke. Perhaps he is too caught up in his own mind, in his strange ideas, to realize just what my father has done. “God will not allow the people of this village to disrupt His plan,” he says.
Across the table, Shai is crying.
“Nahala,” Father says to Mother, his voice hard, “take Neima and go home. I need to speak to Father alone.” Only a moment passes before Ham and Japheth say the same to their wives. We stand, leaving our untouched plates behind, and I can’t help thinking that later, Grandmother Nemzar will have to clean all this up.

***

Outside, the sun has disappeared, but the moon and stars shine so brightly it might still be day. I’ll miss these clear nights, when the rainy season begins and the clouds hang low, though I’ll welcome the drought’s end. Shai is still sniffling, and I want to comfort her, but Zeda grabs her by the arm and hurries off. My mother, too, walks ahead, her back rigid with displeasure. Can she possibly still be upset about me and Kenaan? Only Arisi and I walk slowly, taking in the open night air, which has cooled enough to feel like bliss after the stifling, overstuffed cottage.
“You know,” Arisi says—softly, though the village is quiet now, nearly everyone inside eating or sleeping already—“these animals Noah speaks of may not arrive. Perhaps he is so confused that he only believes he has procured them.”
“Perhaps.” I hope Arisi is right, but with all his years here, Noah has come to know every trader who passes through our village. Some of those traders deal in animal skins, and furs, and even great tusks. If the traders don’t hunt themselves, they surely know others who do. And Noah will spare no expense to get what he believes he needs. He’ll probably even pay with his sons’ food stores and livestock—after we’ve loaded the ark, of course—and then we’ll all go hungry this winter, if we aren’t mauled by wild animals first.
That is, if Father can’t talk Noah out of his madness.
“It will be all right.” Arisi’s voice jolts me from my thoughts, and I realize we’re in front of the small cottage she shares with Japheth. “Somehow,” she says, “it will be all right. We have to believe that, or else how can we keep going?”
I think of Mother stomping ahead, of Zeda yanking Shai away. Anger, or embarrassment, or fear of what others will think—so many things can keep people motivated, can drive them forward.
But I like Arisi’s method better.
“I’ll see you tomorrow,” I say, “and hopefully we won’t be baking a year’s worth of flour into bread we can’t keep.”
She smiles. “Tomorrow.”
When she’s gone, I make my steps even slower; I’m not eager to return to our cottage and my mother. But then I hear a voice ahead of me, breathless and irritated:
“Come…back…here…you…rascal…of…a… Neima?”
Jorin stops short, panting, but the goat he’s chasing continues scampering through his fenced courtyard, bleating and shaking and—well—shivering?
“See?” he says as he finally catches up to the goat. “I told you—she shivers at night.”
“But it’s not cold.” I find myself smiling for what seems like the first time in days, though I know it’s been only a few hours at most. It’s such a relief to see Jorin acting as if everything’s normal, as if the world isn’t ending in just seven days. Because it isn’t, of course, and our little world won’t end either, no matter what my grandfather says and does. Like Arisi said, everything will be fine.
Jorin places one broad hand atop the goat’s back, and she quiets and slows her shaking, though she doesn’t stop entirely.
“Poor thing.” I reach one hand over the fence to stroke the goat’s silky fur. “She’s nervous.”
Beneath my hand, her trembling slows further and then, at last, stops. Jorin moves his hand closer, until the tips of our fingers are touching, and looks up at me. “It seems she just wanted some comfort,” he says.
“It seems that way,” I agree. The moonlight settles against the sharp angles of Jorin’s face, and I stare a moment too long before I turn away.
“Jorin?” a rough voice calls from the door of his cottage. “Have you caught that goat yet? Who are you—”
The broad silhouette of Jorin’s father appears in the doorway, shoulders set and face creased with displeasure.
“I should go,” I whisper. Needless words—I’m already backing away.
“Good night, Neima,” I hear Jorin’s hushed voice from behind me as I continue home.

***

Inside, the cottage is dark and Mother lies on her pallet, her eyes closed. I doubt she’s asleep; more likely she just doesn’t want to speak to me, or to Father when he arrives home. I quickly shrug off this miserable woolen dress and slip into one of my linen shifts, and then I grab the wood remnant and my carving knife where I’ve stashed them under my own straw pallet. In the kitchen, I stoke the fire just enough to see by and sit cross-legged before it.
I gaze at the wood, turning it over and over in my palm, trying to clear my mind of everything else: Grandfather Noah, the ark, floods and wild animals. I’m still not sure what shape lies within it, but I brace the wood against one hand and pull my knife toward me, following the grain of the wood, until a small pile of cedar shavings litters the floor around me. My heartbeat and breath slow, matching the careful rhythm of my movements, until I’ve pulled the curve of a head and slope of shoulders from the wood. I continue, molding a vague silhouette that no one else could identify, but I know who is taking shape from the wood: someone who’s no longer a boy, but not quite a man, with hair the same shade as the knife I use to carve his form.



Chapter Three

My parents’ urgent whispers, coming from the kitchen, wrench me from sleep. I stretch my arms and legs on my pallet, working out the stiffness in my limbs; I can tell by the sunlight and birdcalls streaming through the small window that morning has come. I don’t remember Father coming in last night…has he slept at all? Have he and my mother been talking all night?
“…he would not take our side!” I hear from my father.
More low mumbles—Mother is better at keeping her voice down.
“Of course I spoke to Ham alone,” Father breaks in, louder still. “He would not be moved!”
More from Mother, as I creep closer to the kitchen.
“No,” Father says, “I don’t think Ham truly believes in this God, or that the flood is coming. None of us do. But he thinks he can gain some special favor from Noah, and— Neima.” I jolt a little, but his voice softens. “I know you’re awake. You may as well come speak with us.”
I move into the kitchen, and Mother swiftly turns her back on me to tend the fire—though only after throwing a look of disapproval my father’s way.
“She’s not a child, Nahala,” Father says. He looks at me, his face sagging with sleeplessness, his hair rumpled as though he’s been running his fingers through it, over and over. “We can trust you not to repeat what you’ve heard, right, daughter?”
I nod. “So…” I swallow, suddenly aware of the dryness in my throat. “Uncle Ham would not support you?”
My mother rakes the bronze poker over the hearth with a sharp, metallic sound. “No, he’d rather let his wife and young daughter cart food to the ark for no purpose, let his son waste his time wandering the woods and trapping animals, let the rest of the village gawk and gossip and—”
I realize Mother is speaking against her own husband as well. Father does not look angry, though, only exhausted and somehow desperate, his wide shoulders drooping beneath the cloth of his tunic. I remember what he said to me so many years ago, when I first heard about the flood and the ark and ran to him in fear: I promise that if you, if any member of our family is ever in danger, I’ll do everything I can to protect you. But Noah and Ham are as much a part of our family as Mother and I are, so how can Father act against them?
Still, a small, petulant voice within me whispers: Shouldn’t he care for Mother, for me, most of all?
Now, Father clears his throat, interrupting my mother’s complaints: “It is only seven days. We will comply with Noah’s demands, but we will draw out each task, doing as little as possible, so we’ll have less to undo when the flood doesn’t come.” As he speaks, my father seems to grow taller, his stance broadening and his voice deepening. His brown eyes tighten in determination rather than defeat, and I realize it helps him to have a plan, to reclaim what control he can.
It should help me too, but I can’t help thinking of—
“And what of the tigers and lions and wolves?” Mother voices my own concerns, brandishing the poker as if to fend off an imagined beast.
Father sighs. “We will deal with the animals when—if—they arrive.”
And, I suppose, that’s really all we can do.

***

We begin by baking bread, moving between Grandmother Nemzar’s kitchen and the courtyard outside her cottage, where we slide the loaves into the round clay oven. We make the loaves flatter than usual and bake them for longer, hoping they’ll last and our flour won’t be wasted, though our teeth will surely suffer from the hard loaves. Noah has already sent Japheth and Kenaan out into the hills above the village to set traps; Ham and my father are at the ark, making any last adjustments my grandfather deems necessary. Noah himself, however, is still here, puttering around the cottage and watching us and grumbling, until I’m ready to cart supplies to the ark just to get away from him. And to escape the heat belching from the outdoor oven.
Aunt Zeda has brought a wooden cart over from her own cottage, as have Mother and I, so together with Grandfather Noah’s cart we have three. We fill three cloth sacks with grain from the clay bin in Noah’s courtyard, load them into the carts, and then Aunt Zeda, Mother and I each take one cart by the handle. We leave Grandmother and Arisi behind to tend the oven and grind more grain into flour, while Shai scampers after us.
I’m immediately jealous of Shai as she skips and twirls in circles, relishing her freedom from the courtyard, until her twin braids fly out at the sides of her head and wisps of dark hair escape. This cart is heavy and cumbersome and leaves me feeling anything but free. The river and the ark look impossibly far away, especially when the cart’s creaky wooden wheels jar over every stick and stone in my path, and I have to jerk on the handle till my shoulder aches.
It gets worse, though: it seems everyone in the village is outside, feeding animals or baking bread in their own courtyard ovens or patching their roofs before the rains come. And it seems every single person stops his or her task to look at us, until their gazes feel warmer than the sun bearing down above us. Sweat trickles down the back of my neck and under my shift like some insidious crawling thing, and I want to shake both it and the stares away, but of course I can’t. I swear the only villagers I don’t catch sight of are Derya and Jorin, and I’m not sure whether I’m relieved or disappointed. Either way, judging by the whispers spreading far faster than my mother, my aunt and I can carry our load, my friends will know what’s going on soon enough.
By the time we reach the flat wooden bridge that spans the river, my arms and shoulders throb as much from nervous tension as the physical exertion. We guide the carts carefully across the bridge, and then I’m closer to the ark than I’ve ever been before, the smell of the still-wet pitch so overwhelming I’d cover my nose if I had a free hand to do so. Shai coughs and shakes her head and cries out, “Momma, I can’t live in there, even if there is a flood. It’s cursed, it’s cursed!”
Aunt Zeda just hushes her, so Shai runs to me, wrapping a small tan hand in my skirt. “It’s all right,” I whisper, as much for my own comfort as hers. “We won’t have to live inside it.”
But my father and Uncle Ham are coming toward us, circling around the ark’s hulking black side, and it occurs to me that while we may not be moving in, someone must deposit the grain inside. We can’t leave it out here for birds and squirrels to peck at. And despite everything, I’m curious to see more of this project that’s consumed so much of my father’s and uncles’ time.
Father reaches us and lifts the sack from Mother’s cart, and without asking whether I should wait, I haul up my own sack—with much less ease than he does—and follow him to the other side of the ark.
There is a door—two doors, actually, one that opens to the left and one the right—both propped open and both extending higher than the roof of our cottage. I must be gaping, for finally I realize Father’s been tugging on the sack in my arms, but my grip still won’t loosen. “I’ll take it, Neima,” he says. “Go back to your mother.”
“No.” I shift the bag that’s growing heavier by the moment. “I want to see.”
He sighs as if he’d guessed as much, and then I follow him, stepping up, for the floor of the ark is more than a foot’s length above the ground, and through the massive doors.
I expected one open, cavernous space, so I’m disconcerted to find myself in a dim hallway. I blink, adjusting to the sudden lack of light, and make out openings to rooms on either side of me; neither appears to stretch to the end of the ark. A ladder looms ahead of me as well, extending through a hatch in the ceiling, and Father notices me staring.
“It leads to the second level,” he explains. “There are two floors within the ark itself, and then the deck house you can see from outside.”
Two levels? Well, of course—the ceiling above me is as high as the doorway, but only about half the height of the entire ark. It’s just, the amount of work this must have taken…
And all these rooms… Father has led me into the one on the left, and two more open doorways lead off from it, further into the depths of the ark. But what did I expect? After seven years of work, with all the nomads Noah’s hired, some returning year after year, I suppose almost anything is possible.
If only all that hard work actually served some purpose.
“You can drop that here for now,” Father says, his voice gruff—I suspect he still feels guilty after this morning. I think he would do both Mother’s and my work for us, if he could. Out of nowhere, I have the strange impulse to wrap myself around him the way I did when I was much younger, when even on tiptoe I could barely reach his waist. But I’m far too old for that now, and besides, he’s already turned to walk back out of the ark, into the midday sun.

***

Though we work as slowly as we can without rousing Grandfather Noah’s suspicions, over the next days we cart dozens of sacks of grain, barrels of dried fruit and salted meat, and bales of hay to the ark. Even Arisi and Grandmother help, when we have no more flour to bake with and little grain left to grind. I’m not sure which is worse: the glares and whispers and even laughter that grow bolder each time we pass through the village, or the knowledge that in just a few more days, we’ll have to carry everything back again—and through rain and over mud, most likely.
Kenaan doesn’t help much, either, as he runs up several times a day to show Shai and me his latest catch. Once it’s a pair of skittering green things that dash frantically from one side of their cage to the other, making my heart leap in a strange way. I wish he could let them out, could answer their desperate call for release—but not too near me or my cottage. Another time his cage holds a long, slithering brown snake like a coil of clay come to life. “Still have to find a female,” he says, “so let me know if you step on one.”
“Do you even know if that one’s male?” I ask, already knowing the answer. Kenaan just looks away. I think half the time, he hasn’t even managed to catch two of the same kind, much less one male and one female. He just trusts that no one will look too closely—because who would?
On the afternoon of the third day after Noah’s announcement, Kenaan tells me he’s done with reptiles, and now he’s going to trap birds. He waits till Shai is on the other side of the courtyard, eating raisins out of the jar her mother is loading, before he asks, “Want to come with me? Maybe you can sing to attract them.”
“Huh.” Kenaan knows I can’t sing, and I think his entire invitation is a joke, until he goes on:
“Please, Neima. I’m so bored, and you’re the only one who can know what I’m doing.”
I look down at my hands, red and blistered from so many trips with the cart, and then over at Mother, who is doing a poor job of pretending not to eavesdrop. “Oh, just go,” she says as she loads another sack with loaves of over-baked, nearly inedible bread. I know she’s only agreeing because she wants Kenaan for a son-in-law, but right now, I’ll take any opportunity to escape.
On the way out of the village, we run into Jorin, who narrows his eyes in exaggerated suspicion. “Let me guess”—he crosses his arms over his chest—“Noah’s finally taken things too far, so you two are running away to the woods to live together. I thought you’d at least take Shai with you.”
“Very funny,” I say, but Jorin’s looking at Kenaan—or, rather, he’s looking at the box-shaped twig traps Kenaan’s carrying.
“Are you hunting?” he asks.
“In a manner of speaking.” Kenaan smiles. “And your earlier guess is partly right as well: Noah has grown stranger still, and he’s sent us into the hills to capture all manner of birds.”
I guess Kenaan’s not so concerned with keeping our family’s secrets after all, at least not from Jorin.
Jorin frowns. “To eat, or—”
“He wants us to trap them alive and uninjured,” Kenaan jumps in. “Beyond that, I’m not sure.” So it appears he’s not willing to share all our secrets.
Jorin shrugs and then, accepting as always, breaks into a grin that reaches all the way to his eyes. “Well, I’ll come with you. I’d do anything to escape this blasted sun and my father’s endless commands. I’d even put up with your company.” He nudges my shoulder as we head further into the delicious shade of the tree cover, up the first slight slope of the hillside.
“I don’t know,” I say, “you might scare all the birds away.”
“Truly, Jorin”—Kenaan’s shoulders grow rigid, and a new edge creeps into his voice—“our task will be easier without you clomping around making noise.”
“Oh.” Jorin stops walking, his own shoulders slumping, and looks from me to Kenaan and back again. “I’m sorry. I didn’t realize—” He shrugs again and then, without another word, turns and heads back down the hillside.
“Jorin, wait!” I call after him. He ignores me, and I turn to Kenaan, hands on my hips. “What did you do that for?”
“You didn’t really want him tagging along after us, did you?” Kenaan walks faster, so I have to hurry to catch up. “He’s like a lost little lamb.”
“Kenaan!” Yes, I’ve had the same thought, but somehow it’s different, wrong, in Kenaan’s sneering tone. He’s just out of temper, I tell myself, tired of following Noah’s every ridiculous whim, like the rest of us. And he’s taking it out on Jorin.
We walk in silence for a while, the only sounds those of buzzing insects and twigs breaking beneath our bare feet and, of course, the calling and chattering and singing of birds above us. Already I’m dreading the thought of caging even one of them, but hopefully we’ll be able to free them in a few days. I breathe in long and deep as we climb higher into the hills—the air smells of spicy pine and cedar and, best of all, it’s gloriously free of all traces of pitch.
After a few minutes more we reach a small clearing with a fallen log just the right size to seat two people. Thinking of the slinking, slithering creatures Kenaan’s brought back to the village the past few days, I inspect the log carefully before deeming it safe enough to sit, while Kenaan begins setting the traps. He arranges a complex pyramid of sticks that will fall when the bird disturbs the trigger stick—which it will surely do, thanks to the pile of writhing worms Kenaan places beneath the trigger—before he moves on to the second trap on the other side of the clearing.
“With you here,” he says, “we can carry more than one at a time.”
“Mmm,” I say, not really listening, for already a small brown bird is inching closer to the first trap, eyeing the worms inside. It’s a yellow-throated sparrow, with one bright drop of color below its throat the exact golden shade of an egg yolk, placed as precisely as if someone has dabbed it on with a brush. I have a nearly irresistible urge to frighten the bird off, so I force myself to look away, toward Kenaan. “What about the larger birds,” I ask, “the hawks and owls, cranes and swans? Will you trap them as well?”
Kenaan snorts. “If Noah wants those creatures on his ark,” he says, “he’ll have to find someone else to catch them. Or else they’ll just die out when this supposed flood—”
The snap of the sticks falling reverberates inside me, as though someone has plucked a string within the muscles of my chest, my heart. By the time I turn my head, the swallow is already hidden beneath a layer of branches, its squawk of surprise the only sign left of its presence.
“That was fast,” Kenaan says as he makes his way back to me, not even stopping to make sure the sparrow is secure in its new cage. “Let’s hope our second bird isn’t so quick, or we’ll have little time to rest.” He brushes a strand of hair off my face as he sits beside me, and when his hand lingers too long on my neck, I bristle. I’m still irritated with him for what he said about Jorin, and his fingers are hot and moist against my skin. I try to pull away, but he cups my neck in his hand and pulls me closer, until the tip of his nose nearly grazes my forehead.
“Kenaan— What are you—”
“Don’t tell me you haven’t thought about this.” His breath hits my cheek with each word, and then he gives that strange smile of his, lips pulled higher on one side.
Once more I try to pull back, but he lowers his hand to my shoulder and holds it tight, his face moving closer still until his lips are against mine and…
“Kenaan!” I wrench away again, and this time he lets me go. “I— I’m sorry but…I don’t think of you that way.” I can’t look at him, can’t be this close to him so I stand and walk away, my eyes trained on the nearest tree trunk, my heart thumping with shock and embarrassment.
“You don’t think of me that way?” His voice twists with bitterness and, I think, astonishment. “You know we are to be married, right? You know no one else will have you, and soon you’ll have to get over this childish stubbornness and give me what I want.”
I can’t think, can’t believe this is truly happening as I hear his plodding footsteps move closer, closer, and when I whirl around to face him he’s right before me. I take one step away from him, two, three, and my shoulder blades slam into the thick trunk of the tree at my back. Kenaan’s dark eyes pierce into me, something predatory there, more animal than human, and my heart beats faster, the frantic flutter of a bird’s wings. I’ve never seen him like this before: lips parted, teeth bared, as though he’s about to bite down. Where is the boy I’ve known all my life? The boy who helps Shai with her food at dinner, who picks his little sister up and twirls her around? The boy who flirts innocently with Derya at the river, and does every task his mother asks of him without complaint?
He’s angry with Noah, not with me, I chant to myself. He’s angry with Noah, not with me. But I’m the one before him now, and it’s my body he grasps with both hands, making his way roughly over my shift, squeezing my breasts so hard they throb and then moving lower to my waist, and lower still, pinching the fabric of my skirt with both hands and lifting…
My own hands are on his arms, pushing, pushing but his grip is too strong and my heartbeat is booming, not a songbird’s wings but a hawk’s, an eagle’s, and as his hand clutches the bare flesh of my thigh I kick my leg out, hard, in the direction of the bird trap.
There’s the snap of twigs again, the bird rushing upward in a flash of brown and yellow, and Kenaan is turning toward the broken trap, swearing, and I run.
He’s not coming after me, but I can’t stop. My hawk-wing heartbeat pushes my legs forward; the foolish tears pooling in my eyes turn my surroundings into a blur of green and brown. So I don’t see him till I’ve nearly collided with him:
Jorin. He reaches one hand out to steady me, and I force myself to hold still.
“Neima, are you all right?” I still can’t see clearly, and I’m not sure if his voice is concerned or only confused. “Where’s Kenaan? I saw you two, but I wasn’t sure—”
He saw? He saw what was just happening, and he did nothing to stop it?
I push his arm away and tear past him, and though he calls after me once, twice, he doesn’t follow.

***

Though I’m exhausted when I make it back to the village, I pause only to drink some water before I grab my cart for another trek to the ark. Getting straight to work seems like the best way to avoid questions and conversation, and it will provide an excuse for my sweaty, disheveled appearance. But more than that, I’m afraid of where my mind might go if I stop moving for even an instant.
I try to focus on the familiar ache of my blistered hands, my sore legs and shoulders, but a question keeps rising to the surface: Who can I tell?
Not Mother—she’d probably be thrilled at Kenaan’s apparent interest in me, at the chance to force our engagement.
Not Father—it’s improper to speak of such things to a man, and even if it wasn’t, I can’t imagine looking Father in the eye and telling him what Kenaan tried to do.
Not Arisi—between Noah’s demands and the baby, she has enough to deal with, and I wouldn’t want to worry her.
Derya? Perhaps, but I haven’t seen much of her the last few days. And she likes Kenaan so much… Should I warn her? Would he do the same to her, or is it only that he believes he and I will be married, so he has some right to—
No. I have to put it out of my mind, or I might go a bit mad myself.
I make two trips to the ark and back again, three, four, until the sun hangs low in the sky, bleeding streaks of orange and crimson into the horizon. I shovel food into my mouth without tasting it, avoiding my parents’ faces, my mother’s questions. I fall onto my pallet in the darkness, finally allowing my tight limbs to turn to liquid as I collapse, and my shoulder hits something hard. I force myself to sit up again, to reach under my pallet for the offending item: the carving I began…was it only a few days ago?
Carving useless objects out of wood is a strange, stupid, pointless habit. I grab the wooden figure by its crude shoulders and carry it into the kitchen, and then I throw it onto the smoldering fire.

Chapter Four


On the fourth day after Noah’s announcement, the animals begin to arrive.
Even before that, though, the day starts off strangely: Aunt Zeda is loading her cart with all manner of supplies Noah never mentioned, flat clay oil lamps and flasks of olive oil, woolen blankets, clay plates and bowls, extra tunics and shifts. Can she have begun to believe in Noah’s predictions? She mutters to herself as she works, shielding her cart as though the rest of us are spies or thieves. Perhaps this endless dry heat is making all of us a little crazy; it does seem to suck the moisture from our very minds, leaving our thoughts as heavy and motionless as rocks in a dry streambed. I wish the rain would come.
I do not wish Kenaan would come to Grandmother’s courtyard, but he does, greeting his mother and sister first before sidling over to me as if this is any other morning. “I might try to catch a hawk today, Cousin,” he says. “Maybe even an eagle. Would you like to accompany me?”
I won’t look at him, but I can hear the smirk in his words. “No,” I say sharply, focusing on the grain sack beneath my fingers.
“I thought not,” he mumbles under his breath as he saunters off. So this, I guess, is the closest we’ll come to acknowledging what happened yesterday—unless he finds me alone. And I won’t let that happen.

***

When I cross the river on my way to the ark, it’s not the animals I notice first, but the people. Villagers are actually clustered on the far side of the river, nearer the ark than I’ve ever seen them before. Jorin’s father Munzir, a skilled carpenter and a powerful man in our village, speaks in a low rumble I can’t quite make out and gestures wildly with his arms. The others follow his movements with their eyes, faces creased in what looks like worry or anger, looking toward—
Oh. Barred wooden cages are spread everywhere, some taller than any man in our village, and a few strange men roam among them. The traders and hunters, I guess, and I catch sight of at least four of them. How odd that they’ve all arrived at once, as though Noah really has orchestrated all this in a way beyond the power of any man. And Noah himself—he’s speaking to one of the traders, peering into a cage, pointing at a row of items spread out on a blanket on the ground.
Not just any items, though. I recognize the way the sun glints off the metal, separating the sky into golden bars and dazzling the eye, and I can’t keep from running forward despite the growing pit in my stomach. I know even before I’m close enough to see clearly that these are Father’s greatest bronze works: spears and hammers, axes and knives, strong shovels and durable jugs, cuffs and bracelets that exist for no reason other than their beauty. This is years of toil, of time and skill and sweat, laid out on the ground, and Grandfather Noah will trade all of it for wild animals in wooden cages.
A high-pitched squeal comes from one of the cages, and I turn toward it—and find myself staring straight at two lions. Two young lions, not newborns but certainly less than a year old, with eyes too large for their heads and wide, clumsy paws. I breathe out an instinctive sigh of relief, and then realize how foolish that is—they may be young, and certainly preferable to full-grown cats three times their size, but they’re still vicious beasts standing only a few paces from me, with just a measly set of wood bars to separate us.
They don’t look vicious, though, at least not at the moment. One placidly licks a paw while the other explores its cage with unsure steps. It turns and looks right at me, letting out another high, lazy yip: the sound seems to be closer to a yawn than a growl.
One of the traders notices me looking and moves closer. “Are you a member of Noah’s family?” he asks. His accent is so odd, some vowels too clipped and others too long, that it takes me a moment to decipher his words.
“Yes,” I finally answer, “I’m his granddaughter.”
The man nods, his expression serious yet strangely sedate, as though dropping off young lions before a massive ark outside a small village is an everyday occurrence. “You should be safe to enter the cage to clean it and to feed the cats,” he says. “As long as you don’t provoke them, they’re young enough to remain docile.” To prove his point, he reaches through the bars and rubs the nearest lion on the head. It doesn’t protest, but I’m still not eager to follow his lead. “Just use caution and good sense, and remember: their teeth and claws are sharp, and they grow stronger and larger with every day.” I’m becoming used to his accent, but I almost wish I didn’t understand his words. Especially when he adds, “The same holds true for the cheetah and lynx. The bears, though, I’d be wary of, even if they are young.”
He sees me jolt and laughs. “I take it you haven’t had a chance to look around yet? At least your grandfather asked for younger animals, where possible. It could be worse.” Sense within madness, I think. “Although,” the trader adds, “those wolves look full-grown to me.”
You’d think I could keep from jolting again, but I can’t.
The trader follows me as I weave through the scattered cages. I think my reactions to the strange animals amuse him, though if you ask me, I’m taking this all rather calmly. I’m not sure it’s really sunk in yet. In any case, the trader certainly knows more about the animals than I do, so I don’t mind his presence.
There are hyenas and jackals, two stump-legged onagers with reddish fur and black stripes straight down the center of their backs, and bizarre birds that stand on one long, stick-like leg with the other bent. They have long necks, too, that curve in one downward loop and one upward one, and beaks larger than those of any swan or crane. But strangest of all is the color of their feathers: a soft, blushing pink I’ve seen on no other animal, though it reminds me of the honey-scented flowers that grow between tree roots in the spring.
As we move closer, the birds open their great beaks and squawk; they spread wings nearly as wide as I am tall and wobble away from us until they hit the back of their cage.
“They’re skittish creatures,” the trader says, “and they’re far from home. Your grandfather will pay dearly for them.”
Two humpbacked camels, not penned in but ambling around and chewing on the grass, keep wandering perilously close to the caged flesh-eaters. At first I think they’re only the traders’ animals, until I notice Noah inspecting one of them and haggling with the nearby trader. The camel just keeps chewing; it has no idea it will soon be trapped within the walls of a wooden ark.
A bit farther off, two strange, solid-looking animals are tethered to a small juniper tree by a length of rope, though it looks like between the two of them, they could pull the tree out by its roots if they were determined enough. As I move nearer, I see that their gray skin is wrinkled and tough-looking, almost like leather, with reddish hair scattered across their heads and backs. They have wide, floppy ears and, oddest of all, each has a long, tubular protrusion where its nose or snout should be. I think these creatures are elephants, the source of the huge tusks traders occasionally bring to our village. But only one of the two has anything remotely like those tusks, and they’re short, barely peeking out from either side of its long snout. Despite the animal’s size and the weathered look of its skin, it somehow reminds me of a baby smiling, displaying its first two teeth.
“They’re so big!” I say when I’m close enough to realize the larger of the two—the one with the tusks—is nearly as tall as I am, and its four legs appear solid as tree trunks beneath its ample bulk.
The trader beside me begins to laugh, a deep rumble that lasts long enough to concern me.
“What? What is it?” I ask, inching away from the strange beasts.
“It’s just”—he places a hand to his chest, as though he can push the laughter down—“if you think they’re large, I’d love to see your face if you ever catch sight of their mother.”
I still don’t understand.
“These are three years old at the most,” he says, “and still immature. A full-grown elephant looms above any man, and it weighs, I’d say, three or four times as much as these young ones here. The elephant is to other animals as…as this great ark behind us is to the cottages in your village.”
I try to picture such an animal, and a shiver skitters up my arms despite the heat. It sounds as if a full-grown elephant could crush me beneath just one foot.
I’m ready to back away even from these smaller specimens, but the trader places a hand on my arm. “They are gentle giants,” he says. His voice is calmer now, all the laughter expelled. “Plant eaters, peaceful and intelligent.” He releases my arm but beckons me forward, and, though I’m still a bit wary, I follow. “And friendly—look how they’re greeting you.”
Both animals are waving their long snouts in an almost comical manner, reaching them up and down, twisting and curling them, stretching toward—me?
“They’re trying to scent you,” the trader says. “Here—” He reaches for the nearest snout. “Take hold of the trunk and blow into it, like this.”
Trunk? I decide I prefer the term to snout as I follow his lead. The elephant’s skin is as tough as I imagined, but not unpleasant.
“There,” he says. “Now you’ve greeted her, and she’ll remember your scent. Best not leave her brother out.”
“Are they really brother and sister?” I ask as I take the trunk of the small-tusked elephant and blow gently into it.
He shrugs. “They may as well be, now.”
The elephant opens his mouth in a kind of smile and waves his trunk before my face with even greater enthusiasm, brushing against my forehead and nose. The female butts her head against the trader, demanding equal attention, until he pats her trunk. They really are as friendly as he said, and, in their own strange way, lovely. I hate to think of them separated from their parents, whether they’re truly siblings or not.
“You know a lot about animals,” I say.
“I’ve traveled quite a bit.” He glances around as if ensuring we’re alone before continuing in a lower voice. “The word is that your grandfather’s trying to gather two of every animal in the world.” He tilts his voice upward, halfway toward a question but not quite there.
“Um…” I bite my lip. “I think he is, yes.”
“Well,” the trader continues, leaning toward me, about to impart a secret. Perhaps I should be nervous, so close to a man I don’t know, especially after what happened with Kenaan. But I like this man’s gentle treatment of the elephants, and besides, there are plenty of people nearby.
“Well,” he says again, “I’ve seen animals that are not here today, animals I doubt your grandfather has ever heard of. I’ve seen beasts with leathered gray skin and thick bodies like the elephants’, but shorter and squatter and much less pleasant, with a head and horn like a bull’s and a temperament to match. I’ve seen brown-furred creatures that swing from hand to hand in the trees, traveling great distances without touching the ground, and chattering to each other all the while much like humans making conversation. I’ve seen—”
“Please,” I break in, forgetting to keep my voice down. “Don’t tell Noah about these creatures!”
He laughs again. “All right, I won’t. But perhaps you can tell me—what does your grandfather plan to do with all these animals? Why has he built this great, smelly wooden thing that seems almost an animal itself?”
I think of all I could say: Noah is mad; or, A voice in his head commanded him; or, A great flood is coming. Finally, I settle on the truth:
“I have absolutely no idea.”

***

The villagers keep grumbling, led by Jorin’s father, until there’s nothing to do but carry the animals into the ark, where at least they’ll be hidden from prying eyes. My father and uncles have laid a large plank of wood diagonally from the door of the ark to the ground—a “gangplank,” my trader, as I’ve begun to think of him, calls it—and they load the cages onto carts and wheel them in. When Japheth—he looks too young for me to think of him as Uncle Japheth, especially now, with that boyish, ill-humored scowl on his face—comes to retrieve the elephants, something occurs to me.
“They won’t suffocate, will they?” I ask. “If the ark’s doors are closed?”
“Well aren’t you the sweet one,” he says a bit bitterly, “worrying for the welfare of lions and wolves and…these long-nosed things. Don’t worry.” He prods the elephants along, and I want to tell him to be careful with them, but he’s already far enough that he has to call out over the snarling and yowling and whining of many confused, frightened animals. “There are windows in the second level of the ark, and a few openings between the lower and upper levels.”
“Hatches,” my trader says as Japheth disappears behind a cage of mean and unhappy-looking weasels. “Openings between levels of a ship are called hatches.”
I can’t stand to watch this much longer—the animals crying, my father and uncles sweating and swearing, the villagers grousing and griping—and soon I’m thanking the trader and heading back across the bridge to the village.
I’m almost across when a figure comes running toward me, a familiar bronze-headed blur. He brings back memories of yesterday afternoon that cause tension to coil in my stomach, and I walk faster, looking determinedly past him.
Jorin reaches me just as I’m about to step off the bridge, and he stands there, trapping me, his breath fast and ragged. I don’t like this.
“Neima,” he gasps out between breaths, “you have to let me…explain…about yesterday…”
“No.” I start to push past him, and his warm brown eyes turn wide, desperate, in a way that only makes me angrier. Where was that concern yesterday, when I needed it? “I don’t want to hear it.”
Jorin opens his mouth to speak, but before he can, I sense a presence approaching us from behind. I stiffen as a voice calls, “Jorin? Why are you talking to her? Don’t you have work to do?”
Jorin’s jaw clenches; his muscles tighten, hands fisting till the veins stand up on his forearms. “F-father, I—”
Before I can see how Jorin will—or more likely, won’t—defend me this time, I brush past him and hurry toward home.

***

On the fifth day, the clouds come in.
I sense their presence even before I step outside, for when I wake the house is as dark as night. Only the chattering of birds and Mother’s grumbling from the kitchen tell me it’s indeed morning. More than that, though, I can feel the change in the air even through our thick mud-brick walls: the atmosphere has become close and heavy, like hot, sweaty fingers pressing against my skin. It gives me a strange urge to retch, which I must struggle to shake off.
When I do go outside, the clouds hang across the sky like a great mass of wool in a vat of blackberry dye, as though the entire world is in need of dark cloth—perhaps in preparation for mourning? It’s hotter than ever, though now in a sticky, oppressive way, and I have to remind myself that once the first drops of rain break through, relief will come.
My load for the ark is lighter than usual today, for I’ve stacked my cart full of empty leather water skins, which I’ll fill at the river and use to water the animals aboard the ark. If I remember correctly, most of the animals had wooden water troughs within their cages, but I do steal our pigs’ food trough and clean it out, to hold the elephants’ water. Noah certainly won’t mind—I think he’d be happy if we starved the pigs. Ever since he began hearing the Lord God’s voice—or so Mother tells me, since I wasn’t alive yet to witness it—Noah has showed a great distaste for swine, and he still refuses to eat their meat. He won’t even allow Nemzar to bring the flesh of a pig inside their cottage.
As Mother, Aunt Zeda and I head to the ark in our usual line, we pass Derya standing outside her cottage, studying the sky. I lag behind, and the noise of the cart bumping over the still-dry earth is so loud, I know Derya must hear it. But she doesn’t look my way. Finally I say, “Derya,” and she turns slowly toward me. Slowly and…reluctantly? No, I must be imagining things, though her eyes lack their familiar spark.
Still, seeing her for the first time since Kenaan and I…since the bird trapping, I’m overwhelmed by the need to tell someone, to tell her, my best friend, the one who’s never judged me for Noah’s madness, what has happened. The desire swells inside me like the rain within the clouds above, and I can barely hold it in for another second. Derya will toss her head and say Kenaan’s a vain, selfish boy, the same way she says the villagers are foolish and insufferable, and I’ll feel so much better.
But I’m not sure how to begin.
“I…I haven’t seen you much the past few days,” I say.
She looks down at my cart with narrowed eyes. “You’ve been busy.”
“Oh, it’s been awful. So much work for no reason at all.” Once I start talking, the words come faster and faster. “Did you see the animals? And now we have to water and feed those dangerous beasts…”
“It hasn’t been all work, though, has it?” Derya’s voice is sharp, slicing right through my words.
“What do you mean?” I have no idea what she’s talking about.
She looks away, hesitating for a moment…and then she turns those green eyes right on me. “You and Kenaan. He’s telling everyone how you kissed him in the woods.”
My cheeks smart as though I’ve been slapped in the face.
“Oh, don’t look so shocked,” Derya goes on. “Did you really think he’d keep quiet?” She sucks in a heavy breath. “How could you, Neima? You know how much I’ve always cared for him, and you’ve never liked him at all.”
I don’t know what hits me harder: the fact that Kenaan’s telling people I kissed him, or that Derya believes him. I glance around to make sure no one’s watching, and then I grab Derya’s hand. “No,” I say, “that’s not what happened at all. Kenaan…he…I pushed him away, but he tried to force—” The words are impossible to get out, no matter how badly I want to release them.
Derya snatches her hand away. “Now you’re lying too? Kenaan would never do something like that.”
Panic swells suddenly inside me, like clouds invading my chest and throat. “Please”—I glance around again, afraid Kenaan’s going to materialize out of the sweltering air—“can we just go somewhere private, so I can explain? I’ve wanted to tell you so much—”
Derya’s eyes harden into little green gems. Drops of sweat appear on her creased forehead. “No,” she says. “I never want to speak to you again.”

***

She didn’t mean it, I tell myself as I yank the cart forward, nearly tripping in my effort to put distance between me and my—former?—friend. Sweat beads and drips down my own forehead, and I struggle to inhale the stale, soggy air. Derya’s just upset, and this weather has us all on our last nerve. Noah and Uncle Ham and Aunt Zeda, Mother and Father and Kenaan, none of us are behaving as we ought—
And why am I always making excuses for everyone else?
I don’t think about any of this for long, though, because when I reach the far side of the river, there is a tiger. And it is not a cub.
The animal paces behind the thick wooden bars of its cage, its orange and black and white body immense, its muscles rippling beneath its fur in a way that reminds me of molten bronze: liquid and white hot and very, very dangerous. Every once in a while it draws its lips up and back in a snarl, revealing fangs that, even from a distance, I can tell are longer than my longest finger. Behind the tiger, another, smaller orange-and-black shape lies curled in the corner of the cage.
No other cages or free-roaming animals crowd the grass today; it’s as if the tiger’s owner arrived late on purpose, to avoid upstaging the other creatures with this great cat’s magnificence. And its ferocity
The same group of disgruntled villagers is here again, too, keeping well away from the cage. They protest in much lower tones than they did the day before, as though they’re afraid to let the tiger know it’s displeasing them.
Well, I’m afraid as well. As soon as I can fill these water skins I’m heading to the ark, and for once I’ll be glad to step inside—
“Are you one of Noah’s daughters?”
The man who approaches me must be the tiger’s owner, for he certainly isn’t from our village or anywhere nearby. His accent is even more inscrutable than yesterday’s trader’s, though it’s completely different, a drawl that stirs his words together into a thick, soupy mass. He wears a strange outfit made entirely of leather, and a long, thick scar runs the length of one arm like a mark of honor, or bravery. Or perhaps just stupidity. Some wild creatures, I think, should simply be left alone.
He’s still awaiting my answer, and I’ve begun to shake my head no when he gestures to my cart and the full water bladder in my hands. “You take care of the animals, yes?”
“Uh…”
“I’ll show you how to feed the tiger.”
I nearly spill water all over my skirt. “Oh! No! I’m sure my uncle…,” I don’t really want to sentence anyone to this fate, but I settle on, “…Ham will be happy to learn. I’ll go find him right—”
“I showed the men already, but you should know as well.”
I look around for my father or uncles or even Mother, knowing any one of them would put a stop to this, but they must all be inside the ark or back in the village. And the trader—no, hunter—is just standing there, so I reluctantly follow him closer to the tiger, aware of the villagers’ eyes on me all the while.
Soon I’m close enough to see the tiger’s amber eyes that catch the sun in their corners, its long and incongruously delicate whiskers, the burnished tint of its fur. It takes my breath away. Behind it, the cub raises its head to look at me, a perfect miniature. “Are they…are they mother or father and…”
“Mother and son, yes.” The hunter is right beside the cage now, and when he pulls free a wide panel of wood, my heart lurches: it looks like he’s removed the entire back of the cage. He hasn’t really—it’s only an extra piece of wood propped against the back—but my nerves prompt me to ask:
“Couldn’t it—she—chew through those bars if she wanted?”
The hunter gives me a mischievous, gap-toothed smile. “She might try, if she’s bored or angry enough, but I doubt she’ll get far. These are thick, strong bars of cedar wood”—he strikes his hand against the front of the cage, making me jump back, though the tiger barely seems to notice—“and she’d have to break through quite a few to make an opening large enough for her body.”
I hope he’s right.
He slips the wood panel through the bars in the side of the cage, just in front of the pacing tiger, and pushes it along until it extends out the other side. “Now, you can open the front of the cage to clean it and bring in food and water.”
Wonderful. That makes me feel so much safer.
Tiger or no tiger, there’s still an ark full of animals to feed, so I take my leave of the hunter and head back to the river to collect my cart.

***

I thought fresh pitch on a hot day might be the worst odor in the world, but I was wrong. The worst odor in the world is the urine and dung and sweat and fear emanating from dozens of caged, confused animals, all cramped together in a wooden structure on a muggy afternoon. When I first enter, the smell nearly knocks me over. I should probably clean out some of that dung, but I decide I’d rather put up with it and get out of here faster.
It’s dark in here, too, and with all the cages that weren’t here yesterday, I find myself stumbling as my eyes adjust. Gradually I make out my mother and Aunt Zeda, Father and Uncle Ham and Japheth, all running around carting sacks of grain and barrels of salted meat, looking nearly as frantic as the animals themselves. This is a huge job, and I’m sure the presence of a tiger outside doesn’t help.
Mother sees me and grabs me by the arm. “Don’t go near the meat-eaters,” she tells me. “The men will handle them.” I’m happy enough to obey her, but there are still so many animals left—in addition to the ones that arrived yesterday, Japheth has been trapping all week. He’s brought in two knock-kneed, trembling young deer he’s fenced into a corner; porcupines and hedgehogs that appear permanently curled into prickly balls; rabbits and squirrels and even mice, though I suspect quite a few of those are already hidden in the dark recesses of the ark. Or perhaps the cats have frightened all the wild mice away, even from within their cages.
Some of the animals are so far outside my realm of experience, it’s hard to know what to feed them. When I reach the large, stick-legged birds I’ve decided to call flower-birds for their pink, petal-like wings, I sprinkle grain on the floor of their cage. They peck disconsolately at it for a moment and then turn away. I can almost feel their homesickness through the bars between us, and it makes my chest ache.
“Fish,” a high voice calls just behind me, and I turn to see Shai. I didn’t even realize she was here. “Feed them fish.”
“I don’t think…”
She’s already run off, and she returns a minute later with a handful of salt-cured fish. I frown down at it.
“They live near the sea,” she insists, breaking the fish into small pieces and throwing it right into the birds’ full water trough.
“Shai! What are you doing?”
“The trader told me!” she protests in the pouting voice of a child too used to being scolded.
Before I can say more, both birds hurry over and dip their heads into the water, their beaks opening and closing so fast they appear to be shaking, or shivering. In a few moments, the fish are gone.
“Well.” I put one hand on Shai’s shoulder, glad she was here to help me. “Good job.”
Shai follows me to the elephants, and I find that someone—probably Japheth, as he’s skilled and quick with wood—has built a two-sided fence, enclosing them against the ark walls, and filled the space with hay. Perhaps Japheth sensed how much I liked the elephants, and he wanted to give them what little comfort he could. I’ll have to thank him.
Japheth has even built a little latched door into the fence, and I step through it, dragging the pig trough, while Shai follows with a water skin. As soon as I empty the water into the trough, the male elephant lumbers over, sucks the water up with his trunk…and dumps it all over his back.
I want to call out the elephant’s name in reprimand, but he doesn’t have one, so I just put my hands on my hips and say, “What a waste! I had to carry that water all the way from the riv—”
The elephant blows the last drops of water from its trunk right into my face, and I gasp. Shai’s laugh rings out, and I swear the elephant is laughing too, along with his sister behind him, both their mouths open wide. And, all right, I’m smiling as well. The cool water is refreshing, even if it’s wasteful.
“You—you—” Clearly I’ll have to give the elephant a name. “I’ll call you Bilal”—wet—“because that’s what you’ve made me.”
The female elephant taps her trunk on my shoulder, reminding me not to leave her out.
“We could call her Enise,” Shai suggests, patting the elephant atop her head.
Enise means lovable or friendly, and both seem perfect to me.

***

By the time we leave the ark, the sun is low in the sky—or it would be if we could see it, but the clouds have grown even thicker, nearly hiding the sun’s rays completely. At first I’m just happy to breathe air free of animal odors, but then I see Noah facing Munzir and the clump of disgruntled villagers behind him. My chest tightens, and when I catch sight of Jorin standing beside the river, looking from his father to me with those wide, worried eyes, what last bit of breath remains is squeezed from my lungs.
Mother clutches my hand and yanks me forward. “Come on,” she mutters, “leave the men to their arguing. We still have supper to prepare.”
But as we move closer to the crowd, we can’t help but listen to Munzir’s shouts. His voice is so acrid, hateful, even, that I find it hard to believe he’s Jorin’s father. “I’ll give you one more day,” he says, “and if that tiger isn’t gone, I’ll, I’ll—”
“You’ll do nothing,” Noah breaks in. His own voice is lower, calmer, yet it thrums with the strength of his conviction as he proclaims, “For God will smite down any who interfere with His will.”
Munzir opens his mouth, perhaps to laugh; but just at that moment a single drop of rain falls from the sky, so slowly, so agonizingly slowly, and lands with an audible plink on the crown of Munzir’s forehead. It traces its way down the center of his nose, over the curves of his now-closed lips, and down his chin until it falls from the tip of his beard, disappearing into the dry, thirsty ground.
We all wait, breaths held, for the next drop to fall, perhaps on our own sweat-soaked, thirsty foreheads. But the clouds seem to be holding their breath too, and no more raindrops come. Instead, the words fall from Munzir’s mouth:
“If that tiger isn’t gone by the day after tomorrow,” he says, “I’ll burn down your precious ark, and every creature within it.”


Chapter Five

On the sixth day, we feed and water the animals.
While Noah remains in his cottage all morning, unconcerned, my father and uncle argue over whether to leave the tiger outside the ark, where it—she—will antagonize the villagers, or bring her inside, where she will antagonize the other animals. Eventually they bring her in, and the instant squeals and grumbles, whimpers and moans, and even a few low growls from throughout the ark astound me. The animals seem to possess some innate sense, beyond hearing or smell or sight, that alerts them to the presence of a true predator.
Even disregarding the tiger, though, the animals are clearly suffering from their confinement. Some pace and snarl in agitation; others appear listless and apathetic. I imagine that they, like me, are waiting for the slap-slap of the first raindrops against the ark’s wooden roof. I suspect that the echo of falling rain will dance beneath the ark’s high rafters, like a cacophony of eager footsteps; that it will sound nothing like the familiar hiss and sizzle of the raindrops disappearing into the thatched roof of our cottage. But I don’t find out, for since that first drop of rain against Munzir’s forehead, the clouds have held their breath. It feels like the world itself has teased us, tricked us, promising relief and then withholding it. My throat is so dry it aches, but I know every sip of water I take is one less for the animals
I save the elephants for last, and though Shai and I spend as long as we can petting and soothing them, Enise and Bilal still bellow after us when we must go. We can’t allow Munzir to destroy the ark and—
Apparently my father and uncles have the same concern, though perhaps not for the same reason, for I find them gathered before the ark’s open doors, arguing again. Noah is here too, proclaiming that God will take care of Munzir, that we need only to wait. Ham nods in agreement—sincere or not, who can tell?—while Father murmurs that Munzir’s threats are likely just hot air, and Japheth says that the rain sure to come at any moment will distract the entire village. My stomach churns; my throat burns even hotter. They aren’t going to do anything. They aren’t going to protect the animals we’ve stolen, wrenched from their wild homes for no reason at all. The whole thing makes me sick to my stomach.
I hurry ahead to the cottage, wanting nothing more than to be alone. The villagers’ threats and taunts, Keenan’s lies, Jorin’s and Derya’s betrayals—it’s all too much. I have never felt so small and so powerless.

***

I sleep poorly and wake early to a hissing sound, like a serpent against my ear. I curl into myself, shivering a bit, when I realize it:
The temperature has dropped. The hissing sound is wind, and water. The rain has come.
I jump up, my shivers gone—it’s not cold, just wonderfully cool, with a whirling breeze carrying the scent of rain through the window—and hurry outside. As I expected, the whole village seems to be standing outdoors, faces tilted upwards, the children laughing and squealing and catching raindrops on their tongues. The rain is light, a mere tickle on my skin, and it lifts the tension from my muscles as surely as it’s lifting the drought and heat from the earth. How could anyone think of fire, of flames and destruction and death, at a time like this? Even Munzir’s spirits will lift today, and he’ll hold off. I’m sure of it.
By the time I’ve tended to our own sheep and goats—they’ve certainly been neglected these past seven days, poor things—and headed back inside, my tunic is soaked through. I change into a dry one and, on impulse, wrap a wide cloth belt of cornflower blue around my waist. I want to feel as fresh and new as the world around me, if only for a moment, before I’m wet and muddy and disheveled again.
Mother tells me not to go to the ark—only the men are going today, in case Munzir does try something—and I’m surprised to find my mood deflating. I realize I was actually looking forward to the ark, despite the wretched smell and endless work, for the chance to see Bilal and Enise, the flower-birds and even, from a distance, the tiger.
Mother has her spindle out, and I begin to thread the loom, which will occupy so much of my time in the rainy months to come. I choose a light gray yarn, dyed with iris root, that reminds me of the shade of Bilal’s skin. By the time I’ve woven this cloth, Bilal and his sister will be long gone, roaming near some ample lake where they can waste as much water as they want splashing each other…
It seems that only a moment has passed when the whisper of rain against the walls dissolves all at once, swept away in a sudden torrent of sound, a rush of water tumbling earthward with the roar of some great beast. Rain spits sideways through the windows, threatening to turn our floor to mud, and Mother jumps up to close the wooden shutters.
“It’s really coming now,” she says, quite unnecessarily, but I understand—this strangely transformed world just begs to be acknowledged aloud, as if only doing so will make it real.
A crash comes out of nowhere, a sound not of water but of something solid rending, splitting, falling, followed by shrill screaming. I run to the door without thinking and the water hits me like a wall, blinding me, pushing me back. It takes all my strength to force my way outside, where, eyes narrowed, I make out children bracing themselves, hands on knees, some down on all fours in the now-slippery earth. The rains can be ferocious, yes, especially when they first arrive…but have they ever been like this before? Not in my lifetime, I don’t think.
I struggle forward till I can just glimpse the cause of that solid crash, blurred through a curtain of rain: a cottage has crumbled to the ground, its roof split down the middle, its foundation collapsed under the weight of the roof and the water. My throat tightens: that is—or was—Hannah’s dwelling. As a widow with no sons, Hannah had no one to shore up her cottage before the rainy season. How many years have passed since anyone’s even offered to patch her roof?
I look for Hannah herself, knowing Mother would want me to offer her shelter, but I can’t see past the crowd of taller villagers quickly forming around her cottage. Someone will take care of her, at least.
Another crash rings out over the rain, the sound reverberating down to my bones, and before my eyes the roof of another cottage slides forward, over the still-standing walls and all the way to the ground, as easily as mud sliding down a hillside. And this is Emir’s house. I saw him repairing his roof just a day or two ago.
I’m trapped in place, suddenly, my body turned solid as stone in my bewilderment and fear, even as the world is tearing to pieces before me and the rain seems determined to knock me onto my knees. And then, through the swirl of wind and water, a single word rises, a harsh, cutting word, repeating and gathering strength like a chant:
“Curse. Curse. Curse. Curse. The ark has brought this curse upon us.”
I need to move. I need to run to the ark and warn the men, or hurry back to my mother and tell her—what? That our roof may cave in on her?—and Arisi and Grandmother Nemzar and even Aunt Zeda, I must tell them too. Why can’t I move?
When I see my father appearing out of the chaos, his form parting the sheets of rain before him, I don’t trust my eyes. But his rain-slicked hand on my arm is real enough, and my feet finally remember how to lift and step forward, as he leads me back to our own cottage.
Inside, my mother grabs Father’s arms and pulls him to her, but he shakes her off—along with quite a bit of water. “We must go now,” he says, “or the river will be too high to cross.”
“Go?” Her brows furrow. “Go where?”
“The ark, of course.” He casts his gaze desperately around the cottage, looking, I guess, for any supplies he can grab. “Noah wants me to bring our goats, but you two can run ahead and—”
“But Father, they’re saying the ark has caused—”
He shoots me a warning glance nearly as fierce as the weather outside. “Don’t alarm your mother. Not even Munzir could keep a torch lit in this downpour, and the ark will be safer than this cottage. If we can get there now. Grab what you can—blankets, bread—and go! I’ll tether the goats and catch up.”
“The ark, safer? Why?” Mother asks, but Father is already running out the door. I think of the roof caving in over our heads and decide I don’t want to spend one more minute beneath it. I grab a shawl to tie around my head, a blanket and a few extra shifts, and then, impulsively, I reach under my pallet and pull out my bronze knife, tucking it beneath the blue cloth at my waist.
I lead the way to the open doorway, Mother at my heels, and when we step outside she reels back, shocked by the force of the water and wind. I grasp her hand, and she squeezes mine, clutching so hard it’s as if she needs my support to move forward. It’s a strange feeling—I don’t think either one of us has supported the other in years, more like politely tolerated each other’s presence and nothing more—but I can’t dwell on it now.
The raindrops pelt us with the weight of stones as we go on, the ground beneath our bare feet so slippery we nearly slide down like that cottage roof with every step. There’s another crash, and Mother gasps, squeezing my hand even tighter. I don’t even look, not wanting to know whose home has collapsed this time. The only upside is that the villagers are now too distracted to rail on about curses.
“Neima!” My name twists toward me, swirling on the wind, and my eyes follow the sound to see Arisi fighting her way through the wall of water. Japheth has a hand on her arm, doing his best to support her, but he’s also dragging two panicked sheep behind him. I awkwardly shift my bundle of fabric beneath one arm so that, once Arisi’s close enough, I can grab her free hand in mine. Then, with my mother on one side and Arisi on the other, we head farther into the storm.

***

The ark comes into view gradually before us, its dark form separating by degrees from the clouds surrounding it, until it grows so solid and formidable I can almost believe it is cursed, the cause of this destruction around us, still standing strong while everything else falls. But in spite of this we’re moving toward the ark, not away, hoping it will offer us some safety. What else can we do?
Before we can reach the ark, though, we have to contend with the river. I have never seen it rise so fast, the water rushing and roiling toward a boil, and already the flat wooden bridge has nearly disappeared beneath its surface. When we begin to cross, the chilly water swirls around my calves, and it reaches almost to Arisi’s knees, leaving her wobbling and unsteady. But worst of all are the sheep, who tug on their tethers and refuse to set foot in the river, no matter how Japheth yanks them forward. He tries to leave the ewe on the bank and pick up the massive ram, but the ewe bolts for the village and he has to abandon the ram to run after it. It quickly becomes clear I’ll have to trust my mother to guide Arisi across, while I go back to help Japheth.
I clutch the ewe tightly as Japheth half carries, half drags the ram across the rising water. The sheep’s fleece is so slippery I can barely keep my grasp, but I’m afraid if I hold only her tether, she’ll choke in her struggle to escape me: she wants so badly to run from the river, she fights my hold with a force that almost seems to equal the rain above us. By the time Japheth returns to take her from me, I’m gasping for each breath, my heart racing and my arms shaking from my effort.
When I cross the river this time, the water nearly reaches my own knees.
I’ve been so focused on my task that not until I’m across, and have taken a long moment to catch my breath, do I notice what Mother, Arisi and Japheth are all staring at, wide eyed, slack jawed: a bright red spot of flame burning, impossibly, in the midst of this wet gray world.
Munzir and a few other villagers have wrestled a white tarp over a tree and pinned it to the ground, like one side of an open tent, and beneath it they’ve somehow managed to kindle a small fire. Munzir holds a long torch and keeps thrusting it into the flames, but each time he pulls it out, the rain instantly extinguishes it. As if he senses my eyes on him, he turns his face toward mine: the rain has soaked his hair and beard till it’s black as pitch, black as Kenaan’s curls; his features twist in fury and hatred, and raindrops settle into each crevice of his skin. What has my family done—what have I done—to make him hate me so much? Again I find it hard to believe this man is Jorin’s father. If Jorin’s expression ever contorts with such viciousness, if his eyes ever turn so dark, I don’t know what I’ll—
There’s a blur of movement behind the fire, a figure stepping out from the back of the clump of villagers. I can barely make out his face, and I certainly can’t read his expression, but I know the shade of that hair, golden and distinctive even when it’s so wet it’s plastered to his head:
It’s Jorin. He’s not holding a torch like his father, like the others gathering close to the fire, but he’s there, standing beside them. And that tells me all I need to know.
I scramble to catch up with Mother and Arisi, my heart thudding against my ribcage, my mind whirling like the gusts of air around us. Will they find some way to keep the torches lit? Will they really try to burn down the ark—with us inside it? From the corner of my eye I glimpse sparks of flame moving closer, flying on the wind, and I’m not sure whether I’m imagining them.
“Neima!” I’m startled to hear a male voice calling and then relieved, a moment later, to see Father dragging our goats behind him. His mouth moves, but most of his words are lost to the storm. Still, he waves the goats’ tethers toward me, and I know what he wants.
As soon as I take the goats, Father runs for Munzir and his followers. I look between him and the ark, where Mother and Arisi are already stepping inside, while Noah bursts out past them, his long blue and white robe waving in the wind. I need to bring the goats in, but somehow I’m frozen again, watching Noah approach the fire with a look of wrath to equal Munzir’s on his face.
“Why did you not listen?” Noah roars out over the tempest of sound. His voice is louder than I’ve ever heard it, powerful and assured, no longer the voice of an old man. In fact, it barely seems human. “I warned you,” he goes on, “that God will smite down—”
A sound so great it’s not a sound at all, but a force that rends the sky in two and threatens to take the earth with it, blots out the rest of Noah’s words. Blots out everything—Munzir’s reply and the villagers’ protests, the pounding of rain against my skin and the air whooshing past my ears, the beating of my heart and the blood moving inside me. For an endless moment, that first clap of thunder is the entire world.
And then time rushes forward again, and with it the rain seems to double its force, making me stumble and knocking the goats to their knees. Some of the villagers are falling, too, hands splaying in the mud as they struggle to right themselves. The lightning comes, then, illuminating this gray world just long enough for us to see Munzir’s tarp ripped from the nails that hold it, flung into the sky where it whirls, lost, a white bird too fragile to direct its own course.
In moments, the fire is nothing but a drenched pile of sticks.
Mouths are moving, people must be screaming, the trembling goats beside me must be squealing, but the only sounds left in the world are the crash of water and wind and the boom of thunder. I urge the goats forward, but as soon as they find their footing they slip again, and I do as well. It takes all my attention just to make some slow progress toward the ark, dragging the goats behind me, and I have to narrow my eyes against the increasingly sharp barbs of the raindrops. So I don’t even try to see what’s going on with my father and Noah, Munzir and the ruined fire. And I don’t see the shape approaching me as I stumble onward, till I’m only a few steps from the ark’s open doors—
—and a cold, wet hand grabs my arm.
It’s Jorin, his eyes wide and his lips moving furiously, though I can’t make out a single word. I try to pull away from him and he just comes closer, his mouth moving even faster; every minute facet of his expression beseeches me to listen, to understand. I’m doing my best to hold on to my anger against him, but it’s slipping away, a mere gust of hot air that means nothing as the world breaks into pieces around us. And then I no longer care what he’s saying; I only want to tell him: Go back, now, while you can still cross the river. I hope your home is strong. Stay safe.
I must be speaking aloud, for Jorin’s lips have stopped moving and he’s leaning even closer, as though he can pluck my words out of the wind. Then a hand grabs my other arm—Father. He takes the goats’ tethers from me and pulls me away from Jorin, into the ark. And I let him.
Inside, the sound of rain is, incredibly, even louder. It echoes off the ark’s surface like a herd of elephants much larger than Bilal and Enise, and it seems to stampede across my very mind, making any attempt at speaking pointless. I can’t even hear the creatures who must be wailing in all manner of animal languages. Father pushes me up the ladder to the second floor, while he disappears to deposit the goats somewhere.
It’s dark up here as well as loud, and it takes a minute for my vision to adjust well enough to see we’re all here: Uncle Ham and Aunt Zeda, with Shai curled up and crying beside her; Grandmother Nemzar on Shai’s other side, stroking her back; my mother huddled in a corner, hands over her face; Japheth holding Arisi. Kenaan is nailing blankets to the windows, which does little to keep out the sideways gusts of rain. A moment later Father reaches the top of the ladder, and then only Noah is missing.
Father has just stepped off of the final rung when a voice booms out, incredibly, over all the other cacophony. It’s Noah’s voice, that newly powerful, inhuman voice, ringing from the entrance to the ark.
“It is come,” he says. Then, another noise: the clap of the ark’s doors closing.
We’re shut inside.

Part Two: The Flood

And I say, “oh, that I had wings like a dove!
I would fly away and be at rest;
yes, I would wander far away;
I would lodge in the wilderness; Selah
I would hurry to find a shelter
from the raging wind and tempest.”

--Psalm 55:6-8

Chapter Six

Time moves strangely up here, in this dark, damp space with the rain beating like a wall of sound around us: thoughts come slowly, but once they’ve formed, they hang on tight and refuse to let go. Then there’s a struggle, a tussle between one idea and the next…a long moment of emptiness, of blackness…and the next thought takes root.

And the cycle begins again.

I’m shivering. I’m cold. I’m freezing.

It’s not cold in here—it’s stuffy and close and rather humid—but my clothes and hair are soaking wet and refuse to dry. The extra shifts and blankets I grabbed back at home—home—are soaked through as well.

Arisi is shivering too. So is my mother.

Aunt Zeda has blankets. Dry blankets. She brought them to the ark several days ago. Kenaan is nailing some of them over the windows, but the rain still gusts in. It’s freezing. I’m freezing.

Aunt Zeda will share her blankets, but only since we know it’s her generosity that warms us. Her forethought we should be thankful for. I can tell all this from the way her mouth moves, though I hear only the pounding rain.

Not so cold anymore. But still clammy. If the men weren’t here, I’d peel this ruined, mud-splattered shift off me right now. Will I have to sleep here, in the same room as Grandfather Noah and Uncle Ham and Japheth? As Kenaan?

Light. Sickly lemon light shoots through the window, and by the time I realize it’s there, it’s gone again. Extinguished like Munzir’s fire.

Lightning. And the ark is so tall, taller than the highest cedar tree in our village. And at its center rises that deck house, and its pointed roof.

Grandfather Noah is descending the ladder from the deck house right now. There’s another flash of light, and I catch his grimace of pain as he bends and extends his knees, as though his old joints pain him. His hands tremble so badly he can barely keep hold of the rungs, but finally 
he reaches the foot of the ladder. He speaks to my father, but Father shakes his head, leans closer, his ear nearly against Noah’s mouth.

Noah is an old man again. Gone is the voice powerful enough to cut through thunder, the arms strong enough to wrench closed massive ark doors. He’s just like the rest of us. Human.

Father is crouching beside Mother now, speaking into her ear.

Mother has shifted closer to me. With one hand cupped over her mouth, she screams into my ear, and still her words are like leaves trampled and torn under the weight of the rain, a few of them lost to the wind. “Father says…worry…watch for fire…safe.”

Father and Uncle Ham have followed Noah up the ladder to the deck house. I suppose they’re watching for lightning, for a fire, so they can get us out in time.

But “Father says…worry” echoes against my ears, just beneath the rhythm of the falling rain.

My clothes are almost dry. Time must be passing.

I hope the men managed to feed all the animals this morning.

Smell is nearly as powerful as sound. It’s finally dawning on me why my stomach feels so wretched—and why I’m not hungry, though I haven’t eaten since this morning. I should really go clean up some of that animal waste.

I’ve been curled up against the side of the ark so long my muscles throb. Why do I feel like I shouldn’t move? There’s no logical reason not to get up and go check on the animals. It’s not as if the storm can see me through the ark’s walls, as if my moving will catch the rain and wind and lightning’s attention and bring their fury down upon us.

But that’s how it feels.

I don’t think I’m alone in this strange notion, either: aside from the men who’ve taken turns watching from the deck house, none of us have moved since we wrapped ourselves in Zeda’s blankets…what…hours ago? Even Kenaan has just been sitting here, not even jiggling his foot as far as I can tell, since he finished securing the windows.

Surely we can’t stay like this much longer. It will get even darker soon. What will we do when we have to relieve ourselves? I can’t believe I’m trapped here like this, so close to Kenaan…

But what’s happening to everyone outside?

I can’t think about that now. Not when this endless clamor has begun to feel like a series of nails driving their way through my skull.

At least I’m not shivering anymore.

I hope the animals are all right.

That odor really is awful.

In the end it’s Aunt Zeda who organizes things and gets us moving, first shouting into her husband’s ear and then my father’s and Japheth’s, then yanking me and Arisi, my mother and Grandmother Nemzar and Shai up from our places on the floor, one by one.

I realize she can’t just ask us to stand and follow her, at least not without screaming herself hoarse, but I’m still irritated when she tugs my elbow a bit more sharply than necessary.

Aunt Zeda leads us into the next room, where sacks of grain and other supplies line one wall like a mound of solid shadows. My eyes have adjusted well enough that I can see Zeda rooting around for an empty bucket, placing it in a corner, struggling to hang a blanket from the rafters, finally giving up and running for Kenaan, who nails the blanket into place.

Once Kenaan leaves the room, I can at last admit that, yes, I need to relieve myself. Badly.

With that done, I join Mother, Grandmother and Arisi in arranging blankets against one wall of the ark. It seems we’re going to sleep in here and the men in the other room, closer to the deck house.

It also seems we’re running out of blankets.

Aunt Zeda unearths some of our over-baked bread and a few full water skins just in time: in moments, a new darkness descends, one so deep I can barely make out the shape of my own hand.

Someone presses a hunk of bread into my palm, and since I don’t know what else to do with it, I eat it.

Then my throat is coated with sawdust, so when someone passes me a water skin, I drink.

Then there’s nothing to do but curl up against the wall and pretend to sleep.

***

It begins in the middle of the night, or perhaps the early morning. My stomach lurches. The blood inside me lurches. My bones lurch. And then I realize the movement’s not inside me at all. The floor is lurching, tipping, angling to one side just the smallest bit. I’m not even sure how I know this, as I huddle in this pitch darkness, unmoving, unseeing, though not unhearing—no, the pounding of the rain is relentless. But somehow my body senses the change around me. My mind and my useless eyes and ears and all my limbs scramble to find a new equilibrium, but all that frenzy inside me just leaves me even dizzier. And then there’s the ba-rum, ba-rum of my heartbeat, so forceful it’s almost painful. It’s fear that makes my heart so strong and so heavy—fear of what that tilting floor might mean. I wish I could tell whether the others were awake, could ask Arisi what she’s thinking. I almost wish the lightning would return, if it meant I could see what’s going on, even for an instant.
Another lurch. If someone screamed, would I hear it? If I screamed, would I hear it?
There’s nothing to do but wait. I clench my jaw, my shoulders, my fists, focus on the sensation of my fingernails digging into my palms, and wait…
And wait…
And wait…

A body smacking into mine wrenches me out of half sleep. It must be morning; just enough light leaks in for me to make out Arisi’s delicate features beside me. Her eyes are stretched wide, one hand clutching my arm and the other on her stomach, as we slide farther and hit Mother on my other side. I hear her cry of shock—it’s a loud cry, but still, the rain must have abated a little—and then we’re shifting back, in the opposite direction, and Aunt Zeda gives a shrill protest as Arisi knocks against her. It’s all so strange and ridiculous, I’m not sure whether to scream or laugh. Or pinch myself and hope that I wake up safe at home, that this is all a mad dream brought on by Noah’s ravings.
But my stomach is sloshing around inside me as though it’s being tugged in three—no, four—directions at once, and I realize that in addition to the sideways lurching, the floor is rocking forward and backward a bit. And I know this is no dream, for no dream could force such bile to my throat and leave me whirling, dizzy and faint, untethered from the ground yet held in place by the discomfort inside me.
And then it gets worse: my stomach is rising now, forcing itself up through my chest, toward my throat, blocking my airway as I try to breathe through the nearly unbearable sensation…
…a moment of nothingness, of pure, weightless relief…
…and my stomach slams back down, hard, with an explosion of pain like stars. I try to rise, to make it to the bucket in the corner but I’m stumbling, tripping over myself and it makes me feel even worse, and then the sounds and smells around me tell me the others aren’t making it to the bucket either, and then I give up.

***

Somehow we trek the impossible distance across the floor that shifts in all directions beneath us, through the open doorway, back to the room with the ladders, where the men slept. They’re awake too. And as sick as we are.

***

That rising-falling feeling happens again and again, both inside and outside our bodies, as we sit or—in most cases—lie flat on the floor against the wall. After Father manages the climb to the deck house and back down again, he confirms what we already know: it’s the sensation of water lifting us, lifting the ark off the ground. I’d refuse to believe him if I could, but the ark won’t let me—it won’t stop rocking and rolling backward and forward, to one side and the other, buffeted by the wind above and the water below.
Is there any dry land left at all? I glance to the windows above me, but even lifting my head makes the room spin around me, and rising to my feet seems out of the question. Besides, the windows are so high I’d barely be able to see out even if I stood on tiptoe, and Father says all you can see from that angle is clouds and rain, anyway—you have to climb to the deck house for a clear view.
And none of us seem capable of making that journey again right now, not even Father.
I remind myself how much worse Arisi must feel, with her swollen stomach: she has her own bucket beside her now, and it seems she’s barely lifted her head from it in an hour. And poor crying Shai, who is far too young to deal with this. And then there are all the people outside the ark…. But to tell the truth, though it shames me to admit it, at this moment nothing seems to exist outside my own heaving stomach, my shaking limbs, my throbbing head. I’ve been sick to my stomach before, when I ate something that disagreed with me, and once, as a child, I lay ill for nearly a week with a terrible fever. But I’ve never experienced a sickness like this before, a pain that roots itself at the bottom of my gut and radiates outward till I’m sure I can’t stand it for one moment longer. I don’t think any of us have experienced this before.
The world outside is no more than a fever dream.

***

The animals aren’t getting fed for a while. And nothing’s getting cleaned up. We’ll just have to put up with the smell.

***

Time passes.

***

The rain—or perhaps just the wind that drives it against the ark with such force—has calmed further, and the thunder is gone for the time being, but I almost wish they would return. For now we can hear the animals. Such a confusion of moans and roars, whines and growls, grumbles and bellows, at once pitiful and terrifying. The creatures must be sick too. And frightened. And hungry.
Uncle Ham and Father finally rise to deal with the animals that will no longer be ignored, but they clutch their stomachs and move slowly, unsteadily. Japheth should go with them, but he won’t leave Arisi’s side for a moment, and Kenaan—well, I think Kenaan is the sickest of all of us. He’s been moaning like a child for so long now, I’ve lost track of which cries are his amid all the animal protests around us. Once Father and Ham are up, I try to stand as well—I want to help, and to check on the elephants—but even lifting my head and shoulders from the blanket beneath me forces my stomach toward my throat again. I can’t bear the thought of retching once more on an empty stomach, so I allow myself to fall back to the floor.
As Father nears the ladder down to the lower level, he bends over, suddenly, so his back is nearly parallel to the floor, his shoulders creeping inward, and he stands frozen like that for a long, excruciating moment. I can’t bear to see him appear so vulnerable, in such pain, just like the rest of us. I remember him at the smithy when I was a child, transforming burning-hot metal into weapons and tools with an ease that seemed like magic, and I think he should somehow be above the weakness that has struck the rest of our family.
Finally he recovers himself and straightens, and I let out the breath I’ve been holding. Then he disappears down the ladder, with Uncle Ham behind him.

***

I watch Noah out of the corner of my eye. He’s sitting up, and he’s not groaning or grasping his stomach, but taut lines run across his face, from the corners of his mouth to his jawline, from his eyes to his temples, as though holding in his pain takes all the effort he possesses. I wonder if his God told him this sickness was coming, if there’s some secret purpose behind it too vast for our human minds to comprehend.
Thinking of such things is far too difficult. Thinking at all is far too difficult.

***

Some of the animal noises are coming not from below, but from our own level, from the rooms past the one where we slept last night: squeaks and caws, coos and whistles. Shai pesters Kenaan until he admits he put all the birds he trapped up here. In the same room as the reptiles.
I wish for the rain to drown everything out once more.

***

By the time Father and Uncle Ham return, Aunt Zeda has wrestled up more bread and water. She says eating will make us feel better, but I think she just relishes the chance to order the rest of us around. I only manage a few bites before my stomach rebels, and the water tastes like old metal and something rancid—or perhaps that’s just the taste permanently lodged at the back of my throat.
At least Father tells me the animals are all right. Frightened and distressed, but all right.

***

As darkness begins to creep its way back into the ark, we women go back to the room where we slept last night. We make our way on hands and knees, like animals ourselves—all of us except Aunt Zeda, that is, who appears to have a stomach made of metal. I wonder why we bothered to move in the first place.
When I’ve managed another trip to the bucket in the corner and collapsed on my blanket, I decide I won’t make the mistake of moving again.

Chapter Seven

I’ve been enclosed within these four cedar-wood walls for an eternity. A lifetime. Lifetimes. I think what’s worst of all is being able to hear and feel what’s going on outside, but not to see it, not to know. It’s like walking around with a thick, itchy wool cloth pressed tight against my eyes. Except I’m still not doing much walking.
I’d swear my ears have grown more sensitive, though, and out of the cacophony of birdcalls from the room beside us, one in particular seems to pierce though me. It’s a low cooing, smooth and hollow and somehow unbearably sad, that sounds a bit like the reed pipes Derya’s father used to play. Even through the higher, more demanding chirps and squeals, I recognize that call: a dove’s song.
Kenaan’s been feeding the birds since he recovered a bit from his sickness, and I’ve been staying away as much to avoid him as the reptiles. But right now Kenaan is with his parents, grumbling about his stomach again, and I decide I must find that dove. I can’t ignore its cries of distress any longer.
I rise slowly, painfully, with one hand against the wall to brace myself, and as I move toward the bird room I keep my hand on the wood. If I let go I would surely fall, for the floor still tips in all directions. It’s mainly just a slight rocking, but every few steps I take, an alarming lurch threatens to send me sprawling across the ark. Then I have to stop, leaning both hands against the wall, as I wait for my spinning head and stomach to recover.
It seems to take hours, but at last I’m close enough to the bird room to make out a new sound: a dull, repetitive thud that echoes inside me, as if my bones are knocking against each other. I force myself to move faster, but then I hear a shrill voice call, “Slow down!”
I turn my head to find Shai following behind me. “Wait for me,” she cries, trailing one hand against the wall like I’ve been doing as she tiptoes forward. I’m tempted to tell her walking on her toes will only make her feel worse, but her brow is furrowed in such intense concentration, I don’t want to distract her. She looks almost like a phantom, her limbs twig-like and bony, face pale and bloodless and nearly yellow; her hair is half plaited, half just a bird’s nest of knots, and her shift is dirty and torn. The sight of her makes something wrench inside me, but I know I look much the same. We all do.
We head together into the bird room, where I’m relieved to see the reptile cages are all against one wall and easily avoided. Clearly Noah hasn’t visited here, or we’d have heard his grumblings: I doubt Kenaan’s rounded up every type of snake and lizard in our village, much less in the world. And I count very few insects among the paltry row of cages. No butterflies, of course, for how could Kenaan catch a creature so delicate? I have a sudden longing to see one of those beautiful, pale blue butterflies that flock around the red azalea bushes in the spring. It would flit through the ark, graceful and sure and free of the sickness that plagues us earthbound creatures, its wings the color of a cloudless summer sky—
But I’m forgetting why I’m here. And the thud, thud that accompanies the dove’s cooing grows ever more insistent. The birdcages are scattered through the room in a jumbled mess, most of them far from any wall that might keep them from slipping and sliding with the pitch of the ark. No wonder the birds are so frightened.
Shai and I have to let go of the wall ourselves to pick through the cages—no hawks or eagles, I notice, despite Kenaan’s bragging that he’d trap one—until we reach the source of all the racket, and I suck in a sharp breath. One of the doves is flinging itself against the bars of its cage, over and over, though its left wing droops at an awkward angle and it must be in terrible pain. Its mate sits at the back of the cage, head tucked to its breast, seemingly indifferent.
I kneel and open the cage, but when I reach inside the dove’s frenzy increases. She—I have no way of knowing, but it seems like a she—does her best to flee my hand, scooting backward and trying to lift herself on her injured wing. She only makes it a hand’s breadth from the ground before falling again. I take a deep breath before grabbing the bird around her middle and pulling her from the cage. I’m shocked by the warmth of her body and the strength of her rabid heartbeat, hitting against the barrier of her bones again and again the same way she threw her entire body against the bars.
I lower myself all the way to the floor and sit with crossed legs, placing the dove on my lap, and she calms a bit—until I try to examine her injured wing. Then her cries become higher and even more panicked, her entire body shakes, and she tries to flee me again. “We have to bind her wing,” I tell Shai, “or it will never heal, with the way she keeps struggling. Can you get me some cloth—a blanket, maybe?”
Shai nods, wide eyed, and hurries off as though the rocking floor no longer bothers her. I realize I too have forgotten my own tender stomach, now that I’m focused on the dove. Still, it seems far too long before Shai returns, clutching a drooping wool blanket and breathing hard. I hand Shai the bird and she sits, stroking the dove’s white and brown-dappled feathers, as I set to tearing strips off the blanket. But my arms are weak—I’ve barely eaten these past few days, after all—and the fabric is unyielding. Well, what else could I have expected from a blanket Zeda wove?
I glance around to make sure no one else has wandered in, and then I pull my carving knife from beneath my now very bedraggled blue cloth belt, where I’ve kept it since I first stepped onto the ark. I couldn’t exactly tuck it under my blanket at night, after all, unless I wanted to risk it sliding its way across the ark.
Shai gasps when she catches sight of the bronze blade, gleaming even in this dull, muted light. “Where did you—”
“Shh,” I shush her, “don’t tell your parents, all right?”
“I won’t.” She bites her lip and looks down at the dove again, her dark eyes serious and tender.
With the help of my sharp blade, the fabric parts easily as a fallen leaf in a child’s hand. Strangely, I have the urge to dig the knife into something harder, to form the dove’s shape out of wood and see if I can capture the soft slope of her feathers. Surely there could not be a worse time or place to practice my carving, and besides, I’ve given up that pointless habit. But my thoughts are not so sensible.
My thoughts don’t rule my actions, though, and I set aside my foolish desire as I focus on tearing the blanket into even strips. I take the dove from Shai and wrap the cloth gently but firmly around her injured wing, hoping it will hold the fragile bones in place. “Shh, shh,” I soothe her, trying to convince myself as well as the bird that I know what I’m doing. When I lift my hands for a moment, I see she can still move the muscles where her wing connects to her body—in fact, she’s frantically twitching there, trying to lift the wing and fly. So I wrap another strip of cloth over the wing and then under the dove’s belly, over her back, twice, three times, till I’ve reached the end of the strip and tied it to the other pieces of cloth. Now she’s not able to move that wing at all, and her shrill coos have dulled to a whimper. “I’m sorry,” I whisper, and hesitate before adding, “I’m sorry, Aliye.” The name means “high one,” and I mean it as a promise, or at least a hope, that one day she’ll fly high again.
I ask Shai to open the cage door so I can return Aliye, but as soon as I’ve closed the door behind her, the bird lets out the most woeful, pitiful, pathetic cry of a coo you could ever imagine. “She wants out!” Shai says. “She wants to be held!”
“She didn’t seem so happy to be held before,” I grumble. “I think she’s just too smart, and she knows now she has a name she can demand special treatment.”
Even before I’ve finished speaking, Aliye has begun throwing her body against the bars once more. She may not be able to move her wing any longer, but it will never heal if she keeps abusing it like that. “Too smart,” I mutter again. I reach for the dove once more, and she quiets. Already she seems to be growing used to my arms—or perhaps she just prefers them to the cage.
Still, navigating the ark proves much more difficult while holding an injured bird, and I’d swear the floor’s swaying has grown even stronger. By the time I’ve made it back to my blanket, I’m so dizzy and exhausted that I nearly collapse onto the floor.

***

I wake from a dream of blue butterflies and white birds to my father’s gruff voice. “Daughter,” he says, “has your stomach settled?” I open my eyes to find him peering down at me, his own eyes wide with hope even as his mouth closes tight, the taut curve of it grim and worried and perhaps even resentful. As I wake fully I realize my mother’s sitting upright beside me, her own expression stern. Please your father, that look says.
So I sit up and answer, “Yes, Father, I am much better,” though my gut sends up a wave of protest at the lie.
“Good.” He sighs, his gaze straying to the dove perched in her own nest of a blanket beside me. I know he sees the bird, but he makes no comment, saying only, “Nahala, my wife, and Neima, my daughter”—Why is he being so formal? He’s procrastinating, I decide, putting off what he doesn’t want to say—“I know you are—have been—ill, and I hate to ask this of you. But we need your help. There are too many animals to care for, and the smell below has become unbearable. If we could just clean up some of that animal waste—”
“Of course, Father,” I say, with a twinge of guilt that I’ve been neglecting my duties and, if I hadn’t been prodded, would have continued to do so.
But Father shakes his head, puts a hand up to stop me, and goes on, “I never thought I’d have to ask my wife and daughter to work when you’re unwell, but—”
I sigh. He is so good, and it only makes me feel worse.
“—but your uncles and grandfather and I must spend our time working on the ark itself, checking the walls and shoring up the weak spots. Even the smallest leak could be devastating. I’m sorry—”
Now I’m perplexed. “Surely we could deal with one little leak. And how can there be weak spots, with all the work you’ve done?” Father’s face turns harder, and, unaccountably, my heart beats faster. “In any case, in a few days the waters will recede, right?” I’m rambling, but I can’t stop. “And we’ll be able to leave—”
“Neima!” my mother says sharply, “don’t question your father.”
I barely hear her, though, for Father’s face has gone harder still, and paler, till it resembles a weathered stone: he’s realized he’s said too much. My body feels heavy, as though the ark really has sprung a leak and it’s sinking, fast, and pulling me down with it. Without a word, I stand and head for the room next door, for the ladder to the deck house, fighting to keep my steps sure and steady.
“Neima, what are you—” Mother calls at the same moment as Father says, “I don’t think that’s a good id—”
But then Arisi and Shai, both of whom have been listening to our entire exchange, rise to follow me, and chaos erupts. “Arisi, you can’t!” Japheth calls, while Aunt Zeda flies in like a whirlwind from the far corner of the room and yanks Shai back.
“I want to see!” Shai whines, and I turn back toward her. As Zeda hangs impatiently above us, I kneel so my eyes are level with Shai and whisper so only she can hear me:
“I need you to stay here and watch Aliye, all right? She’ll be scared if we both leave.” Shai narrows her eyes almost shrewdly—she knows I’m putting her off. But after chewing her lip for a moment, she turns back toward the dove.
Arisi and Japheth are still bickering as we near the ladder, and my earlier guilt and fear is turning to frustration. What are the men keeping from us, and what makes them think they have the right to do so? “You would treat your wife like a child,” I ask Japheth, “when she is carrying your own babe even now?”
“I’m only trying to keep her safe!” Japheth says as Arisi pushes past both of us.
“You don’t have to talk about me like I’m not here,” she snaps, grabbing the ladder with tightly clenched hands.
“Shem,” Japheth asks my father, “will you allow this?”
“They’ll have to know eventually.” Father’s voice is defeated, but I refuse to look at him. He’s right: I have to know.
Japheth shoots me a glare as he helps Arisi up the ladder and I follow behind. “Well,” I mutter under my breath, “it’s not like one trip up a ladder will make her lose the baby.”
I’m relieved that neither Mother nor Father climbs the ladder, but I’m equally relieved—though I won’t let Japheth know so—that I’m not up here alone. Inside the deck house, the windows are still too high for me to see much, so I throw open the door and step out into the rain and the wind. The sudden chill rolls through me, refreshing at first, but as I draw closer to the edge of the deck the drop in temperature feels increasingly sinister.
And then I’m at the railing, clutching the wood barrier so tight the flesh of my palms burns, but still I’m falling, or maybe floating—certainly I’m not on solid ground any longer, for there is no solid ground and the world is upside down. The sky is below us, a thick liquid swirl that’s not blue or black or gray, green or brown or white, but somehow all of these colors at once. Mostly it’s just one dark mass that blends seamlessly into the clouds and falling rain above it, so that there seems to be no distinction between what is overhead and what is beneath us. But I know, in the churning pit of my stomach, that what’s below is not a cloudy sky but water, water that extends in all directions, farther than the eye can see, water with no end and no bottom, water that my mind rejects as impossible even as my eyes insist it is there before me.
Japheth and Arisi approach the railing beside me, but I barely register their presence, for I’ve begun to make out the things in the water, tossing and turning on the endless waves, adding the glints of colors within the blue-gray. I see branches with a few bedraggled leaves still hanging on, entire tree trunks, and even, at the end of one trunk, a mass of roots that must have been torn forcibly from the ground. I see glints of straw atop mud-brick slabs that must once have been roofs, or walls. I see broken clay pots and wooden barrels, long, torn strips of leather that might once have covered tents, and bloated masses of fur that I fear are—were—animals, though I’m loathe to look too close.
And then something drifts close to the ark, something that looks like a tangled clump of long black hair…and then, when the water tosses the dark strands to one side, an unnaturally white, thick column that might be a neck…a neck connecting to a shoulder and down a bloated arm to the monstrously swollen, ravaged extremity that was once a hand and fingers. And then I close my eyes.
I want to retch, to expel the mass of fear and confusion and revulsion that has gathered inside me, but my body won’t allow me that relief. Eyes still closed, I hear Japheth say, in a voice so quiet it’s a wonder I can hear him over the rain, “We’ve drifted far from our village. The homes and possessions and—and bodies you see do not belong to anyone we know.”
But what Japheth says doesn’t matter, for whether I can see their bodies or not, I know they’re all dead. Jorin. Derya. Old Hannah, whose house was the first to collapse in the storm. All the women who used to gossip about our family at the river. All the children who laughed and danced in the first raindrops. Munzir, even. But most of all, Jorin. Derya. Derya. When the last thing I said to her— The last thing she said to me—
I snip off that train of thought and immediately confront another, almost equally horrifying one: all this—the storm, the flood, the death—means Noah’s one God is real. Doesn’t it? How else could my grandfather have predicted this disaster? But no…I can’t believe it. For how could one God cause so much destruction? How could one God hold mastery over the clouds and rain, wind and thunder, over the lives of every living creature upon the earth, both animal and human? And if a God did create all this, did control the world’s fate, why would he choose to destroy it?
Evil, something whispers within my mind. Noah said God wanted to rid the world of evil, of man’s wickedness. Wickedness like that of the bandits who attacked and stole from Grandfather, who left Grandmother Nemzar violated and bleeding. But not all people are wicked. Surely not those children who rejoiced in the falling rain, who took pleasure in and gave thanks for the earth’s bounty. Surely not Derya, who stood up for me so many times, and not mischievous but kind, kind Jorin. And even those members of our village who could be cruel, or petty, or power thirsty, like Munzir and his followers…not even they deserved to die.
My eyes are open now, but I stare into the gray expanse without seeing; the world is only a reflection of my own dark, whirling thoughts. For if this vengeful God does exist—and I’m still not sure he does, despite all the evidence before me—why would he choose to save our family and no other? We are not so pure, so different from those who have perished. I myself have wished Noah dead, have wished that my mother were kinder, that Ham had chosen a different wife and that Kenaan were not my cousin…
But perhaps our family is not saved at all. I look out at the rolling waves and wonder if this God might be toying with us, tossing and turning us like those waves, prolonging our suffering before we too are destroyed. After all, how long can we survive in this watery world before our food runs out, or the ark leaks, or some other disaster befalls us?
“Perhaps…” It takes a moment for me to realize the voice comes not from my thoughts, but from Arisi beside me. “Perhaps…” she starts again, and it sounds as though all the breath has been torn from her, the same way my own voice sounds in my head. “…it is not the whole world. Perhaps there is dry land just beyond our sight, with people and animals walking upon it; perhaps the sun is even shining there.” Arisi’s words would seem too full of false hope, too sickly sweet, like a meal made entirely of honey, were it not for the quaver in her voice. And besides, she’s right: the world extends far beyond what we can see, and we have no way of knowing or predicting what exists outside our small corner of existence. The trader with his stories of animals too strange to imagine is proof enough of that.
But all these impossible questions are making my head spin. I suppose the world has always been a mystery too vast to take in at once, but now, with such darkness and danger above and below us, it seems that way more than ever. So I’m almost relieved to hear the clomping, impatient footsteps of my father coming to retrieve us. At least I think it’s Father—
—until I turn to face Uncle Ham, lugging a large wooden bucket in each hand. “As long as you’re up here,” he says, “you can fetch some water.” I’m not sure whether he’s addressing me or Japheth, but I know Japheth will want both hands free to help Arisi down the ladder, so I grab one of the buckets by its handle. Then I find myself staring dumbly at it, wondering if Ham means for me to stand here waiting while it fills with rain. It feels strange and difficult and somehow wrong to set my mind to mundane tasks after what I’ve seen.
“Over here,” Ham continues, his voice rough and unsympathetic—or perhaps that’s only an effect of the warping wind. He walks across the deck to a huge wood barrel that seems somehow bolted to the floor and must hold ten buckets’ worth of rainwater. Just one more example of Noah’s foreknowledge of this disaster. It would make me sick, if I weren’t already.
I fill my bucket and make my way back inside the deck house and down the ladder, a difficult task on wobbling legs. As soon as I’m within the ark, Father rushes forward to take the bucket from me, but I shake my head—I won’t let him do my work any longer. I head for the next ladder down to the lower level, and I realize my mother, Aunt Zeda, and even Shai are preparing to accompany me, along with most of the men. Noah, Father, and Uncle Ham all shout instructions at once, and their voices form one dizzying swirl:
“Buckets and shovels for cleaning are against the right-hand wall. Keep the water buckets separate from the waste containers…”
“Don’t approach the flesh-eaters—Kenaan and Japheth can handle that…”
“Just bring the refuse up here and we’ll toss it over the side…”
“Make sure to ration the animal feed—especially the meat…”
The voices fade as I descend farther, into a smell so thick and noxious it seems to hold weight. The stench pounds against my body, trying to force me back up the ladder, and the shaking in my legs and even my arms increases. I barely make it to the floor before I drop the bucket, lean over, and retch the last meager contents of my stomach.
Just one more thing for me to clean up.

***

It’s darker down here, where there are no windows—the water must be battering against the walls right beside me, a thought that makes me shiver in my still-damp shift—and my vision takes some time to adjust. My ears too need a moment to recover from the onslaught of animal noises, which gradually fades into an ever-present background that I can almost shut out, if I’m determined enough. The smell, though—there’s no shutting that out, and breathing through my mouth is almost worse, for then I can taste the foul odor in the back of my throat.
My water bucket is empty before I’ve made it through a single row of cages, so I join my mother, Aunt Zeda and Shai at the right-hand wall. Along with the others, I grab a shovel and a smaller bucket, one of the ones designated for waste material; then we spread out and set to the odious task of collecting animal dung. I can tell Shai wants to follow me, but Zeda grabs her arm and leads her in the opposite direction. It’s just as well—if she asked me what I saw on deck, I’d have no idea what to tell her.
Father told us to stay away from the meat-eaters, but when I make out the tiger’s telltale growl amid the din, it somehow draws me closer. That feral sound seems to encapsulate everything I’ve just witnessed up above: a world turned dark and dangerous, savage and incomprehensible. So I follow the low rumble till I’m standing only a hand’s breadth before the tiger’s cage, its amber eyes aimed right at mine, two dim flames in the dusky air. Though still massive, the creature now seems more bones than muscle as it paces slowly, deliberately back and forth, back and forth, letting out that desperate snarl all the while. Why? its eyes ask me. Why? its rumble of a voice demands. But it’s answers I want, not more questions, so I just shake my head and walk away.
Soon I reach the young lions, and I wonder whether Father wants me to stay away from them as well. Probably, but after all I’ve seen today, two baby animals just don’t seem like much of a threat. Besides, I’m not sure the poor things can even move. They’re lying on their sides, letting out little mewls of discomfort, and their cage floor reeks with the sticky remnants of vomit. As I open the door and step inside—the lions don’t even seem to register my presence—I realize the vomit really is only remnants, residue…as though the creatures have eaten it and licked the floor nearly clean. No wonder they’re so miserable.
As I continue through the cages, I find that many of the animals have eaten their own vomit, their droppings, or both. I’m torn between a kind of relief—it’s less mess for us to deal with—and worry. The animals must be so hungry, and I’m afraid their eating habits might make them sicker, or at least prolong the discomfort caused by the rocking ark. I’m amazed to realize that I myself must actually be adjusting to the constant movement—standing and walking and working is making me feel better, not worse.
I make two trips back up the ladder with full buckets of animal waste, and on the second I take the refuse up to the deck myself, along with an empty water bucket. I want to fill an entire bucket just for the elephants, whom I haven’t seen yet—they’re fenced all the way in that back corner, after all.
When I’ve nearly made it back to the elephants, I start to worry that they won’t remember me, or worse, that they’ll somehow blame me for trapping them in this miserable place. I’m trapped too, I remind myself. Still, I’m relieved when I hear a welcoming trumpet call and see two gray trunks waving in my direction. Once I’m close enough, Enise and Bilal tickle my face as I dump the water in their trough, and then they quickly abandon me to slurp the water up their trunks and spill it into their mouths. They drink greedily, almost desperately, and don’t waste a single drop by throwing it on their backs or into my face as they did before. In moments the trough is empty again, and this makes me as sad as anything I’ve seen today. I know my reaction’s illogical, perhaps unforgivable—so many people dead, including my best friend, and I’m worried about two elephants—but I can’t help the way I feel.
Setting down the empty bucket, I take Bilal’s trunk in my hands and examine the newly cracked, dry edges. “Your name doesn’t fit so well anymore, does it?” I ask, and both Bilal and Enise turn their wondering full-moon eyes toward me.
I look away, unable to bear their gazes, and something just outside the elephants’ pen catches my attention. I stoop down to pick it up: a piece of wood Japheth must have left behind when he built this fence. It’s bigger than the remnants I usually carve, but if I attempted to recreate these elephants out of wood, it would be the perfect size—
No. What am I thinking? I cast the wood piece down and rub both Enise and Bilal on their broad foreheads. It’s getting darker, and I’ll have to leave them soon. I have no desire to maneuver past tigers and wolves and jackals in pitch blackness, even if the animals are caged. I give Enise one last pat and turn to go, but a trunk pokes me between the shoulder blades. No, wait—a trunk wouldn’t have such a sharp edge.
I swivel back around and find Bilal holding the wood piece in his trunk, offering it to me. I shake my head. “You keep it.” His eyes turn down in what looks like disappointment, and I give him another pat on the head as well. “But thank you,” I add under my breath as I finally walk away.
On my way back to the ladder, I catch sight of two more scraps of wood: one by an open doorway, with a long, slender shape that reminds me of the flower-birds; then a thicker, more solid, somehow muscular piece by the tigers’ cage. Odd, but I’m too exhausted by this point to think much of it.

***

Back on the second level, I return to the women’s room to see twin spots of flame piercing through the darkness, an echo of the tiger’s eyes below. Zeda has lit two of her oil lamps—
—and she’s drawn Noah in here to fuss with her. “You’ll set the ark aflame!” he protests, whirling so the ends of his long robe fly out. If anything catches fire, it will be his trailing garment. I’ve always hated that robe, with the musty scent that clings to it even through the driest months.
“We’re going to be here awhile,” Zeda snaps back, “and you can’t expect us to go on when we can’t see our own hands before our faces!” So she knows what’s happening outside as well. And while she may have the strongest stomach of all of us, it appears her mind is not so sturdy: she must be truly distraught, if she dares to challenge Noah. She’s spent so many years flattering her father-in-law, and now she risks undoing all her work in one moment. If Ham finds out what she’s done, he’ll be furious.
“Husband.” Nemzar speaks softly, soothingly, as she approaches and places a hand on Noah’s arm. We’re all beyond bedraggled, but she still looks somehow beautiful in the low lamplight, the hints of red in her hair flickering along with the flame. “We’ll be careful. We could all use a little light.”
Noah just harrumphs, but he walks away without insisting Aunt Zeda extinguish the flames. He stops in the corner where Japheth and Arisi are tucked together, whispering, and clears his throat. “Your wife may be unable to work,” Noah grouses, “but you, Japheth, have no excuse for lazing about. We need you on deck.” Then, without waiting for a response, he storms off, his robe fluttering behind him.
I’m still standing near the doorway, and Noah brushes right past me on his way out of the room, so close I can hear him grumbling under his breath, can see the slight tremors in his hands that he does his best to hide. Yet he doesn’t acknowledge my presence; I’m not sure he sees me at all.
Aliye the dove, on the other hand, certainly does recognize my presence—and she’s not quiet about it. As I approach she coos so frantically, you’d think she was trapped in a cage again, and she hops up and down on her crumpled blanket as if she just can’t understand why her wings no longer hold her aloft. “Shh,” I scold her as I drop down onto my own blanket. Luckily Zeda and Nemzar are too deep in conversation to notice; Mother does, but she just shakes her head and looks away, leaning against the ark wall.
Aliye quiets when I place a finger on her sleek but trembling head, and we sit for a moment in silence—or rather what feels like silence, for the drum of rain on the roof and the echo of animal noises from below have become so familiar, I no longer hear them. I watch Grandmother and Zeda attempting to scrounge up some food for us, with Shai hanging behind them. Japheth finally stands to leave, but he’s taking his time about it, like a sullen child reluctant to obey his father’s orders. And then my mother speaks.
“What—what was it like out there?”
I’m surprised. It’s not like Mother to rely on others when she can do something herself, and surely Father wouldn’t object to her going on deck after the rest of us have. “Why don’t you go up and see?” I ask.
She reaches for a nearby blanket, grips it in two tight fists, and closes her eyes. “I’m not as brave as you are.”
Now I’m not just surprised, but shocked. Has my mother actually complimented me? “I’m not— It’s just—” As I stammer, it occurs to me that perhaps Mother’s comment is more criticism than praise. I did defy Father, after all. “I’m only curious,” I finish, my voice fading to a mumble.
“Just tell me,” she says, eyes still closed, tension rising in taut lines from her fists up her arms. “I don’t want to see, but I need to know.”
So I do. But as I speak, I look away from her squeezed-shut eyelids, toward the dove with her wide-open eyes. I study them—two flame-colored rings around black pupils—till they eclipse all visions of the world outside. When I’m done, Mother says nothing, and I realize I have a question for her as well. “Do you know how long we’ve been here?”
In some ways it feels like years have passed since we stepped onto the ark, and in others it seems that only moments ago I stood on parched earth, dreaming of rain.
“This is the fifth day,” Mother says, in a voice as cracked and dry as the earth I remember with something like longing.
I glance around me; Nemzar, Zeda and Shai are still occupied with our dismal supply of food, while Arisi sits and stares blankly into a corner. No one’s paying me any attention, so I turn to face the ark wall and pull my carving knife from my belt. Mother lets out the first hint of a protest but quickly stifles it.
I dig the knife into the wood much deeper than necessary, once, twice, again and again and again, until five jagged lines march their way across the wall. One for each day since the world ended.


Chapter Eight

Derya and I are seven years old, collecting fleece with the other children as the entire village shears sheep. A tuft of wool flies out of nowhere, landing atop Derya’s gleaming black hair, and I can’t help but laugh—then another tuft sails right into my open mouth. Derya’s eyes turn a bright, piercing green as she searches out our tormentors. My own gaze darts toward Kenaan and Jorin, but both are straight-faced, focused on their task. We stare at the boys, and a moment later, Jorin’s mouth tugs toward a satisfied smile…and we tear small hunks of wool from the nearest clump of fleece and pelt them at the boys. They counter our attack, and the world dissolves into a soft white rain…
…the air darkens, cools, and Derya and I are leaning against the wall of her hut as evening falls, listening to her father play his pipes. The melody dips and rises like a bird’s wings buoyed on the wind, lulling us toward sleep, and Derya leans her head on my shoulder. I close my eyes…
…and we are fourteen. Derya laughs and spins so her skirts fly around her and her black braid swings. She is so beautiful, already several young men of the village have spoken to her father, but she wants Kenaan. That’s why she’s spinning in circles now, laughing at nothing in the middle of the day, in the middle of our chores—she’s caught sight of Kenaan passing by, and she hopes to lure him closer. I just stand there, watching her till my own head spins…
…spins and spins and spins, the whole world spinning in a blur of blues and greens so vivid I can taste them…
…and out of the whirlpool of color comes Derya, sixteen now, looking just as she did only days ago, by the river. Her long, slender arms reach for me, her mouth open in a wide smile. She speaks, but her words are lost to the wind that whips tendrils of black hair before her face, obscuring her eyes and plastering dark strands to her cheeks. Behind her hair, her features begin to twist, distort; I blink my eyes to clear my vision, but still her face—no, her entire body now—wavers as though I’m seeing her through water. She comes closer, and her beautiful hands are expanding, bloating, her fingers transforming into grotesque and slimy things as she clutches my wrist. “You let me go,” she says, her words suddenly clear and hard. “You let me—”
“Neima!” The voice turns softer, younger, and the grip on my wrist slackens as I open my eyes to find Shai peering at me through the darkness. “You were dreaming,” she says. “You were shaking and—”
“Did I wake the others?” I whisper, casting a worried glance around the room. It’s too dark to make out more than huddled shapes against the walls.
“No,” Shai answers softly, “I was already awake. I came over here to see Aliye—”
We both look down at the dove in her blanket-nest. The white of her feathers gleams against the dark, and I can see the outline of her head tucked against her breast. Sleeping standing up—I’ll never understand how birds do that.
“—because I couldn’t sleep,” Shai finishes. “Is it—is it true that the whole world is covered with water? That we will be trapped in here forever?”
“Oh, no,” I say automatically, reaching my arms toward her. She falls into me, and I hold her warm body close against mine—but I can’t help thinking of Derya’s arms reaching, of her cold, wet dream-hands.
“Are we”—Shai’s whisper is muffled now—“are we going to die?”
“No,” I say again; I picture Derya’s dream-face contorting as she accuses me of lying. Shai’s fingers press into my arms, as if she’s asking me for something more, but I’m not sure what to give her. Our grandfather—and perhaps, by this point, Shai’s parents as well—would say that Noah’s one God will protect us, that he has chosen us to survive. But whether those words are true or not, they don’t seem very comforting to me. So instead I say, “You’re with the people who love you most, and we’ll do everything we can to keep you safe.”
Shai doesn’t respond, and soon I feel her body grow heavier against mine as she falls back into sleep. But I can’t shut out Derya’s voice telling me, You let me go. You let me… Because it’s true: I did let her go. I could have worked harder to make her believe me, during that last fight. I could have looked for her the morning of the storm. I could have dragged her into the ark with us, just as a precaution, even though we didn’t know what would happen…
And another question needles at me, adding extra pinpricks of guilt: Why didn’t I dream of Jorin? Yes, there was that brief glimpse of him at the sheep shearing, but I didn’t see him pleading with me in those days before the storm, didn’t see our parting at the ark doors, didn’t see him drowning, dying—
I don’t even want to think it. Perhaps I didn’t dream of Jorin because we left each other with kind words rather than anger. Yes—that must be it.
I’m afraid to fall back into sleep, to risk another nightmare, but my exhaustion is bone deep and my eyelids grow heavier and heavier, until finally I can fight their weight no longer.
I sleep, with Shai in my lap and Aliye the dove beside me.

I wake to another dim morning, and to relief—relief edged with guilt. For no more dreams have troubled my sleep.

***

Three more days pass—one, two, three slashes on the ark wall behind the spot where I sleep—and we develop a routine of sorts. Since I’m the youngest and strongest of the women save Shai, I spend the morning filling water buckets on deck and hauling them down to the lower level, over and over till my arms ache. My mother, Nemzar, Zeda, and even Shai stay on the lower level, where they alternate watering the animals with the full buckets I bring them, and filling empty waste buckets with animal refuse. They leave the waste by the ladder for me to carry up and toss overboard. In three days I’ve perfected the art of flinging the foul-smelling stuff as far from the ark as possible, without once looking down at the churning waves and whatever horrors they might toss my way.
Japheth sometimes joins me on my trips up and down the ladder, though he’s not much help—he’s merely searching for an excuse to check on Arisi. Unlike the rest of us, Arisi hasn’t recovered from her sickness; every few hours it seems she suffers a spell of nausea so severe she can’t stand, or even sit up straight. We’re all worried, but Japheth most of all. Unfortunately, whenever he manages to sneak a few minutes with his wife, Noah soon notices his absence and calls him back to whatever task is keeping the men busy.
Father tells me the men’s work is never-ending, for any damage to the ark from floating debris, rotting wood or even woodworms must be repaired immediately, lest we all end up beneath the waves. And they’re checking and repairing the animal cages as well, after all the jostling they took during the storm. A tiger or jackal running loose through the ark would be as disastrous as a leak, and Noah is equally concerned with the cages of rabbits and hedgehogs, moles and shrews: he reminds us that one lost creature would mean the death of all animals of that kind, and God has entrusted them all to our care. Again my mind turns to the trader and his tales of exotic creatures—creatures we certainly aren’t caring for—but I know better than to speak of those stories, or even to think them too loudly.
Kenaan’s supposed to be feeding and cleaning up after the flesh-eaters in addition to helping the men, and occasionally I see him meandering through the cages, tossing bits of meat through the bars. Whenever we cross paths, he gives me that lopsided smile Derya once found so charming, as though nothing has changed between us. That smile makes my stomach feel worse than the foul odors and the rocking of the ship combined, but I don’t feel ready to confront him, so I merely cast my eyes away from him and hurry to clean another cage.
Kenaan himself certainly isn’t doing much cleaning: the tigers’ and wolves’ cages are littered with droppings old and new, and I imagine I can smell an extra sharpness amid the general stench every time I near them. I feel terrible for the tigers, and perhaps if I can work up the courage, I’ll clean their cage myself one day soon. Somehow, though, I can’t bring myself to suffer much pity for the wolves and jackals. Their shrewd, vicious eyes remind me a bit of Munzir’s, and their snarls seem to grow in proportion to the shrinking of their bellies.
I hope Kenaan is still tending to his birds and reptiles on the second level at least, for no one else is. But I’m not going to ask him.
Around midday, or as close as we can get—time is fuzzy here, without the sun to guide us—we return to the second level for a short while, where we attempt to recover from the suffocating odor and closeness down below. Those of us who can manage it choke down a bit of bread, and we all gulp down rainwater, the one supply we have more than enough of. It’s not as sweet as our river water, but with our parched throats, it will do. Then it’s back below to feed the animals. We’ve decided that if we feed them later in the day, they’ll be less likely to cry out with hunger in the night, disturbing our own slumber.
There are so many creatures to tend that we’d waste time by working together, so we each take one of the ark’s vast rooms. Even Shai works on her own, caring for some of the farm animals on the left side of the ark. I’ve claimed the room farthest to the right, where the elephants are penned.
It would seem impossible, what with the animal life teeming through the ark and the family I know are only a wall or two away, but somehow the space around me becomes lonesome, even desolate, on these long afternoons. The animal noises fade into a dull, eerie hum, and my body braces as if expecting an ill-intentioned intruder to ambush me at any moment. I imagine Derya’s ghost rising from the waves, flowing like mist through the walls of the ark, and wrapping those cold, dripping-wet arms around me…
But I’m deceiving myself, for I fear I am sensing a prowler in the darkness, someone much more substantial—and potentially dangerous—than a ghost:
Kenaan. We’ve avoided each other since we set foot on the ark, and even before that, since that awful afternoon in the forest. Eventually something will have to give. And if he thought he had some right to me before, then now, when I might as well be the only unmarried woman in the world save his sister…
I’d rather think about Derya’s ghost.
On the seventh afternoon, my worries finally get the best of me. I’m pouring grain for the animals nearest the left wall—porcupines and squirrels, hares and voles—when I hear a plodding footstep on the other side of the wall. I freeze; the footstep stops. I move on, shaking my head, telling myself to calm down; the footsteps continue, two, three, four, almost in time with my own. My heartbeat becomes faster, lighter, mirroring the frenzied scrabble of the squirrels’ claws as I approach their cage.
Of course you hear footsteps, I tell myself. It’s Mother or Aunt Zeda, feeding animals on the other side of the wall. I listen a moment longer, shake my head again, almost as though I’m arguing with myself—these footsteps are much too heavy to belong to a woman. So it’s Father or Ham. But why would they be walking along the interior wall, so slowly and deliberately, stopping when I stop and moving when I move? You’re just imagining that.
Finally I can take it no longer; if Kenaan is on the other side of that wall, I’d rather confront him head-on. Or so I tell myself, though the pulse threatening to fly out my throat seems to say otherwise. I lower my sack of grain to the floor and creep along the wall, toward the doorway, hoping I can peek around the corner and discover the prowler before he knows I’m coming. I'm almost there—three steps, two steps, one—and I hold my breath, bite hard on my lip to stop any sound from escaping as I poke my head through the doorway—
—to find myself a hand’s breadth from the fleshy, smelly open mouth of a camel. My heart gives one heavy thud in my chest, a combination of shock and relief, before it begins to slow again. “What are you doing all the way over here?” I ask the beast. We’ve tied the camels on the left side of the ark, near the farm animals. I inspect the goat-hair rope hanging from this one’s neck to find that he—or she—has chewed through it. “Surely someone should have seen you wandering through and taken you back?” I’m talking to…her, I’ll settle on her…as though she can understand me, more for my sake than hers, trying to convince myself everything’s normal. Or as normal as it can be, under the circumstances.
I grab the end of the rope lead, inspecting the tooth-gnawed edges. Looks like it took some work to chew all the way through, so if I tie her up again, maybe she’ll stay put for at least a day.
When I tug on the rope and step forward across the ark, the camel follows docilely enough. “What did you want over here, then?” I ask her, expecting Mother or Aunt Zeda to dart out at any moment and grumble about my talking to the air. But I make it all the way to the other end of the ark without a single interruption. They must all be upstairs already, then, and it must be later than I thought. Still, I feel a bit safer now that my menacing intruder revealed herself as a placid camel, and after I’ve tied her back to her post, I decide to bring some extra hay back to the elephants.
The elephants have already eaten all the hay that once lined the floor within their fence, and when I dump this new bale down and begin pulling it apart to make bedding, Enise and Bilal immediately grab trunkfuls and stuff them into their wide mouths. I wish they wouldn’t; I don’t think the wood floor is good for them. I’m afraid some type of sore, or fungus, is creeping up from the soles of their feet, between the cracks of their oddly charming toenails; but I don’t want to look too close, since I have no way to help them.
Bilal butts my side with his trunk, offering me some hay. “You’re sweet,” I tell him, “but I don’t think my stomach can handle—” I break off as I realize he’s holding not hay, but the block of wood I found the other day. “Not this again?” I take the wood from his trunk, turn it over in my hands. “I don’t have the time or energy to—” My words peter out once more as I examine the wood more closely. Surely the remnant I found the other day wasn’t quite so large, and it didn’t have that beautiful reddish-gold whorl near one edge, which would make the perfect elephant eye. I could carve the trunk right there, where the side slopes down, and then the floppy ear… But I don’t even have time to think of all this. And more importantly—
Where would Bilal get a second piece of wood?

***

I’ve put the mystery out of my mind by the time I climb the ladder to the second floor. Arisi is alone in the women’s room, and she answers the question in my eyes before I can voice it: “The others are up in the deck house.”
“Even Shai?”
Arisi shrugs. “Zeda said the air would be good for her. She tried to get me to come too.” I slump to the floor beside Arisi as she continues, “I don’t think they’re letting Shai out on deck, though.”
I close my eyes and attempt to shut out the vision of that great mass of water teeming below the deck, dark and unfathomable as an endless nightmare. An unsettling scuttling sound forces my eyes open again; I’m relieved to find it’s just Aliye, shuffling her way toward me, looking very put out that her wings still refuse to lift her. She bobs her head forward and back as she moves, letting out an occasional squawk, like an old woman clucking and scolding her grandchildren. Maybe she’s not only bothered by her wing—I think she’s annoyed with me for sitting by Arisi rather than in my usual spot beside her nest.
“They’re cooking lentils,” Arisi says. “And an egg,” with such wonder in her voice you’d think eggs were made of gold. Now that we’re not quite so seasick, Noah has brought out the hearthstones and cooking pots he asked Grandmother Nemzar to carry on board, and the deck house has become our makeshift kitchen. We still don’t have enough food—we’re rationing carefully, since we have no idea how long our supplies must last us—but at least we have a slightly greater variety now. We even have a bit of milk from our goat and cow.
“I think Aliye’s hungry too,” I say as the dove reaches me and begins to peck around my hands, where I’m sure she smells the grain I’ve been handling all day. Arisi produces a hunk of rock-hard bread from what appears to be her personal stash, and I do my best to break it into pieces for the bird. Only then do I register what Arisi’s been doing: she has a long coil of goat-hair rope on her lap and is separating it into thinner strands. Judging by the number of separate pieces on her lap, she’s been at it for a while. A flash comes to me of the camel down below, gnawing at her rope, and I can’t help but shiver.
Arisi notices my staring and holds up a few of the strands. “I’m going to knot them together into a fishing net.” She breaks into a sheepish but sunny grin. “Or at least I’ll try to.”
Relief rolls through me, warm and soothing. It will be good for Arisi to have a task, and, as I tell her aloud, “We could certainly use the fish, if there’s any left out there.” It’s hard to believe any living creatures could have survived this destruction, but then fish would find the water a refuge rather than a death trap.
“Noah didn’t ask us to bring live fish on board,” Arisi points out, as though she can read my thoughts. Sometimes I suspect she really can.
“How would we even…” I imagine Kenaan trying to capture all manner of fish in a bucket or barrel, claiming he’s found one male and one female of each type, and then scrambling to separate them by kind before the larger ones eat the smaller. Perhaps I’m just too exhausted and overwrought, but somehow the idea seems so ridiculous, I can’t stop myself from laughing out loud.
And once I start laughing, I can’t seem to stop.
My giggles must be contagious, for Arisi soon joins in, letting out great, desperate heaves of laughter that I worry will exhaust her. I assume she’s picturing a scene similar to the one in my own head. Even Aliye, unwilling to be left out, gives a few chuckle-like chirrups.
“You know what I’m really hungry for?” Arisi gasps out between laughs. She regains control of herself, holding her breath for a long, dramatic moment before she lets out… “Dirt.”
“Dirt?” I laugh even harder.
“Yes, dirt,” she says, in the same awestruck voice as egg. “Just think of it: that rich, earthy, meaty scent…”
“…mmm, yes…” I’d give anything to smell solid ground right now.
“…the rough, grainy feel of it between your hands…” Arisi rubs her fingers together almost greedily.
“Oh, yes,” I say.
“…the crunch and the weight of it in your mouth, against your tongue…”
She lost me there.
“And you know what else?” she goes on, the pitch of her voice rising higher and higher. “Salt. Oh, I could eat an entire barrel full of salt. Those beautiful, glorious, shining white crystals…I’m dizzy with wanting it.”
My stomach sinks, the last of my laughter dying away all at once, as I realize Arisi’s not joking. She really does want to eat dirt—and salt. We could have brought salt onto the ark, if we’d only known, only thought ahead, and then perhaps Arisi wouldn’t be so sick and miserable now.
If we’d only known, if we’d only thought ahead… So many things might be different. Derya and Jorin might be sitting here beside me, instead of… Instead of…
I close my eyes again, desperate to push back the weight of everything I can’t change. Arisi continues to rhapsodize about salt—salt on bread, salt on goat cheese, salt by the handful—until her words become a tuneless lullaby, a nonsense song for children. I focus on the subtle shifting of the ark beneath me, a motion I’m so used to I barely notice it anymore, and I tell myself it’s no more than the gentle rocking of a baby’s cradle.

***

After my encounter with the camel, I thought I’d be able to relax a bit, but by the afternoon of the eighth day I’m on edge again. I just can’t shake the sense that some creature is following me—a creature with two legs, not four—and I swear I feel eyes boring through me. Sentient, self-aware eyes that see me as more than a source of grain or dried meat. I search the space around me as I move through the room, but the ark is so dim, so full of shadowy corners and narrow spaces between cages, so alive with bursts of animal movement, that my efforts seem pointless.
To add to my unease, I keep finding wood remnants near the cages, remnants I would swear weren’t there the day before. I suppose the workers left many scraps behind while building the ark—after all, they never believed anyone would use it—and that these scraps would shift with the movement of the water beneath us. Still, there are so many, and they seem so deliberately placed in my path, that I find it hard to believe it’s all coincidence. There’s one next to the flower birds—whose feathers are no longer the color of my favorite flowers, but have faded to a dull, tired white—one inside the baby lions’ cage, and another piece by the shrews that’s so large I trip over it and nearly—
Wait. What was that? There it is again: a flicker of movement, a blur of what looks like cloth. As soon as I turn toward the motion, it stops—which only makes me more suspicious. The familiar signs of panic rise up—my breath quickens, my heart flutters like flapping wings—and I quickly force them down. I will not let Kenaan get the best of me.
I take a step forward, in the direction of the movement, and I see yet another flicker, this one farther to the right. I turn to follow, my steps surer now, for I have the advantage here, where he can’t go much farther before ramming into the ark wall. And my knife is still tucked safely in the belt I’ve refused to take off, though the cloth is now more gray-brown than blue. Come to think of it, the transformation of my clothing reminds me of the bit of flower-birds’ feathers.
I’m distracting myself—yes, that’s good. Already my heartbeat has returned to a steady, determined boom in my chest. I take another step forward, then another; the elephants see me and trumpet, but I’m tracking the movement away from their corner, into that dark mass of cages…
“You might as well come out, Kenaan,” I call. My voice sounds surer than I feel, and it gives me new courage. “I know you’re there,” I go on. “We need to talk. We’re going to be on this ark together for a while, and—”
A figure steps slowly forward from between two cages, still in shadow so all I can see is a hint of his ripped, once-white tunic and, above it…a flash of gold? It must be a trick of the light. I take a deep breath, step forward again just as the figure moves closer, and—
Gold. Golden bronze hair above a face grown thinner, lined with streaks of dirt but still unbearably familiar and it can’t be, he’s dead but—
I take in the torn clothing, the leaner frame that seems to waver, not quite substantial, the silent footfalls, and I know:
It’s Jorin’s ghost. I’m not sure if he’s real, or just a vision conjured up by my own guilt and longing, but either way the urge to scream rises from my gut, all the way to my throat, choking me—
—he comes closer, closer, till I can hold my cries of alarm back no longer, and then—
“Shh, shh,” the spirit speaks, placing two heavy hands on my arms—
—how could a ghost’s hands hold such warmth and weight?—
“Neima. It’s me, Jorin.” That voice… Those hands…
I run my own hands over his arms, his chest, cup his cheeks between my palms, trying to convince myself he’s truly here, flesh and blood. “Is it really you?” I say aloud. My hands make their way back down his body, searching for a heartbeat.
“Neima, I’ve never known you to be so forward. I’ll have to suffer through near-death by drowning more often.” His face, though dirty and ravaged, breaks into that familiar impish grin.
And then I know it’s really him, and, improper though it may be, I throw my arms around him. “How did you…” I speak into his shoulder.
“I followed you into the ark,” he says as I pull back to examine him again, still overcome with the miracle of it. “I had to talk to you, and you just wouldn’t listen.” His words tumble out, fast and jumbled, as though now he’s begun speaking he can’t stop. “And then Noah closed the doors, and the rain was so strong, and I couldn’t get out… And then the floor started to rise…”
“Neima!” A sharp female voice rings through the ark. My mother. Instantly Jorin disappears into the shadows as she calls, “Are you all right? I thought I heard you cry out.”
I turn toward Mother where she hovers in the doorway. “Fine,” I call back. “I only tripped and startled myself.”
Though I can’t see her clearly, I know her eyes are narrowed, lips pursed as she regards me. “Well, hurry and finish up,” she says at last. “I don’t want you down here by yourself.” And then she turns and walks away.
I can’t force myself to wait more than a breath before I run back to Jorin. “Why haven’t you revealed yourself?” I ask. “We could use another set of hands, and you must be absolutely miserable, stuck down here with the stench and the stale air—”
Jorin grabs my wrist, hard. “Neima, you can’t tell them.”
“Why not?”
“I’ve overheard your grandfather—he believes your family is special, set apart, that only you were meant to survive this disaster. What will he do if he thinks I’ve destroyed his plan?”
I consider that for a moment. “Noah’s not a monster. Perhaps he’ll think his God has placed you here—”
The grip on my wrist tightens. “Neima, no. You must promise to tell no one.”
I study his face—the set of his jaws, the lowered brows, the darkened eyes—and the certainty I see there frightens me.
“All—all right,” I say, sure there’s something I’m not understanding, perhaps something he hasn’t told me. But then my thoughts turn in another direction. “You—you’ve been following me for days. You left those wood remnants for me!”
He casts his gaze downward, sheepish yet satisfied. “I can see it in your eyes, Neima, when you look at those animals—you want to capture them in the wood. You should do it. You should let yourself do something just for the pleasure of it. You need it—we all do.”
I don’t know what to say to that, so I settle on a more practical question: “How do you even know I have my knife?”
He smiles again, but it’s softer, more subdued. “Because I know you, Neima.” Something seems different about him, something beyond his physical transformation. A new sadness hides behind his words, beneath the curve of his lips—a sorrow I’ve never seen before, not even when he spoke of his father. This disaster has changed him, as it’s changed us all. He reaches for me, tentative now, and brushes his fingers across my shoulder…
…and I pull away, suddenly irritated. “You followed me. Watched me without my permission. Frightened me.”
“I’m sorry, I just—”
“It’s… It’s…” I search for the right word. “It’s wrong. It’s an intrusion.”
“I know. I said I’m sorry, all right? I think I wanted you to find me, if that makes you feel better.” I scowl at him, and he throws his hands up in frustration. “I just had to make sure you were safe, in case Kenaan tried anything. After I failed you last time…”
My breath catches. With the surprise and relief of finding Jorin alive, I completely forgot why I was so angry with him. Now, he takes advantage of my confusion and grabs my hand.
“Listen, Neima: that’s what I wanted to tell you. When I saw you and Kenaan, I—I thought maybe you wanted him to… So I hung back, and by the time I was sure, you were already fighting him off, and I tried to come help you, but you were so fast—”
I look away. “It’s all right. It hardly seems to matter anymore, with all that’s happened.” I force myself to stare into those brown eyes, not so open and hopeful as they used to be, but still flecked with hints of gold. “I don’t suppose Derya’s hiding here as well?”
Now he looks away. “No. No, I’m afraid not.”
A moment stretches out in what seems like silence, despite the animal jabbering that fills the room; then a wolf’s howl rents the air, high and keening and mournful. I shiver and say, “Look, Jorin, I’ve promised not to reveal your presence; will you promise me something as well?”
His hand squeezes mine. “Of course.”
“Don’t follow me anymore. It’s eerie enough down here without—”
“But…but Kenaan! If he tries anything, I’ll never forgive myself.”
I drop his hand and reach for my belt, pulling up the handle of my knife tucked within until Jorin can see it. “I can take care of myself. I did before.”
“All right,” he agrees, but his hands clench into fists at his sides. He opens his mouth to say more, and then—
“Neima!” Mother again, though the echo of her voice tells me she’s still a safe distance from us. “We’re all going upstairs. Hurry and finish up.”
“Yes, Mother,” I call back as frustration fills me. Why must she choose this day to be concerned? I wait a few breaths before whispering to Jorin, “I should go, or they’ll get suspicious. But I’ll come back tonight, when they’re sleeping. I’ll see if I can find you a fresh tunic—Aunt Zeda brought extras—and a blanket, some bread and water— How have you survived for so long?”
Jorin casts his eyes downward, rolls his shoulders inward: sheepish again. “I’ve been poaching off the animals. But just a little from each one, I swear!”
“Not the tigers, I hope?”
He grins, relaxes his shoulders. “No, not the tigers. Nor the wolves or jackals.”
“All right, well—” I can hardly bear to leave him. I’m afraid he’ll vanish again, that all this is no more than a desperate wish, a vision brought to life by my own hunger and confusion. But I have to go. “Tonight. I’ll meet you by the elephants?” Impulsively I grab his arm once more, squeezing the solid flesh.
“Ow!” He shakes his arm in pretended agony. “You don’t have to maul me! I’ll be here, though I have to say, it will be quite an imposition on my valuable time.”
I smile again; it feels good. “Tonight,” I whisper, and then I turn to go.

***

I intend to doze awhile before I bring Jorin the supplies I’ve gathered and hidden under my blanket: a full water skin, a sack of bread and raisins, and a tunic of Kenaan’s I’ve taken from Zeda’s stash. If she notices it missing, she shouldn’t have any reason to suspect me.
Still, once night falls and even Aliye and the other birds next door quiet down, I find my body and mind unwilling to fall into sleep. Maybe it’s a good thing, since I won’t suffer through another nightmare of Derya’s ghost… Then something occurs to me. That’s why I didn’t dream of Jorin’s ghost. Some part of me must have sensed his presence here, alive and only steps away from me in the depths of the ark.
When I can hear not only the snoring of the women beside me, but the even louder breaths and snorts and wheezes drifting in from the men’s room next door, I know it’s time.
I hold my breath as I gather my hidden stash, rise to my feet, and tiptoe toward the doorway. My greatest fear is that Aliye will wake and call out, but to my relief, she doesn’t. Then I have to weave a perilous path through the sleeping men, within a darkness so deep it seems solid, in order to reach the ladder. Halfway down the rungs, my foot lands too hard, and the wood groans below me. I freeze, certain I’m about to be discovered, but when the snoring continues I creep the rest of the way down to the lower level.
I know the blackness hides wild things with sharp teeth—I can hear some of them crying out and others pacing, prowling in their cages—but I’m too excited to feel much fear. Still, I wish I’d thought to bring one of Aunt Zeda’s oil lamps. Though I hold my arms out before me, I knock against cages quite a few times, but eventually I make it to the far wall. I’m feeling down the length of it for the doorway when a hand falls onto my shoulder, and my whole body seems to snap in shock.
I’ve just recovered enough to breathe again, and I’ve opened my mouth to tell Jorin off for scaring me, when a pair of lips presses against mine. Fleshy, demanding, somehow familiar lips, and I know—
It’s Kenaan.
I drop my sack to the ground, use both arms to push him away with all my strength. He goes willingly enough, only to snarl out, “Still playing coy, Neima? Surely you know there’s no point to that any longer.” He moves closer again, so I can smell the sweaty, animal stink of him, and kicks the sack at my feet. The sloshing sound of water reverberates in my gut as he asks, “Water for your precious elephants, huh? They can’t wait for morning like the rest of these miserable creatures?”
A pause; I can sense his body coiling with tension, a predator about to strike. “Or was there another reason you snuck down here?”
I freeze, willing myself not to panic, not to reveal how close he’s come to the truth.
“You know what I think?” He moves closer still, so I can feel the hot puffs of his breath hitting my face, can see the gleam of his teeth against the darkness. My back is pressed against the ark wall now; I have no space left to retreat. “I think you wanted me to hear you, to wake and follow you down here. I think you want this as much as I do—”
I actually relax the smallest bit; Kenaan’s inflated ego has him so thoroughly deluded, I won’t have to worry about him discovering the truth. But then he breaks through the meager space left between us, closes his lips over mine once more…
…and I realize I still have plenty to worry about. I can’t breathe, can’t escape the acrid taste of him and the insistent pressure of his body against mine. Though I can’t see them in the darkness, a vision of his eyes swims before me: black and narrowed, shrewd and cold. Hungry. Jackal’s eyes. Wolf’s eyes. Then his hands are on me, pawing at my threadbare shift, but they don’t touch my belt and I realize the darkness gives me an advantage as well. Kenaan is so sure of himself, he’s not even bothering to restrain my arms.
I take a deep breath. Steel myself.
And then, all in one movement, I pull the knife from my belt and place the cold, sharp edge against his throat.
His mouth goes slack against mine. His hands fall from my shift. He steps back, and I let him, but I continue to hold the knife up before him.
“Have you gone mad, Neima?” he asks, his voice shifting from bluster to disbelief. “Where did you even get—”
“I have not gone mad,” I cut him off, fighting to keep my own voice from trembling. “But we are not married yet”—I step toward him, and he stumbles back, away from the knife—“and I will not allow you to touch me.” We move in an awkward sort of dance, keeping a safe distance between us, dodging cages as we make our way back to the ladder. I’m afraid my heart will beat itself out of my chest, but I manage to keep my steps sure, my breath steady, till Kenaan reaches the ladder and scrambles up it.
I wait to see if he’ll return with the others, though I don’t think he will—he has too much pride to reveal what happened tonight. By the time my heartbeat has slowed, I’m sure he’s not coming back.
I tuck my knife into my belt and take a few steps away from the ladder and into the darkness. I know that once again, I’m not alone, and there’s no point in trekking all the way to the elephants.
I take a deep breath. “All right,” I say. “You can come out.”

Chapter Nine

By the time Jorin and I reach the elephants, my limbs have stopped trembling, but my muscles seem about to melt with the sudden release of tension. Jorin clearly knows this maze of cages better than I do, and he’s led me through the darkness without a single misstep or collision; still, I’m so exhausted that, after fumbling through the latched door of the elephant’s fence, I nearly collapse onto the filthy floor. I feel around for Bilal and Enise’s familiar leathery skin, and I find the nearest of the two lying on its side, legs and trunk outstretched. My hand catches on the cold smoothness of its little tusks—so this is Bilal, not Enise. I’ve never seen the elephants sleeping before, and somehow I imagined they’d do so standing up, like Aliye upstairs; but I like the fact that they sleep lying down. It makes them seem more childlike, somehow. More human.
I lean my back against Bilal’s broad stomach as it moves in and out in the slow, peaceful rhythm of sleep. Jorin lowers himself to the ground beside me, and I’m sure the elephant will sense our combined weight and wake, but he doesn’t. I curl my knees to my chest, resting my head upon them, and listen to Jorin rifling through the sack. He finds the water quickly, and the sound of him gulping it down lasts far too long. “Some of that was for washing,” I grumble. I remember his grime-streaked face, and I know he must stink, though the stench of the animals drowns out everything else. I stink, too—we all do—but at least the rest of us have the rain to wash off the worst of the sweat and dirt.
“Sorry,” he gasps out between more hurried sips, “just…so…thirsty…”
“I’ll bring you more tomorrow, when I’m tending to the animals.” My voice comes out sharper, snippier than I intended.
A few last sips and then I hear the sound of the empty water skin hitting the floor, the collapse and the soft escape of air. “I kept my promise, didn’t I?” Jorin says. “I didn’t follow you—or, well, I didn’t come too close. I let you handle Kenaan.”
“Yes…yes, you did.” Still, all the excitement of this night, the thrill of seeing Jorin and sharing his secret, has scattered and dissolved into the murky air around us. Ruined—not by Jorin, but by Kenaan. I know Jorin feels it too; I can tell by the way he distracts himself, sifting through the rest of the pack and examining the contents by touch and smell. Most of the animals are quiet, and I almost wish for the grumbles of wildcats and the howls of wolves, or at least the dull thud of the rain on the roof that’s become such a constant upstairs.
Rain. Jorin can’t hear the rain down here, and I’m sure he can’t imagine the extent of the disaster outside. No wonder he refuses to reveal himself—he probably thinks that in just a few more days, the waters rocking the floor beneath us will recede, and we’ll all leave this wretched prison.
“It’s still raining, you know,” I say. “The water has risen higher than you can imagine, and it seems to be holding steady, if not rising further. Even Noah hasn’t told us when we might expect—when this will end.” I’ve wondered if my grandfather has some idea, but I’ve been afraid to ask, to hear confirmed what I already suspect: that Noah has no more real knowledge or understanding of this disaster than the rest of us. “Someone else will find you eventually, or you’ll be forced out when I can’t bring you enough food. I don’t see why you can’t just—”
Jorin’s hand, warm and soft and miraculously dry in this dank place, closes over my arm. “No. You don’t understand—”
“So tell me.”
I hear him breathe in, out in hesitation, and then: “I heard them. I heard the people banging on the side of the ark, shouting, begging to be let in.”
“You—what?” His words are strange, indecipherable. Nonsensical.
He puts his other hand on top of mine, squeezes tight. I imagine his eyes piercing straight into me, the gold in them flashing, though I see only darkness. “I found this nook between the ark walls, right where the two sides join together. It’s actually—it’s just behind us, there.” He takes one hand from my arm to point, a wasted gesture in the blackness. “Your father and the others only come by about once a day, and they make so much noise that I have plenty of warning first. Those first few days, when I could still hear the rain driven sideways against the walls, and then when the floor started to shift, I just lay there with my head against the wall and I…I could hear them. Not all the words, but the screaming…”
I remember those first few days I sat with my own head leaning against the side of the ark, one floor above this one. I didn’t hear any screams. It can’t be…
“You were probably confused,” I say. “We all were—we were dazed and sick and frightened. The wind can sound like voices, and it would have flung trees and fences and bits of houses against the ark—”
“No, Neima. I thought I might be imagining it at first; I wished I was imagining it. But then I overheard—”
He stops, lifts his remaining hand from mine. “What?” I ask, needing to know now. “You overheard what?”
Jorin lets out a long, heavy breath before responding, “Isn’t that enough? They were begging to be let in, and your grandfather wouldn’t allow it.”
I shake my head, though I know he can’t see it. “Even if people were outside the ark—and I still think you imagined it—we couldn’t hear them up on the second level. We didn’t know.”
“They knew, Neima. Your grandfather and the other men—they heard. They saw, when they were up on deck.”
“No…” But as I penetrate the haze of those first few days, it comes back to me, muted, as though seen through a fog: Noah climbing up and down the ladder, his hands trembling on the rungs. Ham and my father and Japheth, following after him.
“They came down here to argue about it, Neima, and that’s what I overheard.” Jorin flings the words out now, each one like a little stone. “Noah said his God intended for those people to perish, that they were not righteous. Ham seemed to agree. Japheth wanted to rescue whoever they could, but…”
He stops. I still think he might have imagined all this—I remember my own confusion, my own nightmares, and I had water and air and company where Jorin had only darkness and the smells and cries of beasts. Despite my thoughts, though, his stone-words seem to have settled in my stomach, weighing me down. “But what? What about my father?”
A pause, another heavy breath, and then… “He…he didn’t say much. He seemed to agree with Noah.”
I’m on my feet before I’ve fully comprehended his words. “You’re lying.” I’m shaking my head, wringing my hands, but I know to Jorin I’m just a disembodied voice. “My father would never allow innocent people to die, not if he could do something to help.”
Jorin pushes himself up too, moving toward me, though I’m already backing away. “I didn’t want to tell you, Neima—” he starts, but I break in.
“You’re lying. There’s some other reason you don’t want to reveal yourself, so you invented—”
“No.”
His voice is rising, and mine does too as I continue, fumbling for the latch in the fence. “You’re lying, or you’re confused, or— You’re just wrong.”
“I—”
A sudden series of sounds drown out Jorin’s words: a creaking of the wooden beams beneath us, a shuffling and shifting of some massive weight, and finally a bellow of distress. “See what you’ve done now?” I snap at him. “You’ve disturbed the elephants!” Both of them are crying out now—Enise’s cries are shorter and higher than Bilal’s bellow, and even more trying to my ears.
I expect Jorin to offer some flippant reply, but to his credit, he doesn’t. I finally find the latch, and I’m half in, half out of the pen when a trunk wraps around my wrist. “Not now,” I say, shaking it off. Even the elephants are a nuisance tonight.
“Neima—”
“Good night, Jorin.” I sigh. “I’ll leave your water here tomorrow.”

***

I wake, groggier than usual, to the familiar sound of Noah railing at Japheth. It’s always something different—Japheth is too slow to start work, or too quick to finish; he feeds the animals too much or too little; he carelessly drops a bucket of water or fails to notice a hole in a sack of feed. It’s always something different, but it’s always something. I suppose my grandfather and his youngest son have always bickered like this; I was simply never forced to witness it so often before.
Japheth’s response is always the same, too: first he pretends he doesn’t hear Noah, which only makes his grandfather louder and more vehement; then, inevitably, Japheth will mumble something that sends Noah into a complete fury. Father will loom over son, jabbing a shaking finger at Japheth’s forehead, or even near one eye, and then…
Only this last part varies. Usually Japheth ends up stalking away, head lowered, shoulders slumped, hands fisted as though he’s holding all his anger within himself. But sometimes—like now, for instance, as I sit up to find I’m the last one to awaken, that the rest of the men are trickling into the women’s room, in search of a few bites of bread—Grandmother Nemzar intervenes.
I watch her step behind Noah, place her hands on his shoulders, and whisper something in his ear—something soft and soothing, judging by the way his expression slackens and his complaints fade to mutters. Japheth takes the opportunity to slink away, back to Arisi, who offers a smile so convincing, even I almost believe she’s oblivious to the tension around her. How does she do it? How does she stay so patient and considerate of others when she’s sick and starving for salt and meat and even dirt?
I turn my attention back to my grandmother, who is subtly leading Noah away from Japheth and Arisi, and similar questions flood my mind. Doesn’t Nemzar get tired of taking care of everyone else, of snuffing their anger out like flames between her bare fingers? Doesn’t she have any anger of her own? Doesn’t she ever want to just scream at everyone to stop, to take care of their own problems, to leave her alone? Or does she worry that if she started screaming, she wouldn’t be able to stop?
Or maybe that’s just me.
Mother walks by then, scowling. “Why aren’t you up, Neima?” she demands. “We have work to do.”
What does it matter anyway? We’re all going to die here, so why break our backs lugging food and water to animals who are dying already? No—it’s not so easy to say what you think.
I push myself to my feet, grab an empty water skin and head for the ladder, though first I scan the room for Kenaan. He’s in the corner with his parents, eating and scratching himself. An involuntary ripple of disgust rolls through me before I turn my eyes elsewhere, relieved; I want to go on deck, where I can breathe, but not if Kenaan’s up there. Before I can escape, though, my gaze snags on another face I don’t want to see. To tell the truth, right now this one troubles me even more than Kenaan’s.
My father. He’s rooting through a bag of supplies, not looking anywhere near me, and I can’t help but study him for a moment. His hair and beard have grown too long, wild and disheveled, and his eyes have a strange gleam to them, a determination that hovers just at the edge of despair. It’s how I imagine my own eyes must look, now, and—
Father wouldn’t leave innocent people to die, or even guilty ones. It isn’t possible.
I shake my head to clear the murk inside, and then I head up the ladder, toward the familiar rainfall.

***

Later that morning, I manage to leave some water for Jorin, as promised; and he stays away, hidden somewhere in the shadows, as promised. I no longer feel eyes on me throughout the endless gray afternoon; I no longer stumble over oddly shaped pieces of wood in my path. And strangely enough, I somehow feel a little disappointed, even lonely. Well, there’s no reason to, and I’ll just have to put it out of my mind.
And then, when the animals have all been given their paltry portion of food, and the cages are as clean as they’ll get for the day, which isn’t very, I make one last trip to the deck so I can rinse some of the muck off in the rain. And I find my father, standing alone, gazing out at the gray-green waves.
This is it. This is my chance to prove Jorin wrong, to settle my worries once and for all. I move toward Father, my steps muffled by the rain, and I’m sure he won’t hear me coming. I’ll be able to back out, if I decide to, right up until the moment I put a hand on his arm and ask—
He whirls toward me, eyes narrowed, when I’m still several arms’ length from him. He looks so on guard, as if he fears being caught at something, that it makes my throat constrict. Then he seems to realize it’s only me; his eyes soften, his mouth lifting in a tentative smile. “You startled me,” he says. Has his voice always sounded so thick and parched, so weary? Or is it just warped by the unceasing echo of the rain?
“I—” I have to get this over with. “I have something to ask you, Father, if I may.”
His eyes narrow again, this time in confusion, or perhaps concern. “Yes?”
“Did you— Were there—” I take a breath and then let it all out, as quick as I can. “Is it true people were begging to be let on the ark, and you refused them?”
His eyes widen for a moment, his body slumps in a way I instantly recognize as guilt, and then he casts his gaze back down on the water. He doesn’t have to say anything; I already know.
His voice rasps like two sticks rubbed together as he begins, “How did you—” The question falls away unfinished, barely distinguishable from the rainfall.
I’ve already planned for this, so I say, “I overheard Ham telling Kenaan.” It seems like something my uncle would do. I open my mouth again, ready to ask Father how he could possibly allow this, but the words refuse to come out. I am not supposed to question my father, just as he is not supposed to question his father. But the entire world is not supposed to fill with water, either, and our village isn’t supposed to be destroyed and my best friend isn’t supposed to—
What does supposed to matter anymore?
So I ask, “Why?”, and my voice comes out higher, more of a whine than I would like, as though I’m just a child who can’t possibly understand the ways of men.
I half expect Father to scream at me, even to slap me, though he’s never done so before. But then I’ve never questioned him like this before. For a moment, everything feels so silent that I’d swear even the rain has stopped, that the whole world is holding its breath.
When Father finally speaks, his voice is calmer, more resigned than I expected. “We had no choice, Neima. These were the same people threatening to burn the ark down just days earlier. What do you think would have happened if we’d let them all on board?”
“They—they wouldn’t really have burned down…” But they might have. Munzir might have, and now his son is on the ark, and I’m the only one who knows.
But that’s not what’s important here, and my next words come out before I’ve thought them through. “So you let them die? That makes you as bad as they are!” I clamp my hand over my mouth, too late. Now I’ve really gone too far.
Father takes my hand in his rough one and lowers it back to my side, his grip firm but gentle, without anger. “You didn’t see them, Neima. They were crowding, pushing, crushing each other like…” He closes his eyes. “Like animals. I wish we could have let the children on—that’s what Japheth wanted to do—but if we had lowered a rope even for a moment, we would have been swarmed. It would have been chaos. People fighting over food, space, each other…they’d likely have destroyed the ark, or buried it under their weight…they might have slaughtered the animals below…”
My stomach heaves as though, once again, the ark is tilting beneath me for the first time. I picture people—people I’ve lived beside my entire life—massing together like cattle, hovering like a flock of birds, or bats, panicked and thoughtless. Perhaps we humans really are beasts, monsters, even; perhaps we really should be destroyed.
Then I turn and look into my father’s eyes, and what I find there—two dark, heavy pools of regret—is somehow worse than any horrific image my mind can conjure. “I understand,” I say, and add silently, though I wish I didn’t, before I retreat to the ladder and descend once more.

***

Before I’ve even stepped off the ladder, the sound of Shai crying—wailing, really—floods my ears. Once my feet land on the rough wood floor, and four walls and a ceiling enclose me once more, I shut my eyes, clench my fists; I’m not sure I can take this right now. But I can’t ignore the feeling of Shai tug-tug-tugging at my skirt, my arm, so I open my eyes to find she’s pulling me toward Aliye in her makeshift nest. When we reach the bird, Shai holds back a gasp long enough for me to hear that Aliye is crying and moaning, too, nearly as loud as Shai herself. “She’s sick,” Shai says, “and Momma says we have to put her back in her cage, because if that bird screams near her ear one more time, she just might wring its scrawny little—”
She keeps going, but I block out her words as I suck in a deep breath. I look around for Shai’s dear “Momma;” she’s still occupied with her husband and son, deliberately ignoring the rest of us. I wonder where Grandfather Noah is right now, and how he would feel about his daughter-in-law murdering one of his precious animals. Aliye might be one of the last two doves left in the world, after all.
I could find Noah, tell him… Except I can’t imagine looking into his face—those hard, dark eyes, that leathered skin framed by the white hair and beard grown longer and more tangled than ever—and speaking so many words. I don’t speak to Grandfather, and he doesn’t listen to me. That’s the way it’s always been.
I kneel to examine Aliye, and let out a cluck of worry. Shai is right—the bird is thinner, noticeably so, her neck so scrawny I’m afraid it will snap as she bobs it back and forth. This doesn’t make sense: we spoil Aliye with bits of our bread and dried fruit, and while the rest of the animals are suffering, she should be plump. Her feathers should be thick and gleaming, not ragged and dull and so suspiciously sparse, I suspect many of them have fallen off and disappeared in the depths of her blanket-nest. “Perhaps she does need to go back in her cage,” I muse. “Perhaps she pines for her mate.” It seems too romantic an idea to be true, though.
“No!” Shai squeals, loud enough to startle me back onto my feet, Aliye in my cupped hands. Her protest has caught her mother’s attention as well, and Zeda turns our way with a scowl so fierce I can feel it from across the room. She starts toward us, but Kenaan reaches a hand out, pulls her back, whispers something low and urgent. And then he’s the one heading in our direction.
Wonderful. Just wonderful.
I avoid his eyes as he studies the bird, places a dark, dirt-streaked hand above her wing feathers. “Have you been feeding it gravel?”
“Gravel?” The word is out before I remember I’m not speaking to Kenaan. Shai repeats my question, and to my relief, Kenaan responds to her rather than me, kneeling down to meet her gaze.
“You have eyes”—he rests two fingers on her forehead, one above each delicate eyebrow—“two perfectly capable, perfectly beautiful eyes—”
Shai giggles, and I try not to blame her for it. She’s only ten, and Kenaan is charming. Insufferably so. Still, I wish he would get to the point.
By the time he starts talking about chickens, I’m ready to walk away, dove and all, until I hear, “…and you’ve never noticed the hens pecking at pebbles behind our house? The rock pigeons nibbling at sand and silt by the river?”
I realize that I have observed this; I’ve just never had reason to think about it before. I don’t respond, though, and Shai only shrugs, wide-eyed. Kenaan pinches his sister’s full lower lip between his thumb and forefinger, pulls it down to expose her small teeth, tweaks it a bit before releasing it and giving her nose a poke for good measure. I want to be disgusted, but there’s no malice or lust in his movements; he truly loves Shai, the way an older brother should love his sister. He would never hurt her—I can tell by the light in his eyes when they meet hers.
“Birds don’t have beautiful teeth like yours,” he goes on. “In fact, they don’t have any teeth at all. They swallow gravel so it can grind their food to tiny pieces in their stomachs. If they can’t find gravel, they get sick and weak, like your dove here.” He taps three fingers gently, almost affectionately atop the bird’s head as he rises to his feet again.
I’m stunned. How could Kenaan notice something like this, something so subtle and beautiful about the way the animal world works—worked, before it was all destroyed—when I’ve never even considered it? Wasn’t he too busy chasing after pretty girls like Derya, or admiring his reflection in the river?
“So why aren’t the other birds starving? Why is the hen below still laying eggs?” Once again my questions rush out, harsh and suspicious, before I can bite them down.
Aliye squawks peevishly in my hands as if in echo, and Kenaan answers nonchalantly, “Because I’ve been giving them gravel. I brought a big sack of it onto the ark.” He smiles down at Shai. “I’ll get some for your dove, and she should perk right up.” He lifts his eyes to mine for a moment, still smiling but tentatively now, before he turns—
—turns and leaves me utterly perplexed, more furious than ever. What right does he have to be kind and thoughtful now, when I need to hold on to my hatred of him? I can’t bear all this—living with Kenaan and his parents and our grandparents, the ark, the animals, the rain, the hunger, all of it—without the help of that hot, hard anger.
I look down at Aliye as she rests quietly in my hands, calm and placid and even sweet. Is this the same bird who was shrieking my head to pieces minutes ago? And is this Kenaan, the one who’s returning now with a handful of sand and pebbles, smiling at his sister, the same boy who trapped me in the dark, pushed me against a wall and forced his lips to mine?
And while I’m asking impossible questions… How is my father, the man who held me close when I was Shai’s age, who promised he’d always keep me safe, the same person who let innocent children die? And how is Grandfather Noah, my mad, foolish grandfather Noah, our prophet and savior? Is he our savior?
I hand the dove over to Shai, walk away, let her and Kenaan take care of Aliye for now. My mind, even my body is too full of wanting to hold anything else. Wanting things to be simple, clear, the way they used to be, when I knew who was good and who was bad, whom to hate and whom to love.
Wanting the world to be whole once again.


Chapter Ten

Later that evening, while everyone’s preoccupied with dinner and various minor crises, I gather another sack of supplies for Jorin. A peace offering. I mean to take it to him that night, but though I try to sit up till the snores all around me echo against the rainfall, I can’t keep my eyes open. Soon I find myself tumbling deeper and deeper into dark, drowning dreams of Derya. I face her, both of us floating underwater; her hair twists and coils and knots like tangles of river weeds, hiding her face, arms, chest behind its shadowy mass. Black locks thread through my fingers, tickle my wrists, wrap around my arms and up to my neck—Derya’s hair was never this long or this strong, this alive, like a nest of snakes—pulling tighter, tighter till I’m gasping for breath, trying to propel myself back to the surface, to wakefulness.
By the time I force my eyes open, the dim light that passes for morning has crept its way into the corners of the ark, and my mother and aunts are already stirring. So I go about my day as usual, wait for a quiet moment to smuggle the supplies down to Jorin, and leave them by the elephants’ pen. He’ll understand what I mean by offering them, and he’ll know to expect me tonight.
The rest of the day passes without incident. Arisi has nearly finished knotting together her fishing net, and I hope it does its task and finds a fish or two to satisfy her. She still whispers of her strange cravings for salt and dirt and gravel, and I’m more concerned than ever. On the other hand, a diet of gravel seems to have done Aliye some good: our dove is roaming cheerfully again, begging for scraps, hopping and attempting to take flight despite her bound wing. In just a few days it will be time to remove her splint. Once more I have the urge to find a scrap of wood, attempt to carve the bird’s sleek form and the feathered slope of her wing, before we have to return her to her cage. But I’m too exhausted, and even with Zeda’s lamps, the night is far too dark. When I etch the tenth mark on the ark wall—ten days we’ve been trapped here, now—I can barely see it at all.
It’s darker still when I wake from a few hours’ restless, though this time dreamless, sleep. I rise and creep carefully between the sleeping forms of my family, down the first rungs of the ladder. I’ve barely descended when two thin but strong, muscle-taut arms wrap around me, and a rough hand against my mouth muffles my cry.
“It’s me, Neima.” Jorin’s lips rest against my ear so that I feel more than hear his words. He lowers his hand and I whirl on him, grabbing his wrist to pull him away from the ladder, from any listening ears, but he lets me lead him only a few feet before he locks in place. Though I tug and tug, he refuses to go any farther. I hesitate and then press my lips to his ear, just as he did to mine, and speak as softly as I can:
“Are you mad? They might hear us.”
“I’m going on deck, Neima.” His words rush together, faster and faster. “Just for a minute. I know it’s a risk but I swear if I spend one more night breathing this foul—”
As he speaks his voice rises, still a whisper, but frantic enough that I clamp my hand over his mouth. He does sound half-mad, and it makes me shiver. His head shakes back and forth behind my hand, and then he breaks away from me, moving toward the ladder. I can’t stop him. I have no choice but to follow.
The ba-room, ba-room of my heart, the shaking of my limbs, the landing of each footfall on the ladder, all seem loud enough to wake even the tigers and elephants below. But when I surface behind Jorin, we’re alone, with no noise or presence to greet us beyond the steady drumbeat of the rainfall. Jorin stands with his hands outstretched, head tilted back, mouth wide open to drink in the rain. I want to take in every detail of him—the curve of muscle along his arms, the gleam of his hair—but something seems strange. Off.
I squeeze my eyes shut and open them again before I realize: I can see him. The moon has accomplished what the sun hasn’t, these past ten days; it has pierced its way through the ever-present clouds, bringing us light, if only a little. Its muted beams wrap themselves around Jorin’s form as he heads for the railing and leans over the edge, breathing hard. The look on his face, an expression of longing and terror at once—head still raised, lips parted, eyes desperately searching the sky—seems to touch me the way the moon touches him. It lands on the top of my head and slides down my spine like cold liquid, like another raindrop, but this one is inside my body and it makes me shiver to my bones. I’m pulled to his side, where I place my hand atop his.
“It’s not real.” It takes me a moment to realize he’s spoken aloud. He turns his face to mine, his eyes sparking in the moonlight. “It’s a dream. A nightmare. It isn’t real. Tell me it isn’t real.”
“I…” The rain swirls around me, inside me, turning my mind in circles till I don’t know what to say. But the words come out. “Why did you want to come up here, then? Don’t you see it’s as bad here as it is down below? There’s no escape, nothing left, we’re all doom—”
Jorin’s warm, insistent lips close over mine, chasing away the rest of my words, my thoughts. I gasp and he takes my breath into him, his lips forcing mine open, pulling me deeper and deeper until…
I push away. “Jorin, what are you doing?”
He grabs my wrists, his fingers tight and surprisingly hot around my bones. “Don’t you see?” Though he mirrors my words from a moment ago, his voice has a lightness, a giddiness to it that frightens me. “Nothing matters now. We can do whatever we want. What we need.”
I look into his eyes again, and I do see need there. I feel it in his burning grasp, and I know…
Jorin cares for me. Has always cared for me. He didn’t kiss me simply because I’m here for the taking, as Kenaan did. I’ve always understood, deep inside, that the light in Jorin’s eyes when he looks my way is more than friendship. Perhaps he even loves me—
—and I love him too, but as a friend. Only as a friend. Right? For me to return his advances now… it wouldn’t be fair to him. He needs me, and I need…a friend. A human presence. A hand to hold mine, a pair of lips to press against my own…
If I kiss Jorin again, I’ll be making a promise. A promise I’m not sure I’m prepared to offer, much less keep. I turn my head away…
…and the want, the need rises inside me again, forcing aside all thoughts of being fair and reasonable. Just as before, when Father made his terrible confession, when Kenaan helped heal our dove, I’m overcome with the thought that everything is wrong, upside down, broken. The wanting consumes me, until I would do anything, anything to turn things right once again. Only now—now I know how to make the world whole, if only for a moment.
In one swift movement, I pivot back toward Jorin and press my lips to his.
I’d swear the rain grows stronger as our mouths open, tongues meet, hands roam and clutch at each other’s arms and shoulders and necks. Water whirls around us, slams into us from all sides, forcing us closer and closer together until our edges dissolve and we become one thing, one seeking, reaching, desiring being. The rain can go on forever, can pelt us like stones, break us to pieces. I don’t care, so long as I can stay like this.
The drumming of the rain rises to a roar, the heat of Jorin’s hands and lips pulls an answering fire from inside me, and out of the rush of noise and emotion comes the voice:
“So there’s an extra rat on board, I see. A large one.”
In one instant, the sounds and sensations and warmth fall away. I don’t want to turn toward the voice, but my body moves as if jerked by a string.
Standing before us, the moonlight illuminating his face so we can make out every curve of his sneering smile, is my cousin. Kenaan.

***

I stare at the oil lamp in my father’s hands. I focus on the quivering flame and try my best not to look up at Father’s drawn, exhausted face, cast alternately in shadow and light. As for the other faces, the figures standing in shadow—Noah and Ham, Japheth and Kenaan all gathered near Father, Jorin facing the men with as much distance as he can get between them, Mother with a stern arm on my shoulder and the other women behind her—I can’t make out their features at all. Voices come out of blackness, making the words even more frightening:
“Believe me,” from Jorin, “I never meant to deceive you all.” He sounds as steady and confident as I’ve ever heard him, his words betraying no hint of the terror he must feel inside. That’s good; if he acts like he deserves to be here, perhaps he will convince the others as well. But before he can go on, Ham’s harsher voice cuts in:
“Of course he meant to trick us, and now he will try to destroy us.” A pause, and then, “He is Munzir’s son.”
“Munzir’s son,” Noah nearly growls, and my every muscle tenses. Why did Ham have to remind him? My gaze darts toward Kenaan’s dark form; if he reveals just what Jorin and I were doing on deck, then all, all will be lost. The next voice, though, is not Kenaan’s but my father’s:
“Father,” he speaks directly to Noah, “it is late, and we’ve all had quite a shock. We should wait till morning, clear our heads and—”
“We do not need to wait,” Noah breaks in. “We cannot wait. Munzir has already attempted to destroy the ark once, and we stood against him. I believe—” He stops, seems to falter, and my breath catches; but then he continues, his voice even stronger than before. “I believe that Munzir’s attack was a test, sent by God so we could prove our faith to Him. We passed that test, and now the Lord has sent us another.” Noah pauses to swallow, a thick, clogging sound that I can almost feel in my own throat. “Munzir’s son cannot remain on this ark. He is not pure, as we are. We must cast him over the side, and let God decide his fate.”
“No!” The word is out before I can stop it, and Mother gasps and smacks her hand against my mouth. It seems even darker, now, than it was a moment ago, certainly much too dark to see, but somehow I know Grandfather’s eyes are on me as he says,
“It must be done. Tonight.”

Neima’s story will continue in…

FORTY NIGHTS

Neima’s Ark, Book Two

Coming Summer 2013
A Note on Capitalization

Opinions differ on the capitalization of the word “god” when referring to the Judeo-Christian God. One take is that the Judeo-Christian God is a proper noun, and should therefore always be capitalized, while the word “god” referring to, say, a Greek or Roman god is not a proper noun and should not be capitalized. A differing opinion is that capitalization of God implies belief, so if a character cries out, “Oh my God!”, the use of capitalization indicates the character’s religious belief. I tend to agree with the former of the two options—that the Judeo-Christian God, as a proper noun, should be capitalized regardless of a character’s or author’s beliefs—and therefore I’ve chosen to capitalize the word God in this novel. On the other hand, I do believe that the capitalization of he, him, etc. in reference to God connotes belief. Therefore, I have capitalized he, him, etc. used to refer to God only in Noah’s dialogue. Since my narrator, Neima, is less sure about the existence of the one God, I have not capitalized he, him, or his referring to God in her narration.
Ultimately, Forty Days is a work of imagination and storytelling. My intention is to examine a traditional tale in a new way, not to make a definitive religious statement.

Acknowledgments

A huge thank you to Brenda Bowen for inspiring this project. Thanks to Najla Qamber for the gorgeous cover, and to Janna Mashburn, Dianne Acoba, Joseph Murphy, Kimberly Russell, Christianna Marks, Marissa Aldana, and Tiffiny for beta reading. Thanks to my parents for helping with research, and to my sister Gillian and aunt Lenis for reading and spotting errors. A huge thanks to all the bloggers, readers, and indie authors who have been so supportive as I’ve explored the world of independent publishing, and who have helped me decide that for now, the indie world is where I belong. And thanks once again to my parents and sister for always supporting me.



About the Author

Stephanie Parent is a graduate of the Master of Professional Writing program at USC and attended the Baltimore School for the Arts as a piano major. She moved to Los Angeles because of Francesca Lia Block's Weetzie Bat books, which might give you some idea of how much books mean to her. She also loves dogs, books about dogs, and sugary coffee drinks both hot and cold. Stephanie is the author of the contemporary YA novel in verse Defy the Stars. Her new adult romance, Precious Things, is forthcoming in May 2013. Visit Stephanie at http://www.stephanieparent.blogspot.com.
