Richards’ Way

Book One

By Rick Wilson

Copyright 2014 Rick Wilson

Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. 
If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
This is a total work of fiction. Any similarities between any person, place, or occurrence is purely coincidental.
Table of Contents:
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
About the Author
Chapter 1
A sweltering July sun was beating down relentlessly on a small farm in Alabama. The ground was dry and dusty from the lack of rain. Joe Richards had two worries on his mind. His wife had been in labor with their first child since early morning. A neighbor, Emily Asher, who served as a midwife for the community had been with her all day. He had attempted to check on his wife several times, but had been pushed out of the room. Emily had told him she would let him know as soon as he was needed.
He was also worried about his crops. There had been little rain all season and his fields were drying up faster than he could supply water. Joe had been a dirt farmer all of his life. This was his means of feeding his family, and if the crops failed, so would he. As he sat on the front porch his nerves unraveled more by the moment. He paced back and forth, hoping Emily would call for him at any time. If only he knew what was happening inside. His mind was whirring with a million thoughts. He was also thinking about what kind of father he would make. What did he know about raising children? He had been an only child, and had grown up on a farm with only grown-ups. He had no idea how to care for a little baby.
As the sun was beginning to set Emily Asher made her way to the porch and told him he could see his new son. Joe almost jumped for joy. Finally, the word had come. His heart and head were about to explode. He had been hoping for a boy since he found out his wife was pregnant.
Joe and Becky had been married two years when she announced they were going to have a baby. He thought back to the moment he had first heard the news. At first he was filled with joy, and then fear began to creep in. Would he make a good father? He knew this little baby would be totally dependent on his parents. Did he know enough to raise a child? All he could do was try his best and hope he did things right.
He opened the door to their bedroom. Becky was holding their son and doing her best to smile. Her body was soaked with sweat from a long day of labor pains. As she looked down at the baby Joe could almost see the pain dissipate. In his eyes she had never looked more beautiful. He adored his bride, and now he had a son to love just as much. Joe had always been a family oriented man. He had been close with his ma and pa. In his mind family was the most important thing a man could have.
“We have a son,” she said as she smiled up at her husband.
“You did a wonderful job honey,” Joe responded.
“All I had to do was push. Nature took care of the rest.”
“Are you o.k.?”
“I’ll be fine. I’m just really tired.”
“So this is our little Tom?”
“Yes, this would be him” she answered.
“Sounds like a good name for a strapping young man,” Joe responded.
“Did you hear him crying when Emily smacked his behind?”
“I sure did. The kid’s got a set of lungs for sure. He’ll grow up to be a strong man I’ll bet.”
“I just hope he turns out like his pa.”
“Let’s hope he is better than that.”
“Don’t be so modest Joe. You know you are a good man. That’s the reason I married you.”
“And I’m glad you did Becky. I couldn’t have asked for a better wife. I know you’ll make a fine mother too.”
“Thanks Joe. By the way, how are the crops doing?”
“You don’t worry about that right now. All you need to do is rest for a while. Tom seems to be going to sleep so I will go out and let you take a nap. If you need anything just holler.”
“I love you Joe.”
“I love you too honey.”
Joe stepped out of the room and partially pulled the door closed so that his wife could get some rest. He would stay close by in case she needed him for anything. While she was napping he would prepare something for them to eat. He imagined she would be hungry after she rested.
This was the second best day of his life. The first had been the day he married Becky. He had never realized what it felt like to really be in love with someone like he had been with her. The two seemed like a match made in heaven. He was so thankful that she had made her way into his life.
He brought out the family Bible and returned to the straight chair on the front porch, leaving the door opened a little so he could hear if she should call. The last thing he had recorded was the day he and Becky were married. Now he had another entry, the birth of his son. The entry read: Tom Joseph Richards, born July 15, 1848. This would be a day he and his wife would never forget. Their journey as husband and wife had now become a journey as parents of a fine young son. This would also mean more responsibility on Joe’s shoulders. He had been providing for two, but now he would have to provide for a third family member. It would be worth all the work in the world. Joe was more proud of his family than anything in his life.
Later that evening Becky called for Joe to bring her something to eat. He had whipped up some beef stew and biscuits, of which he fixed her a plate. Of course, he wasn’t nearly the cook his wife was, but he wasn’t so bad. He had been cooking for himself for a long time, and had learned a few secrets along the way. At least what he cooked was edible. He liked it anyway. He had learned a lot about cooking from his ma when he was growing up. She always told him it was good for a man to know his way around the stove. “You never know when you may have to fend for yourself,” she would say.
Sure enough, there had been several years when Joe had to depend on his cooking. He lived alone, and eating was a necessary part of life. He had been on the farm alone for five years before he married Becky. He had become pretty adaptable at taking care of himself. The more he cooked the better it tasted. He thought he was a good cook until he ate some of Becky’s food. She could cook as well as his ma, and for a man that was saying something. He had gained a few pounds since the two were married. Becky believed in feeding her man well, and Joe loved to eat.
The Richards farm was not large compared to most in the community. Joe owned 150 acres. Some of the land was used for farming, but he also had a few head of livestock. He owned two horses and a mule, two hogs, several chickens, a milk cow, and two head of beef stock. The family used the chickens for eggs, and also for a meal from time to time. Once a year a hog was butchered and smoked to supply meat. When the cattle produced a calf Joe would butcher it for food when it was large enough. The rest of the time he hunted for meat. Joe had always liked to have meat on the table at dinner. It would be rabbit, squirrel, quail, venison, or whatever he could scare up. Becky could make rabbit stew that would melt in your mouth. As a matter of fact, anything she cooked was delicious.
The farm was located about three miles or so outside the town of Cranston. It actually wasn’t much of a town, more like a settlement. It had been named after some man named Cranston who had founded the town many years ago. It consisted of a small saloon, a Sheriff’s office, blacksmith, gunsmith, a general store, and a hotel which included a small diner. There was also a church on the edge of town.
The hotel only boasted four rooms because few people ever passed through Cranston. There was no official doctor in town, but a young man who had worked with a doctor for several years served as needed. He wasn’t much of a doctor, but he was better than nothing at all. Still, everyone around the area called him doc. He knew most of the old remedies, and some the local folks didn’t. He also had access to real medicine that he could prescribe for certain things.
The church had no regular pastor, but area circuit preachers would hold services the first and third Sunday of each month. Joe Richards could always be counted upon to be in attendance and help with anything that needed doing for the church. It was a small congregation, usually no more than thirty people on the average Sunday. That wasn’t bad considering there were only a hundred or so families in the area. Many of them lived several miles from the church, so it would have been difficult for them to make the trip.
The little town served as the only place to buy things for at least twenty miles around. Of the families settled in the immediate area most were farmers like the Richards, but a few had herds of cattle or horses. The homesteads were spread out over a fairly large area. Some of the cattle ranches consisted of a thousand acres or more.
The closest railway was thirty miles to the north in a town called Berryton. This meant the cattle had to be driven to the railway or even further to sell. Also, much produce was taken to the station to be transferred up north, or to other places where farming was not as practical. Joe had heard of these cities where people bought their food in a store, but he had never been to one. Just about everything on the Richards’ table came from their land whether it be vegetables or meat. About the only store bought things were sugar, salt, and flour.
Joe not only relied on his crops, but furs, pelts, and hides from hunting and trapping to make money to buy the things his family needed. He would bring them into town to sell or trade for merchandise. Once a month he made his way into town to buy whatever the family needed on the farm that he could afford.
The Asher family lived on the farm that bordered the Richards’. Garrett and his wife Emily had a son that was not quite a year old. Garrett operated a grist mill to make a living. This is where Joe took his corn to have it ground into corn meal. The Asher’s had a much smaller garden which was only used to feed the family. The mill made enough money for supplies and the things they needed.
It was just over a half mile between the houses, so the Richards and Asher’s were good friends. The next nearest neighbor was well over a mile away. Everyone in the area knew one another, as they had all met from time to time. If anyone needed help they could count on all the neighbors to show up and lend a hand. Joe remembered when the men had helped him build his home and barn five years back. The ladies had prepared a meal, and when the men had finished work they would sit and eat and discuss whatever was on their minds.
Two years ago when Joe and Becky had married everyone in the community turned out for the wedding. It wasn’t often people in Cranston got to see a marriage. Most of the people who lived there had been married for some time. The community didn’t see many new folks who came to Cranston to live. Most of the land was already owned and in use. Joe had just lucked up finding his piece of property.
Joe had worked on a farm with his parents until their death, and then worked on a large farm to save enough money to buy his own piece of land. His ma and pa had been sharecroppers all their lives. In return for their work they received a house and food to eat, along with a small salary. Upon their passing Joe had told the man they worked for that he intended to leave and try to save enough money to buy his own land. The man had been gracious and gave Joe a sum of money for the value of the home his parents had lived in for so many years. This would be a big help in starting his savings for his own piece of land. He immediately began looking for work, and found a large farm that paid good wages.
He saw his folks work their fingers to the bone and end up with nothing to show for it. Joe didn’t intend to spend his life this way. He had landed a job and worked hard for five years saving every penny he could. He heard of a piece of land in Cranston that had come up for sale and jumped on it. The owner had decided to downsize and wanted to sell the land quick. He priced it so low that Joe couldn’t pass up the opportunity.
At first Joe was skeptical of why the land was so cheap. It was only ten miles from where he was working, so he went to take a look at it. The land seemed like it would make a good farm. There was good dirt, a stream running through the property, and plenty of woods to hunt.
After looking over the land he began to ask questions of the owner. As it turned out the man who owned the land had been using it previously as extra grazing land for his cattle. He owned eight hundred acres which adjoined this property. He had recently downsized his herd because of declining health, and just didn’t need the land anymore. He explained to Joe that he priced it cheap so it would sell fast. He and his wife planned to slowly sell off much of their land and more or less retire from the cattle business. He said he had enough money put away to take care of them, especially after he sold the rest of his cattle and what land he wanted to get rid of.
Joe first built a small barn and corral on the property. He had to live in his wagon while he was working on getting a place to live. After the barn was built he could sleep in it until the house was finished. Many men from the area turned out when they could to help him with the building. Before long the house was complete, and Joe could settle in and start living his dream.
It had been back breaking work clearing land and trying to make something of the place, but it had finally begun coming together. Last year had been the first time that the farm had actually shown a profit. Until now, every penny that the farm made had to be put right back into it to help it grow.
Joe hoped his farm would continue to make money in the years to come, especially since he had a wife and child to care for.
The house was only a two room log cabin with a small loft. Joe had added a porch that spanned the length of the front of the cabin. He had always wanted a place of his own to sit and look over his own land. He was never sure that day would ever come, but he never gave up. Now he not only had his land and his porch, but a fine family to go along with it.
There was a bedroom, and a second room which served as a living room and kitchen. A large fireplace was situated in the center of the north wall. Joe had built the loft area for storage, but now it would become Tom’s room when he was old enough to use it. He had hung lamps from the ceiling in the living room and kitchen area. There was another in the bedroom, but it was rarely used for lighting. There were also lamps sitting on the table and around the house so that the Richards’ could have portable light wherever it was needed. And of course, there was always a good supply of candles, which Becky made herself.
The creek ran about thirty yards behind the cabin, which the Joe had used until he had a well. The creek was also good keeping their milk cool. It ran straight behind the cabin, then turned and angled through the rest of the property. The same creek also ran through the Asher’s property, which was used to help power the grist mill.

****
Chapter 2
Becky Richards had lived in a large city in Tennessee before her family moved to Cranston. Her family hadn’t been wealthy, but they comfortable. Her parents had managed to send her to school. They moved to the area about four months before she and Joe met. Her father dealt with some cattle, and served as a circuit preacher for the immediate area.
She had met her husband to be at the church in Cranston. Her father was one of the ministers who had just started holding services at the church from time to time. It had been a chance meeting, but Becky always thought it had been an answer to prayer. She felt more like it had been a miracle than anything else.
The two had hit it off from the start. Joe Richards had been the perfect southern gentlemen. Although she lived about ten miles to the north, they managed to see each other just about every weekend. Her father usually came to the church to preach once a month and they got to see each other then also.
After about a year of courting, Joe asked for Becky’s hand in marriage and her father had given his blessing. One Saturday evening he asked her to go on a picnic, which she gladly accepted. He had brought his wagon along with some fried chicken, corn, green beans, and cornbread. In his pocket was a small ring he had bought for this special occasion. It wasn’t much, but it was the best he could afford. He hoped that someday he would be able to buy her all the things she wanted.
He found a spot by a small pond and spread out a quilt under a maple tree. The two sat and talked while they ate their food. Afterward Joe took Becky by the hand and led her down to the lake. He looked her soulfully in the eye, got down on one knee and proposed. She immediately broke into tears and said yes.
About a month later the two were married. Becky’s father had given her away and a minister friend of his had performed the ceremony. The wedding was held in the Cranston church, with most of the community in attendance. Most everyone knew either Joe or Becky, so they were more than glad to attend the wedding. Weddings didn’t happen in the little community very often, so it was a big ordeal when one did. The ladies had set up a table fit for a king for their reception. There was one thing about all the women around Cranston; they could definitely cook up a wonderful meal. Joe and Becky couldn’t have imagined a more perfect wedding.
Joe carried his new bride over the threshold and set her feet down in her new home. He had spent days cleaning and decorating as best he could before bringing his new bride home. He wanted everything to be as perfect for her as he could make it.
“It’s not much I know, but someday we will make it better,” he told her.
“It’s perfect Joe. The only thing I care about is you. Don’t ever think you have to buy my love, or provide expensive things. I have lived with little all of my life. I don’t think I would like it any other way.”
“Still, I want to provide you with a good life and be able to buy you nice things.”
“All I ask is that you love me forever like you do today.”
“That much I can promise. I will love you until the day I draw my last breath.”
“And I promise you the same Joe. You have made this the happiest day of my life.”
“I hope this is only the beginning of happiness for us Becky.”
“I know it will be Joe. Someday we will have little ones to share our love with on this little farm. I am looking forward to spending my life right here helping you build this piece of land into whatever you want it to be.”
“I’ve only been here a five years, but the place has come a long way already. It’s not an easy job, but with a little sweat, I think we can make a go of it.”
“I’m not afraid of hard work. My father always taught me to carry my weight around the house. My mother and I have always had a garden to supply our family with vegetables. I also helped work the cattle. My father sold enough cattle to get us by, but we really never had much extra.”
“I’ve always been a farmer, but I do have a few head of livestock. I love to hunt, so I hope you like wild game.”
“I can cook a rabbit stew that will melt in your mouth,” she told him.
“If I hadn’t already fallen in love with you  that would have done it right there. I love rabbit stew.”
“See, I told you all along we were meant for each other.”
“You won’t get any argument from me.”
For the next two years the couple worked the land and began their dream of making it into a good farm. It was bringing in enough money to get by on, but that was about it. Every penny had to be stretched as far as it would go. Joe hoped that someday soon he would have more of the land cleared and could start bringing in a little more money. He wanted more for his new bride than to just get by. He wanted her to have the things a lady should have.
The day Becky realized she was pregnant was a special day for the couple. They immediately started discussing names for the baby. She of course wanted a little girl, but Joe had his heart set on a boy. Both of them agreed that it really didn’t matter as long as the baby was healthy. She knew a little girl would be able to help her around the house, but Joe needed a boy to help him in the fields. Besides, he didn’t know anything about raising a little girl. Come to think of it, he didn’t know anything about raising a little boy either.
As the time for the baby to come grew closer, both began to worry if they would be able to raise a baby. Neither had much experience with children. Joe had been an only child, and five years after the death of his parents he had moved onto the farm and lived alone. He was worried that he wouldn’t know how to be a father. Becky had no siblings either, but she had lived near a couple who let her babysit for them from time to time. Their daughter was six, so she had no experience with a baby.
One thing was for sure, whether they were any good at being parents or not, the baby would still arrive just as nature intended. They spent a lot of time praying that the Lord would help them bring up this little one the way it should be raised. Becky and Joe were both strong in their faith and knew that somehow everything would work out. Anyway, it was too late to turn back now. 
****
Chapter 3
And little Tom did make his appearance into the world on the little farm. His mother and father couldn’t have been more proud of their little bundle of joy. All of their fears had gone away now that the child had finally arrived. There wasn’t much time to worry anymore. Between trying to take care of the farm and raise a baby their time was pretty much filled.
Tom seemed to grow up quickly. Before they knew it he was four years old and already helping around the house. It wouldn’t be long before he would be able to help collect eggs and feed the animals. Joe planned to begin teaching his son how to hunt and track animals as soon as he was old enough. He would also have to teach him how to shoot and work in the fields. Someday all of this would be Tom’s, and his father wanted to make sure he knew how to take care of himself, and the farm. He didn’t intend for his son to ever have to depend on anyone.
The Asher family had a son named Mason who was less than a year older than Tom. Since the Richards’ were good friends with the family already, Tom and Mason also became best friends. Besides, they were the only two young boys for miles around. They loved to spend time together every chance they got.
Since Becky had received an education she would teach Tom to read and write and do arithmetic. She still had many of her school books which would help. He would also learn history and grow up to be a smart young man. It would be difficult to work in his lessons when he started doing chores, but she would have to make the time somehow. She didn’t want her son to be denied an education, or at least the best she could provide.
There was one tradition that the Richards’ family had always practiced. Each evening after supper they would sit around the table and read passages from the Bible and have a family prayer. By the time Tom was five he could quote the Ten Commandments word for word just from memory. Becky had already begun teaching him to read some along the way. She had also been helping her husband since he had not had been to school, and his parents hadn’t been much help in the way of education. He had learned to read well enough to read the Bible on his own, but he did need some help with math. He could do basic figuring, but that was about all.
By the time he was nine years old Tom could track as well as most men. He seemed to catch on quickly. His father had always been a good tracker. Maybe it ran in the Richards’ bloodline. As far back as Joe could remember all the men in the family had been excellent trackers and hunters. It was something they had to learn to survive if they wanted meat on the table.
At the age of ten Tom could shoot a rifle as good as any man around Cranston. He was a natural with a gun. The old Kentucky muzzle loader was a little long and heavy, but he managed. He had no trouble learning to hit what he was aiming at. When he had first started learning to shoot his pa would have to help steady the long barrel, but soon he was strong enough to shoot by himself.
Every year just before Thanksgiving the community had a turkey shoot. There would be pieces of paper with an X on them hung up fifty yards away from the shooter. The cost to enter was ten cents per shot. The one who came closest to the center of the X would take home a large turkey for their Thanksgiving dinner. 
Tom was the youngest shooter to ever enter the contest. Some of the men had laughed when they saw him signing up. A few even asked Joe why he was wasting his money letting the boy shoot.
“Let’s just see how it turns out,” Joe had said.
“It’s your money, waste it if you want.”
There were fifteen shooters who drew numbers for the order they would shoot. Tom had drawn the number fifteen, so he would be last.
As each man took his shot, no one had hit the cross mark. A few were very close, and one was extremely close. The man was already bragging that he had the turkey roasting already.
Tom came to the line and steadied the long rifle. He took a long breath and let a little out, then held it and fired.
“Direct hit,” the judge called out.
“What do you mean direct hit?” several of the men asked.
“I mean the kid split the middle of the X. If you don’t believe it come and look for yourselves.”
Joe couldn’t have been more proud of his son. He looked around and all the men were hanging their heads in shame. None of them could believe that a ten year old kid had out shot them.
“I guess we’ll be having turkey this year for sure,” Joe said.
“Don’t rub it in Joe,” one of the men said.
“I reckon that’s the best ten cents I ever spent.”
“Next year you take the shot. Maybe we can beat you.”
“Who do you think taught Tom how to shoot?”
“The boy must have had a natural talent. He shoots better than his pa for sure.”
“You might be right on that. Anyway, thanks for the turkey.”
There was a big chuckle that went through the crowd. Joe knew the men were embarrassed that a boy had beaten them, but they were taking it in good spirits. After all, what else could they do? Tom had won fair and square.
Tom knew from that moment that somehow guns would play a part in his future. He wasn’t sure exactly how just yet, but he knew he had a special talent. Besides, he had not warmed up to the farming life very well. He watched his ma and pa work their fingers to the bone and barely make a living. He wanted more out of life than that. At this point he had no idea how he would make that happen, but he had plenty of time to figure it out.
By the time Tom was twelve his pa would let him go hunting on his own as long as he didn’t wander to far from the house. He would often take Mason along with him to keep him company. It made him feel important to be able to teach his friend how to track an animal. Mason hunted some, but he wasn’t the hunter Tom was. He just went in the woods and took his chances. Tom knew how to read animal signs to better his chances of coming home with meat.
The two boys liked to spend as much time together as they could anyway. They were almost like brothers. When the weather permitted the two also enjoyed going to the creek that ran through the Richards’ farm and doing some fishing. Sometimes they would fish on the Asher’s farm, but they seemed to catch more on the Richards’ land. For some reason the creek seemed to be deeper there.
During the spring and summer, hunting had to take a back burner to the farm work. The fields had to be plowed and planted first. After that there was time for a little fishing until it came time to work the fields. Tom liked the winter months because he could hunt just about every day. He loved the woods and the thrill of the hunt. The more time he spent hunting, the less he wanted to be a farmer. Maybe that was his calling, to be a hunter. But he knew a hunter had to have a place to live and other things besides meat to live on.
He knew he didn’t want to spend his life on the farm, but still had no idea what he wanted to do. For right now, farming would have to be the most important thing. Maybe as he grew older he would decide what it was that he really wanted to do with the rest of his life. He was young yet, so he had plenty of time to make up his mind.

****
Chapter 4
Tom always tagged along with his pa when he went to town. There were always things around the farm that were broken or in need of repair, so hardware was the first stop Joe always made in the general store. Since Cranston was so small, the general store served as a hardware, clothing, and grocery store. Just about anything a person would need could be bought there. The only thing not sold was firearms, but that was because the gunsmith in town handled that business. He would also accept almost anything of use in trade for a rifle or pistol.
This particular Saturday afternoon Joe had some other business he wanted to attend to while he was in town. It was January of 1861 and there had been a lot of talk in Cranston about rumors of a possible war on the horizon. Joe intended to talk to some of the leaders in town to find out more about the situation. He already knew many of the southern states had seceded from the union, and more were joining them. This talk had been going around for some time, but seemed to be heating up recently.
After he had finished buying the things needed for the farm, and picking up some supplies, he told Tom to wait in the wagon while he talked to some of the men about the rumors he had been hearing. He hadn’t shared with Tom what these rumors were about, and the lad new better than to ask questions about adult matters. Joe had always shared information that he felt the family needed to know, and Tom figured this must be something he didn’t need to be involved in.
As Tom sat in the wagon he noticed the Sheriff come out and sit in a chair on the porch of his office. Since the Sheriff’s office was across the street from the store Tom saw no harm in walking over to say hello to the Sheriff, and hopefully talk for a spell. The two had met from time to time when the Richards were in town and Tom was fascinated with the stories the Sheriff could tell.
He made his way across the street and stepped up on the porch where Sheriff Tatum was leaning back in his chair with his hat pulled down to block the sun out of his eyes. This was the usual way the Sheriff would be seen sitting on the porch. Tom wondered often if he ever did anything else.
“Hello Sheriff Tatum,” Tom said as he approached.
“Why, hello Tom. Haven’t seen you in a spell.”
“I guess we just missed you when we came to town the last time.”
“That’s easy to do I suppose. I stay busy most of the time.”
Tom knew that this was not exactly the truth. What the Sheriff meant by staying busy was taking naps in his office or on the porch. There was little crime to deal with in Cranston. The occasional Saturday night bar fight or a rowdy stranger from time to time was about the size of it.
“So Sheriff, what you been up to lately.”
“Not that much I guess. Had a real doozy of a fight last Saturday night over at the saloon. You know old Marcus from over at the Smith’s ranch?”
“You mean that big mean looking fellow that’s the foreman or something?”
“That’d be the one. He had a few under his belt and some cowboy decided he’d show everyone Marcus wasn’t so tough. I guess I don’t have to tell you he was dead wrong. I had to whack Marcus over the head to get him off the man. If I hadn’t I think he would have beat him to death.”
“Wow Sheriff. Was Marcus mad at you for hitting him?”
“He didn’t wake up ‘till the next morning. By then I don’t think he really knew what had happened. I had doc come over to the jail and have a look at him to make sure I hadn’t hurt him. I should have known you couldn’t do any harm to a head as hard as his. Anyway, I let him out as soon as he came to himself. The fight wasn’t his fault anyway. I wouldn’t have locked him up except I wanted to make sure he was all right before I sent him on his way. I knew his boss would be wondering what had happened to him if he didn’t show up for work. Didn’t want to get him in no trouble for something that wasn’t his fault.”
“Your job sure sounds exciting Sheriff.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t call it exciting. Sometimes I wonder why I ever wanted to be a Sheriff in the first place.”
“How long have you been doing it?”
“Eleven years come next month.”
Tom had always been infatuated with the pistol the Sheriff carried on his side. He had never actually known anyone with a revolver before, and he had never seen this one out of the holster. He wanted to ask some questions about it, but had figured that might not set well with the Sheriff. For some reason, today his curiosity was getting the best of him.
“Sheriff Tatum, there’s something I’ve been wanting to ask you for a long time, but I don’t want you to think I’m being nosey or asking out of place.”
“Go ahead and ask Tom, I don’t mind.”
“I have always been curious about your pistol. I have never seen one like it before.”
“I bought this old Colt Navy not long after I became Sheriff. I had a Walker Colt, but it was just too heavy to carry around all the time. This one is a lot lighter since it shoots a smaller caliber bullet. The Walker was a .44, and this one shoots a .36 caliber ball. The frame’s a lot smaller too.”
“I don’t know much about guns in general. I just know how to shoot that old rifle of pa’s. It’s a .40 caliber, and pa has had it for many years. He says it’s the same rifle he learned to shoot with when he was a boy. It’s heavy, but it shoots pretty good I guess.”
“It must by some of the shooting I’ve seen you do with it at the Turkey shoots.”
“I get a lot of practice out at the farm. Pa has been letting me do most of the shooting when we go hunting since I was old enough to hold the rifle. For the first year or so pa would have to hold the barrel steady for me, but it didn’t take long before I could do it myself.”
“Would you like to have a look at my pistol Tom?”
“Gosh Sheriff, would that be all right?”
“Sure Tom, just be careful, it’s loaded.”
Sheriff Tatum slid his Colt out of the holster and handed it to Tom. For a moment he felt like a kid in a candy store. He had wanted to see this piece for so long, and now he had it in his hand. He held it out and took aim at a spot on the ground. He knew better than to point a loaded gun at anyone. His pa had always taught him not to aim at anything he didn’t intend to shoot. Since the first time he had laid his hands on a rifle his pa had taught him how to safely handle it.
The pistol felt strange in Tom’s hands. This was the only time he had ever had his hands on a pistol. It was much lighter than the rifle he was accustomed to shooting. The short barrel also looked funny when he was trying to line up the sights. It was completely different from that old long rifle.
“How well does this thing shoot Sheriff?”
“Well, it’s not like shooting that old rifle of yours. It’s a lot harder to hit anything with it. You have to practice a lot to be able shoot well with a pistol.”
“I guess that makes sense, since the barrel is so short.”
“You also can’t shoot anything as far away as you can with a rifle. Pistols are mostly meant to be used close up. I can hit pretty well out to about fifty yards or maybe a little more. I guess if I practiced more I might be able to hit a little farther, but probably not much.”
Tom reluctantly handed the pistol back to the Sheriff. He could have sat there and held it all day, but he didn’t want to wear out the welcome. Maybe the Sheriff would let him hold it again sometime. In the back of his mind he also wished that someday Sheriff Tatum might offer him a chance to shoot it once. He doubted that day would come, but it didn’t hurt to wish.
“If you don’t mind my asking Sheriff, have you ever had to use that on anyone?”
“Unfortunately I have Tom. I didn’t want to, but the fellow gave me no choice. He drew down on me, and it was either me or him.”
“Wow, I can’t imagine having to shoot someone. I mean, I’ve killed my share of animals, but a person is a whole different thing.”
“I hope you never have to face that situation Tom. It leaves a sick feeling way down deep in your gut. Some folks don’t seem to have a problem with it, but I have never got over it completely. I guess I’ll just have to live with it for the rest of my life.”
“But you had no choice Sheriff.”
“Still don’t make it any easier to handle.”
“I guess not. Sometimes it bothers me to shoot animals, but we have to eat. I reckon a person just has to do what they have to do to survive.”
“That’s a fact son. As long as you live by that you’ll be all right. Just always remember to do what’s right, and you’ll make a fine man. Never take a man’s life unless you have no other choice. If you do, you’ll never forget it. The only comfort I have is knowing I had no other choice, but it still bothers me from time to time.”
“Thanks Sheriff, I hope to grow up and be a good man someday. My ma and pa have tried their best to raise me right. Ma has taught me to read and write, and a lot of other stuff she said I would need when I grew up. They have always taught me right from wrong, so I guess I’m on the right road. I would never consider taking someone’s life.”
“I know your ma and pa Tom. I have no doubt if you follow their example you will be a fine man. As far as taking a life, that is something you might have to do someday. I certainly hope not, but in this time we’re living in you never know. Just remember, only do it if it means saving your life or someone else’s.”
“Tom, come on over here and quit bothering the Sheriff,” Joe shouted as he jumped up on the wagon.”
“He’s not bothering me Joe. Matter of fact, I’ve enjoyed our little talk.”
“Come on Tom, we’ve got to get back before supper.”
“I guess I’ll see you later Sheriff. Thanks for talking to me and letting me see your pistol. I won’t forget what you told me.”
“You’re more than welcome son. Anytime you’re in town stop in and we’ll chat some more.”
“I just might take you up on that Sheriff.”
“Be glad to sit with you a spell anytime.”
“See ya Sheriff.”
“Have a good one Tom.”
“Take good care of that boy there Joe. He’s a good’n.”
“I will Sheriff, and thanks. Good seeing you.”
“You too Joe.
Tom and his pa rode silently on the way back to the farm. Tom couldn’t stop thinking about that Colt pistol he had held in his hand. He could still feel the weight of it, and see the sights lined up at his imaginary target. It was a big change from the old rifle he was used to shooting. Over and over he could see himself firing that pistol at a rabbit or a squirrel. He wondered how it sounded, or if it would kick like the rifle did. Maybe someday he would be able to buy his own and give it a try. It sure would be lighter to carry around than his pa’s old rifle. He wasn’t sure whether it would make a good hunting weapon or not, because many of the shots he made were further than fifty yards. That still didn’t keep him from wishing he had one of his own to shoot.
He knew something was weighing heavy on his pa’s mind. He had learned to notice that look Joe had when he was in deep thought about something that troubled him. Lines would appear on his forehead, and he would stare straight ahead like he wasn’t actually seeing anything. His lips were tight, and Tom could see the muscles tensing in his cheeks.
If only he could ask his pa what was bothering him, but he knew he shouldn’t. Joe Richards was a man who would always tell you what he wanted you to know. He never liked to share something that was troubling him with his son. He would always tell Tom it was grown up stuff and he shouldn’t be worried about it.
The wagon ride home took about half an hour or so. Becky was waiting on the front porch when the two arrived. She could always here the wagon coming well before they reached the house. Tom had always wondered how she knew they were coming, but she always did.
“It’s about time you two showed up. I was beginning to think I was going to have to find me another husband and son to run this place.”
“I had some extra business to take care of honey,” Joe replied.
“Anything I need to know about?”
“We’ll talk it about it at supper tonight. I really don’t think it amounts to much anyway.”
“Whatever you say Joe. I’ve got some rabbit stew on the stove. I hope you boys are hungry.”
Tom’s mouth started watering immediately. His ma could cook the best rabbit stew in the world. He had shot a couple before they left for town this morning. Nothing suited him better than fresh rabbit stew with his ma’s biscuits. The fields around their cabin were always filled with rabbits, so getting a few for dinner was never a problem.
The wagon would take a little while to unload, and then the horses would have to be feed and put away for the evening. By then supper should just about be ready. Tom worked as fast as he could. He could hardly wait to dig his teeth into that stew.
As soon as they had finished eating, Joe read a few scriptures and said a prayer as the family did every night after supper. This was one tradition that the Richards family did without fail. Tom couldn’t remember a night in his life when the Bible reading and prayer had been skipped. As he was growing older he was beginning to enjoy this time more. He could now understand a lot of what was being read. He was also learning the things he needed to know to always do the right thing. He had also discovered that always doing the right thing was not necessarily the easiest thing to do.
As soon as Joe had finished saying the prayer he sat back in his chair with a concerned look on his face. Tom and Becky went about cleaning the table and doing the dishes as they did every evening. When they had finished Joe asked them to sit down at the table.
“I guess there’s something we need to talk about as a family,” he began.
“What is it Joe?” Becky asked.
“You know we’ve been hearing rumors that the southern states were breaking away from the union. Well, apparently they weren’t just rumors. Many of the states have already broken away. Talk has it that there might be a war on the way before long.”
“What would that mean to us Joe?”
“I’m not exactly sure honey. I’m hoping it’s just a rumor. If a war does break out I don’t know how it will affect us. No one seems to know what this war would mean. The union doesn’t want the south to be separated and have their own government. There are several things behind this war talk that I don’t necessarily agree with.”
“You wouldn’t have to fight would you Joe?”
“I don’t know honey. I hope not. It all depends on just how big this thing gets I reckon.”
“War just seems like a waste to me. All that killing, and for what?”
“I know honey. I don’t take a shine to the idea either. I reckon we’ll just have to wait and see what happens.”
“Maybe things will work out and there won’t be any fighting. If there is, I don’t see any reason for you to get involved.”
“We’ll just have to wait and see what comes of it Becky. Maybe it’ll all just pass.”
“I hope you’re right Joe.”
“Anyway, it won’t do us any good to worry about it. All we can do is pray, and hope for the best.”
“You’re right Joe. I’ll certainly do my part in that.”
That night when he went to bed, Tom thought about what his pa had said. He didn’t exactly understand what war was all about, but he knew people got killed. He remembered reading in his history books about the Revolutionary War. It didn’t seem like a good thing to him. What would happen if his pa had to go and fight? Even worse, what if he didn’t come back? He felt a tear trickle down his cheek as he pondered these possibilities.

****
Chapter 5
Tom and his pa did a lot of hunting in January and February of 1861 while they were waiting on the weather to become suitable for plowing the fields. Game had been plentiful and the smoke house was full. There was plenty of jerky to be made and Joe had sold a lot of furs and pelts. If the crops did as well, this would be a fruitful year for the family.
It wouldn’t be long before it would be time to plow and plant. Joe was hoping for a large crop this year. He wanted to have his root cellar full for the winter months. It always made him feel at ease to know he had plenty of food for his family to eat. He might not be able to buy them all the things he would like for them to have, but he could at least provide a decent place for them to live, and good food to put on the table.
During the month of March the two began to clear the fields and get them ready for planting. It always seemed there had to be some preparation every year before the plow could be brought out. During the winter months debris seemed to find its way onto the farm. This was also a good month to do many of the repairs on the barn and other outside things that needed to be done before planting. The weather was beginning to warm some, or at least wasn’t freezing cold like it had been all winter.
Joe usually began plowing the fields shortly after the first of April. It took a while to get ready for planting. He liked to be ready by the end of the month or the first of May to begin putting seed in the ground. It always depended on what the weather was doing at the time. Some years, spring would come a little earlier than others. He always had his fields planted by the middle of May at the latest.
Tom still didn’t care much for the farming season. He loved the winter months when most of his time was spent in the woods hunting with either his father or his best friend Mason. He had never really had much of a childhood. Of course, he and Mason would play from time to time, but mostly they enjoyed hunting together or fishing at the creek. Occasionally the two boys would engage in some simple games, but most often they were in the woods or at the water.
Word came to Cranston in the late part of April that shots had been fired at Fort Sumter. According to what had been said the South had fired the first shots of the rumored war on April 12. Apparently the rumors were going to become reality. It was almost certain now that war was unavoidable. Surely the North would respond to this by returning fire and declaring war on the South. For all the people in Cranston knew, this had already taken place. News came slow to the small town.
Tom could see the worried look on his pa’s face at the supper table that evening. He knew his pa was in deep thought about the situation. In his young mind he had no idea what all of this would mean to his family, but he knew his parents were deeply concerned. He also knew his parents would not discuss matters with him until they knew for sure that he needed to know of the situation. They never caused Tom to worry over anything unless it was absolutely necessary.
There was no mention of the situation that evening, or for the next several days around the Richards’ farm. It wasn’t hard to see the information was weighing heavily on his ma and pa. He was wondering if his pa would have to fight. In his mind he couldn’t imagine what impact this would bring about. All he could do for the moment was hope and pray his family would not be affected.
As he lay in bed each night he tried to think of more pleasant things, like the times he had talked to Sheriff Tatum. He thought many times about the day he had held that pistol in his hands. Even though it had been a few months, he could still see and feel the way it felt as if it had been yesterday. He had made a point to stop in and say hello to the Sheriff every time he and his pa went to town. Sometimes he would get the chance to talk for a spell, and others he would only have time to say a word or two. Either way, he always enjoyed the opportunity.
There was something about that pistol that burned an image into his mind. He tried to stop thinking about it, but the harder he tried the more he remembered. Why was he so infatuated by this strange weapon? Maybe it was because it was something new to him. He had never seen a revolver before, and it captivated him.
He had also been thinking about what he wanted to do when he grew up. The decision had already been made that he didn’t want to be a farmer for the rest of his life. The hard part was figuring out what he did want to do. He had hoped that somehow he could make a living using his gun. Many times he considered becoming a professional hunter and trapper. He wasn’t sure exactly how that would come to be, or how much money he would make. That was one of his main goals, to make enough money to provide well for himself and his family, if he ever had one.
The thought of being a Sheriff had also crossed his mind many times. He still didn’t know that much about the job, but he intended to be more inquisitive as time went on. He had built a pretty good friendship with Sheriff Tatum, and knew he could ask him almost anything. He hadn’t had the courage to discuss how much money a Sheriff got paid, but he assumed it must be a good bit for the chances one would have to take.
Another problem that bothered him about being a lawman was the fact that there might come a time when he would have to shoot someone. He had been shooting game almost all of his life, but a person was a different matter. In his home he had been taught the Ten Commandments and he knew killing was wrong. He wondered if the situation arose that he would have to shoot someone if he could pull the trigger. That would be a question he would definitely have to answer before he faced the situation. If he hesitated for a moment making that decision, it would cost him his life.
Of course, that was not a decision that he would have to make today. It would still be many years before he had to decide what he wanted to become. For the moment there were more pressing issues at hand. This war thing really had him worried, and he knew his parents wouldn’t talk about it in his presence until they knew what was going to happen. He knew if it were going to affect his family he would be told when the time came.
Each night as the Richards’ family retired for the evening Tom could hear his parents talking for some time. This was not their usual pattern. Normally, he might hear a short conversation coming from their bedroom, but these had been rather lengthy. When his parents had long talks after going to bed, it usually meant there was a problem that needed to be solved. In his mind he could only assume this had something to do with the possible war. He knew his pa was concerned about the impact all of this would have on not only his farm, but those around him. If there were an all-out war it would affect the whole state. 
Tom really wished he knew and understood more about what was going on. He tried his best not to worry, but that was becoming very difficult. He couldn’t help but wonder if his pa would have to fight. He knew people died in war, and the thought of losing his pa frightened him to the core. He also knew that if his pa left to fight in the war that he would have to be the man of the house, and that would be a huge responsibility for a young man of his age. There was no doubt he was big enough and strong enough to handle the work, but he wasn’t sure he had enough knowledge to run the farm the way it should be run. Of course, his ma would be able to help, but she would also be under a great amount of stress.
For the time being all he knew to do was hope and pray things would not come to that. Maybe things would settle down and there would be nothing to worry about. From what he had heard so far though, that seemed unlikely. Maybe after the fields were planted in the next week or so, they could find out more when they went into town for supplies. By then, surely word would have arrived as to what was going on with the war talk.
Growing up on the farm had one advantage for young Tom, he was growing stronger by the day. He was large for his age, and the hard work was putting muscles on his frame. He could already handle a plow almost as well as his pa, and he didn’t have to have help carrying bales of hay anymore. Many times he and Mason would wrestle with one another, and he would always come out on top. He was confident he would be able to handle the work around the farm if needed, but that didn’t mean he wanted to have to do it alone. He loved his pa, and the thought of him going off to war brought about a fear that he had never experienced.
Not once in his life had he thought about being without either of his parents. Both had always been there for him, and he assumed it would always be that way. He knew that someday they would grow old and possibly leave him, but that was a distant thought. They were still young and healthy. Now, with the possibility of war, that could all change. 
Tom knew that worrying was not going to help the situation. His parents had always tried to teach him not to worry about things, but he couldn’t help it. He had never had to face anything like this before. After seeing the look of concern on his pa’s face he figured it must be a matter that deserved some thought. His pa was not the fretting type, unless it was something really important that would have an effect on his family or farm. This was surely one thing that could have devastating results.
If only he knew for sure what was going on, it would help, but he had no way of knowing. He could only hope that soon the answers would come, and the family could put all of this behind them. Even if he did know all the answers, he wasn’t sure he would completely understand. It was so hard to wrap his mind around something he knew so little about. The only thing he knew about war was what he had read in books, and a few stories he had heard passing around between old-timers in town. 
****
Chapter 6
The first week of May found the Richards’ family busy planting the fields. Tom and his pa worked from sunup until sundown every day until the job was finished. Becky even pitched in as much as she could to speed up the process. Working together, the fields could be sewn a lot sooner than when Joe had to do it all himself. He was glad for the help. For the first five years he had lived on the farm, all the work had fell upon his shoulders. Now he had Tom to help full time in the fields, and Becky to keep the house and help as much as possible in the fields. Tom and his pa had also worked during the winter on clearing some more land to make room for more planting. Cutting firewood helped this process along, but they still had to pull the stumps out of the ground.
As he worked the fields Tom continued to try and make sense out of the talk of war. His pa had not mentioned anything further about it, although he knew it was still on his folk’s minds. He still could still hear them talking each night when they went to bed. He figured his pa was trying to decide what he would do if the war in fact did break out. As soon as the fields were sewn he knew his pa would head into town to buy supplies. There were also a few pelts that had been drying on the wall of the barn that would need to be sold. Maybe there would be some news  that would help ease the tension around the farm.
Tom was growing tall and strong. He could almost keep up with pa when it came to work. He had grown accustomed to working hard, and for long hours. He knew the farm needed attention from sunup until sundown. This was just a part of life for the Richards family. It had been this way all his life. Tom couldn’t imagine life being any other way. It was a hard life, but simple. The only goal was survival. As long as the family had a roof over their head and food on the table, everything always worked out. Joe had always provided both, and that was really all they needed. Although, Tom could think of a few things he would like to have. One of those things being a pistol like Sheriff Tatum carried. He knew there was a difference between what a person needed and what they wanted. His parents had always taught him that. He had learned to always supply your needs first, which left very little for your wants. 
Joe and Becky believed that a person should only expect what they needed out of life. A good home and food was enough for them. Tom was a little different in his way of thinking. He enjoyed his home and his ma’s good cooking, but that didn’t keep him from wishing for better things. He figured it was normal for a young man to want more than his family had. His friend Mason was the same way. There were a lot of things that he wished he had that his family could not afford. Maybe wishing was just another part of life. However, Tom was planning on finding a way to make his wishes become a reality someday. First, he would have to figure out a way to make more money than you could make farming and selling furs.
Finally, after a lot of sweat and back breaking work, the fields were planted and the Richards could take a little break. It would be a few weeks before they would need to work them anymore. This meant Tom could do a little fishing, and maybe get his mind off of things for a while. He needed something he enjoyed to take the place of his constant worry.
Tom and his pa were sitting on the porch one evening waiting on supper to be ready when they say a rider coming. The path leading to the cabin was dusty, and they could see the clouds of dust rising around the horse’s hooves.
“Hey pa, that looks like Mr. Asher.”
“I believe it is Tom. I wonder what he wants.”
“I guess he just wants to visit.”
“Not likely. He always brings the family for a visit.”
“Hello Garrett,” Joe said as the rider approached.
“Hello Mr. Asher,” Tom added.
“Evening to you both,” Garrett Asher responded as he dismounted his horse.
“What brings you out this way on such a lovely evening Garrett?”
“Joe, I need to talk to you in private if I may.”
“Certainly. Tom, would you go in the house and help your ma with supper?”
“Sure pa.”
Garrett waited for Tom to enter the house and close the door. He stepped up on the porch and took a seat where the young man had been sitting. His brow was furrowed, and his jaw clenched as he looked at Joe for a moment. It was obvious that something was weighing heavily on his mind.
“Joe, it looks like the war is on.”
“I was afraid it would come to that. Can’t say that I am surprised at all. I have been praying it wouldn’t happen, but I guess I knew deep down that it probably would.”
“It looks like it is going to be an all-out war against the South. Word has it that Union soldiers are beginning to gather and ready themselves for an attack.”
“What does that mean for us Garrett?”
“Well, that is the reason I am here. There is supposed to be an officer from the Confederate Army in Cranston next week looking for volunteers. It seems the whole south will be involved in this fight. I just wanted to give you a heads up so you could be thinking about it.”
“Are you going to volunteer Garrett.”
“I suppose I have no choice. If they are going to attack our homes then it is our duty to defend them.”
“I guess you are right. I don’t agree with some of the reasons behind this war, but I feel the same as you when it comes to defending our homes and families.”
“From what I hear after signing up the volunteers will catch the train at Berryton to go for training.”
“How long will that be Garrett?”
“Don’t know. Some say right away, and others think it might be a while. Everyone is still pretty much guessing at this time.”
“I sure wish things hadn’t turned out like this. We’ve just got our crops in the ground. It seems unfair to leave Becky and Tom here alone to run the farm. I’m supposed to be the one providing for them.”
“I know how you feel Joe. I have the same feeling about my family. However, if we don’t join, and the war finds its way here, there might not be anything left for us to worry about. Most everyone I have talked to are planning to join. I don’t want to turn my back on my fellow southerners.”
“You’re right Garrett. I guess it is our duty to fight for our land. We may not agree with some of the reasons behind it all, but that won’t matter when the bullets start flying around here. Maybe if we fight we can end the war in a hurry and our families won’t be affected.”
“That is what everyone is hoping for. Most seem to think it won’t last over a week or two anyway.”
“That would be a blessing. I hate to think of those who will die because of it.”
“I know what you mean. I only wish men could find a peaceable way to solve their differences.”
“Maybe someday they will, but for now most depend on the gun as the ultimate problem solver.”
“That is sad to say, but so true.”
“So many lives have been lost throughout history just to solve a dispute.”
“Joe, I’m afraid it may always be that way. Maybe our kids can grow up and find a way to stop wars from happening.”
“We can only pray for that.”
“Well, I guess I better be getting back home. Emily should have supper on the table by the time I get back.”
“Thanks for coming and filling me in Garrett.”
“You’re welcome Joe. I guess I’ll be seeing you soon.”
“Yeah, see you later Garrett.”
Joe leaned back in his chair and stared out across the freshly planted fields. His worst fears were now becoming reality. He had a week to decide what he would do about joining the army. He felt as if the war was senseless, but he also felt obligated to stand with his neighbors and friends. Not only was this war going to affect the locals, but the whole state. If he didn’t join he thought it would be cowardly of him not to lend a hand. If only he could agree with all the reasons that brought about the war. As hard as he tried to understand and come to terms with them, he still couldn’t agree completely.
The more he thought, the more conflicted he felt inside. On one hand, he felt like there was no use fighting for something you didn’t completely stand behind. On the other hand, he knew the southern way of life would be impacted, and he did believe in that. He was born and raised in the south, and he was willing to give his life if needed to protect that way of life. He wanted his son to grow up and appreciate the things he had known all of his life. If he didn’t fight in this war that all might change. There would definitely be a lot of prayer, thinking, and talking to his family before he made up his mind.
Tom returned to the porch and announced that supper was on the table. Joe slowly stood and made his way into the house. His heart and mind were very heavy with worry. Not only was he concerned about going off to war, but he was worried about the affect it would have on his family. They had always depended on him to be the head of the household. He wasn’t sure how they would handle him being away for who knew how long. Then, there was the possibility that he might not come back.
“What did Mr. Asher want honey?” Becky asked as he sat at the table.
“He just needed to talk to me about something. We’ll discuss it later.”
“If you say so Joe. I hope you are hungry. I’ve got a big pot of soup ready.”
“Sounds good to me. I could eat a horse right about now.”
“I hope it taste better than a horse.”
“I’m sure it will Becky. I didn’t mean that like it sounded.
Becky laughed thinking that her husband thought she had taken offense at what he had said.
“I know what you meant Joe.”
“Well, I’ll eat pa’s share if he don’t want it,” Tom said.
“You just keep your spoon in your own dish young man,” Joe replied.
With that there was a round of laughter from each. Laughter was something the family had always been able to share. Even when times were hard they could find something to bring joy into their lives. There was always warmth inside the Richards’ home. Tom always figured it was because of the love they shared for one another. He had learned from the Bible readings that loving one another was very important. If there was one thing the family had plenty of, it was love. Tom had never doubted his parents loved him as much as he loved them. It didn’t take much figuring to see that his ma and pa also loved each other.
Tom was also concerned about what Mr. Asher had said to his pa. He knew he wouldn’t be finding out today most likely because his pa had told his ma they would discuss it later. This usually meant they would talk after they had gone to bed. He could only imagine that it had not been good news or his pa would have said something already.
After supper Joe brought out the family Bible and began to read. When he was finished they joined hands to pray. As soon as they had finished the table was cleared and the dishes washed. It was Tom’s chore to dry and put them away. Of all the chores he had to do, dishes were his least favorite. Joe sat silently in his chair while this was taking place. Every once in a while Tom would glance over, and he could see that look on his pa’s face. He knew something was going on, but he didn’t know exactly what.
“Pa, when are we going to town again?”
“Probably next week son. We’ve got enough to get by until then.”
“I was just wondering.”
“You can’t wait to talk to Sheriff Tatum again can you son?”
“That’s not it pa, I just like going to town.”
“But talking to the Sheriff is a big part of it isn’t it?”
“I guess you’re right pa. He has so many interesting stories to tell.”
“I suppose he does. I guess for you his life is a lot more exciting than ours.”
“I don’t know about that, just a lot different. I just like to listen to him talk.”
That night Tom could hear his parents talking again after they went to bed. If only he could make out the words. He could only hear voices, but he could tell his ma was upset. This meant either there was a problem between her and his pa, or it had something to do with Mr. Asher’s visit this afternoon. He was betting on the later. It was very rare for Joe and Becky to have a disagreement on anything. They were very good at compromising and working together on things. Tom could never remember hearing an argument between them. Communication was something they believed in, and had taught Tom all of his life. He knew he could talk to his parents about anything that bothered him. They always gave him sound advice, but wanted him to make the final decision. His pa told him the sooner he learned to think for himself the better off he would be.
It was going to be a long week waiting to go into town. Tom knew that his pa had put the trip off for some reason. He had said that as soon as the fields were planted they would be going for supplies. Tom felt like something that Mr. Asher had said must have changed his pa’s mind. He couldn’t help but wonder if there was a reason they would be waiting. It would be a week before he knew the answer, if he found out then. Maybe it was nothing. His mind could just be playing tricks on him because he had been worrying so much lately.
The days passed like weeks. Tom went about his normal chores, trying not to think about things, but that was impossible. It was obvious something was weighing heavily on his folks’s minds, but so far they hadn’t said a word to him about what it was. If only they would let him in on some of the information it would help. He thought about asking one of them, but he knew what the answer would be. He would be told it was a grown up thing and he shouldn’t worry about it. If they only knew how much he did worry. His family was the most important thing in his life. When he knew something was wrong it bothered him. They should realize he knew the rumors were going around about a war. Didn’t they know he was smart enough to put things together? Maybe they were trying to shield him from bad news, but he knew enough about it to worry anyway. If they would only talk to him it might help. He hated not knowing something worse than anything. He was a level headed young man and could handle things better when he knew what he was facing.
Every morning before daylight he was out milking the cow. The milk was put in bottles and placed in the creek to keep it cool. After this he would gather eggs and take them to his ma. Shortly after breakfast was usually ready. The Richards were normally finished eating and had the dishes done by the time the sun came up. After that it was time to feed the animals. In the spring and summer when this was finished it meant it was time to go to the fields. In the winter months it would be time to go hunting. There was always something to do around the farm. Tom had grown accustomed to the schedule, but still didn’t enjoy the farming part.
He loved working with the animals, especially the horses. He loved all kinds of animals, but the Richards’ horses were his favorites. He liked feeding them, brushing them, and most of all riding them. He was definitely a horse person.
Joe spent the week in deep thought. Often he would go off by himself to pray. He had many concerns on his mind about leaving his family and going to fight in a war. What would they do if something happened to him? He felt confident that Tom could take care of the farm until he returned, but there was always a chance he would never see the farm again.
He believed it was his duty to join his neighbors in the fight for the cause of the south. The only problem he had was the issue over slavery. He had never agreed with that because he didn’t feel any person had the right to own another human being. Part of that belief came from the way he grew up. His parents were sharecroppers, which made them little more than slaves. They worked for a place to live and food on the table, with very little wages. The man they worked for had always treated them kindly, and they were free to come and go as they pleased, but that was about the only thing separating them from the slaves working on the same farm.
Every morning Joe would walk in the fields and say his prayers and think. Tom would stand on the porch and watch his pa. He knew he was worried and wished he could do something to help. He had no idea what he could say or do that would ease his pa’s mind. Apparently this was something Joe was going to have to work out for himself.
The talks continued every night after the Richards retired for the evening. Tom thought he had heard his ma crying a few times, but couldn’t be sure. He knew she was a strong woman, and when she cried it meant something was terribly wrong. If this week would only pass and they could go to town maybe he would find some answers to his questions.

****
Chapter 7
On Thursday morning the Richards’ family got up and went about their normal morning routine. After finishing breakfast and putting away the dishes, Tom went out on the porch where his pa was sitting.
“Well son, I guess we better hitch up the wagon and go to town.”
“I’ll go get the horses,” Tom replied.
Finally, the day had come when they would make the trip into Cranston. This had been the longest week Tom could ever remember in his life. He was hopeful that he would be able find some answers today. If not, he didn’t know what he would do. Maybe he would get a chance to talk to the Sheriff. He knew if Sheriff Tatum knew anything about the war he would probably share it with him. It would be better if he heard it from his pa, but right now he was willing to find out any way he could.
The two rode quietly into town. It seemed the trip took three times as long as it normally did. Tom watched the horses as they ambled along, stirring up small clouds of dust with their hooves. He had made this trip many times in his life, but today was different. There was news to be had, and he intended to find out what it was. If his pa was going off to war he wanted to know about it.
As they turned onto the street that led through the middle of town Tom noticed a group of men gathered in front of the Sheriff’s office. There appeared to be a table of some sort set up, and one man in a gray uniform sitting behind it. He had never seen an army uniform before, but he couldn’t imagine what else it could be. Whatever was going on had drawn a lot of attention. The men began forming a single line in front of the table. It appeared the first man was writing something on a piece of paper. Tom could only believe he might be signing up for the army. As soon as he had the chance he would make his way over and find out what was happening.
“Tom, we have several things we need to pick up at the general store. I’ll need your help to carry it out to the wagon, so no sneaking off to see the Sheriff.”
“Yes pa, I’ll stay with you.”
It was unusual for Joe to want his son to stay with him while he bought supplies. Usually the store keeper helped load whatever he had bought. Tom got the feeling his pa was keeping him away from the Sheriff’s office for some reason.
It only took Joe a little while to buy the things he needed for the farm. This time it was mostly sugar, flour, and a few other necessities. Most of the repairs had been done and they didn’t need any hardware items this month. As Tom had expected the store keeper grabbed the bag of sugar and started to the wagon.
“No need for you to work up a sweat today, my son is going to help me load everything.”
“Are you sure Joe?”
“A little work will do the boy good. It won’t be long before I’ll be sending him to town to do the shopping anyway.”
“Guess you’ve got a good point there. He is getting big enough to handle things for himself.”
“He is at that,” Joe said.
“Seems like a good young man you’ve got there Joe.”
“We’re mighty proud of him. He’s still a little rough around the edges, but he’ll smooth out as he gets older.”
“We have all been a little rough in our time I guess.”
“That’s a fact. I reckon we all had some growing up to do at one time or another. I could probably use a little more now if I was honest.”
“Reckon I could still use a little more sometimes myself,” the store keeper said, with a big grin on his face.
“That goes for both all of us I reckon. Well, I guess we’ll be seeing you in a month or so.”
“Take care Joe. You going over to the Sheriff’s office?”
“I suppose so. It looks like just about everybody else is already gathering in.”
“Yeah, I signed my life away a little earlier.”
“Who’s going to run the store?”
“My wife knows about as much about it as I do. She keeps the books anyway. She’s a lot better with figures than I am. I told her she could hire one of the local boys if she needed someone to help carry things out.”
“Sounds like you have already given this some thought.”
“Been thinking about it since the first rumors started. I knew it would come to this sooner or later. I had to be the first one to sign up. My family has been in this part of the south as long as I can trace back. You bet I’m going to do my part in defending her.”
“I guess I’ll have to do my part too. I wish it hadn’t come to war, but I’m willing to stand by my fellow southerners.”
“Good to hear you say that Joe. I guess all the men in the area who are old enough to fight will sign up. They’ll probably have to turn away some of the older men.”
“I wouldn’t doubt that. I’ve never known a southern man who was afraid of a fight.”
“You couldn’t have said it better Joe. If those northern boys think they are going to run over us they’ve got another thought coming. We’ll spank their little behinds all the way to Canada if we have to.”
“Well, I better get going. Looks like I may have to stand in line to sign up now.”
“Pa, what’s going on?” Tom asked as his pa approached the wagon.
“There’s something I’ve got to do Tom. It won’t take too long. We’ll talk about it tonight after supper.”
“It has to do with the war doesn’t it pa?”
“Yes Tom, it does. I might as well go ahead and tell you. That man over there is taking volunteers to join the Confederate army.”
“You’re not going to sign up are you pa?” He had already gathered by what part of the conversation he had just overheard what the answerer to his question would be.
“It’s my duty to fight for our home son. If we don’t take a stand, life as we know it could change. I want you to grow up knowing all the things that I grew up knowing. We are southerners, and we should take pride in that. We have to do what we can to preserve our way of life, and right now that means going to war. I know you are too young to fully understand, but it’s something I just have to do.”
“Are you sure pa? Couldn’t you just let the other men do the fighting?”
“That wouldn’t be very fair would it son? We should never expect other people to do our fighting for us. Sometimes a man just has to make a stand.”
“But what will happen to me and ma?”
“You’ll take care of the farm until I get back. Everyone says the war won’t last very long anyway.”
“But what if you don’t come back pa?”
“Now don’t you talk like that son. With you and your ma waiting for me, of course I’ll come back home.”
“How can you know that for sure?”
“Because I have faith son. You just have to believe that the Lord will watch over me and bring me back safely.”
“I guess that will be easier said than done. I do believe, but maybe those bullets won’t.”
“Have faith son. That’s all we can do right now. Everything will work out, I promise.”
“If you say so pa.”
“I say so,” Joe said with a smile to his son. He was doing his best to be positive and not let his son know how worried he was about going off to war.
Tom sat on the wagon and watched as his pa stood in line to sign up. He whittled on a small stick to pass away the time. He didn’t know what time it was, but he figured he must have waited better than an hour before his pa returned to the wagon.
“Well, it’s all done Tom.”
“So what happens now?”
“We are supposed to meet the train at Berryton week after next to ship off for training.”
“That doesn’t leave much time does it?”
“At least we’ve got a couple of weeks before I have to leave. We need to be thankful for what we have, and not worry about the rest.”
“I guess you’re right pa. I just don’t cotton to the idea at all.”
“I’m not so crazy about it either son, but I feel it is my duty to stand with my neighbors and friends. Maybe the war will be over before I even get there.”
“We can only hope.”
Again, the two rode silently home. Tom was trying to imagine what life on the farm was going to be like without his pa. Joe was thinking about having to leave his family in two weeks. Even though the talk was the war wouldn’t last long, no one had any way of knowing that for sure. Deep down in his heart Joe didn’t want to go, but he was not a man to shuck his duty, and he felt like it was his duty to fight for his homeland.
As usual, Becky was awaiting their arrival on the front porch. Tom had asked her many times if she had a messenger set up to let her know they were coming. She had laughed heartily at his question.
“No son, I’m just a smart woman. I know these things.”
The whole family had chuckled at that. No one in the family could deny she was a smart woman. She had schooled her son, and helped Joe with his math and history. She had even helped him to read a little better, even though he didn’t need much help in that area.
“Tom, don’t say anything to your ma about today. I’m going to tell her all about it after supper.”
“O.K. pa, I won’t say a word.”
Joe had already discussed the matter with his wife since the first rumors began to pass around. Of course, she didn’t want him to go, but understood how he felt. She had grown up in the south and had her pride also. She knew her husband would fight if he felt he was needed, no matter what she said anyway.
“Don’t suppose you’ve got some rabbit stew waiting for us have you ma?”
“Not this time Tom. I fixed something special today.”
“What is it?” Tom asked.
He was a growing boy, and his stomach occupied a lot of his thoughts.
“I’ve got a ham just about ready to come out of the oven. There’s also some green beans, turnip greens, and hot biscuits.”
“Ma, it ain’t Christmas is it?”
“Tom, you know better than to use that word, and no it is not Christmas.”
“Sorry ma, sometimes I forget.”
“I guess we all do from time to time. I don’t want people to think you don’t have any education.”
“Sorry ma.”
“I’ll let it slide this time, but next time I’m cutting out your biscuits.”
That was like telling Tom he would be sent to a deserted island. He loved his ma’s biscuits. There were few meals at the Richards’ home that didn’t have biscuits, cornbread, or his ma’s homemade loaf of bread. Tom loved them all, but biscuits were his favorite.
As Tom and his pa were unloading the wagon he thought about all the food his ma made for them. He couldn’t think of anything that she made that he did not like. If he had to pick an absolute favorite, he wasn’t sure he could do that. She had to be the best cook in the world.
He had spent some time in the kitchen with her when he had the chance trying to learn a little about cooking himself. He knew someday he would be on his own, and he might have to do his own cooking. He hoped to have a wife, but he didn’t want to have to depend on that so he could eat. If he didn’t marry he wanted to be able to feed himself with the kind of cooking he had grown up on. His ma shared as many secrets as she could with him. He could already prepare many of the foods, and from time to time she would let him whip up something. His cooking wasn’t bad, but it didn’t compare to his ma’s.
After supper the family read from the Scriptures and said their prayer. Becky and Tom set about gathering the dishes and she washed while he dried and put them away. Joe remained seated at the table while they were finishing up. Concern was written all over his face. Tom knew what was weighing on his pa’s mind, and he knew he was probably going to talk to the family when they had finished the dishes.
The dishes were finished and put away for the evening. Becky wiped off the table and took off her apron.
“You two sit down, I need to talk to both of you,” Joe said.
Becky and Tom took their seats at the table.
“Becky, you know we have been talking about this war business for a while now.”
“Yes honey, I know. You know how I feel about you getting involved, but I understand how you feel about it. I know you believe it is your duty to stand with our neighbors. I told you I would support you in whatever you decided to do.”
“I have given it a lot of thought and prayer. I don’t think it is right for me to sit idly by with my family while the rest of our friends and neighbors go off to fight. There was a soldier in town today looking for volunteers. Just about everyone around was there to join. I was one of them.”
Tears began to well up in Becky’s eyes.
“Oh Joe, I was hoping you wouldn’t go.”
“I have to Becky. This is a fight for our homes and heritage. I can’t sit by and let the other men do the fighting for me. How much of a man would that make me?”
“I understand where you are coming from Joe, really I do. That still doesn’t mean I have to like it.”
“I don’t necessarily like it either. I just feel like it is my duty to serve with my fellow southerner’s. This is an attack on our way of life, and I will defend that to the death if I have to.”
“Again, I understand Joe. I still don’t like the idea though. When will you have to go?”
“We are supposed to catch a train at Berryton week after next to go for training. Garret Asher joined when I did.”
“So soon?”
“I’m afraid so honey.”
“Where will you have to go for training?”
“I don’t know, we weren’t told. I don’t know if the Sergeant knew for sure. If he did he acted like he didn’t.”
“Will you write?”
“Every day. I don’t know how often I will have a chance to send letters home, but I will send them every chance I get.”
“Joe, I want you to remember you have a family back here that loves you and needs you.”
“I could never forget that. I’ll be back soon, don’t you worry.”
“I’ll be praying every day for your safe return.”
“How could any harm come to me with a sweet wife like you praying for her man?”
“You can know for sure there will be plenty of prayers sent up for you Joe.”
“Pa, are you sure you have to go?” Tom asked.
“I’m afraid so son. It’s time for you to step up and be a man. I have no doubt you can run this farm until I get back.”
“I don’t know about that pa.”
“Sure you can son. You can almost do anything I can do. You can handle a plow as well as I can, and you might be a better hunter. You’ll do fine until I get back. I have to catch the train Friday week at six a.m. Tom, you and I will swing by and pick up Garrett and Mason on the way. We will leave Thursday morning and camp just outside Berryton. You boys can drop us off and then bring the wagon back home.”
“If that’s the way you want it pa.”
“That’s the only way. I can’t afford to take the horses or the wagon. You will have to go along to bring them back home. You and your ma will need the horses and the wagon while I am gone.”
“Yes sir.”
“How long do you think you will be gone Joe?” Becky asked.
“Everyone seems to think the war won’t last very long, but I can’t say for sure. Maybe the war will be over before I even get there.”
“That would be a prayer answered,” she responded.
“Either way, it’s something that has to be done. I guess there will be a shortage of men on all the farms around here. I am lucky to have a big strong son like Tom to handle the work while I am gone. Some of the men around here don’t have sons, and some don’t have kids at all.”
“This war is going to make it hard for everyone,” Becky said.
“It sure will. I look forward to a day when there will be no more wars. I doubt we will live long enough to see it though.”
“Someday the wars will end, but I don’t think man will have anything to do with it.”
“You’re probably right about that honey. We’ve read the book though, and we know how this thing will end up for us someday.”
“You just don’t get in any hurry to make that happen.”
“Don’t you worry Becky. I’ve got a good woman, and a great son that I intend to see grow into a man. I’m not planning on missing out on anything.”
“I’m going to hold you to that promise Joe.”
“You do that. Tom, while I’m gone you take good care of your ma.”
“I’ll do the best I can pa. You just hurry up and get back here.”
“Believe me, I’ll come back as soon as I can.”
With that the family moved into the living room to sit for a while as they did every night before turning in. Tom figured he would hear more talking after his parents went to bed. At least now he would know what they were talking about.
That night Tom’s thoughts prevented him from falling asleep. He couldn’t imagine what the war would be like, or what it would be like having to run the farm without his pa. He wasn’t sure he would be able to do things like they should be done. All he could do was try his best, he had no other choice now. His pillow was getting damp as tears dribbled down his cheeks. He had never in his life faced something that caused him so much fear. There were so many things that concerned him right now. He felt like he would have to go from a boy to a man overnight. That was no small order. He knew he wouldn’t be the only one facing this situation. He was pretty sure his friend Mason was having the same thoughts. If he only knew if he was capable of handling the responsibility. It appeared he would have to find out, like it or not.

****
Chapter 8
Tom was hoping the next two weeks would pass slowly. He wanted to spend as much time with his pa as he could, and also ask as many questions as he could think of about what he needed to do around the farm. Unfortunately, it seemed time was running twice as fast as it normally did. There were so many things he felt like he needed to know, but couldn’t think of all the things he knew he needed to ask. His mind was too absorbed with the thoughts of his pa going off to war. He had worried about the possibility for some time, but now it was a reality. He knew for sure his pa was not only going, but he also knew when.
Joe had been extremely busy trying to get everything caught up around the farm so his son wouldn’t have to worry about it for a while. Each evening the two of them would sit on the porch just before supper and talk for a spell.
“Pa, I know there has to be a thousand questions I should be asking, but I can’t think of any right at the moment.”
“I know you don’t think you are ready to handle the farm Tom, but trust me, you’ll do fine. You know how to work the fields and take care of the animals. You are handy with your hands, so the repairs should be easy for you to do. All you need to do is believe in yourself. You are much smarter about these things than you realize.”
“I hope you are right pa. I just don’t want to make a mess of all you have worked so hard to build.”
“Stop worrying so much. You’ll do fine. The crops will grow on their own, all you have to do is work the weeds and gather when the time comes. As far as the animals go, you are better with them than I am. You can also repair and build things, so that doesn’t leave anything here that you can’t handle.”
“I just never thought I would have to do it by myself.”
“I know son, I didn’t think so either. I wish you didn’t have to do it now, but maybe it won’t be for long. Anyway, it won’t be long before you are a man. I think you are almost a man already. You are much more mature than a lot of young men your age. Think about the families who don’t have a strong young man to depend on during this war. A lot of people around here have daughters, or very young children. I know of several couples who have no children at all. I feel blessed to have a strong young son to stand in my place while I am away. I’m not worried about your abilities in the least.”
“I hope I don’t let you down pa.”
“You could never let me down son. As long as you do your best, and take care of your ma, that is all I can ask.”
“You can count on that pa. I’ll do the best I can.”
“I know you will son.”
Even after their talk Tom didn’t feel much relief. Deep down he knew he could handle the farm well enough. It bothered him much more thinking about his pa going off to war. The thought of his pa being killed was more than he could handle. Why did this stupid war have to break out anyway? Maybe when he was older he could understand, but not at this moment. His mind was having a field day worrying about all the things that could happen. He knew this would do no good, but it was very hard not to worry at all. His pa had always been there for him all of his life. He depended on his parents a lot more than they knew. His family was the most important thing in his life.
Time continued to pass by too quickly. It was only another week before he would be seeing his pa getting on the train and leaving. He couldn’t help but think that could be the last time he would ever see his pa. Tears trickled down his cheeks every time he thought about it. He managed to avoid his parent’s eyes when his emotions got the best of him. His pa always said a man had to be strong in this hard world. He had never seen his pa cry about anything, and thought it was wrong for a man to show this type of emotion. Little did he know, his pa had shed more than a few tears facing this situation. He didn’t want to leave his family. He also knew there was a chance he could be killed or wounded. Where would that leave Becky and Tom? What would they do if he didn’t return? He had to stop thinking like that. He had to have faith that his Lord would watch over him and bring him back safely to the farm.
Each night after supper the family would sit around the table and talk for a while. This was something they usually only did if something needed discussing. Now they were just enjoying every moment they could spend with Joe. It was unknown how long he might be gone, or if he would even come back. Becky and Tom didn’t want to leave anything unsaid before he left. Joe also enjoyed the extra time with his family. He wished they had made this a habit many years ago. He never realized just how much he enjoyed talking with his wife and son. Then again, he had never faced a situation where he would have to leave them before.
The time was quickly counting down. With less than a week left, Tom was watching and listening to his father’s every move and word. Most of the stuff he already knew, but he wanted to make sure it was all fresh in his memory. Often he thought of his friend Mason, who was facing the same situation. At least he didn’t have a grist mill to worry about like his friend. He knew Mason had been helping at the mill since he was very young, so he was sure his buddy could handle it until his pa returned. He was just glad he didn’t have that extra responsibility to worry about. The Asher’s made most of their living from the mill.
It was going to be hard on all the families involved. Tom knew that people from both the north and south would be watching their men go off to war. Right now he couldn’t help but dislike the north for letting this war come about. It wasn’t in his heart to hate, but he was coming pretty close. He also knew the south had their part in causing this to happen. He wasn’t sure who to blame, all he knew is that he wished it hadn’t come to this end. For the time being his wishes didn’t seem to make much difference. The only thing he could count on now was his prayers.
There was only one good thing Tom could think of that would come of this situation. It would be up to him to make the trips into town for supplies. Without his pa he would have more time to talk to the Sheriff. He would trade that for having his pa stay home gladly, but since that was not going to happen he was trying to make the best of a bad situation. He figured it would be best to try and think some positive thoughts. His mind was growing weary with all the worrying. Tom also knew once his pa left this would only intensify. He would certainly miss his pa sitting at the supper table every night. He supposed some of the Bible readings would fall upon his shoulders now. His ma might even let him lead some of the nightly prayers. He knew there would be a lot of praying going on around the Richards’ farm, and probably all over the north and south. Maybe this war would help turn people to the Lord. Tom knew a lot of people didn’t believe, and he really wished that would change. In his family the Lord was the most important thing in the Richards’ life. Each member depended on him for guidance and strength.
Each evening when they had finished working in the fields Tom and his pa sat on the porch and talked man to man while they waited on Becky to finish supper. Tom would usually go in and help set the table.
Joe enjoyed this time alone with his son. He was proud of the young man. His memory took him back to the time Tom was born, and how he had wondered if he would be a good father. His son was turning out better than he could have expected. Apparently, he and his wife had done something right. He was totally confident that Tom would be a fine man.
Tom couldn’t believe how fast time was passing by. When he was waiting to go to town and find out the news it seemed like time took forever to pass. Now the days were going by like minutes. It was almost time for his pa to leave for Berryton. He knew he would wave goodbye as his pa boarded the train. Would this be the last time he would see his pa? Would his pa come home missing one of his arms or legs, or worse? Would his pa make it back without any problems? If only he had the answers to any of these questions. The closer the time came, the more questions Tom seemed to have. He supposed there were plenty of other people asking the same questions about their loved ones.
Wednesday night rolled around and the Richards’ family had a special supper. Becky had baked a ham with green beans, mashed potatoes, and corn on the cob. She had also made Tom’s favorite biscuits. He ate like he hadn’t eaten in a year. He knew this would be his last supper with his entire family for a while, so he was making the best of enjoying it as best he could. Although his mind was worried, his stomach didn’t seem to notice.
After the meal, as always the family read and had prayer. Joe prayed for his safety, and the well-being of his family while he was away. He knew it was going to be extremely hard on them. It would be hard on everyone.
When they had finished the family sat around the table and talked for a while before retiring to the living room. For some reason they preferred to be at the table when having a family conversation. The living room was more for unwinding and getting ready for bed.
“Well son, we leave in the morning.”
“I know pa. I really wish you didn’t have to go.”
“Me too son, but that is the way it has to be. You just don’t worry yourself, I’ll be coming back before you know it.”
“I sure hope so pa.”
“You can count on it son.”
“Joe, we are sure going to miss you around here.”
“I know honey, I’ll miss being here. I’ll write a little each day, and when I get a chance I’ll send you a letter.”
“You had better let us hear from you. At least we’ll know you are O.K.”
“I’ll keep you as up to date as I can. I don’t know how the army will handle the mail, but I will send a letter as often as I can. I’ll also let you know how to send a letter to me as soon as I find out.”
“I would appreciate that Joe. If we don’t hear from you regularly you know what we will think.”
“Now don’t get ahead of yourself. Like I said, I don’t have any idea how the army will handle the mail. I don’t know how often I will get to send a letter home, but I will send one as often as possible.”
“O.K. Joe. I’ll do my best to be patient, but you know I’m not very good at that.”
“I know Becky.”
“How long do you think it will take us to get to Berryton pa?”
“By horse it would only take a few hours. It will take a lot longer with the wagon. I figured we would head out shortly after breakfast in the morning. By the time we pick up Garrett and Mason we should be on our way by eight or nine at the latest. I figure we will be there in plenty of time to set up camp before nightfall.”
“This is one trip I’m not looking forward to making.”
“I know son, but just think, maybe it won’t be long before you can come and pick me up again.”
“We can only hope pa.”
“You better get on up to bed. Tomorrow will be a long day.”
“Goodnight pa. Night ma.”
“Night son,” Joe and Becky said in unison.
Tom tossed and turned for a while before he could get to sleep. He had never been to Berryton before, so he would have to watch on the way so he would know the way back home. He was also dreading watching his pa get on that train and pull away. He felt like the world as he had always known it was falling apart. Maybe things wouldn’t be as bad as he thought, but he doubted that.
The morning chores were done and breakfast was sitting on the table when Tom made his way back into the house. He could smell bacon and biscuits the moment he entered the door.
“Hey Tom, I made some extra biscuits for you two to take on the trip. I figured you might want a taste of home cooking along the way.”
“Thanks ma, you know I never turn down your biscuits.”
“That’s what I thought. Your pa has provisions for breakfast for everyone Friday morning also. I figured you could take the leftover ham to eat on today and tonight.”
“You think of everything ma.”
“Just want to make sure nobody gets hungry along the way.”
“Sounds like there’s no danger of that.”
“I have packed some things for you and Mason to eat on the way back also.”
The family sat quietly and ate their breakfast. This morning it was eggs, bacon, and hot biscuits with a bowl of gravy. Tom’s favorite breakfast meal. He could usually put away three, if not four eggs without any problem. He was a growing boy with the appetite to match. It was no wonder he was big for his age. His ma knew how to feed a growing young man.
“Well son, I guess we better get the wagon loaded and ready to go,” Joe said after breakfast was finished and the dishes done.
“O.K. pa, I’ll get started loading it now.”
“I’ll give you a hand. We need to make sure we don’t forget anything. Pack the rifle too, I don’t want you and Mason to be on the way back without it. You never know what you might run across.”
“I hope we don’t need it pa.”
“Me too son, but just in case.”
“What about ma, she’ll be here without a rifle.”
“She wouldn’t use it anyway. You know how she feels about shooting anything. Besides, I think she’ll be all right for the night.”
After the wagon was loaded Joe hugged and kissed his wife. Tears flowed down her cheeks, even though she tried to hold them back. Her heart was breaking and she couldn’t hide that fact. She had the same worries as her son, but hadn’t said anything about them. When she was worried about something she usually kept it to herself until she could figure something out.
The two got up on the wagon and headed for the Asher’s farm. Garrett and Mason were waiting on the porch when they arrived. Their bags were packed and waiting to be loaded onto the wagon. Garrett said goodbye to his wife and climbed aboard, along with his son. The boys sat in the back, giving the men the bench seat.
As they ambled along Tom and Mason tried to come up with some kind of conversation. Tom could see his friend’s concerns in his eyes. Words were difficult to come by for both of them. The harder they tried to talk about something else, the more they talked about their fathers and the war. Neither wanted to see their father go, and that was a fact they could not hide from one another. All of their lives they had been more like brothers than friends. One could almost tell what the other was thinking. It seemed a lot of times they didn’t even have to speak to know what the conversation was about.
There was no rush to get to Berryton. By going a day early they had plenty of time to get there without rushing. They probably could have made it in five or six hours, but Joe didn’t push the horses to go any faster than a steady walk. He and Garrett weren’t in any hurry to get there. The sooner they arrived, the sooner the reality of leaving for war would be staring them in the face.
The town of Berryton came into view about an hour or so before sundown.
“This looks like a good spot to make camp,” Joe said.
“Yeah, it shouldn’t take another fifteen minutes or so to get into town,” Garrett added.
All four hopped off the wagon and began setting up camp. Tom and Mason set about gathering some wood and preparing a fire. The first thing Joe would want was some coffee making. The men set out some blankets around the wagon for them to sleep under.
“Pa, what if it starts raining?” Tom asked.
“It doesn’t look like it will, but if it does we’ll just get under the wagon.”
Within just a short time camp had been set up, a fire built, and a pot of coffee heating. Joe got the food from the wagon and brought it over by the fire.
“Anybody hungry?” he asked.
“Starved. It’s been a long time since breakfast. Those few pieces of jerky I ate didn’t do much for filling me up,” Garrett said.
“I know there’s no use asking you boys,” Joe said with a grin.
“You know the answer to that pa.”
“That’s what I figured.”
Each grabbed a plate and a piece of ham. Becky had also sent some of the mashed potatoes and a few green beans that had been left over. Then of course there were the biscuits. Tom grabbed three of those.
Joe had brought a set of tin plates that he had from years gone by. After filling their plates with food, they could hold them close to the fire and heat up the food a little. Tom was so hungry he considered eating his cold, but decided to warm it just a tad.
After eating and putting everything away the four sat around the campfire for some time talking about this and that. Everyone was trying to keep the conversation away from the war, but it still made its way in from time to time. This was the first time Tom or Mason had camped away from home. A few times they had camped close to the house on the Richards’ farm, but this was much different. This was real camping. Tom and Mason imagined their fathers would be doing a lot of this while away.
Tom figured it was around nine p.m. when they decided to turn in for the night. He had no timepiece, but had learned to estimate the time by the position of the moon. He could usually come with an hour or less most of the time. This was a skill his pa had taught him through the years. He could also guess how many hours before sundown by the position of the sun. His pa had thought these would be skills he would need not only on the farm, but when he was hunting. In those days just about everyone knew how to guess at the time of day or night by one means or the other.
Everyone seemed to be having some trouble getting to sleep that night. Tom could hear rustling all around him. He figured everyone’s mind was thinking of tomorrow, the same as he was. It was now only a matter of hours before his pa and Mr. Asher would be boarding that train and heading off to who knew where.

****
Chapter 9
The next thing Tom knew his pa was shaking him to wake him up.
“Come on boy, rise and shine. I’ve got some eggs and bacon waiting for you.”
The smell of bacon instantly hit Tom’s nose, and that was as good as a bucket of cold water to bring him up. He was sitting by the fire with a plate of eggs and bacon in his hand in no time. They also had a couple of his ma’s biscuits to go along with it. All they had to drink was coffee, but Tom didn’t really mind. He didn’t drink a lot of coffee, but he liked it well enough. It was difficult to grow up on a farm without developing a taste for the brew. It was either coffee, water, or milk. On rare occasions the Richards’ would have some tea, but not that often.
The four ate until their stomachs were full. The sun had yet to come up over the horizon, so the only light was from the fire and what little moon was still showing. Garrett looked at his pocket watch and told everyone it was almost five a.m. He was one of the only people Tom knew that had a pocket watch.
“By the time we get these dishes cleaned up and the wagon loaded it will time to move out,” he said.
“Ready or not huh?” Joe responded.
“Unfortunately,” Garrett answered.
Tom and Mason went about cleaning up the camp site. The blankets were neatly rolled and loaded onto the wagon. The dishes were wiped off and put away. The last of the coffee was poured into cups, and the pot placed in the wagon. The final job would be to put out the campfire. The men wanted to be on their way into town by five-thirty at the latest. They didn’t want to be late for the train.
Everyone wanted to talk as much as possible, but words were hard to come by. Each was thinking about the day ahead of them. There were so many things to say, yet the words just would not come. The time had finally arrived, and it would only be a matter of minutes before the men were on their way off to war. Worry and concern could be seen on each face. No one had any way of knowing how this would change their lives, possibly forever. For many it would end their lives, and their families would be devastated. Tom and Mason could only hope and pray their fathers would not be in that number.
“Well boys, load up and let’s get going,” Joe said.
With that the two boys climbed up in the back of the wagon. Garrett Asher took his seat beside Joe.
“Tom, do you think you can find your way back home all right.”
“Sure pa, I watched the trail on the way. It’s pretty much a straight shot.”
“I am pretty sure I can find the way too,” Mason added.
“Good. You should be home well before dark. Don’t push the horses to hard.”
“I won’t pa. I know ma will be looking forward to seeing us though. I’ll make sure we make it well before sundown.”
“Just be careful son.”
“I will pa.”
The ride into town took around ten minutes or so. They were actually a little closer than they had thought. They were about fifteen minutes early for the train, if it arrived on time. Trains were usually running a little late, but since this was an army train they figured it would be pretty close.
Sure enough, at six a.m. the train began pulling into the station. Tom could see inside some of the cars. There were a lot of men in uniforms sitting in some of the cars, and men in regular clothes sitting in others. He figured the army was making a sweep of the south picking up volunteers and soldiers to take them where the fighting was happening.
Joe hugged his son, which was something he did from time to time.
“You take care of yourself and your ma now.”
“You can count on that pa. You just take care of yourself. And hurry back.”
“I’ll be back as soon as I can, you can count on that.”
Mason and Garrett said their goodbyes a few feet away. Tom didn’t know what the two had said, but he did see Mason wiping his eyes with his shirt sleeve. He could feel tears in his eyes also. He knew the two of them would dry their eyes before they let the other see them crying. That was something young men their age only did in private.
The conductor gave the order for everyone to board the train. Joe and Garrett again hugged their sons and told them goodbye. Each boy couldn’t help wonder if this would be a final goodbye, or if it was only for a short while.
Joe and Garrett grabbed their bags and boarded the train. They took a seat by the window where they could wave to Tom and Mason as the train pulled away from the station. It was hard for the two young men to choke back the tears, but somehow they managed. They stood on the platform until the train was well out of sight before heading back to their wagon.
“Well, so much for that,” Mason said.
“Yeah, nothing we can do now except hope and pray.”
“We’ll do plenty of that for sure.”
The two young men climbed aboard the wagon and turned it toward home. They looked to be there by late afternoon at the latest, if nothing happened. The trip back seemed a lot longer than it had been going to Berryton. Each of their minds was racing with thoughts of all the things that were going to change for them. They would now have to take on the work load of two, along with worrying about their fathers. It would also be up to them to protect their farms and homes.
“I don’t reckon we’ll have much time to hang out together for a while,” Mason said.
“Probably not,” Tom responded. “It won’t be long until the crops start coming in. That will keep me busy for some time. Then I’ll have to get the farm ready for the winter.”
“Yeah, harvest time is when our grist mill sees the most business. Everybody wants their corn ground into meal for the winter.”
“Maybe we can do some hunting together during the winter months,” Tom said.
“That sounds like a good idea. We are usually caught up at the mill by the first of November or shortly after. I would enjoy coming over and doing some hunting. My ma likes fresh meat on the table too.”
“We’ll make a point of it then.”
Through most of the ride home they just quietly sat and stared straight ahead. Occasionally one of them would think of something to say, but not that often. Their minds were too overwhelmed with other things to think of small talk. Usually they could rattle on and on about nothing, but now things were different. In a matter of minutes they had to transform from young men to men. They would have to take the place of their fathers on the farms, and that was a tall order for both of them.
Tom dropped Mason off at his house, where his ma was sitting on the front porch waiting. As he drove away he could hear the Asher’s weeping. He looked back and saw that Mrs. Asher had embraced her son. He could only imagine that the same would happen when he arrived home in just a few minutes.
As always, Becky was on the porch when Tom came into view. As he passed the house toward the barn he could see she had been crying. He put away the wagon and fed the horses. He grabbed the bags from the back of the wagon and headed for the house. His ma hugged him and sobbed against his shoulder. He knew her heart was breaking. She had not been away from her husband since their marriage for more than a day. For that matter, neither had he. Both were dreading the days that were to come. It was definitely not going to be easy for anyone.
Supper that evening just didn’t seem the same. For some reason the food just tasted different. Tom figured it was because his mind was in such turmoil. After eating, he read a few Scriptures and led a prayer, mostly for the safety of his pa, and for strength for himself and his ma. He knew they were going to need plenty of it while his pa was away.
Bedtime took on a whole new meaning that evening. Tom had never gone to bed without his pa in the house before. This would take a while for him and his ma to grow accustomed to doing. He could only imagine it was much worse for her than for him. He was pretty sure he could hear her softly sobbing as she turned in for the night.
The next few weeks would definitely be an adjustment period for the both of them. Becky would have to pitch in and help with more of the outdoor work. Tom was used to his pa doing certain things every day, and now he would have to take those chores upon himself. He would have twice as much to do know, and he would surely need a little help from his ma. He planned to do as much of the heavy work as he could, but she would have to help pick up some of the lighter chores. She would probably do some of the feeding and things like that. Tom imagined that farms all over the area would be doing the same type of adjusting. He again thought about poor Mason having to not only run a farm, but a grist mill to boot. His hands would certainly be full for a while.
Sleep avoided Tom for most of the night. He took naps, but would wake up abruptly. Dreams came one right after the other. A million thoughts were running through his young mind. He was worried about taking care of the farm without his pa to help. He still wasn’t sure he was up to the task, but what other choice did he have? It was time to either sink or swim. There was only him and his ma to take care of things for the time being. If he couldn’t handle it the farm would fall apart, and he knew his pa was counting on him.
Over the next few weeks Tom and Becky tried to work out a schedule that would allow them to get all the things done that needed taken care of on the farm. He was still milking the cow and gathering the eggs before breakfast. After eating Becky would take care of feeding the other animals while Tom went to the fields. She tried to help him out in the fields as much as she could, while still taking care of the house and cooking meals. He would be glad when the crops had been gathered and he could focus more on hunting again. This would take a lot of work off of him, and for that he would be glad. He was hoping the farm would yield a good crop for them this year. Tom could only hope his pa would be home before time to plant again. He was pretty good at working the fields and gathering the crops, but he wasn’t as confident about doing the plowing and planting. He had been out there with his pa for several years, but he still felt like there was a lot he didn’t know about farming. His pa had been a farmer all of his life. 
Joe had been gone just over a month when Tom’s birthday rolled around. This was a day he normally looked forward to because his parents always made a big deal out of it. His pa would let him skip his afternoon chores and go fishing. He usually caught enough for the family to have for supper. His ma always made a cake, and his parents would sing happy birthday to him while he blew out the candles. For the first time in his life, his pa wouldn’t be there for his birthday. He wasn’t looking forward to his special day this year.
He got up and went out to milk the cow and gather the eggs as he did every morning. Becky had breakfast on the table when he came in the house. His favorites, bacon, eggs, and hot biscuits. He found it hard to enjoy his breakfast as he always did. With his pa gone, nothing seemed the same. There was an empty spot in the house that just couldn’t be filled. As he ate he thought about what life would be like if his pa didn’t return from the war. He tried to think on more positive terms, but it was really hard to do.
After eating, he and his ma cleaned up the kitchen and finished the dishes. Tom was about to go out and begin working in the fields when his ma turned to him.
“Tom, I want you to hitch up the wagon. We are going into town today.”
“Are we out of something?”
“Well, we are running a little low on a few things, but mainly I wanted to do something special for your birthday. I thought you might like to talk to the Sheriff for a little while. I know how much you enjoy that. I thought you might also want to go over to the gunsmith’s shop and have a look around. You always talk about doing that. You’ve been working hard lately, and I thought a little break might do you some good.”
Tom did enjoy talking to Sheriff Tatum. He had also visited the gunsmith’s shop many times when he had the chance. He knew he couldn’t afford to buy anything, but he enjoyed day dreaming that someday he would be able to buy what he wanted. The gunsmith didn’t seem to mind having him stop in and look over the firearms he had on display. The two of them had become somewhat friends over the few years that Tom had been stopping by. The man had also done some work on the Richards’ rifle when it needed a tune up. He was an excellent gunsmith in Tom’s eyes.
It didn’t take Tom too long to hitch up the horses to the wagon and get ready to go. He pulled it around to the front of the house and called for his ma. The two of them chatted about this and that as they rode along.
“I’ve got some shopping I want to do when we get to town Tom, so you take your time. If I get finished before you, I’ll just wait at the wagon. Today is your day, so don’t feel like you have to rush.”
“Thanks ma, I really like talking to Sheriff Tatum. He has a lot of interesting stories to tell. Sometimes I wonder just how many of them are true.”
“Who knows Tom. I would imagine he has seen a lot in his day.”
“Probably so, but some of the stories seem a little far-fetched.”
“As long as you enjoy listening I guess it really doesn’t matter. I suppose he likes to add a little here and there to make them a little more interesting.”
“I reckon he might at that.”
Tom headed straight for the Sheriff’s office when he secured the wagon and horses. Luckily, Sheriff Tatum was kicked back in his chair on the porch with his hat pulled down over his eyes.
“How’s it going Sheriff?”
“Well, hello there Tom,” he said as he pushed his hat up on his head.
“You keeping the town straight?”
“As best I can I reckon. How’s the farm treating you?”
“Not so bad. I sure miss my pa though.”
“I know you do son. It sure seems strange around town now. I’m used to men and their sons being all over the place, along with husbands and wives. Now about all I see are women, or men that were too old to fight. It’s been a big adjustment for all of us.”

“I reckon about every farm in the area lost someone to the war.”
“Most of ‘em I reckon. The army was taking everyone from eighteen to sixty I think. I heard some boys no more than sixteen got in. I don’t suppose the army was being too particular. They just wanted to get as many men as they could in such a short amount of time.”
“Have you heard anything about the fighting Sheriff?”
“I’ve heard there’s been some fighting going on around, but not much of the details.”
“Can I ask you a personal question Sheriff?”
“Of course Tom, what is it?”
“How come you didn’t join up?”
“Somebody has to stick around and watch after the town. With our men folk gone it would be easy pickings for dishonest folks to take advantage.”
“I see what you mean. I hadn’t thought of that. I guess I just figured all the men had joined.”
“There’s always some who want stand for what they believe in. Those that don’t abide by the law don’t care much for serving anything but themselves. That is the kind that would take advantage of towns left unmanned. I feel bad about not being able to go, but a town without law gets into trouble quick.”
“Do you worry about something happening here?”
“I try not to worry too much son. Worrying just makes you old before your time. In my line of work worrying can get you in trouble.”
“I’ve tried not to worry, but it really hard not to sometimes.”
“It is hard Tom. You just have to realize that some things you have no control over. What’s to be will be, and it doesn’t do any good to worry about it.”
“I know, but it still doesn’t help much.”
“Well, I reckon we all do a little unnecessary worrying from time to time.”
“I’m glad you were here today Sheriff.”
“I’m always around somewhere son. By the way, what are you doing in town today? You and your pa usually come on Saturday.”
“Today is my birthday. My ma thought it would be nice to bring me to town so I could talk to you and go over to the gunsmith’s shop.”
“Well, happy birthday. How old are you getting to be now?”
“Thirteen today.”
“You’ll be a man before you know it.”
“I’m beginning to feel like one now. Seems like I was promoted to manhood overnight.”
“I reckon it would feel that way, considering. You just hang in there Tom. I know your pa will be proud of the way you have handled the farm when he gets back.”
“I hope so. I’m doing my best, but I’m not so sure that is enough.”
“That’s all a fellow can ask Tom. You’ll learn as you get older that doing your best is all you can do. We all make mistakes along the way. The way we learn is by gaining experience from those mistakes. Shoot, if it weren’t for mistakes I doubt we would ever become the men we become.”
“I reckon you’re right. I know I have made my share.”
“We all have son. There is not a man alive who hasn’t made mistakes and bad decisions. As long as you learn from them and try to do better you’ll do all right.”
“I hope so Sheriff. I just don’t want to let my family down.”
“I don’t think you could ever do that Tom. You ma and pa are very proud of you. As long as you do your best and stay out of trouble I don’t see a problem.”
“Well Sheriff, I’ve taken up enough of your time. I better get going. I want to look around at the gunsmith’s while I’m waiting on my ma to finish shopping.”
“It’s good seeing you Tom.”
“You too Sheriff. I’ll see you in a few weeks.”
“Take care Tom.”
“You too Sheriff.”
Tom made his way down the street to the gunsmith’s shop. He said a few words to the gunsmith and then began looking at the displays. Tom loved everything about the shop, the smell of gun oil, leather, and a faint smell of powder was always in the air. Each time he visited there was new inventory to look at. There was always a good supply of rifles, and usually some pistols and a few revolvers. This particular visit their happened to be a Colt Navy revolver displayed. Tom stood and stared at it for some time.
“See something you like there Tom?”
“Yes sir, I like that Colt Navy.”
“How’d you know what that was?”
“That’s what Sheriff Tatum carries. He let me hold it one time.”
“Do you want to hold that one?”
“Would that be all right?”
“Of course, go ahead and pick it up, it’s not loaded.”
Again, that feeling of infatuation flooded Tom’s being. This was the second time he had held a Colt revolver in his hand. He didn’t know why revolvers amazed him like they did, but something about it just felt right in his hands. In his mind he could picture himself hunting with this revolver. Maybe someday he could afford to buy one of his own. Until then, he would just have to settle for dreaming.
“You ever shot a revolver Tom?”
“No sir, all I’ve ever shot is that old Kentucky rifle of my pa’s.”
“And you shoot it very well. Everyone around knows you’re a dead shot with thing.”
“I’ve been shooting for a long time. My pa started teaching me as soon as I could hold the thing.”
“Must be hard for a young man to handle such a rifle.”
“It was at first. My pa had to help me steady the barrel, but I soon grew into it. It’s still a little heavy, but I reckon I am strong enough to handle it now.”
“You are a stout looking young man. All that farm work’s putting muscles on you for sure.”
“That’s about the only good thing about farming.”
“I take it you don’t care much for the farming life?”
“Not particularly. It’s not something I want to do all my life.”
“What do you want to do Tom?”
“I don’t really know, I just know it isn’t farming.”
“Have you talked to your pa about it?”
“No, he wants me to take over the farm someday, and I don’t want to let him down. He’s just always assumed that would be my lot in life. I’m afraid it would break his heart if I told him otherwise.”
“You can’t live a life you don’t want to live though Tom.”
“I reckon I’ll have to tell him someday. I’ll just have to wait for the right time.”
“I understand.”
“Well, I’ve bothered you long enough. I reckon I better get going. My ma is probably waiting for me.”
“Good seeing you Tom.”
“You too.”
As Tom made his way up the street he could see that his ma was waiting beside the wagon.
“You been waiting long ma?”
“No, I just got here myself. You finished with all your business?”
“Yes ma’am. I’m ready if you are.”
“Hey Tom, there’s a letter from your pa. I thought we would wait and read it when we got home.”
The general store in Cranston also served as a makeshift post office. It was a place where everyone in the area could send and receive mail, as there was no house to house delivery.
Both chatted about what the letter would have to say on the way home. Becky was glad to finally hear from her husband. Tom also knew if his pa had sent a letter that meant he was alive. They could hardly wait to get home and open it up. Tom was actually surprised that his ma hadn’t opened it as soon as she received it. He could only guess she wanted them to have privacy when they read what Joe had to say. He also knew that his ma would probably shed a few tears, and she wouldn’t want to do that where anyone could see. She tried to be strong, at least on the outside. He knew that his ma had a huge heart, and things bothered her much more that she let on.
Tom unloaded and put away the wagon and fed the horses as soon as they got home. His ma had sat down on the porch holding the letter from Joe. Tom joined her as she began opening the letter.

****
Chapter 10
Dear Becky and Tom
I just wanted to write and let you all know that I am doing fine. I hope everything is going well on the farm. I really miss being with my family. I sure hope this here war don’t last too long. I’m plenty homesick already.
The train took us almost to the Tennessee line where we met up with hundreds of other men. We set up camp in a patch of woods with a large open field beyond the campsite. I have been issued a uniform, rifle, and a very scant supply of necessary survival items. Each of us received one blanket, a tin plate and cup, a knife, fork, and spoon, a haversack, canteen, cap box, cartridge box, belt, bayonet, and scabbard. We were lucky, we also got a piece of oilcloth to protect against the rain. Our regiment was one of the first to receive this luxury. We were told that a shipment had been captured from the northern boys not far from where we are camped.
Now I’ll tell you about training, such as it was. We were up and finishing breakfast by the time the sun came up. We would spend all day out in the field practicing marching, turning, and handling our rifles. We were taught how to form two lines, one behind the other. The first line would kneel and fire their weapons, and then the second line would step in front of the first, kneel and fire their rifles. While this was going on, the first line would be standing behind reloading. We ran through this drill for hours every day, until everyone could reload and be ready to fire as soon as the line in front of them had finished. After several days of this we could pull it off smoothly enough I reckon. We were all told when we went into battle this would be one of the ways we would fight. To tell you the truth, I’m not much taking a cotton to the idea of killing.
We were told when we headed out of camp we would be supplied with something they call hardtack, some bacon or salt pork, a small amount of coffee, some sugar, and a little salt. Doesn’t sound like much to keep a man going. I just wonder if the war continues how long the supplies will last. It doesn’t sound to me like there will be much eating done in the field. I guess I will be a little thinner when I get home.
I haven’t got any idea what this hardtack stuff is, but from what I hear it’s not something to look forward to eating. Some of the men on the train are in camp with us to help in training. I have heard them say it’s not much different from eating a piece of wood. It’s supposed to be some kind of bread, but they say it’s hard as a rock. I reckon I’ll find out soon enough.
Word has it that our training is over and we will be moving out soon. Of course, they only tell us what they want us to know. The commanding officer said he would let us know when the time came. I reckon they’ll wake us up one morning and say it’s time to move.
I must tell you, I thought farm life was hard, but it is nothing compared to this living. There is always someone telling you what to do and how to do it. I’m used to hard work, but we have to hurry all the time. The army always wants things done fast, then we wind up waiting for the next order. I can only imagine what it is going to be like when we start marching and fighting.
I reckon that about catches you up on what’s going on with me. Again, I hope everything is going well for you and Tom. I want both of you to know I miss you very much, and think about you all the time. I’ll write again as soon as I can. When I am assigned to a regiment I will let you know so you can write. The army says mail is slow getting to us, but we will get it sooner or later. I will keep you in my prayers, and ask that you do the same for me.
Love, Joe
Tom could see tears streaming down his ma’s cheeks as she read the letter out loud. He knew how bad he missed his pa, and he could only imagine it was worse for her. Everything around the farm was different without him. Joe had been there every day all of his life, and Becky hadn’t spent a night without him since they had married fifteen years ago. It was hard, but they had to manage somehow. Knowing his pa was about to join the fighting only caused him to worry that much more. He knew so many men were going to die before this thing was over. All he and his ma could do is pray and hope Joe wouldn’t be one of them.
Becky sat on the porch for some time after she finished reading the letter. She stared off into the distance, but didn’t appear to see anything. Tom could only imagine her mind was trying to picture Joe, in whatever place he might be. He couldn’t do that because Berryton was the only place he had ever been outside of Cranston. His mind had no idea what other towns and places might look like. He could picture a campsite though, even though the one Joe was staying in was probably much different from the small one they had set up just outside Berryton.
Finally, Becky decided it was getting on toward supper time. She asked Tom if he minded taking a look at the fields and animals to make sure nothing needed tending too. Normally he wouldn’t mind at all, but this was his birthday. He wasn’t supposed to work the afternoon on his special day. As he was walking around the fields, it hit him why his ma wanted him away from the house. It was too late to go fishing like he usually did on his birthday. She hadn’t had a chance to make his cake. That had to be the reason she wanted him to check the fields. He knew the animals had been fed, and the crops didn’t need tending to today. He had already gathered some of the stuff that was ready for picking earlier in the week. There was very little left to do as far as the crops were concerned. He smiled as he thought about his cake, and the fact that he had figured out what his ma was up to.
He had spent about an hour walking around the farm looking at things when Becky called for him to come and eat. He was definitely ready, his stomach had been growling for the last thirty minutes. Tom was always ready to eat. He was, after all, a growing boy. He needed his food.
As soon as he went into the kitchen he washed his hands and sat down at the table. His ma had already set the plates, which he usually did, but not today. She had whipped up some stew with hot biscuits. Tom couldn’t think of anything he had rather have. He could eat just about anything as long as he had some of his ma’s biscuits to go along with it. The two chatted a little while they ate their supper. Most of the time the family waited until they were finished to do their talking, but things were so out of order without Joe they just wanted to fill the void with something if they could. Their conversation didn’t amount to much, but it took their minds off things for a few minutes.
As soon as she had finished eating, Becky went to the pantry and came out with a cake. It had one little candle lit. She sat it down in front of Tom and he made a wish and blew out the candle.
“You didn’t think I would forget your cake did you Tom?”
“At first I didn’t understand why you wanted me to check everything around the farm. I usually don’t work in the afternoons on my birthday. Then it hit me that you were getting me away from the house to make my cake.”
“You are getting too smart for your own good son. It is getting harder and harder to slip anything by you. I reckon it won’t be long before it’s impossible to fool you.”
“I’ll always look forward to my birthday cake ma, you know that. You and pa have always made my birthday a special day, and I really appreciate that.”
“You’re welcome son. I’ll have to admit, you’re a pretty special young man.”
“I reckon it’s because I’ve got good parents.”
“I wish we could afford to buy you something on your birthday.”
“Ah, don’t worry about that. I’ve got everything I really need. As long as I’ve got some hot biscuits I don’t need much else.”
“Maybe someday we will have some extra money.”
“You don’t worry about that ma, we’ve got more than a lot of folks around here. We’ve got a good house, a fine farm, and the best food in the country.”
“I reckon when you look at it like that we are doing pretty well. And we have each other, which is all I really need.”
“If only pa would hurry up and get back.”
“I wish for that too son, with all my heart.”
That night Tom tossed and turned in bed. He was having a hard time going to sleep. Not only was he worried about his pa, but not working the farm that day had left him with a lot of energy he didn’t usually have by bedtime. Normally it was all he could do to drag his legs into bed and pull up the covers. He had done less work today than he could ever remember. As much as he didn’t like farming, he guessed it was getting into his blood a little more than he thought. He was accustomed to the hard work from sunup to sundown.
The days passed slowly on the farm for the next several weeks. Tom had finished gathering the crops by the middle of August and was now clearing the field of corn stalks and such, so they would be ready for next season. It wouldn’t be long before he could break out the rifle and do some hunting. He could hardly wait.
The root cellar was full, and there had been quite a bit of produce for the market. The general store usually bought a small amount to use in the store, and the rest they sent to the railroad station to be transported to other towns where farming wasn’t as popular. The farm had turned out a good crop, and had put a little money in the Richards’ savings. Becky was a penny pincher, and could squeeze a nickel out of every penny almost. At least, that is what her husband had always told her. He would be proud to know that his son had done so well with the farm. Joe would also like knowing there was a little money to put away for hard times.
With winter coming, Tom should be able to make enough money from selling hides to keep the family going. Becky even thought if he made enough she would let him start a little savings jar of his own. He worked hard on the farm, and it was only right that he reap some of the benefits. A young man should have a little money of his own for a rainy day. The farm had been making money for several years now, but most of it went for upkeep and everyday expenses. There was always a few dollars in savings, but not that much. Maybe now the jar would begin to fill up a little faster.
There was still a lot of work to do on the farm during the winter months, but he didn’t mind that as much as actually working the fields. Firewood had to be kept cut and split. He and his pa would usually have enough cut by the end of September to last most of the winter, but this year he would have to do it all himself. He wasn’t quite as fast with an axe as his pa. He should be able to get enough cut to last for a while, but would probably have to cut more during the winter.
He didn’t care what he had to do as long as he got to hunt. He planned to make this his best year yet in the woods. If he were ever going to have the money to buy a revolver he would have to work hard and try to save every cent he could get his hands on. He knew most of the money had to be used for supplies and things the family needed, but surely if he made enough he could keep a little for himself. He had no idea his ma was already thinking along these lines. He had reached the age that it was time to start learning how to handle money. He would be a man before long, and handling your own affairs was one big part of growing up. His ma and pa had always taught him how to make his own decisions about things, and also not to be wasteful.
By the first week of October Tom had finished with repairs around the farm that needed to be done before the really cold weather set in. He also had enough wood chopped to do for some time. If it wasn’t a really hard winter there might be enough to make it through till spring. If not, he shouldn’t have to cut a whole lot more. Now he was free to do some hunting. His rifle was cleaned and oiled and ready to go. He had been working on his traps getting them ready also. He planned to do very well this year. His pa would be proud when he came home to a full smokehouse, meat on the table, and money in the jar. If hunting went as well as the crops had, the Richards’ should be in pretty good shape money wise for a little while. He felt proud that he had been able to provide for the family while his pa was away. This put him one step closer to becoming a man. His confidence level had also gone up considerably. At first he had doubted he could pull it off, but somehow he had managed, with his ma’s help.
There was one thing he wanted to do before he set out hunting. He wanted to go see his friend Mason for a little while. The two hadn’t had a chance to visit since they came back from Berryton. Tom figured the mill should be about caught up by now, and he thought Mason might enjoy a little hunting trip. He saddled up one of the horses and rode over to the Asher’s farm. Mason was sitting on the porch when he arrived.
“Howdy neighbor,” Tom said as he dismounted his horse.
“Well, hello there stranger. Ain’t seen you in a spell.”
“Has been a while. How you getting along?”
“Not bad I reckon. Finally got the mill caught up. Boy, that thing is a lot of work by yourself. There’ll still be a few orders coming in before winter, but for the most part I’m caught up for now.”
“I can imagine how hard it has been for you. Things are done around our place too.”
“What brings you all the way over here?”
“I just thought you might like to do a little hunting.”
“I wouldn’t mind if I did. How ‘bout I come over in the morning and we spend the day in the woods?”
“Sounds good to me. I’ve been waiting all summer to get out there and see what I can scare up.”
“Good, I’ll come over right after breakfast.”
“I reckon I’ll see you then.”
“Sit down and we’ll chew the fat a while. We haven’t had a chance to talk for a long time.”
Tom took a seat on the porch with Mason. The two had always enjoyed talking about this and that. Tom went through all the stuff he had done on the farm since he last saw his friend. Mason told him all about running the mill and trying to keep up with everything else. The Asher’s didn’t do as much farming as the Richards. They only grew enough to get them by. They made their money with the mill. In a way Tom envied Mason for not having to farm, but then again he didn’t think he would like to be tied up inside a mill all day either. He liked the fresh air and sunshine. Walls made him feel like he was trapped. His pa had always said the same thing. Neither of them spent any more time indoors than they had to.
After about an hour of catching up on each other’s lives Tom told Mason about the letters from his pa.
“We usually get one about every month or so. Sometimes a little longer. Of course, they’ve only been gone about three months. The last I heard he was on a long march somewhere, but he hadn’t been told where.”
“Yeah, my pa writes about the same. He’s in the same regiment with your pa. I reckon since they joined up together the army just kept all the men together.”
“Yeah, my pa told us Mr. Asher was with him during training, and had been assigned to his regiment.”
“I can’t wait for this war to end.”
“I know what you mean. I never thought about what the farm would be like without pa, and then all of the sudden he was gone.”
“It ain’t easy, that’s for sure.”
“That’s a fact.”
“Hey Tom, you want to stay for some supper?”
“Nah, I’ve got to get back. Ma will be expecting me. She is having a hard enough time with pa not being at the table. I don’t want her to have to sit down by herself.”
“I understand. Well, I guess I’ll see you in the morning.”
“Be looking forward to it.”
“Yeah, me too.”
With that Tom mounted his horse and headed for home. He could smell the biscuits when he went by the house heading for the barn. His stomach immediately started growling. He honestly believed his ma’s biscuits were the best thing on earth. He couldn’t imagine not having them on his plate. She didn’t miss many days cooking a pan full. About the only time they didn’t have biscuits was when she cooked cornbread, or a loaf of bread. There were usually always biscuits for breakfast though.
Tom put the horse away and headed into the house. He was starving. His ma was just about to set the table when he came in.
“I’ll do that ma, just let me wash up.”
“O.K. son, supper is ready. I’ll start getting it on the table.”
“What are we having tonight.”
“Some pork loin, mashed potatoes, and biscuits.”
“I reckon you could say we’re eating high on the hog tonight.”
“Very funny son.”
“I thought you might like that one.”

****
Chapter 11
Mason showed up just as Tom was finishing putting away the dishes. He couldn’t wait to get his rifle and head to the woods. Everything was caught up around the farm, so he could spend the whole day hunting if he wanted. In his mind life couldn’t get any better.
There was a crisp breeze blowing as he stepped out onto the front porch. Colder weather was definitely moving in. It wouldn’t be long before it was freezing cold. Tom didn’t mind though, his ma had made him a coat that wouldn’t let any air through. She had taken one of the deer hides and used it for the material of the coat. Not only was it warm, it also kept the rain out, although it did get awful heavy when it was wet. He didn’t mind though, it meant a lot to him that his ma had made it special for him. In fact, she made just about all the clothes the Richards’ family wore. Some were made from store bought fabric, but most were made from things she could salvage around the house. Flour sacks made good shirts. Nothing went to waste on the farm. That was one thing Tom had learned in his life, there was a use for almost anything. The Richards’ family was very resourceful when it came to saving money and using what they had.
The first hunt of the season was actually more of a scouting expedition than a hunt. Tom used this time to look around and see where the animals seemed to be the most active. He walked the banks of the creek looking for beaver signs, along with other animals that might be trappable. He set traps along the creek to catch any beaver or other small animals that might find them. Beaver hides were used for many things and were always in demand. He also sold rabbit, deer, raccoon, and squirrel hides. On the rare occasion when he could find one, fox hides brought a fair price. Occasionally he could even make a few cents off of an opossum hide, although they weren’t in very high demand.
Tom didn’t just hunt for the money that the hides generated. His main goal for hunting was food. He never shot or trapped anything that the family didn’t eat or use in some manner. He didn’t believe in hunting just for sport. In the Richards’ family it was a way of life. For generations the men had hunted to provide meat for the families tables, and he was continuing that tradition. About the only thing they didn’t eat were the beavers, but getting rid of these pest was necessary to keep the creek flowing freely. Raccoon wasn’t something they ate either, but from time to time one would venture into one of the traps. If Tom shot more game than the family needed he would share it with the Asher’s because Mason did very little hunting on his own.
It didn’t matter what Tom was doing in the woods, as long as he was out there. He was satisfied just to sit and look at what Mother Nature had created. He knew the woods on the farm like the back of his hand. He and his father had probably covered every inch of them through the years. There were also plenty of woods between the Richards’ farm and the Asher’s farm, which he hunted to a small degree. He didn’t want to take any game away from the Asher’s. He made sure not to cross over onto their land while he was hunting. Trespassing just didn’t seem right to him, even if the Asher’s were close friends. He had learned to respect what belonged to others a long time ago.
Nothing felt better to young Tom than having the sun shining on his skin, a cool breeze in his face, and a rifle in his hands. That was the one time his mind was content. He could tolerate farming, but it didn’t give him the satisfaction that he found with the thrill of a good hunt. He had long thought of becoming a professional hunter, but as he got older he began to realize it would be difficult to make a living at it unless you moved somewhere that had bigger game. Also, he didn’t cotton to the idea of killing animals just to make money. At the time, he didn’t really want to consider leaving the area. Although he didn’t want to be a farmer, he didn’t cotton much to the idea of leaving his home. This was the land he had known all his life. Leaving it would be like leaving a part of himself. He just didn’t think he was ready for that. Going away for a while might be all right, but he would always want to know he had his home to come back to when he was ready.
As he and Mason walked along the creek bank they spotted several areas that seemed to be supporting a heavy amount of beaver traffic. Tom set up traps on these areas. He didn’t like killing something his family wouldn’t put on the table, but if these pests were left unchecked they would dam up the creek and cause a lot of problems. During the summer Tom depended on this creek for fresh fish for the table. He even fished some during the winter if it wasn’t too cold. He did love a mess of fried fish for supper.
After setting the traps he would have to check them every day. He wasn’t an inhumane hunter. If an animal were trapped, it was very likely it would be alive. Tom didn’t want it to suffer any more than possible, so he checked the traps regularly. He couldn’t stand the thoughts of letting any animal suffer if he could help it. Some boys his age liked to hurt animals, but Tom had a love for all animals, even the pesky ones.
“What are we hunting today Tom?” Mason asked after the beaver traps were set.
“Mostly just looking for signs Mason. I don’t usually start taking deer until the end of November or the first of December. Right now I’m just looking for trails and signs to let me know where they are most active. I will mark those so when I come back hunting deer I will already have my spots picked out. If I see a squirrel or rabbit today though, we’ll be having stew I reckon.”
“Your ma does cook a mighty fine stew all right enough.”
“Everything my ma cooks is good.”
“I won’t argue with you there. I’ve tasted her fixings, and I can’t say that I’ve tasted better.”
“Thanks Mason. There’s one thing pa and I never have to worry about, and that’s something good on the table.”
“My ma’s not a bad cook either.”
“I know Mason, I’ve tasted her cooking too.”
“Maybe if we get a squirrel or two my ma will whip up a stew and you can stay for supper.”
“That would be great, I would like that. We haven’t got to spend much time together this summer anyway.”
“Well, maybe we can make up for some of it this winter. I hope pa will be home before time to plow.”
“Yeah, me too. I didn’t realize how bad I would miss him until he was gone.”
“I know what you mean. I had never even thought about my pa being away like this. My ma misses him something awful.”
“Mine too. Every night I can hear her crying in her bedroom.”
“Same here. My ma doesn’t like to show her weakness in front of anybody, but I know her heart is breaking.”
“Did you ever wish there was something you could say or do to help?”
“Yeah, but what? Anyway, we better quit jawing and start looking for some signs. Keep your eye out for a squirrel while you’re at it.”
“You bet Tom. You want first shot?”
“Nah, if you see him first you take it.”
The two continued walking very quietly and steadily through the woods. From time to time Tom would spot deer tracks and tie a small piece of cloth on a tree limb to mark the trail. He was looking for areas with several sets of prints so that he would know it was very active. This was the type of place he liked to hunt. If you only found one set of tracks you had no guarantee that this was a trail the deer used regularly. When he hunted, he liked to have several for the smokehouse before the winter passed.
When he was in the woods it seemed like time flew. He knew it was passed lunchtime, because his stomach was beginning to complain loudly.
“You getting hungry Mason?”
“I’ve been hungry for the last hour.”
“I’ve got some biscuits and jerky in my sack.”
“Sounds good to me, let’s get at it.”
The two found a log and sat down to eat their lunch. The jerky was a little rough, but the biscuits were almost as good cold as they were hot. Tom could eat them either way. It wasn’t the best of lunches, but it filled the empty spot. It would get them by until supper time anyway.
Shortly after they had finished eating Tom spotted a squirrel playing on a limb not far from where he was sitting.
“Here comes supper,” he said to Mason as he took the shot.
The squirrel tumbled to the ground. Tom picked it up and put it in his sack. If they could get one or two more they could call it a day and head for home.
They had only walked a few more yards when Mason spotted two squirrels in a tree.
“Hey Tom, do you think we could get both of them at once?”
“I don’t see why not. Take a good aim, and I’ll count to three. On three, shoot.”
“Ready when you are.”
Tom started counting, and when he said three, both rifles went off in unison. The young men smiled as both squirrels tumbled from the tree. That would be plenty for a good stew, so the two decided to call it a day and head for home. Tom would like to have stayed out a little longer, but he knew it would take his ma a while to make the stew, and he wanted Mason to join them for supper.
“Hey ma, I’ve got supper for tonight.”
“What did you get?”
“Three squirrels. We’ll clean them and have ‘em ready in a minute.”
“I’ll get started putting the stew together. Bring them on in when their ready.”
Becky’s squirrel stew was only second to her rabbit stew. Tom figured the only difference was the fact that he liked rabbit meat a little better. He could eat more than his share of either one. He loved to sop up the gravy with his biscuits.
Tom and Mason sat on the porch and talked while Becky was preparing supper. Tom had asked if it would be all right if Mason stayed for supper, and his ma had said of course. He knew she would, but he always liked to ask anyway.
The two young men jumped from one subject to the next. It had been so long since they had sat down and chewed the fat. The only difference was, now they were talking more like men than boys. Before, they would talk about fishing, hunting, playing games, or something that didn’t amount to much. Now they were talking about farming, running a mill, provided food for the table, and money for necessities. At first they didn’t notice how their conversation had changed, but before long it sank in. They were no longer boys, they were becoming men. This war had changed so much in their lives. Each wondered if it would ever be the same. When their families were complete again they wondered if they would go back to being boys, or if this man thing was here to stay.
After some discussion of the matter the two young men decided that this was just part of growing up. It was something that was bound to happen sooner or later, the war had just brought it about much sooner and faster than they had intended. Tom figured his pa would be proud of the way he had stood up to the task. Mason felt the same way about his pa.
Before long Becky called for Tom to come and set the table. He was ready. Smelling that stew and biscuits cooking had him starving. Within minutes he and Mason were sitting in their places waiting for Becky to have a seat. The thanksgiving prayer was said, and the two young men were grabbing food with both hands. Each had a hearty helping of stew, with plenty of biscuits to go along with it.
“You would think you two hadn’t eaten in days,” Becky said.
“Aw ma, it’s just because you’re such a good cook.”
“Flattery won’t work around here Tom, I know you to well.”
“It is awful good Mrs. Richards.”
“Thank you Mason.”
After finishing their meal and helping with the dishes the boys returned to the porch. They talked a little while longer until the sun began to set.
“Well, I reckon I best be heading for home. It’ll be dark before long. If I’m not home before night my ma will have a fit.”
“I’ll see you later Mason. I reckon I’ll be doing some hunting about every day if I have time. Anytime you want to come over and join me feel free.”
“Thanks Tom, I will. Tell your ma I really enjoyed the supper.”
With that Mason mounted his horse and headed home. Tom had really enjoyed spending the day with his friend. It seemed like a lifetime since the two of them had really had any time together. When they were boys they saw each other often, but since the war, this had been their second visit. Tom missed the days when they had no worries, and could just pal around together when their chores were caught up. Nowadays, the chores were never caught up. There was always something that needed doing around the farm. Tom had never realized just how much work his pa had taken care of while he played. He always thought he had too much to do, but since his pa left he realized that he wasn’t really doing all that much.
“Did you enjoy your visit with Mason today Tom?”
“I sure did ma. It seems like it has been forever since we spent any time together.”
“It has been a while. I know time seems to move a lot slower since Joe has been away.”
“That it does ma. I really miss him.”
“Me too son.”
“Maybe this war will end soon and he can come back home.”
“I pray for that every day. I imagine just about everybody is praying for the same thing.”
“I know ma. I don’t mean to sound selfish. I know we’re not the only family affected by this stupid war.”
“No son, we’re not the only ones. There are families all over the country that have loved ones in the fighting.”
“I reckon they feel the same way as we do.”
“I’m sure they do. Well, I suppose we should get to our Bible reading for the evening.”
“Yes ma’am.”
Tom read from the Scriptures and said the prayer that night. As he and his ma had done every night since Joe left, they prayed for his safe return. In their hearts they believed the Lord would take care of him, but in their minds it was still difficult not to worry. Human nature is a hard thing to overcome. Both were trying their best, but sometimes it seemed they just couldn’t help it.
After turning in for the night Tom thought about the day he had spent in the woods. He was going over every track that he had found, and thinking about checking his traps in the morning. Since the creek wasn’t that far from the house it didn’t take him long to run and check them. Hopefully he would have some beaver, or possible a raccoon. Most of the time raccoons were too smart for a trap, but occasionally one made a mistake. That was the only time Tom took raccoons for their hides. Once the trap had gotten a hold of them he couldn’t very well just turn them loose injured.
He slept well that night. Walking in the woods had not only worn him out, but relaxed his mind. That was something that he had not known since his pa got on the train. He knew it would be short lived, but for the moment he was just enjoying it.
He woke the next morning fresh and ready to face a new day. He would take care of his morning chores, then go and check the traps he had set the day before. It excited him to know hunting season had finally arrived. Of course he could hunt anytime of the year, but he liked to wait until after the mating season to start. He couldn’t stand the thoughts of leaving a little animal without its folks.
The fields were all harvested and cleaned, ready for next season. There was enough wood chopped and split to last most of the winter at least. Repairs had been made around the farm, at least those that needed doing. There were always a few things that needed tending to during the winter months. You never knew when a roof leak or something might happen. Winter months were harder on the structures than summer time. The cold weather, freezing rain, and snow tended to cause problems that you didn’t encounter during the warm months. About the only thing you had to worry about during the summer was the rain finding a way through your roof. Tom had learned to repair leaks as soon as he was old enough to go up on the roof with his pa.
To his pleasure two of his traps had done their job. He had a couple of nice sized beavers. Both had been killed instantly by the traps, and for that he was thankful. All that was left to do now was skin them and dry the hides. It was looking like hunting season was going to be as fruitful as the crops had been. If this kept up, the family should have some cash in the savings jar for sure. His ma had told him she wanted him to start a jar for himself this year. She said he could have ten percent of all the money from selling hides to stash away for a rainy day. To a thirteen year old that was a lot of money.
The remainder of the winter proved to be one of the best hunting seasons Tom could remember. He had more hides than he could recall ever having in one year. He couldn’t even imagine how much these would bring when he took them into town to sell. All he could think about was the fact that he would get ten percent of whatever they brought.
It was always hard to determine how much you would get from selling hides, since the price fluctuated from one year to the next. Sometimes the price would go up, and other times it would drop. Much of it depended on the demand for animal hides. Tom was hoping since the war was going on that there would be a high demand this year. If there were, that would mean he would get top dollar for all his hides. He knew the army would be needing leather for making shoes and other things. His hopes were that this demand would drive up the prices. If it did, he would have a pretty good savings to put in his jar. This would be the first time in his life he had his very own money.
Along the first of March he made his way into town to buy supplies and sell his hides. Much to his delight the prices were up a bit from last season. Apparently there was a high demand for hides of all kind. He walked away with a hundred dollars. He had never seen that much money in his life. That meant he would have ten dollars of his very own to put away. He felt like a banker. He also knew his ma would be tickled over the amount of money he had made. Ninety dollars would go a long way on the Richards’ farm. Along with the money that had been made from selling the crops, this was one of the best years since Joe had started the farm. The family shouldn’t have to worry for a while. Becky might even be able to afford some material to make a few new outfits for them to wear. She seldom bought store material, but with a little extra money in her hands she just might consider it for a change.
Tom also made his usual visit to Sheriff Tatum and the gunsmith. That was something he just couldn’t manage to skip when he went into town. He only had the chance once a month, so he intended to continue making the best of it while he could. Since he was going to town alone now, he could spend a little more time talking to each of them.
His final stop was the general store to pick up the list of supplies his ma had made. There were a few things that were needed on the farm, and he purchased all that was on the list.
“Hey Tom, I’ve got a letter here from your pa,” the storekeeper said.
“I figured you might. At least I was hoping you would anyway. As long as we hear from pa, we know he is all right.”
“Don’t you worry son, he’ll be home before you know it.”
“I hope so. We all thought he would have been home already.”
“I think everybody did. Looks like this thing is going to last for a spell.”
“I hope it doesn’t last much longer. Running the farm without pa is hard.”
“You hang in there son. It looks like you’re doing a fine job.”
“Thank you ma’am. I’m doing the best I know how I reckon.”
With that Tom loaded the wagon and headed for home. He knew his ma would be proud of the money he had made, and also happy to read the letter from his pa. He could hardly wait to get home. He pushed the horses a little harder than usual to speed up the trip. As always, his ma was waiting on the porch when he arrived.
“I swear ma, I still think you have eyes out there somewhere. How do you always know when someone is coming?”
“You forget son, sound travels a long way out here. I can here that old wagon long before it arrives.”
“You won’t believe how much money I made from the hides. They brought a hundred dollars. I have never seen that much money in one place before. Oh yeah, I’ve got a letter from pa too.”
“You made a hundred dollars? That is unbelievable. I’m proud of you son. Let’s get the wagon unloaded and put away, then we’ll sit on the porch and read the letter together.”

****
Chapter 12
Dear Becky and Tom
I’ve been getting the letters you all have sent. It sure is good to hear from home. I’m glad to know how well things are going on the farm. I knew you two could handle things just fine without me. I don’t have the words to say how much I wish I could be there with my family. I never realized how much I would miss that little patch of earth, and most of all my wife and son.
I am glad that spring is finally arriving. We spent a lot of the winter in camp. As you know there was a lot of snow this winter. I don’t think I have ever been so cold in my life. You never know how much a roof over your head means until you don’t have one. We don’t have tents, so we formed groups and used our oilcloths to help keep the rain and snow off of us as much as possible. It helped, but needless to say we spent a lot of time lying on the wet and cold ground. Now that spring has arrived, we are once again marching almost every day. We never really know where we are going, and it seems we never get there. When we arrive at one place they tell us it is time to move to another.
Over the winter it seems the supplies have dried up. At first we were receiving rations enough to get by on. Along about October, the food shipments started slowing down. Now we are almost down to nothing. We have to forage for food most of the time if we want to eat. I can only guess this will get worse as the war goes on. Most of the rations that we have are what we have taken from the Yankees in battle. Our commanding officers are telling us we may have to start raiding enemy camps just to supply ourselves with food and other necessities. I’ve been wearing the same pair of brogans that I was issued in training camp. They are getting a little thin in the soles from all the marching. We were told the only way to get better ones was to take them off an enemy soldier who no longer needed his. I don’t cotton to that idea, but we can’t go around barefoot either.
I’m not telling you all this to make you worry. I reckon I am doing pretty well, considering. I’m not doing without so far. We have been seeing more fighting lately. It seems like the longer the war lasts, the more fierce the fighting. It looks like everyone was wrong about this being a short war. From what we are hearing and seeing, it is going to last a while yet. I reckon Tom will get to try out his skills on the plow this planting season. I know he will be happy to know that. I really wish I could just come home and return our lives to normal. Believe me, if there were any way, I would be there today.
There is one bit of news that I reckon you might want to know. Our Sergeant was killed in battle a while back and the commanding officer chose me to replace him. I’m not sure I’m happy about the added responsibility, but someone has to step up. I reckon they saw leadership qualities in me or something. Anyway, it will pay a little more than what I was making. I have been saving most of my army pay. With the way things are going on the farm, and my savings, we should be in pretty good shape money wise when I get home.
Anyway, I guess that is about all I have to write about right now. I just wanted to let you know what was going on, and I’ll be looking forward to my next letter from home. Until then, keep me in your prayers, as I do for you all. Hopefully this war will end before long and we can get back to our normal lives. At least I hope I can have a normal life after all that I have seen and done in this here war. I’ve learned one thing, war is not for a human with a heart. It gets awful hard to separate you compassion for others from the reality of what we have to do out here.
I want both of you to know that I love you more than life itself. I will be home just as soon as possible. Tell Tom I’m counting on a bumper crop this year. I know he can do it. I reckon my boy will be a man when I get home. I hope to see you soon.
Love, Joe
Becky began to sob as she thought about the hardships that her husband was facing. She couldn’t stand the thoughts of him going hungry. That was one thing she always made sure of, that her family was well fed. She also hated to hear that he was sleeping on the cold wet ground, instead of in their warm bed beside her where he belonged. Tom also felt tears streaming down his face as he thought about his pa. He couldn’t imagine the things he must be going through. He knew how he felt about killing another human being, and now he had to do just that. It must be breaking his heart to go against all that he believed in. Not only did he have to deal with that, he was also having to worry about food, and living in conditions that no human should have to endure.
When Becky and her son regained their composure they sat on the porch and talked for some time about the letter. They tried to make each other feel better, but it seemed like the harder they tried, the worse it seemed to be. Finally, they decided to talk about the farm. They began planning when they would start plowing, and what they would plant for the upcoming season. Tom wasn’t overjoyed to discuss it, but he knew it was something that he was going to have to do for sure now. He had hoped all along that his pa would be home before planting season, but that hope had been shot down. He knew he would have to start plowing a little earlier than usual so he could get it all done in time to plant. His pa always wanted his seed in the ground by the first or second week in May at the latest. If weather permitted, he would even plant a little sooner. He always said the sooner you plant, the sooner you reap. Tom knew that the family depended on the crops for food, and part of their income. He couldn’t let the family down. He had done well last season, and he would have to do it again. The only difference was this time he would have to do it all. His pa had been around for the plowing and planting last year. He only hoped he could remember everything that his pa had taught him.
Tom had thought that maybe it would get easier the longer his pa was away. He had always heard that things got better over time, but that had certainly not been the case with him. He missed his pa more with each passing day. It hadn’t been quite a year, but it seemed like a lifetime ago when he had waved goodbye to his pa on the train. So much had changed in his life since that day. He felt as if he had aged ten years since that time. He could only imagine it was bothering his ma that much worse. Not only was Joe her best friend, but he was the love of her life. She cooked for him, cleaned for him, and snuggled up next to him every night. Now she had to face going to bed alone every evening. At least Tom was used to that part. He had always had to sleep by himself, so he didn’t have that part to miss. He could only imagine what that must be doing to his ma. He was sure she cried herself to sleep each night.
Before long he would be out in the fields behind a plow. That would help keep his thoughts away from his troubles. Hard work had a way of leaving the mind too tired to think. If only he could learn to enjoy farming it would help even more. He had reached the conclusion that he would probably never come to love the farming life. As he got older, it seemed he enjoyed it less and less. Now that he had to do all the work, he really began to think of what he had rather do when he grew up. The only thing he hated was having to tell his ma and pa he didn’t want to spend the rest of his life farming. He knew it would break their hearts. All of his life his pa had just assumed he would take over the farm someday and carry on the family tradition. He had tried his best to learn to enjoy the life, but something inside him wanted more out of living. He didn’t want to scrape by trying to make a living off the land. For the time being the farm was doing well, but all it would take to turn that around was a dry season. Farming could be affected by so many different things that were beyond control. Lack of rain, too much rain, insects, high winds, and any number of things could ruin a crop. Tom didn’t want to have to live his whole life hoping for good weather to make a living.
Each month Tom looked forward to going into town more and more. He had really built a good friendship with Sheriff Tatum. They had discussed many aspects of the Sheriff’s job, and Tom had even mentioned that he might like to work as a lawman someday. Of course, Sheriff Tatum had told him he really should reconsider. Tom didn’t really understand why he had been told that, but he intended to inquire a little deeper and find out. He still hadn’t asked about how much a Sheriff made, or what qualifications one had to possess to become a Sheriff. He also figured Sheriff Tatum wasn’t going anywhere for a while. He wondered if maybe when he was old enough that he could help the Sheriff, and learn what it took to become a good lawman. As the time passed he would have to work that into their conversation and get a feel of how the Sheriff felt about that.
By the first of April Tom was behind a plow and turning the ground on the Richards’ farm. His pa usually waited until the second or third week to start, but Tom wanted to give himself plenty of time. He wasn’t sure he could turn the fields as fast as his pa, and he didn’t want to be late getting the crops in the ground. His pa expected a bumper crop this year, and Tom didn’t intend to let him down. If he could continue turning out good crops and plenty of game his ma and pa would be more than proud of him. It would also put a little more spending money in his savings jar. In the back of his mind he had planned to buy one of those revolvers he had been looking at in the gunsmith’s shop for so many years. Of course, he would have to talk to his parents about this first. He wasn’t sure they would want him spending his money on something like that. In their eyes it might be foolish spending, but it was something that he really wanted. When he had enough saved up he would just have to talk to them and see where things went from there.
Tom had finished plowing and preparing the fields for planting by the last week in April. He had even added about two acres to what the family usually planted. He had decided to plant about an acre of wheat to have ground into flour at the Asher’s mill. If it worked out this would save some money when buying supplies. He wasn’t sure why his pa hadn’t tried it before, but he was going to try it now. He really had his heart set on putting some money in the savings for both the family and himself. It was about time the Richards had a little extra money to help during hard times. He thought his ma deserved to go to town and buy something for herself from time to time. That was something she just wouldn’t do unless it was considered a necessity. Neither Joe, nor Becky were ones to waste a cent if they could help it. Tom had never had any money to worry about, but now he had a little in his jar. He could think of a lot of things he would like to have, but he knew his parents wouldn’t approve. They didn’t believe in wasting money, but Tom didn’t look at buying something you wanted as a waste. He figured he and his parents would differ on this opinion.
The first week of May turned out to be perfect for planting. Spring had kicked in a little early, and the fields were ready to start growing. Shortly after sunup Tom would be in the fields sowing. Becky would come out and help when she had finished straightening up the house. She would stay in the fields until time to prepare lunch. They would have something simple that could be prepared in a hurry until the planting was done. As soon as they finished eating she would continue helping in the fields until time to prepare supper. Tom worked until it was almost too dark to see before going in to eat and hit the sack. If there was one thing that could be said for farm work, it made you appreciate a good place to lie down at the end of the day. At the rate they were going the fields should be planted in a couple of weeks at the most. Tom was faster than he had even realized. He was growing more accustomed to the work load, and as a result was able to move it along much quicker.
The fields were sewn by the end of the second week in May. Now Tom would have time to tend to some repairs that were needed around the farm. The barn roof needed some attention after the winter. A few shingles had fallen off, and had to be replaced. The house had made it pretty well through the cold weather. He wouldn’t have to worry about it for a while at least. It wouldn’t take a few days to make all the necessary repairs around the place. After that, he might have some time to get in a little fishing. The creek running through the farm was full of catfish, and he loved the way his ma could fry them up. He also caught a lot of bream in the creek, and on rare occasions a small bass. Catfish were his favorite for eating.
There was one particular spot in the creek that Tom was especially fond of. It appeared to be the deepest place on the property. For some reason the catfish seemed to like the spot also. He figured since they were bottom feeders that they liked the deeper water to feed. For whatever reason, he never left empty handed. He could always count on catching plenty for supper in a short amount of time. Sometimes he would fish in other spots just for the fun of seeing what he would catch. Bream seemed to like the shallower water. He figured that was because the catfish were not hunting there as much. The bream had a good taste, but were much harder to clean than the catfish. He hadn’t caught enough bass big enough to eat to really form an opinion about them. As long as he could catch catfish, that was all he really cared about anyway.
As he sat on the bank with his line in the water he thought about his friend Mason. He knew his best friend would love to be sitting here with him. If he had the time he would have gone over and invited him to come and fish a spell, but he was taking advantage of what little free time he had. Anyway, with everything the way it was, sometimes he just wanted to be alone with his thoughts.
He made his trip into town around the last of May. As usual, Sheriff Tatum was kicked back in his chair on the porch. Tom often wondered if he ever left that chair at all. It seemed that every time he came to town that is where the Sheriff could be found. He did what purchasing he needed to do and made his way over to the office to chat for a while. This was one of his favorite things to do after all. Now that he was coming into town alone, he certainly wasn’t going to pass up the opportunity.
“Hey Sheriff, how’s the law business?”
“Not bad I reckon. How are things with you Tom?”
“Can’t complain. Me and ma got the fields planted, so I guess everything is on schedule.”
“That’s good. You made out pretty well last year didn’t you?”
“Yes sir, both with the crops and hunting. Pa was awful proud of us according to what he said in his letter.”
“I’m sure he was. You’re pa has got a lot to be proud of son. It’s not many young men who can step up and fill in like you have.”
“I haven’t done anything special. I’m just trying to keep things going until he gets back.”
“Tom, I don’t think you realize just how much of a man you have become. I have watched you grow up almost overnight.”
“I guess a lot of people around have had to do the same thing. Believe me, it wasn’t by choice.”
“Yes, this war has had a big impact on everyone. The sad thing is, it don’t look like it’ll be over any time soon.”
“Yeah, that’s what pa says. I guess all that talk about a short war was just talk.”
“Well, you know how people are, they like to think they know more than they really do.”
“I guess so. Say Sheriff, can I ask you a question?”
“You know you can son, I told you to ask anything you wanted.”
“How old do you have to be to be a lawman?”
“Well, I guess you need to be about eighteen. Why do you ask Tom?”
“I’m been tossing the idea around in my head for a long time.”
“Like I told you before, you need to set you sights a little higher.”
“But you like being a Sheriff don’t you?”
“Yes, I reckon I do, but there are better ways to make a living.”
“Why do you say that?”
“For one thing, being a lawman is an easy way to get yourself killed. For another, if you want to make a good living this ain’t the way to do it.”
“I figured a Sheriff made a good living seeing as how he has to risk his life sometimes.”
“You figured wrong there son. I reckon Sheriffs in bigger towns might make more money, but around here it ain’t much.”
“Why don’t you have anyone to help you?”
“You mean like a deputy?”
“Is that what you call someone who works for the Sheriff.”
“Yes. I reckon nobody wants the job. In my years here I can’t remember anyone ever asking me for a job. If they had I would have probably hired them so I could take some time off every once in a while.”
“What would a deputy make?”
“Here in Cranston the deputy would get twenty dollars a month. That’s not much less than I make.”
“Boy, I sure thought a lawman would make more money than that.”
“That’s what I’ve been telling you. If you’re looking to make a good living, this ain’t the job for doing it. This is one of those jobs you have to do because you love it, or you don’t know how to do anything else.”
“So you do it because you love it?”
“Unfortunately, the first job I ever had was a deputy sheriff. I don’t know how to do anything else. I don’t know much about cattle, and I would be pretty much lost on a farm. I reckon that’s why I stick with this, at least I know what I’m supposed to do.”
“Would a deputy be able to learn the law and how to be a good lawman?”
“That’s basically what a deputy does. He works with the Sheriff and learns as much as he can about the job. There’s not that much to it really, but it does take some time to learn how to handle yourself without getting shot.”
“Do you think when I’m old enough I might make a good deputy?”
“Tom, I have no doubt that you’d be good at anything you set your mind to doing.”
“If you are still Sheriff when I turn eighteen would you consider hiring me as your deputy?”
“I tell you what Tom, we’ll keep jawing when you come to town. I want you to really take some time and think all of this over. When you are eighteen, if you still think you want to be a lawman, you come and we’ll sit down and see what we can work out.”
“Thanks Sheriff, that means a lot.”
“Once you do the job, you may find it’s not to your liking. If that were to be the case there won’t be any hard feelings. I’d be proud to be the one to show you the ropes though.”
“Thanks again Sheriff. I’ll be asking more questions as time goes on, and I’ll take your advice about thinking this thing through. I don’t know how my folks will take it, but unless my mind changes I would like to at least give it a try.”
“You just be sure that is what you want to do Tom. Remember, you might have to use a gun on another man at some time when you are wearing a badge.”
“I haven’t forgotten that Sheriff. I’ve been trying to work that out in my mind. I was raised to believe killing was wrong, but with pa going off to war I’m a little confused. I’ll talk to him more about that when he gets home. I reckon sometimes a man has no choice.”
“Just always make sure you have no other choice before you pull that trigger. If you don’t, it’s something you will regret for the rest of your life.”
“I’ll keep that in mind Sheriff. Well, I reckon I’ve taken up enough of your time. I want to stop by the gunsmith’s before I leave. I always like to look at the new firearms while I’m in town. Someday I hope to buy one of my own.”
“I’ll reckon I’ll see you the next time you’re in town.”
“You can count on that Sheriff. I appreciate you sharing so much information with me, and letting me ask questions.”
“You’re a special kind of person Tom. If I can help you in any way you just let me know.”
“Thanks Sheriff, that means a lot.”
With that Tom got on his wagon and led the team down the street to the gunsmith’s shop. He liked to stop just inside the door and take in the sights and smell of the store. He had become almost as friendly with the gunsmith as he was with the Sheriff. Each time he stopped in the gunsmith would ask him if he was ready to buy his first revolver. The man knew Tom wanted one so bad he could hardly stand it. The question had sort of become a joke between the two of them. Now Tom could tell him he was starting a little savings, and one day he was going to make a purchase.
On the ride home he watched little puffs of dust rise from the horse’s hooves and dissipate in the light breeze that was blowing. It was a beautiful afternoon. The sky was a deep blue, without a cloud in sight. The temperature was just warm enough to be comfortable, but not so hot yet. It wouldn’t be long before the days would start getting hot enough to start a sweat without even working. Tom knew he had a lot of those sweaty days ahead of him this summer. He would be spending long hours out in the fields. There were weeds that would have to be taken care of, and before you knew it gathering time would roll around. Tom was hoping for an unusually large crop this year. His mind was set on having the family’s finances in good order when his pa came home. It made him feel good to know he was making enough to put something in the savings jar. His pa had always been happy when he could put something away for a rainy day as he called it. Now, Tom was following in those same footsteps. He might not be as good at everything as his pa, but he was proving he could be counted on to provide for the family.
When he got home he put away the wagon and cared for the horses. His ma was waiting for him on the porch. She knew he would have a letter from Joe, and she could hardly wait to see how he was doing. This letter found him doing better than the last time they heard from him. His regiment had raided several Union camps and made off with quite a stash of supplies. It appeared they would have plenty of supplies to last for a while at least. This took a lot of worry off Becky’s mind. Joe also seemed to be in better spirits. She supposed it might be the spring weather. Winter was always hard on Joe because he loved to work in the fields and be outside. He always lightened up when the cold weather broke. It put her and Tom at ease to know that he was doing a little better than he had been the last time they heard from him. They felt maybe their prayers were getting answered. If only he could just come home, but until then both of them would continue to pray for his safe return. Their faith wouldn’t let them consider the possibility that they would never see him again. Of course, from time to time the thought would cross their minds. They were still human, and it is human nature to be concerned about things like that, but they believed the Lord would see Joe home again.

****
Chapter 13
The summer of 1862 was very kind to the Richards’ farm. There was plenty of rain and sun to furnish the crops with all they needed to grow and thrive. Tom was proud of the way his fields were turning out. He worked from sunup until sundown every day trying to keep the fields in the best shape he could. He spent countless hours with a hoe taking care of any weeds that tried to spring up in his crops. His pa usually waited until the weeds began taking over the crops, but he didn’t want to take any chances. This had become a challenge to him, and he wanted to do the best job possible. It had been instilled in his mind since he was just a little boy to always do your best no matter what you were doing. He had always believed that whether he liked the task or not, he should put forth the best effort he could manage to do it correctly. Even if he didn’t care for farming, at least he was giving it his all. If he failed, it wouldn’t be for the lack of trying.
Each evening he liked to sit on the porch just before dark and look out over the fields. Something about seeing the fruit of his labor made him feel proud way down deep inside. He had even grown to enjoy farming a little more, but not enough to decide to make it his way of life forever. He intended to explore other options for his future. The older he became, the more certain he was of this fact. For the time being, he had almost made up his mind he wanted to try working as a lawman. It could be that he really wouldn’t like it once he was faced with doing the job, but he had to know for sure. The only way he would ever find out was to give it a try. If things didn’t work out he could always turn back to farming. Tom had more than learned enough in the last several years to make a go of farm life if he so chose.
Every evening after the supper dishes were done and the Bible reading complete, Tom and his ma would sit around the kitchen table and talk for a spell. The family had always done this from time to time, especially when there was something of importance that needed to be discussed. It had really become a tradition the last couple of weeks before Joe had left. Tom and Becky had continued with it each evening since. In their minds it sort of gave them a sense that the family had some resemblance of normalcy. With Joe gone, they needed anything that would give them a sense that the family was still a unit. Of course, both of them knew that wouldn’t be true until Joe was back home sitting at the table, but for now they would have to make out the best that they could.
Tom enjoyed sitting and talking with his ma. Since Joe had been away she was talking to him more like a man than her little boy. She had grown to really respect him for the way he had stepped up and took his pa’s place on the farm. She knew those were not easy shoes to fill, especially for someone his age. Becky realized it must be very hard on a thirteen year old to try to be the man of the house. She wished every day that this weight had never been placed on her son, but it had, and now all they could do was try to hold up under the pressure. She spent hours praying for her husband’s return. She hated to see Tom working so hard trying to make sure he provided like his pa.
The summer months seemed to pass a little faster than the winter. Tom figured it was because he had so much more work to do, and had little time to really think about things. Naturally, when he was in fields his mind would wonder where his pa was and what he was doing. He had accepted the fact that he couldn’t completely get the worry and wonder out of his head. There was nothing that could keep him busy enough to prevent his mind from wandering. He was trying his best not to worry about his pa, but that was a hard thing to do. His ma had told him to just trust and have faith. He was trying his hardest, but he knew his ma worried some also. He knew so many people who were worried about their loved ones fighting in this war. Even though he knew you weren’t supposed to worry, there were a lot of people not making the grade. He figured it was just part of being human.
The crops were doing fine, and it looked like he would get that bumper crop he and his pa were hoping for after all. He had given it his best, and it seemed nature had co-operated with him. The fields were full of crops almost ready for the picking. He could hardly wait to see what things brought at the market this year. Even though he hated the war, he thought the demand for food might be a little higher because of it. If that turned out to be the case, the price would be up a bit from previous years. It stood to reason that a lot of farms had to be let go while the men were away fighting. Many others had probably been damaged or destroyed by the war. All of this would cause the demand for fresh vegetables to be higher than normal, which also meant better prices. Since he had planted a few extra acres he should make a good haul on his crops this year. His wheat was doing fine, so he figured that would save a good bit of money buying flour.
Some of the vegetables started to come in during July, and by the end of August the fields would be cleared of everything. He would start as soon as the first ripe vegetables were ready to be picked. As soon as the Richards’ root cellar was full, he would begin taking the rest into town to sell. Hopefully he would break a record this year for money made off the farm. If he did, he knew his pa would be proud of his hard work.
Tom was beginning to bring in vegetables by the first week in July. He loved fresh tomatoes. He could take a good ripe tomato and eat it by itself. His ma also made a very good vegetable soup. As a matter of fact, he couldn’t think of anything she couldn’t cook. He loved sitting down at the table, no matter what was sitting upon it. Meat was actually his favorite food, but he loved vegetables also. He knew the value of a balanced diet. His ma had always told him a man couldn’t live on meat alone.
On his birthday his ma told him she wanted him to take a day off. She said he should spend the morning fishing, and she would fry up the fish for supper. He couldn’t think of a better way to spend his birthday. This was more like what he usually did on his special day. This year he would be fourteen years old. He thought back over the last few years, and it seemed like he had aged ten years since his last birthday. His hands had become hard and calloused, his thinking had become more like a man’s, and his body had grown strong.
Right after breakfast Tom grabbed his pole and headed for his favorite fishing hole. By lunch time he had a string of catfish ready for the evening meal. While he sat by the creek he thought about all that had happened since his last birthday. Thinking about the fish tied off in the water was making him hungry. He knew he had to head home for lunch soon. The growling of his stomach was like a clock, letting him know it was lunch time.
Becky had a light lunch prepared when he got home. They were having some soup and cornbread. She told him she figured they would eat light since she knew he would bring home some fish for supper. As soon as Tom had finished eating he headed outside to clean his catch. Through the years he had become pretty good at clean and preparing any kind of fish or game. It was for sure he had plenty of practice. He could clean a mess of catfish by the time his ma could get ready for them. He was certainly looking forward to supper tonight. His birthday had once again returned to somewhat of the way he was used to celebrating it. Some time spent at the creek, and a mess of fresh catfish waiting to be cooked up for supper. The only thing missing was his pa. Other than that it had been a perfect day. Of course, there was his cake after supper. His ma had plenty of time to prepare it while he was fishing.
Throughout the summer Tom had been going to town about once a month to buy supplies. He continued visiting with Sheriff Tatum and learning more and more about being a lawman. The more he learned, the more he thought this was what he wanted to do with his life. The Sheriff kept trying to talk him out of it, not only because of the danger, but the small amount of money he would make. Tom didn’t really like the wages, but it would at least be a way to find out if this was what he wanted to do for the rest of his life. If he indeed did enjoy the work, and turned out to be good at it, maybe he could get a job in a bigger town and make more money. He figured the larger the town, the more money a lawman would make.
The letters from Joe continued to be waiting when Tom stopped in to buy supplies. He and his ma always felt relieved to hear from him. No matter what was going on, at least they knew he was still alive. That was a great comfort to both of them. Tom had never thought the only way he would get to talk to his pa was through a letter, but he was getting a little used to the idea. He had written letters himself along the way, and sent them with those his ma had written. Joe always let them know he had received their letters, and thanked them for writing. Tom could hardly wait to finish gathering the crops and find out what kind of money they would bring in. This would be something he would definitely have to write his pa about. If he could make more money than his pa, he would have something to be proud of. He knew his pa would be even more proud of him for his hard work.
Finally, the fields were cleared of all crops. Tom had everything loaded on the wagon and ready to take into town. He was excited to see what the going prices were this year. His hope was that the prices would be up. He had a wagon full to sell. There were even enough vegetables left over that he would have to make a second trip. That was something the Richards’ rarely ever had to do. That extra two acres he had planted seemed to make a big difference. That wasn’t the only reason for so much though, all of the fields had produced more than normal. He was glad that everything had worked out so well. If he made enough, he intended to buy his ma a little something nice. She would hardly ever spend any money on herself, and he felt she deserved something.
As he had hoped, the prices were up a bit this season. He sold what he had and returned for the second load. He could hardly believe the money he had made this year. His ma and pa would be so proud. There should be plenty to put in the family savings. If things kept going like this the Richards would be sitting pretty financially for a while.
After he sold the last of his crops, he gathered up the things his ma had put on her supply list. He then told the woman running the store that he would like to buy a little something for his ma.
“Well Tom, what did you have in mind?”
“I don’t really know. I can’t spend much, but I want to buy her something nice. Something she wouldn’t buy for herself. What kind of things does a woman like?”
“Well, I’ve yet to meet a woman who doesn’t like jewelry. I’ve got a few necklaces that aren’t very expensive. Maybe she would like one of those.”
“That sounds like a good idea. She would never spend money on jewelry. May I see them?”
“Sure, right over here.”
Tom looked over every necklace in the store. None of them were very expensive, so he figured his ma wouldn’t be upset if he spent a little money on her. Both of them had worked so hard, he felt she needed something for herself. She always made sure he had what he needed, and made his birthday and Christmas special for him. He almost felt like he owed her a little something.
After looking over all the necklaces, he found one that he especially liked. It was gold colored, with a small butterfly hanging from the chain. He knew his ma liked butterflies.
“How much is this one?”
“I tell you what I’ll do Tom, I’ll let you have it at cost. I paid one dollar for it, and that’s what I’ll sell it to you for.”
“That sounds fair enough, I’ll take it.”
“Would you like me to wrap it for you?”
“Yes ma’am, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“Of course I don’t mind. I’ll have it ready in a jiffy.”
Tom watched as the woman wrapped the little necklace. He didn’t think his ma would be mad that he had spent a dollar on her. She would probably say there were other things that money would have been better spent on, but he wanted to do this for her. He had never been able to do anything like this for his ma, and he intended to do this one thing. If she got really upset maybe he could bring it back, or sell it to someone.
All the way home Tom tried to picture the look on his ma’s face when he handed her the little package. Not only did he have a present for her, but a letter from his pa to go along with it. He really hoped this would brighten her day. She hadn’t had a lot to be happy about lately. Although Becky never let her son know what she was feeling inside, he could imagine her heart was broken with Joe being gone. The only thing they had done was work for so long, he hoped this would give her a reason to smile.
Becky was sitting on the front porch when Tom arrived home. He quickly put away the wagon and cared for the horses. He could hardly wait to hand her the money he had made from selling the crops. She was going to be so surprised at how much he had.
“Ma, here is the money I made.”
“Good Lord son, that’s a lot of money.”
“I know, I think we did pretty well this year. I dropped the wheat off by the Asher’s to have it ground into flour. Mason said it should be ready in a few days. That should save us a little money.”
“We’ve done excellent Tom. I’m so proud of you. I can’t wait to tell your pa what a good job you’ve done.”
“Thanks ma. I’ve also got a letter from pa.”
The two of them took their seats on the porch and read the letter. Joe seemed to be doing well. He told them the supplies were running low again, but they were able to rustle up what they needed. He was really getting tired of all the marching and fighting. It was obvious in his writing that he was more than ready to come back home to his family. As usual, tears streamed down Becky’s face as she read the letter. Tom knew her heart broke every time she heard from her husband. Those letters seemed to make her miss him even more. Tom waited until she had regained her composure a little.
“Ma, I spent a little of the money on something. It wasn’t much, so I hope you’re not mad at me?”
After saying that, he reached in his pocket and pulled out the little box.
“What is this Tom?”
“Just a little something I got for you. I hope you’re not mad at me.”
“Why would I be mad? You said it didn’t cost much, and we did pretty well this year. I’m just a little surprised, that’s all.”
Becky slowly opened the box and pulled out the necklace.
“Oh Tom, it’s beautiful. Look at the little butterfly. You obviously have good taste. I guess you get that from your pa. Thank you very much. What made you do this?”
“Well, you’ve been working so hard, and you do so much for me. I just thought it would be nice to do a little something for you.”
“You don’t know how happy this makes me. It’s not the necklace, it’s the fact that you thought about your ma like that.”
“You deserve it ma.”
“Thanks again son. I’ll cherish this forever.”
“It’s not much, but I know you never buy anything for yourself.”
“You’ll never know how much this means to me. You’ll make some woman a fine husband one day.”
“Let’s don’t get in any hurry about.”
“Agreed. I’m not quite ready to let go of you just yet anyway.”
“Well, I guess we better get busy fixing supper. I suppose you’re starving.”
“You know me ma, I’m always starving.”
With that Becky laughed and headed into the house to prepare supper. Tom sat on the porch for a little while, thinking about all the work he had done this summer. He had done well. He had a reason to be proud of himself. He knew his pa would be proud of the money he had earned from the crops. His ma had already said how proud she was. There should be plenty to stash away in the savings jar this year. The only bad thing about farming was the fact you couldn’t afford to waste your savings. Just because this had been an excellent year, next year could be a total failure. Tom knew if that happened, the family would need every penny in the jar to make it through. There was never a time when you could feel safe without something put away for a rough season.
By the middle of September Tom was finished clearing the fields. The vines and corn stalks had all been cut and cleared away. The corn stalks would be used to feed the cattle. The hogs ate whatever corn had been unusable, and of course anything that was leftover from the table. Nothing went to waste on the farm. Grass was cut for hay to feed the horses. They also had some feed to supplement their diets. The old mule would eat just about anything he could get a hold of.
The weather was still warm, so Tom knew he would get to do some fishing before the winter months moved in, but first he had to take care of cutting and splitting the firewood. This chore would take a couple of weeks if he worked really hard. His pa had built a small shed beside the house to stack the wood in so that it didn’t get wet, and was easy to get to when needed. Tom intended to have it full before he stopped. He had learned over the years that when the building was stacked full there would be enough firewood to last all winter. Last year he had to cut a little extra before the cold weather moved out. This year he wanted to have this job completed before it got cold. He had found that swinging an axe in freezing cold temperatures was not a pleasant task. Besides, the more he could have done, the more time he would have for hunting. 
He began each morning chopping wood until he had quite a pile, then he would begin splitting the logs into pieces that could be used in the stove. These had to be a bit smaller than those used in the fireplace. Decent sized logs made for good heating wood. They burned slower than the split wood, meaning the fire would last longer without having to add more wood.
The wood for the cook stove had to be cut rather small. Not everyone in Cranston had the luxury of a cook stove, but Joe had managed to furnish one for his wife. He had bought a used stove that had been traded in for merchandise at the general store. The man who traded it in said his family was moving back to Kentucky, and he didn’t want to have to haul the stove all that way. He had made a trade for the supplies they would need on their journey. Joe had bought it at a very reasonable price.
Becky had been so proud of her new cooking tool. She had cooked over the fireplace, but the stove made it a lot easier. Joe had been excited that he could give his wife something to help make her life simpler. He didn’t want her to feel like she had to live like a pioneer all the time. Even though life on the farm was hard, there were things that could make it a little more bearable.
Tom managed to sneak off for a little fishing some evenings after he finished chopping wood. The fish would be cleaned, and he would continue with his wood until his ma had supper ready. Nothing worked up an appetite any more than a full day of chopping wood. All this hard work was certainly making a man out of Tom. He hadn’t even realized the new muscle that had grown on his frame. He was extremely strong for someone his age. Since the changes were happening over a period of time he didn’t really notice. Each time he went to town the Sheriff would make remarks about how big he was getting. Tom figured this was just something the Sheriff said to life his spirits. But the fact was, he was growing each day. He hadn’t had a chance to be around any of the other boys his age, but he knew he had grown much larger than Mason. In fact, he was as large as some of the men he could remember.
For fourteen years old Tom was broad through the shoulders and chest, narrow at the waist and hips, and his legs were very muscular. His ma kept his dark brown hair cut just even with the top of ears. He had never liked his hair to come over his ears for some reason. He had realized that it wouldn’t be long before he had to start shaving. He had noticed some fuzz beginning to grow on his face, especially around his chin. He would have to purchase a razor if his pa wasn’t home before the time came that he had to shave. Joe had taken the straight razor with him. He figured he could get by another year at least.
Tom made his trip into town around the first of October. This was one of his more favorite times to come to town. It was this trip each year when he bought powder and supplies for hunting. His pa had taught him how to make his own ammunition many years ago. He had a mold that molten lead was poured into to form the mini ball. For many years round shot had been used, but Joe had purchased a mold for mini balls, and found them to be much more accurate at greater distances. Tom always spent several days making a good supply for the winter. He often wished he had a smaller caliber weapon for squirrels and rabbits, but he had to make do with what he had. Someday, he hoped to be able to buy what he wanted. He had already noticed by visiting the gunsmith that new firearms were coming out from time to time. He had no idea what might be available by the time he could afford to buy one of his own.
His talk with the Sheriff mostly consisted of questions that Tom had about being a deputy. Sheriff Tatum did the best he could to explain everything in a way that Tom would understand. He never failed to remind him of the dangers that went along with the job. For some reason this didn’t discourage the young man at all. He wondered sometimes if it would matter when he was actually faced with a situation. It’s always too easy to sit back and think of how you would handle something when there is no danger. Facing danger would make things a lot different he was sure.
His next stop was the gunsmith’s shop. It was time to buy a supply of powder for his rifle. He planned to do a lot of hunting and trapping this year. If this year was as good as, or better than last year, he would be in good shape. Of course, his first stop in the store was the pistol display. He couldn’t visit the gunsmith without seeing what kind of new pistols he had in the store.
“Ready to buy you one of those Tom?”
“I wish. I’m still just daydreaming I reckon. Someday though, I’m gonna own me one.”
“Anytime you’re ready you just let me know.”
“You don’t have to worry about that.”
“What can I do for you today?”
“I need some powder for my old rifle. It’s about time to start filling up the smokehouse.”
“Here you go Tom. That should hold you for a while.”
“That should be enough to get me through all winter and then some.”
“You never know. If you have another year like last, you may need it all.”
“I can only hope.”
Tom paid for his powder and left the gunsmith’s store. His final stop would be the general store. His ma always made a list of the things she needed on the farm. He also added things that he knew would be needed for repairs and such. He gathered up everything on the list and placed it on the counter.
“How much do I owe you?” he asked the lady behind the counter.
“Let’s see here, about twelve dollars should cover it.”
Tom reached into his pocket and counted out the money.
“I like a man who can pay as he goes,” she said.
“It’s been a good year again. Pa always likes to pay for what he gets, and I reckon I feel the same way. Ma and pa have always told me when you buy on credit you’re going in the hole.”
“I reckon that makes sense.”
“Is there any mail for us?”
“Let me check, I’ll be right back.”
The storekeeper stepped into the back and returned shortly.
“Sorry Tom, I don’t have anything right now.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes, I’m sure. I know you’re looking for a letter from you pa, but there isn’t anything. I’m sorry. Maybe he’s just not been able to send one.”
“I reckon that may be. He’s had a few times that we haven’t heard from him for a couple of months. As long as we hear by next month we won’t worry too much.”
“Be patient Tom. You never know where the men may be, and what they may be doing.”
“You’re right. Well, thanks anyway ma’am.”
“You’re welcome Tom.”
On the ride home Tom’s mind began to wander. Even though sometimes his pa’s letters skipped a month, it still caused worry on the farm. He knew his ma looked forward to that letter every time he returned from town. She was always waiting on the front porch to sit down and read it with him. He had grown attached to those letters also. This was the only communication he had with his pa. As long as the letters came, he and his ma knew Joe was still alive at least. He realized there would probably be one when he went back to town, but that didn’t ease his worries now. He knew his ma would also be upset when he returned without any news from her husband.
As he expected, Becky was sitting on the porch when he arrived home. He stopped the wagon in front of the house and the two of them unloaded it.
“Ma, there wasn’t a letter from pa. I had the lady look real good, but there was nothing there for us.”
“Well, maybe you’re pa just hasn’t had a chance to send one. I’m sure we’ll hear from him next time.”
“I hope so. I don’t like it when pa doesn’t write.”
“Neither do I Tom, but there’s nothing we can about it.”
Tom could see the worry on his ma’s face. Even though she tried to hide her concern, he had learned to know that look. Her jaws would tighten, her forehead would wrinkle slightly, and she would hold one hand in the other. He doubted she even realized how much her emotions showed. She had always tried to hide her fears and concerns from Tom, but he was learning a lot just by watching and studying a person’s expressions. Sometimes a person said more with their facial expressions than all the words in the world could explain. Even though Tom was young, he had learned to watch for these changes. He might not know exactly what was going on in their mind, but he could tell when someone was worried or upset well enough. He knew his ma was worried sick. If only there was something he could say or do to make things better for her.
October was the month Tom started his hunting season. First, he went to visit Mason and invite him to come along. This year his friend was behind at the mill, so he said he would join Tom later on in the month.
Tom set out to scout the creek for beaver signs and set up his traps. It seemed for every beaver he trapped, two more took its place. As soon as the traps were set, he began looking for deer tracks and shooting any squirrels he might come across. The fields in front of the cabin were fertile with rabbits, so he didn’t have to worry about finding them. He could almost keep the family in rabbit stew without leaving the front porch.

****
Chapter 14
By the middle of November Tom had about all the rabbit and squirrel meat he could use for a while. Since his friend Mason was not as good of a hunter as he was, he always liked to take them some of his game. He liked to know that they could also have fresh meat on the table during the winter. Mason did some hunting, but not as much as Tom. He didn’t enjoy being out in the woods the way Tom did.
Tom decided he would load some game on the wagon when he went into town. He could swing by the Asher’s farm and drop off the meat. This would also allow him to visit with his friend for a while. The farm was only a few hundred yards off his path anyway. After that he could make his way on into town and take care of his business.
He loaded up his squirrel and rabbit meat on the wagon, hitched up the horses, and headed for Cranston. He was a little more anxious about the trip this time than normal. He was hoping to get a letter from his pa, since there had not been one last month. He and his ma had prayed all month that Joe would get a chance to write before Tom returned to town. He had skipped a month writing a few times, but never more than one month.
After stopping by the Asher’s farm and dropping off his load of meat he and Mason sat on the porch for a spell and talked. There were so many changes that had happened in their lives in a short amount of time. It was hard for either to believe their childhoods had seemed to pass them by all of the sudden. Tom figured they must have talked about an hour or so.
“Well, I reckon I better make my way on into town,” he said, as he stood to leave.
“It’s good seein’ you Tom.”
“You too Mason. Don’t forget the invitation to come over and hunt with me any time you want.”
“I’ll be taking you up on that soon. I need to get away from the mill for a while and clear my head. I think a hunting trip would do me a world of good.”
“It always does for me. Well, I’ll see ya.”
“Take care Tom.”
With that Tom crawled up on the wagon and began to make his way to town.
The ride into town seemed to take longer than it had in times past. Tom figured the pressure of his pa being gone was weighing heavier on his shoulders as time passed. He had thought for sure he would have been home by now. His mind was wandering all over the place as the horses trotted along the path. How would he handle it if there were no letter from his pa this time? Would that mean something had happened to his pa, or just that he hadn’t had time to send a letter? He knew if he returned home with no word from his pa that his ma would be very upset. She had held up well since last month, but if Joe missed a second month writing home Tom wasn’t sure how she would take it, or him either for that matter.
Finally, the little town of Cranston came into sight. Instead of visiting the Sheriff and the gunsmith as he normally did first, he headed straight for the general store. He figured he could do his shopping, and hopefully get a letter from his pa. This would put his mind more at ease so that he could enjoy his other business in town.
Tom quickly picked up the things on his list and placed them on the counter. The lady running the store began to add up the prices.
“How much do I owe you ma’am?”
“It’ll be about nine dollars this month Tom. You’re really saving a lot of money here lately. I reckon having your own flour has helped.”
“Well, we are trying our best to put as much away as we can. With just me and ma it doesn’t take near as much food. Hunting has been very good this season, so there has been plenty of meat, and the farm produced the biggest crops we have ever had. Our root cellar is completely full. About all we have to purchase now are salt and sugar, and a few other odds and ends.”
“Sounds like you’re doing a mighty fine job out there.”
“I’m doing my best. I don’t want to fail my pa. He’s counting on me to keep things going until he gets back, and I intend to do just that.”
“I reckon your pa will have plenty to be proud of in you Tom.”
“Is there any mail for us this time?”
“Let me go and check.”
The lady disappeared into the back room of the store. Within a couple of minutes she had returned, although to Tom it seemed she had been gone forever.
“I’m sorry Tom, I don’t have anything for you.”
“Are you sure ma’am?”
“I’m afraid so Tom. I’m really sorry. I know you were looking for a letter from your pa, but there just isn’t anything for you this time.”
“Thanks anyway ma’am.”
“Now don’t you fret son, I’m sure your pa is just fine. He probably hasn’t had time to write. He may be out somewhere where he hasn’t had a chance to send a letter.”
“I wish I could believe that ma’am. My pa has never missed two months sending a letter since he’s been gone.”
“I’m sure he is fine. You just have to have faith.”
“I’d feel a lot better hearing from him.”
“I know you would Tom, but keep your spirits up. He’ll write as soon as he can, I’m sure.”
“Thanks ma’am. I hope you are right.”
With that Tom grabbed his supplies and left the store. As soon as he had everything loaded, he ambled over to the Sheriff’s office. Maybe talking to Sheriff Tatum would help him feel a little better.
It was a little cool today, so the Sheriff was not on the porch as usual. Tom pecked on the door of the office.
“Come on in, it’s open.”
“Howdy Sheriff.”
“Hello there Tom. How’s things going out on the farm.”
“I reckon we’re doing pretty good. I didn’t get a letter from my pa again this month.”
“I’m sorry to hear that son. Now don’t you worry, I’m sure your pa is just fine.”
“I wish I could know for sure what was going on. It’s not like him not to send us a letter and let us know he is o.k.”
“War is a strange thing Tom. With all the marching and moving around the mail may just be delayed somewhere.”
“I hope you’re right Sheriff. I’m really worried about my pa though. I don’t know what me and ma would do if something has happened to him.”
“You don’t need to even be thinking that way. You’ve got to believe everything is all right. Your pa needs you to be strong. I’m sure there is nothing wrong. Your ma is depending on you. I know if your pa were here he would tell you to take care of your ma and don’t worry about him.”
“I know he would, but that doesn’t make things any easier. I don’t know what to say to help ma like he does. Pa always seems to know just the right words to help.”
“You’ll do just fine son. You’ve grown a lot since your pa has been away. I don’t think you even realize how much of a man you have become.”
“I appreciate that Sheriff. I only wish I could believe in myself like you do.”
“Trust me son, you’re a lot stronger than you give yourself credit for. Just look at what you’ve done with that farm. You’re pa won’t believe you’ve made more money with it than he did.”
“I reckon you’ve got a point. All I can do now is hope for the best. I don’t know where pa is, or what has happened to him. I guess me and ma have to put it all in the Lord’s hands and let him handle it.”
“Now you’re talking with some sense. It takes a man to realize that he is not always in control of everything.”
Tom and the Sheriff continued chatting for a little while before Tom decided he better be heading for home. For a change, he wouldn’t be going to the gunsmith’s store today. He just wasn’t in the mood to look at any guns, or anything that reminded him of the war.
As he made his way toward home he thought about Mr. Asher being in the same regiment as his pa. If Mr. Asher had been writing home maybe he would have said something about Joe in his letters. Tom couldn’t believe he hadn’t already thought of that. Of course, he wasn’t nearly as concerned the first month as he was now. He slapped the reins against the horse’s backs to speed them up a little. He wanted to get back to the Asher’s farm as soon as he could now. The sooner he got there, the sooner he could find out if Mr. Asher had been writing home. He was sure he had. For some reason he and Mason had not discussed the letters they received. Mr. Asher loved his family the same as Joe did. It was for sure he wouldn’t leave them wondering how he was doing. Tom couldn’t believe that he and Mason hadn’t even discussed their letters before. He reckoned they were just so glad for the time they could spend together that they tried not to think or talk about the war.
Mrs. Asher was tossing some water off the corner of the porch when Tom arrived.
“We certainly appreciate the game you brought. Mason hasn’t had much time to do any hunting this season. The mill broke down a while back, and he’s just now getting caught up. He’s down there now if you’d like to talk to him again.”
“Yes ma’am, I would. There’s something I thought of that I would like to ask him.”
With that, Tom slapped the reins across the horses’ backs and headed for the mill. It sat by the creek about a hundred yards from the house. He could hear the grinding wheel turning as he approached.
“Hey old timer,” he shouted as he entered the mill.
“Who you calling old timer?” Mason asked, with a big grin on his face.
“It’s been a while since I’ve seen you actually doing some work.”
“That’s ‘cause you’re always laying around over at the farm.”
“I wish. There’s one thing about farm living, you don’t have much time for laziness.”
“I’ll agree with you there. This here mill is about to run me over.”
“Hey Mason, I need to ask you something. Does your pa write on a regular basis?”
“I was wondering why you came back by. Yeah, we get a letter just about every month.”
“I figured you did. I don’t know why we haven’t talked about our letters before.”
“I reckon we were trying to forget the war as much as we could.”
“Maybe you’re right. I reckon since we saw your pa and mine on the train we just didn’t want to talk about it.”
“I reckon.”
“My pa usually writes every month too, but I didn’t get a letter last month, or again this month. I was wondering if your pa had said anything.”
We just got a letter from pa a few days ago. Ma had to go into town this time because I have been behind with the mill.”
“Did he say anything about my pa?”
“As a matter of fact, he did. He said your pa had been promoted to Sergeant a few months back.”
“Yeah, pa told us about that in his last letter.”
“Pa said Joe had been assigned a company of men to go on a special detail. He didn’t know what it was, or where they were going. He said they pulled out along the end of October, and he hasn’t seen them since.”
“So maybe that’s why pa hasn’t written. Maybe he is on some special secret detail.”
“Could very well be. At least my pa didn’t know what it was.”
“Well, at least now I know he was o.k. last month. Ma and I were worried that something had happened to him. I know when I get home this evening with no letter that she is going to be very upset. At least I can tell her what Mr. Asher said. Maybe that will take some of the worry off her mind.”
“I wouldn’t worry just yet. If he’s on a secret mission he probably just can’t send out any letters. I’m sure my pa will let us know if he hears anything.”
“Thanks Mason, I would appreciate it if you would let me know.”
“Be more than glad to Tom. If I hear anything I’ll come right over and let you know.”
“Thanks Mason.”
The two young men continued talking about this and that for a while. Mason again thanked Tom for the meat he had brought. He said they really needed it since he hadn’t had any time for hunting yet. He said he was hoping to be caught up at the mill in the next couple of weeks, and that he would come over and do some hunting with Tom. The two still enjoyed their time together, even though they had aged so much over the past couple of years. They had gone from two boys helping run farms, to two young men running the farms. That was a lot of growing to do in such a short amount of time.
On the ride home Tom tried to think of a gentle way to break the news to his ma that he didn’t have a letter again. In his mind there was only one way to tell her, and that was simply just to tell her the truth. He knew it was going to cause a lot of worry in her mind, and he wished there was some way he could avoid doing that, but he couldn’t think of any. He let the horses walk along at their own pace because he was in no hurry to break Becky’s heart. There was no doubt in his mind that she was going to be very upset.
Becky was sitting on the porch when Tom Arrived. Over the years he had grown to expect her to be waiting when she heard the wagon coming. He stopped at the porch and unloaded the wagon, then put it away and fed the horses.
“Ma, I wish I knew how to tell you this is a better way, but there was no letter from pa again.”
He could see tears building up in her eyes just before she turned away to look out over the fields toward the barn. They sat quietly for several minutes. Tom knew she needed a little time to put her words together, and get control of her emotions.
“Well, all we can do is pray, and hope for the best.”
“I stopped by the Asher’s again on the way home. Mason said his pa had been writing regularly. He said in his last letter that pa had been assigned a company of men to carry out a special detail. He didn’t know what they were doing, or where they had gone. He said he hadn’t seen pa since the latter part of October.”
“Maybe that is what is wrong. Your pa is probably just out somewhere where he can’t send any letters right now. We just need to pray a lot harder that the Lord will watch over him, and bring him safely back to us.”
Even though his ma was talking bravely, he knew what was going on in her mind. He had no doubt that she was worried sick. Knowing her husband was on a special detail meant that it was probably something dangerous. That thought had already crossed Tom’s mind, so he was confident his ma was thinking the same thing. It could be that he just didn’t have a chance to write, but it was very unusual that he didn’t find a way to let them know he was o.k.
The two of them sat quietly on the porch for several more minutes before Becky decided to go inside and start preparing supper. Tom felt like he needed a little time alone, so he told her he was going to walk around the farm for a little while. He needed a chance to think and try to clear his head. Sometimes walking around looking at nature helped him to think clearer, and settle his mind somewhat.
Very little was discussed about Joe for the next several days. It just seemed easier to deal with if you didn’t bring it up. At least that was how Tom felt, and he figured his ma felt the same way. There was nothing they could do about the situation except pray. If Tom knew where his pa was, he was almost ready to go check on him, but that wouldn’t be a good idea. After all, they had no idea what part of the country Joe might be in anyway.
Tom started deer hunting around the first of December. Within the first two weeks he had already shot four, and it looked like there would be plenty more where those came from. Five was usually his limit. That provided enough meat for a long time. Any extra deer that he shot was given to the Asher’s for their smokehouse. He always skinned them first, because the hides brought decent money. A lot of things could be made out of deer hides, and with the war going on the prices should remain high. He planned to make even more this year than he had last season.
By the time he was ready to make his trip into town he had two deer to drop off at the Asher farm. He would stop by on his way to town so the meat wouldn’t be sitting on the wagon any longer than necessary. He didn’t want to take a chance on any of it spoiling. After it was smoked it would last a good while. He smoked most of the deer meat, but also dried some, and made jerky of a lot of it. His pa had taught him how to make jerky out of most any kind of meat shortly after he started hunting. It wasn’t the greatest thing to eat, but it would fill an empty belly. The main thing about jerky was the fact it would last for a long time. You could carry it with you to eat while you were hunting, or anytime you were unable to prepare anything to eat. He had found it handy on most of his hunting expeditions. After all, his stomach didn’t like going without food for any length of time.
Tom dropped the deer off at the Asher’s farm on the way into town. Mason and his ma seemed really grateful for the food. Tom helped Mason hang the meat in the smokehouse. His friend didn’t make jerky out of anything. He hated it when Tom took him hunting and all they had to eat was the stuff. Mason said it reminded him of eating a piece of leather. Tom often wondered how they grew up basically the same way, but were so different in many ways. Tom liked living off the land, but Mason acted more like a city fellow. There were often jokes passed between them about this difference. Tom had often told his friend that he should move to a big city, and Mason called Tom a mountain man.
Tom decided to visit with the Sheriff for a while before he made a stop at the general store. If there wasn’t a letter from his pa this month, he just didn’t know how he would handle it. However hard it would be for him, he knew it would be much worse for his ma. He was more concerned for her feelings and well-being than he was for himself.
It was around noon when Tom rolled into town. There was a good chill in the air, so the Sheriff was sitting in his office huddled around the old potbellied stove. He had a rocking chair sitting beside the stove, and when the weather turned cold that was most likely where he could be found.
Tom knocked on the door. He knew it was a public building, but his parents had always taught him to knock before you walked in anywhere. The only place he didn’t knock was the general store and the gunsmith’s store. That was because they were a business, and he figured they would be confused if he knocked.
“Come on in, it’s open.”
“Good evening Sheriff.”
“Well, hello there Tom. Looks like you’re doing well. I swear son, you get bigger every time I see you.”
“I guess the hard work is doing it. Could be ma’s good cooking too.”
“You might have a point there. I’ve had some of her cooking, and I can’t say I’ve tasted any better.”
“So how’s the law business treating you?”
“Same as always. With most of the men gone off to war it’s quieter than usual around town. Sometimes I feel like their overpaying me here lately.”
“I don’t reckon you want to take a cut in pay though.”
“Oh, I wouldn’t go that far. I figure I’m making up for all the work I had to do before. I always felt underpaid, so maybe now I’m breaking even. It’ll all go back to normal when the men get back home.”
“Yeah, I reckon it will. I wonder if the war will change the men who have had to fight?”
“I imagine it will. With all they have seen and done I don’t hardly see how it couldn’t affect them somehow. I reckon it won’t bother some of them, but most of them I figure it will.”
“I figure my pa will need some time to get over it.”
“Speaking of your pa, have you heard from him?”
“I haven’t been to the store yet. I’m certainly hoping there is a letter this month. If there isn’t it’s going to be hard to convince myself that something isn’t wrong.”
“I know how you feel Tom, but you’ve also got to realize there’s no telling where he is, or what he is doing. I hear the fighting is getting pretty fierce. He might not have time to write, or may not be in a place where he can send a letter.”
“I found out he was on some kind of special detail. I don’t know what it is, or where.”
“That could be why he hasn’t written. If he is on some kind of secret detail the army may not let him send out any letters. The army can be very secretive when they want to be.”
“All I know is, I sure would feel better to hear something from him.”
“You’ve just got to keep your spirits up. If something had happened to him the army would’ve sent you a letter.”
“Do they really do that?”
“There’s been a few families in the area that have received letters from the army. They usually only write if someone has been killed in action. As long as you don’t hear from the army, you can be pretty sure your pa is still alive and well.”
“That helps a little I reckon. I didn’t know they would let you know if someone got killed.”
“They do their best to let the family know as soon as they can. I reckon it might take a little while for them to sort through all the casualties, but they would let you know.”
“That’ll help my ma too, I don’t think she knew that either. Neither of us knows much about how the army operates. All I know is what I have read in history books, and what my pa has told us in his letters. Of course, he hasn’t talked much about what he was going through as far as the war goes.”
“Don’t you worry son. I’m sure your pa will come riding back before you know it. I don’t think he would let anything keep him away from his family.”
“I sure hope not. I knew I would miss him, but I never imagined just how much. Nothing seems the same around the farm with pa not there.”
“When he comes home it’ll take you a while to get used to him being there again.”
“I hadn’t thought of that. I reckon you’re right. He’s been gone so long, it will seem strange to have him around again. Thanks Sheriff, you’ve helped me feel a little better.”
“Glad I could help.”
“Well, I reckon I better get going. I didn’t even stop and see the gunsmith’s last month. I reckon I need to drop in so he won’t think I’ve run off somewhere.”
“I’ll see you next month Tom.”
“You can count on it Sheriff.”
Tom made a short visit to the gunsmith’s store. He really wasn’t too interested in looking at the firearms for some reason. There were so many different things going through his mind. He carried on a short conversation with the gunsmith, then made his way to the general store. He didn’t have a lot of things on his list this month. It seemed as time went on he and his ma were learning how to conserve more and more. They were making use of everything they had on hand, and reusing anything they could.
After finishing picking up his supplies he paid the store keeper. While the lady went into the back to look for any mail for the Richards he went ahead and loaded the supplies on the wagon. By the time he returned inside she was waiting behind the counter.
“I’m sorry Tom, there’s nothing again this month.”
Tom’s mind began to run a thousand miles an hour. He couldn’t help but think something had happened to his pa. As he was thinking, he remembered what the Sheriff had told him. It could be that no news was good news. Since there was no letter from the army, it could be that his pa was doing fine. He had to hold on to anything that would keep him from worrying so much. It wasn’t much to hold on to, but it beat nothing. At this point, anything helped.
Once again, on the way home, he dreaded telling his ma that there was no news from her husband. He could tell her what the Sheriff had said, but he didn’t know how much that would help her. It had helped him a little, but really not that much. In his mind he could see his pa laying somewhere dead. There was always the possibility that the army didn’t know where he was. From some of the pictures he had seen of battlefields, he wondered how you could ever figure out who all was out there. Tears streamed down his cheeks as he thought about all the possibilities. He knew he had to get that out of his system before he got home. He had to be strong for his ma, because he knew how she was going to take the news.
As he expected, Becky broke down in tears when he told her there was no letter. He laid his arm around her shoulder, hoping to comfort her as much as possible. He knew her heart was broken, and her mind was sick with worry. All he could do was be there for her if she needed him. He was quickly learning that being a man was hard work. Being strong when you felt like breaking down yourself was difficult, but he was learning. He would always try to wait until he was alone to deal with his emotions. He didn’t feel like his ma needed to see him break down. That would only make her feel worse. One of the last things his pa had told him was to see after his ma, and he was doing the best that he knew how.

****
Chapter 15
Tom continued hunting almost every day. He had already taken all the deer he needed for the season, now he was looking to shoot a few wild boar. He liked to have at least two of those in the smokehouse. Not only did it provide the family with bacon, ham, lard, and many other pieces of meat, it also meant the farm hogs were safe for another season. Every few years one of the hogs had to be butchered, and another bought to replace it. There was a hog farm on the other side of Cranston where the Richards always bought their baby pigs. After three or four years the hog would be butchered for meat, and a new pig purchased to replace it.
It was easier for Tom to shoot the wild boars than it was to butcher a hog he had raised and took care of for a few years. After having them for a while, he almost felt as if they were his pets. Unfortunately, that was just the way things were done. The family had to eat, and the animals would only grow old and die anyway, leaving them useless. The survival of the fittest was kind of an unspoken code in the hard reality of life. Tom knew the animal kingdom observed the same code. Only the strong survived, and the weaker animals turned out to be food to sustain the stronger. Predator and prey was the way of things.
By the middle of January Tom had shot the two wild boars he was hoping to get. He loved bacon on his plate for breakfast, and his ma could make a ham that would melt in your mouth. Almost every part of a hog was used either for food or lard. Very little went to waste. Even the feet were pickled to be enjoyed later. Becky often scrambled the hog brains in with eggs. That really added to the filling ability of breakfast.
Tom had pretty much brought in all the game he needed for the season. He continued going into the woods every day, even though he didn’t intend to shoot anything. There was something about sitting in the woods admiring nature that helped calm his mind. He often thought of the tales he had heard about mountain men. It had crossed his mind many times that he might enjoy that lifestyle. The only thing he wasn’t sure of was the fact that those men spent their lives alone. He wasn’t sure he would be able to deal with that. Even though he didn’t have that much contact with people, he did enjoy their company. He always had his ma, and his friend Mason just a short ways away. Then there was the Sheriff, and the gunsmith. Even though his family were the most important people in his life, he did enjoy being able to mingle with others when he had the chance. Being alone year after year would be a tough thing to handle.
There was a special oak tree near the creek that Tom enjoyed sitting under when he wanted to be alone with his thoughts. He had solved countless numbers of problems in that spot. If only he could figure a way to solve the problem he was facing now. As far as he could figure, their simply was no solution. The only way this one would get any better was if he heard from his pa. That would take a lot of pressure off his mind, and he knew it would lift his ma’s spirits considerably. He couldn’t even begin to imagine how much time he had spent over the years sitting under this tree, watching the creek slowly gurgle along just a short distance away. Many times he had even caught a quick nap there. Living and working on a farm it wasn’t hard to fall asleep if you had a chance. It seemed his body was always tired, and the work never ending. He thought someday he might build a house for himself close to this old tree. It would make a beautiful spot for a cabin.
As much as he dreaded it, he had to make his way into Cranston. There were a few things that were running low on the farm, and he had to go purchase them. His ma would need some sugar before long, and he didn’t want her to run out. He hitched the horses to the wagon and began making his way along the path that led from their cabin to town. Normally, he would have the horses moving at a steady gate, but today he was satisfied just letting them walk at their own pace. He starred at the dust twirling up around their hooves, trying to keep his mind still as best he could. 
It was a cold day, and Tom had caught a chill on the ride. He decided to visit with the Sheriff first, and share that potbellied stove for a little while. He could also use a cup of hot coffee. Tom knew the Sheriff always had a pot sitting on the stove. He knocked on the door as he always did.
“Come on in Tom.”
“How’d you know it was me Sheriff?”
“I saw you through the window. It’s a might cold out there ain’t it.”
“It’s a little cool. I reckon I could stand to share that stove with you for a minute or two.”
“Pour yourself a cup of coffee. It’ll warm your insides up.”
“Thanks Sheriff, don’t mind if I do. Coffee’s not my first drink of choice, but on a day like this it seems like a good idea.”
“How’d you make out hunting this year?”
“Best season yet. I’ve got the pelts on the wagon. I look to get more this year than I ever have.”
“That sounds good. I’m glad to hear you’re doing so well out there. You’ve done a fine job with that farm Tom.”
“I’m just doing what I believe my pa would want me to do. I know he wouldn’t want me and ma worrying about him, but that is almost impossible. It was hard enough when he was writing regular, but now that we haven’t heard from him it’s hard not to worry.”
“I know what you mean. I reckon I can’t blame you for being worried. I wish there was something I could say that would help, but all I can tell you is to be patient. I know that doesn’t help, but I don’t know what else to say.”
“I appreciate it Sheriff. I’m just glad that we are friends. At least that gives me something to look forward to every month.”
“As long as I’m here, you’ve got a friend Tom.”
“Thanks Sheriff, that means a lot to me. I know I haven’t said anything about it recently, but I’m still considering what we talked about.”
“You mean about being a deputy?”
“Yes sir. I’m pretty sure that’s what I want to do. At least, I want to give it a try.”
“It won’t be much longer until you’re old enough. I just want you to be sure before you get into it. You also need to talk it over with your folks. They may not want you to be a lawman.”
“They probably won’t cotton to the idea much, but I think they will support me in whatever I want to do.”
“I’m sure they will at that.”
“Anyway, I intend to sit my pa down when he gets home and have a discussion about it. If I can convince him that is what I want to do, he will be able to help with ma. I know she is going to have a fit.”
“Do you think your folks will be disappointed when they find out you don’t want to be a farmer?”
“I’m sure they will, but I plan to still help out around the farm.”
“I reckon a man has to do what he thinks is best. If you don’t want to be a farmer, you won’t ever be happy doing it. Who knows, you may find you don’t want to be a lawman after all.”
“That could be, but I’ve got to give it a try. If I don’t, I’ll never know for sure.”
“That’s one way to look at it. Well, like I said, I’d be proud to be the one to give you a chance. We’ll discuss as much about the job as we can between now and then. By the time you turn eighteen, you should be ready to put on the badge. At least you won’t be going into the job blind. You’ll know what it consist of, and what is expected of you.”
“I sure am obliged for your confidence in me Sheriff. You just don’t know how much that means to me.”
“I’ve got all the faith in the world in you Tom. I’ve seen you grow up, and I know what you are capable of accomplishing. I haven’t seen you fail at anything you set your mind to.”
“I don’t like to fail. My pa always said if I did my best that was all I could do. It doesn’t matter what I have to do, I always give it my best.”
“That’s a mighty fine attitude son. The way I figure it, if a man does his best, what else can you ask of him?”
“Well Sheriff, I reckon I better get moving. I’m going to stop at the gunsmith’s for a minute, then I’ve got to sell my pelts and pick up some supplies. Ma will be expecting me back before too long.”
“I’ll see you next time then.”
“I’ll be looking forward to it.”
Tom made his way to the gunsmith’s store. He wasn’t in much of a looking mood today, but he hated to miss his chance. Since he only came into town once a month it was hard for him to let the opportunity slip by. He quickly looked over the firearms on display, and said a few words to the gunsmith. He knew he needed to get on over to the general store. He had quite a bit of business to tend to there. First, he would have to carry in his pelts and get them sold, then buy the supplies on his list.
Much to Tom’s surprise, his pelts brought one hundred and thirty dollars. That meant he would get thirteen dollars to put in his savings jar. His ma had also given him some of the money from the crops. The way he had it figured, he had around thirty dollars in his savings. As far as he was concerned he was rich. He had often told the gunsmith that someday he would make a purchase, and now he actually had enough money saved to make that happen. He knew however, that he would have to talk that over with his folks. He figured both of them would object to him spending his money on a firearm. His pa would probably tell him he already had a rifle, but that didn’t keep him from daydreaming about it anyway.
After selling his pelts he picked up the supplies on his list. He laid them on the counter and waited for the store lady to figure up how much he owed her. Again there was no letter from Joe. Tom’s heart sank.
The more time passed, the more concerned Tom and his ma became about Joe’s well-being. It was almost for sure now that something wasn’t right. Tom couldn’t be sure if his pa was just on a secret mission, or if something had happened to him. His mind was leaning more toward something having happened to his pa. It was hard to believe Joe would not have found some way to get a letter through if he were able.
 “Ma, there was nothing again. I don’t know how else to tell you. I wish I had some better news, but all I can do is tell you the truth.”
Without saying a word his ma began helping him carry the supplies into the house. He knew there were tears streaming down her face, because she avoided looking at him. When the wagon was unloaded he proceeded to the barn to put away the wagon and feed the horses. Although the barn was some thirty yards from the cabin he could hear his ma sobbing. He was hurting way down deep himself, so that made it hard to try and make his ma feel better. He knew words meant very little to either of them right now. The only thing that would make the situation any better would be to hear from Joe, and it didn’t appear that was going to happen.
He worked around in the barn for a little while to give his ma time to get a hold of herself. He knew her well enough to know she wouldn’t want him to see her break down like that. She could usually regain her composure fairly quickly, so he decided to give her a little time alone. Tom knew that sometimes he just wanted to be alone with his thoughts, and figured his ma felt the same way.
Tom did a lot of thinking while he was in the barn. For the past several months he and his ma had avoided talking about his pa very much. He wondered if maybe that was the wrong thing to do. Maybe it would be better if they shared how they felt, and what their concerns and worries were. He didn’t know if his ma would go along with that, but he intended to discuss the matter with her. It was possible talking about the situation would help ease some of the stress. Not talking about it much didn’t seem to be working very well. All that did was make your mind worry and think up things on its own.
He finally decided she should have had enough time to regain control of herself. Besides, he was ready to get next to the fire and warm up. He had been out in the cold most of the day, and he was chilled to the bone.
His ma was in the kitchen preparing supper when he finally went in. He took off his coat and hung it by the door, then made his way to the fireplace. The roaring fire felt good against his back. In a few minutes his backside was warm as toast, so he turned around to warm his front. He figured after he warmed up he would go into the kitchen and talk to his ma about his knew idea. She might not agree, but at least he could discuss it with her. That was one good thing about the Richards family, no topic was off limits for discussion. Tom had always been able to talk to his parents about anything. He was thankful for that fact because he knew a lot of young men his age who couldn’t talk to their parents about things that bothered them. His ma and pa always seemed interested in the things that were on his mind, and never failed to take time to listen.
He went into the kitchen and sat down at the table. After taking a few minutes to get his words together, he decided to start the discussion.
“Ma, I’ve been wondering about something. I’d like to talk to you about it if you don’t mind.”
“Sure Tom, you know I’m always ready to listen when you need to talk.”
“Since we haven’t been hearing from pa we have sort of avoided talking about him much. I try to hide how I feel, and I think you do the same. I was wondering if maybe it would help if we talked to each other about what we were feeling. I mean, I worry about pa all the time, and I know you do too, but we don’t mention it.”
“I’ve never liked to put my worries off on you Tom.”
“Maybe that’s where we’ve made a mistake. I’m getting older now, and I pretty much know what you are feeling anyway. I know you and pa have always tried to keep adult worries away from me, but since pa has been away I have had to pretty much become a man in many ways. Maybe it’s time I start learning to handle adult things.”
“You may be right. I realize you’ve had to step up and fill your pa’s shoes. You have grown so much in the last couple of years. I have seen so many changes taking place in you. I must say I’m proud of the young man you have become. You have taken on the responsibilities of a man, and I suppose you deserve to be treated like one. Maybe you are right, maybe it would help if we shared our concerns with each other. I know sometimes I feel like I just need to talk to someone, and I’m sure you feel the same way. Since we are both concerned about the same things, I don’t know of anyone better to talk to about it than each other.”
“I think maybe it would help. Sometimes when I’m in woods sitting under the tree I talk to the animals. I know that sounds silly, but sometimes I just need to get things off my chest. I was just thinking on the way home from town that maybe talking this out might help.”
“I just didn’t want to lay my burdens on your shoulders. I guess I have underestimated you son. You are more of a man than I even realized.”
“I haven’t really had much of a choice. I have had to do a lot of growing up since pa left.”
“You sure have, and I’m proud of you. I really wish all this hadn’t happened. I feel like some of your childhood was taken away.”
“Well, I had to grow up sometime. Besides, it’s not like we had a choice in the matter. As pa always said, sometimes things just happen that are beyond our control.”
“He truly believed that Tom, and he was right. There are so many things in this world that we have no control over at all.”
“If I could I would go and bring pa home right now, but I wouldn’t even know where to start looking.”
“We just need to keep praying and trusting the Lord to bring him back to us. We can’t give up. I’m not giving up until we get confirmation that he isn’t coming home. Until then, I’m expecting to hear from him at any time.”
“I think that is the attitude we should take. According to what Sheriff Tatum said, the army would notify us if something had happened to pa. Since we haven’t heard anything that could be a good sign.”
“I suppose we just need to hang on to that hope and be patient.”
“Being patient is the hardest part of it all. It’s hard not to worry.”
“I know Tom, I wish I had the remedy for worry.”
“If we did we could take over the world I reckon.”
“I suppose you’re right. I know we’re not supposed to worry, but that is something just about everybody is guilty of from time to time. It seems like the harder you try not to worry, the worse it gets.”
“I know that is my problem. The more I try to get it off my mind the more I think about it.”
“I tell you what Tom, from now on I promise not to try and hide my concerns from you. You are almost an adult, and as far as I can see you are as mature as any man I have ever known. I suppose it’s time you started learning how to deal with adult situations.”
“Thanks ma. Maybe I won’t be able to handle things like I should, but I won’t learn until I try. At least I will have you to help me if I have problems.”
Both of them felt as if a weight had been lifted from their shoulders. There were so many times that Tom felt he needed someone to share his concerns about his pa with, but he had not wanted to burden his ma. She had felt the same way, she wanted to talk, but didn’t want to lay the weight on Tom’s shoulders. Now they felt like they could freely talk to each other. Maybe that would help them work through some of their worries and concerns. Sometimes it helped just to get something off your chest.
The rest of the month seemed to drag by on the farm. Tom had done all the hunting he needed to do for year, and the weather had turned extremely cold. He wasn’t even going to sit under his favorite tree very often. Most of his time was spent helping his ma around the house, or taking care of the animals. He had taken this time to brush up on some cooking skills from the best cook he knew. Someday he figured he would have to rely on his own cooking, and he knew his ma could teach him how to cook food the way he liked it. He didn’t figure he would ever be as good as she was, but at least he wouldn’t have to go hungry. A lot of men he knew weren’t very good cooks, and he didn’t want to have to depend on someone to feed him all his life. If he married someday that would be different, but if he decided not to marry he wanted to be able to put good food on the table. 
He had been learning to cook since he was a little boy. Every spare minute he had was spent in the kitchen watching and learning. There was very little that he didn’t know how to prepare, he just needed the practice to perfect his cooking to match his ma’s as close as possible. He was confident that he could cook good enough to survive if he had to depend on his own ability. He had known how to salt, smoke, dry, and make jerky out of meat for a long time. He knew how to care for animals, and grow his own vegetables. There was no doubt in his mind that he could survive on his own if the time ever came where he had to do so. He thought about marriage from time to time, but he didn’t intend to worry about that for a long time. He intended to spend some time alone and get his life on the track he wanted to be on before he considered looking for a wife. Right now he wasn’t even sure he ever wanted to get married. Of course, he was still young yet. He had plenty of time to think of a family after he got his life going. He didn’t want to think about that until he figured out what he wanted to do for the rest of his life.

****
Chapter 16
Tom always went out right after breakfast to check his traps down by the creek. Even though he had pretty much finished hunting for the season, he still kept his traps set. It had been several weeks since he had found anything in them. During the winter months there was always a damp fog close to the creek, and he thought it was almost magical. He enjoyed walking along the creek bank in the fog. Many times he would imagine he was off in some far distant land exploring new territories. As he got older it was harder for him to think of such things, but now anything that would take his mind off his pa was worth trying.
February proved to be just as cold as January had been, if not even more so. There had been several rounds of snow on the ground this winter. For some strange reason he was even looking forward to the spring. Although he knew the hard work would start then, he was getting awful tired of all this freezing weather and snow. The cabin stayed nice and toasty, but there was always things outside that needed tending to. He had to keep the ice broken up in the animals watering troughs, and that was getting old. Luckily the hens sat on their nest, which kept the eggs from freezing. The fire in the smokehouse had to be kept going to make sure the meat didn’t freeze. 
It had been almost two years since Joe left for the war. As Tom walked along the creek he thought back to the day he and Mason had watched as the men boarded the train. A tear rolled down his cheek as he remembered waving goodbye as the train pulled away from the station. It had broken his heart to see his pa leaving. He didn’t know which bothered him the most, watching his pa leave, or not hearing from him for so long. At least when he saw him on the train he knew that his pa was alive and well. Now, with no letters coming in, he had no way of knowing, and that was eating at his very being. He couldn’t even imagine what life would be like if his pa didn’t return. He had thought about the possibility along the way, but now it seemed much more of a probability. The more time passed, the more he began to feel like something was wrong. Three months had passed without a letter, and it wouldn’t be long before he made his supply run again. He almost wasn’t expecting a letter this time for some reason.
He was surprised to find a big fat beaver in one of his traps. The beaver had been caught by the neck, which had killed it instantly. Tom was glad of that fact. If an animal were trapped alive he would shoot it and put it out of any further pain. He removed the beaver, and reset the trap. There was a tree not far from the house where he would hang his game and skin it. He often wished there was something he could use the beaver meat for, but unfortunately he couldn’t think of anything. Normally he would skin it, then leave the carcass for other animals to feed on. He figured at least that way it wouldn’t go to waste.
He tied the beaver to a low hanging limb of the tree and began the chore of removing the hide. Tom had done this process so many times in his life he could probably do it with his eyes closed. Over the years he had become very handy with a hunting knife. His pa had taught him how to clean and prepare game as soon as he was old enough to handle a knife. Hunting and preparing game was almost second nature to him. He finished skinning the beaver and went to hang the hide on the side of the barn to dry. After that was done he would take the carcass back to the woods so that predators could find it and have a meal.
He decided to take a little walk in the woods while he was there. A little time in his favorite place in the world might help to clear his thoughts. There was one thing for sure, his head was running over with thoughts. His confidence in running the farm had grown to the point he didn’t worry as much about that anymore. The only thing he had to worry about was how the weather would cooperate. As long as the weather was good, he knew he could turn a good crop. Last year he had done it all on his own and it had been one of the best seasons ever. Tom was proud of himself for accomplishing that. He was also glad he had planted wheat so that the family could have their own flour ground. That had saved some money along the way. He wondered at first why his pa had never thought of that, but after growing and cutting the wheat he figured his pa didn’t want the extra work. He had probably figured the extra work wasn’t worth the few dollars it saved. Tom figured as long as he could save some money he didn’t mind the extra labor.
After walking in the woods for a few hours, and sitting under his favorite tree for a while, he decided it must be getting on toward lunch time. His stomach was telling him it was definitely time to get a bite to eat. He headed back toward the cabin. He could smell his ma’s cooking well before he got inside.
“What’s for lunch ma?”
“I’ve got some good hot soup cooking. I thought it would go well on a cold day like this.”
“Anything would go good right about now. I’m starving.”
“So what’s new?”
“I reckon you already knew that huh?”
“You’re always starving. I swear, sometimes I think you have a hollow leg. You eat more than you’re pa.”
“I’m a growing boy ma. I need to eat a lot so I will be big and strong someday.”
“You’re already big and strong. I think you just like to eat.”
“You shouldn’t be such a good cook.”
“Thanks, but I don’t think that is the only reason you like to eat.”
“Maybe not, but I might eat less if you weren’t such a good cook.”
“If you’ll get us some bowls the soup’s ready.”
Tom went to the cupboard and grabbed a couple of bowls and spoons. His ma filled each bowl and cut them a piece of cornbread to go with it. They sat down at the table, and after giving thanks, Tom began to dig in. For some reason he had always been a fast eater. His folks had often told him to slow down and he might actually taste his food. He couldn’t help himself. His ma was right, he did love to eat.
After finishing their meal and doing the dishes Tom headed up to his room to straighten up a bit. His ma always made him clean his room, and he also had to help with the household chores during the winter when he had a little more time. During the farming season he stayed busy in the fields most of the time, but come winter his ma expected some help in the house.
As best he could figure by the position of the sun it was getting on toward four o’clock in the afternoon. He had finished his cleaning, and other chores. His ma was in the kitchen starting to work on supper. He decided he could sit on the porch for a little while and just enjoy the sunshine, even though it was cold. He put on his deerskin coat that his ma had made and took a seat. He looked over the fields, which seemed bare during the winter time. In the spring and summer they would be full of crops, but now they were empty, with nothing but brown grass that had been killed by the cold weather. The way things changed through the seasons had always amazed him. The leaves would turn beautiful colors, and then fall off the trees. The green grass would turn brown and wither. All the blooms would disappear off the flowers. Then spring would come, and everything would come right back to life as if nothing had happened. Tom loved everything about nature. There was so much about it he didn’t understand, but he had a deep appreciation for all things pertaining to it.
He was sitting there thinking about all these things, his mind a million miles away, when he heard something. He looked out across the fields and saw what he thought to be a wagon making its way from the north. Tom jumped up and ran to the door.
“Ma, looks like a wagon’s coming from the north. Are we expecting visitors?”
“Not that I know of son. It wouldn’t be my folks I don’t think. They only come on the Sundays when my father preaches at the church.”
“Who do you reckon it could be?”
“I don’t know. Maybe you best have the rifle handy just in case.”
Tom got the rifle down from the antlers he used for a gun rack and stood it by the door. He watched carefully as the wagon drew closer to the cabin. He could make out two people aboard, but couldn’t tell who they were. They were still at a great enough distant he couldn’t tell if it were men or women on the wagon. He began to get a little nervous as the wagon continued heading straight for the cabin. What if it were someone meaning to do them harm? He knew he would have to protect himself and his ma. The wagon had two people on board, and his rifle only had one shot. He knew if they were up to no good he would only have time to get one of them. The other would be able to shoot him before he could reload.
He continued watching as the wagon got closer and closer, straining his eyes trying to see if he could make out who the people were. Finally, he could see that it was two men on board. This worried him even more. He thought about what the sheriff had said about men taking advantage of a town while the menfolk were away at war. What if these men knew his pa wasn’t home, and intended to rob them, or something worse. He was sure word had spread around Cranston that their farm was doing well, and someone might think it would be easy to take what money they had from them.
The men on the wagon didn’t seem to be in any hurry. The horses were ambling along at a very slow walk. If they meant harm, Tom couldn’t figure why they would give him so much time to prepare for their arrival. Maybe it was someone he knew. Since the only people that ever came to the Richards’ farm were the Asher’s and Becky’s parents, that was highly unlikely. If only he could just make out one of them. All he could do for the moment was wait until the wagon got close enough to see who was on it. He kept his hand on his rifle all the while. If need be, he could get off a shot before they were too close. This would give him a little more time to reload and be ready if the second man continued coming.
All of the sudden, through strained eyes he began to be able to make out the face of the man driving the team. He had never seen him before, and that raised his anxiety level even more. Then he focused on the other man. It couldn’t be, he thought it his mind. He blinked his eyes several times to make sure he was seeing clear. He couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The second man on the wagon was now recognizable, but Tom still couldn’t believe his own eyes. It was impossible. His eyes must be playing tricks on him.
“Ma, come quick.”
“What’s the matter Tom?”
“It’s pa. Pa’s one of the men on the wagon.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes ma’am. I don’t believe it either, but it’s pa all right.”
The two of them ran to the porch and awaited the wagons arrival. Tears began to stream down both their cheeks. Tom knew he had to get a hold of himself. His pa wouldn’t want to see his son crying. He had told him to be strong, but right now there were so many emotions running through him he just couldn’t hold it in any longer.
It seemed as if it were taking forever for the wagon to cover the last thirty yards or so to the cabin. Tom’s patience ran out and he went to meet the wagon. He couldn’t wait any longer to see his pa up close. He still couldn’t believe that he was actually home.
“Pa, is the war over?”
“It is for me son.”
“What do you mean?”
“Let’s get to the house and unload my belongings first, then I’ll tell you and your ma all about it.”
Tom walked along with the wagon until they reached the cabin. He was still having trouble believing his pa was actually there right before his eyes. He couldn’t help wonder if he were just dreaming, and would wake up any moment and realize it wasn’t real at all.
“Tom, if you’ll give me a hand getting down and grab my bag out of the back, this fellow can be on his way. By the way, this is Mr. Hanshaw. He was kind enough to give me a ride from Berryton. He was headed this way on some business, so our place wasn’t much out of his way.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Tom said.
“Thank you for bringing my husband home,” Becky added.
As soon as Joe was off the wagon and his bag retrieved, the man waved farewell as he drove on toward the south. Tom could hardly wait to hear why his pa had come home if the war wasn’t over. He knew something had happened, but couldn’t imagine what it could be. He also wondered why his pa had asked for help getting off the wagon. He noticed as Joe walked toward the porch that he had a cane, and seemed to be walking with a limp. He was positive now that something bad had happened.
“Bring my bag on inside son. I’m chilled to the bone. I hope you’ve got a good fire going in the fireplace.”
“I have pa. Ma’s also got the stove going, so it should be toasty warm in the house.”
“That’s sounds good. I couldn’t tell you how much I’ve missed this old place.”
“Come on inside honey. I’ll get you a cup of coffee to help warm up your insides.”
“That would be wonderful. I haven’t had a good cup of coffee since I left. As a matter of fact, I haven’t had a decent meal since then either.”
“Well, you can count on one tonight. I wish I had known you were coming, I would have prepared something special.”
“Anything you have will be something special. I have had enough hard tack to last me a lifetime. If I never see that stuff again it will be much too soon.”
“All I have is some rabbit stew with biscuits. If you would like I could cook up something else.”
“Rabbit stew sounds fine with me. I can’t wait to get a hold of one of your hot meals. I never realized how much I would miss your cooking until I didn’t have it. To tell you the truth, missing my family is about the hardest thing I have ever tried to deal with.”
“We have missed you too. You just don’t know how empty this farm has felt without you.”
“Yeah pa, it seemed like nothing was the same.”
“I hear tell you’ve done quite a job with the farm son.”
“I’ve done my best pa.”
“That’s all I could ask of you son. From what your ma says you have done much better than I could have expected.”
“Joe, you won’t believe it, but our savings jar is almost full. It won’t be long before we have to start another one.”
“I like the sound of that. It sounds like the two of you really don’t need me around here much.”
“Now pa, don’t you even think about that. I’ll chain you to a tree if I have to before I’ll let you leave again.”
All three had a good laugh at Tom’s remark. It had been a long time since laughter had come so easily in the Richards’ home. In fact, Tom and Becky couldn’t remember the last time they had really laughed at anything. It was amazing how relieved both of them were to have Joe home. Tom could hardly wait to hear the reason that had brought him there.
“How come you came home early pa?”
“Let’s wait until after we eat supper and then I’ll tell you all about it. I can’t stop thinking about that rabbit stew and biscuits right now.”
“I can’t blame you for that pa. You know I am always ready to eat.”
“Seems like not much has changed since I’ve been away. I couldn’t help but notice how much you’ve grown since I left. You are going to be much of a man if you keep going.”
“I guess hard work and good food is good for growing big and strong.”
“That boy of yours would eat us out of house and home if I would let him,” Becky said.
“He’s a growing boy Becky. Besides, with a ma who can cook like you, any boy would eat like a hog.”
“It’s so good to have you home Joe. I can’t tell you how much I have missed you.”
“You and Tom have been the only thing that has kept me going. I kept thinking any day the war would end, and I could be with my family again. If I can help it I will never leave again until the Lord calls me home.”
“Hopefully that won’t be anytime soon.”
“I plan to stick around and make sure Tom grows up to be a good man.”
“You’ll be surprised at how much he has already matured since you’ve been gone. It’s hard to think of him as our little boy anymore. He is already more like a man. I have been amazed at how well he has done with the farm.”
“I knew he could handle it if he set his mind to it.”
“Pa, I even planted some wheat last season. I had Mason grind it into flour, and that saved us a lot of money. I was wondering why you never did that.”
“I just didn’t think it would be worth the extra work. I reckon I must have been wrong. It seems like you are better at making decision than I am.”
“I wouldn’t go that far pa. I just had an idea, and it happened to pay off. I have just tried to save as much as I could for hard times. I wanted to have something for ma to put away before you got home. I didn’t want you to come back with nothing to come back to.”
“It sounds like you have out done me Tom. I reckon I better step up or you’ll make me look bad.”
“You know I would never do that pa.”
“All right you two, enough jawing, supper is ready.”
“You just said the magic words. I can’t wait to put some good food in my mouth. I can’t tell you the last time I actually enjoyed sitting down to a meal.”
The three of them sat at the table together for the first time in almost two years. It seemed strange to have Joe give thanks. It had been so long since Tom had heard his voice. He also had noticed his pa looked different. His skin seemed more weathered, and there was something in his eyes. He could only imagine what his pa had seen and done while he was off fighting. Hopefully he would find out before long, but he knew it would probably be a touchy subject. If his pa didn’t offer information he would not ask. He was sure there were things that his pa would rather just forget.
The family swapped small talk as they ate their meal. Joe had never been one to like much talking during the time he was eating. He liked to wait until the meal was finished, then if there was something that needed discussing it would be handled. Tonight proved to be a little different because it had been so long since he and his family had a chance to actually talk face to face. Tom had always enjoyed his meals, but tonight for some reason the rabbit stew tasted especially good. He knew it was because his pa was finally back. He felt as if the weight of the world had been lifted off his shoulders. Even though his pa had only been home for a short time, the reality of it was beginning to sink in.
After finishing supper and doing the dishes the family gathered back at the table to hear what Joe had to say. Tom was anxious to hear about the war, and what had allowed his pa to return. He knew that Joe had been injured, but he didn’t know the extent, or what had actually happened. He could hardly wait to hear what his pa had to say.
“Well, I reckon you all are anxious to know what I’m doing home. I’ll tell you about that first, then we’ll talk about what has happened since I’ve been gone. I told you that I had been promoted to Sergeant. Supplies were getting shorter and shorter, and we really didn’t know a lot of details about our enemy. I was assigned a company of men and sent on a special detail. We were to find the enemy and gather as much information as we could. We had maps, and were expected to follow as long as we could and try to determine where the enemy was moving. We also gathered information about how many men were travelling with each detachment, and if possible, what their objectives were. Often this meant some of our men would have to put on a Yankee uniform and pose as a Union soldier. This was very dangerous, but sometimes it was the only way we could obtain the information we were after. We also tried to find out how the North was transporting supplies to their troops, and if possible relay the information back so that these supplies could be confiscated for our men. That was basically what our special detail consisted of for the most part. 
One afternoon in November we were following a regiment that was moving out of Kentucky into Tennessee. We kept our distance so as not to be detected. As we came to find out they were headed to meet a supply train. We marked the location on our map, figuring this was probably a regular stop that the supply train made for the Union troops. We had been out for about a month, and had gathered quite a bit of information on our enemy’s movements and activities. As Sergeant of the company I figured we had enough to take back to our regiment. We knew where the supplies were coming in, and we knew about how many enemy soldiers were in the immediate area. Our regiment was camped about thirty miles north of the Tennessee and Georgia line, maybe a little further. We were heading back, which would mean we had a lot of marching ahead of us. I reckon we couldn’t have been more than twenty miles from our regiment, maybe even less, when we ran into an ambush. The Yankees had left sharpshooters all over the place just to harass our forces. They would take a few shots, and then disappear like a ghost. We had encountered many of these little bands throughout our marches, and even sometimes they would take shots while we were encamped. This particular time though, my luck ran out. I took a shot in my side, and the bullet stopped just short of my spine. My men managed to carry me back to our regiment. I was out most of the time, so I don’t really remember anything about that. The last thing I remember was feeling a burning sensation in my side and back. Anyway, our field surgeon was able to remove the mini-ball. He said if it had travelled another half inch he wouldn’t have been able to get at it. I spent the remainder of my time in a hospital somewhere in Tennessee. I wanted to write and let the two of you know that I was alive, but according to the army I was still on special detail duty, so they wouldn’t let me send out any letters. I don’t why, but they didn’t want any of us communicating with anyone outside our company, except for commanding officers. The surgeon told me that I would probably have this limp for some time because the mini-ball had damaged some nerves. He seemed to think that eventually I might regain full use of my leg, but he couldn’t make any promises. To tell you the truth, if a limp is all I have to remind me of that day, I will forever be grateful. All I could think about was I would never see my family or my farm again. I just knew I was a goner. Anyway, to move the story along, when the army realized I wasn’t going to be able to keep up with the constant marching anymore, I reckon they decided they didn’t need me, so they gave me a discharge and here I am.”
“Are you in much pain Joe?”
“It comes and goes. For the most part it doesn’t really hurt much anymore, except when I get cold, or when it rains. The cold and wet makes my leg stiffen up.”
“Well, thank God you are alive. I wish this hadn’t happened, but I feel blessed that you are back with us.”
“I feel blessed too honey. A lot of men will never be coming home again. I tell you, I have seen all the death and destruction I ever care to see. In fact, I have seen a lot more than I wish I had ever seen.”
“I can only imagine Joe. Anyway, I’m glad to have you home.”
“Yeah, me too pa. This place is awful big for me to run by myself.”
“Well son, I may not be as spry as I used to be, but maybe I can carry my weight around here. It seems to me like you have raised the expectations. I’m going to have to step up just to keep up with you.”
“Don’t you worry about that pa. I’m just happy to have you back. You just make sure you don’t do more than you can handle. I don’t want you to hurt yourself any worse.”
“The doctors said I should be all right as long as I listen to my body. I’ll have to take it a little easier than I did before, but I intend to continue doing my share. Besides, I imagine you’re about ready for some help.”
“I can’t say I’ll deny that. I never realized just how much work went on around here until it all fell on my shoulders.”
“Well son, you’ve done an excellent job. I couldn’t be more proud of you and your ma. Actually, the two of you have made me look bad. This family has never had a jar full of money saved up before.”
“Tom has got quite a little jar of his own too Joe.”
“How much have you got now Tom?”
“I don’t know, somewhere between thirty and forty dollars I reckon.”
“Good lord son, you’re rich.”
“I wouldn’t say that, but it feels good having a little money of my own.”
“I can see you have really started thinking like a man. Money may not be everything, but it makes a lot of things much easier.”
“I’ll agree with you there pa. I’ve been daydreaming of things I’d like to spend it on, but so far I haven’t come up with much.”
“I’m sure you could think of something.”
“Well, there are a few things I’d like to have, but I reckon I like having the money better. Besides, before I go spending my savings I would rather talk it over with you and ma. I don’t want to waste my money, and I know the two of you wouldn’t let me spend it foolishly.”
“Well son, when you think of something you want, just let us know you want to talk to us. You know we are always ready to listen, no matter what you want to talk to us about. We will always help you if we can.”
“I know that pa. I really appreciate it too.”
Tom figured his pa had said about all he wanted to say for the moment about the war. He knew his pa had seen a lot of killing and destruction, and he could only imagine his pa had rather try and forget as much of that as he could. Maybe later he would talk more, but Tom didn’t think it would be polite to push him. If he had something he wanted to say he would. Tom could only imagine the pain and sorrow was still fresh in his pa’s mind, and that would take some time to get over, if he ever did. He also knew his pa was thinking about all the men that were still out there fighting, and those who would never see their homes and families again. That must be a huge load to have on your mind. He knew how he had worried about his pa, and he had not seen the things his pa had dealt with. His pa had actually had to shoot men, and see other men who had been shot. In his mind he couldn’t even begin to comprehend what that must be like.
“Tom, before I forget, if you’ll bring me my bag I brought you a little something I thought you might like.”
Tom went into the living room area and grabbed the bag Joe had brought with him. It seemed a little heavy to be just full of cloths and stuff. He imagined his pa had brought his eating utensils and other stuff home also. He sat the bag on the table in front of his pa. Joe reached in and pulled out something wrapped in a cloth and handed it to Tom. It was heavy, and had an odd shape. Tom couldn’t think of anything it could be.
“Well son, open it up.”
Tom slowly unwrapped the cloth. Not knowing if it were something delicate he didn’t want to take any chances on damaging it. At last the object came into view. It was a revolver. Tom felt his heart turn a flip in his chest. He had to be dreaming. His pa had only known how he felt about pistols for a short time before he left for the war. It made him feel special to know that his pa had paid attention, and remembered.
“Pa, I can’t believe this. I was going to talk to you and ma about letting me buy a pistol with some of the money I have been saving.”
“That there is a genuine Colt Army .44 caliber revolver. I took it from a Yankee officer who didn’t seem like he was going to need it anymore. I have had it for a while, and I figured you would enjoy it more than anyone.”
“I don’t know what to say pa.”
“Your face says it all son.”
“I can’t thank you enough.”
“Tomorrow I’ll show you how to load it. That revolver will also fire paper cartridges, which are a lot faster and easier to load. I’ll show you how to make those also. I have a couple of them that I took off the officer. I thought we would go to the gunsmith’s store and buy you a mold to make bullets for it. You’ll also need a holster so that you can carry it with you when you go hunting. It seems like you’ve got plenty of money to buy a nice one.”
“You bet pa. I’ll practice as much as I can with this thing. I want to learn to shoot it well.”
“If you shoot half as good with it as you do a rifle you’ll be a sharpshooter.”
“Thanks again pa. I’ll cherish this for the rest of my life.”
“I’m just glad I could do something nice for you. I wasn’t here for your last couple of birthdays, so late happy birthday son.”
“Thanks pa. I don’t think you could have gotten me anything that I would have liked any better.”
“I figured it might brighten you up a bit.”
Now Tom could hardly wait for the trip into Cranston. He intended to take his new revolver with him and show the sheriff and the gunsmith. He was more proud of his revolver than anything he had ever had in his life. He couldn’t wait to take it out and see how well he could shoot with it. The sheriff had told him it took a lot of practice to shoot a pistol well, but he didn’t mind. He loved shooting, and he would find the time to practice as much as he possibly could. Maybe he could even get good enough with it to use it for some of his hunting. If he could, he would have six shots instead of one before he had to reload. He would keep it clean, and well oiled. This was his first real firearm of his own, so he intended to treat it special. All he had ever had to shoot was his pa’s old rifle, and now he had a revolver to call his own. He could take it out anytime he wanted, and shoot it as much as he could afford. When he went to bed that night the Colt was on a table right beside his bed. He slept better than he had slept in a very long time.
The next day Joe showed Tom how to load and clean the revolver. He also taught him how to make the paper cartridges to help speed up the loading time. Tom was a quick learner, and in no time he could make cartridges almost as well as his pa. He also learned how to disassemble and clean the weapon. He knew black powder left a lot of residue, and in a pistol there were a lot more little cracks and crevasses for it to build up in. He intended to keep his revolver sparkling clean at all times.
He could hardly wait to buy a holster to put his pistol in. He had been telling the gunsmith that someday he would make a purchase, but he had always thought it would be a pistol. He never imagined that he would have such a nice one to buy a holster for. The revolver was a bit heavy, but Tom figured by looking at the size of the bullet that he would need the weight to control the recoil. Besides, he was a strong young man, so he had no trouble holding it steady. Now all he needed was a holster, some bullets, and plenty of powder. He would make those purchases as soon as he and his pa went to town. He was hoping that wouldn’t be long from now. The pistol might not be brand new, but it was new to him, and he couldn’t have been happier.
After about a week at home Joe had rested up enough that he was ready to go with Tom into town and let him show everyone his new pride and joy. He knew his son could hardly wait to show off his new piece of hardware, and buy the things he needed to go along with it. Tom quickly had the wagon hitched up and ready to go. He only hoped the gunsmith would have a holster to fit his revolver. Surely he would have something he could use.
Tom held the Colt carefully in his lap on the ride into town. From the way he was treating it one would think it was a baby. This was the first real luxury item he had ever owned. Most of what the family purchased or acquired was because it was a need. This was something he only dreamed of, not thinking he would be holding his very own pistol this soon. He couldn’t wait to see what the sheriff had to say.
It seemed it took forever to make the short trip into Cranston. Tom was so anxious to show off his new piece of hardware. He remembered the times he had held the sheriff’s pistol, and the ones in the gunsmith’s store. Now he was holding his very own revolver. He felt like he was on top of the world and nothing could bring him down. His pa was home, and he had his pistol. Things just couldn’t get any better.
When they finally made it to town Joe told Tom to go ahead and show the sheriff his pistol. He said he would gather the supplies he needed and then meet him at the office so they could go to the gunsmith’s store together and pick out a holster and a bullet mold. Tom was off the wagon and on his way by the time his pa had finished speaking.
Since it was still cold the sheriff was in his office sitting by the stove. For the first time, Tom was so excited he forgot to knock. He swung the door wide and walked in.
“Hey Sheriff Tatum.”
“Hello there Tom.”
“You won’t believe what I have to tell you and show you. My pa came back last week. He got shot and the army let him come home.”
“I’m sorry to hear that Tom.”
“He’s going to be o.k. He just has a limp. This is what I wanted to show you.”
Tom quickly unwrapped his firearm and handed it to the sheriff for his inspection. Sheriff Tatum checked to make sure the pistol wasn’t loaded, then proceeded to look it over. He held it out as if he were aiming at something, then pulled the hammer back to check the action. After slowly lowering it again he handed the pistol back to Tom.
“You’ve got yourself a real cannon there son. That’s a .44 caliber Colt Army. That thing will blow a hole you could stick your fist in.”
“My pa brought it back. He said he got it off a Yankee officer that wouldn’t be needing it anymore.”
“You’re a lucky young man. I know you’ve had your mind set on a pistol since the first time I let you hold mine. Your face told the whole story. I could see you daydreaming the whole time you had it in your hands.”
“That’s a fact Sheriff. I didn’t expect to get one until I was grown though. I’ve been saving my money, and someday I intended to buy one of my own. I never expected to have it this soon.”
“Well, are you ready to start learning to shoot it.”
“As soon as pa finishes buying supplies we are heading to the gunsmith’s. I’ve got to buy a holster and a bullet mold. As soon as I can I plan to start shooting it as much as possible.”
“You be careful with that thing son. It’s a lot easier to shoot yourself with a pistol than it is with a rifle.”
“Don’t worry Sheriff, I’m always careful with a weapon.”
“I can imagine you are. You’ve been shooting since you could walk almost. I reckon you ought to know your way around a weapon.”
Tom and the Sheriff sat around and talked for a little while longer. Most of the conversation revolved around the pistol, but Tom also continued asking questions about being a lawman. As usual, the Sheriff kept trying to talk him out of it, but his mind was made up. If he didn’t like it he could always quit and go back to farming.
After a while Joe came walking into the office.
“Are you about ready to go get a holster?”
“Yes sir, more than ready.”
“How are you Sheriff?”
“Can’t complain I reckon. How about you? I heard you took a piece of lead.”
“I’m doing pretty good considering. I did take a hit, but the doctors took care of me all right I reckon. They say this limp will probably go away after a while. It really doesn’t matter that much, I’m just glad to be alive and back home with my family.”
“I can understand that.”
“Well Sheriff, I reckon we best be going. I know that money is burning a hole in Tom’s pocket.”
“Be seeing you next month.”
“You know I’ll be here,” Tom said.
“See you Sheriff,” Joe added.
The two of them made their way to the gunsmith’s shop. Tom laid his pistol on the counter for the gunsmith to have a look at.
“My, my, what do we have here?”
“My pa brought it for me.”
“I’d say you are one lucky fellow then.”
“I think so. I was hoping you had a holster that would fit it.”
“I’ve got three that will fit it. One is just plain leather, one is a little fancier, and the other is real fancy. Each has a different price of course. The more leather work involved, the more I have to charge.”
“I can understand that. Could I have a look at them?”
“Of course you can.”
Tom looked each one over carefully. He asked his pa for advice on which one to buy. Joe told him it was his holster and his money, so buy the one he wanted. After looking them all over and thinking for a few minutes he decided on the one with a little fancy work on it. He liked it because it was a little decorative without being too much so.
“I also need a bullet mold and some powder. Oh yeah, do you have the paper to make paper cartridges out of?”
“As a matter of fact I do.”
The gunsmith gathered up all the things Tom had asked for and placed them on the counter. Tom looked them all over and asked how much he owed.
“I tell you what Tom, since you’ve been coming in here all these years, and are purchasing so much I’m going to cut you a deal.”
“I appreciate that. You can count on me to be back for more powder before long. I plan to do a lot of practicing with my Colt.”
“I’ll be looking forward to seeing you.”
With his Colt in its new holster, and the other supplies in his hand he headed for the wagon. He helped his pa climb aboard, and the two headed home. Now he had what he needed to start making bullets and shooting his pistol. He wanted to learn how to shoot it well first, and then he would learn to draw it fast. After that he planned to learn how to draw and shoot quickly and accurately.
On the way home he asked his pa if they could swing by the Asher’s place so that he could show Mason his new pistol. His pa agreed, but told him to hurry along because they needed to be getting back.
Mason was impressed with the Colt, but he wasn’t as much into weapons as Tom. He had rather read than hunt. He only went hunting when he had too for food, unless he went with Tom. He only did that so that they could spend some time together.
After visiting for a few minutes the Richards began making their way home. Tom could hardly wait to start making bullets for his pistol. But first things first, he was ready to see what his ma had cooked for supper. He could worry about the Colt later.

****
Chapter 17
Things slowly began getting back to normal around the Richards’ farm. Tom hadn’t realized just how much things had changed since his pa had been away. He thought he would be overjoyed to have him back, but actually he felt a little out of place now. He was glad Joe was home, but he felt like a part of his life was now empty. His ma had depended on him to run the farm for the past two years, and now he was back to just being a boy working for his family. The thought had never occurred to him how it would feel when he had to give up his control. He had grown accustomed to being in charge of things and making the decisions regarding the crops. Now all this would be done by his pa, and he would have to follow along.
The good thing was now he wouldn’t have nearly as much work to do. Joe should be able to carry a lot of the load, and for that Tom was thankful. He hadn’t minded the hard work, but he couldn’t say he was sad to give some of it up. Besides, he would have a little more free time to do the things he enjoyed. He would definitely have more time for fishing, and he had to get started learning to shoot his new pistol.
He spent several days making bullets and paper cartridges for the Colt. He wanted to have a good supply of ammo on hand when he went out shooting. He planned to practice a lot, or at least enough to hit what he was aiming at. He figured he would start shooting at targets up close, and then as he got better he could move farther and farther away. When he was able to hit most of the targets at fifty yards or better he would start learning to draw and shoot. He was already practicing his draw. Each night right before he went to bed he would strap on the Colt and practice for a while before turning in for the night. He could tell he was picking up speed with each passing day. As he progressed he would have to practice cocking the pistol as he drew it from the holster. He knew if he were going to be a lawman that it was important to be fast and accurate. That could mean the difference between living and dying. He was still unsure how he felt about drawing on another human being, but he intended to talk to his pa about that. After being in the war he figured Joe would be able to give him some kind of advice about the right and wrong of having to shoot someone. He still didn’t believe in killing, but there must be some situations where it wasn’t wrong. His pa should know the answers to these questions.
Finally the time came for him to try out his new side arm. He set up some targets about ten yards away. The pistol felt funny compared to the rifle he was accustomed to shooting. Looking down the sights was definitely a new experience. He was used to the long barrel of the rifle separating the back sight from the front. With the Colt, the sights were only a few inches apart. He immediately noticed that the slightest movement would throw the aim off. He loaded up and took aim at his first target. The shot completely missed. He re-cocked the pistol and tried again. After about twenty shots he finally hit his first target. Tom felt like he had found the secret to taking aim and holding the Colt steady. From that point on he continued hitting the targets with just about every shot. He spent several more days shooting at the same distance until he wasn’t missing any of his shots.
Next, he moved back five more yards and continued practicing. This went on every day until plowing time came around. Tom had learned to hit just about every shot out to thirty yards. He knew he wouldn’t be able to practice as much until the fields were sown, but he should be able to find a little time in the evenings. If he only had time for six shots, at least it would be better than nothing. He could already see how much he was improving. His pa had sat on the porch and watched him many times, and he thought Tom was learning at a very fast pace.
“I’ll bet you shoot that thing as well as the man I got it from.”
“I’ve still got a long way to go pa.”
“Don’t worry son, you’ll get there I’m sure.”
Tom started plowing the fields first. He wanted Joe to take it as easy as he could. He didn’t want his pa to hurt himself if he could help it. His pa couldn’t stand just sitting by and watching him work though. Before long he came out and told him he would take over for a while. It was amazing how much difference it made to swap out with someone on the plow. Tom had worked for days from sunup to sundown last year to get the fields plowed. Now he could sit down and get a drink while his pa was handling the plow. If they swapped out every hour or so the job wouldn’t be so hard on either of them. Tom had worked so hard last season he almost felt useless sitting on the porch while Joe worked in the field. He knew there was plenty of work for the both of them, but for some reason he felt a little useless at the moment. After he drank some water and rested for a bit he went out to relieve his pa. He was amazed at how much easier this made the task of plowing. Walking behind a horse and plow was one of the most tiring things he had ever had to do. There was one advantage, it had made him strong.
Before Tom realized it the plowing and planting had been finished. He was amazed at how much faster things had gone with his pa helping. Even with his injury, Joe didn’t seem to be much slower than he had been before. There was no doubt he could still carry his weight around the farm. Of course, he had the limp to deal with, but he could still put in a good days work.
With the fields finished, Tom now had a little more time to practice shooting. He was getting pretty proficient with the pistol. By the end of summer he planned to be able to draw and shoot just as well. Every night he practiced drawing the pistol and cocking it. Now he was beginning to practice drawing and shooting at his targets. He started out drawing and shooting in slow motion, but as time passed he would get faster and faster.
His fifteenth birthday reminded him of times gone by. He had his pa back home now, and his birthday was once again special like it had been before. He spent the afternoon fishing, and brought home a good mess of catfish for dinner. Through the years he and Mason had spent enough time swimming in the creek to know where all the deep spots were. There were several places throughout the property where the creek was well over Tom’s head, and he knew where every one of them was. He knew enough about catfish to know they would seek out these deeper holes. He always managed to catch enough for a meal in short amount of time.
Upon returning home his pa told him to sit on the porch and he would clean the fish for supper. Tom felt strange sitting there watching his pa work. He had done most everything around the farm for the last two years, and it was different not having to do it himself. As he sat there he began to realize just how much his way of thinking had changed over those years. He hadn’t realized just how much he had grown up while his pa was away.
He thought about his friend Mason a lot. He knew what his friend was going through since his pa was still in the fighting. He visited as often as he could, but missed the days when they could get together without a care in the world. It was sad in a way, because he knew both of them had aged a lot over the past few years. He figured the old days of them just being boys were gone forever. Things would definitely be different for both of them from now on. He supposed that was all just part of the growing up process. The only problem he had with that was the fact neither of them had actually been ready to grow up so quickly. Circumstances had dictated their futures, and he didn’t like that much, but there was nothing he could do but accept it and move on.
He still planned on taking Mason and his ma some meat this winter. He knew his friend stayed so busy with the mill that he didn’t have a whole lot of time for hunting. Besides, Mason didn’t care much for hunting unless he went with Tom. Sometimes during the summer when he caught more fish than he needed he would take them a mess for supper. Mrs. Asher always seemed thankful for anything he brought. He could only imagine that things were still pretty difficult for them. For a war that everyone thought would be over quickly it sure seemed to be dragging along. Tom was beginning to wonder if it would ever end.
The Richards had another record crop that year. Joe was proud of the money they made off their crops. With the war still in full force prices were still rising for food. Everyone was having a hard time making it due to the fighting. So many homes and farms had been destroyed, and so many men were spending their time fighting instead of raising crops and herds. Food was becoming a precious commodity both to civilians and the army alike. The Confederate Army was having an especially difficult time acquiring the rations they needed to continue the fight. Joe felt like he was still helping the cause by providing food to the southern states. None of the food sold in the south was allowed to be given to Union troops if possible. Most of it was sent directly to Confederate camps in the area.
It seemed time was passing much faster since Joe had returned home. So much worry had been taken off Tom and Becky’s mind. Their family was whole again, and that was the most important thing in world to all of them.
By the beginning of winter Tom had become proficient enough with the pistol that he planned to use it for hunting. He was surprised at how fast he had learned to draw and shoot. Not only was he fast, he could hit what he was aiming at out to around fifty yards or so. According to the Sheriff, that was about as well as anyone could expect with a hand gun, but Tom wanted to be a little better than that. He would continue practicing until he found the maximum distance he could accurately depend on hitting something with the weapon. He had yet to discover how effective it would be hunting. He knew his limits with the old rifle, but this would be something knew. He knew the caliber was right, but he didn’t know how much knock down power it would actually have against larger game. It wouldn’t be long before he would have the answers to those questions. He had no doubt he could take down small game without a problem, but the real test would come with deer and wild boar. Until he was comfortable with it he would always keep the rifle handy just in case. If there was one thing he didn’t want, that was a wild boar with a gunshot wound. He knew those things could attack and do a lot of damage. The old rifle never failed to bring them down, so it would be ready just in case the pistol didn’t get the job done.
The winter passed much faster than Tom had hoped. It was almost time to begin working in the fields again. Much to his surprise, his pa had let him keep half of the money he made on his pelts. Joe had said that it wouldn’t be long before he was a man, and he thought it would be a good idea if he had a little nest egg to fall back on to get started on his life when he was grown. Besides, the farm was turning some of the highest profits it had ever seen, and the family made enough from that to get by on. There was even money left for the families savings jar as well. Things were really looking good for the Richards for a change. All three of them felt truly blessed with the way things were turning out.
Before Tom realized it another round of crops was in the ground and it was time to do a little fishing. Mason managed to find time to go along on a few afternoon trips to the old creek. The two young men had a lot to catch up on since they weren’t getting to spend very much time together anymore. As Tom had suspected, the nature of their relationship had changed a lot over the past few years. They had gone from being boys to men. Instead of talking about silly things from childhood, they now discussed more important issues. Both had started to talk about their future plans. Mason intended to continue with the family business of running the mill. Tom told his friend of his plans to become a deputy sheriff. Mason thought he was crazy, but supported him if that was what he really wanted to do. Tom made him promise he wouldn’t say anything to anyone about it just yet, because he hadn’t talked to his parents. He wanted to be the one to tell them of his plans and see what they thought. He figured it would be best to wait until his eighteenth birthday was getting close before he brought up the subject. He still figured his ma and pa were not going to be happy about the situation, but he thought they would support him. At least he hoped that would be the way things went. There was no way to know for sure until he let them in on what was going on in his mind.
His sixteenth birthday came, and for a change he got a present. His pa had bought him some powder and lead to make bullets for his rifle and pistol. Tom was thankful for that. He usually only got a cake for his birthday, but now that there was a little more money around the house things were changing for the family. He still got his catfish supper, which was what made his birthday special in the first place. Anytime he had fish for supper he was happy.
Tom continued to practice with his pistol, and figured he could draw and shoot about as well as anyone in the area. He had caught on quicker than he had actually expected, and with all the practice he had been doing he had become quite proficient with the weapon. If he were faced with a situation where he had to draw and use his pistol he was confident he could hold his own. He still wasn’t sure he could pull the trigger against another human being. That was something that weighed heavily on his mind. If he were going to become a lawman that was a question he would surely have to answer before the time came. If he wasn’t sure he could do it, any hesitation could mean his life. He still meant to talk to his pa about it, but just hadn’t found the right time. He wasn’t sure his pa would want to talk about his experiences in the war. So far, he had said very little about it, and neither Tom nor his ma had pressed the issue. They were both just thankful to have Joe home safe and sound, even if he had been injured.
On their supply trip to Cranston in late April Tom and his pa heard that Lee had surrendered. The war was winding down, and the South had lost. Joe had mixed feelings. He was glad to hear that the war was ending, but sad to know the South had been defeated. He thought of all the lives that had been lost, and now it seemed as if it were all for nothing. Tom was glad to know that Mason’s pa would soon be coming home. He knew how excited his friend would be to have his pa back. His mind wandered back to the day his pa had returned, and he remembered the relief and joy he had felt.
In no time at all Tom’s seventeenth birthday had rolled around. Even though this was a simple birthday, it was something he looked forward to each year. After spending a couple of birthdays without his pa, it had become even more important to him. He also knew it wouldn’t be long before he would have to talk to his parents about his future plans. He didn’t want to wait until the last minute to break the news to them, but he dreaded telling his pa he didn’t want to spend his life farming. He was confident his parents would support him, but he also knew they would be disappointed that he had no desire to carry on the family’s way of life.
Joe had a special surprise for his son this year. After finishing with the cake and cleaning up the table Joe told Tom to have a seat.
“I’ve got something for you for your birthday son. I know we don’t usually give you a gift, and much of that has been because we couldn’t really afford anything. You are about to become a man, and the farm is making better money now, so I thought you should have something special to start your transition into manhood.”
As Joe left the room to get whatever the gift was, Tom’s mind began running in a thousand directions. He couldn’t think of anything he had mentioned wanting, nor anything that he really needed. His ma and pa had always found a way to make sure the family’s basic needs were met. They might not have gotten many of the things they wanted, but their needs had always somehow been supplied.
In a few moments his pa returned from the bedroom with something wrapped in a piece of cloth. It was long, and appeared to be stiff enough to hold the cloth straight. His imagination was going wild. He had no idea what it could possibly be inside that cloth.
“Here you go son, I hope you like it.”
Tom reached out with shaking hands and took hold of the package. Whatever was inside the cloth was hard. He tried to figure out what it could be, but had no luck.
“Well, aren’t you going to unwrap it?” his ma asked.
“Sure,” he answered, as he began unwrapping the cloth.
He could hardly believe his eyes when the wrapping had been removed. There in his hands was the shiniest, most beautiful rifle he had ever seen. He remembered seeing one like it at the gunsmith’s once, but it wasn’t new and shiny like this one.
“That’s a Henry repeating rifle Tom. It fires metallic cartridges. You load a bunch of them in it and all you have to do is pull that lever down and back up to load a new round. You can shoot half the day without reloading.”
“I don’t know what to say pa. This thing must have cost a fortune.”
“Now don’t you worry about that. You’ve been shooting that old muzzle loader of mine all your life. You’re about to become a man, so I thought it was about time you had a rifle of your own. I expect to see a lot more game coming in this winter now that you have a new-fangled rifle to shoot with.”
As Tom sat and admired the new rifle he thought about how nice it would be not to have to reload after each shot. He knew how much more fun the pistol was because he had six shots before he had to load again. With this rifle he wouldn’t even have to make the bullets, they came ready to load. Another thought also quickly ran through his mind. Sometime this year he would have to talk to his pa about wanting to work for the Sheriff. This special gift made it even harder to know he was going to break his parent’s heart. Maybe they wouldn’t take it as hard as he was expecting, but he doubted that. All his life his ma and pa had tried their best to teach him how to be a farmer and take care of himself. He was sure they wouldn’t like the idea of him taking the chance on getting himself shot trying to uphold the law. Either way, it was what he wanted to do with his life, and he would have to do what made him happy. His parents had chosen the life they wanted, and he knew he would have to do the same. All he could do know was hope they would understand.
Learning to shoot the new rifle didn’t take long. It wasn’t as difficult as the pistol had been, since he was already used to shooting long guns. It was shorter than his old Kentucky, but not enough to cause much problems getting used to it. He really did like how it loaded, and how quickly he could get off shots. He looked forward to a very good hunting season this winter. He should be able to set a new record. His pa had also told him that he would get to keep half of what he made this year again. He said it was time he started seriously saving for his future. Tom knew he had been getting more than a hundred dollars on the average, and fifty would go a long way. To him fifty dollars was the same as being rich. His pa had also given him some money from the crops. His savings jar was filling up fast.
With the war over and so many people coming back home there were new markets for the winter. Meat seemed to be in short supply in the area due to a loss of homes and farms being damaged during the war. With the influx of men returning home the demand for food had increased. The general store had a sign saying they would buy smoked meat on a first come first served basis. Tom intended to take advantage of this. He only liked to kill what his family would need, but now he could make a little extra money taking even more game and selling it for others to enjoy. He did especially well that winter, making a little over three hundred dollars in all. That meant he had one hundred and fifty to put in his jar. He now had well over two hundred dollars of his own, and that was a lot of moneyWith his eighteenth birthday only five months away he decided it was time to sit down and talk to his pa about his plans for the future. Since it would only be a few weeks before time to start working in the fields he figured there would be more time to do it now than later. Besides, he expected his pa to think on it a while before he could come to terms with the idea. He would talk to his pa first, and if his pa agreed maybe he could help convince his ma. Tom knew she would be the most likely of the two to object. He knew that he would be a man and could do what he wanted, but he didn’t want to go against his parent’s wishes if he could help it. 
One afternoon in early March the weather had begun to warm up a bit and Tom and his pa were sitting on the porch discussing plans for the upcoming farming season. Tom thought this would be a good time to talk to his pa about his plans for the future. As much as he hated to disappoint his parents, he knew he was going to have to tell them sooner or later, and he had little time left.
“Pa, there’s something I’ve been needing to talk to you about for a long time. It’s something that’s been on my mind for several years, and it’s very important to me. I know it’s not going to make you happy, and I hope you won’t be too disappointed in me when I tell you.”
“Well son, I’m all ears. Let’s hear what’s on your mind.”
“I know you and ma have always planned on me taking over the farm someday, but I’m not sure that is what I want to do for the rest of my life. I know you love this life, but I have never been all that fond of farming.”
“I understand. I’ve always noticed you were much happier when hunting season rolled around. I’ve figured for a long time that you weren’t satisfied being a farmer. So what’s on your mind?”
“Well, you know I’ve always talked to the Sheriff when we go to town. I’ve been asking a lot of questions for some time now, and he and I have discussed in detail what it’s like to be a lawman.”
“Don’t tell me that’s what you want to become?”
“As a matter of fact, it is pa. I’ve put a lot of thought into it, and the Sheriff has tried his best to talk me out of it, but I’m pretty sure that is what I want to do with my life.”
“But son, you know that isn’t much of a living. Lawmen don’t make a lot of money, not to mention the danger you would be putting yourself in.”
“I’ve thought about all that. Sheriff Tatum said that lawmen in larger towns make more money, but it’s not really the money. I just feel that I would be good at the job, and enjoy making a difference.”
“Have you given any thought to the fact that you might be killed, or maybe have to kill someone else?”
“Yes sir, I’ve been thinking about that for years. I’ve got mixed emotions on how I would feel if I had to take another person’s life. I’ve been meaning to ask you about that, but I didn’t know how you would feel about talking about it.”
“I can tell you now son, taking another man’s life makes you feel sick way down deep inside. It’s never a pleasant thing to have to do.”
“I know the Bible tells us that we aren’t supposed to kill, but then there are so many wars spoken of in there. That is what confuses me the most I reckon.”
“I had a problem with that too Tom. All I can figure is there must be an exception if you have to kill in order to protect yourself. I don’t know exactly where it says that, but for some reason I had to believe it. I know one thing for sure, even when you feel you have no other choice, it doesn’t get any easier. I know there are men who don’t think twice about it, but that is just wrong.”
“That is the only real problem I have with being a lawman. I know that is a question I will have to answer in my mind if I intend to put on a badge.”
“Tom, I really wish you would reconsider. You are a smart young man. You could be anything you wanted to be if you set your mind to it.”
“I know pa, but that is all I know of that I would like to do with my life. The Sheriff said he would hire me on as a deputy and take me under his wing if I wanted to give it a try. He said if I found I didn’t like it I could always quit and come back to the farm.”
“You know you’re always welcome here son. This is your home, and it always will be.”
“I hope you’re not completely disappointed in me pa.”
“No son, I’m not. I was hoping you would take over the farm one day, but I understand that a man has to do what he thinks will make him happy. If you don’t want to be a farmer then your life will never be satisfying. You will be a man in just a few months, and you have to make your own decisions.”
“But I wanted your input. I know that I have to make my own decisions, but your opinions are very important to me. You know you and ma are the most important things in my life, and you always will be.”
“Again, I wish you would reconsider, but if that is something you have thought out, then all I can say is give it a try. If things don’t work out this old farm will always be waiting.”
“The Sheriff did say that he would let me work in the evenings so that I could still help out around here.”
“That would be good son. I can always use a hand around this old place. I tell you what, let me think on it, and when we go to town we’ll sit down and have a talk with the Sheriff. I want to know exactly what you will be getting yourself into.”
“That sounds fair enough pa. I’m sorry that I’ve let you down.”
“You haven’t let me down son, just caught me off guard a little I reckon. Like I told you, you’re becoming a man, and you have to make your own decisions. Some of them will be good, and others will be bad. That is just a part of life. If you make a bad decision, then you have to live with the consequences and try to learn from your mistakes. We’ve all had to do that at some point.”
“Thanks for understanding pa. I was really hoping you would.”
“Your ma may be a different story. She’s not as open minded as I am.”
“That is why I wanted to talk to you first. I thought you might be able to help me with ma.”
“Sorry son, you’re becoming a man. You’re on your own with your ma.”
“Gee thanks, pa.”
“Anytime son.”
With that the two just sat on the porch quietly for some time. Tom figured his pa was rolling the idea over in his head. He knew Joe was a thinker, and he would look at this from every angle. Maybe he would feel better after talking to the Sheriff and learning more about what they had already talked about. Now all he had to do was muster up the courage to tell his ma. He was sure she wouldn’t take the news as well as his pa.
Joe and Tom sat and talked for a couple of hours with Sheriff Tatum when they went into town. Joe had a lot of questions he wanted to ask, and the Sheriff did his best to answer them all. He assured Joe that he would do everything in his power to protect Tom. He told Joe how he had tried to talk Tom out of the idea from the very beginning, but the young man’s mind seemed to be made up. He told him how he tried to discourage him with the salary figures, but nothing seemed to make any difference. The two men agreed that the best way to handle the situation was to let Tom give it a try and see if it was really what he wanted to do. The Sheriff also told Joe that Cranston would be a good place for him to start, since there wasn’t a lot of crime. There hadn’t been a shooting in the town in so long Sheriff Tatum couldn’t remember the last one. The bank was so small that no one bothered robbing it, and that was about all the town had to draw any interest from crooks.
Tom and his pa talked on the way home. His pa seemed more at ease with the idea since talking with the Sheriff. He still didn’t cotton to the idea completely, but he told Tom he would support him in whatever he wanted to do. He understood that Tom had to live his own life the way he saw fit. He knew this day would come eventually, but this wasn’t what he expected. He had always thought his son would take over the farm, and be safe and sound. Of all the things he imagined for Tom, being a lawman had never been one of them.
“You know what you have to do now son.”
“I’ve got to tell ma.”
“Yes, you got to tell your ma. All I can do is wish you good luck with that.”
“I reckon I’ll probably need it.”
Since his pa was on board with him he had a little more confidence about talking to his ma. He figured if she got to bent out of shape that his pa might lend a hand, but he couldn’t count on that. Joe had said he was on his own, and he was usually a man of his word.
After supper Tom figured he might as well go ahead and get it over with. He told his ma there was something he needed to discuss with her. After finishing the dishes she sat back down at the table to hear what he had to say. As he began to lay it all out, he could see the color fading from her face. He thought he caught a glimpse of a tear building up in her eye, but he didn’t want to stare. She was actually taking the news a little better than he had expected. She had some objections, but most were concerns for his safety. She also told him he had to do what he thought would make him happy, and she would support him even though she wasn’t too keen about the idea. She made him promise he would be careful, and if he got hurt he would have to answer to her.
That night when he went to bed he felt a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He had been dreading telling his folks for so many years. They had taken the news better than he had expected. He figured they would be supportive, but he looked for more opposition than he received. Now all he had to do was wait for his birthday. He was hoping the Sheriff would let him start as soon as he turned eighteen. He had the guns for the job, and he figured he could handle himself well enough. There was only one thing he could think of he would need, and that was a horse. He wouldn’t be able to use the horses from the farm because his pa would need them for work. He would have to purchase one of his own. 
After the crops were planted Joe and Tom made a trip to the Smith’s farm on the other side of Cranston. They raised and sold horses, so Tom figured he could find one that he liked. There was a buckskin in the corral that immediately caught his eye. The price was right, so he now had his horse. The next stop would be to buy a saddle. He was thankful for the money he had stashed away. It had come in handy to buy what he needed for his new job. Hopefully he could start working in just a couple of months.
Tom bought a saddle, saddle bag, blanket, bridle, and a leather holder for his rifle. He was now set to go. All he had to do was wait for his birthday. The Sheriff had told him to come in the day after his birthday and he would swear him in. 

****
Chapter 18
Tom was sworn in as a Deputy Sheriff of Cranston the day following his eighteenth birthday. Sheriff Tatum swore him in and pinned a badge to his chest. Tom had never felt such a level of pride in his life. This was something he had wanted for so many years, and now he had accomplished it. He could only hope that he would be good at it so the Sheriff and his parents would also be proud of him. If it turned out not to be something he was good at, or didn’t like, he knew there would be some feeling of disappointment. The Sheriff had him coming in at three in the afternoon, so he still had plenty of time to help around the farm in the mornings. He was also promised time in the winter to do his hunting. 
Sheriff Tatum explained that the main times he would need him would be at night and on weekends. That was when the saloon was open, and most of the trouble happened if there was any. He explained that for the first few weeks Tom would mostly be working around the office and doing the nightly rounds with him until he got a feel for the job. He didn’t want to rush him into a situation he couldn’t handle until he was ready. The Sheriff also told him that most of what he would learn would come from on the job training. He had a couple of law books around the office that he told Tom he was welcomed to look through, but not much in there actually pertained to their aspect of the law.
“Mainly we arrest them and let the court system do the rest. You are welcome to read as much as you like, but those books are mostly for lawyers. We don’t have to concern ourselves much with the penalties that go with certain crimes. All we have to do is find the bad guys and lock them up. The lawyers and judges take it from there.”
“So how do you know exactly what is against the law?”
“It’s pretty much self-explanatory. You know stealing, killing, disorderly conduct, and damaging someone’s property is against the law. It’s mostly just common sense.”
“It sounds like whatever the Bible calls sin is pretty much in line with what is against the law.”
“I reckon you could say that. I’m sure you know the Bible a lot better than me. After a while you’ll catch on to what is not legal for someone to do. I will warn you though, most people don’t care much for being arrested. Always be on your guard and be ready to respond with appropriate action. Some will try to fight, and others might go for their gun. You just have to be ready with cat-like reflexes to handle whatever situation comes your way.”
“It sounds simple when you break it down, but I’m sure it is a lot harder when you are faced with the situation.”
“You better learn to make decisions quick if you want to stay alive. That’s why I’ll be with you at all times until you learn the ropes. Within six months to a year you should be pretty well prepared to take it on by yourself sometimes.”
“I’ll do my best not to let you down Sheriff.”
“I expect no less from you Tom. I’ve known you most of your life, and I know you’ll give it your best. That’s why I’m not too worried about bringing you on. You learn fast, and you are big enough to handle yourself. I would like to go out and see you handle that pistol later. I know you’ve probably been practicing since the day you got it, and I’m anxious to see just how well you handle it before we get into a situation where you might have to use it.”
Tom swept up around the office, and looked the place over to familiarize himself with where everything was kept. He needed to know where the cell keys were kept, and how to lock and unlock the doors. The Sheriff also showed him how to fill out a report, and where to file them. After that the two rode just outside town so the Sheriff could see Tom shoot. After firing off a dozen rounds or so Sheriff Tatum was satisfied that he had nothing to worry about if Tom had to use his gun. In fact, he wasn’t so sure that the young man might outshoot him if it came right down to it.
After all the stores closed for the evening the Sheriff always made a round to check the doors and make sure no one had forgotten to lock up. Tom went on the round with him to learn what needed checking, and how to do it. Along the way several business owners were just leaving, and the Sheriff introduced Tom as his new deputy. Everyone in town knew the Richards family, but didn’t expect Tom to become a deputy. They all had puzzled looks on their faces, and Tom knew exactly what they were thinking. Why leave a perfectly safe farm to be a lawman? He didn’t take any time to explain. It was his life, and he figured it was his business.
The first Friday night that Tom was on duty was the first time he got to sample what life as a deputy was going to be like. He was sitting in the office with the Sheriff when someone from the saloon came running in. He was panting for breath as he entered the office.
“Sheriff, you’ve gotta come quick. The Jenkins boys are at it, and their tearing up the saloon.”
The Sheriff rose from his chair and told Tom to come along.
“It’s time for you to get your feet wet Tom. I’ll tell you all about the Jenkins boys on the way over.”
The two left the office and headed in the direction of the saloon.
“Harvey and Harley Jenkins are twin brothers. Their folks have a place about three miles outside Cranston. The family barely makes enough money to scrape by on, but these boys come to town every weekend. Their pa has a lumber business and the boys are just getting old enough to really help him build it up. They put roofs on for people, cut timber and mill it into boards, and most anything else you can do with wood. Both of them are meaner than a rattlesnake, and they love to fight. Everybody around here knows them, and they know better than to mess with either of them. If they can’t start a fight with someone, they’ll fight each other. I reckon the more they drink, the meaner they get. This will be a good opportunity for you to see how you work under pressure. I’ll warn you, either one of these boys is a handful, so be careful and watch yourself. I’ll try to break them up, and then we’ll go from there.”
As the two entered the saloon the boys were on the floor slugging it out. Several tables and chairs had been knocked over in the melee, and neither of them seemed to be ready to quit. Sheriff Tatum knew that they wouldn’t stop until someone was declared the winner. When they were fighting each other this usually meant one or the other would wind up hurt before they would stop.
Sheriff Tatum reached down and grabbed Harvey by the back of the shirt, because he was on top. As he took hold, Harvey jumped up and swung at the Sheriff, catching him squarely on the jaw, knocking him to the floor. Something inside Tom went off. He lunged at the boys, and before he knew what was happening both were lying on the floor out cold. He turned to help the Sheriff get back on his feet.
“Well son, you’ve stepped in an anthill now. You’ve probably just made yourself two good enemies.”
“What was I supposed to do Sheriff? I couldn’t let them get away with hitting you like that. I didn’t even think, I just reacted.”
“You did exactly what you should have done. You brought the situation under control with the least amount of force you could. There are a lot of lawmen that would just have started shooting. I reckon I don’t have to worry about you handling yourself in a fight. You’re the first person in Cranston to whip one of the Jenkins boys, let alone both of them at the same time.”
“It all happened so fast, I’m not sure how I did it.”
“Apparently you hit like a mule. I’ve seen them boys take some good licks and keep coming. They don’t go down easy. I’d say you are a lot stronger that you realize.”
“Well, I guess we better pour some water on them and see what happens next.”
Tom asked the bartender for a bucket of water. He splashed some on both brothers, bringing them back into consciousness. They sat up slowly, looking dazed and confused.
Harvey was the first to stand to his feet, followed by his brother.
“What happ’nd?” he asked.
“You two were fighting, and when I tried to break it up you took a swing at me,” the Sheriff answered.
“I’m sorry Sheriff, you know I wouldn’t hit you on purpose. We were fighting, and I didn’t know who had a hold on me. I didn’t realize ‘t was you until after I had swung. I’m terrible sorry, I didn’t mean to do that.”
“I didn’t think you did.”
“Who is this big lug that thumped us?”
“That is my new deputy. His name is Tom Richards.”
Harvey slowly turned to Tom, as did his brother. Tom braced for what was to follow. He was coiled and ready to react to whatever the brothers had in mind. Much to his surprise, Harvey slowly extended his hand.
“I just want to shake the hand of the man who whooped the Jenkins brothers. Neither one of us has ever lost a fight, ‘cept to each other. You thumped both of us at the same time. You hit like a mule kicks. You’ve definitely got my respect. I apologize for our behavior, and I promise you won’t have no more trouble outta us.”
Harley also shook hands with Tom and made the same promise.
“I don’t know what gets into us when we come into town. We don’t come looking for a fight, but we always tend to find one,” Harley said.
“I figure that rot gut you drink has something to do with it,” Sheriff Tatum said.
“You’re probably right Sheriff. I guess you want to lock us up now.”
“Nah, I don’t see any reason to do that. Your pa will be looking for the two of you come first light to work. I do expect you to pay for any damages though.”
“Of course Sheriff, you know we pay for what we break.”
“I think it would be good if you paid up and headed home. You boys have had enough fun for one night.”
“That sounds like a good idea Sheriff. Thanks, and no hard feelings?”
“No hard feelings, just don’t let it happen again.”
“You don’t have to worry ‘bout that. I don’t want to tangle with that bear you’ve got working for you again. It’ll take the swelling in my jaw a week to go down.”
“Maybe you boys learned a lesson.”
With that Tom and the Sheriff headed back to the office. Tom felt a sense of pride that he had handled the situation, but more so that no one had been badly hurt. In a few days everyone would be as good as new.
“You’ve managed to do something that I’ve never seen Tom, you earned the Jenkins boys respect. Coming from them that should mean a lot. With them on your side you’ll have a lot less trouble around here. Once word gets around of what you did I doubt anybody will want to tangle with you.”
I didn’t do anything special Sheriff. I was just trying to protect you. I got so mad when he hit you, all I could think of was protecting you and stopping the fight.”
“Well son, you did both, and in a hurry.”
“Thanks Sheriff, but I felt like I was just doing my job.”
After a few months on the job it really began to sink in on Tom that the Sheriff had been right about not being able to make a good living being a lawman. He didn’t regret his decision, but he was quickly realizing he could never have the things he wanted on twenty or thirty dollars a month. He wouldn’t be able to provide for himself, let alone a family if he chose to have one. He could make more money in a week of hunting than he made for a month of work. He knew he had to stick with it for a while though, because he did want to learn as much as he could. If he quit now his family would feel like he had made a bad decision in the first place. Besides, he knew well before he took the job what the pay was, so he had no right to complain. He just hadn’t realized how little money he would have at this rate.
As he was hanging out around the office, he began to pay attention to the wanted posters that came in. Each week it seemed there was a new stack that Sheriff Tatum hung up on the wall. He had often wondered exactly what they were for, and who collected this money. He wasn’t sure if these posters just went out to lawmen, or if someone else was involved in finding these men. Tom figured the best way to find out was ask the Sheriff.
“Sheriff Tatum, I’ve been wondering about something, and I reckon you’ll know the answer. I’ve been noticing those wanted posters you keep hanging on the wall. Do those just go to lawmen, or how does that work?”
“Most every lawman in the area gets one, but so do other people.”
“Like who?”
“Bounty hunters mostly.”
“I’ve heard of bounty hunters, but I don’t know exactly what they do.”
“They get a hold of these posters and hunt down the men for the reward.”
“So when they bring them in they get paid for whatever the reward is on the person.”
“That’s pretty much how it works.”
“I’ve noticed some of those rewards get pretty high. A bounty hunter must make a lot of money.”
“I know what you’re thinking Tom, but you better think again.”
“I wasn’t really thinking anything Sheriff, I was just curious.”
“I know you want to make more money than what you are making now, and I don’t blame you for that. I told you before you took this job that being a lawman wasn’t a good way to make a living. The only reason I stay in is because I don’t know how to do anything else. You’re still young, you don’t have to wind up like me.”
“I didn’t mean anything by what I said, I just didn’t know much about bounty hunters. How do you become a bounty hunter anyway?”
“I reckon you just decide that’s what you want to be and start hunting. A lot of men call themselves bounty hunters just to have an excuse to kill in the name of the law. I’ve known quite a few that will only go after men wanted dead or alive. I don’t have to tell you how they usually bring them in.”
“That just doesn’t sound right.”
“It’s not, but that’s how it is Tom. There are some bounty hunters that do it for the right reasons. It’s like anything else, you always have your good and bad seed. The problem is that one bad seed can ruin a whole barrel.”
“I know what you mean about that Sheriff. It still looks like a good way to make a lot of money in a hurry.”
“Let me tell you a little more about what being a bounty hunter means. First, most of them are not thought to well of by real lawmen. Since there are those that use the title as an excuse to be a cold blooded killer, the rest are always looked at with a suspicious eye. Second, being a bounty hunter is a lonely life. You might be out tracking someone for months, sleeping under the stars and eating jerky. One advantage a lawman has is when he goes after someone he usually has a posse to back him up. A bounty hunter is always on his own. Many times he might have to tangle with a whole gang to get to the man he wants. The men on those posters definitely don’t want to be caught, and they will do most anything to prevent it. They won’t hesitate to open fire trying to get away. I reckon a bounty hunter is about the most dangerous job you could ever have. The graveyards are full of men who thought they were smarter than the criminal, but found out too late that they weren’t. A bounty hunter has to be smart, tough, good at tracking, able to fend for himself, and especially good with a gun. When he catches up with the person he is tracking he has to be able to take control and keep himself safe. Sometimes it just doesn’t work out that way. I’ve seen many a bounty hunter draped over a saddle. A bounty hunter definitely can’t have a problem killing. There are times when a man just won’t come in unless he’s tied to a saddle.”
“Gee, it sounds like a good way to make money until you look at it like that. It sounds like a good way to get yourself killed.”
“That’s the point I want you to remember Tom. A bounty hunter has to be more than ready to kill if he has to, andhe must also accept the fact that any time he goes on the hunt it could be his last. I know you’re a good hunter and tracker, but deer don’t shoot back or ambush you.”
“You’ve got a good point there Sheriff. I’m glad I talked to you about it though, now I won’t have to wonder anymore.”
“That’s what I’m here for Tom. I’ve always told you to ask me anything you like and I’ll do my best to answer you. If you have any thoughts of ever becoming a bounty hunter I want you to remember what I said.”
“I will Sheriff. I don’t think I’m ready to take on that responsibility just yet.”
Tom knew deep down that he liked the idea of making all that money. He knew he was more than capable of tracking and sneaking up on game, so he figured men would be little different. He also knew he could shoot as well as anyone, and he could take care of himself. He didn’t much like the idea of being on his own so much of the time, nor the level of danger that would be involved. He would just let this thought roll around in his mind for a while. This wasn’t something that he needed to make a quick decision on. Besides, he still had a lot to learn about the law, and the only way he could learn that was working with the Sheriff. Maybe somewhere down the road he might consider giving bounty hunting a try. He knew he could make more in a few days than he could in a year at his current salary. He loved what he was doing, but he did intend to make enough money to well care for himself and his family, should he have one. He also wouldn’t mind giving a little back to his folks for all they had done for him.
Tom continued working with Sheriff Tatum and learning all he could. The Sheriff was a good teacher because he had been in the business a long time and had a lot of experience to share. He was always giving Tom situations that he had faced, and letting Tom explain how he would react in a similar circumstance. Sometimes he got it right, and other times the Sheriff had to explain how he should handle himself in a given predicament. 
After about nine months on the job the Sheriff had let Tom make the nightly rounds alone most of the time. He had even made several arrests on his own, most for disorderly conduct and the like. That was about the biggest problem in the town of Cranston. Most of those came on Friday or Saturday nights when the boys came to town to blow off a little steam at the saloon. So far, he had not had to pull his pistol, but he had been in a fight or two with unruly drunks. He had managed to handle himself quite well, and the other men always wound up on the losing end.
Even though he was enjoying his work, he couldn’t help looking at the new wanted posters as they came in every so often. He knew there was a lot more money to be made serving the law than what he could make in his current position. His mind was still wrestling with the idea of having to actually shoot someone, but he was pretty sure if it came down to it that he could without hesitation. If he ever intended to become a bounty hunter he would probably have to shoot a man sooner than later. From what the Sheriff had told him it was almost a part of the job. There is always one that will want to fight his way out of going to jail or being hanged. Tom could understand that, but he had to be sure in his mind that he was willing to be the one hunting them down, and to pull the trigger if he had no choice. For the time being he would just continue to learn all he could, and be the best deputy he could possibly be. He had plenty of time to decide on where he wanted to go from here.

****
Chapter 19
One Saturday afternoon in late September, Sheriff Tatum and Tom were kicked back in their chairs on the front porch of the office. Saturday afternoons were always quiet in Cranston, at least until the saloon pick up steam after dark. The two had been engaged in conservation about first one thing, then another. Nothing important was on either man’s mind. For the most part they were just passing the time of day until the evening. They knew the action would pick up when all the men came into town to do a little drinking and card playing. That always led to at least a fight or two that would have to be broken up. Tom had gotten used to the weekend routine, so it wasn’t so exciting anymore. The offenders would be locked up for the night to sleep it off, and then released the next morning. As long as no one was seriously hurt, there wasn’t much else that could be done. Men involved in bar fights never wanted to press any charges, and usually were back to being friends as soon as the liquor wore off. The Sheriff always made them settle up for the damage they had done before he let them go. If they didn’t have any money he would make them work it off around town until the debt was paid. Usually they came up with the cash somehow or the other.
Around five that afternoon a shot rang out, startling everyone on the street. Tom and the Sheriff quickly looked at each other, and sprang from their chairs.
“Sounded like it came from the bank,” Sheriff Tatum said.
“Yeah, I reckon we better see what’s going on.”
As the two started heading in that direction they spotted a man riding away from behind the bank. He seemed to be in a big hurry to get away.
“You don’t think the bank’s been robbed do you Sheriff?”
“Don’t know, but I reckon we’ll find out in a minute.”
The front door of the bank was closed, but not locked. As the two entered, they noticed the bank manager lying on the floor behind the counter.
“Mr. Railey,” Sheriff Tatum called out.
“Is that you Sheriff?”
“Yeah, it’s me. Are you hurt?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Let’s have a look at you to be sure.”
The Sheriff looked for any signs of a gunshot wound, but found nothing. Mr. Railey was pale as a ghost, so the Sheriff knew something had shaken him up.
“What happened Mr. Railey.”
“I’ve just been robbed. All he got was what I had in the drawer. He wanted me to open the safe, and when I refused he fired a shot in my direction. I suppose he was trying to scare me, because the shot missed by several inches. Anyway, he must have gotten scared after he shot. He left in a mighty big hurry.”
“Did he go out the back door?”
“Yes, as a matter of fact he did.”
“I reckon that must have been him we saw riding away.”
“Probably so Sheriff. You were here by the time he disappeared.”
“We came running as soon as we heard the shot.”
“I guess he figured you would. I’m just glad he missed me.”
“Did you recognize the man?”
“He’s been in a few times. I really don’t know him, but I remember his last name. It was Kingston. I think his first name is Sam, but I can’t remember for sure. I really don’t know if he used his real name or not. Maybe he was planning this all along. He may have just opened an account to give himself a chance to come in and get familiar with the layout and operations of the bank. I did notice he was always looking around a lot when he came in. He opened a little savings account but never had more than ten dollars in it.”
“You had no way of knowing he would come in and rob you one day. This is the first time anyone has hit the bank since I’ve been Sheriff.”
“At least he didn’t get away with much. I had already taken most of the money out of the drawer and put it in the safe. I was in the process of closing for the day. I only leave about a hundred dollars in the drawer so that we are ready for business when we open.”
“A hundred dollars is nothing to sneeze at though. I’ll have to admit, it’s not much money to face prison time. He’ll have to be charged with robbery and attempted murder. He’ll be facing some hard time in prison. Depending on the judge he might even face a hanging since he fired at you. Are you sure you’re ok?”
“Yes, I’m fine, just a little shaken up is all.”
“I can understand that. If you’re sure you don’t need us I reckon we better start rounding up a posse and start tracking Mr. Kingston. I don’t suppose you have any idea where he is from?”
“Sorry Sheriff, like I said, he had only been in a few times. I really don’t know anything about him.”
“You go ahead and lock up while we are here. We’ll head out as soon as we can round up some men. It shouldn’t take long before we find him.”
“Thanks Sheriff, I appreciate it.”
“That’s our job.”
Sheriff Tatum and Tom waited until Mr. Railey had finished locking up the bank and was making his way home. He only lived a short distance away, so they weren’t worried about him making it home safely.
“Well Tom, it looks like your about to get a little taste of what it’s like to be a bounty hunter. Once we round up a posse we’ll head out after Mr. Kingston. The only difference between being in a posse and being a bounty hunter is with the posse you at least have some men to back you up if you get into trouble. A bounty hunter is on his own. I want you to think about that while we are looking for Mr. Kingston.”
“I will Sheriff. I never said I was going to be a bounty hunter, I just wondered what it all meant.”
“I know son, but I can see the stars in your eyes when look at those reward amounts on the wanted posters.”
“Can’t blame a fellow for wanting to make more money.”
“I reckon you’re right about that. Anyway, this will give you a little taste of what it would be like. Another thing, this fellow is probably not going to like the idea of getting caught. There are no guarantees that we won’t have to bring him back draped over a saddle.”
“I understand. I’ll do whatever has to be done. You don’t worry about me Sheriff.”
“I just want you to be mentally prepared. Whatever happens will be up to him.”
“Maybe he’ll just give himself up.”
“I don’t think I would place too many bets on that Tom. He knows he is facing some serious time behind bars. I don’t know if you’ve ever been to a prison before, but it’s not a place most folks want to be.”
“I haven’t, but I’ve heard stories.”
Within an hour the Sheriff had rounded up six men who were willing to ride with him. He preferred men who weren’t married if possible, and who were good with a gun. He had been lucky in finding just the men to fit his needs. The Jenkins boys were two of them, and he knew if he could keep them from fighting each other they would be all the help he really needed. Those boys would walk into a bear’s cave if they thought it would lead to a good fight.
With all the men saddled up and ready to move out the Sheriff explained the situation to all of them. He described the man they were looking for as best he could. He told them the direction he saw Mr. Kingston heading. Each man had enough rations to make it a few days on the trail. There was no sure way of knowing how long it might take to capture him, if they did at all.
“Tom, since you’ve been tracking all your life I figure you’re probably one of the best trackers in Cranston. I want you to ride point for us.”
“Are you sure Sheriff?”
“I’m sure. If anybody can follow his tracks you should be able to with no problem. We need to make up some time, but we’ve got to be cautious also. He might be waiting on a posse to follow him. There’s no way to be sure he acted alone. We don’t want to get ambushed out there somewhere. Everyone keep your eyes and ears open. If you see something, or even think you do, don’t hesitate to speak up and let the rest of us know.”
Everyone agreed, and the posse headed off from behind the bank, with Tom leading the way. He had no problem at all picking up the fresh tracks. He figured at some point when the man thought he had a good lead he would start trying to cover his trail, but as many times as he had tracked animals he knew how to look for signs that most people overlook. There is always a broken branch, trampled grass, or something out of place. He was proud that the Sheriff had trusted him enough to ride point, and he had no intention of letting him down. Since this was his first real challenge since he had been on the job, he wanted to make it known that he was up to it.
It had taken about an hour or so to get the posse ready to ride, so Tom knew they only had a couple of good daylight hours left at most. He knew when it started getting dusk they would have to stop for the night. Trying to track anything after dark could get you on the wrong trail, or cause you to cover up the one you were trying to follow. Also, if they used lanterns or torches to follow the trail, that would make them easy to spot if Kingston was in fact planning to bushwhack the posse.
“Men, we’ve got two hours at best to close some distance on this fellow. We’ll move as fast as we can, but we don’t want to take any chances either. I want everyone’s eyes peeled and ears open. If you even think you see something give a shout. I don’t want anyone getting shot out here,” Tom told everyone as they began leaving town.
“You got it Tom. You keep your eyes on the trail and we’ll watch the surroundings. We’ve got your back, don’t worry about that,” one of the Jenkins boys responded.
Tom began leading the posse along at a slow trot. His mind wanted to hurry to close some of the distance Kingston already had on them, but he knew that would be a mistake. He figured the man wouldn’t stop or take any chances on running into the posse, but that was a risk he wasn’t willing to take. If he stopped and waited, he might figure to take out enough of the men that the rest would turn back. There was just no way of figuring what a man on the run might do. The best thing to do would be plan for the worst case scenario, and be thankful if it didn’t happen.
The trail led due north, and Tom had no trouble following it. He was moving as quickly as he felt safe in doing. After about an hour he suddenly stopped and held up his hand for the men to stop also. He dismounted his horse and took a close look at the tracks he had been following.
“Men, it looks like he made a hard turn here and headed due east. There isn’t another town in that direction for a good thirty miles. I figured he might be heading for Berryton where he could try and blend in with the town folk, but I reckon he has other plans. It won’t be long before we run out of daylight, so everyone be looking for a good place to camp pretty soon.”
Most of the ride had taken them through wide open country, which was why Tom had been leading the group at a pretty good pace. They were able to see a good distance in all directions. He was pretty sure Kingston wouldn’t try to bushwhack them on open ground. He picked up the pace a little more and headed off due east. He hoped they could find a good spot to pitch camp that would provide them some cover for the night. So far, all he had seen was open pastures and fields. Maybe that would change before the sun began to set.
They rode for about another hour or so, and Tom spotted a small group of trees just off in the distance. It looked like the area was maybe thirty yards across, and about as deep. He figured that would make a good place to stay the night. The trees would provide cover in case there was any shooting, and it would also camouflage their fire. That was, if Kingston hadn’t already claimed the area.
“Men, that stand of trees looks like a good place to make camp for the night,” he said back over his shoulder. We need to check it out real good and make sure Kingston isn’t hiding somewhere in there.”
When the men neared the tree line, they all dismounted and began to slowly close in on the area. They went through it with a fine toothed comb, and determined that no one else was in the area. There was plenty of open ground around the group of trees, so they would be able to see if anyone tried to approach.
“We’ll need four men on guard at all times,” Sheriff Tatum said. “We’ll split it into four hour shifts. That way every man will take a turn, and everyone will get some rest. Tomorrow will probably be a long day.”
As the men began to settle in, Tom went about building a small fire. He didn’t want it to be easily seen outside the tree line, but they would need something to eat, and some coffee. It wasn’t long before everyone was sitting around the fire.
“I’ll take first watch, with Charles, Pete, and Harvey,” Sheriff Tatum said. Tom, you, Harley, David, and Matthew will spell us around one. We should all be up at five getting ready to move out at daybreak.”
“Sounds like a plan to me Sheriff,” Tom responded.
The men quickly prepared something to eat and sat back drinking coffee and talking about this and that. Each one was trying not to think too hard on what they were doing. Everyone knew there was a chance of getting shot, and it didn’t pay to dwell on that very long. 
The first four took their places to stand watch, while the remainder of the group bedded down. Four hours wasn’t a lot of sleep, but they would have to take what they could get. There was no way it would be safe for all of them to try and sleep at the same time. It wasn’t likely that Kingston would double back on them, but they had no way of knowing that for sure. If he had friends somewhere waiting on him, it could certainly happen.
By first light the posse was back on the trail, with Tom leading the way. Since they could see a good distance in all directions he picked up the pace a little. He planned to close some distance on Kingston before nightfall if he could.
After about a half mile or so Tom suddenly stopped and dismounted his horse.
“What’s the matter Tom?” Sheriff Tatum asked.
“The prints suddenly stop right here Sheriff.”
“What do you mean they just stop? Horses don’t disappear all of the sudden. What do we do now?”
“It’s very simple Sheriff. Apparently this man has run from the law before. He is using one of the oldest tricks in the book, and it works against many who are following a trail. When the tracks suddenly stop many people assume they have lost it for good. What he is doing is dragging a tree branch behind his horse to cover the tracks. He probably got it from the group of trees where we camped. By using it here I would say we are getting close to where he plans to hold up for a while. He has most likely used this trick before, and lost a posse. I reckon he figures it will work again, but he never met me before. That branch leaves just as good a trail as hoof prints. All I have to do is follow the drag marks. It’s a little harder than hoof prints, but just as accurate. Everyone give me some space, just in case I lose sight of the marks.”
“You’ve got it Tom. We’ll hold back several yards. You just keep leading the way.”
Tom mounted his horse and began to slowly follow the marks left behind by the tree branch. They didn’t stand out as well as the hoof prints, but they were easy enough to follow. He knew if they ran across some woods it would get much more difficult to follow the drag marks than it would to follow tracks. He hoped if that situation arose they would be close enough to find Kingston before he disappeared.
It was a perfect day for tracking. The sun was shining bright, and there was little wind to speak off. The sky was blue as far as the eye could see. This made Tom’s job a lot easier. If it began raining it would be almost impossible to follow the marks left behind by the limb. They would wash away much quicker than a hoof print.
Everyone knew it was getting close to noon by the position of the sun in the sky. Tom spotted a small creek not far ahead of them.
“We’ll water the horses and stretch our legs a bit when we reach that creek,” he called back over his shoulder.”
Everyone was glad to hear that. They had all been in the saddle for six hours or so, and it would feel good to walk around a bit and work out the kinks.
As soon as the horses had drunk, and everyone had stretched and filled up their canteens, they were off again. Tom didn’t want to lose a minute of daylight if he could help it. He knew they might be facing another night out here, and he wanted to make up as much ground as he could. Kingston originally had only about an hour head start, but because they had to move slow and he didn’t, he had probably gained a little more lead on them by now.
It wasn’t long before Tom spotted a wooded area in the distance. It looked like the woods went on for a good ways the best he could tell. He knew tracking Kingston in there was going to be much harder, not to mention slower. The men would have to watch every tree to make sure they weren’t ambushed. There was still no way of knowing if the man was alone, or if he had friends out here. He was alone in town, but that didn’t mean he didn’t belong to a gang. They could have been waiting just outside town for his return. Anyway, the posse couldn’t afford to take any chances. These men didn’t get paid to put their lives on the line, and most of them were not gun hands, with the exception of the Jenkins boys, who had been known to be handy with a pistol.
Before long Tom found himself heading into the woods. They weren’t very thick to begin with, but as time went on the forest became denser. It was getting harder to pick up the trail. All of the sudden the hoof prints appeared again. Tom figured Kingston had dropped the limb assuming he had lost anyone that might be following him. He couldn’t have been more wrong. Tom intended to bring this man in if he had to follow him around the world. It was his first posse, and he was the tracker. This was more about proving his ability to the Sheriff than anything else. He promised the Sheriff he wouldn’t let him down when he first took the job, and he intended to keep his word. If he could track down Kingston, the Sheriff should have full confidence that he was a lawman worth his salt.
Suddenly Tom noticed what appeared to be a small clearing in the woods ahead. He guessed a hundred yards or a little more. He held up his hand for everyone to stop where they were. He dismounted his horse and went to each man to tell them what he saw. He wanted to keep his voice down so that anyone in the area wouldn’t hear them. There appeared to be a small shack sitting in the clearing. Tom thought that it would make a good place for someone to hide out. He almost hadn’t seen it himself. If he hadn’t been looking so hard for any evidence of Kingston, he probably wouldn’t have.
“All of you stay here. I’m going to see if I can get closer and see what’s going on up there.”
“Maybe some of us should go with you,” Sheriff Tatum said.
“I think it would be better if I go alone. I know how to move quietly, and I certainly don’t want whoever is in that cabin to get spooked. That is, if anyone is there. It might just be an old abandoned shack.
“You be careful Tom,” Sheriff Tatum said.
Tom started off in the direction of the shack. He inched his way through the trees, sometimes kneeling, and other times crawling. On several occasions the men in the posse lost sight of him.
“That boy’s like a fox,” Matthew said.
“He knows his way around the woods for sure,” Sheriff Tatum responded.
After what seemed like an hour or more Tom returned to the men.
“It’s a shack all right enough, but it is occupied. There’s a horse tied around to the side. It looks like the one Kingston left town on. I can only assume we have found our man. Now, all we have to do is get him out of there and back to Cranston.”
“Yeah, the easy part is over. All right men, here’s the plan. Charles, you and Matthew take the right side of the shack. David, you and Pete take the left. Harvey, you go with Tom and take the back. Harley, you’re with me. We’ll cover the front. I want everyone to put some distance between you and take cover. I expect Kingston is not going to give up without a fight. I don’t want any one of you getting yourself shot. I’ll give everyone plenty of time to get into position, and then I’ll call him out. I don’t want any shooting if we can help it, but if he comes out blazing then put a stop to it. Does anyone have any questions?”
Everyone shook their heads no, except for the Jenkins boys.
“How come me and Harley can’t stay together,” Harvey asked.
“You Jenkins boys are a little to trigger happy for my taste. I figure if one of you is with me, and the other is with Tom, maybe that’ll help keep you under control.”
With that the men headed off to take their positions around the shack. Everyone was nervous, but no one was going to admit it. For several of the men it would be their first time facing the barrel of a gun if Kingston decided to fight his way out. It was a sure thing he couldn’t make it, but that didn’t always keep a desperate man from giving it a try. Many preferred to go out in a blaze of glory instead of spending time in prison, or worse.
Sheriff Tatum moved into position in front of the shack, along with Harley Jenkins. Both of them found a good tree to hide behind. He gave everyone more than enough time to find a good spot and get set up.
“Kingston, this is Sheriff Tatum from Cranston. I know you’re in there. I want you to throw out your weapons and come out with your hands in the air. The place is surrounded, you have no way out.”
There was nothing but a nerve rattling silence. Everyone had a tight grip on their rifles, and sweat was beginning to form on every man’s brow.
“Kingston, I know you can hear me. If you come on out I promise you no one is going to shoot. If you don’t come out, it’s gonna get pretty hot in there in a few minutes. You can either come out, or we’ll open up on the place. You’ve got just a few minutes to make up your mind.”
Again, nothing but total silence. The longer the men sat and waited, the more their nerves began to unravel. There was always a possibility that Kingston wasn’t in the shack. He could be out in the woods somewhere. If he were, one of them could be sitting in his sights right now.
“Kingston, this is your last warning. You’ve got one minute, and then we’ll flush you out.”
Another few seconds of silence, then suddenly the back door flew open and Kingston came running out, rifle blazing. Tom quickly took aim and fired. Kingston’s body jerked hard to the right, his rifle flying from his hands. By the time he hit the ground Tom was on top of him tying his hands. He had the man secured by the time everyone else came around the shack.
“Good job Tom.”
“What do you mean good job, he shot me Sheriff.”
“You just better be thankful he’s a good shot. He could have killed you.”
“Maybe he should have.”
“I didn’t come here to kill you mister. It’s my job to bring you in and let a judge decide what to do with you.”
“Is he hurt bad Tom?”
“I just winged him in shoulder. He’ll be fine. I’ll put a bandage on it to stop the bleeding until we get back to Cranston.”
“All right men, we can do it one of two ways,” Sheriff Tatum started. “We can hold up here for the night and head out first thing in the morning, or we can head out now. If we ride hard until nightfall, we should be home before midnight at the latest.
All the men were ready to head for home. Even though it had been a long hard day in the saddle, heading for home seemed to give everyone a second wind.
“Then let’s get moving,” Sheriff Tatum said.
The group moved at a steady gallop most of the evening, slowing only for a short time to let the horses catch their breath. It wouldn’t take nearly as long to get back as it had to get out there. Following Kingston, they had to be careful, but now they could move along as fast as they wanted. Or at least as fast as the horses could tolerate.
On the ride home Tom brought up the rear. He was proud of the job he had done. He had managed to track his man, and also able to bring him in alive. He realized that one of the questions that had plagued him since he was a boy had now been answered. He had wondered if he could actually shoot another human being, and now he knew that he could. Of course, he hadn’t killed the man, but he knew he could shoot if he had to. There was something else that was also rattling around in his mind. He had been thinking about bounty hunting for some time now, and this made him realize that someday he would probably become a bounty hunter. He realized how much he enjoyed the thrill of the hunt. It was almost like hunting game, except this type of game could shoot back. 
Even though Tom had settled a few things in his head, little did he know that the biggest dilemma he had ever faced in his life was yet to come.

The End

About the Author
Thank you for reading this book. Please take a moment and leave a review as your opinion is very important to this author.
Rick has always had an active imagination and finds writing to be a great outlet for those thoughts. He enjoys music and photography in his spare time, along with reading a good book. 
Other Books by this author
Please visit you favorite ebook retailer to discover other books by Rick Wilson
What About Prayer
What About the Holy Spirit
Richards' Way
Psychotic Dreams
Bass Guitar for Those With No Talent
Beginner's Guitar for Those With No Talent
Intermediate Guitar for Those With No Talent
Advanced Guitar for Those With No Talent
Guitar for Those With No Talent
The Detective Club
Stargazer: Mission Virus Identification
Old Swampy
Mind Shock
Cop-Out Car
Murder One Volume 1
Murder One Volume 2
Topic: Murder
Grasping Digital Photography
I appreciate you taking the time to read this book. Here is how to connect with me:
Favorite my Smashwords author page: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/riw

####
