The Rock And 
The Buddha 

A Unique Introduction to Buddhism

By Philip Jay Gould

Copyright 2011 Philip Jay Gould

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free ebook, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied, and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com. Thank you for your support.
 
 



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Preface
Chapter 1 - The Ten Commandments
Chapter 2 - The Rock Meets the Buddha
Chapter 3 - Ashoka The Great
Chapter 4 - Jesus and the Rock
Chapter 5 - Kumarajiva, The Great Translator
Chapter 6 - Nichiren Daishonin and the Rebirth of Buddhism
Chapter 7 - The Buddha Creates the Gohonzon
Chapter 8 - Tsunesaburo Makiguchi
Chapter 9 - Josie Toda
Chapter 10 - Daisaku Ikeda
Chapter 11 - The Ten Worlds
Chapter 12 - The Mutual Possession of the Ten Worlds
Chapter 13 - The Nine Consciousnesses
Chapter 14 - Recipe for Happiness: Faith, Practice and Study
Chapter 15 - Dependent Origination
Chapter 16 - The River of Faith: The Rock Takes Flight
 




Preface

Buddha means the awakened one. So anyone can become a Buddha.  Anyone can wake up from ignorance and delusion and discover their enlightened self within.

To fully wake up and become aware involves effort, study, a mentor, and perseverance. The primary principle of the Buddhist life philosophy is that nothing is more precious than human life. To uncover this great value and manifest it in your daily life is to experience Buddhahood or enlightenment. 
Yet Buddhahood is not a fixed event. Rather, it is a process that continues forever. Buddhas always learn and improve day by day. 
Furthermore, Buddhahood has no restrictions. In other words, a Catholic, a Jew, a Christian, a Moslem, a Hindu, an atheist, an agnostic, - all of these people can become enlightened and absolutely happy.
To develop the compassion, courage, wisdom, and joy of a Buddha is an awe inspiring experience that all people have a right to achieve.
This book is a tool to help you become awakened to your ultimate potential. I know you can do it.  I want you to experience Buddhhood for yourself, and I know this book will help.
Enjoy.





Chapter 1

The Ten Commandments

Senji was a rock, not a pebble or a bolder, just a rock - one you could hold in your hand.  Senji lived 4,000 BC in the forest; but he was actually three million years old.   He always thought to himself, ‘Why can’t I walk, or jump or fly? Why do I have to just sit here and wait for something to move me?  I can’t even roll over by my self. How pitiful.“  Senji the rock wanted to be active not just re-active.  He wanted to take the initiative. 
This went on for thousands of years. Of course, the wind sometimes nudged him a little. Even the rain kept him clean from time to time.  However, the sun baked down on him mercilessly. Sometimes it rained so hard he ended up swept into fast moving rivers, with splashing rapids, and traveling for miles, rolling over and over in the water. Sometimes he ended up on the bottom of a swamp. It took many years for Senji to get used to this, but he knew he had no choice. He had to endure until he could find another way.
Then one day, while he lay on the bank of the Nile River, a man came by, and picked up Senji. The man carried the rock in his leather bag for miles as he climbed up a mountain.  The man’s name was Moses.  This was in 1,901 B.C.  When he got to the top of the mountain, Moses took the rock, and placed it on a large boulder. Then Moses lit a fire and proceeded to try to melt Senji in the red flames.  When the rock got hot enough, Moses placed it on the boulder and proceeded to hit Senji over and over again with a large stone.  Senji couldn’t figure out what was happening, but he noticed that he was starting to loose some weight. 
Rocks, like Senji, are of three types: igneous, sedimentary and metamorphic. The transformation of one rock type into another through time is the “Rock Cycle.”  
Each type of rock experiences either destruction or transformation as it is forced out of equilibrium – with the environment.  In other words there must be harmony between a rock and its environment, or else all hell breaks loose. Senji was continually changing. Part of him was igneous, part sedimentary, and part metamorphic. 
Igneous rocks are formed when the molten magma from volcanoes cools down. Sedentary rocks are formed from sediments, by compaction, which is a binding together.  Metamorphic rocks are formed by varying pressure and temperature conditions. Although rocks are divided into groups; there are no strict boundaries. By increase or decrease in their minerals they pass gradually into one another. Thus the distinctive structures of one rock may merge into those of another. In other words, rocks, like humans, are constantly going through changes; kind of like the different races of man, intermarrying, coming together, separating, etc.  And of course, Senji was no exception.
Senji also possessed iron, silicon, amber, jet, which is formed from decaying wood; mercury; opal, vulcanite, etc. He was undergoing a metamorphosis. Senji also possessed deep in his core two ounces of pure gold and three diamonds. No one knew this, because it was hidden, even from Senji.  As a rock, Senji had already experienced many lifetimes, and interacted with different life forms - rejecting some while fusing with others.  In the rock world Senji was not a pure-breed, but rather a mutt.  
Meanwhile, Moses kept pounding the rock until it developed a point. Then Moses put Senji back into the fire until the tip became molten hot.   All the molecules were twirling and spinning round inside Senji – getting squeezed and pushed, contracting and expanding.  It was very uncomfortable, but Senji stayed together as best he could.  Then, Moses let Senji cool off for a little while. 
Soon, Moses picked up Senji and started carving Hebrew letters on a stone tablet.  Senji did not know what was being carved, but it turns out that it was the original Ten Commandments. Every thought Moses had flowed from his mind, down his arm, to his hand and into Senji, the rock.  Every thought was transformed and The Ten Commandments became the Law.  This went on for days. All the other elements in nature silently applauded as Senji participated in the writing of the Ten Commandments.  
Man and Rock had worked together. The inspiration Moses brought forth from within his soul, flowed purely and directly through all the minerals, and components of Senji.  It appears as though Senji the rock had been transformed into Senji the ‘Law-Giver.’

Parts of Senji physically fused to the inner carvings of each letter, and thus Senji was able to gain immortality.  “Thou Shall Not Kill”…. that’s Senji.  “Thou Shall Not Steal” - that is Senji, also.  Little did Senji know, but this experience made him a part of mankind’s destiny. These laws were made to guide and protect people during very barbaric times in human history.  These commandments were necessary so a tribe could eventually become a civilized society.
When Moses finished, Senji was a little smaller than before.  Moses put the rock down on the ground; picked up the tablets he had just created; and descended the mountain to the valley below.  Senji was left alone again.   
Soon the mountain, known as Mount Sinai, started to shake and rumble fiercely.  There was a tremendous earthquake.  Senji was hurled off, rolling and bumping, bouncing and flying hundreds of feet down onto the ground below and into a rapidly moving river. This took Senji miles away from the mountain through the desert deep into a forest on the other side of the valley. There Senji rested for hundreds of years, alone again, and yearning for some way to move or fly by himself.
Although the loneliness was unbearable, Senji was already a new rock. He had experienced something very unique, and this event had altered his consciousness, but he wondered ‘what would happen next’?
 
 
 


CHAPTER 2
Senji Meets the Buddha

Suddenly, a huge flood of water washed through the forest, with waves over thirty feet high. Senji was caught and carried thousands of miles into a massive lake surrounded by tall mango, banana and coconut trees.  As the years went by gradually the water in the lake flowed into a valley. This body of water turned into the Ganges River and flowed all the way to India.  There, Senji lied until the river washed him ashore.   Many years later, Senji was picked up, along with hundreds of other rocks, and placed in a big bucket. 
“What’s going on?” thought Senji.
Someone carried the bucket of rocks to a construction site and started building a large house made of rocks.  Senji was embedded in an inside wall of a large room, fit for a King.  It turned out that this was the construction site for the house of Prince Siddhartha Gautama of the Shakra clan in India, in 600 BC.   
It had been over a thousand years since Senji had encountered another human being.  During that time he had mingled with fish, coral, alligators, elephants, birds, and even monkeys, as well as wind, rain, leaves, mud, quicksand, and tar.  Senji always meshed with the wondrous substances of the universe.  That’s why some forest creatures called Senji, the “Universal Rock.”
This new location turned out to be the room where Prince Siddhartha was raised as a child.   He was also called Shakyamuni. “Shakya” is the name of the royal family into which he was born, and “Muni” means “Able One.” Skakyamuni, also known as Siddhartha, was born as a royal prince in 624 BC in Lumbini, in northern India, near Nepal. His mother was Queen Mayadevi and his father was King Shuddhodana.  Shakyamuni’s’ mother died while giving birth. 
Senji, the rock, had landed again in a legendary time and place.  He sat and watched, as young Prince Shakyamuni was cared for like no other. Many nannies and maids catered to his every whim and desire. He was educated in art, warfare, music, dance, the art of sensual pleasure and the philosophies of his day. He was loved, sheltered, adored by all and groomed for the throne.  Then at the age of nineteen Shakyamuni witnessed the crying of a newborn baby, the painful screams of a sick man, the feebleness of a very old lady and the desolation of a corpse.  This made him wonder. Why did suffering exist?  What was the meaning of these four sufferings: birth, aging, sickness, and death?  
Shakyamuni went into his room alone and pondered.  The rock saw everything. Shakyamuni couldn’t resolve the difference between his life of ease in the palace and the sufferings he saw outside his window.  This is what Shakyamuni said to himself: 
” …it caused me to wonder why, when all men are destined to suffer old age, sickness and death, and none can escape these things, yet they look upon the old age, sickness, and death of other men with fear, loathing, and scorn. This is not right…”
Here lies a major turning point in human history.  This single thought of why people suffer and fear the inevitable was the starting point of the great religious life philosophy known as Buddhism.
Senji was a witness to this decision making process.  Shakyamuni realized that in spite of all his wealth, pleasure and power; he was unable to resolve the question about these four sufferings: why did suffering exist?  
This act of questioning had a profound effect on Senji. He was aware, of course, that the Ten Commandments were rules men needed to live in a civilized way. However, they were just rules. There was no explanation about how these rules worked.  Shakyamuni’s approach was to question the very meaning of life and death. “Why?” he asked in silence, “What was this life all about?” This approach was different.  While Moses made laws, Shakyamuni asked questions. One simply commanded, the other pondered.
Shakyamuni left his home and traveled through India for the next twelve years searching for the truth.  During this time, he practiced religious austerities including meditating and fasting. Finally, at the age of thirty, he attained a supreme awakening and immortality.  He achieved a life condition that transcended time and space, and he awoke to his ultimate potential.  
He was not alone in his search, for there were others seeking the way. He was, however, alone in his discovery, and his manifestation of “Enlightenment.” Those around him who witnessed the change in his aura, and his confidence called him the Buddha, which means “the awakened one.” They called his condition: supreme perfect enlightenment. 
Still, what exactly did he awaken to? Some claimed that it was the “twelve linked chain of causation.” Some said it was his revelation of the four noble truths. Some said it was that he attained sublime serenity and peace. Many, however, agree that his enlightenment pertained to the Law of Causation, referred to as ‘dependent origination.’ 
Shakyamuni’s original intent was to resolve the cause of suffering. Through his enlightenment he became aware of the twelve-linked chain of causation.  The link goes like this: 12) aging and dying stem from birth, for without birth there would be no death; 11) Birth is caused by existence, every living thing that exists seeks to prolong or duplicate its existence thus causing birth; 10) existence is caused by attachment, 9) attachment is caused by desire, 8) desire is caused by sensation, 7) sensation is caused by contact, 6) contact is caused by the six sense organs, 5) the six sense organs are caused by name and form, 4) name and form are caused by consciousness, 3) consciousness is caused by karma, 2) karma is caused by ignorance, and 1) ignorance is the ultimate link in the chain. All pain and suffering therefore arise from ignorance or lack of awareness.
If that were true, than what is the essence of this ignorance?  It is the ignorance of the Law of Life. He discovered that all people possess the potential for the same awakening he achieved.  
Meanwhile, back in his home village, Shakyamuni’s father had been fighting against neighboring tribes.  There was an intense battle, and Shakyamuni’s’ family palace was destroyed.  Senji found himself in a pile of rubble on a mountain ridge. Again…. time drifted.
Twenty years later, Senji was resting on the ridge when…. suddenly, a man rudely brushed him aside. 
“Who was that?” thought Senji. 
It was Devadatta, the cousin of Shakyamuni.  Devadatta, who was also a religious man, had become insanely jealous of his cousin, claiming that Shakyamuni had stolen his girlfriend and made her his wife.  This infuriated Devadatta. He picked up a large boulder and threw it down from the mountain, attempting to kill Shakyamuni. Senji saw all this happen, but he was too small to stop it.  Senji noticed the jealousy, pain and anguish on the face of Devadatta.  Shakyamuni, however, was not hurt, because the boulder missed him. 
Shakyamuni had developed a very large following over the years, and his cousin was also jealous of this.  Senji was surprised to witness this, but after all he had been through, he was prepared for anything.  Of course, Senji was only a rock, with a smooth surface, but deep inside he had an inkling of a consciousness from his past incarnations as trees, animals, and various universal life forms.  He had integrity and he had a history. He was aware of how rare it is to be born as a living creature, as any sentient being - animal or plant.  To Senji, it was unbelievably fortunate to be born as a human being.  Most objects in the universe are drops of water, or grains of sand. Just the thought of becoming a human filled him with appreciation and awe.  Even one day of human life was be far beyond his wildest imagination.  
He noticed that Shakyamuni was not angry with his cousin. He just looked at Devadatta with compassion. Later, Shakyamuni preached a profound teaching to him and Devadatta was able to gain enlightenment. 
Shakyamuni Buddha taught about the interconnectedness of all things.  Of course, Senji, was proof of this. He was a mixture of old and new, minerals and rock, volcanoes and seas, forests and galaxies beyond. 
Also, the Buddha taught that all is transient, and everything is always changing. All life and all matter are in a constant state of flux and change.  What really inspired Senji was that anyone could become a Buddha. Even a rock can function in an enlightened way.  It gave Senji hope. Maybe someday he could fly.   
The Lotus Sutra was the Buddha’s final teaching, but to fully appreciate this it’s important to understand its historical context. When Shakyamuni taught in India, there existed a caste system of classifying people from ‘untouchables’ on the bottom to the ‘Brahman’ class on the top. According to traditional Indian thinking, you were born in a certain social-economic class because of your karma, or the deeds you committed in previous lifetimes. They believed in eternal life, referred to as reincarnation or transmigration. So, if you were born in the class of untouchables (the lowest class), you must have made some very bad causes in the past, and there was little you could do to change that in this lifetime.  
However, Shakyamuni taught that the transformative power of the Lotus Sutra, which contains the Law of the Universe, was so great, that, no matter how horrendous your karma was, you could change it in this lifetime. The Lotus Sutra is a teaching of unlimited opportunity for empowerment, and universal equality. 
If Shakyamuni had preached those deep principles when he was just starting out, it would have been difficult for anyone to understand him.  Therefore, with unparalleled wisdom, he brought people up, step by step, over forty-two years to a higher level where they could accept the truth. To elevate the consciousness of his students he used various methods, including: myth, allegory, analytic philosophy, poetry, and monastic rules.  
Finally, at the right time, Shakyamuni revealed the teaching of universal Buddhahood. During the first forty-two years, for example, women had been excluded as potential Buddhas. Also, artists and intellectuals were denied, as they were thought to be too arrogant or self-centered. Even evil people were disqualified.  Even those who were not excluded, however, would still have had to practice Buddhism for millions of lifetimes to expiate their negative karma. So no one was really a viable candidate for enlightenment during this lifetime, except Shakyamuni.
Then, when he preached the Lotus Sutra, the Buddha flicked the switch. He turned on the light. He brought his disciples out of the darkness of ignorance and into the bright light of hope. He ‘blew their minds,’ so to speak.  
First, he changed his style of teaching. Instead of waiting for them to ask him a question, he asked them! He asked if they thought that he had first attained enlightenment at the age of thirty under the Bodhi tree as he had told them before.  They responded, ‘yes, that’s what we thought.’  Then he explained that that was not entirely accurate, and that he had in fact attained enlightenment billions of lifetimes ago - in the remote past. Some were shocked, but many kept listening. The Buddha further explained that life is eternal. 
Then he taught that anyone could become a Buddha in this lifetime through faith in the Lotus Sutra.  For the first time, women, artists, intellectuals, and evil people could realize their potential for enlightenment in this lifetime... without going through millions of future lifetimes to erase their negative karma. 
Thus, with the Lotus Sutra, not only did Shakyamuni change the time frame, but; he eliminated all the exclusions. Now, it took just this one lifetime, and no one was excluded! This was truly revolutionary.
Senji compared the Buddha to Moses.  Shakyamuni’s childhood was similar to the one experienced by Moses, who was abandoned on the Nile River by his mother.  Neither Moses nor Shakyamuni was raised by a mother. Both were raised to be kings – Moses: the King of Egypt; and Shakyamuni: the King of the Shakra Tribe in India.  And the history of Egypt, ‘home of the Pyramids;’ and the history of India, ‘the cradle of civilization’ are very similar. While one created ten laws in order to control behavior, the other discovered the universal law of cause and effect.
Shakyamuni Buddha further prophesized what would happen after his death for the next 10,000 years to come. One hundred years after the Buddha’s death, there was assembled a council of Buddhist leaders who documented Shakyamuni’s teachings.  Senji was there, too. All the teachings were organized and written down so they could be transmitted to future generations.   
The future, as outlined by Shakyamuni, was divided into three periods: 1) Shoho: the former day of the Law, which would last 1,000 years; 2) Zoho:  the middle day of the law, which would last an additional 1,000 years; and 3) Mappo:  the latter day of the law, which would last 10,000 years or more.





CHAPTER 3.
 
Ashoka The Great 
 
After Shakyamuni passed away at the age of eighty, his students, continued to practice by reciting his teachings from memory.  Two hundred years passed while Senji rested in Northern India, near the foot of the Himalayan Mountains.  During this time, a man named Ashoka became king. While the early part of Ashoka’s reign was quite bloody, he became a follower of the Buddha’s teaching after his conquest of Kalinga on the east coast of India.   The whole of Kalinga had been plundered and destroyed, with over 100,000 people being killed.  As the legend goes, one day after the war was over, Ashoka ventured out to roam the city and all he could see were burnt houses and scattered corpses. This sight made him sick and he cried the famous monologue:

“What have I done? If this is a victory, what's a defeat then? Is this a victory or a defeat? Is this justice or injustice? Is it gallantry or a rout? Is it valor to kill innocent children and women? Do I do it to widen the empire and for prosperity or to destroy the other's kingdom and splendor? One has lost her husband, someone else a father, someone a child, someone an unborn infant.... What's this debris of the corpses? Are these marks of victory or defeat? Are these vultures, crows, eagles the messengers of death or evil?” 

The brutality of the conquest led him to an abrupt spiritual awakening. He adopted Buddhism and used his position to propagate it as far as Greece, Rome and Egypt. Emperor Ashoka was the first attempt to develop a Buddhist policy.
Senji the rock witnessed this great transformation. After converting, Ashoka treated his subjects as equals regardless of their religion, politics or caste. The kingdoms surrounding his, which were so easily overthrown, previously, were now instead made into his allies.  He constructed hospitals for animals and he renovated roads. Soon he came to be known as Asoka, the follower of Dharma. This he defined as nonviolence, tolerance, obedience to parents, respect for other religious teachers and priests, humane treatment of servants, and generosity towards all.  Senji, the rock, marveled at the power Buddhism had to transform a society from violent into peaceful.
Ashoka the Great had many inscriptions carved on pillars and rocks throughout the empire.   Rocks became valuable for inscribing lessons and teachings. All his inscriptions show compassionate loving, and he addressed his people as his "children." 
Some of Ashoka’s own words from his stone Edicts are: "All men are my children. I am like a father to them. As every father desires the good and the happiness of his children, I wish that all men should be happy always." Also, in the Edicts, Asoka mentions Greek kings of the period as converts to Buddhism.
The rocks that were carved with writings and sent to Greece and Egypt were made at the stone quarry were Senji had been resting. He, along with other rocks, had been used as tablets and carving tools.  Since Senji still had a bit of a point from his days with Moses; Ashoka’s artisans noticed him immediately.  It was easy for Senji to write out the Buddhist teachings because he had memorized them.  In the hands of Abad, one of the greatest scribes in Asoka’s quarry, Senjis’ job became a joy. Abad even told people that whenever he picked up “that rock,” the words just seemed to ‘pop out’ on to the large stone tablets, as if his hand was being guided.  From the granite, jet, gold and opal inside Senji, came the lines:  ”All is transient,”  “Respect all people as if they were the Buddha,”   “Life is eternal,” and “We are all interconnected.” 



Chapter 4
Jesus and the Rock

In this way Buddhism spread, and Senji shared in its flow. As far as the Mediterranean, the Greek translation of the edicts of Asoka traveled, and Buddhism spread to Arabia, Egypt and Greece. That was during the two hundred year period before the birth of Jesus of Nazareth.  
The Buddhist concepts, such as:  karma, (paying back debts from past lives), the eternity of life, the universal law of cause and effect, and the existence of wisdom and compassion in all people, naturally appealed to great minds such as Jesus.  Somehow, via the famous Stone Edicts of Asoka, Senji, the rock, made it to Galilee.  
As the years passed, however, he remained in solitude on a mountain until a storm blew so strong that trees were ripped from their soil and tossed into the sky. Insects, animals, and millions of plants died.  
Senji found himself, in a lily pond, in Galilee, in the valley of the Jews. These Jews, who were descendents of the tribe of Abraham, Jacob and Moses; were waiting for a deliverer to come from among their people. 
“That’s the time when Buddhas appear,” thought Senji; “to uplift people from their suffering by giving them hope.” In spite of Moses’ leadership a thousand years prior and the existence of the Ten Commandments, the Jewish people were still looking for a ‘savior’ from outside themselves. 
It had been prophesized in traditional Jewish literature that a savior was to be born and become a King, called the Messiah, the ‘anointed one’ or ‘King of the Jews.’  As it turned out, a man named Jesus was born among the Jews. The story goes that he was born from a virgin mother. While the previous three great teachers Moses, Shakyamuni, and Asoka the Great, had all lost their mothers; this new teacher had no human father.  How interesting! 
He became a Rabbi (teacher) and began to awaken people to a new, more enlightened approach to Jewish faith.  He told them to: “Love thy neighbor as thyself,“ and “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.”  These concepts of benevolence and cause and effect are found in the teachings of the Buddha, and the ‘Edicts’ of Ashoka the Great. One of King Ashoka sayings, Edict XIII, states:  “Now Beloved-of-the-Gods thinks that even those who do wrong should be forgiven where forgiveness is possible.”   
Senji, the rock, was in Galilee when he heard Jesus preach. Although the teaching was familiar to him, Senji was still very inspired by Jesus.  This Rabbi’s fresh approach and gentle, yet, strong voice touched the hearts of his listeners deeply, and rekindled hope within them. These people were mostly poor and lived in depressed areas. 
Although, Jesus was a carpenter, wood was rare in that region during those days. The term ‘carpenter’ meant those who build with stones or rocks; and Jesus specialized in working with rocks.  He took delight in collecting them, studying them and using rocks to build things. One day Jesus picked up Senji and placed him in the pocket of his robe.  Rocks, like other insentient beings, give off an aura that can be sensed by humans unconsciously; and Jesus could sense the inner beauty and usefulness of Senji the rock.
Jesus, being very sensitive, was easily influenced by the wisdom of Buddhism.  His teaching: ”Love they neighbor as thyself” comes from Buddhism. Shakyamuni Buddha had taught that ‘we have all led an infinite number of previous lifetimes. So at one time, every man was our father and every woman was our mother.’   That is exactly what Jesus taught. Not only should we love and respect our parents, but all people as well.  This was a revolutionary doctrine in the Jewish faith.  
Senji became aware of a stream of thought, threading from Moses, through Shakyamuni to Jesus - like a river, flowing to Buddhism.  Jesus was re-stating the teachings of the Buddha, in a unique way.
Senji dreamed of telling people what he had learned. It seemed hopeless, but still he was not discouraged.  Sad to say, but Senji the rock witnessed the crucifixion of Jesus of Nazareth. Imagine killing a teacher for trying to empower people. This was another tragic example of man’s ignorance. 
 




Chapter 5
Kumarajiva, The Great Translator
 
Time moved on. Years passed. Then one day, Senji was picked up and twirled him around for hours by a strong hurricane. He landed beside a stream near the base of Mt. Everest, miles away. 
There he sat for many years. One day, a caravan passed by that was traveling through Tibet to China. A little girl with the caravan named Jiva picked up the rock and started playing with it.   She hid Senji in her father’s saddle pouch.  Jiva played with Senji and other toys for years. When she grew up, she married an Indian man of noble birth.  Soon she gave birth to a son, and named him: Kumarajiva.  Her son was exceptionally bright and memorized many teachings by the age of seven. Kumarajiva also played with Senji; who was present as the young lad studied, and learned.  Kumarajiva read the sacred texts, and learned the teachings of the Buddha.  Then, at the age of twelve, Kumarajiva left his home town with his mother, and traveled to the city of Turpan, which was home of 10,000 monks. This was about three hundred years after the death of Jesus.
Kumarajiva became a follower of the Buddha and also studied the works of Nagarjuna, a Buddhist scholar.
Nagarjuna, who had lived in India one hundred years earlier, taught about ‘sunyata,’ also known as “ku.”  It means non-substantiality, void or emptiness. Nagarjuna had developed the concept from Shakyamuni's principle of dependent origination, which means that everything is connected to everything else.  
Nagarjuna believed that since everything arises and continues to exist by virtue of its relationship with other phenomena, it has no fixed or independent substance of its own. Since nothing is absolutely fixed, it means that there is nothing that cannot be changed. If nothing exists entirely on it’s own; and no form is unchangeable; then the universe is always full of new opportunities.  
According to Nagarjuna, everything changes in appearance and nature.  Senji and Kumarajiva came to understand that the important thing was to create a positive relationship with ones’ surroundings at every moment.  No matter how painful any event may be, one can still create positive meaning from it, depending on how one responds. Our reactions, however, are not determined merely by intellectual understanding but by the state of our inner being. 
Senji learned that, to fall under the misconception that one is 'completely' independent of others is to become alienated from the world.  This is a fundamental illusion that humans tend to experience.  It is the negative side of ‘self-identity.’ 
“When a baby is born,” thought Senji, “it knows nothing. Only by developing a separate self-identity can the baby function in the world. This self-identity, although essential, can have a side effect of selfishness, and this selfishness can become self-defeating.”
Ashoka the Great realized this, and that’s why he changed.  All things, including one’s own life, exist in relations with other phenomena; and one can never become happy by building one’s happiness upon the unhappiness of others.
Eventually, Kumārajīva was brought to Chang’an, China; and was introduced to the emperor Yao Xing, the court, and the Buddhist leaders. He was hailed as a great master from the West, and given the title of “National Teacher.” The Emperor looked upon him as his own teacher, and many Chinese Buddhists flocked to him. 
Kumārajīva had a major influence on Emperor Yao Xing's actions later on, helping him become compassionate. At the emperor’s request, Kumārajīva translated many sutras into Chinese; including the Lotus Sutra. The Emperor also built many towers and temples. Because of the influence of Kumārajīva and the Emperor, 90% of the population in that part of China became Buddhist.  Once again Senji witnessed how Buddhist ideas can create a harmonious and peaceful culture in any society. 
In translating the Lotus Sutra, Kumarajiva revolutionized Chinese Buddhism, in clarity. His style was distinctive, possessing a flowing smoothness that conveyed the true meaning as opposed to the literal translation.
The Lotus Sutra is made up of questions and answers between Shakyamuni Buddha and his disciples. It contains stories, in the form of both prose and poetry. In the 16th chapter, for example, it states:

“Since I attained Buddhahood 
Number of kalpas that have passed
Is an immeasurable hundreds, thousands, ten thousands, 
Millions,  trillions,  asamkhyas.
Constantly I have preached the Law, teaching, converting
Countless millions of living beings,
Causing them to enter the Buddha way….”

Kumarajiva’s translations of the sutras from Sanskrit and Pali into Chinese are considered the best in the world.  Senji watched as Kumarajiva’s life unfolded. This was in 400 AD. 
Years later Senji was taken to Korea; and offered, by the Chinese, as a good luck token of trust and friendship to the leaders in Korea; where Buddhism was well accepted. 
By around 800 AD, the principles of Buddhism, including: karma, enlightenment, wisdom, and the law of impermanence spread to Japan.  Since humans are diverse, forgetful and sometimes arrogant; however; many confusing viewpoints emerged, and once again society fell into a state of turmoil. 





CHAPTER 6
 
Nichiren Daishonin and
The Rebirth of Buddhism  
  
For the next four hundred years Buddhism survived in Japan, but in varying forms. Little by little priests would mix Buddhist teachings with other philosophies, add their own deluded opinions, or use those distorted teachings as a tool to control the people for personal gain; and thus losing the true spirit of the founder. 
Senji ended up in Buddhist temple in Seicho-ji, Japan. He had been brought there from Korea.  For some reason the Chinese leaders had started the tradition of the sending ‘the rock’ along with teachings of the Buddha…. maybe as a paperweight when unrolling and reading the sacred scrolls.  The rock also symbolized the solid trust the Chinese wanted to develop with the Koreans. 
At Seicho-ji temple, many young boys would gather to study. One of these boys was Zennichi-maro.  He was born on February 16, 1222 in the countryside of eastern Japan, as the son of a fisherman. In those days, Japan was a class society, and fishermen, as a class, were looked down upon.   
Even though he was not from royalty, Zennichi-maro had an inquisitive mind and a sensitive heart. He was very precocious and prayed to become the wisest man in Japan at the age of twelve. He studied diligently, so he could understand the essence of Buddhism.   
Being that Japan was basically a Buddhist country, there were hundreds of sects, and everyone was a member of one or another. There were no secular schools; so if you wanted an education, you had to study at a Buddhist temple.
Senji the rock felt very close to this boy. He noticed in him the same sensitivity and desire for the truth he witnessed in other philosophers. When Zennichi-maro turned sixteen, he became a priest and changed his name to Zesho-bo Rencho. Then, at the age of twenty he started traveling to other temples to deepen his understanding.  His intense curiosity took him throughout Japan to the Kamakura and the Kyoto-Nara regions. He studied the sutras and commentaries of all the major sects; including Zen, Ritsu, Shingon, Pure Land, etc. He also studied Japanese and Chinese history, becoming well versed in the teachings of Confucius and T’ien-T’ai the Great of China; among others. He became a voracious reader and writer.  
When he compared what he had read and studied with the prevailing Buddhist attitudes of the day, he saw drastic differences.  It became clear that the confusion came about due to many sects holding on to the Pre-Lotus teachings. 
After all, the teachings of Shakyamuni can be divided into the first forty-two years of preparatory teachings and the last eight years when he taught the Lotus Sutra.  One was to prepare his students for the true teaching and the other was the true teaching itself. 
In the preparatory teachings, as Nichiren discovered, women, intellectuals, artists and evil people were excluded as potential candidates for enlightenment. Also, the Buddha and the common mortal were thought to be completely separate; and cause and effect were not considered to be simultaneous.  So if you were to follow the pre-Lotus Sutra teachings of the Buddha, the effect would not appear until some lifetime in the distant future. 
In the Lotus Sutra all these exclusions are eliminated and all these time delays are dispensed with. For the first time anyone could attain enlightenment, right here and right now. That was promised in the Lotus Sutra, and only in the Lotus Sutra. Furthermore, even Shakyamuni Buddha himself told his disciples to do away with the provisional teachings he used during the first forty–two years, before he preached the Lotus Sutra.
So, why were the Buddhist priests in Japan holding on to archaic ideas, that even their mentor, Shakyamuni, told them to dispense with? That is the question. Why do people tend to stubbornly hold on to antiquated ideas that are no longer true or valuable?                                                                                                                                                                                                     
Obviously, the Lotus Sutra is superior, and it represents the true heart of the Buddha. So Zesho-bo embraced it, as did T’ien’tai the Great previously in China.   Even though some of the other priests knew about the Lotus Sutra’s superiority, they doubted the people’s ability to practice it. They therefore held on to provisional ideas or created their own concepts so that they would not have to teach or practice the Lotus Sutra. If, for example the people truly embraced the Lotus Sutra, they might not need priests or temples anyway.  If the “Buddha-nature” is within and accessible to all, what hold would these other priests have on to their congregation? They might loose their livelihood and their status. Furthermore, to practice the Lotus Sutra requires courage and fortitude, and these requirements were not attractive to most priests, who were accustomed to taking the easy way out.
Zesho-bo was also very alarmed at the conditions in the society. There were frequent floods, typhoons, earthquakes, fires, and much internal strife. Perhaps the confusion in Buddhist theory was connected to the great suffering in the environment. After all, if Buddhism were true, why would there be such disorder in a Buddhist country? 
It is because the sutras (books, teachings and ideas) that were the basis of the prevailing Japanese Buddhist sects were outdated and should have been abandoned. They were only stepping stones, in the same way that math is a stepping-stone to algebra; and algebra prepares you for geometry. Even Senji realized this. 
Senji loved to see the workings of Zesho-bo‘s mind, because this youth was wise and logical; and he possessed the attitude, intellect and heart necessary to make a change.  When Zesho-bo studied the twenty-eight chapters of the Lotus Sutra, Senji was by his side. It was common for people to carry their rock, to help light fires, to act as a paperweight, or to sand down, sharpen, and file things. So when Zesho-bo awakened to the doctrine of universal Buddhahood, Senji’s temperature went up. 
Senji had seen the wonderful effect on a county when the true spirit of Buddhism becomes the basis of its laws and policies, such as in India, China, and in Korea. There is harmony. Now, however, Senji witnessed the opposite effect, when the true spirit is trampled on, and the society goes into a spiral of degradation and decay. Most had lost all hope, and many lost their lives.
In 1253, Zesho-bo decided to reveal what he had learned, and he changed his name to Nichiren, meaning ‘Sun-Lotus.’  In one of his writings, which refers to Shakyamuni, he stated;  ”The Immeasurable Meanings Sutra says: “[Because people’s natures and desires are not alike], I preached the Law in various different ways. Preaching the Law in various different ways, I made use of the power of expedient means. But in these more than forty years, I have not yet revealed the truth.”  
Here Nichiren explains why one should embrace the Lotus Sutra, and not hold on to the expedient means found in the pre-lotus teachings.  It’s like constructing a building.  During the construction process it is very useful to put up scaffolding for support; so the workers can climb up, level by level, to build the property.  However, once the building is completed, naturally the scaffolding will be taken down. It would be ridiculous as well as dangerous to keep the scaffolding there even though the building has been completed. 
To Senji, it was like: discarding the deluded in favor of the enlightened.  Nichiren also gave the analogy of the sun and a candle. In the dark of the night, for example, a candle can be very helpful in order to see. However, when morning arrives and the sun is shining bright in the sky is it foolish to keep walking around with a candle in order to see clearly.  When new, complete, and wiser teachings come forth, it is foolish to withhold your acceptance simply because they are new or different than ‘the ways of the past.’ If something is truly better, that’s it… it’s better. You should embrace it. 
There were also warnings of persecution in the Lotus Sutra, where it stated that: 2,000 years after the death of Shakyamuni, if anyone were to promote and praise the Lotus Sutra, that person would experience slander and persecution.  So Nichiren was aware of what would happen, and this is what he said… 
“I, Nichiren, am the only person in all Japan who understands this.  But If I utter so much as a word concerning it, then parents, brothers, and teachers will surely censure me, and the ruler of the nation will take steps against me.  On the other hand, I am fully aware that if I do not speak out I will be lacking in compassion.  I have considered which course to take in light of the teachings of the Lotus and Nirvana Sutras.  If I remain silent, I may escape persecutions in this lifetime, but in my next life I will most certainly fall into the hell of incessant suffering. If I speak out, I am fully aware that I will have to contend with the three obstacles and four devils.  But of these two courses, surely the latter is the one to choose.”
Only after great contemplation did he decide to bravely move forward. He returned to Seicho-ji Temple, where his former teacher and fellow students were waiting and delivered a brilliant sermon on April 28, 1253. Then and there, he chanted Nam-myoho-renge-kyo, and founded ‘Actual Mahayana Buddhism.’ There he revealed the true teaching for attaining enlightenment for the next 10,000 years or more: Faith, Practice and Study based on chanting Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. 
With a fury, the persecutions Nichiren had suspected started that same day. When the priests of other sects heard about what he was teaching, they formed alliances with the samurai government and attempted to kill him, but Nichiren escaped.  For the rest of his life he promoted, taught, and wrote about his philosophy, which came to be known as ‘Nichiren Buddhism.’ Regardless of the countless difficulties and persecutions, Nichiren never retreated.  
In his “Treatise On Establishing The Correct Teaching for the Peace of the Land,” Nichiren explains what were the conditions in Japan at this time, stating: 
”In recent years, there have been unusual disturbances in the heavens, strange occurrences on earth, famine and pestilence, all affecting every corner of the empire and spreading throughout the land. Oxen and horses lie dead in the streets, and the bones of the stricken crowd the highways. Over half the population has already been carried off by death, and there is hardly a single person who does not grieve.” 

In spite of the miserable conditions of the day, on the one hand; and the great potential of Buddhism to end suffering, on the other; the priesthood in Japan did nothing. Rather than embrace Nichiren, whose ideas would have benefitted society greatly, they attacked him. Evidently most priests were more interested in appearance, position, and economic power.  To maintain the facade of prestige and status these priests had to obtain financial support from the samurai warriors, the government shogun, and general members. Helping the people and the country wasn’t their priority. Isn’t it sad that once humans find something great; they tend to formalize it, alter it and bureaucratize it? Too often, form takes priority over content; and the superficial take precedence over the essence of an idea.  
Nichiren had found the essence of the Buddha’s teaching in the Lotus Sutra; which guarantees absolute happiness and enlightenment to all people. 
The Japanese translation of the title of the Lotus Sutra is “Myoho Renge Kyo.”  ‘Myo’ means mystic or wondrous, and ‘Ho’ means Law. ‘Renge’ means lotus flower. It symbolizes the simultaneous nature of cause and effect, because (unlike other plants) it seeds and blossoms at the same time. ‘Kyo’ can be translated as sutra, voice, or the teachings of the Buddha.  When he made that discovery, he invoked the name of the Law of the Universe, Nam-myoho-renge-kyo, to reveal Buddhahood from within.  Mankind was ready, so the Buddha appeared in response to the needs of the people, because timing is extremely important. 
Nichiren is called ‘the true Buddha,’ because he revealed the correct teaching for the attaining enlightenment for all people for the time period of Mappo, which will last for 10,000 years and more. 
Nichiren taught people to chant Nam-myoho-renge-kyo to harnesses the power of life’s physical and spiritual aspects, and directly access their “Buddha–nature.” Senji could not chant; but he wished he could. Just to have such a wish is a sign of a seeking mind, which is a key to attaining enlightenment. 
Seven years later, in 1260, Nichiren formally began his struggle to change society by submitting his Treatise on Establishing the Correct Teaching for the Peace of the Land to the government. Again Nichiren was attacked and the following year he was exiled to Izu Peninsula for two years.  In this ‘Treatise’ he warned the government of impending internal strife and foreign invasion.  Eleven years later, in 1271, Nichiren was arrested on false charges and condemned to death. He was taken in the middle of the night to Tatsuno-kuchi Beach. 
On the way there, he chastised a ‘Buddhist god,’ named Hachiman; and demanded that this so-called “God” fulfill his vow to protect believers in the Lotus Sutra.  This ‘god’ was one of the protective forces in the universe that had taken the form of a statue.  A short time later, when the executioner was about to behead Nichiren, a bright meteor-like object appeared streaking across the sky. The soldiers were so frightened that they ran away and decided not to execute Nichiren. At that time, he again declared that if the government did not heed his warnings, and embrace the Law, their attitude would bring about the two disasters he mentioned earlier.  After this thwarted attempt on his life, he was exiled to Sado Island. Then, just as he had proclaimed, a political disturbance occurred, fulfilling his prediction of internal strife.  Later, after he was pardoned, the first Mongol invasion took place, fulfilling his second prophecy of foreign invasion. 
Nichiren was a prolific writer who penned hundreds of letters and treatises to his disciples, clarifying Buddhism for generations to come. His teaching, that environmental conditions are reflections of the inner life conditions of individual people, is profound.  
With the correct philosophy, people can change anything. The environment is the shadow, the individual is the body; and the shadow always follows the body.  When you move left, your shadow moves left. You cannot escape your shadow; it will always show you what is right or wrong and what you need to change.
But how can we clearly see our shadow and know what needs to be changed? That is the question Senji asked.





Chapter 7
 The Buddha Creates the Gohonzon

To change our environment we must change ourselves. That is the secret Nichiren had discovered. 
Most people in power did not want to change their selves or the status quo, however. So they attacked Nichiren. Although he was persecuted, the obstacles only made him stronger. As the faith of his disciples grew deeper, he became convinced that the time had come to complete his mission. Therefore, in 1279, he inscribed a mandala called the Dai-Gohonzon, as an embodiment of his life condition… for the sake of World Peace for all Mankind for all time. This mandala, or cluster of blessings, functions as a mirror to our own inner Buddhahood. It is made of dark wood and is about the size of a door. It is carved in Japanese Kanji and the characters are inlaid in gold. 
He also inscribed various Gohonzon, in the form of paper scrolls, using sumi ink; and gave them to specific disciples.  He once told his disciples: “Believe in the Gohonzon with your whole heart, I have inscribed my life in Sumi ink.”  What he meant was that he inscribed the formula for his success or the recipe for Buddhahood. He also said, “Do not seek this Gohonzon outside yourself.”  That makes it clear that Buddhahood resides nowhere but inside your true self. It is limitlessly empowering! It is all inside, however, one needs an object outside to activate the potential that lies hidden within. This is analogous to Beethoven needing a piano to activate the latent musical genius lying hidden within, or a match requiring contact with a flint in order to activate its potential and create a flame.
The Gohonzon is unique. Senji realized that neither Moses, nor Shakyamuni, nor Jesus ever created such an object. “Go” means true or honorable, and “honzon” means object of respect; “Dai” means great. The Gohonzon is a focal point that functions as a mirror.  This mirror lets you see yourself from the eyes of the Buddha, within.  It lets you see your weaknesses from the viewpoint of your own higher self; and it reveals your hidden strengths so you can gain confidence to march toward your own happiness.  It also lets you glimpse the fundamental darkness that exists inside that is always trying to destroy you. This is a monumental process than no other teaching even offers, more or less can fulfill. All previous teachings or philosophies that Senji had encountered focused on the outside - on a God, a savior, or a hero.  The Gohonzon focuses you on the inside, on your own inner self.
Now, for the first time, humans have a roadmap to happiness inside.  In fact, seeking happiness outside, without deep introspection is like trying to start a fire without a flint or satisfy ones hunger without food.  It’s impossible. If the solution to your problems must come from outside, it is impossible to take responsibility.  However, if the solution is inside, then you can take full responsibility to make the changes necessary. That’s empowerment.
In his writing, called “The Three Kinds of Treasures,” Nichiren states; “The purpose of the appearance in this world of Shakyamuni Buddha, the lord of teachings, lies in his behavior as a human being.” That’s why Buddhists chant to improve themselves. They realize that behavior is the best judge of a person's character, and only through their behavior can then they show actual proof of the power of Nam- myoho-renge-kyo.
Nichiren placed himself, his character and his behavior, as a role model, in the Gohonzon. The Gohonzon displays all the various life conditions people can experience, guided by, balanced by, influenced by, and enlightened by the “Buddha–nature.” By chanting to the Gohonzon, based on the oneness of subject and object (you being the subject and the Gohonzon being the object) you activate the Gohonzon or Buddha nature within.
Before Nichiren passed away he designated his disciple Nikko as the second High Priest and issued a document telling all practitioners to support his choice of Nikko. Through Nikko’s efforts, and those of his disciple, Nichimoku Shonin, the foundation was laid for the preservation of Nichiren Buddhism, for 700 years to come. This is a beautiful tribute to ‘the oneness of mentor and disciple’ attained by Nichiren and Nikko.   
But there is still more to the story.
  




Chapter 8.
Tsunesaburo Makiguchi
 
Senji witnessed hypocrisy, during the life of Nichiren and after his death.  Some followers found it difficult to grasp the heart of his teachings. After Nichiren died, five of the senior Priests he had selected turned against Nikko; and attempted to create their own form of Buddhism.  Thus, Nikko was forced to leave Mount Minobu with the Dai-Gohonzon in order to preserve the purity of Nichiren’s teaching.  Nikko's strong faith and loyalty are the epitome of the ‘Oneness of Mentor and Disciple.’ 
It is difficult to imagine how Nikko must have felt. After all, those priests were his fellow students and friends for years. Yet they abandoned him. His loneliness and shock at their betrayal must have hurt to the bone. Human nature is so fickle. 
Nikko moved the Nichiren Temple to the foot of Mt. Fuji at Taisekiji.  There, along with disciples like Nanjo Tokimitsu and Shijo Kingo, he continued to spread the teachings, until he died in 1333, fifty years after the death of Nichiren. 
During this time the disciples contributed to the temple grounds, planted pine trees, built temple loggings and landscaping facilities.   Senji went with Nikko, and got to know the disciples better. He stayed on the alter in a temple, as a symbol of the cosmic nature of Buddhahood.
From 1282 - 1333, there were also other changes in Senji's situation.   One day, one of the young student priests was asked to clean the alter where Senji the rock had been placed. Not knowing any better, he inadvertently took Senji out into the Rock Garden and placed him on a large vase. There, Senji sat for years.
At the time, from the 1300’s up to the twentieth century, however, Japan was a feudal empire, controlled by the emperor and the military. Their goal was to preserve their own power and enlarge their empire. So, spreading a teaching of universal equality and dignity for the sake of the common people was not yet feasible. Only time could tell what would happen next. 
Senji sat in the Rock Garden at the Main Temple at Taisekeji for what seemed to be - an eternity.   At night he could sense millions of stars sparkling in pure infinite space. Lonely, he pondered....
Later, as the years went by, came the rains, the wind, the snow and the heat. The birds, insects and rodents were there too. Senji was never alone, but he yearned to see the mystic law spread.
Then it happened.
It was the first day of spring in 1929.  A group of businessmen and teachers came strolling through Taisekeji grounds with some of the priests. One of the men, seemed very open minded and inquisitive. He was talking with the priests about the Gohonzon and World Peace. He starred at Senji the rock, and Senji back at him. The two sensed an affinity. The man bent down and picked up the rock. He held it in his hand; thinking: “What a nice looking Buddhist rock.” Senji smiled inside. So the man put it in his pocket and took it back home to Tokyo. 
That man was Tsunesaburo Makiguchi. He was a fifty-eight year old educator and writer. Actually, his first book was called ‘Human Geography,’ so he was naturally interested in nature and rocks. He placed the rock on his desk, as he explained to his wife, "This is a rock I found at Taisekeji, I brought it home as a remembrance of my first view of the Dai-Gohonzon.  The Nichiren Head temple is really beautiful and pristine." 
Senji found a new home on Makiguchi's desk.  As he started to see Buddhism through the eyes of Makiguchi, his appreciation grew.    Makiguchi understood how to use Buddhist principles in education and society. After all, he thought, 'What good is a philosophy if no one can follow it, or apply it in their daily life?' The important thing was improving people’s lives, today, not in some distant future.  
This was during very difficult times economically and socially. After all, the Great Depression had begun in 1929. The world financial crises caused millions to become jobless. Makiguchi saw the need to spread what he had learned, because the Japanese people of his time were being used as slaves of the state. They were being taught that what came first was not their own happiness, but rather blind obedience and unquestionable service to the State. 
Therefore on November 18, 1930 he did something quite wonderful and amazing.  Not only had Makiguchi found the treasure of Nichiren Buddhism, but he opened it up, like a gift-wrapped package of brilliant light, and delivered it to the human race, in the form of a great organization.
He founded the Soka Gakkai.
It is virtually impossible to over-state the importance of this event. The Sokagakkai became the community of believers, like the one Shakyamuni had founded 2,500 years before.
“There is a heart of gold in man,” thought Senji the rock.  "It is the “Buddha-nature,” and no one can deny it.  Makiguchi found it, embodied it, and was staking his life upon its principles."
Senji the rock knew this, and soon the whole world would learn of this man who proved that ‘the time was right.’ 
Tsunesaburo Makiguchi was committed to the happiness of young people. He worked hard so that disadvantaged children could have equal opportunities. This devotion led him into conflict with politicians and educators, and he was often the target of jealousy. Nevertheless, the schools in which he was the principal became known for their high standards. 
Along with his twenty-eight year old disciple, Josei Toda, he founded the organization originally called ‘Soka Kyoiku Gakkai,’ which means ‘Value Creation Education Society.’ Makiguchi believed that happiness lies in creating value.  He was committed to scientific rationalism; yet he never denied the importance of religion; as long as it was meaningful to the real world.  Writing in 1935, Makiguchi described his background as follows: 

“As my research into The System of Value-Creating Pedagogy advanced and I was preparing to publish the first volume, I was moved by chance to research the Lotus Sutra, and my attitude towards religion underwent a profound transformation. Although born into a family of adherents of the Zen sect of Buddhism and raised in one belonging to a Lotus Sutra school, I lacked any sentiment of faith. In the years of my youth, when I was struggling in the effort to study and learn, the teachers and friends whom I most loved and respected were for the most part Christians, but I never reached the point of actually taking faith. After coming to Tokyo as an adult, I found that Confucian virtues alone could not relieve feelings of intolerable anxiety and so I again did Zen meditation, listened to the teachings of Christianity, learned the methods of deep breathing and looked into other religious teachings. While I developed some feelings of faith for these, I never entered deeply into any of them. ... In none of them could I sense the power that could either overturn my scientific and philosophical orientation, or harmonize with it.“ 

Continuing, Makiguchi describes his experience of inner change through Buddhist practice: 

“But when I encountered the Lotus Sutra, I was astonished to discover that it in no way contradicted the scientific and philosophical principles which form the basis for our daily lives, and that it differed fundamentally from all religious and moral practices which I had studied to date. And just as I found myself moved by this discovery, I experienced a number of inexplicable phenomena in my daily life, which accorded precisely with the teachings of the Lotus Sutra. When I eventually made the firm determination to adopt this faith, I was able to affirm, in the actualities of daily life, the truth of the words of Nichiren Daishonin: "When the skies are clear, the ground is illuminated. Similarly, when one knows the Lotus Sutra, one understands the meaning of all worldly affairs." And with a joy that is beyond the power of words to express, I completely renewed the basis of the life I had led for almost 60 years. The sense of unease, of groping my way in the dark, was entirely dissipated; my lifelong tendency to withdraw into thought disappeared; my sense of purpose in life steadily expanded in scope and ambition, and I was freed from all fears; I became possessed with the irresistible and bold desire to effect the reform of national education with as much haste as was humanly possible.” 

Makiguchi found that Nichiren's vision was in harmony with his own, and concurred with the warning to "rely on the Law, not on the person.” As Makiguchi's ideas evolved, he stated: “…As I developed some faith and understanding in the Lotus Sutra, I was astonished to discover, quite unexpectedly, that it accorded with the progressive development within my own thinking of which I had not been consciously aware….”   
Makiguchi also distinguished between "believers" and "practitioners," stressing the importance of an "active practice" that transforms reality.  Senji agreed, for he knew that karma means action, and only through action can one change ones’ karma.  Some priests looked down upon Makiguchi’s emphasis on sharing the philosophy with others. To these priests, ordinary believers were only members to be serviced (like customers or clients) in return for donations.  For centuries, basically only the priests chanted Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. But this ran counter to Nichiren and Makiguchi's ideas. If Nam-myoho-renge-kyo were indeed as effective as he felt it to be, to fail to share it with others would be an act of intolerable selfishness. Senji felt that, when you compare the teachings of Nichiren with the actions of Makiguchi, you will clearly see the ‘Oneness of Mentor and Disciple’ at work.
Makiguchi also stated: “The practical consequences of failing to do good are no different from those of doing evil.” 
To Senji it was rare to find someone with such an incisive mind and strong will. While most people worshipped money or just followed the crowd, Makiguchi was different. His disciple, Josei Toda was also a unique individual, and the two of them, if we borrow a phrase from Mr. Daisaku Ikeda, were an ‘imposing duo in the world of religious philosophy.’   
Makiguchi’s organization spread True Buddhism through intimate discussion meetings; and by 1943, the membership grew to over 3,000. However, the ideal of individual empowerment stood in direct opposition to Japans’ Shinto war machine of brutal imperialism; and 1943, Makiguchi and Toda, were arrested and imprisoned as ‘thought criminals.’ Because of his intense study, Makiguchi was prepared for such persecution, which always accompanies true revolutionaries.  It is a grave mark on the Japanese authorities, however, that Mr. Makiguchi died in prison on November 18, 1944, due to malnutrition and privations. 
When Toda received the news, while in prison, that Makiguchi, had died; he was heart broken.  Yet, Josei Toda summoned up a profound determination from the depths of his sorrow, along with a burning sense of righteous indignation. The cause of killing, by imprisoning, Makiguchi, was an extremely evil cause. Since the country, in essence, made the cause, the country would experience the effect.  
Nichiren had made the prediction of foreign invasion seven hundred years prior. Now, when the Japanese authorities arrested Makiguchi, their cowardly act of betrayal triggered the fulfilling of that prophesy. The power of the bond between Makiguchi, Toda, and Nichiren would be recognized soon.


        


Chapter 9
Jose Toda

It was 1945 and World War II had been going on for over five years.  The Japanese and the whole world had been thrown into an abyss of hell. The number of people killed or injured was astronomical - twenty million plus. Even the survivors were victims in many ways, and no one remained totally untouched. Japan had embarked on a campaign of world domination by attacking Asia and the United States. Although Senji the rock had witnessed tragedies before under Attila the Hun, Alexander the Great, and even Ashoka the Great, nothing could compare to World War II. 
Now in July 1945, after being released, as Toda walked through the burnt out streets of Tokyo; man’s inhumanity to man rang home with a deathly bitterness.  Senji watched as Toda walked out of prison to greet his wife and family. His physical weakness after two years of malnutrition and solitary confinement were evident in every painful step. Yet he kept walking forward.  The city he once knew as a beautiful, bustling marketplace had been reduced to a dreary scene of destruction. Senji could feel Toda’s indignation. The karma of Japan was coming out, as it was experiencing retribution from persecuting Nichiren and Makiguchi.  Inside Toda, from the depths of his grief, welled up an ironclad determination to avenge his mentor by building an organization of empowered humanistic disciples. 
Nichiren Buddhism exists for the sake of people who are suffering from poor health, financial problems, corruption in government, etc. That is why Makiguchi and Toda embraced Nichiren. It was like embracing hope, for without hope all is lost.
“I’ll show them the greatness of my mentor, I’ll wake them up to the ‘Buddha-nature’ they possess inside,” was Toda’s determination. So he repaid his debt of gratitude to Makiguchi by resurrecting the Soka Gakkai.  
Senji realized that assuming a ‘debt of gratitude’ means that you voluntarily feel or assume a debt to someone for giving you something of great value, whether physical or spiritual.  Of course you need to be bright enough to see what is of value and what is not. If you cannot recognize true value when it is right before your eyes, then all is lost. The gift that Makiguchi gave was from his heart. No one asked him to do it; and he asked nothing in return. He simply stood up to share and promote True Buddhism. It is not necessary to say that Nichiren Buddhism is the only way. It is, however, a way. But the fact that its practitioners were so persecuted and hated by the ‘authorities,’ shows it must be something very powerful indeed, otherwise the government would not have been so afraid of it.
Josei Toda felt so honored to go to prison with Makiguchi, that he determined to share with others his sense of gratitude. This gratitude, along with the action to manifest it, is what makes one truly human and able to become a Buddha. Although called a debt, it is really a gift. Since Toda loved and respected his mentor so much and felt so strongly about what he had done, he wanted to repay with gratitude. It’s as if he took on Makiguchi’s karmic debt himself and repaid it on his mentor’s behalf.
The suffering of the people was due to their governments' arrogant treatment of Nichiren’s disciples, and within a month, the strictness of the law of cause and effect would become evident to the entire world.  On August 6, 1945, at 8:30 in the morning the United States dropped on the City of Hiroshima in Japan the first Atomic Bomb the world had ever seen.  The war was over in two days. The destruction of this bomb went far beyond everyone‘s wildest imagination. Not only were over 100,000 people killed instantly but millions were severely affected for generations to time.
This horrendous event shook the world to its core. Never before had mankind seen such a destructive and evil weapon.   A bomb that could kill 100,000 people or more, instantly, was beyond belief. 
But what could come from this horror? What would come from mankind’s darkest day, and how would Toda respond? That is the question.
At the end of World War II, Japan was a totally devastated country. Its cultural heritage of emperor worship was shaken to its core. The infrastructure of buildings, roads, houses, and schools was obliterated. The political structure was completely revamped and Japan was turned into a democracy. While businesses struggled to begin again; thousands even committed suicide as an expression of their shame and hopelessness, for years to come. 
Yet, from this evil came something beautiful; namely, democracy and freedom of religion - for the first time. But, how could darkness be the stimulus for so much light? How could so much unhappiness and misery be the beginning of unparalleled joy and progress? 
There is a saying in Buddhism…. “After the greatest misfortune comes the greatest fortune.”  That is exactly what happened to Japan after World War II.
This was an amazing time in history. Because Josei Toda had attained Enlightenment while in prison; he was aware of the Lotus Sutra, and the Law of Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. Armed with his strong faith; this thin, ninety pound man with tuberculosis, diphtheria, lice and malnutrition set out all alone, on a voyage to build the greatest organization for world peace ever seen in the history of the human race. The vast majority of the Sokagakkai's former members had renounced their faith during the war, so there were few believers left. Actually, you could say that this man had nothing - accept his faith. His businesses were in shambles, his health was destroyed, and his mentor had died. He was left with nothing accept his faith. That is why Toda is great. 
From his faith he made a strong determination; he began; and he accomplished his goal 100%.
But how did this actually come about?
Well, if there is a rule or a true universal law, it must be enforceable and it must be enforced. If it were not enforced, then it would be only a theory without any meaning or substance. If Nam-myoho-renge-kyo is truly a law, and Makiguchi was propagating it, then he was making a supremely good and righteous cause. If he was imprisoned and killed by the Japanese authorities, then they were making a supremely evil cause. They must be punished. If not, it would not be a Law. 
The mystic law of Nam-myoho-renge-kyo is not a secular law created by a congress or a king. It is the name of The Law of The Universe (and, as far as we know there is only one universe). So, it must be enforced, not by the government, but by the universe.

Seven hundred years earlier, when Nichiren was about to be beheaded, a meteor came from the sky. This time, because Makiguchi was a true disciple, an atom bomb came from the sky. The parallels are unmistakable.
Realizing this, Senji the rock was beside himself. He was shaking inside; the gold was melting and the diamonds were sparkling. After all, how would it be possible with no power, no status, no money, and few believers, for one man, like Toda, to build such an organization as the Sokagakkai with over 750,000 members in just 13 years? There is only one answer: it was the right man, at the right time, at the right place, armed with absolute faith in the right Law… Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. The Law worked. You could say that ‘Toda worked The Law.’
It proves that human beings are not puppets, controlled by some grand puppeteer. They are not slaves of the state, pawns or toys.  Buddhism teaches that human beings are supreme entities of the universe. Nothing has greater potential or more dignity than a single human being.
Faith must absolutely result in the betterment of the individual; making him wiser and stronger; and enabling him to harmonize with the cosmos.  That is exactly what faith in Nam-myoho-renge-kyo was able to do for the Japanese SGI members. A faith that creates narrow-minded, dependent, un-empowered people who only live for the moment without any thought of cause of effect or the future; that is a weak faith.  A faith that creates cowards, depressed people, murders and thieves, is not real faith at all. A weak faith will accept you as you are without demanding any improvement. After all such a faith has no power so why could it demand that you change any way? 
A strong faith in an absolute law, will accept you, and yet demand and encourage you to grow, self-reflect, and advance every day. Such a 'real faith' will require you to become the best you can be, and ceaselessly demonstrate its power through your behavior. 
While in prison, Josei Toda came to realize that ‘Buddha is life itself.’ Upon his release from prison on July 3, 1945, he sat out to change the world. First, he changed the organization's name to Soka Gakkai, and then began to spread the Law.




Chapter 10
Daisaku Ikeda
 
Toda once said,  
"You can either tell yourself, 'It's too hard, I don't think I'll be able to do it,' or 'Yes, I can do this. Let me at it!’  Only a fine line separates the two. But I'll tell you one thing: if you work like crazy, you'll come to display capabilities that you never knew you had--potentials that you always possessed, but never tapped." 
What a beautiful sentiment. How encouraging.
 
From an attendance of only ten at his first lecture on the Lotus Sutra in 1945, Mr. Toda and his disciples built the membership to 750,000 by 1958. This was unheard of in the history of Buddhism. In fact it’s unheard of anywhere. None of this would have been possible without the principles of “Freedom of Religion” firmly implanted in the new Japanese Constitution, with the wise aid of U.S. General Douglas MacArthur. As tragic and sad as the war was, it’s end brought to Japan for the first time in its history a democratic constitution. Because Buddhism is a life philosophy of the people, for the people and by the people; it needs democracy to flourish
The Sokagakkai’s movement for “World Peace,” called Kosen Rufu, however; would never have progressed as it did without the support and leadership of Toda’s young disciple: Daisaku Ikeda.  In August 1947, at the age of nineteen, Daisaku Ikeda attended a Soka Gakkai discussion meeting and met his mentor, Josei Toda. They were able to form a relationship similar to the one formed by Nichiren Daishonin and his disciple, Nikko, 700 years earlier.  This is called the Oneness of Mentor and Disciple.  Without this it would be impossible to spread the Buddhist philosophy.  
Young Daisaku gave up his college education to work with Mr. Toda. Realizing this great sacrifice, Toda agreed to teach his disciple himself personally every morning before work. Mr. Ikeda later fondly referred to these sessions, which occurred on Sundays and weekdays, as ‘Toda University.’  Mr. Toda became the second President of the Soka Gakkai in 1951, and led the organization beautifully until he died in 1958. For all intense and purposes, he taught young Daisaku everything he needed to know in order to become a truly world-class leader of humanity. 
One of Senji the rock’s most memorable experiences was that of Toda University. Actually there were two students at Toda University: Daisaku Ikeda and Senji the Rock. Together they studied Shakyamuni Buddha, Nichiren Daishonin, Walt Whitman, The Count of Monte Cristo, the writings of Leo Tolstoy and Henri Bergson, and many, many others.  As Senji sat on the desk, all the dialogues Toda had with Daisaku Ikeda were indelibly etched into his molecular memory. 
One day, young Daisaku asked Mr. Toda about the rock on his desk; “Why do you keep that rock?”
“It was given to me by Mr. Makiguchi's wife, after I was released from prison,” replied Toda. “It was a memento of his first pilgrimage to the head temple to see the Dai-Gohonzon.” 
“So, you keep it on your desk,” asked Daisaku. “What do you call it?” 
“Well, it doesn’t have a name,” replied Toda “What do you think we should call it?”
Thinking for a moment about a name, young Daisaku said, “How about Sen, S – E – N?  It’s Hindu for ‘Lotus Flower,’ representing east and west.”
“Sen?” replied Toda. “That’s nice ...but too simple. Why don’t we add the syllable "Ji," as a symbol of honor and respect? How about Senji? What do you think?” 
“Senji the Rock,” said Daisaku out loud, “that's a nice name.”  
Senji was able to absorb the thoughts of Daisaku Ikeda and others because they were sentient or living, feeling beings.  However, when two rocks are placed side by side, no thought transfers between them.  Only when a sentient life form enters the environment of a rock, are the thoughts reflected in the rock. Just like humans need trees for breathing oxygen; rocks need humans and other sentient beings for thinking.
Before, Senji was just ‘a rock ‘ or ‘that rock.’ Never before had anyone given him a name like: “Senji, The Rock.” Daisaku Ikeda was the first one.
He felt so proud, because now he really belonged. It’s amazing what a name can do. Without a title or a name, it’s difficult to have an identity or accomplish anything. With a name, things take on a greater meaning. After all that’s what Myoho Renge Kyo is - the name of the Lotus Sutra and the name of the infinite Law of the Universe.
“Toda University” was to last from 1947 and 1957, but the education was not only ‘book learning’ or facts and figures. Toda taught his students how to think, how to question and learn. He taught them why learning is important and the very meaning of education itself, namely to become happy, wise and valuable to society, not simply to become rich or famous.   

 



Chapter 11
Senji the Rock & The Ten Worlds
At Toda University, Senji learned that Buddhism, also referred to as ‘humanism,’ or ‘cosmic humanism,’ is the study of human enlightenment. What is really going on underneath it all? Does Buddhism have the answers? Actually Nichiren Buddhism uses various explanations, but one of its most interesting principles is the Ten Worlds. These are ten momentary states or tendencies in people’s lives. 
Take Josie Toda for example. How did Toda feel when he found out about the death of his mentor? His sadness was surely like ‘Hell.’ But from this hell he developed a strong desire or ‘Hunger’ to avenge his mentor. He also felt the pain of temporary powerlessness while in prison. He was at the mercy of his captors in a state of ‘Animality.’ Even the lice and the cockroaches were his friends. He also felt great ‘Anger’ or righteous indignation at the mercilessness of the Japanese government.  Once he was released it is certain he felt at least momentary ‘Rapture’ or Heaven to be re-united with his family. And then maybe a little Tranquility, known as ‘Humanity.’ But walking through the streets of Tokyo must have brought back a condition Hell and Anger. He later continued his study of Buddhism and the Lotus Sutra and was immersed in the world of ‘Learning.’ Just like when he was in prison, he experienced ‘Realization’ concerning re-establishing his periodic lectures on the Lotus Sutra, which came from his compassion to save his nation. This compassion is the 9th world of ‘Bodhisattva,’ or aspiration for Enlightenment.  Then again, when he was at home facing the Gohonzon and chanting Nam-myoho-renge-kyo he was in the tenth world of ‘Buddhahood’ or enlightenment.  These are the Ten Worlds or states of life one can experience. 
The Ten Worlds, from lowest to highest are: Hell, Hunger, Animality, Anger, Humanity, aka Tranquility, Rapture, aka Heaven, Learning, Realization, Aspiration for Enlightenment, and Enlightenment or Buddhahood.  The original idea for the Ten Worlds comes from ancient India; where people thought there were ten specific locations in the universe where different types of humans lived. (such as….. Angry beings live in the South, and hungry spirits inhabit the North, etc.)  Nichiren Buddhism, however, teaches that the ten worlds exist inside every person. This is what Senji learned at Toda University.

The World of Hell
Hell is the first and lowest world. It is a condition in which living is filled with misery and suffering. It is devoid of freedom, and one's rage becomes a source of self-destruction. Despair, confusion, pain, hatred for self and others and hopelessness are the feelings in hell. When you are unable to act, and feel powerless, you are in hell. 

The World of Hunger
The second world is Hunger. It is a condition ruled by endless desires for: food, profit, pleasure, power, or fame, in which one is never satisfied. ‘Greed’ is Hunger. This is one step above hell because now you have desires. Whatever you want, you feel that you must have it and you will do anything to get it. A person who remains in Hunger is condemned to endless torment and frustration.

The World of Animality
Animality is the third world.  It is the world of animals, driven by instinct; and is lacking in reason.  In this condition, one is ruled by the "law of the jungle," standing in fear of the strong, but preying upon the weak. When someone is controlled by their emotions without thinking about the consequences, that’s animality.  Here, you minimize risk, and maximize profit.  
These first worlds are called the ‘three evil paths,’ because one leads to the other, as the actions in Animality cause one to make foolish choices leading back to loss and suffering. 

The World of Anger
Anger is the fourth world, where people are arrogant and belligerent.  It is an aggressive condition dominated by the small selfish ego.  Senji remember the anger in Asoka before his realization. Those in the state of anger are compelled by the need to be superior, which stems from fear and ignorance.  In anger the negativity is directed outward toward others resulting in pretentiousness, narcissism, hatred, and jealousy. The resulting distortions prevent people from perceiving the world accurately; they fall easily into conflict, locking horns with others at the slightest provocation. Under the sway of such anger, people can commit unimaginable acts of violence and bloodshed.
What distinguishes this world of Anger is the emergence of self-awareness.  As Daisaku Ikeda has said, “Ultimately, it is when we learn to channel the energy that had been formerly directed toward winning over others into winning over ourselves that we enter the world of humanity.”  The addition of Anger to the three lower worlds is referred to as the Four Evil Paths.

The World of Humanity
The 5th world, Humanity, is also called ‘tranquility.’ In this state, one tries to control one's desires with reason and act in harmony with one's surroundings. In ‘Humanity,’ we are no longer dominated by desires, fear or arrogance. Perhaps we are resting after satisfying some desire. Compared to the lower four worlds, Humanity is an improvement, but it is not lasting. People in this world are still weak and easily influenced, because they have not fully empowered their higher selves.

The World of Heaven
The sixth world is Rapture or Heaven. This is a condition of contentment and joy that one feels when released from suffering or upon satisfaction of some intense desire. It is, however, temporary and dependent on one’s circumstances. Problems arise, however; when people in Heaven become complacent.  It’s dangerous, because intense pleasure can dull people, make them forget their responsibilities, cause them to become careless, or act arrogantly.  It may also prevent one from reaching out to the four noble paths, and thereby stunt one’s growth. The joy of Heaven, is ephemeral, and leads to decay. It is not the fulfillment we really seek. 
In professional sports, every coach knows that victory can be the very cause for defeat. Winning too easily, for example, tends to make people feel complacent, arrogant or unstoppable. That’s when others can spot their weaknesses. 

The Six Paths 
These first six worlds, taken as a group, are an endless cycle. Toda explained, that they are passive and re-active, and are called The Six Paths because one leads to another and eventually all lead back to hell. They are based on illusion.
He and Mr. Ikeda came to learn that when all one knows is the six worlds, one will live by convenience, and seek power over others to get what one wants. If one has no sense of his or her intrinsic self-worth, which emanates from the awareness of life’s preciousness, one might rise to power through any means possible. 
The violence against others that is common in the six paths is evil and results in bad effects. It stems from ignorance of the inseparability of the individual and the environment and the inter-connectedness of all phenomena. 
None of these lower six worlds are permanent. Even “Heaven” is only a stop along the away. 
The Four Noble Paths
Next are the Four Noble Paths: Learning, Realization, Aspiration for Enlightenment, and Enlightenment. These are where one pro-actively initiates a search for the truth. 
The World of Learning
The seventh world, Learning, is the first step out of illusion. It is the world of “voice-hearers,” where one awakens to the impermanence of all things.  Here, one dedicates oneself to self-development by learning from others. "Voice-hearers" meant those who listen to the Buddha. 
Senji felt that by questioning, thinking, reading, discussing, and teaching; the path would expand. In the past, Senji observed how many priests distort the true spirit of their respective religions; because they never listen with their whole hearts. They would make their mentor into a god or deity; thereby fooling the people by creating fear and guilt, and placing themselves in positions of superiority between the believers and their deified teacher. 
By watching Toda and Ikeda, Senji learned that active listening with the intent to grasp what the other person is saying is difficult.  It requires concentration, self-discipline and dialogue. The listener asks questions, re-states and paraphrases the answers to confirm, and clarifies through examples, to prove he or she understands. The speaker, on the other hand, must keep in mind: “can the other person hear me, do they understand, are they listening, and what can I do to communicate fully?”  Toda taught that by chanting Nam-myoho-renge-kyo one could arouse a seeking mind and enter the World of Learning.

The World of Realization
 In the next world people learn - not from books or from others - but from themselves. This eighth world is called ‘Realization’ or ‘the world of cause-awakened ones.’  It is a condition in which one discovers some lasting truth through one's own effort. "Cause-awakened ones," known as "self-awakened ones," not only listen; but also practice and learn from their experience. Artists, musicians, scientists, poets, and practitioners of Nichiren Buddhism spend much time in this world, because they are not afraid to experiment. Even if they fail at first, they gain realizations as they learn. 
People in the states of Learning and Realization are independent. However, some may become arrogant and contemptuous of people in the lower worlds. When someone works so hard to elevate his life condition, he may subconsciously want to pat himself on the back or reward his ego; and he may look down on those who have not yet escaped the lower six worlds. This is how Senji learned that each world has positive and negative aspects. If one’s life condition is not strong, they will tend to become self-satisfied, without discovering the ninth and tenth worlds.  They may get caught up in the psychological high of self-discovery, or trapped in the illusion that they have achieved something others cannot.

The World of Bodhisattva
 The ninth world called Bodhisattva or Aspiration for Enlightenment is a state of compassion in which one thinks of and works for others' happiness even before becoming happy oneself. A Bodhisattva seeks enlightenment by leading others to happiness. 
Senji recalled….“Love thy neighbor as thy self” is an example of this world. As one emerges from the lower six worlds, and into the seventh and eighth, one awakens to the interconnectedness of all things and realizes that no matter how far one goes…. ‘if you are alone, you will not be happy.’ In the ninth world, one uncovers the desire to attain Buddhahood.  Through striving to become the best, one encounters obstacles such as: self-doubt, laziness, arrogance, cowardice, jealousy, and fear of persecution from outside. It is precisely when – and only when - one faces these powerful internal enemies that one can develop true inner strength. That is what made Toda and Nichiren great, thought Senji. 
“Life condition” describes ones level of energy, awareness, wisdom, courage and compassion. A high life condition is filled with these qualities propelling the individual over problems towards success. A low life condition is filled with doubt, fear, and weakness that cause one to retreat from challenges or be led astray by the mob.
The struggles of the Bodhisattva (or Saint) are inalterably linked to others. Without faith, however, even bodhisattvas can fall back into the lower worlds.  This seeking enlightenment by helping others is recognition of the inter-dependent nature of all phenomena.  Helping others gives one joy.  That’s why Presidents Toda and Ikeda were so energetic and joyful. Since all entities are inter-connected, to view others’ suffering as not one’s own, only prolongs one’s own unhappiness. When Senji reflected on his past in Galilee, he realized that Jesus Christ was just like that – he was a Bodhisattva. 

The World of Buddhahood
	Buddhahood or Enlightenment is the tenth world – it’s a state of perfect and absolute freedom in which one realizes the true aspect of all phenomena and the true nature of life. In this state, one defeats negative functions and transforms any difficulty into enlightenment. Nichiren states, "Buddhahood is the most difficult to demonstrate," but he also says, "That ordinary people born in the latter age can believe in the Lotus Sutra is due to the fact that the world of Buddhahood is present in the human world."    
Buddhahood is characterized by compassion, courage, and wisdom; and possesses the attributes of a true self, perfect freedom from karmic bonds, a life purified of illusion, and absolute happiness. Regarding those four higher states, Nichiren Daishonin comments: 
"The fact that all things in the world are transient is perfectly clear to us. Is this not because the worlds of the two vehicles are present in the human world? Even a heartless villain loves his wife and children. He too has a portion of the bodhisattva world within him. Buddhahood is the most difficult to demonstrate. But since you possess the other nine worlds, you should believe that you have Buddhahood as well.”  
In the words of Daisaku Ikeda: 
“Buddhahood is the joy of joys. Birth, old age, illness, and death are no longer suffering, but part of the joy of living.  The light of wisdom illuminates the entire universe, casting back the innate darkness of life.  The life-space of the Buddha becomes united and fused with the universe.  The self becomes the cosmos, and in a single instant the life-flow stretches out to encompass all that is past and all that is future.  In each moment of the present, the eternal life-force of the cosmos pours forth as a gigantic fountain of energy.”
The tenth world, however, is not a permanent dwelling place. Once someone achieves Buddhahood; they immediately dive back into the lower worlds to help others ascend to the tenth world. The Buddha experiences the nine worlds again, but from the enlightened perspective. The more time one spends in the tenth world, the more influence it has, and gradually, one is able to remain solidly on the path to Buddhahood, even while experiencing other life conditions. Thus the tenth world brings forth the enlightened side of the other nine. 





CHAPTER 12

The Mutual Possession of the Ten Worlds
 
Senji also studied the Mutual Possession of the Ten Worlds. What this means is that all ten possess each of the other nine. 
The Mutual Possession of the Ten Worlds explains why it is possible to attain Buddhahood in this lifetime, without going through countless future existences. Since each world contains the other nine; at any moment, you can leave the world you are in and enter another. 
“To clarify this, President Ikeda once stated: “To sum up, those in the six worlds perceive all phenomena as substantial. Those in the worlds of Learning and Realization perceive all phenomena as essentially empty; that is to say, in light of the truth of nonsubstantiality.  Those in the world of Bodhisattva perceive phenomena as provisional; that is, in the light of temporary existence.  And those in the world of Buddhahood perceive phenomena in light of the truth of the Middle Way, which integrates the truths of nonsubstantiality and temporary existence.”   In other words, according to the predominant world of your own inner life condition, the specific world you are in at any moment will appear different to you. Since each world contains the other nine, no matter what world you are in, you can choose to perceive your environment from a specific viewpoint or filter. 
That’s why people need to elevate their life conditions. 
Each world acts like a filter through which one perceives reality. All are partial except the ‘complete’ world of Buddhahood. Buddhism is also called ‘the middle way,’ because it embraces both spiritualism and materialism. Buddhahood exists within the nine worlds, and the nine worlds exist within Buddhahood. The two are mutually inclusive. 
Before Nichiren fully explained the mutual possession of the ten worlds and Nam-myoho-renge-kyo, people had no way of escaping the cycle of the six lower worlds. If we look at life like a building, you can be in the basement on the bottom or you can be in the penthouse on the top. While in the basement, you have no idea what is above or outside; but once you are in the penthouse you can look down and see everything. The Penthouse is like Buddhahood or the tenth world. Once you activate it by chanting, you gain the freedom to see and choose what world to go into.
However, even Hell can be good; explained Toda. For example, when a person in the world of Hell chants Nam-myoho-renge-kyo and elevates his life condition out of shear desperation, the world of hell will have functioned as a motivating factor. The joy comes from the transformation of the world of hell, into the world of heaven.
In that case, hell would have functioned as the cause for happiness not the cause for misery. Because cause and effect are simultaneous, that same hellish world is immediately transformed into joy.
When a Buddha sees the suffering of others, he empathizes with them and wants to help, but sometimes he may not know exactly how, so he experiences frustration and the World of Hell. Due to his insatiable desire to help people a Buddha experiences the World of Hunger. A Buddha also experiences Animality for he loves to elevate people’s consciousness and hates forces of evil that bring people down.  The Buddha experiences Anger, in the form of righteous indignation at the injustice that imprisons people in the lower worlds. Thus, Buddhas experience all the worlds.
Senji saw this as an example of the inter-connectedness of all things that he learned from Kumarajiva and Nagarjuna.  At every moment, all entities of existence are moving from one world to another.  No matter what world you are in, however, if you are attached to that world thinking that it is permanent, you will suffer, because nothing is permanent.
Pres. Ikeda stated: “Together these ten worlds constitute an interpenetrating functional whole, referred to as the inherent ten worlds. It is the wisdom and compassion of the world of Buddhahood that bring out the most positive aspect of each of the other worlds.”  
The difference between Buddhahood and the nine worlds is also explained by the difference between Absolute Happiness vs. Relative Happiness. 
Relative happiness is like moving into a new home, getting married, winning a contest, having a great meal, etc. Although this happiness, brought about by the outside world, may be meaningful, it’s only temporary. If all of one’s happiness comes from things beyond one’s control, (such as your opponent failing to kick a field goal, or the love of your new young and beautiful wife) which can change or disappear in a moment….. in the long run, one will be disappointed. Like a fragile flower, such joy can wither quickly and change with the seasons. This ‘relative happiness’ is a weak and shaky happiness. 
“Absolute happiness,” on the other hand, comes from inside. Regardless of the changing fortunes of life, like the weather, the economy or the fickle opinions of others; if one’s happiness is based on the eternal Law, activated from within, it cannot be destroyed. It is lasting and shining like gold.
Devotion solely to “relative happiness,” tends to fill one with shallow ideas and pursuits such as money, fame, beauty, and power. The end results will be far from desirable.  
‘Absolute happiness,’ however; involves self-reflection, acts of compassion, studying, and holding on to the law of the universe. Because it is hard earned and true, it is also lasting.
The SGI’s three presidents and Nichiren Daishonin are perfect examples. When he was in exile on Sado Island, in spite of horrendous conditions, Nichiren never gave up. Although his survival was in doubt, he stated, “Nichiren is the richest man in Japan,” because he held within his heart supreme confidence in the law of the universe. His joy is a symbol of absolute happiness in the face of severe conditions.
A philosophy or religion that believes that men are basically flawed or defective will only try to control them and limit their freedom. These religions do not trust mankind, and they are partially responsible for civilization for the past 3,000 years. The result has been war, poverty, inequality, etc.  Rather than empower people or free them to bring forth their own inner strength, it tends to create sheep-like followers, who never question. Then when evil rises, those who are truly good are so weak they just follow blindly or sit there frozen. 
Buddhists, on the other hand, always question. That’s the spirit of Shakyamuni, Nichiren, and the SGI. Practice, study, question and learn, because Buddhism trusts man. Nichiren Buddhists fight to protect the little guy.
Senji loved to ponder. He couldn’t run, jump, or fly. He couldn’t dance or cook a great meal; but he could think. And think he did. His inner thoughts were echoes of the philosophers he had encountered. With President Ikeda, his learning deepened.  So, the next question is…. How can we bring forth, maintain, and forever strengthen this Tenth World of Buddhahood?





CHAPTER 13.

The Nine Consciousnesses


  	The Tenth World is a manifestation of the Buddha-nature. But where does this Buddha nature reside? How exactly can one activate it? How does it work? These were the questions on Senjis’ mind. While on the desk of President Ikeda he overheard a lecture that answered these questions: the theory of the Nine Consciousnesses.   
Within the theory of the nine consciousnesses, the first Five Consciousnesses consist of the five senses: 1) seeing, 2) hearing, 3) smelling, 4) tasting, and 5) touching. In other words you become aware of the world through seeing it, smelling it, tasting it, hearing it, and feeling it.  These senses of sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch are methods your life has created so you can become aware. This is necessary for living, and continuing to live. 
The Sixth Consciousness is ‘thinking.’ It integrates the sensory data from the first five and allows one to form judgments and carry out daily activities.  This is where basic thought comes from.  For example, if you see a tree or a flower you want to describe it or name it. You might want to touch it, explore how it works, and see how you could use it. This level of consciousness enables people to label, categorize and understand the external world. When a person learns to bath, or farm or build, they watch, copy, think and learn. Everyone does this on one level or another.
The Seventh Consciousness is where a person’s inner life unfolds. At this level, one’s thinking is not limited to external phenomena. This level includes the sub-conscious mind, the autonomic nervous system, the super-conscious mind, and the abstract mind. It is called mano-consciousness, which means to ponder. It supports self-reflection, and is also the realm of the ego.  Poetry, songs, art, architecture, novels, etc…. all begins here. This is where humans truly differentiate themselves from other animals. Senji spent much time in this seventh consciousness. The question that Shakyamuni had about the four sufferings came from this ‘Pondering’ consciousness.
At the level of the seventh consciousness people develop a sense of identity, and an attachment to a self that is unique and separate from others, as well as a sense of right and wrong.  This is where the struggle between relative happiness and absolute happiness takes place. 
The next level is the Eighth Consciousness called the alaya consciousness, and it is regarded as the source of one's body and mind as well as the natural world. Alaya means abode, dwelling, or receptacle.  It is also referred to as the “karma storage” and the never-perishing consciousness. It is what travels through life and death. But it is not fixed or static. It is the collection of all the causes one has made since the eternal past. It is the house of ones’ karma. It is always changing, according to one’s thoughts, words, and deeds, while living. After one dies, Senji learned, one’s eighth consciousness is also affected by those who are still living. 
When people chant Nam-myoho-renge-kyo for the sake of their deceased relatives or friends, their vibrations or ‘daimoku,’ as it is called in Japanese, reaches the eighth consciousness of the deceased and enables them to improve their karma.
Actually this ‘eighth consciousness’ is the only part of ‘them’ that remains.  When humans die, they hold on to the eighth consciousness, and when they are re-born they bring along their eighth consciousness with them. Some people call this ‘baggage.’ Some people believe that one’s DNA, through which one’s physiological characteristics come to exist, is an expression of the eighth consciousness.
The deepest level of consciousness, even further down, is the Ninth Consciousness - also called the amala-consciousness. This level is pure and unaffected by one’s karma. It is this ninth level that unites all human beings with the universe. Nichiren taught that chanting Nam-myoho-renge-kyo enables an individual to reach this ninth level of consciousness and draw forth her or his enlightened nature. Perceiving life from the vantage point of the ninth consciousness, one is able to purify all the functions of the other eight levels and manifest Buddhahood.
Along with the Ten Worlds, the “nine consciousnesses,” describe the total mental capacities and interactive potentials of the individual human being.  These nine consciousnesses are connected. 
Nichiren Daishonin has stated; “The words of a wise man of old also teach that “you should base your mind on the ninth consciousness, and carry out your practice in the six consciousnesses.”  How reasonable it is too!”  He also says, in another writing:  

“… The body is the palace of the ninth consciousness, the unchanging reality that reigns over all of life’s functions….”   
A palace is also known as a castle, a citadel, a fortress or a stronghold.  So, one’s body is precious, because it protects the ninth consciousness. This also implies that the ninth consciousness is like a king, queen or royalty, because it lives in a ‘palace.’  Moreover, each human needs a body and a voice to make the sound of Nam-myoho-renge-kyo, in order to activate the ninth consciousness.  The ninth consciousness is also referred to as the “Buddha-nature,” and it is activated by the sound of a persons’ voice. The saying goes: “The Buddha does his work though his voice.” 
In explaining the “Buddha-nature,” Nichiren has stated:
“Myoho-renge-kyo is the Buddha nature of all living beings. The Buddha nature is the Dharma nature, and the Dharma nature is enlightenment. The Buddha nature possessed by Shakyamuni, Many Treasures, and the Buddhas of the ten directions; by Superior Practices, Boundless Practices, and the other Bodhisattvas of the Earth; by Universal Worthy, Manjushri, Shariputra, Maudgalyayana, and the others; by the great Brahma and the lord Shakra; by the deities of the sun and moon, the morning star, the seven stars in the Big Dipper in the northern sky, the twenty-eight constellations, and the countless other stars; by the heavenly gods, the earthly deities, the dragon deities, the eight kinds of nonhuman beings, and the human and heavenly beings who gathered in the great assembly to hear the Buddha’s preaching; by King Yama—in short, by all living beings from the realm where there is neither thought nor no thought above the clouds down to the flames in the lowest depths of hell—the Buddha nature that all these beings possess is called by the name Myoho-renge-kyo. Therefore, if you recite these words of the daimoku once, then the Buddha nature of all living beings will be summoned and gather around you. At that time the three bodies of the Dharma nature within you—the Dharma body, the reward body, and the manifested body—will be drawn forth and become manifest. This is called attaining Buddhahood. To illustrate, when a caged bird sings, the many birds flying in the sky all gather around it at once; seeing this, the bird in the cage strives to get out.” 

Understanding these levels of consciousness can offer insights into the individual, and aid in solving problems facing humanity, because there are specific delusions in the seventh consciousness regarding the nature of the self.  These delusions arise from the relationship between the seventh and eighth levels of consciousness and manifest as ‘fundamental darkness,’ and egotism.  

What is fundamental darkness? It sounds so ominous. It is defined as fundamental ignorance or primal ignorance. Darkness here means the inability to see or recognize the truth, especially the true nature of ones own life. In other words we all had a blind spot, in a sense, when it comes to seeing the truth about ourselves. The karmic causes in the eighth consciousness affect one’s thinking processes on the seventh level. 
The mental and spiritual activities in the seventh consciousness will be colored by the various delusions stored in the eighth consciousness (from ones karmic past), because they exist side by side. These delusions are like masks covering up our real selves. 
For example, let’s say one is a baker, and keeps his supplies of flour, sugar and other ingredients in the storage room.  If that storage room is dirty, and uncared for, the ingredients stored there will become tainted with fungus and bacteria, thereby spoiling the supplies. So the baker will need to replenish the storage room with fresh, high quality supplies, before he can bake those delicious rolls, breads, and cakes his customers love. When humans chant Nam-myoho-renge-kyo they activate their ninth consciousness. When a baker removes the spoiled supplies from his storage room, he can once again start baking, but not before.  Inside each person, this Ninth Consciousness gushes up pure cosmic energy into the eighth, the seventh and the remaining six consciousnesses. Like a steam geyser it will purify, replenish, and clean out the negative karma in the eighth consciousness. Chanting is so profound it can clean out bad karma. Once this is done, the person can start to make good causes and thereby receive good effects.
Humans need to continually take action and make causes such as sharing and studying with the six consciousnesses, to implant more good causes in their Eighth Consciousness.  In the baker example above, it means that the baker must continue to bake high quality bread and rolls and sell them to his customers, so that he can earn enough money (create more life force) to procure more quality ingredients and replenish his supplies. Buddhist activities within the six consciousnesses are like the activities of the baker. All of these are manifestations of the activation of the Ninth Consciousness, which lessens the karmic retribution of the eighth and supplies benefits to the others.
This process purifies the six senses, which is one of the benefits of attaining Buddhahood. Humans use their eyes to see the Gohonzon and other people. They use their ears to listen to other’s voices, hear music, and hear the sounds of chanting. They use touch to hold the beads when chanting, shake hands, hug friends, as well as write, drive, etc. They use their sense of taste when eating the fruit they have offered the Gohonzon, or to motivate themselves to eat foods that nourish and sustain their bodies.  They use a sense of smell to appreciate and enjoy the incense around the Gohonzon, or to warn them when there is a fire, or to please themselves with beautiful fragrances, etc. Humans use thinking to focus on goals and friends, to evaluate, reason and make decisions, study the universe, and invent.  By practicing Buddhism, all the six senses become great sources of joy.
The fundamental delusions, like the bacteria that spoiled the flour in the bakery; also cause one to deny one’s own Buddha nature, and that of others. Yet, any person, just like the baker, can replace negative karma with good clean, positive karma.
The process of casting a light upon ones fundamental darkness is referred to as en -“Lighten”- ment, and occurs through the process of Human Revolution.

For example, suppose you are a sincere practitioner of Nichiren Buddhism. You do everything you are guided to do. Yet, you tend to have a short temper and loose your composure often, frequently saying things you later regret, and sometimes causing people to become unhappy. From time to time you appear judgmental and arrogant, and yet you deny any of these qualities when others point them out to you.  It is very easy for you to fool yourself and rationalize you rights, even though the result is not what you desire. You refuse to take responsibility for making others unhappy. You blame them, thus actually denying the law of cause and effect. 
This may go on for many years, because it is fundamental and there is no way for you to actually see it because it is dark. What happens is the effects of your actions will accumulate. The results will be loss of affection from friends and loved ones. People will abandon you, and you will be left alone and desolate. Eventually, the loneliness and depression will shake you to your very core, causing you once and for all to seriously reflect on your attitude and your behavior.  The pain you experience is can actually be a manifestation of ‘Buddhist Mercy.’ The greater the pain and sense of loss, the greater will be the opening of your heart, the awakening of your mind, and the seeing of your true self for the first time.  Now you can change. Now you can become who you really wanted to become all the time. This is the great benefit of Human Revolution gushing forth like a geyser or a laser from the ninth consciousness shinning a bright light on your  “fundamental darkness.”
This is the beauty of the ninth consciousness. Only by harnessing it, and activating it can you ever shine the light on your own inner darkness, without it you will be forced to remain in the darkness because it is innate and fundamental.
In addition, delusions are varied. There are ‘inflationary delusions’ that inflate the ego, and weaken it so that when things don’t turn out like people wish they come crashing down with a sense of despair, loneliness and hopelessness. By continually stretching ones self image or ones expectations of others beyond what is reasonable (like stretching a balloon to the bursting point), one can set oneself up for great disappointment. This can be very dangerous. Although it is important to be confident, we have to ask, “What is the basis of that confidence?  If the basis is from the lower six worlds, it will be deluded, weak, and false confidence.  If however, is comes from the Ninth Consciousness and is based on sincere practice for oneself and others, it will not be subject to bursting like an over-expanded balloon.  True and lasting confidence needs to be placed in one’s greater self, not in one’s lesser self. One says, “me,” the other says “we.”
There are also ‘deflationary delusions’ that cause people to put themselves down, or allow themselves to think that others are superior.   These can become emotional scars that cripple ones’ potential. All these delusions come from ignorance of ones Buddha nature. They appear from seeds residing in ones karma from previous lifetimes that is stored in the eighth consciousness - just like the ruined supplies in the baker’s storage room.  
Senji the rock thought that some people are afraid of oblivion or a ‘final end.’ They think, “Oh my god, if I die I will cease to exist completely.” This is their fear.
However, Buddhism eliminates this fear. It teaches that we will definitely be reborn. If you think you will never live again you need not take responsibility for your actions, because it doesn’t matter one way or another. 
However, if you accept that you will live again, every thought, word, and deed has eternal consequences.  
The seventh consciousness is also the source of one’s fear of death, because it perceives falsely that the eighth consciousness will cease to exist upon death.   In reality, the eighth consciousness is an enduring flow of energy that never dies. 
Every moment, one’s thoughts, words and deeds create karmic seeds that are stored in the eighth consciousness. These seeds can be positive or negative, because the eighth consciousness is neutral. When conditions are ripe, positive causes manifest as positive virtues such as trust, nonviolence, self-control, compassion and wisdom; while negative causes manifest as delusion and destructive behavior.  
Senji saw that through this process of latent causes becoming manifest, there is a ‘flowing,’ like a river. 
When the ninth consciousness is activated, it transforms the others. In the same way, when the sun comes up everything becomes clearly visible. People chant for those who have died, activating their own ninth level and sending positive energy to the ‘never-perishing’ eighth consciousness of their deceased loved ones. Time and space, in this regard, are meaningless. Those who have died; those who are living now; and those soon to be re-born, are all be touched by Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. 
Life and death are then viewed as two phases, the active phase and the dormant phase. These are like sleeping and waking. When a person goes to sleep with unpaid bills, the unpaid bills will still be there when they wake up.  When one dies with unpaid karmic debts, they will still be waiting to be repaid when the debtor is reborn. 
Understanding death is an important key to understanding life. 





Chapter 14.
 
Recipe for Happiness: Faith, Practice and Study


Senji was positive but still wondering, “This Buddhist wisdom is so deep and wonderful, but how can people develop it?  If one were to look upon enlightenment as a secret treasure hidden inside, what road map could one use to find it?
The answer is: ‘Faith, Practice and Study.’ These are like the three sides of a pyramid, because without any one, the other two will fall. Faith, practice and study is not really three things, but rather one thing with three perspectives…. It is The Way. 
If Buddhism were a sandwich, thought Senji, the bottom slice of bread could be “The Ten Worlds” and the top slice would be “The Nine Consciousnesses,” and in the middle would be the filling: ‘Faith, Practice, and Study.’
 
FAITH
Nichiren states; “Thus faith is the basic requirement for entering the way of the Buddha.  In the 52 stages of Bodhisattva practice, the first ten stages dealing with faith are basic, and the first of these ten stages is that of arousing pure faith.”
The Sokagakkai, referred to as the ‘sanga’ or community of believers, is the place where one can arouse pure faith. 
As a sort of introduction to faith, Buddhism teaches about ‘the three proofs’: documentary proof, theoretical proof, and actual proof. These determine the validity of any philosophy. 
Documentary proof answers the question: does the philosophy have any documents to testify to its validity. Any teaching without documents, simply handed down by word of mouth, would not pass this test. 
Theoretical proof requires that the philosophy not contradict science or any known facts. For example, if a philosophy stated that the earth was the center of the solar system and held that the sun revolves around the earth, would fail this test, because it is unscientific. 
Actual proof is the most important, because any philosophy that cannot be demonstrated by actual results is invalid. Results are the key. In other words, if the practitioners of that philosophy do not benefit from following the teachings, it is not worthy of following. 
Nichiren Buddhism passes all tests. It has thousands of documents including: sutras, letters, treatises, and commentaries. It’s theoretical basis found in such principles as: the oneness of mind and body, the inseparability of the person and the environment, the oneness of mentor and disciple, the mutual possession of the ten worlds, the law of cause and effect, and the fusion of subject and object are reasonable and scientific. The third test – actual proof - is where Nichiren Buddhism comes shinning through the most.  When, without any belief or understanding, a person chants Nam-myoho-renge-kyo and experiences dramatic gains in energy, wisdom, joy and self-confidence, pure faith is naturally aroused. This is ‘actual proof, which leads to concrete results in the environment. Thus Nichiren Buddhism provides a way to develop faith even coming forth from a place without any faith.
In the beginning, faith may be just a goal, desire or ‘expectation.’ Faith can also be viewed as a willingness to temporarily “suspend disbelief.” Just chanting Nam-myoho-renge-kyo is an expression of a type of faith. 
According to some, faith means to believe - in spite of a lack of evidence.  In Nichiren Daishonin’s Buddhism, however, faith is based on the preponderance of evidence, not the lack of evidence. This is what turned on Senji. 
The Sanskrit word for faith is ‘adhimukti,’ which means confidence and is rendered in Chinese as "belief and understanding." It means faith based on understanding; and also to first take faith and then to understand it. 
In “The Record of the Orally Transmitted Teachings,” Nichiren Daishonin stated: "Belief represents the value or price we attach to a jewel or treasure, and understanding represents the jewel itself. It is through the one word belief that we are able to purchase the wisdom of the Buddhas of the three existences. That wisdom is Nam-myoho-renge-kyo."    In other words, through faith, which manifests itself as practice, we can purchase understanding. 
Nichiren stated, "Because our wisdom is inadequate, he [Shakyamuni Buddha] teaches us to substitute faith for wisdom, making this single word 'faith' the foundation." 
Senji wondered, “So what if I don’t have any faith?”  
It’s simple, explained President Makiguchi, you start with a desire, chant and then evaluate the results scientifically. In fact it is impossible to have strong faith in something you know nothing about. Faith is only real if it is based on many, many positive experiences. Faith can also be viewed as trust or confidence, which develops based on results. ‘I trust you,’ means ‘I have faith in you.’ 
Because Nichiren Buddhism is based on a law, you can test it yourself. Laws do not require faith or belief from them to work. Taking the law of gravity, as an example. Suppose you jump off a ten-story building. Even if you deny the law of gravity, you will still come down. By the same token if you chant Nam-Myoho-renge-kyo for specific results, even without belief or understanding, you will receive benefits.
 However, the results one obtains in the beginning, without true faith are different than the lifetime results one obtains from developing strong faith.

PRACTICE
Next is: ‘Practice for Oneself and Practice for Others.’ Practice for one self means to chant Nam-myoho-renge-kyo to the Gohonzon and recite the Sutra.  Practice for others means to reach out and teach others about Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. Some people chant for fifteen minutes (twice a day) morning and evening, while some chant an hour or more. When one chants there is always a desire, but chanting is not begging. 
To aid in the practice, SGI promotes small discussion meetings in people’s homes.  Each meeting is an oasis of human interaction, where people study, share experiences, and conduct dialogue. 
Senji loved to hear how chanting changed people’s lives. These were inner changes in attitude, awareness, and energy level. The external results, like improved health, job promotions, or better relationships, came from the change within. Just a change in a persons’ attitude could transform a perceived problem into a benefit.
Sharing the philosophy with others is an example of ‘practice for others.’ When a person teaches someone about Nam-myoho-renge-kyo, that is the highest cause, based on the concept of ‘minor good, medium good and major good.’ 
For example, giving someone money is a minor good, because it does not change a life in any lasting way.  A medium good, such as giving someone a job, is better. Now that person can earn his own money.  But a major good goes further. It is when one teaches someone about Nam-myoho-renge-kyo. That is because…. no matter what happens, if the person has money or not, has a job or not; through chanting Nam-myoho-renge-kyo they will always: a) develop hope, b) acquire wisdom to solve any problem, c) achieve absolute happiness, and d) definitely find great work along the way. 
Teaching others is so profound because it helps them change their way of thinking from negative to positive, from hopeless to hopeful, from deluded to aware, from selfish to compassionate, and from ignorant to enlightened. 
 
In teaching others, one attempts to: 1) dispel people’s delusions, 2) correct false views, and 3) awaken others to the truth - that they are potential Buddhas. Since teaching and sharing with others is such a great cause, it is always met with both benefits and obstacles.  Even if a person has not yet developed strong faith, if they share Buddhism with another, they will receive immediate benefits. 
There is a difference between encouraging someone in the secular realm, outside of Buddhism; and encouraging someone to chant Nam-myoho-renge-kyo to change their karma. It the former case it is like a minor good. In the latter, however, it’s a  “Major Good.” The difference is awesome.
The other person, on the other hand, can react positively or negatively to someone’s efforts.  Either way, however, the sharer benefits greatly. Experiencing obstacles from one’s efforts to do supreme good is a side effect.  It’s like a rocket experiencing intense heat and friction as it pushes itself to go beyond the pull of earth’s gravity in order to flow freely in space.  
Sometimes, negative attitudes are deeply imbedded and difficult to eliminate. After all, people don’t change easily. Many people are not open. Many resist the appeal to change because it requires effort. They will easily be subdued by the weak, superficial, status quo, never daring to ‘rock the boat.’ Regardless of how the other person responds, sharing elevates one’s own life condition. Then, the true nature of ones personal problems becomes clearly visible, and the problem is transformed into a benefit.

Senji realized that people usually try to make their lives better by focusing on themselves.  For example, going to the school, exercising, and lifting weights, can have great personal results.  When, however, it comes to helping someone else; that’s more difficult. Since it requires more effort, the transformative results can be significant. Buddhism teaches that if you want to change another you must change yourself first. Then the environment will reflect that change. It also teaches that when you try to awaken someone else, you end up awakening yourself even more. 
That is the power of Buddhism: you help yourself by helping others; and you help others by helping yourself.
It is similar to:  “Love thy neighbor as thy self.”  But in Buddhism, people have a practical way to accomplish this, and also understand “Why.”  You are not just dealing with the here and now, but with the eternal. Introducing someone to the life philosophy of Nichiren Buddhism and teaching them to chant Nam-myoho-renge-kyo not only changes their present life but that of their ancestors and descendents as well, because the Buddhist law is not limited by time or space.  Teaching and sharing is simultaneously compassion for others and self-transformation. In a sense, in Buddhism, unselfishness and selfishness merge.
 
STUDY
The third component of ‘Faith, Practice and Study,’ is study. This means to read and study the writings of Nichiren Daishonin and SGI President Daisaku Ikeda. ‘Study’ involves reading, discussing with others, chanting to understand, and applying the material to one’s life. The more one studies, the more one understands. 

In The True Aspect of All Phenomena, Nichiren stated: 
"Believe in the Gohonzon, the supreme object of devotion in all of Jambudvipa (the universe). Be sure to strengthen your faith, and receive the protection of Shakyamuni, Many Treasures, and the Buddhas of the ten directions. Exert yourself in the two ways of practice and study. Without practice and study, there can be no Buddhism. You must not only persevere yourself; you must also teach others. Both practice and study arise from faith. Teach others to the best of your ability, even if it is only a single sentence or phrase." 

Senji discovered why it’s so valuable to read the writings of Nichiren Daishonin. 
First, one encounters Nichiren’s logical, reasonable, and broad-minded thinking. By following the strictness and reasoning power of his thinking, one can improve one's analytic ability. 
Second, they encounter his character, which is so courageous, honest, and humanistic. It really gives one confidence to behold this. 
Third, through studying his life one can see his own actual proof. The way he responded to persecutions is a model for how others can respond to obstacles in a value creating way. When you are having a problem, you can say, "Wow, this is nothing compared to what Nichiren went through." 
Fourth, they gain an understanding of his devotion to the Lotus Sutra. He would never let up, because the Lotus Sutra is the only sutra that actually guarantees enlightenment.
Fifth, they encounter his Vow. It’s awesome. 
Sixth, they see and feel his deep, broadminded and all-encompassing wisdom. 
Seventh, it actually increases their faith and joy through “osmosis.”  When someone reads the writings of Nichiren, his doubt-free faith, which is encapsulated in every word, seeps into that person’s being and expands that person’s faith, like water expands a soaking sponge. Furthermore, studying the writings of President Daisaku Ikeda works the same way for the same reasons.
Study improves the quality of one’s chanting.   It's like eating. The words are not just mental; but produce spiritual nutrition. Ones life condition and determination responds physiologically, as well, to the words of a Buddha. Chanting without study will have effects. However, chanting with study will increase the quality, quantity and depth of benefits exponentially. It like swimming with the current or swimming against the current. Which would you choose? 
One cannot solve a problem from within the same frame of mind that caused the problem in the first place. Studying enables one to step out and beyond. 
Senji trusted Nichiren and the three mentors: Makiguchi, Toda, and Ikeda, because their actions always matched their words. Nichiren’s courage is deeply inspiring, not because he was a god, but because he was a human, an enlightened human.  Nichiren once said, “… one of the ‘six stages of practice of the perfect teaching’ is the stage of perception and actions. At this stage, “one acts as one speaks and speaks as one acts.” Senji realized that this is a manifestation of human enlightenment; and it’s the way people can and should behave. 
Furthermore, this principle of ‘Faith, Practice and Study’ is used in every endeavor in human society – not just Buddhism. When someone wants to become a great dancer, artist, doctor, or writer, they will practice and study thoroughly. When a young man wants to become a great baseball pitcher, he will practice and study every day. All sports professionals, actors, and writers use “faith, practice and study” to hone their craft. It is a universal principal.
Senji also saw Toda encounter some people who were shallow, rigid or repressed. They would often say, “it’s too hard to change,” or  “I don’t believe I can change.” Many lacked patience, but Nichiren taught forbearance, saying:
“Worthy persons deserve to be called so because they are not carried away by the eight winds: prosperity, decline, disgrace, honor, praise, censure, suffering, and pleasure. They are neither elated by prosperity nor grieved by decline. The heavenly gods will surely protect one who is unbending before the eight winds. But if you nurse an unreasonable grudge against your lord, they will not protect you, not for all your prayers.”  
Senji sat on the desk in Josei Toda’s study or in the house of Daisaku Ikeda alone in the dark with books, and piles of Seikyo Shimbun newspapers. He had the ability to absorb ideas through energy transference. Waves and particles, atoms and electrons, even space exuded and emitted all kinds of energy, not just actual or latent. There were many other forms of energy, like a rainbow of waves or patterns. Just like the Ten Worlds, every atom was related to every other atom. Even where there was only space, the potential for the presence of atoms remained, as did the potential for the Ten Worlds. This latent potential was a realm unto itself by which words, ideas, and feelings could flow, if you knew how to pick up on them. Because Senji was a rock with no mouth, eyes, or arms; he had developed unique abilities over the two million years of his existence. Even human beings live no more than 80 -120 years.  Who could imagine living a million or two million years?
Senji ‘read’ about the amazing experiences of members all over the globe. In just a short period of 50 years the SGI had grown so much. “What could happen in the next 50, 100 or 500 years,” Senji wondered? 
With ‘Faith Practice and Study,’ there is no limit.





Chapter 15
 
DEPENDENT ORIGINATION
 
 Although Senji was a rock, he had a mind like an old wanderer. He had seen so much; but he was not tired.  He was truly – a Rock. One of his greatest realizations was of dependent origination.  Although he studied this before, he never put it all together, until he heard President Ikeda’s lecture. 
While humans tend to see things as separate, Buddhism teaches that all life is interrelated based on the principle of Dependent Origination. Nothing exists in isolation - independent of other life.  In other words, all beings and all phenomena exist or occur only because of their relationship with other beings and phenomena.  Since everything in the world comes into existence in response to causes and conditions, nothing can arise of its own accord.  Since the universe and life has no beginning and no end, everything has always been like that…. coming from something else. 
Senji also knew that the Universe is infinite.  That means it also has no boundary or limit. You cannot put the universe in a bag, because what ever would be outside the bag is also part of the universe. Shakyamuni Buddha used the image of two bundles of reeds leaning against each other to explain dependent origination.  He described how the two bundles of reeds can remain standing as long as they lean against each other.  In the same way, because this exists, that exists; and because that exists, this exists.  If one of the two bundles is removed, then the other will fall. Similarly, without this existence, that cannot exist, and without that existence, this cannot.   
Buddhism teaches that all lives develop in a dynamic way, in a synergy of internal causes and the external conditions. Each existence contributes to the environment, which sustains all other existences. All things, mutually supportive and related, form a living cosmos, a single living whole. Even Albert Einstein, in describing the purpose of his passionate search for truth, as a “cosmic religious feeling” said: it was “… to experience the universe as a single significant whole.”   
President Ikeda has stated: “Recognizing that all is change within a framework of interdependence, we of course see harmony and oneness as expressions of our interconnectedness. But we can even appreciate contradiction and conflict in the same way.  Thus the struggle against evil – a struggle that issues from the inner effort to master our own contradictions and conflicts – should be seen as a difficult yet unavoidable trial that we must undergo in the effort to create a greater and deeper connection.” 
When Senji realized the extent of the interconnections, which link all other life, he realized that humans, as well, by engaging with others, develop their identity, because all are so intimately connected at a subconscious level.  It is impossible to build one’s own happiness on the unhappiness of others.  Constructive actions affect the world. 
Daisaku Ikeda has written that an understanding of the inter-connectedness of all life can lead to a more peaceful world.  He stated, “We’re all human beings who, through some mystic bond, were born to share the same limited life span on this planet, a small green oasis in the vast universe.  Why do we quarrel and victimize one another?  If we could all keep the image of the vast heavens in mind, I believe that it would go a long way toward resolving conflicts and disputes.  If our eyes are fixed on eternity, we come to realize that the conflicts of our little egos are really sad and unimportant.”   
In an article by: Yoichi Kawada, Director of Oriental Philosophy, Soka Gakkai International, Senji read: 
“… the core of Shakyamuni’s enlightenment was his awakening to the law of dependent origination…”  “Ignorance,” (the opposite of enlightenment) “is considered fundamental among those deluded impulses precisely because it blinds people to the reality of dependent origination, the unavoidable and all encompassing interrelatedness within which we live.  This ignorance gives rise to greed that drives people to seek the fulfillment of their desires even at the cost of the suffering of others.  It also leads to the kind of uncontrolled rage that seeks the destruction of a situation in which ones desires are frustrated.  It is for this reason that the deluded impulse of ignorance is considered equivalent to a fundamental egocentrism. This destructive tendency to destroy others ends up severing the strands of the web of life that supports ones own existence.”   
Senji also felt that the web of life is made of ideas that build on one another. Einstein learned from Newton, Jesus learned from Moses, Nichiren learned from Shakyamuni. Their philosophies weaved through Senji’s memory. If not for Moses and his Ten Commandments, the Jews might not have survived. Jesus might never have been born, since he was a descendent like Moses.  If Ashoka the Great had not changed from a tyrant into a benevolent leader, the region from Greece, Egypt, Pakistan and India might have become a barren wasteland of war and never encountered the uplifting ideals of Buddhism. 
If Shakyamuni had not had such an inquisitive mind and a big heart, he might have become addicted to the power and pleasure of the palace and have never sought enlightenment.  In the world of philosophical thought, just as in nature, there is dependent origination.  
As time went on, Senji became increasingly aware of a ‘river of faith’ that flowed in him and through him. The river of faith had flowed from Moses to Makiguchi, and led him to the SGI. It all existed here, on the pages of every Seikyo Shimbun and World Tribune he sat upon. The human beings in the SGI were bringing it all together.
 Nichiren Daishonin also refers to this as the Heritage or the Lifeblood of True Buddhism, saying: 
“I HAVE just carefully read your letter. To reply, the ultimate Law of life and death as transmitted from the Buddha to all living beings is Myoho-renge-kyo. The five characters of Myoho-renge-kyo were transferred from Shakyamuni and Many Treasures, the two Buddhas inside the treasure tower, to Bodhisattva Superior Practices, carrying on a heritage unbroken since the infinite past. Myo represents death, and ho, life. Living beings that pass through the two phases of life and death are the entities of the Ten Worlds, or the entities of Myoho-renge-kyo.
T’ien-t’ai says that one should understand that living beings and their environments, and the causes and effects at work within them, are all the Law of renge (the lotus). Here “living beings and their environments” means the phenomena of life and death. Thus, it is clear that, where life and death exist, cause and effect, or the Law of the lotus, is at work.
Shakyamuni Buddha who attained enlightenment countless kalpas ago, the Lotus Sutra that leads all people to Buddhahood, and we ordinary human beings are in no way different or separate from one another. To chant Myoho-renge-kyo with this realization is to inherit the ultimate Law of life and death. This is a matter of the utmost importance for Nichiren’s disciples and lay supporters, and this is what it means to embrace the Lotus Sutra.“
In this quote Senji saw connections. Even through life and death, if you connect the dots, there is a ‘river of faith.’ From Moses to Nichiren the questions came up, and the answers appeared, at the right time…and humans inherited the Law.
 



CHAPTER 16.

THE RIVER OF FAITH:
THE ROCK TAKES FLIGHT

“ This I will state. Let the gods forsake me. Let all persecutions assail me. Still I will give my life for the sake of the Law. ……   Here I will make a great vow. Though I might be offered the rulership of Japan if I would only abandon the Lotus Sutra, accept the teachings of the Meditation Sutra, and look forward to rebirth in the Pure Land, though I might be told that my father and mother will have their heads cut off if I do not recite the Nembutsu—whatever obstacles I might encounter, so long as persons of wisdom do not prove my teachings to be false, I will never yield! All other troubles are no more to me than dust before the wind.
I will be the pillar of Japan. I will be the eyes of Japan. I will be the great ship of Japan. This is my vow, and I will never forsake it! “     Nichiren Daishonin

This is the vow that Nichiren made.  Of course he is not only referring to Japan, but to the whole world. 
Nichiren is the man that millions of Buddhists respect and emulate as their eternal mentor.  If one studies his life, one will see that he was uncommonly honest, sincere, and action oriented. He was non-violent, inquisitive and insightful. His primary desire was to acquire wisdom and put an end to suffering. Like Confucius, Shakyamuni, Jesus, and Socrates, he was a great thinker. The time for Nichiren to reveal the first democratic life philosophy and religion had come. The true spirit of Buddhism – as a philosophy for all people, not just a selected few, was revealed.  This was a great moment.
Before Nichiren appeared, most people believed that God or Buddha was supreme, and mankind was like a puppet, or an inferior subject. Nichiren obliterated that antiquated delusion, and originated a ‘new idea;’ that humans are supreme, and that any person can become a Buddha.  
Nichiren taught that all matter and energy possesses the Buddha nature; including sentient beings, such as people and animals; and insentient beings like rocks, plants, clouds, and rain. When people believe that they are guilty, defective or weak, it is easy for them to retreat from taking responsibility for their lives. This form of passive resignation, or surrender to delusion makes it easy for evil forces to gain power over those who are weak. This results in people being disempowered, and mistreated. It also creates societies filled with corruption, tyranny, terror, and exploitation.
Nichiren realized that to change the world it was necessary to change individual people at their core. Any change like this would have to come from the person’s own efforts to bring forth their potential for enlightenment. The change needed was not technological or political. It was a change in ideas brought forth by an elevation of mans life condition. Once Senji heard someone say: “There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come.” Nichiren’s idea was just that. It was powerful because it was an idea whose time had come.  
“This is what that river of faith is,” thought Senji the Rock, “It is a river of beliefs and ideas - whose time has come. What you want is not outside, across the street, over the mountain, or in some other land; it is right inside you; right here and right now. That’s the idea.”
“That’s it,” thought Senji. “So you don’t need rules, fear, guilt, or submission to some being outside to grant you anything. It is completely, inside. But where; how can you see it, touch it, bring it out and use this power for happiness? What is the key? What is the source? Nichiren taught that you and the universe are in no way separate. The universe is in you. You and the Law of the universe are ONE, and by invoking this law you awaken to your great hidden potential and elevate your life condition leading to Buddhahood.
Senji learned from Nichiren that the way to make this transformation occur, is to “arouse pure faith.”  He saw Makiguchi, Toda, and Ikeda do it; and millions of SGI practitioners, as well. If a person chants Nam-myoho-renge-kyo they can wake it up, arouse it, push the button, ignite it, and start the ball rolling.
It is so simple. It doesn’t cost anything, and anyone can do it anywhere.
No one can stop you. Now you are free. That is the great idea, the great equalizer. That is why Toda used to call the Gohonzon a  “Happiness manufacturing machine.”  In fact, Senji felt that ‘this idea’ was what the Jews were really waiting for. That’s the messiah. It’s not a person, who will live and die, but more important than that, it’s an idea that will live on. It’s an idea whose time has come. 

Judaism and Christianity Come Together in Buddhism
Senji finally realized, “It’s true.” Thousands of years ago, people needed rules. Moses commanded men to honor their parents, but he never explained why. Buddhism gives explanations, not orders.  Buddhism teaches that because of the Law of cause and effect, we need to repay our debt of gratitude to those who have helped us.  Nichiren also taught that life is infinitely precious, and that all life possesses the “Buddha-nature.”  So, we honor our father and mother because: 1) they possess the Buddha nature, 2) they were good to us and we need to repay goodness, and 3) they gave us life, the greatest gift of all. Now, we have three reasons why - as wise people – we honor our parents. 
While Senji partially understood the concept, “Love thy neighbor as thyself,” before, he never saw the whole picture until he studied Buddhism. 
According to Buddhism, at one time in our past, each person living today was either our father or our mother. Believing this, we come to realize how wrong it would be to hate or kill our parents or any one. Since it is impossible to fully repay the debt of gratitude that we owe our parents, the best we can do is to become the best we can become. We can prove the value of the gift of life we received by attaining the supreme life condition of Buddhahood. At the same time we can save our parents due to the eternal law of cause and effect.  If the child becomes a Buddha (effect), the parent (cause) becomes a Buddha, as well.
Senjis’ understanding of Jewish and Christian values deepened through Buddhism. When Jesus taught, he was expressing the compassionate world of Bodhisattva, however; he was unable to lay down a method of accomplishing his dreams for all mankind in the future.   
“Love thy neighbor as thy self,” is Buddhist philosophy. In Judaism, such an idea was revolutionary. This shows that Jesus was aware of Buddhist ideas. It is sad that Jesus’ idea never came to fruition and that since his death, man has been dehumanizing, enslaving and murdering his neighbor continually.  Mankind has been held in the lower six paths for thousands of years. Every time someone has tried to take a step out of the shadows of man’s ‘fundamental darkness; they were persecuted. Socrates, Jesus, Galileo, Abraham Lincoln, Nichiren Daishonin, Martin Luther King, Tsunesaburo Makiguchi, and Gandhi are just a few examples. 
Senji believed that Nichiren Buddhism was the logical next step in the quest for the truth and happiness. This quest that was born out of the suffering that gave birth to Judaism, and found a new home in Christianity. Religion, after all, exists for the sake of man. Man does not exist for the sake of the religion. In some philosophies, man exists to serve God or the forces of the universe.  In Nichiren Buddhism, however; the ‘gods,’ or the universal forces exist to serve man in his aspiration for enlightenment.
This river of faith is something anyone can travel on. A Moslem, a Catholic, an atheist, a Jew, a Hindu, a Christian, a provisional Buddhist, or of any type of believer or non-believer can enter this ‘river of faith,’ chant Nam myoho-renge-kyo, and attain enlightenment. 
There is no barrier. It’s always up to the individual and there is no such thing as sin, or guilt; only the Law of Cause and Effect. Even if you become aware that you have made a bad cause, as a Nichiren Buddhist, you do not harbor regret or continue to punish yourself. Rather, armed with hope in your left hand and ‘Faith, Practice, and Study’ in your right, you exchange a sense of regret for a determination to overcome. You move from victim to champion.
Shakyamuni found out that people suffer because they slander and deny their own ‘enlightened human nature’ aka, “Buddha-Nature.” People deny their true self-identity, because they are unaware. This denial keeps them trapped in the six lower worlds causing them to make bad causes in lifetime after lifetime. 
The Law of the Simultaneous Nature of Cause and Effect, on the other hand, is absolute. So, when a person arouses pure faith through chanting, they awaken the power to take responsibility for their lives. Without this “arousal of pure faith” people will just wait for help from the outside; and that help will never come. Waiting passively is a recipe for unhappiness. In Nichiren Buddhism, the reason that a person can change his bad karma is because it’s his, not someone else’s. No one gave it to you, and no one but you can take it away.  No outside force can help; and moreover no outside force can hinder you or stop you, either. This is empowering! But you must act. Don’t forget ‘karma ‘ means action.  

Lessening Karmic Retribution
Nichiren Buddhism teaches that each person can change his or her karma, by the process of “Lessening Karmic Retribution.” The theory goes like this.  Pretend someone stole $1,000,000.00 in a past life. They will owe it in this or some future lifetime. It is a debt they must re-pay. If, however, they make, an over-riding good cause now; they can lessen the debt to maybe $100,000.00, or $10,000.00. This use of money is for illustration purposes only; because it goes much further than this. According to President Ikeda, 
“Lessening one's karmic retribution is not a simple settling of our karmic accounts; it implies a fundamental transformation of our lives, whereby we put a stop to the negative cycle of suffering and delusion and enter a new positive trajectory of happiness. When we do so, we can savor in lifetime after lifetime the blessings of the worlds of Humanity, Heaven, Learning, Realization, Bodhisattva, and Buddhahood.  
In other words, lessening karmic retribution leads directly to the great path of attaining Buddhahood. In that sense, when we lessen our karmic retribution, it doesn't mean merely zeroing out a minus balance, but rather that we effect a momentous change in the direction of our very lives, shifting from a downward descent toward an infinite upward ascent, from a negative path to a positive one of genuine good. This is the power of the Mystic Law, which has the ability to transform the negative into something beneficial--in other words, to turn poison into medicine.” 
The way the person decreases his former debt from $1,000,000 to just $10,000 is by chanting and helping others.  The next step is to turn the liability of $1,000,000 into assets totaling ten times that amount or more. Pres Ikeda also stated…“A life forged through efforts to protect the Law drives out the impurities of the negative karma created through slander …. Because we practice the correct teaching, denounce slander of the Law and forge inner strength, we can change our karma and establish the eternally indestructible state of Buddhahood in our lives. This is the attainment of Buddhahood in this lifetime.”  
If negative karma comes from slandering the law, by denouncing slander we erase the negative karma. Because the Law of cause and effect is strict and impartial, you can only overcome the burden of the negative with a great positive.  Great good vanquishes great evil. Thus, a debt that causes despair can be changed into an asset that brings hope; ignorance can be transformed into wisdom, and hatred and jealousy can become love and appreciation, by invoking the Law; which is Nam-myoho-renge-kyo.

Fighting Evil
Nichiren teaches that performing good and fighting against evil are both parts of creating good karma; and one cannot exist without the other.  No matter how good, sweet, kind, and smart you are; if, at the right time, you fail to stand up to injustice, you are wasting all your goodness. You are negating it. Therefore, one who is good must always fight against evil. Now…. What is evil? Is it a man with a gun? Can be. Is it the negligence to causes anothers’ death? Yes. Are accidents a type of evil? Yes. 
One of the greatest evils is to doubt, to give up, to not even try, and to discourage others from trying to stand up.
So if you have a dream, don’t give up. That is the essence of Buddhism… DON’T GIVE UP.
Buddhism teaches that you are supreme. You can do it, because you possess the Buddha nature. You can fulfill your ultimate potential and create a world were all people can do the same thing. 
Therefore, a Nichiren Buddhist will always fight against injustice and anything that denigrates human dignity.  Slander of the Law is a denigration of the Law and humanity.  This ‘fighting,’ however, is not a violent physical type of fighting. It is fighting with words, ideas, compassion, and the will to help by chanting, conducting dialogue and showing actual proof.  Even Senji knew, “The pen is mightier than the sword.”  One’s voice and words, whether spoken or written, convey one’s true intent.   It means people can chant with a strong determination, as if bringing water out of a rock.  The kind of determination needed is explained in one of Nichiren’s writing, entitled “General Stone Tiger,” where it states: 
“The mighty warrior General Li Kuang, whose mother had been devoured by a tiger, shot an arrow at the stone he believed was the tiger. The arrow penetrated the stone all the way up to its feathers. But once he realized it was only a stone, he was unable to pierce it again. Later he came to be known as General Stone Tiger. …”   
In other words, this general had such a strong determination to avenge the death of his beloved mother; that his arrow went right into the rock, penetrating its outer surface and lodging itself deep inside.  When he tried to do it again, he already knew that it was not a tiger. So no matter how hard he tried he could never penetrate the rock again.   Belief is like this. If it is so powerful in the seen, physical world, Senji asked, “Can you imagine how powerful it might be in the unseen world of faith?”  

This shows that there is no limit to the power of strong determination, coupled with doubt-free faith.  Practitioners of Nichiren Buddhism, though ordinary humans, are determined, like General Stone Tiger, to fulfill their mission as encouragers; and are never afraid to speak out.  
In fact, when Buddhists chant Nam-myoho-renge-kyo to the Gohonzon they save the living, and the deceased as well; seven generations back, and seven generations into the future. 

The Compassion of Nichiren Daishonin
 The founder and model of this life philosophy is Nichiren Daishonin. In a letter to his disciple, Shijo Kingo, entitled, “The Three Kinds of Treasure,” Nichiren Daishonin states….
“Over and over I recall the moment, unforgettable even now, when I was about to be beheaded and you accompanied me, holding the reins of my horse and weeping tears of grief.  Nor could I ever forget it in any lifetime to come. If you should fall into hell for some grave offense, no matter how Shakyamuni Buddha might urge me to become a Buddha, I would refuse; I would rather go to hell with you. For if you and I should fall into hell together, we would find Shakyamuni Buddha and the Lotus Sutra there. It would be as if the moon were illuminating the darkness, as if cold water were pouring into hot, as if fire were melting ice, or as if the sun were dispelling the darkness. But if you depart from my advice even slightly, do not blame me for what may happen.” 

When Senji read these words, he realized that he had never heard of any religious teacher, mentor, or philosopher talk like this? Nichiren demonstrates a totally unique devotion to his disciple. Who would not want to follow a mentor like that? 

After reading his letters, Senji realized that Nichiren was very strict with himself and others. He is a unique individual whose words and actions matched perfectly; and whose words you can trust with your life. When he says that he would not forget what Shijo Kingo did even in a future lifetime, Senji believed him. His love, loyalty and compassion for his disciple comes first, even above his own enlightenment. That is the epitome of the bodhisattva spirit. Even if, theoretically, his mentor or fellow Buddha would offer him enlightenment, he would turn it down rather than forsake his disciple.  So what is his priority? It is his disciple. So what is the Buddhas’ priority? It is the disciple. Is there any expression of compassion greater than this? Is this not a prime example of “Love they neighbor as thyself.” 
Where do you think this heartfelt compassion comes from? It comes from: the vow.  That is the heart of the Buddha, his vow. Of course Nichiren has total confidence that even if he were to do such a thing, he would still be able to save himself and his disciple. In addition, Nichiren is sternly warning his beloved disciple, and implanting within Shijo Kingo the awareness that he is also at the mercy of the Law of Cause and Effect. He is praising Kingo, yet protecting him from becoming too arrogant or careless. This is a sign of great wisdom and compassion. Shijo Kingo is famous for having a hot temper. Nichiren warned him that even though he is a wise and faithful man; the law of cause and effect is supreme. The positive forces in the universe, even though ready to come to his rescue; will not protect him if he looses his temper. In this way, Nichiren is showing ‘tough love’ to guide his disciple.  ”Losing ones temper,” is not to be taken lightly. It can be a very serious issue. In another of his writings Nichiren states, “Misfortune comes from one’s mouth and ruins one, but fortune comes from one’s heart and makes one worthy of respect.” 
In other writings Nichiren states: “Nevertheless, I vowed to summon up a powerful and unconquerable desire for the salvation of all beings and never to falter in my efforts.”  In addition, he wished for his disciples to make the same vow. He also stated: “Spur yourself to muster the power of faith. Regard your survival as wondrous. Employ the strategy of the Lotus Sutra before any other” . . . “All others who bear you enmity or malice will likewise be wiped out.”. . . .   “These golden words will never prove false.”. . . .  “Each of you should summon up the courage of a lion king and never succumb to threats from anyone. The lion king fears no other beast, nor do its cubs.”
To make such a vow, Nichiren uses words like:  “muster” deep faith and courage, “spur” ourselves on,  “arouse” deep faith, and “summon” faith and courage.  These are strong words, completely different than begging or pleading. They are more like demanding. In a sense Nichiren is beseeching us to take the position of commander, over our own faith. That is why President Ikeda often uses the term “Self-mastery” as a synonym for ‘human revolution.’  
Senji the rock realized that they have to make this Vow of the Oneness of the Mentor and The Disciple. Without this vow to keep the ‘River of Faith’ flowing there could be no Buddhism.  This is the vow Makiguchi made, with his life. This is the same vow that Toda made as his disciple. And this is the same vow that Daisaku Ikeda made as the third president and is shown in his countless works, efforts, books, and poems, for over sixty years. The Legacy of Daisaku Ikeda is so vast and deep, as the third great mentor of the 20th and 21st century, that it will take hundreds of years to unfold. 
Senji was a rock; but he was a small part of the big rock, the Earth. The Buddha represents the universe and the Universal Law. The Rock and The Buddha, therefore; represent The Earth and The Universe. 
Senji stopped for a moment. He just stood there aware, but not actually thinking; just aware. He felt the energy of the infinite and eternal universe.

In the sky there are currents of air like highways, millions of them constantly flowing in various directions and inter-connecting with one another.  That is an example of the ‘River of Faith,’ manifesting itself in nature. 
The universe believes in itself. 
In the air there are rays and waves; radio waves, television waves, sound waves, cellular phone waves, light waves, x-rays, cosmic rays, ultraviolet rays, all with different wavelengths and unique frequencies. These are ‘Rivers of Faith,’ and information flows inside them. 
Throughout history, words, ideas, philosophies, religions, dreams, and promises have been flowing, and accumulating for a better life for humanity. These are ‘Rivers of Faith,’ in the collective unconscious of the human race.
Within the theories of the Ten Worlds, the nine consciousnesses, the oneness of mentor and disciple, the simultaneity of cause and effect, flows the Law. This one law of Nam-myoho-renge-kyo is the ultimate “River of Faith.”
And here is the catch! It cannot stop here. It must go on. It must continue. Those present and future disciples of Nichiren Daishonin and President Daisaku Ikeda, must bond together with Senji the Rock in making a vow so that the Nichiren Buddhist ‘River of Faith’ continues to flow.
This “River of faith” flows through the mentor and the disciple.  It is called the Oneness of Mentor and Disciple. What keeps this ‘River of Faith’ flowing endlessly?  It is the vow.  If the Mentor and the disciple are one, in what way are they one? It is their vow. The disciple makes the same vow as the mentor, with all his heart and all his life.
The vow is the doorway or path to the “river of faith.” To make a vow is the same as making a commitment to fulfill one’s responsibility. To take responsibility for the salvation of all mankind by spreading Nichiren Buddhism is the same as making a vow to oneself. This is the main idea. In spite of all difficulties we do this, because the river of faith flows inside us and outside us; but most importantly, it flows through us, from mentor to disciple to mentor to disciple; ever onward flows the heritage of the law: Nam-myoho-renge-kyo.

Senji also made this vow.  
One day in 1960, after Daisaku Ikeda had been inaugurated as the third President of the Sokagakkai, he decided to fly to America and start to spread Nichiren Buddhism outside the little island country of Japan. This was a momentous event. President Ikeda went to his desk, pondered the great event awaiting him, picked up a Photo and a letter he received from his mentor Josei Toda and put it in the inner breast pocket of his suit jacket. He got up and started for the door. Then he stopped and remembered the Rock, Senji, the rock that was picked up by Makiguchi at Taisakeji in 1929, and given to Toda and passed on to him. He turned around walked back to his desk and looked at Senji. He picked up the rock, in remembrance of Makiguchi, put it in his pocket and took it with him to the Airport.

The plane lifted off for America. 
Senji smiled,  “Look, I am flying.”
Just then a beam of light shot through the airplane and lifted Senji into the air taking him with lightning speed deep into the vast universe, billions of light years away.
“Swish….”



THE END

Thank you for reading my book.  If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer.
Thanks
Philip Jay Gould
Writerphil2013@yahoo.com












