


BLACKWATER

By

Alison Williams

Copyright 2010 by Alison Williams

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved.

No reproduction without permission.
The right of Alison Williams to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Design and Patents Act, 1988.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1

Lizzie could feel the scar under her fingers. It began just below her hairline and stretched in a puckered ridge to the edge of her left eyebrow, the flesh uneven beneath her touch. Although she had rarely seen the scar herself, she knew from the averted eyes of others that it had not much faded; that, even after seven years it still marred her young face, whatever her mother might say. She pulled at a lock of yellow hair now, arranging it over the ruined skin. Her mother was watching from the hearth.
‘Leave it now, Lizzie. We need to go. I know it’s not a long walk to Finchampstead, but I do want to get there early.’
Lizzie turned and tried to smile, though her mother’s words made her heart heavy. 
‘I’m ready, Mother.’ She paused, pursing her lips. ‘Although, must we go? It will be so busy. You know how it will be. All those people pushing and shoving at each other to get the best view. It’s horrible.’
Maggie sighed. Walking over to Lizzie, she tucked some loose strands of hair behind the girl’s ear. 
‘Lizzie, I know you hate it but we have talked about this. You need to think of those women. Think how afraid they must be today. Stepping out into that jeering and shouting to meet their deaths. And not one look of kindness to fall on their poor heads. Not one bit of comfort. Would you deny them that? We must be there.’
Lizzie nodded, ashamed of her selfishness.
‘I’m sorry. It’s just that I hate the staring. The whispers behind our backs. And I hate to see their suffering.’
‘I know you do, but you know, it’s something you will get used to. If you are to follow me in my work. Don’t be ashamed of what we do. There are many women in these parts grateful to me for their very lives. You know that from the gifts left on the doorstep! Now stop fiddling with your hair. The scar is not as bad as you think it. And besides, if it was twice as big and twice as red, you’d still be the most beautiful girl in Eversley!’
The women stepped out of the cottage into the bright sunlight. It was unseasonably warm and the weather had encouraged plenty of spectators who now thronged the narrow lane despite the early hour, all making their way to the scene of the executions. Lizzie could never understand the fascination of these people for the spectacle of death. Her mother had made her attend executions as soon as she had been old enough, although what age was suitable to witness that horrible sight, Lizzie didn’t know. But Maggie’s reasons for attending were far removed from those of these other early travellers. Lizzie had witnessed it far more often than she cared to remember. The villagers treated these occasions as holidays. They wore their best clothes and thought nothing of bringing their children along, some mere babes in arms. They happily bought refreshments from vendors who did a brisk trade both before and after the executions. There seemed to be no compassion for the poor souls who would be the focus of the spectacle. Lizzie scowled as she was jostled by a large woman, striding along the lane with her children in tow.
‘I can’t understand how they bring their children with them. Or why they come at all for that matter.’
Maggie sighed.
‘Their lives are dull, Lizzie, and this is a bit of excitement.’
Lizzie bristled.
‘The deaths of their neighbours? Of those they have known all their lives? It is bad enough they have accused their friends, without enjoying their murders.’
Maggie gave Lizzie a warning look.
‘Be careful, keep your voice down. You know how it is, we have discussed it often enough. These people are poor, their lives are hard. When things go wrong, as they do so often, they look for someone to blame.’ 
‘But why blame those who have helped them in the past? The people who have given them cures, helped them when they were desperate?’
Her mother shook her head, her eyes sad. Lizzie knew that Maggie herself had suffered suspicion and persecution all her life.
‘Because they are scared. Because it is easy to turn on those who don’t fit in, who are different.’
Lizzie felt a shiver of fear.
‘Those like us?’
‘You know Lizzie, I have spent my life working with the plants of the earth, using those things that nature has been kind enough to give us, to help us if we only open our eyes and know where to look. And, yes, I have been shunned by some; have even been accused by others of terrible things.’ She paused, a shadow darkening her face. ‘You know it has not been easy. Moving around from place to place.’
Lizzie nodded. They had indeed moved at least five or six times before coming to Eversley when Lizzie was seven. They were lucky to have been able to stay here for as long as they had. In those years, Lizzie had seen the good that Maggie did, witnessed the gratitude of those helped in their most desperate times, and when she had been allowed to assist Maggie in that most wonderful feat of nature, aiding at the births of so many babies, she had known that, despite the danger, the work they did, the work that she would continue, was worthwhile and right. Even when they heard horrible tales of women like them, accused, frightened, tortured and eventually led to their deaths at the noose, she knew that she would carry on Maggie’s work – it was what she was born to do. So now, in the midst of these excited crowds, who would soon cheer as those poor women swung from the ropes, she tried to be brave, tried to ready herself to bring some small comfort to them in their hour of need. For in the back of her mind was the knowledge that one day she might have need of that same fellow feeling, that same small comfort, if suspicion and fear ever came knocking at her door.

Lizzie and Maggie were amongst the first arrivals at the scaffold. It had been set up at the foot of the small hill on top of which stood the old church of St James, at a safe enough distance from the venerable building to ensure that the rotten souls of the condemned caused no offence, but close enough to the tavern to allow for a brisk trade. Lizzie wondered if the location had been chosen on purpose; after all the stretch of road down which the women would soon travel was known as the Devil’s Highway. Pilgrims had been travelling here for years, or so the locals said, though not the type of worshippers that the current church would have approved of, for it was rumoured to have been the site of a pagan temple. How dreadful that a place of peace should now witness the destruction of life. The gallows loomed, out of place in the bright sunshine of the morning. The platform was built high, so those arriving later would still be afforded a good view. Three nooses swung there already, waiting for their doomed burdens, the ladder they would ascend to their deaths waiting. Lizzie felt a tremor in her stomach as she looked at the ropes. Even now their victims would be on the cart. She could not imagine the fear that must be in their hearts, although many whose demise she had witnessed had seemed almost dead already, their faces blank, their limbs compliant as they were hoisted, some even carried, up onto the scaffold. She supposed this was a blessing. Indeed, those executions were much easier to witness than those where the victims had been all too aware of what was about to befall them. She had seen women kicking, screaming, fighting and wailing. These were the scenes that the crowds enjoyed most – laughing, spitting, raising their own voices as the screams of the women grew louder. Lizzie hoped those who would hang today had already accepted their fate – after all they could not change it. They were powerless.
As the day grew warmer so the number of spectators increased. Maggie and Lizzie were close to the scaffold with no-one in front of them and as the crowd grew they found themselves pressed from all sides. Lizzie began to feel claustrophobic; she could smell the bodies that surrounded her, the stench of sweat, of food, their very breath. She looked at Maggie, saw her mother was also suffering. Their eyes met and Maggie smiled, her eyes warm, encouraging and Lizzie felt her mother’s fingers grasp her hand. Suddenly, the crowd surged forward and Lizzie felt as though her breath had been pushed from her lungs.
‘Keep calm, Lizzie.’ Maggie’s voice was low. ‘They will be here soon.’
At that moment the rattle of the cart’s wheels could be heard amongst the hubbub of the crowd. Lizzie strained her neck to one side and saw its arrival form the corner of her eye, passing the new clay brick tower of the church, that glowed red in the sunshine. The crowd surged forward once more, and voices began, jeering, shouting, and catcalling. Then there was a sudden silence. Lizzie looked to the scaffold. The minister, a man called Jarvis, was climbing up the wooden steps, a bible under his arm. He was a small, neatly-dressed man, thin-faced and bearded, his collar bright in the sunshine. Despite his size, he seemed to command authority, peering down at the crowd with a sneering countenance as if daring them to murmur. Lizzie could hardly draw her eyes from him - there was something terrifying about the way he surveyed them all with his dark eyes. He stood silent as the three women were brought up to join him.
Two of these women were mother and daughter, both cunning women. In these small villages and towns the people were poor. They could not afford the care of a doctor and many would not trust one anyway, preferring to use the same remedies that their families had trusted for generations before. These cunning folk could also be relied upon to help with those particular circumstances that were not spoken about; not only helping with births but also preventing them. Lizzie knew that Maggie had sometimes helped women over the years that had come to her, finding themselves with child, terrified of the prospect of another mouth to feed. And Maggie knew, as surely as these accused women did, of the herbs needed to prevent a pregnancy continuing. Many would shudder at this, would call it evil – but what was the greater evil? To let some poor woman go through another dangerous birth from her already ravaged body? To bring a child into the world to go hungry, unwanted, unloved? But this work was dangerous; it left these women open to suspicion. Many were blamed for another woman’s barrenness. Indeed, Lizzie knew that these women were accused of that very crime. 
Jenny Wainwright stood shaking on the scaffold, her face terrified. She was no more than twenty, her pretty face sunken now, her eyes huge in her face. Beside her stood her mother, Agnes and next to her Susan Templeton, Jenny’s best friend, indeed her only friend in Finchampstead. Maggie had told Lizzie of the case against them.
‘It began with that spiteful Sarah Hitching’’ Maggie had surprised Lizzie with the vehemence in her voice. ‘She was desperate for a child after her marriage, terrified that if she didn’t fall pregnant then her husband would look elsewhere’.
Lizzie had thought of Bill Hitching with a shudder. He was known in the public houses and taverns around Finchampstead and Eversley as a man to avoid. Widowed, with a son, Daniel, who was almost the same age as Sarah, he was a bitter man and had taken to drink after his poor wife had died giving birth early to their second child – a boy that had survived only a few minutes more than his mother. Lizzie did not understand why Sarah had married him, although at thirty she was considered almost an old woman. He was probably her last chance. Lizzie herself would rather be a spinster than have that man touch her, but Sarah was anxious to be wed.
‘Well,’ Maggie had continued. ‘Sarah didn’t fall pregnant so she went to Jenny for help. Jenny gave her a tea of nettles and a tincture of rosemary leaves to help, but as you know, there are no guarantees. Anyway, Sarah claims the herbs made her sick; she developed a fever and was kept to her bed for some days. And she still did not conceive. She blames Jenny, although that might have less to do with the herbs and more to do with the fact that Bill tried to court Jenny before he married Sarah. Agnes gave him short shrift, no doubt.’
Sarah had some influence in Finchampstead, many feared being at the end of her spiteful tongue. Once she accused Jenny, it did not take long for others to do the same. Jenny had then implicated both her mother and her friend, though under what terrible duress Lizzie could only imagine. In the end, all three had admitted to causing Sarah‘s barrenness, and also to being responsible for the series of late miscarriages suffered by Sarah’s sister. They had claimed to be jealous of the family, had admitted that Jenny had wanted to marry Bill Hitching, that she had been torn apart by bitterness and hate when he had chosen Sarah rather than her. While Lizzie understood that Jenny, Agnes and Susan may have told these lies in order to make any sufferings stop, she could not understand how the others in the village, indeed how Sarah and Bill Hitching themselves, could go along with this travesty. But glancing around her, at the expectant faces, she knew that they did believe it; that these lies had somehow become the accepted truth. 
Now all three stood on the scaffold, trembling as the minister began to pray. The crowd around them joined in, murmuring along. Maggie and Lizzie moved their lips too, though neither uttered a sound. Lizzie could not invoke God and she knew Maggie would not, could not, either. What God, after all, would allow this injustice to happen? Looking at Jenny and Susan, Lizzie suddenly remembered a day many years before when she had been wandering by the Blackwater River. The river was her favourite spot to play; she could be alone there with her day dreams and games, away from the taunts, from the pinches and shoves she often received at the hands of the other village children. On this day she had been looking for tadpoles in the shallow water at the river’s edge. Engrossed in her search she had been disturbed by laughter, and had turned her head to see Jenny and Susan. They were running along the bank on the other side of the river, hand in hand, giggling. Lizzie felt a lump in her throat now as she recalled those joyful faces, as she remembered her own heavy heart at the sight of them, her jealousy and loneliness as she longed to join them, to know that feeling of friendship, of pure, childish happiness. 
Now she looked up at those once carefree girls. Straining her neck backwards she kept her gaze steady on Jenny’s face. The girl was looking around her, petrified, as the prayer finished. Rumblings began in the crowd, now desperate for the deaths to begin. Lizzie shuddered. She could see the executioner now with the dread black hood in his hand, approaching Jenny. Placing a meaty hand on her shoulder, he guided her up the rungs of the ladder, her legs trembling as she tried to negotiate them, her stumbles drawing jeers from the crowd. She stood at the top, shivering. Lizzie willed the girl to look at her, to see a friendly face at this terrible last moment. Jenny looked around, her eyes huge in that sunken face. Then her eyes met Lizzie’s and Lizzie smiled at the poor girl, trying to convey some small comfort, some humanity. Jenny’s eyes, full of fear, of panic, held Lizzie’s look. She kept those eyes on Lizzie until the black hood covered that once lovely face. Then all too soon the ladder was pulled away and Jenny fell, the rope tightening around her slender neck, her legs twitching horribly. The crowd cheered, pressing forward, until Lizzie felt her feet actually being lifted from the ground, so keen were these people to get as close as they could. Lizzie held her breath as the twitching of Jenny’s legs slowed, but it took an age until they were finally still. By this time the executioner had already moved on to Susan, who, her face suffused with dread, had watched her friend dying in front of her. Lizzie grasped Maggie’s hand tighter as the same horrible dance was repeated. When the executioner came to Agnes, Lizzie could bear it no more. Ashamed of her weakness, of her selfishness, but unable to watch, she closed her eyes as the noose was placed around the poor woman’s neck. Waited until the rope stopped creaking under the weight of the old woman’s body. Then slowly she opened her eyes. The three bodies hung there, all life gone, swaying gently from the ropes. The crowd stood quiet for a moment then seemed, as one, to withdraw from the scene, leaving Maggie and Lizzie standing hand in hand, heads bowed, hearts heavy as the hangman cut the bodies down.

The people soon moved on to more entertainment- the men to the tavern, the women to the green to feed their children and to gossip. Maggie and Lizzie picked their way through the crowds. The day was dreadfully hot and Lizzie could feel sweat running down her back. She glanced at Maggie. Her mother looked pale, Lizzie thought. Indeed, she looked quite ill.
‘Are you alright, Mother?’
Maggie hesitated, then shook her head.
‘I’ll be truthful, Lizzie, I feel terrible. My head aches and I’m dizzy.’
Lizzie sighed, concerned for Maggie but also wishing to be away from these awful crowds.
Maggie placed a hand on her shoulder. 
‘Don’t worry, I’ll be fine once we are away from here.’
They began to walk, but had only gone a few steps when Maggie stumbled. Lizzie looked at her mother.
‘You are so white; you barely have any colour at all. Come on now; sit down a while in the shade of this tree. I’ll go into the tavern and get us some ale.’
Maggie nodded.
‘You’re right, though I have no wish to be here longer than I need to. But I don’t think I can walk home until I have had something to drink.’
‘That’s settled then. Sit here and rest. I’ll be back as quickly as I can.’
Leaving Maggie to settle herself in the shade, Lizzie made her way towards The Queen’s Oak. The heavy wooden door was open, jammed in place with a stub of wood to let fresh air into the gloomy interior. The place was packed, mainly with men, and Lizzie was nervous as she tried to push her way to the bar. She kept her head down, ignoring the comments that she heard, dark whisperings along with more lewd murmurings, aware more than ever of the scar on her forehead. Finally she reached the bar and squeezed into a space, resting her elbows on the sticky wooden counter. The landlord was busy, dashing from customer to customer, shouting instructions and insults at the two skinny girls helping him, their eyes downcast. Lizzie tried to attract their attention, worrying about Maggie, and wanting to get away from this place and return to the sanctuary of their cottage. She was relieved when one of the girls noticed her and made her way over.
‘Two tankards of ale, please,’ Lizzie stammered, trying to make her voice heard above the din of the tavern. The barmaid nodded and began to turn away when the man next to Lizzie flashed out a hand and grabbed the girl’s arm.
‘Hey, I was here first. I’ve been waiting ages.’
The girl flinched and Lizzie could see that the man’s fingers were pressing into her flesh. She looked at Lizzie, her eyes full of fear. Lizzie nodded.
‘It’s fine. Take this gentleman’s order first.’
The man snorted.
‘Gentleman? Did you call me a gentleman? What do you mean by that?’
Lizzie looked the other way, determined to ignore him, then a sharp finger poked her in the ribs.
‘I’m talking to you.’ The man was obviously drunk. Lizzie still did not turn. She did not want trouble. The finger jabbed her ribs again. The barmaid scurried away to serve another customer. Lizzie, heart beating wildly, tried to shift her body away from her tormentor, but her way was blocked by the bulk of another man. This man turned his head now, his dark eyes small in his large face. He drew those eyes up and down Lizzie’s face; she could almost feel the scar burning under his scrutiny. Then he peered over her head at the other man.
‘What’s up George? Is this girl giving you trouble?’
‘Well, she is a bit unfriendly. Turning away like I’m not good enough to talk to.’
The large man smiled, looking at Lizzie again. He reached out a fleshy hand and touched Lizzie’s forehead, running a stubby finger over the line of the scar. Lizzie shuddered, terrified. She pulled her head back and the man laughed, revealing a row of blackened teeth.
‘What’s the matter, girl? You’re right, George, she is unfriendly.’ He leaned closer, his smile vanishing, replaced by a look of scorn, of disgust. ‘Don’t know why you’re so unfriendly, girl. You should be glad anyone would even want to talk to you. Have you seen her face, George? She’s an ugly bitch to be sure.’
Lizzie blanched. The drunk man on her other side was laughing.
‘Well then, I suppose I won’t bother with her after all. Although she looks alright from where I’m standing.’
He pushed against her, slamming her hip into the wooden bar. Lizzie looked around her, panicking. She had to get out of here, drink or no drink. The big man’s face leered at her. He reached his hand out again and Lizzie ducked her head, closing her eyes, waiting for a blow. When it didn’t fall she opened her eyes, surprised to see the man’s hand still raised, but stopped in its path by another hand, gripping the thick wrist. Then she heard a gentle voice, one she recognised.
‘Come on now lads, leave the girl alone. She’s just trying to buy a drink, like the rest of us.’
The bigger man scowled.
‘You mind your own business, Samuel Pendle. It’s nothing to do with you.’
Lizzie looked up at Samuel’s face, relief washing over her at the sight of him. He had rescued her from more scrapes than she cared to remember. And here he was again, just when she needed him. His blue eyes were laughing, whether at her or at the two men, she did not know. And what he had to laugh about she was at a loss to understand. Both these men were bigger than him, and they didn’t look happy.
Samuel released the wrist and clapped the man on the shoulder. 
‘Let it go now, Tom, and you George. And don’t drink too much either. You don’t want to miss work tomorrow.’
The men grumbled, but Lizzie sensed the danger was passed, for now. Samuel had grabbed her hand and was pulling her away. He managed to force his way through the crowded bar and before she knew it they were stepping out into the sunlight. 
‘Well, Elizabeth Prentice, I am surprised to have found you in a tavern.’
Lizzie felt herself blush, aware of the scar tingling with heat. She raised her hand to brush her hair over the raised skin. Samuel reached up and moved her hand away, his eyes kind. Lizzie held his gaze.
‘Mother was feeling faint. The day has been too much, I think; the heat and the crowds. We needed a drink before we began the walk home.’
Samuel nodded.
‘And you had the misfortune to run into Tom and George. I can’t believe they’ve managed to get drunk already. Father won’t be pleased if they turn up for work with bad heads tomorrow. They’re lazy enough as it is. No doubt they made sure they were first in line at the tavern once that dreadful show was over.’ A shadow crossed his face. He shook his shoulders slightly and then smiled again. ‘Anyway, you say Maggie is feeling unwell?’
Lizzie nodded. 
‘She’s waiting for me under that tree. She felt faint. It takes it out of her, out of both of us to witness these things.’ She paused, worried she had said too much, but Samuel was nodding in agreement.
‘Yes, it’s certainly not a pretty sight to see. I wonder how these people manage to enjoy it so much.’ He looked around, at the women laughing and gossiping, at the children playing chase. ‘Still, come on, I have some ale in the cart. I’ll give you and Maggie a ride back to your cottage.’
Lizzie hesitated. ‘Are you sure, Samuel? What about your mother and father? Will they not be needing you to drive them home?’
Samuel shook his head.
‘They are staying here a while longer. Father has a meeting later with the constable and the parson. It gives Mother an excuse to pay some visits and catch up with the gossip. No, it’s fine. I’ll come back later to collect them. Now, let’s see to Maggie. She’ll have half-died of thirst if we don’t hurry up.’ 
He took her hand to lead her back over to her mother and Lizzie felt her skin tingle with pleasure. Then she reminded herself that it was just Samuel. He had held her hand countless times over the years, dragging her away from crowds of bullies, pulling her to her feet when she had been pushed into a ditch or, on one horrible occasion, rescuing her from the dung heap at his father’s farm. Though they hadn’t really been close friends, not like Jenny and Susan, Samuel seemed to always be there to rescue her, much to the annoyance of his mother. Thinking of the woman, Lizzie glanced around uneasily. She knew that Bridget Pendle hated her, hated Samuel defending her. If she saw them holding hands now what would she think? And sure enough, there was Bridget, striding towards them, arm in arm with Sarah Hitching, both women laughing, Daniel Hitching skulking behind them, his eyes narrowing at the sight of Lizzie. When Bridget spotted Lizzie, the older woman’s expression changed to a mixture of suspicion and something that was almost hatred, Lizzie thought. Flushing, confused, Lizzie pulled her hand from Samuel’s, aware suddenly that Bridget wasn’t the only one looking at them. They were drawing stares from many of the other women gossiping on the green. She couldn’t afford to be the centre of that gossip. She and Maggie had enough of it to put up with already. No, she had to remember that she wasn’t seven anymore; she was seventeen, a woman. She couldn’t run about holding hands with a boy. She glanced up at Samuel; he was looking down at her, puzzled. She looked at him properly then. When had he become so broad-shouldered? So tall? He even had the beginnings of a beard. He smiled now, a dimple appearing in one cheek, his eyes lively and such a bright blue. Lizzie had never really noticed before. She flushed and dropped her eyes to the ground, confused as her belly twisted and flipped. What was wrong with her? Keeping her eyes on the ground, she walked towards her mother, trying her best to seem normal, but inside her stomach was fluttering with excitement as she realised, with a shock, how much she was looking forward to the short drive home.
 

Chapter 2

Lizzie scrubbed the pot vigorously. She was already late and the pottage had burned, making the task even more time consuming. Samuel would be waiting. At the thought of him, her heart contracted. Since that horrible day when he had rescued her in the tavern, the two of them had been meeting several times a week at the Blackwater. She always had errands to run, herbs to collect or fuel for the fire to fetch so she never wanted for an excuse to be out. But Maggie seemed to be finding more and more reasons for Lizzie to stay at home recently and Lizzie wondered if she suspected that the two were meeting. In fact, Maggie had kept Lizzie busy inside all day today. It wasn’t that Maggie disliked Samuel, in fact Lizzie knew she was fond of him. But Lizzie also knew that Maggie worried for her, did not want her to become the focus of suspicion and gossip in the village any more than she already was. Lizzie was worried too that her growing feelings for Samuel might change things between her and her mother. After all, it had always been the two of them, happy together in their little home. Maggie was the only family she had - for Lizzie had never known her father, Maggie would never speak of him. But Lizzie’s feelings for Samuel were growing deeper and she was almost sure that he felt the same way. She would talk with Samuel this evening, she decided, as she scraped at a particularly stubborn spot on the bottom of the pot, and see if he did indeed care for her as much as she cared for him. If he did, then it would be time to talk to Maggie.
Pot scrubbed and put away, Lizzie grabbed her basket and hurried through the village streets to the lane that led down to the river. The day was still pleasantly warm, the sun still bright in a cloudless sky. She needed to collect some nettle leaves; Maggie needed them to make an infusion to help cure their neighbour John Redfern’s stomach cramps. Maggie suspected John’s cramps were caused by his inability to pass water regularly. It was difficult for a proud man like John to admit to as much, and Lizzie knew it was a testament to Maggie’s skills, to her kindness and discretion, that he had felt able to confide in her. Although Lizzie was fond of John, she was secretly a little glad of the poor man’s distress, for his ailment had given her a useful excuse to go to the river, where nettles grew in abundance. Now she felt excitement rise in her as she followed the narrow path through the shade of the trees down to the bank. There, under the heavy branches of a willow, she saw Samuel. He had his back to her, and was looking out at the water; it was calm in the quiet of the early evening, dappled by the sunlight that shone through the trees. Lizzie slowed her step, making as little noise as she could – she wanted to savour this moment, to take in this view of him, relaxed, happy as he stood by the water. As she approached, she caught her breath at the sight of his broad shoulders, his straight back, his dark hair shining in the stippled light, curls falling on to his neck. She had a sudden urge to bury her hand in those curls, to feel their softness against her fingers. She could feel her cheeks reddening though there was no-one to witness her confusion. In her discomfiture, she stepped on a tree root that snaked across the path and stumbled, her footfall suddenly loud in the still air. Samuel turned, his face shocked at first, then his mouth widening into a broad smile.
‘Steady Lizzie, I don’t want you falling at my feet!’
Lizzie felt her cheeks grow even redder, but she could not help smiling at Samuel. His own smile was genuine, full of warmth and pleasure at the sight of her. He was at her side in a few steps, steadying her with a firm hand on her arm, taking her basket from her. They made their way to the water’s edge and sat down companionably close, the earth soft beneath them, cushioned with mossy grass. Lizzie could feel Samuel’s leg next to her own, could sense the pressure of it through her petticoats. She felt her heart beat faster, but she was not scared; she trusted Samuel, knew he would not hurt her. Indeed, he moved his leg away, staying close but not too close. And though she appreciated it, though his care for her made her heart swell, still she missed the warm presence, longed to feel it again. The thought again made her redden and she wished Samuel would speak, would alleviate the tension that was buzzing between them.
He seemed to sense her feelings because he began to chatter.
‘You’ve kept me waiting a long while. I was worried that you wouldn’t come. Is everything alright, or did something happen to keep you?’
Lizzie smiled.
‘Just chores. You know how it is. Mother seems to find more and more for me to do these days.’ She stopped and glanced sideways at Samuel, who was looking at her with concern.
‘Why would she do that, Lizzie? You look worried. Tell me what it is.’
Lizzie sighed. Should she tell Samuel that she knew her mother was worried about her, was worried about them? If she did tell him, then he would surely realise that she, Lizzie, had strong feelings for him. Though looking now at his earnest face, she allowed herself to hope that he felt the same. Taking a deep breath, she spoke.
‘She is worried, Samuel. She knows that we have been meeting here, I drop your name into conversation often enough.’ She flushed again, lowering her eyes at the smile that suffused his face at her words. ‘It scares her I think.’
‘But why? She knows me, she likes me, I hope. Why should she be scared of our meeting? Surely she doesn’t think I would do you any harm?’
‘No, of course she doesn’t. And of course she likes you, and trusts you. It is not you that frightens her. No, she worries what others may say. You know how people around here love to gossip. She does not want me to be subjected to that. I think,’ she hesitated, wondering whether to go on further. ‘I think she fears that I will suffer as she has. You know something of what people say about her, I am sure.’
Samuel nodded, brushing a dark curl away from his eye. 
‘I know there is gossip. Well, I hear enough of it at home.’ He laughed humourlessly. ‘You know what my own mother is like, always happy to spread a tale. And I’ll be honest with you, she has plenty to say on the subject of your mother.’
Lizzie blanched. She knew Bridget Pendle was a gossip, but she hadn’t realised her own mother had been amongst her targets. What had she said in front of Samuel?  He seemed to sense her thoughts, as he took her hand in his own, looking at her solemnly.
‘Don’t worry, Lizzie. You know I take no notice of what she says.’
‘But what is it that she does say?’
Lizzie could hear the curtness of her voice, and regretted it when Samuel’s face fell. He kept hold of her hand, however, and she was glad of that.
‘She is a spiteful woman, my mother. It may be a sin to say it, to think it even, but that is what she is. She speculates about your mother’s past. She wonders, to others especially, where your father is, wonders who he is.’
Lizzie considered this for a moment. Of course she knew that the villagers had always gossiped like this, indeed she herself wondered about her father. But she had learnt not to question Maggie. She could tell that it caused her mother pain. And, in truth, she had not missed him – she had never known him, so what was there to miss? And Maggie loved her enough to ensure that she didn’t want for affection. But now things were changing. Lizzie was falling for Samuel. And Samuel had a family, a family who cared about convention, about tradition, even if she and her mother did not. For the first time in her young life, Lizzie began to realise, as she looked at Samuel’s questioning face, that her mother’s past could affect her future with this man that she was growing to love.
 ‘I’m sorry, Lizzie. I really didn’t mean to upset you, or offend you. I wouldn’t do that for the world.’ He paused, his cheeks colouring now. Lizzie could see that he was trying to find the right words to say.
‘You know I’ve always liked you, at least I hope you know. Since we were little and the others used to tease you so much. I always hated it when that happened. You always seemed so gentle, so fragile almost, and you never retaliated, even when they were at their worst. Well, hardly ever.’
He reached a hand up to her face now, his fingers gently caressing the scar above her eye. She did not flinch, did not move away; instead, she held his gaze, their eyes fixed on one another.
‘I’ll never forget that day, Lizzie.’
She nodded, for she had never forgotten it either. Not when the evidence of it was so plain on her face. She had been nine or ten, but was small for her age. A tiny little wisp of a thing, Maggie would say, likely to blow away if the breeze were too strong. She had been walking not far from here, alone as usual, in the trees on this side of the river. She had been going to check on a nest she had spotted a few days previously, worried for the baby blackbirds huddled inside, as she knew that Daniel Hitching was after them – he loved to try his aim with a stone, was hoping to bring the whole nest down in as few shots as possible. As she had approached the copse she had heard shouting and laughing and had been filled with dread. And there was Daniel, surrounded by a group of friends. He was gazing up at the tree, a huge rock in his hand. Lizzie had ducked behind a holly bush, peering from its leaves as the scene unfolded.
Daniel, it seemed, had been deciding how far back he needed to be in order to throw the rock high enough to reach the nest. This had caused a heated argument with the other boys. Evidently tiring of listening to their opinion, Daniel had started marching backwards, face tilted up towards the nest, moving closer to where Lizzie was hiding. She had held her breath, terrified that she would be spotted, but terrified too for the birds – their poor mother’s distressed cries powerless to help them. Finally Daniel had stopped inches from Lizzie. She had been sure he would be able to hear her, and had held her breath in case she should alert him to her presence. He had regarded the rock in his hand for a moment and then swung his arm back. Before she realised what she was doing, Lizzie had sprung from behind the bush, grabbing hold of a shocked Daniel’s arm. He had swung round, anger and frustration suffusing his face.
‘What do you think you’re doing? I was just about to have them birds.’ Daniel’s face had been bright red, his words spat out angrily at Lizzie. She had backed away from him, feeling blindly behind her, the skin of her hands coming into painful contact with the spiky leaves of the holly bush. He had stood where he was, seething, shouting curses at her. She had not known what to say, had been only aware of the fear racing through her. Before she could utter a single word in protest, his arm had been raised again, the sharp rock that had been meant for the birds racing through the short space between them. It had hit Lizzie above her left eye, the pain and shock of it causing her to stumble backwards further into the holly bush, the prickly leaves cutting into her bare arms. Then Daniel had begun to advance towards her, an ugly grin lighting up his face. Lizzie had closed her eyes, held her breath, waiting for the blows that would no doubt now reign down on her head. She had nowhere to go, no way of avoiding him. But the fists never came; instead Lizzie had heard a shout of surprise, of anger. She had opened her eyes to see Daniel lying on the floor, Samuel Pendle astride his prone body. That Samuel was punching Daniel in the face was obvious from Daniel’s cries for help, but Lizzie knew that it would only be a matter of time before Daniel would throw the smaller boy off, and then he would be after blood. Taking her chance, she had fled, running through the copse as fast as she could, back home to Maggie.
‘I left you that day,’ she smiled sheepishly at Samuel now. ‘I’ve often felt bad for it. And for that lovely black eye you were sporting for the next week.’
Samuel grinned. 
‘Daniel could certainly throw a punch, that’s true. In fact, he still can. But it was worth it – to know that you’d got away safe.’
‘And the birds.’ 
‘Yes, Lizzie. And the birds. Always getting into scrapes because of creatures like those.’
‘Well, that’s how I’ve been brought up. I can’t bear to see helpless creatures picked on, bullied by those bigger and more powerful. Maggie’s taught me that.’
‘Well, she’s taught you well. You’ve certainly not suffered for the lack of a father, whatever others round here may say.’
Lizzie nodded. 
‘I know. It frustrates me sometimes. The people here, they judge, but they do not know. My mother, she is a better woman than any in this village – better than any I’ve ever known. But I know that people talk, I know that the way we live could make things hard for us, Samuel. Could make things hard for you. If you do care for me, that is.’
In answer, Samuel reached out his hand once more and stroked again the scar that Daniel Hitching’s rock had left all those years ago.
‘I don’t care about other people Lizzie, only about you. Just like I did when I took that beating from Daniel. They can say what they like, do what they like. I love you Lizzie. You know it.’
She smiled, her heart lifting at his words. She felt as though she had been waiting for him to utter them all her life – and she supposed that she had. He was looking at her now and she held his gaze, searching that familiar face. It looked different somehow, now that she knew he loved her. That floppy dark hair, curling at his temple and down over his collar. His blue eyes, so clear, yet warm when he looked at her. She could feel the light touch of his fingers on her forehead, gently stroking the skin. They moved upwards to touch her hair where it fell onto her face. The feel of his fingers in her hair was like nothing Lizzie had known before, and she could see from Samuel’s face that he felt the same way. Then his hand was behind her head, bringing her face towards his, and he was kissing her gently on the lips. She closed her eyes, all awareness of her surroundings gone, any thoughts vanished from her head, aware only that Samuel was kissing her, wishing for him to never stop. A thud on the soft grass next to her made her start. She pulled away from Samuel and opened her eyes. Samuel was quickly on his feet, looking around him wildly. Another thud, and Lizzie saw a rock on the ground close to her elbow. Samuel pulled at her arm.
‘Get up Lizzie, come on.’
A third rock flew past her face as she stood, Samuel pushing her to one side out of its path. Lizzie looked around, terrified. Who was here? The rock had come from behind them, from amongst the trees that edged the bank to their left. She thought she heard a rustle, thought she could detect a shadow amongst the foliage, but she could see no-one. Samuel’s face was red with anger and frustration. He was looking agitatedly around him, but then he shrugged his shoulders.
‘It’s probably just children. You know how they can be. Come on, we should probably head home.’
‘I need to get some nettles first. That was what I told Mother I would be doing – why I had to come to the river. She’ll be suspicious if I go home without them.’
Samuel frowned. Lizzie could see that he wanted to be away from here, that he was worried for her and his concern made her nervous, but she had to have the leaves, otherwise her mother would have to let poor John Redfern down, something that she hated to do. Samuel must have seen the determination on her face for his features relaxed into a smile.
‘Come on then, I’ll help you. I think whoever it was has gone now – probably tired of their game. But let’s go further along the river, just to be sure.’
Lizzie nodded and picked up her basket. She was glad Samuel was staying with her, not just because she wanted to be near to him, but because, although she would not have admitted it, she was scared. The rocks thrown at them had frightened her, not least because the incident had occurred when it did, just as the two of them had been talking about the same thing happening all those years ago. She looked around her again, and across once more to the trees, suppressing a shiver. Samuel placed a hand on her arm.
‘Don’t let it worry you, Lizzie. Like I said, I’m sure it’s just children playing games.’
Lizzie smiled up at him, trying to let his words reassure her. It must surely be coincidence, she thought, for who would be out here spying on them by the river? No, he was right, it was only children playing tricks.
‘Come on then,’ she slipped her hand into his. ‘Let’s get on with it. Mother will be cross if this basket isn’t at least half full.’

Leaves collected, Lizzie bade Samuel goodbye. They agreed to meet at the Blackwater the next day, despite what had happened; both of them, Lizzie suspected, wanting to reclaim the spot for their own. Now she walked briskly back towards home, her heart light, her mind full of thoughts of Samuel and of that kiss. She could feel his lips on hers, feel his hands in her hair. Daydreaming as she was, she did not hear the hissing until it grew louder. She looked around, thinking an insect, a bee perhaps, might be following, attracted by the contents of her basket. But no, there was nothing there. Only this insistent hissing sound. Her heart began to pound. The hissing grew louder and Lizzie realised with a jolt of fear that someone was close by. The path she followed was bordered on each side by an overgrown hedgerow, heavy with hypericum at this time of year. Stopping in her tracks, Lizzie placed the basket on the ground by her feet. The hissing stopped. Lizzie picked up the basket and took a few tentative steps; the hissing began again, accompanied by a rustling sound to her left: there was definitely someone there, she thought, someone hiding in the hedgerow. Panic began to rise. She wondered if she should stop and shout for help. There was no-one near and she was still some way from the village. There were labourers working in the distant fields, but they were too far away to hear her. Perhaps she should run. She began to walk faster, moving from a walk to a trot, then into a half run. The hissing continued, keeping up with her. Terrified, Lizzie dropped the basket of nettles and ran; her footfall loud in the quiet air, her breathing quick. A rush of air by her left ear caused her to stumble, the rock just missing her. She tumbled to the ground, grazing her hands painfully and twisting her ankle. She stayed where she was for a moment, stunned, afraid. Then a shadow fell over her and she lifted her head. A pair of dirty boots appeared in line with her nose. They were encrusted with mud, the stitching crude, the laces unruly, one length far shorter than the other, the rough leather lifting at the sole. Lizzie raised her head and squinted up to see Daniel Hitching extending his grubby hand to her. She hesitated, not sure whether to take the proffered hand, then deciding it was best to be friendly. She allowed Daniel to pull her to her feet.
‘You took a real tumble there, Lizzie. What’s wrong? What were you running from?’
Lizzie searched the young man’s face, confused at the kindness in his tone. He had only ever thrown insults before. Now he was smiling at her, he even looked concerned. Warily, she spoke.
‘I thought I heard something in the hedgerow.’
Daniel’s smile grew wider.
‘Did you? What was it do you think? An animal of some kind?’
‘No, I don’t think so. I don’t know.’
‘Well, what noise was it making?’
Lizzie hesitated, unsure how much she should say.
‘It was a sort of hissing sound.’
Daniel laughed then scratched his head.
‘Well, I don’t know what sort of animal would make that sound. Not around here anyway. So if it wasn’t an animal then what could it have been?’
His voice had taken on a teasing tone and Lizzie looked at him carefully. Was there malice in those eyes? Was he making fun of her? Or something more? She lowered her gaze and began to walk forward, thinking that she should say no more, that she should go home.
Before she had taken more than two steps, Daniel grabbed her arm, his fingers digging into her skin. He pulled her round to face him, no longer smiling. In fact, his eyes were cold, his mouth sneering.
‘Did it sound like this, Lizzie?’
And to her horror he began to hiss. His grip on her arm tightened as he hissed louder, spittle flying from his mouth into her face. She struggled to pull away, writhing in his grasp, twisting and turning to no avail. Then the hissing stopped, but Daniel did not release her; he gripped her other arm, holding her tightly.
‘I’ve been watching you, Lizzie Prentice. Watching you and Samuel by the river. And listening too. Talking about me were you? Well, I’ve not forgotten that day neither.’ He paused, releasing one arm and drew a dirty finger along the ridge of her scar. ‘Bloody Samuel Pendle spoilt my fun that day. And I spoilt his today.’
Lizzie’s mind was whirling. So Daniel had been spying on them! What had he seen? She had known what she risked by meeting Samuel alone. And if Daniel had seen them kiss – then who knew what would happen. Not only could he cause her real harm, and Samuel too, but he would also defile that precious moment, a moment she had thought she would hold dear for always.
Daniel was scowling. Again he gripped both arms, pinning them to Lizzie’s sides.
‘Oh yes. Lizzie, I saw you kissing.’ He paused, searching her face for a reaction. Lizzie tried to keep her features calm, tried not to show him how his words ripped through her, but she knew her humiliation must show in her eyes.
‘You’re just like your mother, aren’t you. A whore like her. A child out of wedlock – why she’s allowed to live here amongst decent folk I don’t know. She’s a disgrace. And you’re going the same way. The pair of you – nothing but whores.’ He paused, his eyes, his grip, softening. ‘So,’ he spoke in a whisper, ‘as I know what you are now, Lizzie, how about being nice to me, like you are with Samuel? If you’re nice enough then I might not tell what I saw.’
It took Lizzie a moment to understand exactly what Daniel was suggesting. By then he was leaning towards her, and his lips were on hers before she realised what was happening. A moan escaped her throat as his hands gripped her tighter, his mouth hard against hers. With horror she felt his tongue push against her lips, trying to force them open. An image of Samuel, his lips gentle and soft, filled her mind and she struggled harder against Daniel, managing to free one of her arms. This she brought up into his hair, greasy under her touch. Daniel moaned, then screamed as she grabbed a handful of hair and scalp and pulled as hard as she could. His hands flew up to his head and Lizzie ran, this time without stopping, down the lane back towards the village, Daniel’s oaths and curses fading into the distance that she quickly put between them.
 

Chapter 3

Lizzie slammed the cottage door behind her, causing Maggie to jump from her chair, throwing her mending to the floor.
‘What on earth is the matter child? You look half scared to death.’
Lizzie flew to her mother, flinging her arms about her, sobbing into the older woman’s shoulder, relief, fear and humiliation coursing through her body. Maggie let her weep for a while, than gently pushed her away, looking at the girl’s flushed face with concern.
‘Tell me, Lizzie, what is the matter? What has happened?’
And it all came tumbling out. Her meetings with Samuel, her feelings for him, and the assault she had suffered on her way home. By the time she had finished, dusk had fallen and the cottage had grown chilly. Maggie lit the fire and sat Lizzie beside it, then fetched her daughter a warm draught of chamomile to calm her. Lizzie drank the liquid gratefully, cupping her hands around the warmth of the liquid, her hands trembling. Maggie took the chair opposite, her face kind.
‘Well Lizzie, this is a bit of trouble we find ourselves in, isn’t it.’
Lizzie nodded.
‘I’m so sorry to be the cause of it. But I cannot help what I feel for Samuel. You know how kind he is. And I swear, nothing has happened.’
Maggie frowned.
‘Be that as it may, you know as well as I do that people are not prevented from gossip by facts. I have nothing against Samuel, you know that. He is a fine young man and nothing would please me more than for the two of you to be together. But you were silly, Lizzie, to say the least, to meet him alone like that. You have put yourself, put us, in danger by doing so. Sometimes I wonder what goes on in that head of yours.’ Maggie sighed. ‘But it is my fault, I suppose. I should have taught you better.’
‘No, Mother, you are not to blame. I should have been honest, should have told you about Samuel from the start.’
‘Then why didn’t you? I thought we were close – that you could tell me anything.’
Lizzie hesitated, looking down at her hands. She could feel Maggie’s eyes on her, waiting for her to speak.
‘I didn’t want to upset you.’
‘Upset me? What do you mean?’
‘Well, you say that we are close, and we are. But you also say that you thought we could talk about anything together. If that is true, then why do you never mention my father?’ Maggie did not answer and Lizzie saw that her mother’s head was bowed, that she did not want to meet her daughter’s eyes.
Lizzie broke the silence. ‘I thought that you must have loved him. Otherwise I would not be here.’ She paused. ‘I suppose I thought that something dreadful must have happened for you to have lost him. And you never talk about him, I mean, I don’t even know who he is, or who he was for that matter, because you’ve never even told me if he is alive or dead. And I thought that if you had loved him, and lost him, Samuel and I, being happy, well, it might bring it back, might make you remember. And then I thought that what if it was something worse than that.’
When she lifted her head, Maggie’s face was hard. Lizzie turned away, ashamed to continue, but knowing that she must.
‘I thought then that perhaps, rather than loving him, you hated him, and that’s why you never told me about him. And that if you did hate him, then that meant you wouldn’t want me to be with anyone, wouldn’t want me to be with Samuel.’
Lizzie stared at the fireplace, not daring to look at her mother. She was relieved when Maggie stood and came to her, crouching in front of her, taking her hands into her own weathered, work-worn ones.
‘Oh Lizzie, I’m sorry. I should have told you, I know. But when you were little I didn’t want to upset you. And then time passed, too much time it seemed, and I didn’t want to bring it up – didn’t know how.’
Lizzie grasped her mother’s hands tightly.
‘Then tell me now. I’m seventeen, a grown woman, and I need to know. I don’t want to spend the rest of my life wondering.’
Maggie nodded, returning to her chair. She gazed at her feet for a while then looked up, not looking at Lizzie but beyond her, her eyes on the wall behind her daughter’s head.
‘I was your age when I met your father. He was a lot like Samuel. Kind, clever and handsome.’ A small smile played on her lips. ‘I was living with your grandparents just outside a village called Brampton at the time, a long way from here.’ The smile vanished. ‘We hadn’t been there long, but we knew almost straight away that it was not a friendly place. We decided that we wouldn’t stay. Your father was the son of the local constable. We met because of his father, your grandfather I suppose,’ she paused, a look of contempt shadowing her face, then brushed at her forehead as if to chase an image away. ‘Anyway, this constable, well, he didn’t like us being in the village. Suspected us of all kinds of horrible things, simply because of our ways. You know how some people are like that, their minds so closed to anything they do not understand, to anyone who is different from them. But Adam,’ she smiled at the name, glanced at Lizzie almost shyly. ‘Yes, that’s the name of your father. Well, he was different. He was handsome, Lizzie. Beautiful eyes, he had. You have those eyes, you know. You look a lot like him.’ Lizzie caught her breath, trying to picture this man. Maggie smiled gently at her, then continued. ‘I fell in love. And I did something that I shouldn’t have done without a wedding band on my finger. And I fell pregnant, with you.’ She looked up again at Lizzie, who was touched to see that her mother’s cheeks were flushed. Lizzie smiled at her, wanting her mother to know that she understood. After all, when Samuel had kissed her that very day, her body had longed for him, just with that kiss. Her mother coughed, lowered her eyes, then began again.
‘Well, when his father found out he was so angry. Came banging and shouting on the door. Said that I had enchanted his son, that I had bewitched him! It sounds ridiculous, I know, but lots of the people there believed him. Or pretended to. He was the constable, he had power – they did not have the courage to go against him. And we were outsiders, after all. They owed us nothing. Adam was kept away from me. I kept thinking he would come, that we would run away together. But they were just silly dreams.’ Maggie’s voice hardened. ‘We were frightened, my parents and I, knew we would have to leave as soon as we could. It became so bad that we hardly ventured from the cottage. People would throw insults, and worse. But one day I had had enough of those four walls, I felt that they were closing in on me, that I would die if I didn’t get out, if I didn’t feel a breeze on my cheeks. So I sneaked away without telling my parents. And that was the day they came for us. I was not far from the house, had not dared to go far, when I saw them. Adam’s father on horseback with a horde of men. I didn’t know what to do, so I ran to find Adam. I searched the village, but no-one would tell me where he was. Then his friend took pity on me. I must have been in a terrible state, crying and begging. This man, he told me that Adam had been sent to Buckden on an errand by his father. To get him out of the way no doubt. I didn’t know what to do. I was frightened to go back home. I thought all I could do was fetch Adam, see if he could talk some sense into his father. So I ran all the way to Buckden. Three months pregnant and a bitterly cold day too. By the time I found him and we got back it was too late.’
Lizzie leaned forward, desperate to hear more. Her mother’s eyes were far away, tears spilling silently down her cheeks.
‘We saw the smoke from the road. The cottage was on fire. Flames billowing from the roof, out of the windows. I knew my mother and father were in there. I could hear them screaming – the noise carried on the wind towards us. Terrible it was. I’ve never forgotten it, the agony in those cries. I started screaming too, begging Adam to do something. I didn’t mean for him to go in there – didn’t realise what I was saying. But before I could stop him, he’d gone. He must have thought he could save them. He was swallowed up by the flames. And it was my fault, Lizzie. I begged him to help. And he burnt alive, with my mother and father. Everything I had, everything I loved, all eaten up, skin, bone, everything. Nothing was left for me.’ Again she paused. ‘Except you.’
Lizzie went to speak, to try and comfort her mother, but Maggie placed a finger on her lips, gently shaking her head.
‘I have to finish it, now that I’ve started. After Adam went in, his father stood there, in the little yard. He stood there staring. I’ll never forget the look on his face. I don’t know if he cried, but I hope that he did. I hope that he cried every night for the rest of his life. I was glad for his pain, you see, he deserved every searing second of it. And then his mother came running. Someone must have told her. She was screaming. Everyone else was quiet by then, shocked I suppose. She ran towards her husband, screaming and wailing. Then she fell to the floor. I don’t know if she ever got up again. I hope she did. I hope death didn’t release her for many more years.’
Lizzie was shocked at the hatred on her mother’s face. Maggie was tough, but she was kind too and she rarely spoke ill of anyone. Lizzie had never seen her face like this before. 
‘What happened then? To you?’ Lizzie’s voice was barely a whisper.
‘I slipped away Lizzie. Didn’t want them to see me. I was half mad with fear and grief. They were preoccupied with the fire, with trying to douse the flames now Adam was inside. And with fussing around his mother, trying to revive her. No-one was looking for me. For all they knew I was burning up with the rest of them.’ She swallowed. ‘So I left. I knew they were all dead. I walked for three days and nights, hardly eating or sleeping. I don’t remember much of it. I think I must have been in shock. When I think of then I can only remember putting one foot in front of the other. Eventually I collapsed. I was taken in by a cunning woman, not far from Colchester. She cared for me, helped me back to strength. She delivered you.’ Maggie smiled ‘She was a good woman, though no doubt she would have been condemned, had she been found sheltering me.’
‘Who was she? Is she still alive?’
 ‘Hannah was her name. And I don’t know. It has been so long. She was not much older than me though, so, as long as she has kept safe from trouble, then I hope she is.’
 ‘How have I never met her? Did you not think that I would like to know the woman who cared for you? Who cared for us?’
‘Lizzie, please try and understand how hard this was for me. After you were born, I knew I needed to find somewhere for us both, to make a home for us. I didn’t want to cause trouble for Hannah. When I was strong enough I left. And we travelled a lot in the years after that, moving from place to place, moving further and further away each time from Brampton. And then we came here, to this cottage. And the people here have been good to us, Lizzie. I know there are those that don’t like doing business with us, and I know that you have had a hard time of it growing up. But compared to the way our kind are treated in other places, we are lucky to have lived here safe this long.’
Lizzie looked into her mother’s eyes.
‘Why have you never told me of this?’ Her voice was shaking. Maggie sighed.
‘I just didn't know how to. When you were small, well, it was too horrible a tale. I didn’t want to frighten you, to upset you. And when you grew, as you learned from me and I could see that you were a natural in this work, then I didn’t want to say anything that would influence your choice in following the path. And the longer I kept quiet, the harder it was to tell you. And then, when you became the beautiful, gentle, intelligent woman that you are, the more you reminded me of your father, well, then I suppose I was frightened of you judging me.’
Lizzie stood then and went to her mother, wrapping her arms around her sinewy frame.
‘How could you think that I would judge you? You have only ever been good to me. I would never judge you. I love you.’
Maggie patted Lizzie on the shoulder.
‘Come now, look at the pair of us, crying like a pair of babies. Now then, first of all, where are the nettles I asked you to collect? I need them for poor John you know. He will be here soon.’
 ‘I dropped the basket, Mother, when Daniel grabbed me. It must be in the lane still. I’ll go out and fetch it. But are we just going to ignore what you have told me? Are we to just put it back into the past?’
‘Lizzie, please, this is too difficult.’
‘Then think how I feel. It is a shock, what you have said, even though I lay no blame at your door. For you have nothing to blame yourself for.’
‘But I told him to go in there. I begged him to do something to help. If I hadn’t, then he wouldn’t have died.’
‘It was not your fault. You did nothing wrong. It was they who set the fire. They murdered three innocent people. They murdered my family.’
As she said the words, Lizzie felt an enormous grief almost overwhelm her. These people that she knew nothing about – they had been dear to her mother. They were part of her, Lizzie, a part of who she was. And she had never had a chance to know them. 
‘I want to know more, Mother. I need to know more. After all, those dreadful people that stole my grandparents from me, stole my father, well, they are my family too.’
Maggie stood, her eyes narrowed, her mouth set.
‘Those people are not your family, Lizzie Prentice. They were murderers, like you say, murderers pure and simple. They took my parents from me, took Adam from me,’ she paused. ‘And yes, from you too.’ Her tone softened. ‘We truly loved each other, you know. We would have married, would have stayed together. You would have had brothers and sisters. They deprived you of all of those things.’
What would it have been like to have had siblings to play with, Lizzie wondered. She would have had a companion to walk with her by the river, someone to help her care for the creatures that she took in, someone to play with, to walk arm-in-arm with. Yes, a brother or sister would have made her lonely life more tolerable. And to have known her father – how wonderful that would have been. They could have been a proper family. They would have had some protection too, from the suspicion, the gossip, the jealousy and lies. Instead, poor Maggie had had to struggle to bring up a child alone, and she, Lizzie, had endured a friendless, lonely childhood. Suddenly she was overwhelmed by anger, by the unfairness of it all. Her mother had only wanted love and companionship, just like everyone else. But no, because of what she did, because of what she knew, she was denied that. Denied it in the most horrible way imaginable. And Lizzie would no doubt be denied that too. There would be no happy future for her and Samuel. She was a fool to think it. Lizzie could not bear the pity in Maggie’s eyes. She ran from the cottage, slamming the door behind her. Darkness had fallen outside and she stumbled on the uneven ground. Two strong arms reached forward to catch her, and her heart lurched as she looked up into Samuel’s smiling blue eyes.

Dangling her bare feet in the cool of the river, Lizzie began to feel a little better. Although the night was chilly, the water had looked inviting, and, nestled close to Samuel, Lizzie did not feel cold at all. Their feet shimmered together, white and soft under the dark surface of the water. The night was still, the moon bright in a cloudless sky. In the quiet of the darkness, Lizzie had told Samuel Maggie’s story, her voice tight with bitterness. Samuel had taken her hand in his, running his thumb across her skin; not interrupting, just letting her talk.
When she had finished her tale, they sat for a while in silence, wiggling their toes in the green water. Samuel picked absently at the soft mossy grass beneath his fingers, then turned to Lizzie.
‘I won’t let them do that to us, Lizzie. I won’t let them stop us from being together.’
Her heart was beating so fast she could hear a rushing in her ears. She opened her mouth to reply, unsure whether the words would emerge. When they did, they were uttered so softly that Samuel bent his head closer to hear, so close that she could feel his breath on her cheek.
‘You meant it then, what you said earlier? You meant it when you said that you loved me?’
Samuel laughed.
‘Of course I meant it. Why would I say it otherwise? I love you, Lizzie, and I want to be with you.’ He paused, his cheeks flushing. Then he squeezed Lizzie’s hand more tightly in his own.
‘I want to marry you and I don’t care what anyone thinks.’
She could hardly catch her breath. He loved her. He wanted to marry her. Her heart was pounding. She loved him too, knew that she did. But images of that burning cottage filled her mind. She could almost hear the screams. How terrible to die that way – to perish in flames with no hope of escape. She glanced again at Samuel’s earnest face. 
‘Samuel, I don’t think you truly understand. Have you not listened to what I’ve been telling you about my mother? What if the same thing should happen?’
Samuel frowned.
‘What do you mean? True, I’ll admit it, my family do not like Maggie. And I know that my mother is responsible for much of the gossip about her. But you cannot believe that she would hurt anyone, surely?’
Lizzie hesitated, not sure what to say. But she knew she must be honest – this was her future, and his.
‘You know, Maggie says that we are lucky to live here. We are tolerated, even liked by some. But your parents Samuel, well, your father employs many in the village – your farm may be small, but people rely on it for the roofs over their heads and the food on their table. If your mother and father took against us, then I know there are many who would not risk upsetting them.’
‘But they won’t take against us. Not when they see how I love you – not when they know you like I do.’
Lizzie looked down at their entwined hands.
‘We’re not the same, you and I. You have money, status in the village– that alone will be enough to set your parents against me. Your mother no doubt has her eyes on a much more suitable match for her only son. And that Maggie and I are cunning women, and your parents are ardent churchgoers who frown on our activities, to put it mildly, well, that will only make the prospect of me as a daughter even more repellent.’
 Lizzie pulled her hand away and, taking her feet out of the water, stood, turning away from Samuel. She couldn’t look at him. After Maggie’s tale, this leap into the future was too scary. Too dangerous. She wouldn’t put Samuel at risk. She spoke quietly.
‘Samuel, you might not care what people think, but in reality you know that your parents would be horrified. You might not want to believe it, but I’m sure that they would do anything to stop you from marrying me. Just like my father’s parents.’
She still did not look round. There was silence, and when Samuel did eventually speak, the anger in his voice broke the stillness of the calm night air.
‘What are you saying Lizzie? Do you honestly think that they would resort to killing? How can you say such a thing – how can you think it? They are my parents, my blood.’ His voice broke off. Lizzie couldn’t bear to hear his distress, it wrenched her heart. But she couldn’t turn around. She heard the splash of the water behind her as he got to his feet, but she did not turn to look at him. His hand on her shoulder, though his touch was gentle, was like a knife. Closing her eyes against the tears that threatened she shrugged his hand away. Without turning she spoke, forcing coldness into her voice.
‘I’m sorry Samuel, but I can’t marry you.’
She began to walk then, keeping her pace steady, breathing deeply, not looking back into the gloom that had swallowed Samuel up. She had to get as far away as possible before she could think about what she had done. And only when she had walked out of the shelter of the trees and was on the path did she allow the sobs to wrack her, shaking her shoulders as she walked the lonely road home. 
 

Chapter 4

Maggie had asked no questions when Lizzie had returned home, had simply gone about the evening chores as usual. But she had held Lizzie tight on the pallet that night, holding her close as the two fell into a troubled sleep. The next morning, Lizzie crept away, not wishing to wake her mother. She would go out into the yard and feed the chickens, she decided. Their contented clucking at her arrival always made her feel better. 
Outside, the chickens fussed around her feet, their feathers soft against her skirts, pecking happily at the grain that she threw for them. The sunlight was bright in the little yard, the sky above smattered with only a scant few clouds. Lizzie paused for a moment, contemplating the chickens. How she envied them today; all they had to worry about was eating, bathing in the dust and laying eggs. They didn’t worry about what people thought, didn’t live their lives according to some rules made by others about who could do what, when and with whom. She smiled to herself– those were dangerous thoughts, she knew. That could get her into all sorts of trouble.
‘What you smiling at, Lizzie?’
Lizzie jumped, startled by the low voice, and turned. Daniel Hitching, hands clasped behind his scrawny neck, was leaning against the wall of the yard, his cold eyes regarding her. Finally, she found her voice.
‘What are you doing here? How did you get in our yard?’
‘You didn’t bolt your gate last night. You must have been preoccupied.’
This last was said with a hint of sarcasm, and Lizzie searched Daniel’s face. Had he been watching her again? Following her? Daniel was sauntering forward. 
‘Those are healthy looking chickens you’ve got there. Must be feeding them plenty.’
Lizzie didn’t answer. He drew nearer to her, and instinctively she backed away from him, until she was pressed against the cottage wall and he was stood between her and the birds.
‘I hear you sometimes, talking to them. The chickens that is. That’s a bit weird, Lizzie. Bit odd. You should be careful you know. Some people, and I’m not saying me, just some people, well, they might take that the wrong way.’
Lizzie frowned. What did he mean? Yes, she did talk to the chickens when she came out here to tend to them. In fact, she often told the chickens things she would not have dreamed of telling anyone else. The thought that Daniel had been watching her, listening to her, filled her with disgust. Had he heard her talking about Samuel? Had he stood on the other side of the gate, laughing at her? He was laughing now.
‘Like I say – you want to be careful, pouring your heart out to these birds. Some might think they were more than birds. Especially if they heard what you’d been telling them.’
Lizzie froze, sick realisation making her want to heave. Daniel was looking down at the chickens now. They were circling, pecking at the ground around his feet. One got too close, and he kicked at it, sending it fluttering away, squawking in protest. Lizzie leapt forward.
‘Be careful. Don’t hurt them.’
Daniel looked up at her, a small smile on his face.
‘You really love these chickens don’t you Lizzie? Almost as much as you love that Samuel Pendle. I’ve heard you tell them.’
Lizzie froze, felt her skin burning. The morning air was still, there was silence between them. Daniel did not take his eyes from her face. Snapping her eyes from his, she turned away, to find sanctuary in the cottage.
‘No, don’t go. You might want to hear what I’ve got to say. It might be in your interests, if you see what I mean.’
Pausing, he lent down and carefully picked up a chicken, cradling the bird gently in his arms.
‘I’ve been hearing some things, Lizzie. You should know that I’m not the only one that’s been interested in your friendship with Samuel. His mother’s heard about it. And she’s not happy.’ He ran a hand over the chicken’s feathers. ‘You want to be careful, you know. Gossip spreads quickly around here. You might want to reconsider being so unfriendly to me, like you were yesterday. ‘Cos at the moment it’s just gossip, Lizzie. But what I know, what I’ve heard and what I’ve seen,’ he looked at her, one hand still stroking the chicken. It nuzzled into him, enjoying the attention. ‘Well, that’s more than gossip isn’t it?’
Lizzie’s mouth was dry, her tongue stuck to its roof. She tried to swallow, fear pounding in her chest. But she thought suddenly of Maggie, bullied and cowed all those years ago, her life ruined by others who had not known her, not understood. She drew herself up, her face hard, her voice cold.
‘You can do and say as you like, Daniel Hitching. You don’t scare me.’
To her surprise, Daniel smiled. He held her glance for a moment, then looked down. 
‘That’s a real shame, Lizzie,’ his voice was soft, almost caressing. ‘Because now things might have to get nasty.’
Before she could stop him, before she had even taken in what he had said, the chicken was hanging from his fist by its neck. One quick twist with the other hand and it was lifeless, with not even a squawk of protestation. Daniel looked up.
‘Lovely fat chicken this. Don’t know what you’ve been feeding it. Make me a good few dinners though.’ He tucked the limp bird under one arm.
‘Thanks.’ And he was gone, leaving Lizzie distraught, too shocked to cry, pressed against the cottage wall.

She was still there ten minutes later when Maggie came searching for her. 
‘Lizzie, what on earth are you doing dithering out here?’ 
Lizzie looked at her mother, then forced a smile to her face. It had been hard on Maggie telling her story yesterday. Lizzie did not want to burden her with more. She would not mention what had just happened. And if she noticed that one of the chickens was missing, then Lizzie would say that a fox or a dog must have got it. It sometimes happened after all, though not that often with her chickens, she was always careful with them. 
‘Sorry, Mother. I’m fine, just daydreaming. You know how I am.’
Maggie looked at her, chewing her bottom lip.
‘Well, stop your dreaming now. We have a visitor.’
‘A visitor, at this hour?’ 
Maggie pursed her lips.
‘Yes, Lizzie,’ she snapped, taking Lizzie aback. ‘At this hour. Now come in will you.’ And she turned back into the cottage. Lizzie hurried after her, unease welling. The unease turned to joy when she entered the dark cottage and saw Samuel sitting by the fireplace. Then, with a jolt, she recalled the harsh words she had left him with when they had parted the previous night. Samuel stood as she walked towards him, his face so unsure that it almost broke her heart.
‘Lizzie, I’m so sorry to intrude so early, but I had to come. Couldn’t wait any longer.’
Maggie frowned.
‘So you said. So what is it then? What is so important?’
Samuel hesitated. He glanced again at Lizzie and she could not help but smile at him.
‘I’ve told them. About us.’
Lizzie drew in a sharp breath. Maggie was standing still, her face hard. 
‘What exactly about you and my Lizzie?’
‘I told them that I love her, Maggie, and that she loves me, and that I want to marry her. That I’m going to marry her.’
He moved towards Lizzie, taking her hands in his.
‘I know what you said yesterday, Lizzie, but I love you, I do. And I know you feel the same. And I don’t care what they say, I am going to marry you.’
Lizzie hesitated, her head whirling. Then she threw herself into his arms. 
 ‘Stop that nonsense, now.’ Maggie snapped. Lizzie jumped, saw her mother’s face and pulled herself from Samuel’s embrace.
Maggie was scowling.
‘What on earth have you done, Samuel? You say you love Lizzie, then you put her in danger. Why have you done it? You’re a fool. And you can take that look off your face, Lizzie Prentice. You have no idea of the trouble you are in, of the trouble the pair of you are bringing down on our heads. Samuel, what did they say, your parents, what did they say to this, this romantic stupidity?’
‘It is not stupidity, Maggie. I know what I am doing.’
‘Do you now?’ The words were spat, and Samuel flinched. ‘Do you really have any idea at all? Do you want to see us ridiculed, ostracised, cast out? And that’s if we’re lucky. More than ten years we have lived here. We have been safe. We have had a home. And now, now we will have to leave. Because of you. This is not the life I wanted for Lizzie. Not a life like mine.’
‘But, Maggie, that is not what I want either. I want to keep Lizzie safe. I want to protect her, to give her all those things that you don’t have. Don’t you see? She will be safe with me, with a husband. And so will you. If we marry, we can settle down. We can be a normal family.’
‘Normal?’ Maggie shook her head. ‘Do you really believe that? Tell me then Samuel, tell me exactly what your mother and father said to this happy news.’
Lizzie had been watching the two of them, listening intently. She had been shocked by the force of her mother’s anger. Now she waited to hear what Samuel would say – surely his parents had been fine, if he was here to see her?
Samuel looked down at the floor and Lizzie began to feel a sense of foreboding. She spoke gently, resting a hand on his shoulder.
‘Samuel, please, tell us what they said.’
He looked up hesitantly.
‘At first they thought that I couldn’t be serious. They had heard rumours. There are already rumours about us, Lizzie, but who could know anything?’
Lizzie paled, thinking back to her conversation with Daniel, but she remained silent.
‘Then Mother got upset, crying and tearing at her hair. I’ve never seen her behave in such a way before. I tried to reason with them, but they wouldn’t listen. Father told me to leave the house for a while, to go and think things through. That’s when I came here. Because I don’t need to think it through. I know how I feel. I want to be with you. And they’ll come round. I know they will. When they see I am in earnest, when they see how much I love you, well, they’re my parents, they’ll want me to be happy, won’t they?’
Maggie sighed and walked slowly towards the window. She stood looking out for a moment, so quiet that Lizzie was afraid. 
‘You see, Lizzie, I was right.’ Maggie sounded exhausted. ‘Of course that is how they would react. Why would you think they would be any other way?’ She turned to Samuel. ‘I’ve been here before, Samuel. I’ve lived through this.’ 
Samuel nodded.
‘I know. But it won’t be like that this time. I promise.’
‘How can you promise? You’re just a boy – you know nothing of the world.’
Samuel bristled.
‘I know that I love Lizzie. I know that I have always protected her, since you first came here. And I will carry on doing so.’
Maggie stared at Samuel, scorn marring her face.
 ‘You have no idea what you are talking about. Yes, you have protected her. From children and their taunts. From rocks and sticks and name-calling. But how will you protect her from lies? From superstition? How will you protect her when your father comes calling, with threats and accusations? When a mob comes to our door? You have no idea, Samuel. No idea what your parents will do.’
Samuel walked over to Maggie, took her hands in his.
‘They will not do anything to hurt me, Maggie. I am sure of it. They just need time, time to accept it. They have no other child, no other son to take over the farm. And Father can’t do without me. No, they’ll come round. You’ll see.’
Maggie looked up at him wearily, then gave a tight-lipped smile. It was not much of a smile, but Lizzie was glad to see it. 
‘I hope you are right, Samuel Pendle. I really do.’ She turned to Lizzie. ‘I hope it for your sake Lizzie. But I am older than you, wiser than you. We must be prepared, just in case.’
Lizzie frowned.
‘Prepared for what?'
Maggie was looking at her, and Lizzie was hurt to see frustration replace the tight smile.
‘We must be ready to leave. Did you not listen to anything I told you? We must be ready to go if they come for us.’
Lizzie shook her head.
‘Surely you don’t believe that will happen? I know that what you went through was terrible. But it doesn’t mean that the same thing will happen to us. Not everyone is like that, not everyone is the same as Adam’s parents.’
Silence hung in the air. Lizzie stared at Maggie, could see she was struggling to remain calm. There was not the slightest hint of a smile now, just anger blazing from her mother’s dark eyes.
‘You silly girl. You silly, silly girl. And you,’ she turned to Samuel. ‘You are just a child. An irresponsible child. You think any of this compares to when you were children? Get out of my house. Go on, get out! You have caused us enough trouble.’
‘Mother, don’t speak so.’ Lizzie was on the verge of tears. She hated to see her mother so angry, and she hated to see the hurt in Samuel’s eyes. ‘Don’t make Samuel leave. I love him.’ She stepped forward, looked straight in her mother’s eyes. ‘If he goes, I will go with him.’
Maggie sank to the floor. She rested her face on her knees, wrapping her arms over them as if to protect herself. Then, to Lizzie’s horror, she began to sob. Lizzie stood for a moment, wondering desperately what to do, her stomach in knots. Maggie was always so strong; she had never seen her like this, never. 
‘Don’t cry, Mother, please don’t cry like this. It will all be fine, you’ll see.’
Maggie looked up, her eyes red, her lips trembling. 
‘It will not be fine, Lizzie. It cannot be fine now. It is partly my fault, I know. I have protected you too much. I should have been tougher. But you have always been so delicate, so loving and trusting.’ She smiled briefly, a sad, small smile. ‘The way that you care for things, even the chickens, talking to them as if they were human.’ Lizzie swallowed as she saw again Daniel’s cruel hands wringing the chicken’s neck that morning. It was true, what her mother said. She was soft. She did care too much about things. It almost broke her heart each time a chicken stopped laying, for she knew that then Maggie would have to slaughter it. And if she saw any injured creature she would have to bring it home. But she hadn’t thought that a weakness - had never been made to see it as one. Until now.
Maggie was sniffing.
‘Oh Lizzie, I have allowed you to be weak. In protecting you I have only put you in danger. You cannot trust people, Lizzie, you cannot trust anyone.’
‘You can trust me.’ Samuel’s words were soft, but there was determination in them.
Maggie snorted.
‘But what good will that do us, Samuel? Even if we can trust you, what could you possibly do to help us?’
Slowly Samuel shook his head and Lizzie’s heart sank. Before she could say anything, to persuade Maggie, to console Samuel, there was a loud knocking on the door. Lizzie glanced at Maggie; her mother’s face was white.
‘It is starting already. I told you it would be so.’
 ‘Hush now. We do not know who it is or what they want. It is probably only John Redfern or someone else from the village come to buy a remedy. You collect yourself, calm yourself down and I’ll see who it is.’
Maggie looked up at her, tension making her face drawn. She paused for a moment, then nodded briskly, seeming to pull herself together.
‘You’re right, Lizzie. Go on, answer the door.’
Before Lizzie could move, however, there was another sharp rap.
‘Open up, open up this instant.’
Samuel groaned. ‘That’s Father’s voice. Wait here, Lizzie. I had better let him in.’
She watched, anxiety rising, as Samuel squared his shoulders. With his back straight, he marched towards the door. Lizzie wondered if he was quaking on the inside, despite this show of bravery. For as long as she had known Samuel, he had been in awe of his father. James Pendle was an imposing man. Opinionated, arrogant some might say, confident in his position in the world, Lizzie often wondered how his son was so different. But despite these differences, Lizzie knew that Samuel loved his father. They were close, spending their days together working on the small farm. If she were to come between them, she wondered now, seeing the determined look on Samuel’s face, then would Samuel resent her eventually? She did not know, could not think of that now. And besides, perhaps if she spoke to the man, if he got to know her and her mother he might change his mind about them. For, in all the years they had lived here in Eversley, they had had little to do with him; in fact, James Pendle was one of the few people who had never asked for their help. 
Samuel swung the door wide and spoke with a confidence that Lizzie knew he wasn’t feeling.
‘Father. I am glad you have come. Oh, and Mother too.’
Lizzie’s stomach clenched in alarm. His mother was here? She had not been expecting that. Now they strode into the cottage, James Pendle, tall and broad, his figure almost filling the cramped room, followed by his tiny wife, Bridget. She looked around her disdainfully and Lizzie bridled at the sight of her upturned nose and downturned mouth. Maggie was matching her look for look. Lizzie saw the anger in both pairs of eyes and hoped that her mother would keep quiet.
‘We knew we’d find you here, Samuel.’ James’ voice was gruff. ‘Now then, stop all this nonsense and come home with us before it’s too late.’
‘Too late?’ Bridget’s voice was high, strained. ‘It’s already too late. There is gossip spreading through the village, you can be sure of it. How I’ll hold my head up in church again I don’t know. How could you do this, Samuel?’
Samuel looked at his mother. Then he reached out and drew Lizzie to his side. She trembled there, terrified of what would happen.
‘I told you this morning, Mother. I love Lizzie, I always have, and I don’t care what anyone in Eversley thinks or says.’
James, lips pursed, held up a warning finger.
‘Now then, Samuel, watch your tongue, talking to your mother like that. It will get you nowhere. She is wrong anyway. It is not too late. We have a good name here, why, we employ half the village. They won’t talk, not if you come home now, I’ll see to it.’
‘I will come home, but only if you’ll accept Lizzie. I'm going to marry her.’
At this Bridget set up such a wailing that Lizzie covered her ears. James sighed.
‘Look how upset you’re making your mother with this nonsense. Come on now boy, stop it.’
Maggie had remind silent, but now she stepped forward.
‘Master Pendle, you are welcome in my home. I hope that we can reach an agreement about this.. this unfortunate situation. Believe me, it worries me as much as it worries you.’
Bridget stopped wailing and turned on Maggie.
‘How dare you? How dare you presume to worry about my son. You and your little harlot of a daughter. I expect you planned all this between you, didn’t you? Living here in this hovel, with nothing. Scraping a living with your wicked potions and powders.’ She paused, her face a vision of disgust. When she spoke again her voice was quieter, but it was dripping with hatred.
‘Is that what you did?’ She stepped closer to Maggie, staring up into the taller woman’s face. ‘Did you slip him one of your charms? You bewitched him, didn’t you? To trap him for your daughter?’
Maggie said nothing, merely stared at Bridget with disdain. The woman stood on her toes, her nose level with Maggie’s.
‘Or did she use her other charms? The more obvious ones? Though she has scant few of those.’
Lizzie gasped, then jumped as a loud crack filled the air. Bridget screamed and slumped to the floor, holding her face. James was across the room in a second, grabbing Maggie by the shoulders and pushing her back against the wall.
‘Strike my wife? How dare you? How dare you place your filthy, dirty hands on her.’ He let go, and Maggie sprang from the wall, her face hard.
‘How dare your wife say such things about my daughter?’
‘How dare she? Because, Maggie Prentice, your daughter is a whore.’
It was Samuel who moved now, and Lizzie thought that he was going to aid his mother, who lay weeping on the floor, her cheek bright red, already swelling. But instead he went to his father, and squared up to the man.
‘Do not call Lizzie a whore, Father. I swear I will never forgive you if you do not take that word back.’
Lizzie looked at James as he struggled to control his emotions. There was anger still on his face, but also sadness. He reached out a hand and gently placed it on his son’s arm.
‘What has happened to you Samuel? You have never raised your voice to me. Not once in your life. And you stand there and let this wretch strike your own mother, and you do nothing about it? Perhaps your mother is right after all. Oh God, Samuel, tell me? Have you been bewitched?’
Samuel shook off his father’s arm roughly, shaking his head and backing away. Then he turned to Lizzie and once again placed his arm about her, drawing her close, his head high.
‘You think what you want to think. Say what you want. But I love Lizzie. You accept her or you lose me. It is up to you.’
There was silence in the cottage for a few seconds, then James spoke.
‘You’ll regret this Samuel, mark my words.’ 
He turned to his wife, helped her from the floor.
‘I won’t forget today. Won’t forget that you stood by while my wife was insulted, while she was beaten by this piece of rubbish. And you,’ he turned to Maggie, who held his gaze, her eyes icy. ‘Be warned. Raising your hands to my wife was the biggest mistake of your life. You’ll not know a moment’s peace from now on. You and that little whore have destroyed my family.’
Lizzie stared at the man in horror, then turned to his son. Her heart twisted at Samuel’s expression as he watched his father help his mother to the door. They stood at the threshold looking back at the three silent inhabitants. Bridget opened her mouth to speak, then shook her head, her shoulders drooping. They turned then and left, the door slamming hollowly behind them.
 

Chapter 5

Creeping over the straw covered floor, Lizzie gently shook Samuel’s shoulder. He always looked so young when he woke in the mornings, wincing as he stretched out his muscles, cramped from another night on the floor in front of the fire. For this was where he slept each night, without question, despite what wagging tongues in the village might presume. 
Now he opened his eyes and smiled at her, reaching up to pull her face down towards him, kissing her gently. A cough made them jump apart, Lizzie reddening, feeling suddenly ashamed.
‘Lizzie, hurry up and get that pottage on. We have lots to do today.’
Maggie’s voice was sharp and it hurt Lizzie to hear it. It was a sore point between them that Samuel was staying at the cottage. But he had nowhere else to go. So Maggie bristled about it, and for the first few days she had kept insisting that they leave Eversley. But Samuel was determined to stay for a while, to give his parents time to come round. And Lizzie was inclined to agree with him, though it pained her to sense a rift opening between her and her mother. Samuel’s large presence in the already cramped cottage was a constant reminder of their differences. 
Samuel raised his eyebrows at her now as he stood.
‘I’ll go feed the chickens then.’
Lizzie nodded, noting the defeated look in Samuel’s eyes as he left the cottage, closing the door quietly behind him.
‘Must you always be so sharp with us?’
Maggie turned.
‘What do you expect? I warned you both, but you have just carried on doing what you wanted to do, not thinking about the consequences.’
Lizzie sighed. She was tired of these endless conversations. 
‘It’s just a bit of gossip, Mother. Besides, it will stop when Samuel and I are married.’
Maggie smiled thinly.
‘You think that will make things better? You think Bridget Pendle will stand for that?’
Lizzie quailed at the thought of Samuel’s mother. For the woman hadn’t let it rest, hadn’t accepted her son’s choice. Indeed she had made their lives miserable these past weeks. At first Samuel had tried reasoning with her; he had visited the family home every day for the first week since he had been told to leave, only to have the door slammed in his face on every occasion. He had passed his mother in the street on several occasions; usually she was accompanied by Sarah Hitching. He had come home wounded by her refusal to look at him. Once he had approached her, only to have her spit in his face. But he had carried on visiting the house. Then, just two days ago, his arrival had been greeted with a pile of his clothes on the front step. Each item had been shredded, as if someone had taken a knife to them. He had picked up the bundle and carried it back to the cottage. Lizzie could see the misery in his eyes, could see it hanging in a great weight on his shoulders. And she had been worried then, worried that she would not be enough for him, would not be enough to make up for the loss of his family. She had sat with him that night in front of the fire, sorting through the tattered garments, deciding which could be saved and which would have to be sewn into sheets, cloths or rags. She had looked at him, so desolate, his shoulders slumped, his eyes far away, though when he had felt her gaze on him, he had sat straighter, forced a smile to his face. 
‘You don’t have to pretend with me, Samuel. I know it hurts you.’
He had shrugged.
‘Of course it does. But I am happy, trust me. I have the best thing in the world after all. And it is they who are missing out, they who will end up miserable.’
Lizzie had smiled at him but her heart was heavy. How could she be sure that he wouldn’t change his mind one day? That he wouldn’t go back to his family? But she could not see into the future, despite what some superstitious souls in the village might suppose. She could only trust him.
Now, seeing Maggie’s stern face, Lizzie felt something inside her snap. She was tired of everyone being angry with them, standing in their way. They only wanted to be together. Why was that so difficult? She pursed her lips and turned her back on her mother, following Samuel out into the yard. Perhaps some air would help her feel calmer.
Samuel was standing with his back to the cottage and Lizzie knew he was gazing over the meadow to the boundary of the farm. It must be a constant reminder she thought, every time he came out here. She went to him now, slipped an arm through his.
‘It will be alright, Samuel, you’ll see. They’ll all have to accept it in the end.’
Samuel turned to look at her, then frowned as Maggie rushed out into the yard, her face red, flustered, still carrying the paddle she had been using to turn the washing.
‘Your mother, Samuel, she’s bellowing at the door. I’m surprised you can’t hear her shouts from here.’
Samuel blanched, then hurried inside, leaving Maggie and Lizzie staring at each other.
‘I told you no good would come of this, Lizzie. They won’t give up without a fight you know.’
Lizzie frowned, biting her tongue, and pushed past her mother into the house; whatever Samuel was facing, she would face it with him.
He was standing at the door of the cottage, holding his mother in his arms. The woman was weeping and wailing, beating at him with her fists while he simply stood there. He turned when he heard Lizzie approach, his eyes searching her face helplessly.
‘She just won’t stop crying, Lizzie. I don’t know what to do.’
Lizzie stepped forward, reaching out to comfort Bridget. The woman quietened then, looking at Lizzie with hate-filled eyes.
‘Don’t you dare touch me, you whore.’ Lizzie flinched from the words. Then, before she could move, Bridget was upon her, pushing Lizzie to the ground. Lizzie fell hard, the stone floor taking the breath from her lungs, her head narrowly missing the sharp corner of the hearthstone. Bridget threw herself on top of the stunned girl, and though she was tiny, Lizzie was unable to push her off. The woman was like a dervish, clawing at Lizzie’s face with sharp fingers, pulling at Lizzie’s hair, all the while screeching insults into her face.
‘You filthy little whore! Bedding my son like a harlot! Wicked little bitch! I’ll kill you, you bitch!’
Lizzie struggled to free herself of the woman, trying not to strike back. Then Samuel reached down, sweeping his mother into his arms. Bridget clung to him, her screams subsiding into sobs, her voice muffled by his body.
‘I love you so much, Samuel. Just come home, please come home. You’re killing us; you’re killing your father through this.’
Samuel walked to the open door, his mother cradled like a child and placed her gently down onto the step.
'I’ll only come home if you accept Lizzie. I told you that before.’
Bridget’s face crumpled once more. She looked searchingly up at Samuel, her eyes red and puffy, her cap in disarray, hair dishevelled and sticking to her tear-soaked face. When she got no response from Samuel, she turned once again to Lizzie.
‘You wicked little whore. You’ll regret this. I swear I’ll see you and that mother of yours dead before I’ll let you ruin my son.’
The door slammed then, and Samuel stood silent for a moment, biting his lip, his eyes far away. Then he looked at Lizzie and rushed to her, holding her, kissing her scratched, bruised face. 
‘I’m done with them, Lizzie. I mean it. We’ll be married as soon as we can. They’re dead to me now, you’re my family.’ 
Lizzie looked into his face and saw that he meant it. She leaned up to kiss him back, only to be interrupted by Maggie, slamming in from the yard. She stood regarding the pair of them, until Lizzie flushed and struggled to her feet. Maggie sniffed and turned away, clattering pots at the fireside, a hard look on her face.

That night they decided that they would wait no longer. They would have to go ahead and marry without Samuel’s parents’ blessing. 
‘I’ll go to St Mary’s tomorrow, arrange for the banns to be heard.’ 
He lowered his head and whispered, ‘Don’t mention it to Maggie. We’ll deal with that once it’s settled.’
Lizzie nodded, though she felt a pang at the deceit. But Maggie was being so hostile, was so against them, that Lizzie couldn’t see another way.
That night she found it hard to sleep, the excitement of her forthcoming marriage playing on her mind. She and Samuel would be husband and wife; bound together. No-one would be able to part them then; no-one would be able to stand in their way. Even his mother. The thought of being his wife filled her with excitement and apprehension. She knew what happened in a marriage bed. She had helped Maggie with enough remedies for unwilling wives and disinterested husbands. She had also witnessed miscarriages and births of both live babies and poor lifeless souls who never stood a chance, so she had a clear idea of the intimacies of her own body. And Maggie was not one to be coy about the ways of men and women. She had explained things to Lizzie when her courses had begun. But thinking of Samuel in that way made Lizzie feel something she had never felt before. Her belly flipped as she considered their wedding night, her cheeks flushed with heat, and it wasn’t until the sun was beginning to send weak rays through the cottage windows, that Lizzie managed to fall into a fretful, uneasy sleep.
Lizzie waited all morning in anticipation, unable to concentrate on her chores, yawning and day-dreaming until Maggie lost her temper.
‘What is up with you, girl? You’re no help to me at all today. What is going on?’
Lizzie mumbled a reply, and then hurried to the door at the sound of Samuel’s approaching footsteps. He was smiling broadly as he stepped into the cottage.
‘Two days, Lizzie, that’s all. Just two more days.’
Maggie slammed down the pot she was scrubbing.
‘What are you talking about? What’s happening in two days?’
There was a frightening edge of panic in her voice, but Lizzie forgot that when she looked at Samuel’s beaming face.
‘Until we get married! In two days’ time you’ll be my wife, Lizzie! Can you believe it?’
Lizzie squealed and dashed into his arms, laughing. Maggie’s voice cut through the laughter.
 ‘If you go ahead without his family’s blessing then you just give them more to damn you with.’
Samuel let go of Lizzie and she turned to Maggie.
‘If we wait for that we’ll be waiting forever. The sooner we do this then the less chance there is for them to even hear about it. Because if they did then I dread to think what they will do - what if they disrupted the ceremony?’
Samuel nodded. ‘Lizzie’s right, Maggie. This way we can just go alone, no-one can stop us, hopefully no-one will know until it’s too late.’
Lizzie smiled. ‘And then people can say what they like. We will be married, so even if they don’t agree, there is nothing they can do about it.’
Maggie shook her head at this and sighed. 
‘You have so much to learn, so much to learn. But you have made your choice. I can see there is nothing I can do about it.’ And she turned away, leaving Lizzie standing open-mouthed, her heart heavy, wanting only her mother’s good wishes.

Despite several attempts by Lizzie, Maggie refused to discuss the matter further. Instead, the two had continued with their chores; Samuel having gone to Finchampstead to find out about a job he had heard was available. Her mother seemed determined to remain quiet on the matter, so Lizzie and Samuel spent the evening walking by the Blackwater. When they arrived home, Maggie had already gone to bed. Lizzie had kissed Samuel goodnight, then had gone to the pallet. She was shocked to see, hanging behind it, her best petticoats. They were white and stiff, almost glowing in the moonlight. Maggie must have cleaned them while Lizzie and Samuel were out walking. Looking at her mother’s sleeping face, Lizzie felt a rush of love. She climbed in next to her and lay looking at the petticoats that she would wear on her wedding day. She could hardly believe she was going to be Samuel’s wife. Last night as they had sat by the fire discussing their marriage, Lizzie had been mending a ripped shirt of his that was made of fine linen; he would wear it for the ceremony. She had not been able to stop herself from thinking of him removing that same shirt on their wedding night. She had blushed then as he sat beside her, whittling at a piece of wood, his knee just inches from hers. He loved to carve. Lizzie had often seen him turn a piece of wood into the most beautiful of objects. He was planning to carve some furniture for the cottage. She had watched as he worked at the wood, his slim hands gripping his knife firmly. His hands were strong and calloused from his days on the farm, but they were well-shaped and slender too. For a second an image had flashed into her mind of those hands running over her body. Samuel had turned to her then and she had wondered if he had read her thoughts; there was a knowing smile playing on those lips, after all. She turned on her side on the narrow pallet. Two nights, that was all. Then she would not have to dream anymore.

The day of their marriage dawned bright and sunny and Lizzie felt that the heavens at least were pleased for them. Samuel had dressed and left the cottage hours before, not wanting to be in the way. She and Maggie had stood in silence as Maggie had brushed Lizzie’s long blonde curls, leaving them hanging freely down Lizzie’s back. The day before she had collected some myrtle and Maggie had weaved it into a crown. Lizzie would have precious little of the finery of a bride, but she had allowed herself this one small thing. Maggie placed it on Lizzie’s head, the lush green of the leaves succulent against the golden shine of Lizzie’s hair. 
‘You look beautiful, just beautiful.’
Lizzie smiled. She was so glad to hear this from her mother. She wanted so much for her to be there today.
‘You’ll come to the church won’t you?’
Maggie sighed, and then wrapped Lizzie in her arms. Lizzie held her tight, breathing in the familiar scent of her, of the herbs they worked with daily, the familiar smells she had grown up with, warm and comforting, the scent of home. Finally Maggie released her.
‘Of course I’ll be there. Who else will be a witness for a start? And secondly, how could I not, Lizzie? I can’t let you do this alone.’
Lizzie soon regretted her earlier optimism about the weather - as the hour of their appointment drew nearer the sky grew overcast and a chill wind picked up, then heavy drops of rain began to fall, splashing on the dirt streets, quickly turning them muddy. She lifted her skirts as high as was decent as she walked with Maggie to the small church. At this hour, most of their neighbours were already out running their daily errands. They stopped now and stared as the two women passed by, and Lizzie struggled to hold her head high. A chill went through her as she spotted Daniel Hitching, that sly smile on his face. She gulped, raising her hand to her throat, thinking of his hands snaking around the fragile neck of the chicken. Maggie’s reassuring arm through hers helped to steady her nerves but she was relieved when the rain began to fall more heavily, sending most of the onlookers scurrying for shelter, leaving only Daniel, his cold eyes following their progress to the church. As they reached Samuel, waiting in the church porch, Lizzie saw that her skirts were splashed with mud, and her myrtle crown was sodden and bedraggled. As they stepped into the dry building she turned her face up to Samuel. He was laughing at her.
‘It isn’t funny, Samuel. Every girl wants to look beautiful on her wedding day. I must look such a mess.’
He wrapped his arms around her, squeezing her tightly to him.
‘You are beautiful, Elizabeth Prentice. A bit of rain won’t spoil that. Besides, it wouldn’t be you if you didn’t look like you’d run through twenty fields to get here.’
She smiled then, and kissed the tip of his nose. They were interrupted by a loud cough. Startled, they turned to see the minister staring at then disapprovingly, thin lips pursed, glasses at the end of his nose. Samuel muttered in embarrassment then removed his hat. The man raised his nostrils as if there was a bad smell under his nose.
‘Well, come this way then.’
They followed him into the tiny church; the room was dry at least but dark and musty. Lizzie shivered; her dress was wet and rain was dripping from her hair onto her face and shoulders. Samuel took her hand and squeezed it, smiling at her reassuringly. They took their places at the altar, Maggie slipping into the front pew, where she stood, head bowed and silent. The minister seemed in a great hurry; he dashed through the short ceremony, even telling Samuel to hurry when he placed the small band on Lizzie’s finger. As soon as the pronouncement that they were man and wife was made, he stepped down from his position in front of the altar.
‘That’s it now, come on then, you’re married, it’s done. Quickly make your marks in the register. Then you can go’
Lizzie felt her eyes fill with tears – this had not been the ceremony she had been hoping for. It was all over far too quickly. She looked up at Samuel; he was biting his lip and frowning.
‘What’s your hurry, Minister?’
The man stopped and stared at Samuel, his thin lips tight.
‘I do not approve of this marriage, Samuel Pendle. You are both consenting and of an age and you have a witness, so I cannot prevent it. But I don’t approve. You have broken you mother’s heart.’
Lizzie drew in a breath. So Bridget was to ruin her wedding. Maggie was moving from the pew behind them, no doubt about to give the minister a piece of her mind. But Lizzie was married now – a grown woman; she could speak for herself. She grasped Samuel’s hand tightly.
‘Well, we will sign the register and be on our way, then. We have no wish to keep you any longer than you have wish to be here.’
Register signed, they walked back down the aisle and out into bright sunlight. There were no welcoming crowds, no-one to shake their hands and wish them good luck. Just an empty churchyard. Still at least it had stopped raining. They began to walk down the path towards the church gate, avoiding the fat puddles, when Lizzie was startled by a black shape moving amongst the yew trees to her right. She stopped walking and tugged at Samuel’s arm.
‘What is that, Samuel?’
He looked to where she was pointing, then shook his head.
‘I can’t see a thing, Lizzie. You must be imagining it. Come on, let’s go to The White Hart – I don’t care what anyone else thinks, we’re going to celebrate our wedding.’
Lizzie smiled, then started as Maggie grabbed her arm.
‘I see something too. Wait, it’s coming closer.’
All three stood still, straining their eyes. As they looked, the trees rustled, a branch snapped loudly and Lizzie felt her heart jolt. Then a dark shadowy figure emerged, revealed by the bright sunlight as it made the edge of the path. Bridget. 
She was dressed in black from head to foot as if at a funeral, her dark skirts and gloomy cap at odds with the brightness of the day. She did not move, just stood still and silent, her eyes on them. Lizzie made to move towards her, but Samuel held her back.
‘No. There is no point. Come on, let’s go and get that drink.’
They walked slowly past the desolate figure. Lizzie could feel the woman’s eyes at every step; they seemed to bore into her, searching and deadly, bringing coldness to her very soul. As they drew level, Lizzie’s heart began to thump in her chest, a sweat breaking out, cold on her skin. But Bridget did not move, did not speak. She simply stood, staring. It would have been better, more tolerable if she had screamed, ranted and wailed. Anything but this horrible dead silence. As they moved past, Lizzie heard the dusty skirts shift a little as Bridget turned to watch them go. And though she knew she shouldn’t, Lizzie could not help but look back. Bridget stood, face stark white under the dreary cap, eyes dark pools full of venom. She stared straight at Lizzie, expressionless save for the hatred in those eyes. Lizzie turned hurriedly away, desperately trying not to quicken her pace. The ivy covered lych gate arched ahead – a sanctuary, an escape from the malevolent form behind them. Lizzie was relieved to pass under its lush green canopy and onto the path outside.

Once outside the churchyard, Samuel squeezed her arm.
‘Do not think any more of it. It is her choice after all. She will not spoil today.’ He broke into a wide smile. 
 ‘Come on then, Mistress Pendle,’ she blushed at the name. ‘And you Mother! Let’s toast our marriage with a tankard of The White Hart’s finest ale.’ 
Maggie smiled back, but shook her head. ‘I’ll leave you to it. I have chores to do back at the cottage.’ Lizzie opened her mouth to protest but the look on Maggie’s face warned her to silence. Her heart sank – she had hoped that Maggie would be happy for them, had thought her attendance at their wedding a sign that she was thawing, but if she was determined to disapprove then there was nothing more that Lizzie could do. 
‘I will see you tomorrow, Lizzie, and you Samuel.’ And she turned away, leaving the two of them on the street. Rather subdued, they walked along the sodden lane to the inn where they would spend the night. Maggie had surprised them that morning by placing several coins in Samuel’s palm. 
‘Stay at The White Hart tonight. Go on. My wedding gift to you. For you’ll not get much privacy afterwards.’ 
Samuel had had the grace to stutter a thanks to this, his face so red that Maggie had finally smiled, the first time she had smiled in a long time, it seemed to Lizzie. But he had pocketed the coins and as they stepped inside the tavern now, the landlord greeted them with a grin.
‘Ah, the newlyweds.’ He smirked at a row of men lounging, elbows on the bar.
‘Come on you lot, out of the way. Let’s get these two a space and some ale.’ He winked at Samuel as he placed two tankards on the wooden counter. ‘There you go, lad. And make sure she drinks hers right up.’
Samuel turned to Lizzie, handing her the ale. She smiled at him, not worried by the landlord’s crudeness or the remarks that she could hear from the group of men at the bar. All that mattered was that she was here, with Samuel, a married woman.

The two spent the afternoon wandering by the Blackwater before returning to the tavern for a plain but satisfying meal of bacon, bread and ale. Then Lizzie and Samuel made their way up to their room, ignoring the catcalls and whistles from the bar as they left. Lizzie had had several tankards of ale, yet she still felt nervous. She had imagined this moment but now that the time was approaching for her to be a wife to Samuel, she felt suddenly terrified. What if she did something wrong? What if he hated her body, found her revolting? After all, no-one had seen her without her clothes since she had been a child – and only her mother at that. She had enjoyed Samuel’s kisses, loved the touch of his hand on hers, but this was a whole new matter. She may know about the mechanics, but she had no experience. And though her work had meant she was more than familiar with the intimate parts of a woman, she had never seen a man naked, had only a rudimentary knowledge of their anatomy learned from Maggie, and only then for the needs of cures and remedies. Her heart began to thump, her mouth was dry and her palms were sweating. For a second all she wanted to do was to run home to Maggie, to climb into the pallet that had been her bed since childhood and to lie there alone. 
The room was tiny, drab and grey in the dim light of the dull evening. The rain had returned and it pattered against the windows. There was a small fireplace in one corner though, and it was already lit, glowing weakly. Samuel hurried to it, building it up so that it began to burn more brightly. He lit the two rush candles too, and in a little while the room began to look cosier. In fact the candlelight casting shadows on the wall, the warmth of the fire and the drumming of the rain outside made the starkness soften a little. Samuel closed the door, pushing the bolt firmly across. 
Lizzie shivered, despite the room becoming warmer, despite the heat that she could feel already rising in her. Samuel crossed the room and took her face in his hands. They were rough and work-worn but he caressed her face gently and looked deeply into her eyes. 
‘I can’t believe we’re actually wed, Lizzie. Man and wife.’
She smiled up at him, rubbing the thin wedding band with her thumb, cold and solid, ridged against her finger. It was hard to believe, but she was indeed his wife. Samuel lent down and kissed her, his lips soft against hers. She tensed for a brief moment, then felt her stomach flip as his kiss grew deeper and despite her cheeks flaming, she kissed him back. His hands moved away from her face and into her hair, still hanging down her shoulders. He laced the fingers of one hand through the silky strands, his other hand at the base of her neck, warm and comforting somehow, his thumb tracing smooth circles on her skin. Then suddenly he pulled away, his eyes lowered, a small smile on his lips.
‘I suppose we’d best go to bed then.’
Lizzie nodded, unable to speak, her throat constricted. Her heart was beating so fast that she could hear it, pulsing in her ears. She was glad when Samuel turned away, moved to the other side of the room and began to remove his clothes. Quickly she slipped out of her petticoats, leaving them tumbled in a heap on the floor. Then she undid her stays and threw them onto the same pile. Leaning down to untie her garters she heard Samuel give a small cough. When she looked up he was staring at her, his face shadowed by the candlelight. She could not make out his expression, and quickly looked away, rolling her stockings down and off quickly until she was clad only in her thin shift. She hopped over to the pallet and jumped in, pulling the thin blankets up to her neck. Shyly she glanced over at Samuel who was standing by the fireplace, wearing only his shirt. She peeked at his legs, bare and white in the darkness of the room. She had known Samuel all her life yet had never seen any part of his body other than his hands, his feet and his face. His legs were muscular, and covered in dark hair. He walked towards her now, blowing out the candles as he did so, and she moved over on the pallet to make room for him.
The room was now lit only by the fire casting dancing shadows on the wall, and a sliver of moonlight slipping through the still open shutters. Outside the sky was dark, scudded with wispy clouds. Lizzie turned to Samuel, his face lit by the silver of the moon, his hair dark in the shadows, curling over the collar of his shirt. His face was so serious that despite her nerves, Lizzie giggled. 
‘Are you laughing at me, Lizzie Pendle?’ Samuel grasped her wrists pinning them to the mattress on each side of her head, his body looming over hers. He was laughing too, his eyes twinkling. Lizzie grinned  up at him. 
‘What if I am, Samuel Pendle?’
‘Are you being disrespectful to your husband, now?’
‘I think that’s something you’re going to have to get used to, husband!’
Samuel regarded her, his eyes looking deep into hers, his mouth turned up in amusement. She could feel his warm breath on her face.
‘Well, I shouldn’t have expected anything less from you, Lizzie.’
He shifted his body then, bringing one leg across her so that he was astride her, not taking his eyes from hers. Suddenly she was all too aware of his body just touching hers, the hem of his shirt gently touching her thigh where her own shift had ridden up, the hard muscle of his leg against hers. He leaned down towards her, the neck of his shirt falling low, revealing the hard skin of his chest, dark and shadowy. He kissed her again, softly at first, and then more urgently as she responded, her heart beating faster. He pressed himself against her and she could feel his heart beating too, could feel his body trembling. He released her wrists and she twined her fingers in his hair, pulling his head closer so that she could kiss him more deeply. Then his hands were on her body, pulling her shift higher, and all thoughts of laughter were gone as she drew him to her, no longer afraid.

 
Chapter 6

Lizzie drew her cloak around her and yawned deeply as she scattered the grain for the chickens. The mornings were turning chilly now as the heat of the summer gave way to autumn. She loved this time of year – the fields around the village were beautiful in their warm shades of yellow, bordered by the fiery reds, oranges and vibrant greens of the trees. She and Samuel wandered down to the Blackwater whenever they could, the alders on the river banks still green and shady, their leaves not yet withering, giving them some much needed privacy.
She jumped as Samuel appeared behind her, wrapping his arms around her waist. She hoped he would not notice the slight thickening of her middle, for she had yet to tell him of her news, wanting to wait until any danger was past. She thought Maggie suspected, but her mother said nothing though Lizzie would sometimes catch her watching her, concern on her face. And Lizzie shared that concern. Since her marriage, the presence of Samuel meant that they were somewhat protected from some of the more violent persecutions – Daniel Hitching, for one, had kept well away from Lizzie. But something was happening in Eversley. Lizzie and Maggie were struggling to make any money; they had fewer customers than ever and were sure this was down to the vicious tongue of Bridget Pendle. Any of the women that came to Maggie now came in secret, for they were scared that Bridget would find out and put their husbands’ livelihood at risk. Many were the nights, like last night, that they sneaked from the cottage to some distressed woman’s side, women that had suffered for hours waiting until darkness could provide a cover for Lizzie and Maggie to come to them. At these times, scurrying through the darkness like criminals, Lizzie hated Bridget Pendle with all her heart. That she held such power in Eversley was terrifying. Last night, they had attended Temperance Collins, delivered her of a healthy baby boy, the first of hers to survive. The woman had been thrilled if exhausted, but her husband had been shifty when it came to paying, despite his wife’s beseeching looks. 
‘If they know you’ve been here, if she finds out, well, I could lose my job, you see. It’s not that I’m not grateful, but I need my work.’
He’d looked over at his wife, feeding their child in the firelight.
‘Especially now.’
Maggie had bristled.
‘We need to eat too. We cannot work for nothing.’
‘Please,’ the man had hissed, his eyes desperate. ‘You need to leave now. I’ll see if I can bring something to you. Tomorrow night, perhaps.’
So they had left empty handed, hoping that they may find a surreptitious gift left on their doorstep in the next few days, but with no power to insist on it. This was happening all too often, so money was scarce, and Lizzie was worried about providing for her child. They would need to be even more careful with what they did have, now that there would be another mouth to feed. She pushed Samuel gently away, placing her hands on her stomach.
 ‘Should you not be on your way? The sun is already up.’
‘I have time for a kiss from my wife. Besides, Edward knows I’ll work hard when I get there – I always do despite the pittance the old miser pays me.’
 A shadow crossed his face at this, and Lizzie reached out and grasped his hand. Samuel had managed to find work with Edward Taylor, a carpenter in Finchampstead, happy to take on someone so naturally skilled. But he could not pay much in the way of wages. Samuel was staring out over the meadow, a frown furrowing his forehead.
‘It’s nowhere near what we would have if we were living at the farm with my parents.’
Lizzie placed her finger on his lips and shook her head.
‘It doesn’t matter, it’s your money, and you’ll earn it. By yourself.’
He smiled.
‘No Lizzie, not my money, our money.’
He walked to Finchampstead every day, often before sunrise, and came home at sunset, his hands sore and sometimes blistered and bleeding, but there was a contentment on his face as he pushed open the cottage door each night and swept Lizzie into his arms for a welcoming kiss, laughing as Maggie scurried out to the chickens or busied herself at the hearth. She still had her misgivings about their marriage, Lizzie knew, but she had softened in the last months, seeing how happy they were together. And Samuel was useful to have around the house; despite his long working day he was always happy to fetch water or chop wood, and would spend evenings whittling or carving by the fire. He had carved two beautiful stools for them already. They were covered in intricate designs of birds, flowers and butterflies, creatures so real that Lizzie thought they looked as if they could take wing and fly away. 
‘Away with you now. I have to get these chickens seen to, then Maggie and I have work to do. You know how busy this time of year is.’
Samuel nodded.
‘It’ll be busy up at the farm too.’ He hesitated. ‘I wonder how Father is coping without me.’
Lizzie sighed. The whole village was beginning its preparations for the harvest and Lizzie knew that this was the time of the year when Samuel would have spent the most time with his father. He ran a hand across his brow.
‘Mother will be rushed off her feet too – baking and brewing for the party. What a night that is, Lizzie. Everyone in the long barn, dancing and singing and drinking. Such a sight.’
Lizzie stiffened.
‘Well I wouldn’t know, Samuel. Having never been invited.’
Samuel smiled ruefully.
‘Sorry. That was stupid of me.’
‘You know, I was so jealous of you all, when I was a girl. I used to stand here and listen to the music and laughter. It used to carry all the way here, across the meadow. I wished so hard to be a part of it.’
She moved to stand next to him, leaning against the cottage wall, looking out over the rolling fields. Samuel put his arm around her waist and she didn’t move away. Perhaps this was the time to tell him.
‘Well you won’t be listening all alone this year, Lizzie. We’ll listen together. And we’ll have our own feast. Just me and you. And Maggie of course.’ He squeezed her tightly, smiling down at her and her heart constricted. She gazed ahead of her, at the pale gold of the wheat and barley stretching ahead.
‘And next year, Samuel, there’ll be one more at our feast.’
She heard him catch his breath.
‘Why? What is it? What are you trying to say?’
His eyes were searching her face, but still she looked ahead. Then she nodded, and was suddenly swept up into his arms.
‘Really? A baby? Our baby?’
She nodded again, unable to speak for the emotion rising in her. He pulled her closer to him.
‘How long? When will it come?’
She laughed.
‘I’m about three months gone. It must be from our wedding night.’
Samuel smiled ruefully. 
‘Well, there’s been precious little chance since.’
Lizzie felt her cheeks flush. Since their wedding, they had slept in the tiny loft space on the pallet that Lizzie had previously shared with Maggie. But they were both painfully aware of Maggie’s presence downstairs, on the straw mattress in the alcove by the fireplace that she had made private through the addition of some drapes fashioned from one of Samuel’s ruined shirts. Any chance of intimacy between Lizzie and Samuel was painfully awkward. Only on the rare occasions when Maggie needed to travel to another village for certain herbs or ingredients were Samuel and Lizzie were left alone. Lizzie treasured these times when she could be a wife to Samuel, though she enjoyed as much the evenings when they sat hand-in-hand companionably by the fire. 
Samuel was smothering her face with kisses. 
‘Samuel, stop now, you must get to work. And I need to wake Maggie. I’ve let her sleep long enough, but god knows she was exhausted last night.’
‘Well you should be resting too. Being out so late, it isn’t good for you. You need to take care of yourself. Especially now.’
Immediately the happy mood was gone.
‘Don’t look like that, please. I know this is my mother’s fault, but this changes everything. When my parents hear about the baby, they’re bound to come round. It’ll be their grandchild after all.’
Lizzie looked at the hope on his face and her heart sank.
‘Samuel, please. You can’t tell her. Look at the trouble she has caused already.’
‘But we can’t keep it from her forever. Do you think you can hide it? What happens when you’re really showing and you see her in the street? Or someone else tells her? You can’t hide in the cottage forever. And then when the baby’s born – what will you do? Keep it indoors? Have some sense.’
Lizzie knew he was right. She shuddered to think what would happen when Bridget heard of the pregnancy. She had no hope, unlike Samuel, that she would suddenly turn into a loving grandmother. 
‘I don’t know. I haven’t thought about it. But don’t tell her yet, please. Just give me some time.’
‘This could be the way back in, don’t you see? I know I said I was done with them, and I mean it. If they don’t accept you, that is. But if they do, if they want to know our baby, then we can be a family. We can live at the farm, even. You won’t be excluded, like you were as a child. You could even come to the dances, Lizzie, they would be our dances!’
She pulled away, glaring up at him.
‘How could you? How can you stand there and say such things.? You have no idea of the pain that woman is causing us, has caused us over the years. Do you know what it’s like to stand in the cold and the dark, alone, listening to everyone else, laughing and having fun, dancing and eating? Do you know what it’s like to walk through your own village and have everyone stare and whisper? No, you don’t because you’ve always had security, money, friends. You’ve been protected. Your mother called me a whore; she called me a witch, Samuel. She came into my home and insulted me and my mother. Do you really think I’d want to live with her, even if she offered it? And you’re a fool if you think she will. You’re a fool if you think she’ll want anything to do with this baby.’
‘Don’t say such things, please.’ Samuel’s face was ashen. ‘I love you, you know that. I have given all that up to be with you. To live here, in this tiny cottage with no room, no privacy. I work all day for a pittance when I could be running the farm. And I do it for you, Lizzie. I’ve given it up for you.’
As she stared at him, fear began to well deep within her. She should have known that it would all be too much for him, that it would be too hard. She stroked her belly, thinking of the child that grew there. Did it have arms and legs already, she wondered. Did it have a heart beating in its tiny chest? Did it have feelings? Could it hear them, shouting like this, hurting each other? How could such happy news have turned into this awful row?
‘I didn’t ask you to give it up. Remember that. It was you that wanted to marry me. You that walked away from your parents and their damned farm. And all it’s done is caused trouble for us. For Mother and me. All because of your bitch of a mother.’
Her hand flew to her mouth as soon as the words had been spoken, and looking at Samuel, she wished she could grab hold of them and take them back. His blue eyes were cold, his mouth a thin line. 
‘She is still my mother, Lizzie.’
She held her hands out to him then, her frustration making her angry. Angry and afraid.
‘And I am your wife. And this is your child.’
He said nothing, just stared at her for what felt like minutes. Then he turned on his heel and was gone.

She managed to get through the day, though it dragged and she was exhausted. Maggie asked no questions about her red eyes, but Lizzie wondered whether she had heard their argument. They were busy enough for conversation to be minimal anyway, pickling vegetables for the coming winter months and drying and storing the herbs they would need to cope with the ailments that came along with the cold weather.
Darkness fell and Lizzie listened out for Samuel’s footsteps on the path outside. She busied herself with preparing the pottage; it was cooked and ready, the fire built up and the rushes lit but there was no sign of Samuel. Worry began to gnaw at Lizzie; this was unlike him. He always came straight home, was not one to stop at the tavern and take a drink. He always said he preferred to have his ale here, at home with Lizzie. She stirred at the pottage. It was beginning to stick. Maggie came and stood by her.
‘It’ll be ruined if we don’t eat now. Come on, we’ll put some aside. He can have it cold.’
Lizzie nodded and the two women ate in silence. Every now and then she would feel Maggie’s eyes on her, but she did not look up, did not want concern or pity. After their scant meal, Maggie announced that she was retiring to bed.
‘I’ll stay up a while longer. He must come home soon.’ Lizzie paused, then looked up at her mother, all her reticence dying away, her fear bubbling to the surface.
‘Where do you think he is? Do you think he will come home? What if he’s gone back? Back to them.’
‘Hush now.’ Maggie was at her side, brushing back her hair, soothing her.
‘He’ll be home. No doubt he’s gone to the tavern to cheer himself up after your argument this morning. But try not to worry. He loves you. Be patient. He’ll be home. I promise. Now I must go to bed, I am so weary after last night. You should make yourself a draught of chamomile. It will soothe you. And make sure you keep that fire well built up. You don’t want to be catching a chill. Not now.’
Lizzie looked at her mother, who smiled. 
‘You must take care of yourself, Lizzie. We must take care of you.’
Lizzie sat by the fire as the night grew late, staring into the flames rather than at the pile of mending that she had hoped to finish. Her eyes became heavy as weariness set in and she felt herself begin to doze. She was startled awake by a crash from outside cutting through the silence, followed by a string of curses. Samuel. Lizzie stood, her heart thumping. He must be drunk, she thought, but at least he was home.
She opened the cottage door to find him slumped on the floor outside. He grinned up at her, his eyes shifting from side to side, unable to focus.
‘Lizzie, my lovely Lizzie. I’m home.’
The stench of ale was overpowering and Lizzie felt nausea rise in her as she leaned down to help Samuel up. The moon was bright in the clear sky ahead, and a shadow crossed her path, startling her. 
‘Evening Lizzie. I brought Samuel home for you.’
It was Daniel. He leaned against the door frame, fixing Lizzie with a crooked smile.
‘Sorry he’s a bit drunk. He’s been in The White Hart all night. We’ve been having a bit of a celebration, haven’t we, Samuel.’
Samuel nodded.
‘Indeed we have. Lizzie, Daniel here has been helping me to celebrate. He’s a fine man, is Daniel. He’s kept me company all night.’
Lizzie scowled.
‘Has he now?’ 
She turned to Daniel.
‘Well, thank you for making sure he got home. Come on in, Samuel. And good night to you Daniel.’
She reached down and took hold of Samuel’s shoulders, trying to pull him up. He was a dead weight under her arms.
‘Come on, Samuel. You need to get up.’
He laughed in response and tried to struggle to his feet, then swayed for a second before sitting down again. Lizzie sighed.
‘Please try. I can’t lift you into the house.’
Daniel moved forward and pulled Samuel to his feet, placing the grinning man’s arm around his shoulders.
‘Don’t worry Lizzie, I’ll fetch him in.’ 
Lizzie was flustered. She did not want Daniel Hitching in her home. Yet she had little choice. She couldn’t lift or move Samuel by herself. 
‘Fine. But you’ll have to be quiet. Maggie is asleep.’
Daniel nodded, then shuffled into the cottage, bent under Samuel’s weight. ‘Where do you want him?’
‘Over on to the settle.’ She tried to keep her voice steady, polite.
Daniel laid Samuel down. As soon as he was horizontal he began to snore. Lizzie threw a blanket over him, then turned to Daniel.
‘Well, thank you then.’
Daniel smiled.
‘You’re welcome. You couldn’t have lifted him after all.’ He paused, his eyes moving up and down her body. She flushed under his gaze, pulled her shawl tighter around her. 
‘Would have been silly to leave you with him. In your condition.’
Lizzie felt the room spinning. She had to sit down. Had he said what she thought he had? Daniel was nodding.
‘Oh yes, I believe you have some happy news. Samuel was telling everyone in The White Hart about it. What’s up, Lizzie? You don’t look too pleased.’
She allowed him to lead her to the fireside, to sit her on the stool that was placed there. He hovered next to her.
‘I’m happy for you, really I am. Although I always thought you and me, you know, we might have had something.’ She looked up, confused. What was he talking about?
‘Not that I’d have married you though. No, wouldn’t have risked it. Wouldn’t have wanted to be associated with your type.’
Lizzie reddened.
‘What do you mean?’
‘Oh you know exactly what I mean. Shame you married so young. We could have had some fun. I always thought your sort enjoyed that. Never mind.’
Lizzie stood, despite her dizziness. 
‘Get out of my house.’
‘Oh, there’s no need to be rude. After all, I brought your drunken arse of a husband home for you.’ He turned to where Samuel was snoring on the settle, one arm flung over his head, one hanging at his side. 
‘He’d never know, Lizzie. And as long as we’re quiet enough, your mother won’t hear either. We could still have some fun. And now you’re with child we wouldn’t even have to be careful.’
The words were still spinning around Lizzie’s head. Daniel knew. He knew. Samuel had told him, had told everyone. By tomorrow morning it would be all over the village. And Bridget would hear. Then she realised that Daniel was next to her, looking at her quizzically. He means it, she thought. He actually thinks that I would. He moved closer then, forcing her backwards against the wall. Suddenly he crumpled to the floor. Maggie was behind him, the laundry beater in her hands. Daniel was rubbing his shoulder, grimacing.
‘You old bitch! How dare you?’
Maggie advanced, waving the paddle.
‘Get out of here, go on.’
Daniel stood, still rubbing at his shoulder.
‘Don’t worry, I’m going.’ He looked at Lizzie. ‘Wouldn’t want to touch you anyway. Not really.’ He moved towards the door, avoiding moving any closer to Maggie. Once there, his fingers grasping the handle ready to leave, he smiled.
‘You know, it’ll be all round the village by the morning. Half of Eversley were in the tavern tonight. Sarah Howell and George Wharton are getting married, so we had a double celebration. Not many good wishes for you pair though. Anyway, it won’t take long to get back to Bridget Pendle will it? Especially once I’ve got home and told my lovely mother. You know how close she is to Bridget, especially since those hangings.’ 
Lizzie paled, an image of poor Jenny kicking at the air filling her head. Daniel was regarding her thoughtfully.
‘Still, don’t worry too much. I’m sure she’ll be delighted that you’re carrying the heir to her precious farm’


Lizzie placed the infusion of willow bark at Samuel’s elbow.
‘Here, drink this. It will ease your head.’
Samuel blinked up at her, groaning. She looked away, unable to meet his eye. 
‘Lizzie,’ his voice was rasping. ‘Lizzie, sit here with me. Listen to me. I’m so sorry.’
‘Sorry are you?’ She couldn’t keep the accusing tone from her voice. ‘Well you should be. How could you do it? How could you gossip about me like that? And to Daniel Hitching too.’
‘I wasn’t gossiping. I was proud that’s all.’ Samuel spoke slowly, as if each word was torture, but Lizzie could feel no sympathy for him. Instead, she waited, arms folded, for him to make his excuses.
 ‘Well, actually I was angry at first, that’s why I went to The White Hart. But then I just wanted to tell everyone, I wanted to let everyone know how happy I am. I suppose it was the drink talking.  And Daniel, well, that was a mistake. But he was friendly, Lizzie.’
‘I expect he was.’ She shook her head, exasperated. ‘Honestly Samuel, you’re like a child. And I’m going to have one of those to care for soon enough. I don’t need to be caring for you as well.’
He sat up, rubbing at his temple. Hs face was green and for a fleeting second Lizzie almost felt sorry for him. 
‘You don’t need to care for me. I’m not a child.’ He face was hard despite his discomfort. 
‘Then show me, Samuel. Show me you can be responsible.’
‘I have, haven’t I? I’ve taken that job, I’m trying to provide.’
‘I know that. And I’m grateful to you. But you must stop this talk of your family. When you married me you knew that you had made a choice. At least you said that you had made that choice. After yesterday, I’m beginning to wonder.’
He raised himself from the settle, swung his legs round so that he was sitting upright. Then he patted the space beside him.
‘Come sit here next to me.’ His voice was pleading. Lizzie hesitated a moment and then sat down. Samuel took her hand.
‘I have chosen you. And I am glad I made that choice. But now you are with child, well, it has made things more complicated. I want the best for you, for us, and for that baby. You deserve to have nice things, Lizzie. To have a secure home. I just think that if my parents knew about the baby, then they might change their minds. That’s all. Then we would have a secure future. The farm would be ours one day. And then it would belong to our child.’ He patted her stomach. ‘To this child.’
‘Samuel, we made our choice. Your parents made their choice too. They were wretched to me, and to Mother. I don’t want their home, I don’t want their farm and I don’t want it for this child either. It is up to us to provide for him or her. We need to do it ourselves. That is the only way, for I’ll not take a thing from a woman who called me a witch.’
Samuel looked at her for a long while, saying nothing. Lizzie watched him, wondering what he was thinking. This was Samuel, her best friend, her husband, her lover. What he said now, what he decided, would change her future. He squeezed her hand.
‘You’re right, Lizzie. We’ll make our own way. Without them.’ And he drew her into his arms. She rested there, her head against his chest, feeling the familiar beat of his heart. And she wanted only to weep, despite his embrace, for his eyes as he had drawn her to him had been full of despair. She could feel the ties between them grow taut, straining; if they grew any tighter, came under any more pressure, she was certain they would snap.
 

 Chapter 7

Lizzie stood and rubbed the small of her back. Collecting herbs and berries was becoming much more difficult; the steady swelling of her belly hindering her more than she liked to admit. The chill of the days as winter drew nearer didn’t help. Lizzie’s hands were frozen as she worked beside Maggie in the pale late afternoon sunshine. 
‘We should finish now, Lizzie.’ Maggie, too, sounded exhausted. ‘You should not be kneeling so long in the cold like this.’
Lizzie shook her head.
‘I’m fine. Though I must admit my hands are frozen. Do we have enough elderberries?’
Maggie nodded.
‘We do for now. Let’s get back home. At least we can stay in the warm while we dry the thyme and rosemary leaves.’
The thought of home did little to ease Lizzie’s discomfort, despite the promise of a good fire and some welcome warm ale. For the atmosphere would no doubt be anything but warm and welcoming. She and Samuel had circled around each other after their disagreement about his parents, neither willing to say too much in case arguments and accusations began again. Instead, they carried on with their daily routines, Samuel working in Finchampstead, Lizzie and Maggie preparing for winter. But the longer the silence was kept, the more difficult it became. The easy conversations they had shared seemed a thing of the past, and Lizzie missed them with all her heart. She knew Samuel still loved her, she only hoped that when the baby came things would return to how they had been.
Her back continued to ache as the two women trudged home, the heavy baskets swinging in their hands. Lizzie’s feet felt swollen in their winter boots, but she was grateful at least that the sickness had stopped. She had been plagued by it at first and Maggie had been unable to help, despite providing the best remedies that she knew. No, despite the physical aches and pains, she had to admit that she felt much better; she just wished that the aching in her heart would ease. Bridget Pendle stood between her and Samuel, despite neither of them having heard anything from her for months. In fact Lizzie was shocked by the woman’s silence. Her hatred of Maggie and Lizzie still showed itself though – they had hardly any work at all, in fact the rosemary they had collected today was, Lizzie knew, mainly for her own use should labour come on early. Though the baby was not due until early Spring, if something should happen in the depths of winter then there was little chance of finding any herbs or plants to help – Maggie was sensible enough to gather what they needed now, just in case. There would be plenty, for no-one else seemed to have need of their remedies or of them, and over the last weeks they had come to rely more and more on Samuel’s scant wages. They had even had to slaughter two of the chickens, though it had been a hard decision – after all, a live chicken provided eggs for many months whereas a dead one was only good for several meals. But Lizzie needed to eat well, so Maggie had made the decision. This was Bridget’s fault, they all three knew that, though no-one mentioned it. Lizzie could only hope that Samuel would remember all this; that he would not try to reconcile with his mother again, indeed, that he would have no wish to.
The sun was getting lower as they strolled down the track.  
‘Beautiful isn’t it?’ Maggie had stopped and now stood still for a moment gazing upwards. Lizzie stood next to her mother, placing an arm through hers. The sky was indeed beautiful. It sent great red fingers to brush at the earth, setting fire to the last orange and yellow leaves of the oaks and birches.
As they stood there, they heard footsteps approaching. Squinting into the setting sun, Lizzie could make out a figure coming towards them. Small of stature, the figure was clutching a basket, cloak gathered around her to keep out the cold. She was walking so quickly that she was almost running. Lizzie nudged her mother.
‘We should get home. It’s getting colder by the second.’
Maggie looked up the path at the approaching figure and nodded. They began to walk, arm-in-arm towards home once more. As they drew nearer to the woman, however, Lizzie felt a small spark of apprehension. She thought she recognised that tiny frame. With a start she realised that it was Bridget Pendle. Maggie seemed to have reached the same conclusion for Lizzie felt her tense, gripping Lizzie’s arm tightly. As they watched, two men appeared on the path behind Bridget.  
‘Bridget, Bridget, wait, please.’
Lizzie recognised James Pendle’s voice. Despite his pleas, his wife showed no sign of slowing down. The two men began to pick up speed, Minister Jarvis hurrying to keep up with Pendle, and all three were fast approaching Lizzie and Maggie. The two women clutched at each other; there was nowhere to go, only forwards towards Bridget, or backwards to where they had been gathering the elderberries. They hesitated, and Bridget drew level with them
 Lizzie was shocked at the woman’s appearance. Her face, though she had always been thin, was now drawn so harshly that it resembled a skull. Her eyes were wild under a cap that was askew, her hair straggling from beneath it, matted and filthy. This was all Lizzie could take in at a glance, as Bridget scurried past them, without even a sideways look. Lizzie could hardly believe it – she had been certain that the woman was heading for them; that she meant to confront them, but Bridget had shown no recognition of them at all. As she stood there with Maggie, James Pendle and the minister finally caught up with Bridget. James grabbed hold of his wife’s arm and was greeted with a torrent of abuse for his troubles. Jarvis took hold of her other arm and Bridget was forced to a halt. She continued to scream insults at the two men, her eyes deranged, her head bobbing from side to side. Lizzie stood watching, her mouth open, her heart racing. How dreadful to see Bridget like this! True, she hated the woman, but to think that she was reduced to this – it was not what Lizzie would wish. Bridget was still screaming, and Lizzie winced as she heard the crack of James’ hand. The blow silenced his wife, but Lizzie found that silence far more disturbing than the shouting. Maggie was tugging at her arm. 
‘Come now, Lizzie. We should not be seeing this. Let’s leave them in peace.’
Slowly the women made their way home, neither of them speaking, neither wanting to acknowledge what they had just seen. Darkness was falling quickly now, and as they approached their cottage, Lizzie’s heart sank to see Samuel hurrying down the street. His face was red from running, his eyes almost as wild as his mother’s had been. He stopped when he saw Lizzie, waited for her to come to him.
‘Jack Stringer came to see me at Taylor’s just now. Said that Mother had had a turn, that I should go home. But I wanted to talk to you first, Lizzie, wanted to make sure it was fine with you.’
Lizzie felt a mixture of emotions at his words – so he had come to her first; had cared enough about her feelings to see her before he went to his mother. But then there was that word ‘home’. When he had said it he had meant the farm, not the home that he shared with her, the home he would share with their baby.
She forced a tight smile to her lips, placed her arms around him and held him to her. How she loved the smell of him, the feel of him close to her; even through these difficult days when she had felt miles from him, she had still longed to hold him, to be held by him. She breathed in the scent of him, the earthy raw smell of the wood he had been working with, and the underlying scent of his body, familiar to her, dear to her. She was glad now that he responded to her embrace, that he held her tightly.
‘I am so sorry, Samuel.’ She breathed the words softly into his ear, her tears falling on to the strands of damp hair that curled there, sweat soaked form his dash from Finchampstead. He pulled away from her, holding her arms, gazing questioningly into her face.
‘Why, what’s happened? Have you heard anything about Mother?’
 ‘We saw her.’
‘Saw her? But Jack said she’d had a turn. Where did you see her? Did you go to the farm?’
‘We saw her on the lane, Samuel. She was practically running. Your father and the Minister were chasing her.’
Samuel’s skin turned grey. He dropped his eyes, looked at the floor, chewing his lip for a moment.
‘Running? Why? What was she running from?’
Lizzie shook her head, not wanting to tell him about the screaming, the curses, the slap.
‘Lizzie,’ his voice was harsh and he shook her gently. ‘Lizzie, you must tell me.’
Then Maggie was there, gently lifting his fingers from Lizzie’s arms, leading him away.
‘You must go to her, Samuel.’ Maggie’s voice was soft. ‘Go to your mother. I would think your father has taken her home.’
‘But why? What was wrong with her?’
‘She was very distressed, Samuel. I think it is best if you go there. Talk to your father. He is the best person to explain.’
Samuel heaved a great sigh, then turned to Lizzie. 
‘Shall I go? I don’t want to upset you, but I really think I should see what is wrong.’
Over Samuel’s shoulder, Maggie cast Lizzie a warning look. Lizzie swallowed, forced the words from her mouth.
‘Of course. Of course you should go.’
The relief on his face cut her deeply. He returned to her, leaning forward and kissing her cheek, then running one finger along her scar. She softened under his gaze, bit her lip and managed to smile.
‘Thank you, Lizzie.’
She nodded.
‘Go on then.’

He didn’t return that night. It wasn’t until dawn was breaking that Lizzie heard the door creak open. She had waited up for him, dozing on the settle every now and then, and her limbs were sore and aching as she stood to greet him, Maggie’s gentle snoring from behind the curtain reminding her to whisper. Samuel looked drawn, as if he had aged in the hours he had been gone. There were dark smudges under his eyes, and his skin was pallid. 
‘How was she, Samuel?’
Lizzie asked the question without really wanting to know the answer. Whatever change had come over Bridget, Lizzie knew that it would not be to their favour. 
‘It was dreadful. She was locked in her room. I could hear her, ranting and raving. My god.’ He broke off, ran a hand over his face. Lizzie guided him to the settle, arranged the blanket over his knees then sat beside him, clutching his hand, running her fingers over the calloused skin. He was ice cold.
‘My father, I’ve never seen him look so terrible. He’s ill with worry. He, well, he wouldn’t speak to me at first. In face he refused to let me in. But the minister convinced him. It was awful. I felt like I was ten again and had done something dreadful, waiting there for him to come and speak to me. He left me for hours, until I thought he wouldn’t come. But when he did, well, he wasn’t angry, Lizzie, and that was the worst thing.’
‘What do you mean? Surely it was good that he wasn’t angry with you?’
‘He just looked through me. Didn’t look in my eyes or at my face. There was no emotion in his voice. It was as if I was a stranger.’
Lizzie gulped. Samuel was staring into the distance now, his eyes far away.
‘He said that Mother was ill. That she had been driven mad by grief. And that I was the one that had caused that grief so he would thank me for not coming back to the house, unless...’ He paused again. Lizzie squeezed his hand harder.
‘Tell me.’
‘He said that I could only come back, even just to visit her, if I swore that I would stay away from you.’
Lizzie dropped his hand, stood and went to the hearth. She busied herself with poking at the fire, though it was burning well and didn’t need the attention. She did not want to hear what Samuel would say. A movement on the other side of the room caught her eye and she turned. Maggie was standing there, shawl pulled over her shift, eyes wide with worry. She came over to the hearthside and took the poker from Lizzie.
‘Sit down girl. We must hear what he has to say.’
Lizzie did as her mother bid her. Maggie placed the poker on the hearth and took one of the stools opposite the settle.
‘Come now, Samuel. Let’s get it all out.’
He looked at her, then at Lizzie. She dropped her eyes, unable to hold his gaze, terrified of what he might say.
‘I told him you were having our child, that we were married. He said it didn’t matter. I got angry then and said that perhaps he should call Jarvis in and ask him what he thought of that. Well, he did, and Jarvis, well, he asked me if the baby were mine. Said that if I had any doubts then no-one would think badly of me abandoning you.’
Lizzie put her head in her hands. Was this to be it then? Was she to be left? Was she to be abandoned, as the minister advised?
Samuel continued. ‘I told him that there was no doubt about it, that of course the baby was mine and that he had a disgusting mind to be thinking otherwise. And I told him that I wouldn’t be leaving anyone. That I love you.’
Lizzie breathed a sigh of relief. Samuel gently moved her hands away and tilted her face towards him.
‘Because I do love you, Lizzie. But then,’ his eyes flashed anger,’ then they both started on at me. Said that perhaps I only thought I loved you. Perhaps I only thought the baby was mine. They said that it was well known what kind of woman you are.’ He looked at Maggie, ‘What kind of women you both are.’ Maggie nodded and Samuel continued. ‘The minister said that it was likely that I had been bewitched. That you had bewitched me. They both went on and on about it, about how women are full of sin and temptation, that most of them are whores.  I couldn’t listen to it. I got angry then so they stopped.’
Lizzie regarded her husband. He was still angry, she could see, and she remembered then why she loved him, why she always had.
‘They said again that I could only see my mother if I promised to leave you. They said they could annul our marriage if I admitted you’d bewitched me. They said they could prosecute you for it, both of you, and that the constable had already agreed to investigate.’
Lizzie felt as though her stomach was falling away. The blood drained from her face as she stared at Maggie. Her mother had gone very still; her face was calm though and Lizzie wondered how she managed to do it. She took her shaking hands from Samuel. Maggie placed her own hands on her knees and Lizzie saw with a start that there was a small tremor there. This terrified her more than anything Samuel could say, but when her mother spoke her voice was steady.
‘And what did you say to this, Samuel?’
He looked at her.
‘I said that Lizzie is my wife, that I love her and I married her of my own free will. And that you are not witches. Either of you.’
Maggie nodded.
‘And you meant it? Because if you did not mean it, if you have any doubts at all, then I need to know. It will be safer for us if you leave, otherwise.’
Lizzie looked at her mother askance but Maggie shook her head slightly.
‘This will mean giving up your family for us, giving them up for good. I haven’t interfered, between you and Lizzie, but now I must. I know you have had your problems, but if you are with us, then you have to be with us.’
‘I am, Maggie.’ 
Lizzie was looking from her husband to her mother, not liking the flat tone of Samuel’s voice, the edge in her mother’s.
‘What is going on? Will one of you speak to me?’
Samuel looked at her.
‘Lizzie, my father meant it when he talked about prosecuting you. He really believes you are witches; that I am bewitched.’
‘So we are in danger then? Really in danger?’
Maggie was nodding.
‘Yes, Lizzie. We are in real danger. And we will have to leave here.’
‘Leave? But we can’t. Where will we go? Winter is coming. I’m pregnant. We have nowhere to go.’
‘Hush now, calm down.’ Maggie was stern. ‘You have the baby to think of. And we have a lot to do. We need to decide where we are going, and then we need to get as much together as we can. We have to leave today.’
‘Today? How, how can we leave today? We don’t even know where to go.’
‘Lizzie, Lizzie, look at me.’ Samuel’s voice was gentle. ‘Your mother is right. We have no time to lose. I have never seen my father like that. So cold. So determined. He will go to the constable and he will go today. We have to leave in the next few hours.’
Lizzie swallowed. She could not believe this was happening. That she was going to have to leave her home. That she would have to walk away from the cottage and go out into the unknown. But the alternative was even more terrifying than the thought of being homeless in the middle of the coming winter. She steadied herself, tried to keep her voice calm.
‘So, we have no choice then. But where will we go?’
Maggie scratched her nose, her face thoughtful.
‘We need to go as far as we can. Lizzie, we talked not long ago of Hannah, the woman who cared for me all those years ago. There is a chance that she still lives in the same place, not far from a village called Halstead. I am sure she would give us shelter until we found somewhere to settle. And there is a river there, I remember. When I came here it gave me a start.’
‘Why, Mother?’
‘It is called the Blackwater. Perhaps that is a sign.’ She smiled. ‘Well it’s as good a reason to choose a place as any.’
‘How far is it?’
‘It is to the east of London. Far enough away to be safe. But not too far for us to get there.’
Samuel stood.
‘Lizzie can’t walk all the way. I won’t let her. I have the cart. My father insisted that I take everything that belonged to me – said he didn’t want it in the house any longer. I’ve brought it back on the cart, with the old mare. We’ll take it with us.’
 ‘Samuel, we can’t do that!’ Lizzie stood too. ‘You’ll make things worse; we’ll be accused of stealing.’
‘Lizzie, you are not walking however many miles it is to this Halstead place. If we go quickly then they won’t know. And if they do know then they won’t catch us. Come on now, we’ve wasted too much time already.’
It didn’t take long to gather their belongings though Lizzie found it hard to decide what to take with her. In the end they packed the few clothes they had, some linen and sheets for the baby, and the herbs they might need on their journey and for Lizzie’s labour, including peppermint to make the trip more comfortable. That and a few bits of food were all they risked packing up –time was getting on, but it pained Lizzie to leave the jars of medicines and remedies that she and her mother had worked so hard on these last few weeks. Just as they were about to leave, Lizzie had a sudden thought.
‘What about the chickens? We can’t just leave them here.’
Maggie scratched her head and sighed.
‘We’ll have to; we can’t take them with us.’
Lizzie’s heart sank. 
‘But if we leave them here then someone from the village will come and take them. They might even slaughter them.’
‘Lizzie, see sense. We can’t waste time on a few chickens, we have to leave.’
Lizzie felt shame at the tears welling up in her eyes, but she couldn’t bear to think of the chickens being treated so.
‘At least let me open the gate. They can take their chances then.’
‘Go on then, but hurry.’
Lizzie stepped out into the tiny yard for the last time. The sun was just rising, the sky streaked with slashes of red and orange against lead grey. The chickens immediately fluttered to her, pecking around her feet, waiting for some grain. She picked one up, held it gently in her arms, then, as her tears began to fall, she buried her head in the bird’s soft feathers. It clucked in response. Hearing Samuel calling from inside the cottage, Lizzie reluctantly placed the fowl gently down then turned to open the gate. Hand on the latch, she stiffened. She could hear horses, she was sure of it. She stood still and listened again. Yes, horses hooves, lots of them. Panic began to rise in her throat as she strained her eyes to the distance. Coming across the meadow from the Pendle’s farm she could make out several riders, moving quickly, drawing close. Flinging the gate open she ran back into the cottage.
‘Samuel, Mother, there are men coming, from the farm.’

  
Chapter 8

For a moment Samuel and Maggie looked at Lizzie in shock. Then they began to move, gathering up their belongings. Maggie grabbed a pile of blankets from the pallet.
‘How close?’ her voice was shaking.
‘Just coming across the meadow. They’ll be almost here by now, come on, we must leave.’
They ran from the cottage, Maggie flinging the blankets onto the few possessions already stacked in the cart. The horses were drawing closer, the sound of their hooves pounding on the hard, cold earth of the meadow, ominous in the still early morning air. Samuel lifted Lizzie up onto the back of the cart, then went to help Maggie.
‘Wait,’ Maggie said sharply. ‘I need to go back in. I forgot the meadowsweet.’ She frowned, looking at the jars that were tumbled at the bottom of the cart. ‘And the chamomile. Lizzie will need them.’ 
‘Maggie,’ Samuel pleaded, ‘can you not gather some more on the way.’
Maggie looked exasperated.
‘No Samuel. It would take too long to find them. And even if we did, I cannot prepare them in a cart! They need to be dried, to be ground into powder.’
‘Just let her go back,’ hissed Lizzie, aware of the loudness of the drumming hooves approaching. ‘We’re running out of time.’
Maggie flew into the cottage. The hooves stopped and Lizzie realised that the men must have reached the back wall of the little yard. She could hear them murmuring under the jangle of the horses’ harnesses. Her flesh grew cold, though it was slick with sweat. 
‘Samuel,’ she whispered, her words turning to vapour in the chill of the morning. ‘They’re here. They must be going through the yard.’
‘Then we have to leave now, Lizzie. Right now.’
‘I’m not going without Maggie. I won’t leave her.’ Lizzie began to climb down from the cart.
‘Lizzie, no, we have to go. You have to think about the baby.’ Samuel grabbed Lizzie’s arms, pushing her backwards into the cart. She struggled against him, angry tears of frustration flowing. Then a loud crash from inside the cottage stilled them both. They listened, Lizzie’s heart banging in her chest. A piercing scream tore through the silence and Lizzie gasped. Samuel let go of her arms.
‘I’ll go in, see what’s happening.’
He turned and began to walk towards the cottage door. Lizzie watched him go, not knowing whether to shout to him to stop or to be grateful that he was going to help her mother. She stared towards the cottage, now menacingly silent. Then came another crash and the sound of shouting. Lizzie could stand no more; she jumped down from the cart and entered the cottage.
At first she wondered why it was so dark, then a cloying smell hit her and she gasped for breath. In the gloom she could make out Maggie, her arms held behind her. Daniel. Two more men were ransacking the shelves, grabbing jars and bottles and throwing them into the hearth. This was where the smoke was coming from; the fire had been lit, and the herbs and plants from the jars were burning, the smoke rising in sickening clouds, the mixed aromas thickening the air. The floor was littered with broken crockery, cooking pots, tankards and ladles. There was no sign of Samuel. Daniel was grinning at her, twisting Maggie’s arms behind her back until she winced and cried out. She needed to find Samuel, needed his help. Lizzie hurried out into the yard, breathing the clean air into her lungs with relief. There she saw Samuel standing with his father. Alongside them were the minister and Constable Haynes. The sight of the constable filled Lizzie with foreboding - Samuel had been right then, his father did mean to prosecute her. She crossed the small yard to Samuel, and realised that he was crying. Ignoring the hostile stares of the men, Lizzie took his hand. He raised his blue eyes to her face, they were dull with grief.
‘My mother, Lizzie, she is dead.’
‘Dead? When, how?’
‘As if you didn’t know, girl.’ James Pendle was staring at Lizzie with hatred. She flinched under his gaze.
‘What do you mean? How could I know?’
Constable Haynes stepped forward, his face serious.
‘Master Pendle here has made some very serious accusations against you. He believes that you have bewitched his son and that you are responsible for his wife’s death.’
‘But that’s ridiculous. How could I be responsible?'
James jumped forward, grabbed Lizzie by the shoulders, his face mere inches from hers. She stared into his blue eyes, so like those of his son, except that these eyes were cold, disgusted and deranged as he stared into her face.
‘Yesterday – you saw her yesterday, on the lane.’ With each utterance he gave her a hard shake until Lizzie could feel her teeth rattling. ‘Was that when you cursed her?’
Samuel stepped forward.
‘Leave her alone, Father. Let go of her.’
But his father only clutched Lizzie more tightly, his fingers pushing into her shoulder blades, his nails digging into her skin. The constable spoke.
‘Let her go now, James. It’s best if you let me deal with this.’
‘No, I’ll deal with the little whore, she murdered my wife.’ He pulled her towards him, his breath ragged; she could feel each exhalation on her cheek, could smell the stale ale and tobacco. She struggled to pull away, pushing at his chest, pounding at it with futile blows, then Samuel reached between them, pushing at his father, pulling at his arms. The struggle resulted only in James grabbing Lizzie’s shoulders harder, until she was screaming out in pain. At her cries, Samuel raised his hand and Lizzie watched with horror as he struck his father full in the face. The older man staggered backwards, streams of thick red blood gushing from his nose. Samuel rushed to Lizzie, holding her tightly. 
‘Come Lizzie, we are leaving. I’ll not have you treated like this by anyone, even him.’
‘You can’t leave, Samuel.’ Constable Haynes said. ‘At least your wife can’t. I have no choice but to arrest her.’
Lizzie quailed, shrinking into Samuel’s arms. Arrest her? Surely the constable couldn’t believe the rantings of James Pendle. He was obviously driven mad by grief. But Haynes was striding towards her; his hands were reaching for her. She felt Samuel’s grip on her tighten and she clung to him. The constable sighed.
‘Come on now; don’t make this harder than it needs to be.’
He reached for her again, then was suddenly knocked to one side. Daniel and his two accomplices had come flying from the cottage, smoke billowing around them.
‘It’s alight, the cottage, it’s on fire,’ 
Smoke was pouring from the door, the stench of burnt herbs filling the air. 
‘Where is my mother?’ Lizzie screamed. The men were shouting at each other, unsure of what to do. Lizzie turned to Samuel. He placed a hand on her shoulder.
‘Stay here, Lizzie, I’ll get her out.’
Before she could stop him he had darted into the cottage. Her mother’s words came back to her, warning her that history would repeat itself; well, Maggie had been right. And now she was at risk of dying in the flames, and so was Samuel. Could it really be happening again? Was Lizzie going to lose everything and everyone, just the way her mother had? The thought spurred her into action. She would not stand by and watch her mother and husband burn alive. Taking a great gulp of air, she dashed into the cottage.
Lizzie walked into a wall of heat. The straw in front of the hearth was alight, the fire moving quickly. She could not hold her breath any longer and gulped at the air. Instantly she was choking, the smoke filling her lungs, making her eyes water. Where was Samuel? The flames were licking across the floor, coming closer to her. She heard a noise from the room above. Rushing over to the ladder, she saw, to her relief, two shadowy figures moving towards the opening. Maggie must climbed the ladder to get away from Daniel when the fire took hold. Samuel was leading her forwards, guiding her to the first rung. The older woman was bent over, her cloak over her face, coughing badly. Lizzie made to go to her.
‘Lizzie, no.’ Samuel too burst into a fit of coughing. Lizzie could feel the heat getting closer to her. She turned; the fire was nearer, destroying everything in its path. She saw with a pang the two stools Samuel had carved so lovingly smouldering slowly, then they burst into flames as the dry wood caught. The flames were fierce, and spreading ever nearer. Samuel was trying to climb down the narrow ladder, holding onto Maggie at the same time. Lizzie knew she had to help him; they would never get out otherwise. Ignoring his fresh protestations, she placed one foot on the bottom rung then began to climb.
‘Mother, come on, climb down, I’m right here behind you.’
Maggie looked down and Lizzie could see the panic on her face. 
‘Please,’ Lizzie struggled to speak, the smoke filling her mouth. ‘We’ll die otherwise.’
Something seemed to spark in Maggie’s eyes. She nodded and stepped on to the rung. Lizzie reached up with one arm and put it around Maggie’s waist, guiding her down. Samuel, crouching at the top of the ladder, held on to Maggie’s shoulders, steadying her. Suddenly, Lizzie saw his eyes widen. 
‘Lizzie, be careful.’
Lizzie looked down. The fire had reached the ladder. She quickened her pace, but as she moved, flames lapped at the bottom rung. Lizzie knew she had to hurry, but Maggie was moving too slowly. The flames began to take hold, flaring bright orange and red in the smoke. Lizzie gulped.
‘Mother, we have to get down, now.’
Maggie was like a dead weight. Lizzie moved faster, pulling the woman with her. She reached her foot down, terrified of the fire but not having any other choice. Then Samuel was screaming at her and she looked down to see a flame flickering at the edge of her skirts. Panicked, terrified, she jumped the last few rungs, pulling Maggie with her. They landed in a heap at the foot of the ladder, the fire burning close to Lizzie’s head. A noxious singeing in her nostrils told her that her petticoats were burning. But she could not move, Maggie’s weight was pushing her down, taking even these difficult, smoke-filled breaths from her. The singeing smell became stronger, the flames dancing towards them, closer and closer. Lizzie shifted, trying to move Maggie, and a searing pain shot through her. Suddenly she thought of the baby. She had to get out of here. Then Samuel was there, pulling Maggie to her feet, grabbing Lizzie, running for the door, and out, at last, into the fresh, sweet air, coughing and choking and terrified.
Lizzie tore at her outer petticoats, Samuel beating at the flames, until the ruined skirts lay smouldering in a heap on the ground. They turned to Maggie, who was standing, staring at the burning cottage, her eyes wide, her mouth moving, no words coming out. Her eyes were filled with confusion, huge in a face that was bright red from the heat, streaked with sweat and dirt. Here, at the front of the cottage, it was strangely quiet. The cart stood there still, the horse straining agitatedly at her bonds. 
‘They are all still in the yard,’ Samuel whispered. ‘They must think we are still inside.’
And doing nothing to help us, Lizzie thought, her mind straying again to the image of her father, lost in the flames all those years ago. Clearly, any villagers roused by the flames had made their way to the little yard, no doubt crowding in and craning their necks to see if they could spot a charred body. 
‘Come on,’ Samuel spoke urgently. ‘We can get away before they notice.’
Lizzie nodded up at him. Between them they bundled a still-dazed Maggie into the cart, Lizzie climbing up beside her. Samuel untethered the horse and jumped into the driver’s seat, quickly guiding the cart away. Lizzie sat among their few belongings, Maggie still and cold beside her. These few jars of herbs, tatty blankets and clothes were all that they had left in the world. All they had to sustain them on this journey and then in the future. She wondered what that future would hold. A strange place where she knew no-one, a new home, new people to stare and whisper. For why should it be any different there? They would have to build everything from scratch, too. Samuel would have no income, she and Maggie would have no customers, at least at first. But there was nothing here for them now either, only the threat of danger, of imprisonment, of death even. Lizzie shuddered as she thought of Susan, Jenny and Agnes, their terror on the scaffold that day, their legs jerking as they choked to death. No, they had no choice but to leave, to try and start again somewhere else, however hard that might be. As they put a safe distance between themselves and Eversley, Lizzie did not look back. She could not bear to catch a last glimpse of the place that had been her home. 
 

Chapter 9

The weather grew steadily worse as the three travelled towards Halstead. Their road would take them to the outskirts of London where they would pick up the road to Colchester. Halstead was to the north west of Colchester and Maggie had been sure that she would know which road to take when she saw it. 
As the cart trundled onwards, Lizzie spent most of her time trying to keep warm. She had a spare petticoat so had been able to replace the one that had burnt in the fire, but still the biting wind chilled her. Sometimes she walked a little way next to the horse, just to keep warm, but for the most part she huddled under the few blankets Maggie had had the presence of mind to throw onto the cart on that last morning. Maggie huddled with her, still quiet after the shock of the burning of the cottage, but each day becoming more like herself. Samuel too was quiet, driving the horse, a faraway look in his eye. Lizzie knew he grieved for his mother, but she could not bring herself to offer him any comfort on that score; all she felt was relief at the woman’s death. But at night, when the three of them took shelter under the cart, the damp cold earth seeping through the blanket they lay on, Samuel would hold her tightly, and she was glad not only of the warmth of his body but for the closeness she felt to him again, a closeness that had seemed to be lost in the last few weeks they had spent in Eversley.
They made slow progress. The road was rutted in places and the weather made the surface precarious. The mornings would often see a thick frost, the branches of the trees laced with white; the fields stretching into the distance cold and ghostly in the wavering sun, the warm tones of autumn muted by the gradual descent into winter. The road then would be slippery and Samuel would be careful to drive slowly, mindful of Lizzie shivering behind him. 
It took four days to reach the outskirts of London. The road widened out, the villages became denser, closer together. Then, late on the afternoon of the third day, the outline of the city became visible on the horizon. Samuel stopped the cart and the three sat for a while, staring ahead. 
In front of them stretched what looked like a wasteland. There were marshy fields dotted with makeshift shelters here and there, increasing in number the closer to the city they got, smoke rising from small fires. Beyond these the silhouettes of tall buildings stretched dark against the leadening sky. Samuel turned to Lizzie.
‘It is getting dark now, perhaps we should stop for the day. Find somewhere to shelter for the night.’
‘Not anywhere near here though.’ Lizzie was eyeing the fields. She did not relish the thought of spending the dark hours of the night amongst them.
‘No,’ Samuel agreed. ‘We should not go any closer. And we don’t want to be in the city itself, not at night. Only those who are looking for trouble or worse will venture out after the sun sets. Besides, how do we explain to the nightwatch what our business is if we are stopped?’
Lizzie stared at the city, trying to imagine what it would be like there, with all those other people. Among all those noises, all those smells. What would it be like to wake up in the morning and not hear the birds singing? For surely no birds ventured into that dark and gloomy place, rising like some hell on the horizon. 
‘Will we have to go there, tomorrow?’
Maggie nodded. 
‘It is the quickest way to pick up the road to Colchester. Otherwise we will have to travel round it. That will add at least another day to our journey. And I don’t think any of us want that.’
Lizzie shook her head. The city looked terrifying, but she was so weary. She wanted to get to Halstead, needed to sleep under a roof, warm and safe for a change. 
But as she tried to sleep that night, the knots in the wood of the underside of the cart as familiar to her now as those of the roof of the cottage in Eversley, she couldn’t help feel scared of the London that would greet her in the morning.

They passed by the last of the fields before the sun had risen fully. Lizzie had looked aghast on the poor souls living in those makeshift homes. Whole families sat around tiny fires, looking frozen and hungry. Not much was cooking over those flames either for there were scant few aromas of food permeating the air, and those that did were mostly so foul that Lizzie shuddered to think what was in the cooking pots. As they approached the city the sun rose, golden light illuminating those dark shadows that had seemed so forbidding yesterday. Lizzie drew in her breath as she took in the vastness of it. Samuel had visited London once before, on business with his father, and now he pointed out the landmarks that studded the horizon, breathtaking in their enormity.
‘See those four round towers there, making a square? That’s the Tower of London. That’s where they tortured Fawkes and executed all those queens of King Henry. There’s a zoo there too, with lions and bears.’ 
Lizzie looked at the white towers with a shudder. The stone gleamed in the morning light – they were beautiful. But what horrors had happened there. Samuel was pointing to a church tower rising high above the other buildings.
‘That there is St Paul’s Church. It’s spire was struck by lightning. Caused a terrible fire. They haven’t got round to sorting it yet, by the looks of things.’
Lizzie had never seen a church so big. The church in Eversley, though the biggest building in the village apart from the tavern, would be dwarfed by this. It looked more like a castle than a place of worship. 
Every now and then the strengthening sun would glint on something amidst the buildings, and, as they drew nearer, Lizzie realised that this was a great river.
‘That’s the Thames,’ Samuel told her. ‘It runs right through London. People travel on it in boats if they have far to go.’
This new world seemed stranger and stranger to Lizzie. 
‘Those buildings there on the side of the Thames, that’s Westminster, where parliament is. That’s what Fawkes was trying to blow up before they took him to the tower.’
Lizzie looked about her, trying to take it all in. They had entered the city itself now and the streets were becoming narrower the further they ventured. It was still early but the inhabitants seemed to have been awake for hours. The road beneath them gave way to cobbles and the cart bumped horrendously. Holding on to her stomach, Lizzie thought she might be sick. But she waved the thought away, and concentrated instead on the sights and sounds that were enveloping her as their small cart was swallowed up by the business of the city.
They were surrounded on both sides by buildings crammed together with hardly any space between. When there was a narrow space, Lizzie peered through and was rewarded by small glimpses of the river, that she now realised was brown, nor silver as the glints of sun had promised. In fact it was so unlike the Blackwater that she had trouble believing it was a river at all. The waters of the Blackwater sparkled, they ran clear and fresh. This river was sluggish, a fetid stench rising from its dank depths. They seemed to be travelling adjacent to its filthy waters down a road so narrow that the houses on opposite sides almost touched each other, their top windows leaning precariously overhead as if they would meet in the middle. 
The streets were filling with people, so many people that Lizzie was breathless. They hurried here and there, for the most part with their heads down, faces muffled against the cold. Stalls were set up on the road, making the passing of the cart even more difficult in some places, and it took all Samuel’s skill to manoeuvre through. Lizzie could understand now why most people used the river to get from place to place, however disgusting a trip on its murky waters might be. She turned to look at the buildings they passed. Many were dilapidated though obviously still in use. Some had signs hanging at the front displaying the trade or the goods available inside, from clock makers to seamstresses to bakers and butchers. These last two displayed their wares outside as well as in; indeed whole pigs were strung outside the butchers’ as well as a variety of dead fowl. The smell of these animals made Lizzie heave and she dreaded to think what the stench must be like in the height of summer. They continued up the narrow street for a few minutes more, then Samuel came to an abrupt halt. Lizzie looked ahead and saw that there was a crowd in front of the cart. Samuel could go no further. She stepped down, lifting her petticoats to avoid the filth on the street, for it was awash with rotting vegetation, muddy brown water and, judging from the smell, excrement, both human and animal. Stepping gingerly, she joined Samuel. He was frowning at the scene ahead. Lizzie looked to where his eyes were trained and her heart sank in her. For they were approaching a crossroads and there, where the four streets met stood a gallows. Lizzie shuddered. London was no different to anywhere else then. These people were baying for blood, for death, just like in the villages and towns of the countryside. She pulled at Samuel’s sleeve.
‘We can’t go forwards, Samuel. And I’m not staying here to witness this. We need to try and go back. Find another way.’
Samuel looked behind him and shook his head.
‘We can’t. Look, the road behind is full of people now.’
Lizzie felt panic rise in her throat. She could not witness this. 
‘I can’t stay here. I can’t watch it.’
She knew she sounded almost hysterical, knew that she was attracting the attention of those around her, but she couldn’t help herself. Samuel was looking at her desperately. Then Maggie was at her shoulder, a reassuring hand on her arm.
‘Lizzie, come back to the cart. We cannot go forwards, you can see that. We will just sit in the back of the cart and wait. Wait until it is over.’
Lizzie nodded, and let herself be guided back. She sat with Maggie, ignoring the suspicious stares of the spectators. As she sat there, she tried to fill her head with happy memories of walking on the banks of the Blackwater, of dangling her toes in the cold water. She thought of feeding the chickens at home, of their gentle clucking at her approach. She wondered what was happening to them now – whether they had managed to escape. But however much she tried to fill her mind with other things, she still heard the crowd roaring, the whistling, the jeering, the snap of the noose that accompanied the creaking of the cart’s wheels as it was pushed from under the gallows. How she wished she were at home now. She chided herself - she had no home. She belonged nowhere. Then Samuel smacked the whip, and the cart began to move slowly through the dispersing crowds that were all chattering excitedly, laughing and smiling in the cold air. They slowly trundled on, past the crossroads and Lizzie felt her heart drop at the sight of the poor man, still hanging there, his lifeless body swaying, alone.

They made good progress for the rest of that day, Samuel seemingly keen to leave the city behind. Soon the hustle and bustle and the claustrophobic closeness of the buildings gave way to green fields again, and Lizzie was relieved to be breathing fresh, sweet air. They picked up the Colchester Road and by early afternoon were well on their way to Halstead.
 The countryside here was much flatter than Lizzie was used to. The fields seemed to stretch for miles, without a hill in sight, dotted with clusters of villages and sprinkled with forests and copses. The flatness made the ride much easier and Maggie declared that they need only spend one more night under the stars before they reached Hannah Woodbury’s home.
The night was not as cold as past nights had been, but there was a dampness in the air that seemed to burrow right into Lizzie’s bones. In the early hours of the morning it began to drizzle, and by the time they were on their way once more the rain was pouring. Lizzie and Maggie huddled together, taking shelter under one of the blankets, the others covering their scant few belongings, protecting them from the worst of the rain. Lizzie began to feel rather light-headed as the day wore on and to suffer fits of shivering that made her whole body shake. When these overcame her, Maggie would take her in her arms, trying fruitlessly to warm her. As the rain continued relentlessly, lashing the flat countryside, Lizzie was sorry for admiring the landscape earlier for it afforded very little in the way of shelter. The road quickly became muddy beneath them, slowing them considerably. As dusk drew in, Maggie surveyed the darkening skies and then looked at Lizzie.
‘You are soaked through. We all are. And these blankets are not much use now either. I don’t think we can stop. It will just get colder.’ She leaned over and tapped Samuel’s shoulder. He brought the horse to a halt and glanced back.
‘Samuel, I don’t think we should make a stop this night. I do not want Lizzie sleeping on the wet ground. I fear she is developing a fever as it is. She is better off in the cart if we can keep moving.’
Samuel nodded and Lizzie felt relief wash over her. She did not like the thought of travelling on through the dark fields, but she liked the thought of the damp ground for a bed even less. Samuel clicked at the horse to start moving again and they made their way through the rain, onwards towards Halstead.
As the night wore on, the rain stopped and the sky cleared. The moon was bright in the sky and Lizzie was sure Samuel was glad of it for it helped him to ensure that he choose a safe path. But the ground was still bumpy beneath them and Lizzie was beginning to feel each individual lump, stone and ridge as the wooden wheels travelled onwards. Her head was pounding and each jolt seemed to jerk through her. Her very bones ached with cold and the damp blanket offered no relief. She was vaguely aware that Maggie was eyeing her with concern and this frightened her a little, though she was too cold and in too much discomfort to pay it much thought. Besides, there was not much her mother could do; they simply had to travel on through the arduous night and hope that the morning would bring them quickly to Hannah’s door.

Lizzie must have managed to get at least some rest for she opened her eyes onto daylight. Her head was still thumping, her mouth dry, and, though the blanket was no longer quite so wet, she was still aching.. Her legs were stiff, curled as they had been around her all night, rigid in response to the raw air. Tentatively, she stretched them out, could almost feel them creaking beneath her. The movement woke Maggie, who stretched out too, her face confused for a second, and then clearing. 
Lizzie looked over to where Samuel was still driving the cart and saw that his shoulders were slumped with weariness. How he had managed to keep going through those long hours, Lizzie had no idea. 
‘Samuel.’ Her voice was a mere croak.
Samuel glanced behind him at the sound of her voice, his face exhausted. His eyes were red, smudged with dark circles, but he managed to smile at her. 
‘Not long now, Lizzie. We took the Halstead road just as the sun was rising, so we should be there shortly.’
Lizzie nodded and sank back down into the cart. The pain in her head was becoming almost unbearable. There was a pressure behind her eyes and she rested her hand over them now, caressing the bridge of her nose with her forefingers, trying desperately to find some relief. Maggie placed a cool hand on her forehead.
‘Lizzie, you’re burning up, my love.’ Lizzie looked at her mother, confused. How could she be burning when she felt so cold?
Maggie sighed.
‘I’ll get Samuel to stop for a while, get you something to drink.’
Lizzie started to shake her head in protest, but the effort was too much, and sent stars dancing in front of her closed eyelids. A wave of nausea swept over her. She made to sit up, then was thrown backwards by the sudden stopping of the cart. She could hear Samuel cursing.
‘We’ve hit a rock. Can’t believe I didn’t see it.’
Lizzie opened her eyes against the weak sunlight. She could feel the movement of Samuel jumping down form the cart, could feel him kicking the wheel to the front right, then heard him curse again.
‘Whole thing’s buckled. I don’t think I can fix it.’
Maggie scrambled awkwardly down to stand at his side. 
‘That looks beyond help, Samuel.’
Lizzie strained to look down at her husband and mother. Maggie had a hand shielding her eyes, looking out over the horizon.
‘I don’t think it is far from here. From what I remember the village is just the other side of those trees – the ones there on the right. Can you see?’
Samuel nodded.
‘And Hannah lived in a little clearing just by those trees. She liked to be away from the village. I think we can walk it.’
She turned, looked at Lizzie, white-faced in the cart.
‘Although, I’m not sure Lizzie can. She’ll have to go on the horse. Lizzie, can you mange that?’
Lizzie looked up at her mother. Maggie seemed to waver from side to side and Lizzie had trouble focussing on her face. But she forced herself to nod.
Samuel was shaking his head.
‘I don’t know, Lizzie. You look dreadful. Perhaps I should go on ahead. Bring back some help.’
‘No.’ said Maggie firmly. ‘We don’t want to attract any attention. We need to just get to Hannah’s and rest for a while. Then we can deal with other people.’
‘I’ll be fine, Samuel, honestly,’ Lizzie words were hardly more than a whisper. The thought of sitting here in the cold, waiting for Samuel to come back, was horrible. She just had to get to Hannah’s. Had to be somewhere warm and dry.
She pulled herself to her feet, trying to ignore the shooting pains in her arms and legs, the shivering in her limbs, the pounding of her head. She was grateful to step into Samuel’s strong arms, and she rested there a while, leaning on him for support. 
‘Lizzie, are you really sure about this?’
‘Yes.’ She wished he would stop asking her. She didn’t want to speak. She just wanted to be on the horse, be on her way to shelter. 
Samuel lifted her onto the smooth broad back of the horse, and secured her there with a length of coarse rope. She leaned forward, resting her head on the beast’s soft mane. Behind her, Maggie and Samuel loaded blankets and clothes; they would come back later to collect the rest of their poor possessions. Samuel took the bridle and they began to move forward.
The horse seemed to sense the importance of her cargo, for her tread was gentle. Even so, each step shuddered through Lizzie’s exhausted body. Her bones clashed against each other, her flesh felt bruised and tender. She closed her eyes against the light that sent small daggers of pain into her head. She rested her head against the horse’s neck, red and purple dots dancing in front of her. Every now and then she felt small moments of peace, as her body surrendered consciousness. She must have been in this state when they eventually arrived at Hannah’s humble home, for she was only vaguely aware of being lifted form the horse and carried into a room full of comforting aromas, kind voices and, most precious of all, warmth.
 

Chapter 10

Lizzie awoke to the familiar cool touch of her mother’s hand on her forehead. Maggie was smiling down at her. 
‘How are you feeling today, my lovely?’
Lizzie struggled to sit up, her breath ragged as she did so, but the pressure on her bladder made her desperate as it did every morning. Maggie lifted her slightly and passed her the pot.
I’ll be back in a little while with some chamomile.’
Lizzie nodded and waited for her mother to pull the drape across, before she relieved herself. Then she sank back down onto the straw mattress, her heart pounding with the effort. The spot where Samuel slept was still warm and Lizzie placed one hand there and the other on her endlessly growing stomach. The baby was due any day now and she was so glad that they were finally in their own home.
They had not settled in Halstead. While Lizzie was gaining some strength, Maggie and Samuel had found a tiny cottage to rent in the nearby village of Coggeshall. Maggie did not want to take any business from Hannah, and Coggeshall had no cunning women, only one midwife, who Hannah had heard was not very proficient. So, a month ago they had moved their belongings here on the now mended cart. Maggie and Samuel had worked hard to make it a home, and with the fire lit and the cauldron bubbling, it was cosy, if even smaller than their home in Eversley. There was no upstairs room; Samuel and Lizzie slept in this curtained-off area while Maggie took the settle by the fire. What would happen when the baby came, Lizzie didn’t know, but she hoped that Samuel would soon find work and that they may eventually find somewhere with more space.
Lizzie had been unable to help with moving to the new house as the illness that had struck her on her journey here had not yet passed completely. She felt weak a lot of the time although Hannah and Maggie had nursed her to the best of their abilities, and she knew from their concerned faces that she had been lucky to survive. 
She could hear Samuel now, working away in the tiny yard. He was building a house for their new chickens. Maggie had just had her first success; she had provided a local woman, Agnes Halliday, with some meadowsweet to help her with the terrible heartburn that was plaguing her pregnancy. In return the woman’s grateful husband had promised them two chickens and a rooster. It was a generous gift, but the woman had been suffering so much and eating so little that her husband was in fear for her life. Coggeshall’s resident midwife, Annie Everard, had apparently tried everything, with no luck, and the Hallidays seemed rather in awe of Maggie. As they should be, Lizzie thought, for she was a wonderful healer, if only people would trust her and let her help. 
Maggie came back through the drapes now, clutching the draught of chamomile. Lizzie took it gratefully, enjoying the soothing taste. Once Maggie had seen to the pot, she sat next to Lizzie, taking the girl’s hand in hers.
‘You’re looking rather pale again today. You must try to eat some breakfast this morning. Did you sleep well?’
Lizzie nodded, swallowing the truth that had risen to her lips. For she had not slept well. In fact she could not remember the last time she had enjoyed a decent rest. Most nights, like last night, she lay awake for hours after Samuel had drifted off, and Maggie’s gentle snores came through the drapes. Then she would fall into a deep, troubled sleep just as the sun rose, only to wake again a scant hour or two later, feeling unrefreshed and fuzzy headed. 
That exhaustion would stay with her throughout the day, and she hardly ever managed to leave the cottage. Occasionally she would poke her head outside to see what Samuel was doing, or she might even sit by the fireside for a while and attempt some mending. But those days were becoming fewer in number, and, although Maggie tried to reassure her, Lizzie knew that it wasn’t just the late stage of her pregnancy making her tired; after all, she had known plenty of women that worked in the fields up until the moment they gave birth.
‘Can I get you some pottage, Lizzie?’
Lizzie shook her head. The thought of any food made her feel like vomiting. She could usually manage something in the afternoons and occasionally a few mouthfuls of the evening meal, but in the mornings she couldn’t generally stomach anything.
‘You should really try. You are awfully pale.’
‘Please, stop fussing. I’m fine.’
‘You need to think about the baby.’
Lizzie frowned.
‘But the baby will be fine. The amount of kicking it does, I’m sure it’s strong.’
She put her hand down to her stomach and let it rest there waiting for the familiar movement, Maggie sitting beside her, stroking her hair gently.  After a few minutes, Lizzie turned to her mother.
‘Do you think something’s wrong? Normally the baby moves all the time. But it hasn’t moved at all while I’ve been laying here.’
Maggie placed her hand on Lizzie’s stomach, her face thoughtful.
‘Well, you know, it is quite normal for the baby to quieten a little, just before it is born. It may mean that your child is on its way.’
Lizzie gasped. Of course she knew this day would come, that she would hold her baby in her arms, but now that it actually might be happening, she was filled with anxiety.
‘But I’ve had no pain, Mother. Nothing. Surely there will be more warning?’
Maggie stood. 
‘Everyone is different. You should know that. Now, like I said, it’s normal for the baby to be quieter, but it still should move sometimes. Let’s get you up and moving. That should wake him up.’
‘Or her,’ Lizzie chided gently.
Maggie smiled. ‘Indeed. Or her.’
Lizzie lent on her mother’s arm and lifted her bulk from the pallet. As she did so, a sharp pain stabbed through her, from her diaphragm down to her bladder. She winced.
‘What is it?’
Lizzie made to answer, but the words were knocked from her by another pain that bent her double. Maggie placed an arm around her shoulder, while Lizzie caught her breath.
‘There now, Lizzie, what did I tell you? I think the baby may well be coming. Just stay here while I go and start getting things ready. I want everything to be just fine for you.’ 
Lizzie nodded, then lay back down on the pallet, placing a hand on her stomach as her mother bustled away.
‘Please, baby, please,’ she muttered under her breath. ‘Come on, show me you’re alright.’
She waited, eyes closed, hand on her belly, willing and waiting, her heart thumping. Nothing happened. Lizzie could feel tears welling up. Was it all for nothing? The struggle to get here? The sickness, the worry? And then it came. So slight, she thought for a moment she had imagined it. But no, it happened again, a slight flutter under her fingers. Lizzie could have wept with relief.
‘What are you smiling at?’
Maggie was back, her face softening at the smile Lizzie gave her. 
‘It moved, Mother, the baby moved.’
Maggie beamed.
‘There, I told you it would be fine.’
Lizzie struggled to sit up, bracing herself for more pain. But when none came she turned to Maggie. 
‘I think I may get up.’
Maggie’s brow furrowed with concern.
‘Are you sure now?’
Lizzie nodded, and shifted her weight to the edge of the pallet, swinging her legs over the side. She shivered for a second as the chilly air of the cottage touched her bare legs.
‘Come and sit by the fire,’ Maggie said. ‘Perhaps you’ll even feel like eating something.’
Supported by her mother’s capable arms, Lizzie slowly made her way the short distance to the settle. Just as she was about to sit down, another, smaller pain caused her to wince and then a great gush of water poured down her thighs, splashing into the clean straw of the cottage floor. Stricken, she tried to squeeze her thighs together, to stop the flow. Maggie was beside her.
‘Your waters have come, Lizzie, the baby is on its way.’
Lizzie looked at Maggie with fear. It was happening then, she was actually going to have this baby. For a second, panic clouded her mind. She couldn’t do it, she couldn’t go through that. She had been at enough births herself to know all about the pain. She had held women screaming in agony as contractions tore through them, had witnessed them tearing and bleeding as their babies had come rushing into the world. Or lying there, slack and barely conscious as she and Maggie had pulled their children from them, a savage and brutal start to life for one and the end of it for the other, for she had seen them die too, passive and defeated, or writhing and sweating in their last agony filled moments. She felt sick with the fear of it, of what might happen to her.
‘I can’t do it, I can’t.’ She clutched at her mother with beseeching, clammy hands. ‘Please don’t make me do this.’
‘I’m not making you do this. But you have to do it. You have to. Try not to be afraid. Yes, it will hurt, I can’t lie to you about that, you’ve seen it yourself. But it is a natural pain. It is not an illness or a disease; it is just how it is for us. We must bear it. And you will bear it, and at the end of it you will hold your child. I promise you, I will keep you safe.’
Lizzie held her mother’s gaze for a moment, trying to steady her breathing, to calm herself. 
‘Come on, my lovely. Let’s get you settled. Then I’ll clear up this wet straw. Oh, and I had better let that husband of yours know too. Though he will be of little use. He’s best off carrying on with that hen house.’ She smiled brightly at Lizzie, and Lizzie felt some small comfort, allowing herself to be guided back to her pallet, where she sat and waited for the pain to begin.

Lizzie screamed as the latest contraction ripped through her. They were coming thick and fast now, with barely any respite between them. At first the pains were sharp but bearable; it had felt as though someone was squeezing her insides, kneading at them with narrow, sharp fingers. It had hurt, yes, but she had even been able to speak to Samuel when he had appeared, red-faced and terrified at the cottage door. Maggie had shooed him away, but he had kissed Lizzie gently on the forehead before he had left, told her how much he loved her. She could hear him still, banging about in the yard as she held her breath, fearing the next pain. For the pain had grown steadily worse, as she had known it would. Now those same cruel fingers were vice-like, crushing her, wrenching her to pieces. And each respite was marred by the horrible truth that another, perhaps worse, seizing would soon come. Maggie had given her a tincture of buttercup, to try and ease her suffering, but Lizzie knew that the effects could only be minimal. She had to withstand this, however excruciating it became.
The room was intolerably hot, the fire roaring in the grate. Sweat slicked down Lizzie’s face; she was sticky with it. She could feel moisture running down her back, pooling between her breasts, slithering across her thighs. Her throat was parched, sore from screaming and dry from the heat. Maggie came over to her, a damp scrap of clean linen in her hand. Lizzie closed her eyes as he mother mopped her brow, then wiped the cool cloth around her face, shoulders and the top of her back.
‘Do you think you can sit up?’
Lizzie shook her head, the movement sending flashes of light across her eyes, making her temples throb.
‘Lizzie, listen to me. It will help if you can sit up. If you can get to the chair. If you are upright, then you will birth the baby more easily.’
Lizzie knew that this was the best thing to do – lying down made it harder for the baby to pass through the birth canal. She and Maggie always encouraged women to sit in a chair or on a stool, supporting them as they pushed, Lizzie often, as the smallest, having to duck down and catch the baby to prevent its head being smashed onto the floor. They only allowed women to give birth lying down if they were too weak to sit up. The irony was that this often made the birth more difficult and caused more trouble for the woman. Lizzie nodded weakly. She wanted this done as soon as possible. 
‘Are you strong enough to lean on me? Otherwise I can get Samuel in to help.’
Lizzie shook her head vehemently, regretting the action instantly as pain exploded across her temples. She could not let Samuel see her like this. No, she could manage to walk to the chair. If she took it slowly. Maggie pursed her lips, and then reached an arm underneath Lizzie. Lizzie wrapped her own arms around Maggie’s neck and her mother pulled her upwards. Lizzie managed to manoeuvre her feet to the floor, the straw prickly under her bare feet. Then another, more painful, contraction wrenched at her, and she squeezed her fingers into Maggie’s arm, causing the woman to cry out herself.
‘Breathe, Lizzie, nice and slow. It will pass, it will pass.’
Her mother’s voice was soothing and Lizzie clung to the sound of it, focussing on the air rising and falling in her lungs. Then the pain subsided, and Lizzie fell into her mother’s embrace, tears of fear and frustration dampening her already sweat-streaked cheeks.
‘We need to get you up, Lizzie. The way these contractions are coming we don’t have much time. The baby will be here soon.’
Lizzie caught her breath. It hardly seemed real. She had been so caught up in the agony, fearing each next bloom of pain, that she had not thought of the baby. But soon she would hold her child in her arms. She would see the child that she had been talking to, singing to, dreaming of through these past difficult few months. She felt a sudden rush of love, almost choking in its intensity and a flutter of excitement in her aching stomach. She hauled herself to her feet, leant heavily on Maggie, and took a tentative step forward.

Lizzie wondered for a moment why she was lying on the straw. Sharp strands of it were digging into her face. She could see the hearth from here, the dull stone wavering with dancing shadows from the high flames that flickered above it. There were two pairs of boots close to her head, one pair small, neat and tidy, tied precisely; the others large, covered in sawdust, laces askew. The boots wavered in her line of vision for a few seconds then one pair vanished. She felt a cool hand on her face, and twisted her head to look up into her mother’s face. Maggie’s lips were moving, but Lizzie could not hear her. Then Samuel’s dear face appeared. What could have happened to make him look so terrified? He was holding his hat in his hands, scrunching the brim. He shouldn’t do that, it would be ruined. Lizzie opened her mouth to warn him, but found she couldn’t speak. Samuel was crouching down next to her. That was better, she could see him more clearly now. Was he crying? Why would he be crying? Didn’t he realise their baby would be here soon? Alice. That was their baby’s name. For she was a girl, Lizzie knew. A daughter. Lizzie couldn’t wait to see her. But first there was something she must do, she knew, but she couldn’t think what that was. Her mind fogged over for a moment and all she was aware of was the prickling of the straw at her face, irritating her skin. She moved her head agitatedly away, then remembered. She was supposed to be going to sit in the chair, to have her baby. So why was she on the floor? That couldn’t be right. She looked up again at her mother and at Samuel. They were talking to each other. Then they moved round to her head. Lizzie felt a hand grip her under her arm, first on one side, then on the other. Then she was being lifted up. Her body bent forward and another searing pain broke through her, making her cry out at last. Her arms flailed, she was aware of her fist making contact with something soft, then the gripping sensation eased and she rested her head back down. The straw didn’t seem so prickly now, perhaps she would just stay here, with the straw beneath her head.
Her mother and Samuel were still talking. Why was Samuel here anyway? She did not want him to see her give birth. It was not proper. Why didn’t Maggie tell him to leave.? She would tell him. She gathered up her strength and tried to force his name from her lips. 
‘Samuel.’ It was barely a whisper, but Samuel heard for he came rushing to her side, kneeling in the straw, his hand on her face.
‘What is it, Lizzie? Tell me.’
Lizzie tried to speak again, but her words were torn away by yet another terrible pain. It took her breath from her with its intensity and she suddenly felt an intolerable need to bear down, to push the baby from her. Maggie was there, her voice clear in the heat of the room.
‘You need to push. As hard as you can.’
Lizzie did so, for she had no choice. The urge was overwhelming, unquestionable. She screamed with the effort of it, then lay back, breathless, sweating, exhausted.
The relief was brief. Another searing contraction, another push, and then again, and again until Lizzie felt that she must have expelled her guts, but no baby had come yet. She began to grow agitated. Would this ever be over? She was so hot. Why did the fire keep burning? Suddenly she was consumed with a fierce longing to be by the Blackwater, her toes in the cool mud, the water trickling between them, soothing her. Samuel would be sitting beside her, his toes next to hers, shimmering in the glistening water. The sun would be hot, just like this fire, but they would find relief in that cool, cool water. She wondered briefly about the river here. It was the Blackwater too. She had not seen it yet, had not been strong enough. She would go there soon, would take Alice with her. With her and Samuel. All three would dangle their feet. She had a clear picture of it suddenly, Samuel’s big hairy feet, his toes chunky and solid, then hers, delicate, white and slim. And in between, tiny toes, perfect and pink. Alice. When would Alice be here? It was taking so long.
The pain came again, ripping away the image of her family, of the river. She pushed again, then, as the pain subsided, saw Maggie smile.
‘I can see the head, Lizzie. She’s almost here.’
Lizzie gasped. She turned to Samuel who was at her shoulder, holding her hand, stroking the skin. He had tears running down his face. Then Lizzie was screaming and straining, pushing through the agony as their daughter, finally, slid into the world. With that final push the world exploded before Lizzie’s eyes, and she sank back, bewildered, into Samuel’s arms.
Lizzie was dimly aware of the sound of the baby crying, then she was being propped up on the floor, a bolster behind her head. Maggie was kneeling next to her, a bundle in her arms. Lizzie looked at her mother, and then managed a thin smile. Samuel placed an arm around Lizzie’s shoulders and she leaned into him, then Maggie placed the baby in her arms. Lizzie looked down at her child.
She was perfect. Her face was red and puckered, her eyes scrunched up against the unfamiliar light. Her head was covered in a mop of curly brown hair, wet and slick still, matted with blood. But she was perfect. Lizzie bent down, her head throbbing at the motion, and placed a gentle kiss on her daughter’s head.
‘Alice,’ the words were a croak. The baby opened her eyes and stared up at her mother, and Lizzie caught her breath. She was captivated by those eyes, unaware that Maggie was at her feet, pushing her legs up and apart. She was only vaguely aware of a niggling soreness and pain, and a dampness around her thighs. She held on to Alice, focussing on those blue eyes, everything around them growing fuzzy, and fading. She could hear her mother’s voice, shouting something at Samuel. There was a panic in those words, an urgency that registered at some level, but their meaning seemed to float from Lizzie, to flutter just beyond her grasp. Samuel was moving, placing her head gently on the bolster. The baby lay at her breast, her head resting at the nape of Lizzie’s neck. Lizzie let her head drop, nestled her face against the baby’s bloody head. She breathed in. Under the metallic tang of the blood, she could smell her daughter. She wanted to tell her things, but she couldn’t seem to get the words out. A slight stir of fear twisted in her gut. She needed to tell Alice things. She needed to tell her things now. Maggie and Samuel were shouting. She could just see Maggie’s head, and her arms then, as she pointed at something on the shelves, gesturing for Samuel to pass it to her. Her arms were red, Lizzie noticed. Red right up to the elbow. Was that her blood? She shivered, then looked down at Alice again. It didn’t matter. She had her baby. She would sleep now, with Alice here, curled on her chest. She closed her eyes. 
‘No, Lizzie, don’t sleep.’
Samuel was shouting the words in her face. The baby began to whimper. Lizzie struggled to open her eyes, Samuel swum into view. He shouldn’t shout like that, shouldn’t frighten the baby. 
‘Lizzie, please, keep your eyes open. Talk to me, Lizzie.’
She tried to smile. Did he not understand? She was so tired. She would just sleep for a little while, then she would talk to him. She began to close her eyes again.
‘Lizzie, Lizzie, no, please.’ Again she fluttered her lids apart, but it was hard to focus. She made a huge effort and Samuel was there, his face looked odd though, red-eyed and puckered from crying, just like the baby’s. Then his hand was at her forehead, stroking the scarred skin there, a look of such tenderness in his eyes that Lizzie wanted to cry too.
‘I’ll look after her, Lizzie, I promise. I’ll look after Alice for you.’
Lizzie smiled faintly. Of course he would look after Alice. She knew he would. She didn’t know why he was crying. She was so exhausted. The wetness below her was sticky and clammy; it seemed to be completely underneath her now. She could feel it on her back, her thighs, her legs. It was making her cold. In fact she was shivering. She wished Maggie would clean it up. She would just sleep a while, sleep with Alice here on her chest, and when she woke up she would be clean and dry and warm. Holding her daughter close, Lizzie smiled again at Samuel and then closed her eyes, letting the darkness soothe her to sleep.

*****



‘Blackwater’ is the prequel to Alison’s full length novel ‘The Black Hours’, available now:
 
1647 and England is in the grip of civil war. In the ensuing chaos, fear and suspicion are rife and anyone on the fringes of society can find themselves under suspicion. Matthew Hopkins, self -styled Witchfinder General, scours the countryside, seeking out those he believes to be in league with the Devil. In the small village of Coggeshall, 17–year-old Alice Pendle finds herself at the centre of gossip and speculation. Will she survive when the Witchfinder himself is summoned?
A tale of persecution, superstition, hate and love, ‘The Black Hours’ mixes fact with fiction in a gripping fast-paced drama that follows the story of Alice as she is thrown into a world of fear and confusion, and of Matthew, a man driven by his beliefs to commit dreadful acts in the name of religion. 

Read on for the first chapter of ‘The Black Hours’.


Chapter 1

Alice pulled her cloak tightly around her as she pushed her way through the crowds. The gruesome shadow of the gallows loomed ahead, five rope nooses creaking in the bitter wind that whipped through Halstead’s bustling square. She wanted only to escape these people who knocked against her, surrounding her with their noise and smells. It had been a hard two days walk from Coggeshall in the biting cold and she was looking forward to the warmth and refreshment she would no doubt receive in Hannah’s home. 
Around her vendors called their wares, children laughed or cried in excitement; women giggled and gossiped with each other, their breath cloudy in the freezing air, pausing now and then to slap their unruly offspring. Men told raucous jokes and drank toasts of warm ale, their voices rising above the howl of the wind.
‘It’ll be a good one today.’
‘That it will. Wish I’d got here earlier. Might’ve got a seat inside.’
Alice swallowed, her heart beating faster. This was not an execution then; indeed the accused had not yet stood trial. The nooses swayed as she passed by the gallows. Alice shivered as she imagined the poor souls that would soon dangle from those cruel ropes. She quickened her step, filled with a need to get to the safety and quiet of Hannah’s cottage. 
She had not been to Halstead since the previous summer. The months since had been full of worry. Her father, Samuel, had taken ill, gripped by a cough that left him gasping for breath, his eyes wide with a fear that turned Alice cold. The harsh, long winter had only made him worse, and Alice and her grandmother Maggie were becoming desperate. Although skilled in the use of herbs and plants, nothing Maggie had given to Samuel had made a difference. Eventually they had been left with no choice but to seek the help of Hannah Woodbury, an old friend of her grandmother’s. Maggie had known the wise woman nearly all her life, and had a high regard for her ability to cure ailments when all other remedies had failed. However, the two women had not been in contact for the past year. Alice had thought it was because of an argument, but as Maggie had packed her a basket of food to take on her journey, her eyes had been fearful.
‘Take care when you get to Halstead, Alice. Mind you speak to no-one. The fewer people that know you seek Hannah, the better.’
Alice had looked at her grandmother questioningly. Maggie had hesitated, then pursed her lips.
‘These are difficult times, Alice. There is so much suspicion.’ 
A series of wracking coughs from the bundle of blankets in the corner of the cottage had sent Maggie rushing to Samuel’s side. Despite her fear, Alice had smiled at her grandmother. She had to do something to help her father.
‘I will be fine, Grandmother. Do not worry. Besides, if Hannah knows how to help Father, then I have no choice.’
Now, as she finally made her way out of the crowds, Alice felt that fear again. She took a small, overgrown path that was sheltered from the icy wind by a row of scrabbling crab apple trees. The ground was slippery underfoot, the mud frozen around clusters of sharp stones that Alice could feel through the thin soles of her boots. The bare branches of dogwood and hawthorn snagged in her skirts, catching on her cloak as she left the noise of the square further behind. Hannah liked to keep a distance from others, choosing to live in a tiny cottage on the edge of some scrubland on the very outskirts of the town. Alice could understand why. More than once the old woman had been blamed for the bad luck, bad weather and disease that periodically caused death and destruction among the townsfolk. But Alice was sure that whenever those same people needed something, some curative for an affliction, a draught of herbs to see off an infection, or a potion to restore or relieve, they would turn to Hannah, conveniently forgetting the names they had whispered as she had passed them in the street, or the doors they had slammed in her face when times were hard and she was in need herself. And Alice was sure that Maggie had suffered the same way, though she tried to hide it, knew that it worried her as she watched Alice grow and learn about the powers of the plants that grew around them. 
It was silent as she walked on, the cold having driven any creatures to ground. All Alice could hear was her own footsteps as her boots struck the solid earth and the relentless whistle of the wind. The path became more and more overgrown, and she was forced to push her way through the branches, the sleeve of her cloak wrapped over her hand to protect her from the thorns. It was as if no-one had passed this way for weeks. Through the silence came the distant sound of knocking. Alice paused for a moment, the cold catching at her throat, and listened carefully. There was definitely some sort of rhythmic thumping ahead of her. Puzzled, she pushed on, the noise becoming louder with each step. At last the branches grew thinner and she eventually stepped free; Hannah’s cottage standing alone in front of her. 
It looked more run down than she remembered; the thatch was patchy in places, ivy straggled thin woody stems across the grimy walls and the door swung haphazardly on its hinges. This explained the knocking then, the door thumping back and forth in the wind. It was not like Hannah to leave her home open like this, vulnerable not only to the cold winds. No smoke billowed from the chimney either. Surely Hannah was at home? After all, she would not be in the town; she was not one to attend such horrible gatherings. Apprehension gripped Alice – no smoke meant no fire in the grate; perhaps Hannah was ill?
Cautiously she approached the cottage, her breathing heavy, fear combined with the cold clutching at her chest with each intake. The door continued to bang. As she drew nearer, Alice saw that only one hinge held the heavy door to the frame; the other was twisted, hanging from a single rusty nail. A boot-sized dent had caused the lower half of the door to buckle, the wood broken and splintering at the edges. Tentatively, Alice pushed against the upper half and the door flew inwards, into the darkness beyond. For a second Alice was taken aback by the stench. The air was musty despite the cold and was under laid by a fetidness that enveloped her, a closeness that made it even harder to breathe. It was as if a brimming pot had been left to stand for days. But Hannah was clean, scrupulous even, despite her poverty. Perhaps she was ill then, or worse.
‘Hannah, Hannah, are you there?’ 
Alice’s voice sounded too loud in the silence. There was no reply, only the howl of the wind in her ears. 
‘Hannah, it’s Alice. Alice Pendle.’
Still silence. Grasping her cloak tighter, Alice stepped over the threshold. It was dark inside the cottage, no candle was lit, and the odour was stronger. Wrinkling her nose, Alice waited for her eyes to adjust. The door slammed behind her and then continued its banging, the hinge creaking in time. She turned and wedged her basket in the gap, relishing the quiet for a moment. Once used to the dimness, Alice could see that the room was in turmoil. Furniture was overturned and smashed. Jars lay broken on the floor. A few scraps of what looked like Hannah’s clothing were piled on the hearth, charred and singed. Someone had tried to start a fire with them – but who would do such a thing? Alice picked up a handful of the blackened remains, shaking her head in confusion, suddenly very afraid. Something dreadful had happened here. 
Moving over to the cottage’s one window, Alice opened the shutter. It was thick with dust and cobwebs. Weak sunlight crept in, filtering through the waxy ivy leaves that clustered outside, revealing the full devastation in an eerie green glow. Alice looked around in horror. The floor was bare of straw and filthy. Looking more closely, Alice shuddered. There were dark marks on the floor, streaks of something she couldn’t make out. The marks ran from one side of the cottage to the other, like filthy ribbons, as if something had been dragged from side to side, over and over. These dark swathes were marked intermittently by other stains; from the smell Alice guessed these were urine, and something worse. What had happened here?
A sudden creak at the door made Alice jump. She turned to see a hunched figure swathed in a tattered dark cloak creeping into the cottage.
‘Hannah, thank goodness. I was frightened for you.’
There was no reply. Alice moved forwards, smiling in her relief. Thin white hands, almost luminous in the poor light, crept upwards, and the hood of the cloak was pulled back. Alice gasped as a terrible face was revealed. For a moment she thought it a skull with its bone-white skin and shrunken eyes. The face made a smile in return, black with rotted teeth. 
‘Looking for Hannah are you then?’
Despite her fear, Alice nodded. The stranger nodded in return.
‘Well, you’ll not find her here.’
Alice gulped, regarding this strange figure. It was a woman, she realised, a woman of many years, ancient even. But she was smiling at Alice at least. Alice drew nearer.
‘Where might I find her?’
The woman shook her head vigorously, drawing away from Alice, towards the door of the cottage. Alice put out a hand to stop her, gripping the rough cloth of the woman’s cloak above her shoulder. She could feel the hard knot of bone beneath. The woman tried to shrug Alice off, the deep set eyes widening in terror. Alice forced a smile, tried to appear friendly and calm despite her thumping heart.
‘Please, I must see Hannah. My father, he is ill, I need some remedy for him.’ 
The woman hissed. ‘Shhh, now. Don’t speak of what you look for.’
Alice dropped her hand tentatively, releasing the shoulder, terrified that the woman would make an escape. But the woman merely straightened her cloak with a scrawny hand, her eyes bright, almost feverish as she glanced hurriedly about her. 
‘It’s not safe here.’
Alice frowned. ‘Why? Where is Hannah? What has happened here? I must know.’
 ‘Where have you come from? You’re not from Halstead, or I’d know you.’
‘No, I’ve travelled here from Coggeshall. I’ve come to ask for…’
‘Shhh, did I not tell you not to speak of it? These are dangerous times, dangerous. Even with the trial today and it nearly all over, God help ‘em.’
She glanced about her again, her head bobbing on her sinewy neck. ‘You never know who’s listening.’
Alice frowned. There was no-one anywhere near. ‘What should I be frightened of? Please, tell me where Hannah is.’
The woman drew closer, her eyes darting around still. Finally, as though satisfied with something, she gazed at Alice, her mouth pursed. Then she reached out one of her bony hands and gripped Alice’s wrist. Alice suppressed a shudder; the touch was icy cold, like death itself.
‘I’ll tell you. But don’t say anything to anyone. And don’t say you saw me here. I mean it now.’ 
The woman’s face was terrifying. Alice nodded hurriedly and her arm was released. The woman drew her cloak around her as if seeking solace in its folds.
‘Poor Hannah. She is beyond help. They arrested her you see. Because of Samuel Potts.’
Alice felt fear squeeze her, a jumping in her stomach that made her nauseous. 
‘Arrested? What for?’
The woman paused, looking around the room with a deep sadness in her strange eyes. She reached down and picked up a piece of broken earthenware, smooth and brown on one side with the richness of the clay from which it had been formed, sticky and black on the other with the residue of some potion that had long since ebbed away. 
‘Samuel Potts’ boy died. Very young he was. Potts blames Hannah. Says she is a witch.’
Alice’s breath almost stopped. That word. It had the power to silence even her grandmother. A dangerous word it was, often fatal.
‘Tortured she was. By the Witchfinder. Treated so badly she named others. They stand trial today.’
Alice felt her stomach lurch as the realisation hit her like a blow. The crowds. The dangling nooses. One of those ropes was waiting for Hannah’s neck. 
Her companion was nodding.
‘You’ve seen the square then? Not even had the trial yet and the gallows is there in place to greet them when they come from the castle. Ready and waiting for them.’
‘Who is this Witchfinder?’ Alice’s voice was shaking.
‘You not heard of him? Matthew Hopkins is his name.’ The woman spat on the dirt floor. ‘He’s in Halstead today. For the trial.’ 


Matthew could feel the townsfolk’s eyes upon him as he strode into the meeting house. The few villagers that had arrived early enough to secure a place inside had squeezed on to benches or stood against the walls. Matthew took his seat as John Buckley, the presiding magistrate, swept into the room. 
From outside came the rattle of wooden wheels on cobbles and the baying of the crowd began. The prisoners had arrived.
They shuffled in, sorry, ragged shadows, and, as one, the men of the court raised handkerchiefs to their mouths and noses, to stifle the horrific stench emanating from the sickly, unwashed bodies. One of the prisoners, a young woman Matthew remembered as Susan Adams, began to wail. 
‘Oh God, help me. I have done nothing, nothing, I swear. Please, please God, help me.’
‘Silence woman.’ Buckley’s voice was strident and the terrified woman stopped, then fell to her knees, rocking back and forth, sobbing silently. Some of the remaining prisoners watched with stricken faces. Others stood, heads bowed, all fight gone, eyes downcast.
Hannah Woodbury was called to the front first and stood cowering in front of the magistrates. Buckley, large and florid, peered impatiently down from his raised bench.
‘Woodbury, you are accused of horrible crimes to which you have confessed. You have said that you possess several imps and that these were given to you by Satan himself. You are accused of using the foul arts of Satan to commit several crimes including that most severe offence of murder. What do you say to this?’
The woman raised her head briefly, her dead eyes squinting up at the magistrate. She opened her dry lips to speak, but words seemed to fail her. Matthew had met with this silence, this stubbornness, during her interrogation. He was pleased to observe that Buckley had no patience with her – indeed he was slapping the bench, clearly irritated.
‘Nothing? You have nothing to say? Do you not realise how serious this is?’
Still Woodbury gave no response. Buckley sighed impatiently.
‘Very well then. Seeing as you have nothing to say we’ll call our first witness. Is Yeoman Potts here?’
The crowd murmured as a tall, skinny man with a pock-marked face stood and strode to the bench. Matthew remembered Potts well. His resentment and righteous anger had been heartening to witness. It would be interesting to see how he responded to Buckley’s forthright questioning.
‘You say that you have a grievance against Woodbury. What are your accusations?’
Potts glared at the woman, who continued to observe her feet. He held his hat in his hands, turning it as he began his tale. 
‘She has lived near me for years. Always she has been a strange one. She’s known to be the one to go to if you need anything. Medicines, potions, that sort of thing.’
Matthew pursed his lips. How he despised these superstitions. They were dangerous, he knew, leading the innocent into the path of Satan himself. Potts continued.
‘She has been poor, but it’s no excuse.’ He paused and licked his lips, his ears turning red. ‘As I say, it’s no excuse.’
‘No excuse for what, man?’ Matthew could sense Buckley’s exasperation. He willed him to patience; sometimes it was necessary to take these matters slowly. True, there were ten cases to hear, but it was vital that each of the aggrieved was allowed time to speak.
‘She came to my house one day last November. Freezing it was, so at first the maid wouldn’t answer the door. But she kept on banging. She wanted a cup of milk.’
‘And you refused?’
‘The maid it was. But we had told her not to give to beggars. They keep coming if you do. So she said no and Woodbury didn’t like it. Went off muttering threats.’
‘Threats? What kind of threats?’
‘Said that we’d be sorry. That we’d regret not helping someone in need. Sally, the maid that is, was petrified. Then Nathaniel, well, almost straight away he took sick.’
Potts regarded his hat, then he raised his head to stare once more at Hannah Woodbury.
‘He took sick, with terrible fevers. Fevers and pains all over so he couldn’t sleep, or eat. And then he died and it was that bitch that did it. Three years old, my son. Never harmed no-one. She’s caused the death of many with her curses. She’s a whore of Satan!’
With that he turned and spat a globule of phlegm full at the spinster’s face. She did not move, did not flinch, kept her eyes down as it trailed glutinously down her drawn cheek, leaving a pale, clean track in the filth.
Matthew watched Woodbury in fascination then jumped as Buckley smacked the bench loudly to quieten the villagers, who were chattering in excitement. Order regained, he turned to Potts.
‘I think that will do, sir. Kindly return to your seat. Now, Master Hopkins, approach please.’
Matthew stood, his heart thumping. These were the moments he had imagined as he listened to his father’s sermons in the long hours of his childhood Sundays. These were the black-hearted wretches that his father had railed against, calling on his parishioners to tolerate no darkness from their neighbours. And now he, Matthew, continued his father’s work. He strode to the front of the room, muttering a prayer, asking for the strength to do his duty. Standing before Buckley, he removed his gloves, holding them lightly as he looked the man full in the face and began.
‘Hannah Woodbury was the reason Lord Westmore asked me to come to this place.’
Here he paused. Buckley nodded and Matthew relaxed. He was aware that Buckley was related to Westmore, their wives were cousins, and both men had been instrumental in the destruction of those evil monuments of idolatry and superstition – the decorations, statues and stained glass of the local church. Noting Buckley’s response, Matthew turned to the packed benches and continued.
‘Lord Westmore knew of the wickedness in the heart of this village and that this woman was the centre of it.’
The crowd gasped, leaning forward to hear more. 
‘My searcher, one Mary Phillips, a trusted colleague, stripped Woodbury and saw that she has three teats for suckling her imps, two in the privy parts.’
 Nervous laughter rippled around the room, soon suppressed by a withering look from Buckley. Catching Matthew’s eye, he beckoned him to the bench.
‘Master Hopkins, a question. Why is this Mary Phillips not here to give evidence?’
Matthew smiled at the magistrate.
‘I am afraid Mistress Phillips is unwell. But I can assure you that I am able to present her evidence myself. She was extremely detailed in her recounting.’
Buckley nodded. ‘I see. Continue then.’
‘Within three days Woodbury confessed to her crimes. She also implicated four other village women who stand before you today. These four named others involved in their unholy coven, a further eight sorry souls. Three of these unfortunates succumbed to disease before this trial. Those that have survived their time in prison stand here. Each one confesses to unholy actions and all admit to taking a part in that vile Sabbat that denies and debases the holy laws of God himself.’ 
Murmurs shivered through the room, nervous villagers stealing awed glances at the bowed heads of the accused.
‘Woodbury has confessed to being a witch, to sending one of her imps to murder poor, innocent Nathaniel Potts. What is more, she confesses to signing an infernal covenant with the Devil himself.’
This last was too much for the crowd. They jeered at the spinster, women began to moan, children to cry and Beatrice Potts set up a wailing that pierced the air. Buckley struck the bench once more. Satisfied, Matthew returned to his seat. 
‘Woodbury, do you still have nothing to say?’
The magistrate’s voice was strident in the now silent room.
There was no response. Matthew shook his head slowly; the woman’s face was impassive, still she showed no remorse, no fear for her soul.
‘Well, in that case, the accused is convicted. She will be hanged tomorrow. God have mercy on her soul.’
Matthew smiled to himself, satisfied. He looked again at Woodbury, saddened but not surprised that she still showed no emotion. She had obviously sunk so low that she did not fear judgement, either in this world or the next. Or perhaps she was so deluded that she believed Satan would reward her for her death. It was impossible to know what these witches thought, what they believed. All he knew was that it was as far from the righteous path as it was possible to be. But she would soon know, he thought with contentment, yes, she would soon know the painful truth. For she would suffer an eternity. If she supposed that her trials were over, that her tortures were finished, she was wrong. He, Matthew, knew they were just beginning. But now there was more work to do this day, much more work.

Matthew drew his chair closer to the fireplace, enjoying a glass of Lord Westmore’s finest brandy, his legs warming as he rested his weary bones. It had been a tiring day, but satisfying. All ten of the accused had been convicted and would be executed the very next morning. Matthew took another sip of the smooth brandy then rose from his seat as his host entered the room.
‘Sit down, sit down, no need to stand on ceremony.’ Westmore flapped his white hands. He was a small man, reaching only to Matthew’s shoulder, and his limbs were painfully thin. His physique was astonishing, Matthew pondered, considering the amount of meat he had consumed during their substantial dinner. 
‘Enjoying the brandy, eh? Good, good.’ Westmore’s voice had a nasal quality to it, belying his mid-country ancestry. ‘Well, you deserve a good drink after your toils today. An excellent result, excellent, and I thank you for it.’
He poured himself a large glass of the brandy before settling himself into the chair beside Matthew. 
‘Well, Hopkins, I must say it is a pity that you leave us so soon. It would be good to have your company for more than one night.’
Matthew smiled. 
‘It would be my pleasure, my Lord, but God has other plans for me. There are other towns and villages that require my assistance, and it is my duty to do God’s work after all.’
‘Indeed, indeed. But will you at least stay for the hangings? It would be a shame to miss them, after all.’
Matthew shook his head resignedly. He did enjoy seeing the results of his labour, but it was impossible to attend each one; he could not spare the time. How many had he witnessed? He remembered the first. Nineteen were hanged, the perfect beginning to his career. He could still recall some of their names; Elizabeth Clark, a one-legged old hag whose mother before her had also been one of the Devil’s own. How quick she had been to turn on the rest of her ungodly coven. Anne West was one of that coven, accused by her own daughter. And three Marys – like some unholy trinity; Mary Greene, Mary Foster, Mary Rhodes. One of these, he thought it was Foster, had screamed her way to the noose. He heard that screaming sometimes still, in the grey hours between the dark and light, when he was sleeping in a strange tavern or when he slept under the stars. That screaming had been desperate, full of fear. But he had not turned away. He had watched as she had trembled under the jeers of the crowd, watched as she had struggled under the hands of the hangman who had sought assistance from the spectators to hold her steady while he placed the noose around her neck. And he had smiled as the woman’s bare feet kicked at the air in some deranged dance. They had kicked for much longer than he had supposed they would, but eventually they were still. And Matthew had known then, as he looked at those grimy feet, that he had found his calling. 
Sighing contentedly, he refilled his glass, took a proffered fig from Lord Westmore’s delicate hand, and settled back into the softness of his chair.

The day dawned bright and clear, the early mist dispersing rapidly. The bitter wind of the past few days had vanished and there was even a slight promise of the coming spring in the crisp air. Matthew approached his waiting mount in good spirits, for the previous night had been a comfortable one. Lord Westmore had not only provided a fine dinner, but also a feather bed and a hearty breakfast. Matthew’s stomach was pleasantly full of bacon, good bread and ale and his purse was heavy with coin for his trouble. He was refreshed and well rested; in fact he had passed the best night’s sleep that he had had for a long time. Even the persistent cough that had been plaguing him for the past few weeks seemed to have improved, much to his relief. 
Placing his wide-brimmed hat carefully onto his head, Matthew mounted his horse and turned towards Halstead. He would take the road travelling southwards around the town’s edge, towards other villages needing his help. 
The sun was high and the day promised to be dry. God’s world was beautiful, despite the corruption that hid in many human hearts. Enjoying the feel of the weak sunshine on his back, Matthew skirted Halstead. A kestrel hovered in the blue above, sending crows screeching from the copse, their calls drowning out the creaking of ropes and the cheers of the villagers, as the first five of the damned dropped into empty space.


If you have enjoyed this excerpt from ‘The Black Hours’, the novel is available from online retailers. Visit Alison’s blog for details:
http://alisonwilliamswriting.wordpress.com/


Alison Williams lives in Hampshire in the south of England with her husband, two teenage children and various pets. Alison worked in education for several years until deciding to bite the bullet and do what she had always wanted to do which is to write full-time – it only took her until her forties! Alison now works as a freelance writer with articles published online and in magazines. From 2011-2012 she studied for a Masters in Creative Writing with the University of Glasgow. As part of her studies, Alison wrote her first novel ‘The Black Hours’.
Alison is fascinated by history – but not so much the kings and queens, the emperors, the military heroes or the great leaders. More the ordinary people whose lives were touched by the decisions, the beliefs and the whims of those who had power over them and who now fill our history books. It is this that Alison finds fascinating – how it was for the ordinary people, caught up in events they couldn’t control. It is their stories that she wants to tell. 
If you have enjoyed ‘Blackwater’ and would like to know more about Alison and her writing then please visit her blog:

http://alisonwilliamswriting.wordpress.com/
Find her on Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/alisonwilliamswriting
Or on Twitter:  @Alison_WiIliams






