THE LOTUS AND THE SWORD
(The Floating World Book 1)

By
Elijah Stephens


SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
Liquid Heaven Productions

The Lotus and the Sword
Copyright © 2013 by Elijah Stephens

Ancient Japan
The Floating World
The Rise of the Last Rebellion (Book 2)
The Poison Lotus (Book 3)
The White Rider (Book 4)

Historical Epics
Otherworld
Prophets of the Wasteland (Book 1)
Hellrunner (Book 2)
Pride of the Britons (Book 3)

Futuristic Science Fiction
Infinity Point Anthology Volume 1
Dynasty Zero (Book 13)
God of the Machine (Book 28)
Death of Angels (Book 29)
The Lotus Eaters (Book 46)
The Violent Awakening (Book 47)
The Moonlight Child (Book 0)
The Grasshopper Revolution (Books 28, 13, 0)
Empire of Blood (Books 47, 29, 46)

Paranormal Science Fiction
The Pattern Volume 1
The Overlap (Volume 1 Book 1)
The Harvest of Area 51 (Volume 1 Book 2)
The Apocalypse Internal (Volume 1 Book 3)
The Pattern Volume 2
Frankenstein’s Shadow (Volume 2 Serialization Part 1)
The Shepherds of Arcadia (Volume 2 Serialization Part 2)
The Dark Crown Goddess (Volume 2 Serialization Part 3)
The Golden Door (Volume 2 Serialization Part 4)
The World Within (Volume 2 Serialization Part 5)
Asylum (Volume 2 Serialization Part 6)

Reviews are greatly appreciated and there are plenty of freebies available at my website: www.liquidheavenlive.com


*****


THE LOTUS AND THE SWORD


*****


Water falls, foaming white liquid in a rushing descent.
Over the birdsong gliding on the air and the clatter of their musical chant, the waterfall hummed with the burning consistency of the stars.  A rising wave of butterflies fluttered as ethereal as smoke, disappearing into the lush forest at the edge of the stream, and from his perch on a smooth rock, Musashi watched them fade.  He turned a red-laced handle in his loose grip and the blade reflected flowing water across his eyes like the gleaming sun.
His long black hair caught the wind as scattered footsteps echoed in the forest nearby and the aroma of demons filled the air with the scent of blood.  Something warm crawling down his arm dropped from Musashi’s fingertips, and in a matter of seconds the rock was painted with a crimson web that led into the water and swam away with the stream.

* * * * *

“If she was raped, my honor dies with her.”
Musashi’s eyes studied the rattan mat by his feet.
“Do you understand?  Truth is in the eyes.”
The samurai finally stood to meet the Daimyo, but his gaze was still off to one side.
“And a promise is made in blood.  If you betray me –”
“I’ll find her.  By my heart, she will survive an angel.”
The Daimyo drew a short sword from his belt.  “By your heart, you said?”
As the sunlight faded, a young girl in a modest blue kimono slid the door aside.  She walked in carrying a wicker lantern and glanced at her lord before quickly looking to the ground.
The Daimyo was curious.  “What’s your name?”
“Michiko,” she said as meekly as a mouse.
The Daimyo handed the short sword to Musashi by the red laced handle.  A majestic dragon was engraved on the hilt.  “Leave us alone and find my angel pure, or in your heart you will learn what pain is.  A worthless death for someone without honor, wouldn’t you agree?”
As Musashi slid the door shut behind him, the Daimyo caressed Michiko’s silken hair.

* * * * *

The sullen moon sat high above, an eye against the eternal expanse of night while a peacock tiptoed across the vibrant lawn.  Its feathers danced with an emerald hue when Musashi crossed its path as a gust of wind and froze, lost in recognition of a fellow child of light.  The tuft on the bird’s head bobbed almost in greeting as it lifted its luminescent tail, displaying waves of shining turquoise that peered through watching orbs.  The samurai reached into the pouch strapped to his waist and tore off a piece of bread.  He threw it to the ground, but the peacock chirped and disappeared into the lavender underbrush after its mate, leaving Musashi alone with the moon.

* * * * *

The treetops twisted with a heavy wind and tulip petals swayed around a dozen light-footed mercenaries along a barren path through the forest.  Near a thick bamboo grove that thrived with green stalks rising in the springtime air, the bounty was split long ago, all except for the girl.  The Daimyo’s daughter, Kokoro, was the real treasure.  Gold can be taken from anyone, but a beautiful virgin is purity held silent in the moment that gives reason to destiny.
The breeze fell and the hooded warrior at the front of the group stopped.  Without a sound, the rest were on guard, brandishing razors of various shapes and sizes.  On thick jungle roots that weaved horizontally like massive pythons through the forest, a panther stalked them with its ears back.  The leader’s hand touched his sword, gauging his target with silent breath, and the animal’s cheeks curled above a grin with long fangs gleaming in the wild shade.  A dragon’s growl like thunder moved the leaves when sunshine broke between the shadows at the hooded man’s feet, and as a cascade of purple orchids showered him, the whistle of a passing blade took his hand at the wrist and split his face down the center.  After he fell into a lake of his own blood, the rest of the mercenaries attacked.
Having appeared as nothing more than a blur, the assassin dove into the bamboo thicket.  The men were yelling war-cries with rusted voices as they followed and clashing metal chimed through the dense forest and screams were cut short, rising and falling like a hummingbird’s wings.  Kokoro had been left alone, so she leapt from her sandals and turned to run, stopping mid stride when the panther landed on the path in front of her.  Taking a lungful of fresh blood as he regarded the corpse, the large feline floated to Kokoro on heavy padded paws and sat in front of her.
Staring into his looming black eyes, she could feel his warm breath against her.  She opened her hands, and the massive panther rested his head on her palms as the clang of steel grew louder and red drops splattered the leaves around them.  When a passing raincloud turned the sunlight gray and the forest shook as if riding a quaking earth, her guardian lifted a paw and rested it against her.  From shoulder to shoulder Kokoro felt the weight of the giant pads, each furry digit claiming a claw that could take her life.  With a wet nose he nudged her, urging her to run.
Slivers of wood shot into the air around a man who tumbled from the forest, holding his guts in his stomach with his functional arm as he came tripping onto the path, in search of the leader’s weapon.  The sky opened with pouring rain and he landed on his knees, reaching for the dead man’s sword and realizing too late that his hand was still attached.  The feral eyes of the assassin found him through the bamboo, and while covered in blood the killer charged forward, sinking his katana through his enemy’s throat and pinning him to the ground.
Musashi’s hair was shining like a beetle’s back as the remaining mercenaries stepped from the forest.  He pulled his blade from the cadaver and backed up as if courting a dance.  He struck like spinning lightning and his opponent blocked the first pass of the whirlwind, but the few that followed each took a body part with it.  As the second man went after Kokoro to use her as leverage, the panther caught up and sank its fangs in, lifting him into the air for a mouthful of torn flesh before the body hit the ground.  Kokoro felt warm blood streaming down her face like tears, yet her scream came out as a whisper when the human assassin dropped to one knee, holding his gore-drenched weapon at his side.
“I am Musashi, your servant always,” he said with his eyes on the ground.  She studied him curiously to reveal whatever spell engulfed him, and even when she pulled three small blades from the flesh of his back, he didn’t seem to notice.  “By my heart, you will always be safe.”
As the rain slid down her polished face, Kokoro put her shaking hand under his chin, gently lifting his head and staring into the lucid reflection of his looming black eyes.  She was glowing like the glint of steel when she replied with a sigh, “By your heart, I guess I won’t need to wake up now.”

* * * * *

The monsoon tore into the land with waves of angry desolation and passing torrents of the utter cleansing beat upon them along the base of a heavy waterfall.  The forest wasn’t enough to protect them, but behind the flowing water was a small cave for animals seeking refuge and the cool darkness was calmly lit, giving their skin a bluish tint.  He put the weapon with the red laced handle beside a boulder, then he made a suitable seat for Kokoro before kneeling.
“There’s no need for you to be so coy,” she said.  “You saved my life.”
He looked wounded.  “I bleed to know that you’re alive.”
“We’re alone now.  They would have tortured me, they could have killed me.  I’m alive because of you.”
The samurai was frozen, suppliant and eyes averted.
“Why can’t you look at me?” she wondered.
“It isn’t my duty to study your flawless –”
“That means you looked long enough to notice, so why do you have honor now, only at my feet?”
His eyes grazed the short sword.  “If you had been violated, I was told to murder you.”
“My father...”  Kokoro’s stare reflected inward.  “I was broken long ago, at his hand, and this jealousy that pervades you is weak.”
Musashi looked up finally, meeting her gaze.  “Jealousy is not shame.”
“And shame is not honor.”
With his refusal to be her equal, she left the rock to take a seat beside him.  The raging water and the sound of eternity eased their hearts, and as she put a warm hand against his cheek he seemed to purr.
“You saved me,” she said when their faces were close enough to gauge subtle breath.  “I am in your debt, but if I am also your honor, don’t fear this,” she pulled his hand to her chest and looked into his eyes.  “What are you afraid of?”
“Terror is a web in our lives.  It starts out as fear in a pure heart before it strangles the flower with the horror of its delusions and resembles blood on the tongue.”
“It means that time is short.  I hate my father because I fear him and the way he thinks, nothing will change that, but you are not his weapon.  His fears don’t control you.”
Musashi fell silent and his mind drifted with the burrowing thunder outside.  “I don’t want to hurt you.”
Kokoro’s eyes fluttered.  “Why?”
“Because I’m a samurai.  I was meant to die by my existence, my life has only been for your survival.”
“And yet your arms hold my salvation.  You keep me warm.”
“I kept you breathing...”
“You have an amazing skill, I don’t mind the blood.”  Kokoro studied his face with her hands, rolling his features on her fingertips.  Somehow, the sadness was still far below the surface.  “You have a pure heart, I don’t mind the pain.”  She put her hand upon him and he melted against her touch.  “And I would kiss you, if you wanted me to.”

* * * * *

Musashi opened his eyes and felt the freezing rock beneath him.  He bolted to his feet, unaware that he had fallen asleep, and for a moment with his guard lost he searched for a weapon against the unknown fiends that lurk in every waking moment.  Dreams and dragons.  Kokoro stirred on the hard ground, and though she didn’t seem to mind the cold, his arms had left her along with his comfort.  She cradled the breeze that sent a chill through her as her eyes opened to the blue sky beyond the mouth of the cave.

* * * * *

“I trust you splattered their insolence?”
“Yes, master,” Musashi said with his eyes on the ground.
The Daimyo threw open her kimono before greeting his only child and took his time checking her for sexual intrusion, for the bruises and scars that would have become increasingly apparent after such a long journey.  “She was stripped of her purity when she was very young,” he said of the unnamed disrespect for her privacy.  “I’m glad that she wasn’t rigorously stolen from me.  Was she a bother on the trip back?”
The samurai’s head was low, his face dirty.  He paused, letting the loaded question hang in the air for a moment inept to words.  “No.”
“Your reward will be generous, I will plan a festival and everyone will praise you.  Now give me the sword.  Did the nightmare follow you?  It is the curse of the dragon for the soul to burn with the pain it causes.”
Musashi handed him the polished weapon, red-laced handle first to be polite.  The Daimyo took it and lifted his daughter’s face to meet his.
“Are you all right, my child?”
Kokoro nodded.
“I can only trust your eyes, my dear.  Has anyone touched you?”  When she flinched, the Daimyo drove the blade into her stomach, pulling it to one side and tearing her open.  “I told you to honor me...”
Musashi flew forward with lightning following close and shoved his sword through the Daimyo.  His ribs cracked and his eyes were vacant when he fell facedown, still breathing but lost for this world, paralyzed in fear forever.  Her blood was pouring from her like an avalanche, but Kokoro barely let out a scream before Musashi caught her, making sure to hold the blade in place to keep her from unnecessary pain.  The serrated tip shredded on exit as well, so he held her tight enough to feel his heart.  Dreams and dragons.  Kokoro shook lightly in his arms, her eyes already falling as he tried to catch her one last time, even if she could only make out the edge of his looming black eyes.
The panther’s warmth protected her as she faded away.

* * * * *

The waterfall hummed with a smooth crashing consistency and mist rose from the pond below as the web of Musashi’s blood painted the rock in a vivid display.  Steam passing over the liquid threw a rainbow across his path while he stared at the base of the chaos, turning the red-laced handle in his grip.  Loud footfalls pounded through the forest on all sides like lurking demons, but the Daimyo’s nobles had only come to exact revenge for being left as wandering souls.  Since a ronin’s life is entirely devoid of respect, to maintain their honor he must die for them.  
A slow death, to be sure.


* * * * *


Crickets in the night air were buzzing with a chorus of insects as wind blew through the trees, rustling the leaves while the sway of life pulled back and forth like the tide.  A raccoon walked down the trunk with sharp claws scratching into rough bark, and when it passed a ninja sitting on a high branch, it regarded him with little curiosity before continuing on its way.  In the forest far below, footsteps cracked the dry leaves and the assassin leaned forward, gazing through the obscure darkness to glimpse his prey.  Dressed in black to blend with the shadows, he tightened his grip on his sword as men trained for stealth traversed the wilderness far from any path.  

* * * * *

The three masked ninja stopped, breathing hard in the noise of nature as they climbed onto a fallen tree to check the area for wandering eyes.  
“This better be worth it,” one of them said nervously.  “I gave up a good job.”
“We weren’t meant to work as bodyguards,” said their leader, who was clutching a bundle of cloth within in his shirt.
“What do you think it opens?”
“I only care how much it’s worth.”
“It’s enough to bring men to war, apparently.”
“Did you hear that?” 
The men froze in place with their hands on hidden weapons. 
“Could we have been followed?”
“Impossible, no one knows what we’ve done.”
“Almost no one,” said Shinji Onozawa, stepping out from behind a tree.  “You were the only three on night-watch who went missing tonight, so when they discovered that the key was stolen, it wasn’t exactly a mystery who took it.  I assume you’re getting paid well to betray the Daimyo.”
“Virtue is useless when it is blind to itself, you follow a twisted sense of loyalty to become a servant.  Are we going to have a problem with you?”
“Only if you don’t give it back.  I got your attention to provide you with the opportunity to redeem your ill-decision.”
“We’re not going back to live like dogs to the Imperialist sheep.”
“You’re not invited back, I’m only offering to spare your lives.  You are indefinitely banished from this province.”
“By whose decree?”
“Mine,” said Shinji.
“You serve Hideyoshi like a mindless beast.”  
“At least I serve something greater than myself, you were given the chance to know civilization and you’ve chosen to be thieves.”  
“How about we split the payment four ways and you can run back to your lord and tell him that you couldn’t find us?”
“I won’t do that.”
“Why not?  Hideyoshi would believe you.”
“His trust is why I won’t.  I’m looking for something more valuable than jade.”
The leader smiled as he reached for the sword on his belt.  “Then you should have been born a samurai.”  
With a flash of movement Onozawa threw a shuriken into the ninja’s hand and the others leapt over the fallen tree, leaving him alone to contend.  Shinji unsheathed his katana and followed, tearing a wide gash across the injured man’s chest and letting him bleed out on the forest floor to become food for its inhabitants.  When they reached a clearing near a thin river draining downstream, Onozawa caught up and pulled a three pronged sai from his belt.  He tossed it into the ground, pinning an escaping ninja’s heel before slashing him open and letting the fountain of blood glow in the moonlight.  
The last thief didn’t want to be stabbed in the back and turned to face him in the flowing stream.  “You hold your blade like a samurai.” 
“Well, it is a samurai sword,” Shinji said over the sound of rushing water.
“You think I betrayed your Daimyo, but Hideyoshi never gave me anything of value.”
“Except the chance to end your life as a mercenary.”  
The ninja scoffed.  “I don’t obey any voice but my own.”
“I know,” he replied.  “It’s why we’re here tonight.”   
Their weapons glanced off each other with a strident sound and a flock of birds scattered from the treetops against the light of the moon.  When the ninja missed his target, Onozawa tripped him to the ground and shoved his sword through, to the gravel beneath the stream.  He pulled the body from the water and dropped him on the shore.  
“We don’t want your spirit poisoning the animals,” he said as he searched the man’s shirt and found a bundle of cloth.  He opened it and saw a gold-encrusted key gleaming in the damp light, and even with its jade emblem covering the handle, he knew that its value didn’t match its sentimental importance to the Daimyo.  He hid it in his belt and used the cold river to clean the blood from his katana while watching the flock of birds maneuver in formation across the sky.  

* * * * *

Shinji walked for hours through the dark woods.  Though the formal path between provinces was a quicker route, he would be back by daybreak either way and he preferred the anonymity.  Honeysuckle floated on the breeze and he stopped to breathe it in, letting the sweetness of the flower saturate his taste buds until a gray fox scampered from the bushes and stared with hesitant eyes, sniffing at the air.  Onozawa reached into his pocket for a handful of red berries and tossed them onto the leaves at the animal’s feet.  After hunger got the best of her she ate with a voracious appetite, squeezing the juice between sharp teeth and lapping up the remains from her chin.  When she was done, she licked her lips with great care and scurried into the undergrowth.  
Paranoia crept into the back of Shinji’s mind and he scanned the area to see bright green eyes hovering in the shadows of the interlocking branches of a tree.  A panther seemed to be stalking him, but the brilliant eyes of the creature blinked and disappeared.  He reached a rocky outcrop and the scent of eucalyptus grabbed him as he found a province built within the woodland, where sloping red-tile rooftops led to the city center and a large Buddhist temple.  Fires raised upon covered lanterns lined the main road and watchmen patrolled the early morning shift as the new day melted the clouds into nothing and moisture in the air dissipated into a fine mist that hovered above the city like a ghost.    

* * * * *

He greeted the guards at the Governor’s estate with casual nods and walked up the cobblestone road.  He could have entered the Daimyo’s home without being seen, but such was a disrespectful gesture to civility.  He bowed to the samurai at the inner-compound and asked if the Shogun was awake, knowing that Hideyoshi always rose with the sun.  The men nodded as they moved aside, telling Shinji that their lord was expecting him.  After passing ornate bronze gates, he entered an elaborate garden while trees exploded in the bloom of the season with a vibrant pink that was almost translucent.  
He crossed the walkway to the communal house where business was discussed with solemn attention, then he left his thick cloth sandals at the rice-paper door and stepped onto the rattan matting.  The walls were lined with translated Confucian proverbs brought from the mainland and were written by a skilled hand that detailed the profession of delicate calligraphy.  He went to the far end of the room, to the altar beset by ancient heirlooms of Hideyoshi’s family, and replaced the jade key to its rightful setting on a satin pillow.  He heard the Daimyo enter the room behind him and turned with sight averted.
“I suspect that they refused to return it peacefully,” said Hideyoshi Murai, a benevolent ruler with a strong presence and equally generous eyes.
“Yes, my lord,” Onozawa replied.
The Shogun smiled.  “You cannot be formal with someone you hope to protect with your life.”
“Pardon me, I don’t know the samurai way.”
“That’s because you’re not a samurai, though you have always served me to perfection.”   
Shinji stood reluctantly and kept his eyes on the ground.  “I honor the freedom you have given me, without this place I’d have no home.”
“The spirit searches for a way to know itself.  In peace it discovers the source, but in war it finds the truth.  You look as if there’s a question burning inside you.”
“It’s about the jade key, what does it open?” 
“My father had it made for a specific treasure, a golden case.  He never told me or my brother what was in it, but upon his death he split his kingdom in two.  He gave me the key and my brother the case and divided his land between us.”
“So that’s why it was stolen.”
“I assume my brother Yoshimizu had those ninja find a place in my court since I am known for hiring bodyguards.  He tried to exploit my kindness by having them betray me, but luckily I know of one ninja who still has a faithful heart.”
Onozawa bowed.  “Thank you, my lord.”
The Daimyo touched his shoulder.  “I will need you in the upcoming war.  My brother has chosen to obsess about the key, so after he discovers that his dishonorable attempt to steal it has failed I have no doubt that he will form an army to ride against us.  When that day arrives I want you with my cavalry.”
“They will not like riding with someone who isn’t samurai.”
“But they will be humble to my wishes.”
“If your brother would prefer civil war, it must have been a serious argument that first caused this dissonance.”
“Yoshimizu has always been greedy,” replied the Shogun.  “As the elder brother he believes the entire region should be his alone and he is so blinded by desire that he sends his soldiers to unlock the mystery our father left behind.”  
“So why aren’t you as anxious to open the golden case?”
“Because I’ve already found my treasure.  A piece of myself died with my wife but a piece of her still lives on in my daughters.  Through them I cherish her.”
“And nothing your father could’ve left in his desire to unite his bickering sons would change your love for your children?”
“Yes.”
“This is an admirable trait, I think.”
The Daimyo paused.  “Shinji?”  
“Yes?”
“Business is over for now, my daughters would love to see you.  They are by the pond, if you wish.  After your daily meditation, come back this evening and we will speak about defending my people.  And thank you for returning the key, it is the last remaining heirloom I have of my father.  So much of our history has been lost to thieves, I dread to think about what I will leave behind.  Now go see my daughters, they adore you.”  
“I understand what it means to you, but if it would save your samurai from a needless battle I can’t see why simply letting Yoshimizu have it wouldn’t be the best course of action.”  
“I might be an admirable man,” replied the Shogun.  “But I never said I was a pushover.”

* * * * *

Onozawa stepped lightly into a secluded area of the compound, following the fork in the gravel path that crossed beneath sloped awnings and the light blue sky.  He walked by wandering peacocks who called the garden home and heard giggling beyond rows of perfectly-trimmed bushes where the Governor took meditative walks near a shrine built to worship the memory of his wife.  Shinji crossed the wooden bridge that stretched over a branch of the pond, near the slender body of a white crane that portrayed a divine elegance, and he walked under a shade tree as the bloom of white petals floated on the wind.  By the pond he saw a little girl crouching over the water and he walked up behind her to see what she was looking at.
“I heard you coming,” said the girl.  “You’re not a very good ninja.”
“I only sneak when I have to, Lotus.  What are you staring at?”
“One of the goldfish died this morning.”
“Are you sad for it?”
“I think it was lucky to have been able to grow so big in the first place or birds would have eaten it long ago,” said Yukio.  “I respect it enough not to eat it, though.”  
He sat next to her as they scanned the dark waters.  “I agree, you’re not supposed to eat your pets.”
“I know!” she laughed.  “That’s what I told the watchman who helped me pick it out and bury it, but samurai have no sense of humor.”  Onozawa chuckled under his breath.  “I’m glad you got back so quickly,” she told him.  “You’ll have to leave again soon if there’s going to be a war.”
“People talk about such things in front of you?”
She leaned close and whispered, “They don’t know I’m there, I sneak very well.”
“So what do you know about war, Lotus?”
“I know it’s why I don’t have any friends.  All the boys spend their time training to be warriors, so when they play with girls they play too rough.  They should know that women are as delicate as origami.”
“Not all women are fragile,” Shinji protested.
“Yes they are,” Yukio insisted.  “So are men, but they hide it.”  
“That’s because men show their strength in warfare, while women hide their strength in dignity.”
“What’s dignity?” she asked with big, curious eyes.
“It’s when someone goes through sad times and becomes stronger and smarter because of it.”
“I was sad when I found the dead goldfish, but I wasn’t that attached to him.  Not enough to mourn, I guess.  I visit my mom’s shrine a lot because I want to hear her voice.”
“And does she ever speak to you?” 
“I don’t know, I feel something when I’m there but I can’t explain it.”
“Me too.”
“Do you think we survive beyond death?” 
He squeezed her chipmunk-cheeks.  “Our ancestors live on inside us, it is simply what we are, but you have to quiet your heart to listen because not everyone who wishes to communicate with you can yell.”
Yukio grabbed a handful of water and splashed his face.  “I think you’re crazy, but you always make me feel better.”
Shinji handed her a small box from his pocket.  “I found this in the forest.”
She brightened as she opened the wooden container and saw a huge beetle with a horn protruding from its nose.  Her eyes lit up and she giggled when he set it on her palm.  “It tickles!”
“I thought you’d be interested in him, I know how much you like bugs.”
“I am!  This is much better than that worm you brought me.”
“I was trying to make a point,” he said.  “Caterpillars change into butterflies when they mature, just like you will.”  
“Are you calling me a worm?” she said with a smirk.  “Even if you’re lying about the butterfly, it’s a sweet thing to say.”
“If I find you another one, you can watch them wrestle.”
“Why would they do that?” she asked, touching the reflective black armor of the rhinoceros-beetle.
“They fight over women.”
“Boys have to fight about everything, don’t you?”  She saw her older sibling picking flowers in the distance.  “But you didn’t have to fight to win my sister...”
“That’s because she chose me,” he told her.  “It’s the rarest opportunity in life to be chosen.”  
Yukio rolled her eyes.  “Okay, you can go smooch with my sister now, but you have to see me before you leave again.”  She kissed him on the cheek and ran off cradling the beetle.
Onozawa followed the pond while watching Rumiko smell the flowers, oblivious to all but her apparent task.  She walked along the shrubs into a maze of lush greenery, and smiled before she saw him behind her.  
“I know you’re back from my father’s mission.”
“Now that time I was trying to sneak,” said Shinji.  “How did you know I was here?”
“I could smell you,” she said, bringing a flower to her nose and winking at him with her enchanting dark eyes.
“What do I smell like?” he wondered.
“A man...”
“An extraordinary one, I hope.”
Rumiko dropped her bundle of flowers and stood on her toes to kiss him.  “You shouldn’t spoil my sister so much, she already has a crush on you.”
“I’m trying to help her find herself,” he said, wrapping his arms around her waist.
“Then you’ll have to live long enough to see her grow up.”
“Is that what you were meditating about?”
“You know my habits better than I thought.”
“Perhaps you just pick more flowers than you realize.”  
She put her hands against his chest.  “I’ve spoken with my father about the war, apparently he will be meeting with his messengers soon to collect edicts of loyalty from surrounding provinces.  I don’t know any better than he does what is in that golden case, but it can’t be worth losing you or seeing my people go off to die for egotistical politics.”
“I think your father broods about honor.”
“And I think he fights to honor himself,” she said.  “There is such a thing as too much pride, you know.”
“Of course, you’re not talking to a samurai.”  
“I know, that’s why I don’t want to risk losing you to arrogance.”  Footsteps nearby prompted Rumiko to grab his hand and pull him behind the overhanging leaves of a willow tree.
“It’s just the watchmen,” he said.
She pulled the elaborate pin holding her hair in a bundle and her mane fell in graceful black waves down her shoulders, setting off the lighter shades of her kimono.  “I know, but I like the game.”  
He studied her porcelain cheek.  “You’ve got the makings of a ninja.”
“Don’t tell anyone, I’d be banished.”  She lightly ran her fingers along the bump in his throat.  “I wasn’t just thinking about the war.”  
Onozawa tightened his grip around her and leaned forward, languidly dipping her as if they danced to an unheard melody.  She rolled her head and her majestic hair cascaded around her beautiful face.  
“I love it when you do that,” she said.  “I don’t want to lose you.”
“You won’t,” he promised.

* * * * *

By mid-day, the sun was shining clear across the cloudless sky and birds chirped their territorial songs as Shinji left the Governor’s compound through the unwieldy bronze gates.  Crowds were squeezing through the marketplace, because when the time for war came they sought sentimentality most in the happiness of children and the serenity of nature.  Farmers guided horse-drawn carts stacked with food to trade and infantry soldiers brought their kids through the capitol on their way to pleasant places beyond the city streets.  
On his way to the Buddhist temple, Onozawa crossed paths with nobles in their casual robes who gave him begrudging looks of respect buried under the shame of his career.  He returned the stares of the samurai and read the focus of their minds like a language on their faces.  They all knew what he contributed to the Shogun, but what he was could only be defined as the enemy who stabs you in the back.  He cursed the need of the civilized world to put everything in the open because what was most important could obviously never be seen, and though his job was to protect the Governor who guided their fates, he knew that the elitists would never let a ninja ride with them into battle despite what Hideyoshi ordered.  
Shinji took a road not cluttered with pedestrians and walked up a hill into seclusion where the foliage pulled back around a statue of the Buddha.  The outdoor temple was empty except for a seated monk who meditated to subvert his thoughts with determination that transcended material being.  Onozawa also sought a connection to the noise of the living pulse and let his senses flow through him, but he was unfocused due to his occupation and his mind always worked itself ragged creating boundaries to define the world with relative efficiency.  To do it correctly and a person could crush rock with their fists, but to fail meant nothing less than an injury that would never completely heal.  
The chirping birds went quiet and Shinji felt his substance fade like water.  His vision found wandering ronin dressed in dented armor and tattered clothes in the presence of the enemy Shogun, Yoshimizu Murai, before they handed him the jade key to open the golden case.  As a burst of light enveloped them, the panther’s glimmering white fangs snapped Onozawa awake and he came back to reality with the afternoon drifting into dusk.  The dimming of daytime meant that he was going to be late for Hideyoshi’s meeting.

* * * * *

He approached the bronze gates where dozens of samurai were overflowing the courtyard as every landlord in the province met to discuss the upcoming war.  After the guards at the gate let him in, Shinji made his way down the lantern-lit walkway and found himself behind a large group of nobles outside Hideyoshi’s private library.  The Daimyo sat in front of the landholders of his territory, who were delving in respectful conversation about his decision to collect an army.  
A man near the Shogun was the most powerful General in the region and had been trained to be a samurai since he was first able to walk.  Katsushiro Satsuma pulled at his goatee while he ruminated, and as the second wealthiest man in the province he spoke openly.  “What is this rumor of a key and your father’s inheritance?” 
Hideyoshi knew the question would eventually come and soft rambling filled the nobles who never would have deigned to ask their retainer of his motives.  Onozawa leaned against the support beams of the nearby sanctum and let the shadows drift around him as the Daimyo stated how it was clear that they had to rise up against the invading force or everyone would perish under the ruthless greed of Yoshimizu.
“Whatever my brother wishes to find in the golden case is not contained within it.  There is no treasure too significant for words or a secret capable of blinding us to the brutality of this world.  Yoshimizu is obsessed with the mystery and to quench his anticipation he seeks to ravage our society.  Even though he is older I knew my father better, and nothing in that case is worth the grandeur of going to war.  He simply wants more than what he has, and because he is the elder sibling he believes he has the right to take it.  Since his arrogance is not harmonious to the happiness of my people, I have called you here to ask you to decide for yourselves.  Do you wish for a ruler who will not respect your lives?” 
The nobles erupted with denials of the enemy’s claim to power, showing gratitude to the Shogun for his infinite generosity and the freedom they were allowed under his rule.
“What will happen to my family if I should perish in this war?” Katsushiro wondered.
“I will personally adopt them as my own and they will be looked after with utmost concern.  I will also hand over plots of the countryside that no one but a Governor has ever truly controlled, any vassal who fights for me and survives will be granted ownership of the land he tends.”  
The normally restrained demeanor of the group broke under the amazing revelation and for a moment his people forgot themselves.  The prospect of owning the property they tilled brought honor only garnered by the ruler of any kingdom, so with Hideyoshi’s declaration the clamor rose in unison to defend their land against invaders.  
Katsushiro spoke after the noise abated.  “I have sent spies into Yoshimizu’s territory and messengers to neighboring provinces to discover that we are outnumbered on the battlefield.  Since no surrounding Governors wish to involve themselves in sibling rivalry, we are alone in this as you know, but for those who have seen these confrontations play out, it is not the number of the fighting force but the strength of the will that guides them that ultimately determines the outcome of any battle.  You thought you were brought here to be lifted by the motivation of your lord, but he has left that up to you with the promise of your sovereignty.”  
A samurai at the back of the procession saw Shinji from the corner of his eye and drew his sword.  “Ninja spy!” he yelled at the shrouded intruder and swung his curved katana.  After Onozawa ducked and it sank into the wooden beam behind him, he scratched the noble’s cheek with climbing claws and forced him to back away with lines of blood pouring down his face.
“Stop!” Hideyoshi told the men who unsheathed their swords and were ready to advance.  “You are all aware of my adoption of ninja as bodyguards to stop them from being used as mercenaries against us!”
The wounded samurai nursed the open gashes on his cheek.  “A ninja is good for nothing but his lies...”  
“This is most irregular,” Katsushiro agreed.  “A ninja cannot be allowed in a meeting such as this.”
“I have trusted him with the protection of my most guarded treasures, including my daughters, and he will be riding with you into battle to assure your victory.”  The Daimyo continued to speak over the disbelief that swarmed through his protesting vassals, “You have heard that you are outnumbered and will need every man of skill to assist you!”
Their bravado seemed concrete and the argument was hopeless until the voice of a little girl drained the fire of its heat.  Yukio ran through the sliding doorway and into the courtyard, where she grabbed onto Shinji’s leg and yelled, “No one hurts him!”
He ran his fingers through her hair.  “What are you doing here, Lotus?”
“I heard them threatening you, stupid boys!” she said to the noble with the bloody face.  
The samurai looked at each other and their tension broke with polite laughter at her innocence.  The men put away their swords and turned back to the Daimyo for parting words, suddenly relaxed in the jovial atmosphere.
“The delicate touch of women,” Hideyoshi mused.  “The best reason to unite for war.  We will meet our enemy on the grasslands and when this fight is over we will celebrate your homecoming.  If not for my persistent injury I would be joining you in battle, but in my absence Katsushiro will be leading our army.”
After the Daimyo walked to his premiere Generals, the nobles dispersed from the compound while giving Shinji strange looks as if the presence of the little girl made him harmless.  When they were gone, Yukio took his hand and led him from the courtyard.  
“Come with me,” she said, and as he passed Hideyoshi they shared a look of relief.

* * * * *

Yukio brought him to a room between opulent courtyards and slid the door open.  “You have to leave your sword before you come in,” she reminded him, and once they were inside she walked around the room, lighting the candles mindfully as if she had seen others perform the ceremony.  
The walls were decorated with tapestries depicting artistic reflections of natural scenes and were painted with great skill by popular visionaries.  Lighter colors gave comprehension to the dynamic flower petals that bloomed in the spring, while others were drawn in shades of black to detail geometric form that brought no realization of purpose but described beauty so well that the need to question disappeared, leaving only stark appreciation.  On open scrolls, ideograms described in minimalist structure Haiku poetry that sought to simplify the expression of the world from writers who took Taoist principle and related nature to a person’s journey to find inner-peace.  With metaphors drawn between the cycle of death and the wonder of temporary beauty, there was a touch of existential fatalism in every poem, comparing this fleeting life to an eventual end and renewal of all things.  
When Yukio was finished lighting the room, she sat on her knees by the implements of a tea ceremony and asked politely if Onozawa would join her.  He took a seat across from her on the floor and watched her youth disappear with her intent to follow tradition.  While the innocence in her eyes faded as she performed the motions, he couldn’t help but think that the loss wasn’t worth it.  
“I left this water boiling so it would be ready.  I know the purpose of the ceremony isn’t to drink tea but I didn’t want to keep you for long.”
“From what I’ve seen, you’re doing very well,” he said, though he believed that the focus of meditation was weak when a conversation was far more relevant.
“I’m not old enough to perform this yet,” she told him.  “But my father is too lenient with me.  He allows me to walk beyond my boundaries as a woman if it keeps me from having time to brood about my mother.”
“I don’t think important losses can be ignored.”  
“We have to hide it even to ourselves, because if we remember the things that hurt us, we relive them.”
“Who told you this?”
“My father.  I know he doesn’t want me to enter a time of mourning because he thinks I’ll never get out.  He has more wisdom than I do, but I still feel trapped.”
“I don’t live by the same code of honor as a samurai.  At worst ninja are a destructive force that lead to anarchy and at best we exist outside the boundaries of control that are nothing but illusion.”
Yukio was still performing the ceremony with perfect attention.  “I’m ashamed of myself...”
“I liked you better when you acted like a child.  You have years before you need to confine yourself within the constraints of adulthood, only now can you feel free.”
“I know,” she lamented.  “My father will eventually marry me off to someone I don’t love and I will be forced to become a member of his family, like a slave.”
“What do you know about love, Lotus?” he asked, concerned that she had walked beyond herself.
“I’ve seen the way you and my sister stare at each other.  I’m smart enough to know what love looks like, even if I’ve never felt it.”
“But your sister isn’t trapped in that fate.”
“That’s because she’s disobedient.  None of the men want a woman with a will stronger than their own because they feel threatened.”
Shinji tried to catch her eye and bring out the child he knew she was.  “I have to remind myself that you’re still so young.  When you repeat the things you’ve heard from adults, it makes me think you’ve lost the ability to appreciate bugs.”  
“I’m not strong enough to be disobedient,” she replied.
“You came to my rescue pretty quickly out there, that was definitely out of place for a beautiful young lady.”
“You think I’m beautiful?”  She broke from her trance and connected with herself.  There was still a dream buried beneath her quiet repose, and when it was fulfilled she forgot her mask.
“I think you have a spirit that can move mountains,” he told her.  “If we repress our emotions they gain power over us through our fear of them.  That’s when we become prisoners.”
Yukio went to the corner of the room and brought over a wooden birdcage that was draped in a blanket.  She set it down and pulled back the fabric.  “This was a gift from my father.  I want to let her go, but I can’t bring myself to do it.”
“Why not?” he asked.
Yukio bowed her head as she spoke.  “Because then I will be alone in my cage, that’s why I’m ashamed.”
Onozawa circled the tea set and the miniature kiln boiling water between them.  “There’s no escape from what torments us, the hardest things in life to face must be stood up to and conquered.  You have the choice to live in a cage and be free from everything important, good and bad, or to shatter the walls and live in a dangerous place and accept it.”
“But I don’t know who I’m supposed to be,” she said.
“You only have to know why people care about you.  We put up walls around ourselves, Lotus, but here’s the secret, when you want to be free you’ll find that the walls around your heart are nothing but paper.”  He picked up a decorative silver ring that held the cloth napkins in their elaborate fold and tossed it through the rice-paper door, where it ripped between the slats and landed with a slight sound on the stone steps outside.
Yukio broke into tears and hugged him tightly.  “I miss my mommy,” she cried, shaking gently as sorrow poured through her.  He cradled her sadness knowing that he could do nothing to assuage her pain.

* * * * *

After she tired herself out and fell asleep in his arms, Shinji blew out the candles and carried Yukio from the room.  She moaned lightly in her dreams while searching the infinite darkness of her spirit, and once in her living quarters he pulled back the blanket and set her carefully in bed before walking into the night.  Images of the upcoming war ran through his mind, but the innocence of every invasion was painted in the eyes of the women and children who were forced to face the terror of a war they could not fight.  It was man’s duty to protect them in nature when other animals threatened, and for that defenseless purity in civilized life they still picked up their swords and walked into hell.  
Onozawa went to the garden where the Daimyo spent the last hours of every day conferring with the court’s astrologers about the movement of the stars and any portents of superstition that could be found.  
Hideyoshi saw him and broke from his constant stare on the sky.  “That was a close call earlier tonight.” 
“I’m sorry I interrupted the harmony of your speech.  If I had known that would happen, I could’ve stayed unseen.”
“I asked you to be there, I just underestimated their pride.  I think of you as being the son I never had and that makes me blind to your dishonorable vocation.  Even rage can be useful if it’s contained and brought from the political chaos that anarchy is,” said Hideyoshi.  “But I never forged an alliance with the Shinobi Guild for any other reason than because ninja are more dangerous as enemies than friends.  I was lucky that those men who were bribed by Yoshimizu only stole the key, I would have no way to counter the betrayal if they had harmed my children.”  
“Would your brother do that?” Shinji asked.
“He is so consumed by greed that I bet he would have me killed as long as he didn’t have to do it himself.”
“Then why hasn’t he tried?”
“Perhaps due to a fleeting respect for our father.  If he would send an army to plunder our province with a supposedly honorable battle, I hate to imagine what he will try if he loses the war.”
“I could end this quietly, no one would ever know.”
Hideyoshi ran the thought over in his mind and decided that he didn’t want the situation taken care of by the blade of an assassin.  “During my father’s reign, my brother and I were Generals in his army leading the campaign against the western province to unite us.  We fought with honor then and we will now.”
“Even at the risk of endangering your people?” 
“Even at the risk of losing my life.”
“I don’t think you have the right to put your children in harm’s way for an ideal.”
The Daimyo laughed and searched the eyes of the scholars taking notes, who stopped watching the constellations and stood in shock at the ninja’s informal statement to the Governor.  “That’s why I like you so much, Shinji, you’re not afraid to speak your mind.  Society requires obedience to work efficiently but more often than not it becomes a numbing bore to be constantly surrounded by sycophants.”
“Yukio needs you to be more than just a Shogun.”
Hideyoshi’s stare grew cold.  “Now you’ve overstepped your place.”
“It wasn’t meant as disrespect, she just needs to connect with you over the loss of your wife.”
The Shogun turned to his astrologers and said, “That’ll be all for tonight, gentlemen,” and they gathered their writing tools and left quickly.  “What has my daughter told you that she couldn’t tell me herself?” 
“Only that she cannot grow from that loss until she learns how to mourn, and the only way she can do that is by sharing the sadness with you.”
“It is not our way to feel openly.  In our culture personal emotion is ignored, and even in poetry our individuality is objectified to match the grace of nature.”
“But there is no inherent meaning to life and no proof of the existence of a higher realm, and the only path that humans learn to define is when the unsubstantial finds a way to solidify itself.”
“You’re speaking about pain,” said the Daimyo.
“Yes.”
“It is against our code for samurai to live as personalized creatures, we serve a purpose and that’s all,” said Hideyoshi.  “And born from Confucian ethics in China my rule as a leader is beholden to my people as well.  The nobles protect me and I rule the people, and everyone’s survival is guaranteed despite the chaos.”
“But living in pain isn’t worth it when survival is unbearable –”
“Yet there is no other way.  I don’t know how to comprehend the loss of my wife and the mother of my children, so how can I connect with Yukio in that sorrow?”
“You should allow her to be a child,” Shinji replied.  “And catch her when she feels like she’s alone.”  
“I didn’t know she suffered so much, I wanted to believe that she was too young to feel the loss.  I never found a way to explain why her mother got sick or why I failed to help her.”
“You are raising her to be a good wife, to serve a man someday and eventually raise a family of her own.”
“Of course, I want her to have a place that shields her from the storms,” said the Shogun.
“But that isn’t possible.  Teach her to serve and understand herself, then she will be free from the storms that rage inside.”
“And what of my older daughter, am I failing her as well?”
“Rumiko was old enough to place the loss of her mother into context and she is strong enough to find peace in meditation like the focus of any samurai.”
Hideyoshi bowed to the ninja.  “Thank you, Shinji.  I would rather you speak out of place than leave me in the dark about my daughters.”
“The wisdom you showed by offering the landlords ownership of the tracts they protect was the perfect method to motivate them to support this needless war.”
“Don’t praise me just yet,” said the Daimyo.  “That was to get them to fight, we will see how they react when the welfare of our province relies on the taxes I must take from them.”

* * * * *

Onozawa’s light-soled shoes made little sound between sections of the Governor’s compound, but telegraphing his movement made him feel out of place and walking freely in the open was not something he could get used to after years spent traveling in shadows.  Once outside Princess Rumiko’s domicile, his steps fell silent on the wooden floorboards as a strong wind blew through the forest and reminded him of the monsoon season.  When his thoughts drifted to memories of his youth, the heat of a furnace burned his skin and he heard the echo of metalworkers taking the elements and molding them into elegant shapes.  His father guided the effort of pounding iron and folding a blade with ultimate precision, ordering his apprentice to continue with the hammer until the reverberating clang of metal was as constant as a heartbeat.  
Each hit got louder until a woman’s scream pierced Shinji’s thoughts and he was torn from the distraction when a chill slammed into him.  He breathed in shock, having lost himself momentarily in the past.  While standing outside Rumiko’s living quarters, he heard scuffling against the soft matting inside and a strained moan before he threw open the sliding door.  In a fighter’s stance and clothed in loose cotton with a short sword in her grip, Rumiko was breathing heavily with a light sheen of sweat glowing on her forehead.  
“Weren’t you taught to respect a woman’s privacy?” she told the intruder, jerking her weapon briskly into its sheath.
“I’m sorry, I thought you were in trouble,” he said with his eyes on the floor.
She dried her face on a piece of linen while walking slowly towards him.  “I’ve never seen you this humble before.”
“And I’ve never seen you this forthright.  Are you training for something specific?”
“To protect myself if I need to.  We can’t always depend on samurai, can we?”
He kept his eyes down.  “Does your father know you train?”
“He knows that I read his books, but no, you are the only one who is aware of this.  Can you keep my secret?” she asked, playfully tapping the handle of her blade in a mock threat.  He inhaled her natural perfume and the scent polarized something in him, drawing his eyes higher with a desire to grab her and taste the rest.  “Women are invisible in this culture,” she said.  “There’s no place for training in the ways of the warrior, and neither is a man’s lust an acceptable outlet for our desire.”  She put her soft cheek against him and purred for his touch.
“It wasn’t my intent,” he said, gnashing his teeth to retain her honor.  
“This is the first time you’ve ever been to my room and coincidentally it’s at night.”  She tugged on the opening of his shirt.  “Just what was your intent?”
“To speak to you before I go to war.  Did I come at a bad time?”
“You have perfect timing.”  She moaned a little and pressed up against him, then she threw her head back and tossed her thick black hair over her shoulder.  When she noticed that his eyes were completely glossed over, she looked down between them in surprise.  “That’s some amazing concentration you have there.”
“Right now I’m at the bottom of the ocean,” he said, and she backed away laughing and covering her mouth.  “Where did all that come from?” he asked, breathing for the first time since he entered the room.
“I told you, I read the books in my father’s library.”
“What kind of books are you reading?” 
“The Art of Seduction from India.  Buddhist monks bring interesting ideas from the mountains of their travels.”
“So you were testing my resolve?” he sighed as he shook off the wasted energy, but Rumiko’s eyes said more than her words in acceptance of his invasion.  
“Believe me, you could not have failed that test.  I do have to say, not even a monk would have rejected that.”
“And you blame nice men for being beasts?”
“No,” said the Princess.  “Women blame ourselves for being beasts.”
“I’m going to sit in the corner until I grow up.”  
“What does that mean?” she giggled.
“It means when I’m around you I feel like there’s so much I don’t yet know about the world...”
“As if you’re a child?”  She turned away from him to take off her shirt and clean herself in a bowl of water.
“Yes.”
“Is that good or bad?” she wondered.
“Both, because seeing something I can’t understand makes me gravitate towards the mystery.”
“Yet a mystery by its definition cannot be known, otherwise it is just something undiscovered.”  She looked over her shoulder and found his eyes.  After slipping on a satin robe, she pulled off her cotton pants.  “I saw you carrying Yukio to bed tonight,” she said, fixing the blankets on her bundled mattress.  “Why do you think you get along with her so well?”
He looked at his feet.  “Because I also know what it’s like to lose a mother.”
Rumiko froze at his words.  “You never told me that...”
“I’ve expressed who I am.”
“But you’ve shared so little of your past.  Come here,” said the Princess, pulling back her sheets and crawling into bed.  “Do you want to talk about it?” 
Shinji sat on the floor.  “There isn’t much to talk about.”
“How did you lose your mother?”
“I don’t remember exactly.  I was very young, about Yukio’s age.  My father was a metalworker for a provincial Governor of the southern region, building swords for their army.”
“Did he construct this one?” she asked, touching the weapon he carried on his belt.
“Yes, this was the last one he ever made.  Are you disappointed in me?”
“No, why would I be?”
“Because of the hierarchy,” he said.  “I’m a peasant.”
“I can see through the arrogance of civilized society, why else would I give my time to a ninja?  So what happened?”
“The Daimyo was assassinated and his nobles became ronin, and after the protection of the ruling class fell apart, our province was ravaged by marauders.”
“Is that when your mother died?”
“Yes, then my father and I escaped and wandered as homeless nomads for years, taking menial jobs to survive.  Before her death my mother was ashamed, I remember.  She was superstitious and believed that the fate of the Shogun and the decline of our province was an omen caused by my father’s inferior skill as a sword-maker.  She blamed his implements for not being able to defend our home.”
“But you don’t remember how she died?”
“I remember the way my father mourned her, so I don’t think it was natural.  I subsisted on the fringe of society as a thief and it was just a matter of time before I fell in with a group of mercenaries connected to the Shinobi Guild.”
She pulled the covers up to her neck.  “What happened to your father?”
“After my mother was gone, he lost his will to survive and never found work again despite how useful his skill was.  He faded away slowly and died.”
She reached for his hand and squeezed it.  “So you became an assassin?”
“I was a thief as a child, but I only took from people who were not humble to what they had.  This region is lucky to have a man like your father, there is so much corruption in other provinces.”
“How did you eventually find your way here?”
“I was caught up in the war a few years ago that broke out within the Shinobi Guild.  Thieves fought against assassins and it was absolute anarchy, so I left.”
“And you heard my father’s decree about hiring ninja as personal bodyguards with a stipend in exchange for their services?”
“Yes.”
She smiled.  “And then you met his beautiful daughter and fell in love.”  
“Yes,” he replied seriously.
“It’s a good story, at least it has a happy ending.”
“Does it?”
“I assume you told me this because you might die in battle.”
“Your father gave me a place in this culture where everywhere else I was invisible.”
“Then I guess we have a lot in common,” she noted.  
“There’s so much I wish I could remember.”
“Of what, your past?”
“Of my mother’s death.” 
“It’s only important that she’s gone.  My mother died of illness, a fever burned her away.  There’s no consolation no matter how a person ends, it’s who is left behind and how they choose to live that matters.”
“But there may be a reason for my mother’s death and that might bring me peace.”
“There is no peace,” said the Princess.  “Even in my cloistered life I have seen and studied enough to know that the strength of the intellect is found in conflict.”
“You’ve not seen what I have seen.”
“Then tell me.”
“If I can’t grasp it, how can I describe it?”
“Then don’t tell me with words, tell me with your lips.”  Rumiko propped herself on her elbow and pulled him in for a kiss, and the charge soothed the rampant decay of Shinji’s thoughts as her warm touch stole all concept of time.  When they parted, she licked her lips and said, “Now what could be more peaceful than that?”
“First thing tomorrow I’m going to travel into the mountains.  After the war I’ll find a way to come back to you.”
“Then you don’t have to say goodbye just yet,” said Rumiko as she lifted the covers and invited him into her bed.   

* * * * *

While the clouds reached high in the atmosphere and broke the sunrise into bright rays across the sky, Shinji and a dozen messengers left the Governor’s compound carrying scrolls to declare the intentions of Hideyoshi’s army to surrounding provinces.  He had offered to protect the runners from bandits until the crossroads to the north, then he would disperse them in different directions and continue into the mountains to find a spot for solitary meditation.  In the city center they saw the nobles getting ready for war by emptying the storehouses of leather armor, bows and slings of arrows, and weapons for the infantry, who were citizen-soldiers conscripted for the battle.  At targets set up in the forest, the archers were polishing their skills while groups of samurai considered strategic battle plans and viable attack formations designed by Katsushiro and Hideyoshi.  
When they entered the wilderness, Onozawa noticed the tension of the messengers, but as always he felt at home.  The enemy Shogun Yoshimizu would likely try to stop them from reaching their intended destinations, but Hideyoshi had decided against sending armed guards since everyone was preoccupied with more important preparations.  He trusted his ninja to protect them, even if Shinji was the only member of the group who knew how to fight.

* * * * *

Their pace was relatively slow during the first hour of the journey and they spoke in nervous conversation to distract themselves from danger.  Whenever caravans of heavily armed men moved past them transporting supplies and soldiers to the capitol, the messengers hushed their voices, anticipating the need to scurry off the path and into the woods.  When the crossroads were a few miles away, where each man would travel on alone, they decided to stop for a quick rest and lunch.  Onozawa suggested that they settle briefly in the forest and they all agreed to rest in the shade and solace and followed him through the thick brush to a giant oak with large roots protruding above ground.  The rations they were given were meager, but for hungry travelers it was better than nothing as they munched away on dried meat and told jokes.  When the birds in the trees suddenly grew quiet, Shinji dropped the fresh fruit he was eating and disappeared into the shrubbery.
“Where is he going?” someone asked before the sound of cracking twigs quieted the others.  As they broke from their meal and stood up to survey the area for signs of a threat, a bowstring whipped and an arrow landed in the tree above their heads.
“That was a warning to get your attention,” said the leader of a small group of mercenaries who came out from their hiding places with bows pulled tight.  
“Now that you’ve got it, what do you want?”
“Who is your lord?” 
The messengers looked at one another with wide eyes, not knowing what answer was going to keep them alive, and after a few moments of deliberation one of them said proudly, “Hideyoshi Murai.”  
The archers looked at each other, sharing the same expression of victory to have found what they were searching for.  One of them let his arrow fly but it barely left the string before a metal star cut the air and split the wooden shaft.  Onozawa appeared behind the bandits and ripped his katana across the leader’s back, then he threw another shuriken into the nearest man’s throat and let loose a wave of blood over the others.  After Shinji dodged a whistling arrow that went skidding into the bushes, the messengers felt emboldened and tackled the remaining archers to the ground where they were beaten to death with rocks and branches.  As the last bow-man turned to run, Onozawa took an eggshell from his belt and threw a fine mist of broken glass into the man’s eyes, blinding him as he charged forward into a tree and cracked his own skull.  
The runners were happy to be alive and thanked the ninja for his protection, then they finished their meal and took to the road again feeling absolutely blessed.  After they made it to the crossroads and parted ways, Shinji followed the foothills of the mountains and climbed swiftly towards the sky.  The outlying boulders created huge stepping stones up to the clouds, but he had to traverse a sheer cliff-side with climbing claws to reach the apex.  At the top he breathed heavily, tasting the salty air as he looked over the grasslands leading to the ocean in the south.  The marshlands in the west had greenery too dense to peer into, though occasionally a long-necked crane would take to the air like a graceful white phantom.  
He watched a falcon circling high, a speck on the canvas of the heavens that watched for mice who made their home on the Yamato Plains.  Since he would need more energy for the upcoming war, he took a sack from his belt and ate while watching the animal dive at dizzying speeds for rodents that ducked for cover.  After it eventually caught a meal and flew with its furry cargo into the woods, it found its home and Onozawa wondered if there were baby chicks to feed.  He closed his eyes to follow the bird beyond his line of sight and images flooded him about the nest that contained the fuzz of the predator’s offspring.  The first chick was free from its shell and calling loud for its mother, but when its sibling managed to break loose it began to viciously peck away at its only competition.  
Like the war between Hideyoshi and Yoshimizu, the first born murderer struck Shinji with its immediate impulse to destroy as a survival instinct.  Apparently upon the moment of birth, even for an animal whose meals were brought by parents that would never allow it to starve, the baby’s first thought was to tear the life from its brother.  Yoshimizu was going to battle against his sibling with a similar impulse, sacrificing his lesser nobles and calling upon mercenaries to retrieve the jade key and unlock a mystery that could never be more important than their lives.  In place of fashioning an alliance that could mutually benefit the inhabitants of both provinces, he chose war instead.  
Onozawa originally assumed that Hideyoshi was denying the theft of the key out of stubbornness because giving up the heirloom might have sedated his brother, but it seemed that Hideyoshi knew that the key was never intended to be an end to anything.  Their father only sought to unite them as co-rulers under the collective desire to unlock the golden case, not turn them against each other in competition for the prize.  According to the Shogun’s reaction when he retrieved the jade key, it was not the kind of relief someone would have for the return of a great treasure.  He reacted more like a man who knew that war was inevitable, and although he did not instigate the tension with his brother he had no choice but to defend his birthright against the arrogance of a sibling who would risk his population to expand his own rule.  The only possible choice was to accept what was bigger than the individual’s ego or die eternally in conflict created by futile attempts to bring that ego to Heaven, where it could never be allowed to exist.  
Harmony sang with the insects and the stars surrounding the crescent moon moved in slow orbit around the earth.  As the final glow dipped into oblivion, he closed his eyes and let his mind wander beyond his fallible senses.  Cooled by a chill of the nerves up his spine, he contemplated the upcoming battle but hesitated to examine the tragedies and miracles that he might betray by taking them out of context.  After all, if he saw his own death his courage might wane and he could be distracted to the point of causing himself whatever harm he envisioned.  
The grasslands flowed like waves in the moonlight, and before the first light of day Shinji began his descent.  Something pulled on him that wouldn’t be denied and the harder he tried to keep the war from his thoughts, the more he fanned the flames that scorched him with impatience.  The mental fragments like pictures haunted him with clarity while the sound of heavy horses pounded in the mud, and he struggled to keep his grip on the imperfections of the mountain to gauge his distance to the earth.  With banners held aloft behind the nobles, he saw the distinct features of faces drawn tight by recognition of death and realized that they were the samurai who had been banished after the Daimyo was murdered in his childhood province.  In the end, the same assassination that made them ronin had turned Onozawa into a ninja.  
Knowing that the grass would soon be stained by the blood of thousands, he reached the ground and walked onto the green fields between the rival capitols of the Yamato Plains.  The region had first been united by Hideyoshi’s father after he took the territory from a competing Shogun, whose marshlands were more fertile than the tracts in the east.  Hideshi Murai had urged his people to war and won ownership of the Southland, doubling his rule in the span of a day after the dishonored enemy nobles gutted themselves in shame for their defeat.  The Murai family prospered unlike any time in its history and upon his deathbed Hideshi proclaimed the shared rule of both provinces to be passed to his sons with the intent of making his good fortune end the rivalries of their youth.  
Despite the fact that he had been given a greater responsibility for being the elder son, Yoshimizu felt like an outcast.  The life-blood of the Murai dynasty was found in the resources of the underdeveloped agricultural center to the west, but in place of feeling grateful for the chance to concretize his father’s dominion, he felt exiled from his home.  After he was sent to the conquered land to rule, he committed all of his income to restore the army his father had defeated, and as he financed a war machine to bring against his old province, he paid mercenaries from distant lands with wealth harvested from the fertile soil.  The upcoming civil strife was about the golden case and jade key meant to stabilize their bond through collusion, but it quickly became the unpleasant torment of an unknown but relatively inconsequential mystery.  The golden case could not contain anything other than the spirit of Hideshi Murai, and that would soon be spilled in an ocean of blood upon the rolling hills of the land he had conquered.
Shinji saw an unnatural glare from the corner of his eye and his instinct measured the gore of the battle-scene, though nothing but the constant wind crossed the tall grass.  He saw the shadow of an ancient soldier and thought he was being attacked, but when he threw a shuriken it passed through the ghost with a trail of smoke before the darkness moved over him and his vision went black.

* * * * *

He opened his eyes in the deep thicket as the sun began to rise.  The ground was vibrating with the heavy hooves of cavalry horses, and as their massive armies entered opposite sides of the grasslands, Onozawa stayed low within the weeds until reaching the beach and the soft sand of the shoreline.  He went to the water’s edge and put his head into the cold current to jolt his senses alert, then he looked upon the hordes of enemy troops coming from the west from beneath the camouflage of the waist high grass.  After Yoshimizu’s Generals crossed his path on warhorses and their congregation of soldiers filled the field, each samurai of upper class rode his horse into the open and stood before the opposing army of around four thousand men to declare his exploits in battle.  When the boasting warriors had finished their grand display, they returned to their ranks and conversed about how to lead their regiments with a flexible strategy.  
Shinji watched Hideyoshi’s army collect on the northern side of the grasslands and decided to ambush the enemy nobles who waited behind their troops.  They obviously wanted to prove themselves but their infantry was filled with Yoshimizu’s mercenaries, all hired for battle with no loyalty to dignify their paychecks so they were sent into the conflict first.  Hideyoshi’s proud samurai began their charge on horseback and the enemy archers lobbed a volley of arrows into the sky.  They spurred their line into a gallop and shot ahead of the projectiles, meeting the mercenaries with suicidal bravery. 
Onozawa exploited the distraction of the enemy Generals, who were pacing back and forth while watching their infantry being cut to pieces.  He climbed the earth-mound at the edge of the beach and tossed a shuriken into the meaty hindquarters of a horse.  As it bucked violently, it threw the rider to the ground, stifling him with the weight of his armor long enough for the ninja to slash his throat with a knife.  When another noble saw this happen and rode towards him in a full sprint, Shinji rolled away leaving his sword stuck upright.  After the heavy beast tripped on his protruding katana and crushed the samurai underneath, he retrieved his weapon, stole the dead man’s helmet, and grabbed the reigns of the shaken animal with the intent of infiltrating the enemy while dressed as one of their own.  
The sound of war was deafening, with blunt screams and metal ripping flesh as he rode west along the shoreline.  When the western Generals realized that Hideyoshi’s cavalry kept their civilian-filled infantry behind for protection, they ordered their riders to circle the battlefield to attack the vulnerable conscripts.  Onozawa launched his horse forward with his blade already swinging and the nearest noble barely reached for his weapon before he was thrown off his ride.  As four of the straggling men in the cavalry broke from their charge to chase the assassin, Shinji jumped into the sand and waited at the water’s edge.  The wind dropped, leaving a stagnate warmth to the lapping of the ocean waves as the call of seabirds high above signaled their intent to salvage a meal from the dead.  
Their trotting animals kicked clumps of dirt into the air, then the samurai dismounted and inched towards him carefully.  While stepping into the shallow waters of the tide, Onozawa tossed his stolen helmet at them and broke a hollowed eggshell with it, getting one with a full dose of chili powder and forcing him to his knees where he splashed saltwater in his eyes.  When the next noble dug his toes in and charged forward, Shinji kicked sand in his face with a wet slap and blinded him before dropping low and separating his leg at the knee.  The third samurai drove him back with wild swings careening off his sword until he pulled the sai from his belt and threw it into the noble’s foot, pinning him to the loose sediment.  Onozawa rammed his blade through the man’s thick leather armor, causing him to spit blood, then he smashed his next opponent across the skull with the flat side of his katana and he fell limp in the blood-red water.  As the last noble recovered from the sting of the chili powder, Shinji ducked and rolled around him in the surf, poking his weapon into the samurai’s back so deep that the point stuck through his chest. 
Among the army of thousands crashing below the mountain range, Hideyoshi’s cavalry rode horses riddled with arrows as they divided Yoshimizu’s mercenaries, blind to how their inexperienced infantry was struggling to defend themselves against the enemy.  Onozawa followed the outskirts of battle to defend the conscripts and focused on a noble with a silver crescent on his helmet, who was attacking Hideyoshi’s foot soldiers by circling their ranks and chopping into them mercilessly from horseback.  Shinji grabbed a spear from the piles of the dead and stuck it in the ground with the sharp point aimed at the oncoming rider.  When the samurai passed by it caught him under the chin and dug in, lifting him off his horse as he flailed helplessly.  
Onozawa jumped onto the abandoned beast and headed towards the major clotting of the battle.  He leaned from the saddle to grab a handful of arrows sticking from the soil, and with a tight grip on the bundle, he caught up to a high-ranking General and stabbed him in the throat.  After the noble shook with spasms and slid from his horse, Shinji was tackled by a samurai from behind.  They rolled through the grass, coming to a stop when he lodged a dagger between the man’s ribs and was drenched in boiling blood from his pierced heart.  Onozawa crippled a rider by throwing the knife into his back and let the eastern conscripts bludgeon him with farming implements, then he climbed onto the back of the vacant equine and picked his next target through the chaos of battle, a skilled archer who circled the perimeter and picked off Hideyoshi’s infantry from a cowardly distance.  As the sting of dirt whipped past his face, the bow man’s arrow grazed his cheek with a sharp bite, but he eventually caught up to the soldier and yanked hard on his helmet, breaking his neck and making him tumble awkwardly to the ground.  
Once Hideyoshi’s cavalry had scattered the mercenaries into retreat, they turned to aid their infantry in forming a cohesive line against the enemy with makeshift weapons, and they watched the last of Yoshimizu’s nobles leave the battlefield while being uplifted by yells of victory.  As Shinji sat on his warhorse with the pain of his injuries subsiding into numbness, Katsushiro rode to him and said, “You fight well face-to-face after all, for a ninja at least.”
“It was your strategy that won the war.”   
“The Generals and I merely modified a battle-plan created by the Daimyo, so be sure to thank him when we return.”
Onozawa caught his breath while overlooking the bloody grasslands, the clusters of bodies and dismembered limbs, and all the death he had witnessed in his lifetime couldn’t match the aftermath of that plunder.  Yoshimizu would be stunned to see only a fraction of his cavalry report back, leaving his population completely bereft of protection.
“If I were a vicious man, I would ride west and finish this,” said Katsushiro.  “Now would be the best time to invade Yoshimizu’s province and destroy the remnants of his tyranny.  His funds for buying mercenaries should have bankrupted his viable crops, so even if he doesn’t get overrun by the mercenaries he hired to fight us, his province will stagnate in disrepair.”
“Hideyoshi will want to know of this victory.  Awaiting your fate where all you can do is imagine the result must be unbearable.”
“You should ride home and proclaim the honor of this day while I retrieve the wounded.  There are plenty of weapons left behind by the enemy, perhaps we can melt what we cannot use and sell the rest.”  The General nodded with respect.  “And you are certainly invited into my home any time you wish.”  

* * * * *

Shinji rode east as the pain of the day melted with the hope of seeing what he had sacrificed so much for.  The blood of the dead was poisoning the landscape and the dark red glow reflected the glaring sunlight from what remained of the battle, making him grateful to enter the forest and return to the family he had fought so hard to protect.  The road turned from soft gravel to large cobblestones and the homes at the edge of the province were silent as women held their children tight and awaited news from the battlefront.  Though he wanted to report their victory, it was not his place.  
His horse’s hooves pounded like his heartbeat upon the walkway near the Daimyo’s compound, but when Onozawa jumped off and entered the central courtyard, the guards who usually stood at the gate were nowhere to be seen.  Once inside, there was evidence of a fierce struggle and the men who secured the Daimyo had been massacred where they made a last stand against invaders.  At the Governor’s quarters, he walked through the ripped paper doorway and saw a sword stuck in the middle of the room.  Upon it was propped the severed head of Hideyoshi Murai, his expression frozen at the moment of his death.  Behind him, the jade key was missing.  Shinji ran through the adjoining courtyard where a dozen royal bodyguards had been slaughtered and came to Yukio’s bedroom.  The covers were peeled back and she was gone, along with the birdcage that sat in the corner.  
He left the room and grabbed onto the support beam to launch himself onto the roof, then he jumped across the sloped tiles and down to the walkway outside Rumiko’s domicile.  The door was open and she was curled up on the floor, gripping her training sword in a puddle of blood.  He crouched next to her to roll her limp frame and she moaned from the pain of her stomach wound.  He pulled back her kimono to see where they had opened her belly when she became too much of a hassle, and as he picked her up and left the compound, she passed in and out of consciousness with every step aggravating her injury.    
“Who did this?” he pleaded while walking through the forest towards a Shinto shaman, but she had no strength left to whisper. 
He heard the rumbling of a waterfall and turned north along the bank of the river.  Upon reaching a small hut, he mimicked the bird-call of a hayabusa falcon and a tiny man with white hair and a pug nose stuck his head out.  “I’ve not had visitors for some time...”  
“Takeda, I need your spirit for this woman.”  Onozawa stepped into the wooden hut and put Rumiko on a bed of leaves, then he pulled back the cloth to show the healer what had happened and the shaman’s eyes showed the complexity of the tragedy brought to the Princess.  
“She is a dove and I will mend her wings.  Do you have the blade that did this to her, the cause of the damage is sometimes the cure.  If I could speak to the voice of the weapon it might prefer to take back what it did to her.”
“A blade didn’t do this to her, a man did.”
“A blade has as much freedom as a man.”  Takeda looked to the ninja’s katana as if it were alive.  “You should know this from the spirit your father infused within your own.  Do you plan to kill the demons who did this to her?”
“I’ll kill them all.”
The healer clicked his tongue.  “If the house of Hideyoshi is in turmoil the province will fall, but it is no man that disrupts an empire.  These are forces of nature you contend with, no less than bringers of destruction.”
“But they acted upon the orders of the man who hired them.”
“Yes, the way a falconer sends his birds out to fly and then brings them home to confinement.  Do you know the source of their power?”
Shinji thought about Yoshimizu.  “I have a good idea.”  
“His power is his hatred, but no hate lives higher than the trees.  You cannot kill this man.”
He ran his fingers through Rumiko’s hair.  “We’ll see about that.”
“The panther will find his prey, you must find the seven forces of nature,” said the small man as he readied a pot of herbal tea on the fire.  “They are chaos incarnate but they are not the reason this province is in turmoil.  The earth wants revenge for tragedies wrought against her children, be her hand in this world and your father’s spirit will scream from his sword to aid your revenge on the ronin, the seven demons who will not be contained by their creation.”  Takeda watched the ninja’s reaction.  “She will live, I can hear her fortune in the birds.  Listen and they will speak to you as well.”  Onozawa heard the chirping sparrows in the trees but ignored anything they had to say as the healer pushed him from his hut with a warning, “The eagle hides his claws.”  
Shinji stood alone by the river, shaking in his repression of the anger over the day’s events, and when the shell he covered himself with was broken, his past came flooding back into his torment.  Tears welled up and fell down his cheeks as they burned his skin with needles of disillusion for his helplessness to stop his family from being ravaged once again.  

* * * * *

He walked like the risen dead with his arms limp at his sides and in his failure he passed into oblivion.  If anyone had seen him, they would have thought he was an apparition.  Movement shook the trees and he saw the green eyes of the black panther buried within the foliage before a deafening sound blasted through the leaves.  The giant cat was only curious though, staring at him with odd respect, and it was then that he realized that it wasn’t the cat who roared.  Letting the events float around in his head, he knew that if he had been there no pain would have come to the Daimyo or his family.  
The jade key was missing and he knew exactly who had ordered the assassination, but though Yoshimizu had desired it enough to send ronin into his brother’s home while their armies were at war, the line he wouldn’t cross was with his niece.  The men who beheaded Hideyoshi also allowed Yukio to cling to the birdcage that gave her comfort, and they would only have treated her in such a way if they were under orders.  As his mind dwelled upon hopelessness and sad memories intruded, he stopped cold in his tracks.  The healer had said that the soul of his katana was ingrained by the man who made it, but he didn’t feel his father’s spirit in the blade, he felt his mother’s.  
He had gone unseen as a child, it was the skill he always had, and while hidden he remembered his mother’s reaction to the news of the assassination of their Shogun.  Discounting his swords as inferior metalwork, her silent obedience over the years faltered and she lost herself in the knowledge that everything was gone.  She blamed her husband for the downfall of their entire province as she grabbed a sword from one of the racks lining the room, and despite his muffled yell she fell upon it.  Shinji even recalled when his father gave it to him as he withered away, a young man dying of an old heart.  It was his final gift to his son, to remember his mother and how there could be no place for pride except in those who didn’t know how free they were without it.  

* * * * *

Onozawa entered the Governor’s compound and saw the Generals in shock after returning from their victory at war.  They came home to see their good fortune in peril and paced back and forth, screaming words of hate to those who were responsible wherever they might be.  Katsushiro stood in the room where the Daimyo had been killed, as still as a statue while staring into the open eyes of the severed skull.  
“Yoshimizu did this,” he said.  “He had the key taken when he could not take it for himself.”
“Rumiko is injured but she’s alive, I took her to a healer.”  
“Will she survive?”
He looked away.  “I don’t know...”  
“What about his other daughter?” 
“I believe she was kidnapped.”
“Treacherous dog!”  Katsushiro paced with fire scorching his tongue as he thought about what kind of a man would murder his own family.  
A samurai with split armor came in holding a sheet of paper and said, “We found Hideyoshi’s astronomers in the library.  One of them must have had enough time to write a final word.”  He handed it to Katsushiro, who cursed after reading it and gave the message to the ninja with a look of disgust.
“I can’t read,” Shinji told him.  “What does it say?”
He said simply, “Ronin.”

* * * * *

After the dead bodies were collected in the garden and the Generals set up guards at the bronze gates to ward off visitors, Onozawa left Yukio’s room with a plan of action and found Katsushiro Satsuma deliberating over the corpse of their former Shogun.  
“What do we tell the people?” he asked the ninja.  “This province will crumble.”
“I know, it happened when I was a child and the Shimura Clan collapsed with the assassination of the Daimyo.  After word spread quickly that our province in the southern region was unprotected, thieves flocked to our land and everything was plundered.  Do you want this to happen here?”
“Of course not,” Satsuma replied.  “But a Shogun is seen as the connection between Heaven and earth.  It is his life that brings harmony with his rule.”
“Then do not let him die,” Shinji proposed, and the General led him into the courtyard where they would not be heard.  “Let no one know about his death,” he continued.  “Send out messengers to other regions proclaiming our victory and tell them that the western province is controlled by the lordship of Hideyoshi Murai.”
“The mercenaries who left the battlefield will filter back into the countryside,” Katsushiro agreed.  “They will confirm that declaration.”
“Exactly, but send with those messengers a few farmers selling crops and have them spread word about Hideyoshi’s claim, that those who fought and won the battle gained ownership of the land they work.”
“But that will cause a revolution.  The Shogun is the guardian of a province, the nobles protect the land they are entrusted with and peasants till the soil.”
“Though with his death, Hideyoshi’s claim is now true.  You all fought and won your land, so now the idea of power maintains order through the warriors of each noble household.  If you spread the word about territory coming under the personal ownership of the landlords, it will keep this province from being overrun as well as preoccupy the ruling classes in other regions with internal dissension provoked in the masses.  Let the enemy ride to us in groups and not as armies.”
“And what of Yoshimizu?” Satsuma wondered.
“We finish him off immediately with our cavalry and end this feud.  The lesser nobles and lower classes here believe that their victory has granted them peace under Hideyoshi.  They will assume that he’s alive, so leave enough samurai to protect them and maintain the appearance that the Daimyo still lives.”
The General nodded.  “They might believe this since they do not see him often, but Yoshimizu likely kept his elite nobles with him.  Despite the war and his desire for our land, he would first wish to protect himself.”
“And that will be our challenge,” said Onozawa.  “We must defeat Yoshimizu and his Generals to grant freedom to his people.”
“The peasants?”
“Since we agree that Yoshimizu must have drained his province to pay for mercenaries, they will unite under our rule and be thankful for the end of tyranny, making other Shoguns believe that both provinces of the Yamato Plains are ruled by the house of Hideyoshi Murai.  We can take what the enemy left on the battlefield and sell it in distant marketplaces, and with that money we can support the restructuring of both east and west.”
“But who will rule the west?” asked Katsushiro.  “They will be unguarded.”
“We can tell the peasants here that Hideyoshi has gone to rule them and secure his father’s wishes of a unified kingdom.  You can rule this province yourself.”  
Satsuma began to understand the idea, and only for his people did he consider impersonating the Daimyo.  
“Hideyoshi was once a General in his father’s army, but now you must lead in his place,” said Shinji.  “In the west we can place our strongest nobles to govern the people back to a powerful agrarian society, then they can tax the sale of their crops to send here to their families.”
“But our numbers were thinned by this war,” said the worried General.  “You suggest that we spread our samurai across twice as much land?”
“We can keep our fastest messengers on daily travels between the provinces to alert us to any trouble and I can traverse the ranks of other guilds to find ninja like myself to guard the surrounding forests, paying them generously from taxes we place on our nobles here.”
“This is a great plan.”
“If we can keep other provinces from thinking that we are weak enough to overthrow, we should be safe.  The people of this province will think Hideyoshi is stationed in the west, solidifying his father’s land and title, and the peasants there will assume the nobles are acting under the rule of the Daimyo here in the east.  In time the people’s freedom will spread and Hideyoshi Murai will outlast his death through politics.”
Katsushiro considered all the angles.  “This could work, assuming that we rush the western province now.”
“After I find the ronin who did this,” said Onozawa.  “I will kill Yoshimizu myself.  Gather your trustworthy nobles and tell them how we intend to offset this tragedy.”
Satsuma accepted the notion.  “They will prefer to maintain the order of life here, even as a lie, in place of becoming ronin themselves.  When are you planning to make your run?”
“Immediately,” said the ninja.  “Since the war blocked a direct route over the grasslands, the ronin will be traveling north of the mountains.  They have a child with them and will be moving slowly, and though I don’t know what Yoshimizu plans for Yukio, I do not intend to wait to find out.  When the tyrant is finally dead the stage will be set for revolution.”

* * * * *

While a storm was collecting on the horizon, dampening the sunlight as the day drifted into late afternoon, Shinji gathered a satchel of food and left on the main road.  Believing that they won the war and were granted peace, the farmers seemed happier than he had seen during his lifetime.  They knew nothing about the decimation of the ruling house or the fragility of the tide of battle, and soon their nobles would be charging west to assure that they would never know anything but their hard-earned victory.  As Onozawa headed north within the forest, the drop in pressure cooled the air with the moist wind and the climate calmed him with a sense of being within a limitless organism.  After a wall of water briefly covered the land, the wind dissipated and left the mist collecting as a fog.  
Workers were rummaging through the aftermath of war on the grasslands, placing weapons and armor onto horse drawn carts, and once at the crossroads to other provinces he moved into the open and saw the end of daylight brought on by dark clouds.  Assuming that the storm would slow the traveling ronin if they kept to the road, Shinji decided to circle the mountains inside the dense woodland and he moved through waystations between provinces to see if villages and marketplaces showed any sign of what he was searching for.  At the edge of a small town, passing traffic became heavier where farmers sold their goods, and as pedestrians rushed under the protection of the slanted rooftops, a group of young men from the Thieves Guild waited inside a cozy restaurant among dry patrons.  
Onozawa shadowed the group under the awning where they ordered nihonshu rice-wine from the cook and conversed about the good fortune they were having due to the instability of provincial civil wars.  The political structure provided the opportunity to unify all lands under a single ruler, but every Shogun who fought to control Edo had proposed a divine right to rule as an excuse to gain power, not to bring an end to the civil strife that had plagued them for centuries.  The thieves spoke about their travels and apparently knew about the war in the Southland, that a number of mercenaries had heeded Yoshimizu’s call for war, but they decided not to test the security of either province until the rivalry had been finished.  
They also spoke about a change of leadership within the Assassins Guild, who had broken their truce with the thieves, perhaps because the money they stole from royalty would otherwise be used as payment by nobles who had trouble financing their conflicts.  Mercenaries were left without work unless warlords like Yoshimizu called for them, and since the flux of the guilds influenced wars between bordering provinces, every thief and assassin was forced to prove their skills or fall below the peasant class and starve.  The young men of both guilds were impetuous and greedy and often rented themselves out as infantry before turning on the Governor who hired them, so Shinji knew that he would have to travel further to find trustworthy ninja to hold back the disreputable thieves who would see the weakened Southland as easy prey.  
After the group said something nasty about a passing ronin, he followed their gaze to a disheveled middle-aged samurai walking through the rain, and when he saw an eagle insignia displayed on his rusted armor he remembered Takeda’s warning.  He trailed the man to a local hotel, and after the ronin entered a single-story building, Onozawa hurried around the brick structure and peered between the wooden slats of the window.  The samurai with the eagle crest sat against the wall, guarding a young girl who was tied to the bed while the other man ended his shift and went to the adjacent room where his friends were drinking with courtesans.  There were too many enemies to take on at once, so Shinji waited.  
Within the hour a drunken ronin declared that he was going outside and a rough-faced warrior called Arata came into the open to let the cool rain refresh him.  His helmet was crooked as he bent over to run his fingers through the mulch, giving the ninja enough time to sneak up behind him.  When he slipped a wire over the samurai’s head and pulled tight, constricting his windpipe, the ronin dropped to one knee and threw his attacker over his shoulder.  Arata pulled a sword with a serrated edge after tearing the wire from his skin and opening a generous flow of blood from his neck.
“Are you going to call your friends?” Onozawa taunted.
The samurai strained to speak, and even if he had wanted to yell, his injury was too severe.  He attacked with his katana held underhanded and Shinji let it dig into a tree before scratching his hand with climbing claws, then he leapt off the sword-handle jutting from the bark and connected with a swift kick to the side of the Arata’s helmet, spinning him with the impact.  

* * * * *

Dressed in the dead man’s armor, Onozawa walked into the hotel where the samurai with the eagle’s crest was guarding Yukio.  He checked to see if she was hurt and found her sleeping under the weight of all the stress.
“Back so soon, Arata?” said the skinny ronin named Hashimoto, who was lounging comfortably with his polished helmet on the table beside him.  “What’s wrong, too drunk to speak?”
“Arata will see you in the afterlife,” said Shinji.
Hashimoto jumped to his feet with knives protruding from his closed fist like claws, and as Onozawa blocked, his forearm was torn open in long gashes.  He threw his helmet against Hashimoto’s skull and the ruckus called the attention of the men next door, who scrambled from their stupor to see what was happening.  With Hashimoto dazed from the blunt impact, he twisted the ronin’s claws back upon him and pierced his leather armor.  When the door was opened by a bearded samurai named Satoshi, Shinji threw a sai into his hand, stapling him to the wood, then he shoved Hashimoto into his friend to knock them back and flipped the table over to block the door.  
Yukio was awakened by the commotion and struggled to see through her blindfold until her savior cut her loose.  “Let’s go,” he said, picking her up and kicking open the window shades.  She wrapped her arms around him and started to cry.    
“My bird,” she reminded him, pointing to the cage in the corner.

* * * * *

The five remaining ronin pummeled the door until it opened, then they circled the hotel to find the body of Arata with his throat slit.
“Whoever he was, he bashed Hashimoto’s skull in and took the girl,” Satoshi reported.  “We still have the key, so maybe Yoshimizu won’t care that we lost his little girlfriend.”
While perched on the roof of the building hidden within the dense fog, Shinji held Yukio tight until the men were gone, then he jumped to the ground and set her down with her birdcage.
“Do you think it’s time to let her go yet?” he asked.  
“I’m not ready, I still love her too much,” she replied while still half-asleep.
“How do you know it’s a girl?”
“Because I named her Omi.  Can we go home now?” 
He picked her up again and walked into the mist as the dying sunlight behind the clouds painted the sky into a dull gray.  During their slow walk along the mountain range, Yukio kept her arms around his neck and closed her eyes.  
“Is my father dead?” she asked him.
“Yes.”
“Those men did it?”
“Yes,” he answered.
“Then I’m glad you hurt them.  Can I walk by myself?” she asked.  He put her down though she was barefoot and held her hand as they walked through the drifting mist.  “What’s a courtesan?” she wondered.
“What did you hear in that hotel?” 
“It sounded like animal noises.”
“A courtesan is a woman who sells herself to man’s basest desire.”
Yukio was surprised.  “She chooses that?”
“Some women are forced into it, but they are victims of great tragedy.  Other women choose that life and use their bodies to earn a living just as they are used.  It’s the easiest commodity to sell, even though the value of what they give up is far greater than anything in this world.”  
“What do they give up?”
“They sell their bodies but they give up self-respect.  They harm their higher nature by succumbing to the lowest, because all that career requires of them is to be animals.”  He heard a twig break in the distance and listened for movement.
“Why would they choose to hurt themselves like that?”  
“Sometimes it begins with an affliction, somebody hurts them and directs them to that path with abuse.  Once that momentum drives a person down, it takes integrity to pull themselves up.”
“Is that why they continue to fall?” she asked.  
“Sadly yes, because no one forgets the tragedies they relive with endless shame.” 
“Then we should learn to help them,” she said with wisdom greater than her years. 
“The path of the lost is a singular journey,” he replied.  “The greatest virtue of humanity is making the best of a tragic situation, but every life has an individual course and the true strength of any person relies on their ability to overcome.”
“But not everyone is alone in their struggle.”
“Being an individual means that you’re alone inside yourself.  If I could always be there to protect you, you wouldn’t have been kidnapped in the first place.”
She studied the dirt beneath her feet.  “Was I going to be turned into a courtesan?”
“I’m not sure,” he replied, unwilling to accept the possibility.
“Do you think I would have been strong enough to change myself back?”
“There is no coming back, the only option when the walls of your identity crumble is to fight through the pain.  That’s why there are two types of innocence, the naïve and the wise.”
“Then I must be naïve to ask all these questions,” Yukio lamented.
“It’s the only way to understand what you’ve experienced, and if you want to help people become wise, study life as much as you study books and give others what you have learned.  Life is inherently painful, but there are many paths that no one should ever have to take.”
“Even though I lost my family, I can’t always feel it.  I don’t want to be naïve, I would rather hurt to become wise.”
“Then you must be very strong, because not many people face life so bravely.”  
“The samurai do,” she said.
“No, they just need war to justify themselves and feel that they are not weak or afraid.  Good people go through hell and do not hurt others, they implode with that energy by focusing it inward.  It makes the loss that much more intense, but when they heal themselves they don’t accrue the negative karma of torment caused to others.”
“It’s sad,” she observed.  “Everyone seems so lost.”
“There’s a better way to see it,” said Onozawa.  “There are those who betray themselves while others make the choice to build a kingdom within.  There is always a chance to fight, the way your sister is right now.”
Yukio’s eyes lit up.  “She’s alive?”
“She wouldn’t let them abuse her.  She fought back.”
“What will I do if she dies?”
“You will always be a princess.  You’re not a normal girl.”
She skipped on her toes.  “Are you insulting me?” 
“Actually it’s the best compliment I can give.”
“What if I become a warrior, a woman sword-fighter?” she asked, floating in her imagination.
“I have killed men in battle, fathers with children no less innocent than you.”
“But they chose to be there, doesn’t that matter?  My father was defending his home, it had nothing to do with that stupid key even if it was a reminder of his parents.”
“Did the ronin speak of it?” 
“They said it was a worthless thing to destroy a kingdom for.  Without a Shogun our province will fall, right?  Is that what they were talking about?”
“I’m not going to let that happen,” he promised.   
“Then why didn’t you take the key back from them?” 
“Because Yoshimizu didn’t go to war for the key, he wants to rule the entire Southland.  The key’s only value is found in the golden case and nothing in it could be more valuable than you.”
She squeezed his hand.  “I hope when I grow up I fall in love with someone who lays it on as thick as you do.”
“It isn’t flattery if I’m just being honest...”   
She thought about it.  “If I can’t do anything about this war, I’ll have no place in my own home.”
“I’ll be there to take care of you,” he said.  “But first I have to end this.”  As they reached the crossroads and entered the forests of the eastern province, the smell of flowers filled a gentle breeze that pulled in from the ocean.
“Would you kill for me?” Yukio asked.
“I already have, Lotus.  I don’t know if any higher power mourns the death of ronin but I can’t be sure.  I was raised with a great respect for nature, and I spent so much of my life outdoors it was inevitable that I would be connected to the land that helped me survive.”
“My sister read me books on Shintoism and the tradition of nature worship, but most of the stories seem like fairy tales.  If I didn’t know what created the moon, I would say it was a spirit.  It even has a face, but that wouldn’t be true, it’s just a way for me to try and understand it.”
“That kind of superstition is dangerous when it comes to disaster.  It was a storm that defeated the Mongol army before they tried a second time to conquer our islands, but when the earth shakes and people are killed no one wants to think that the same divinity caused it.  If they did, the only reason it could happen is because we deserve it.  People believe that there is meaning behind it all and a higher will that decides our fates, but they often confuse hope with faith.  Sometimes we get lucky with chaos, other times we are destroyed, and in truth nothing decides our destinies apart from our own decisions wrought by the pattern of chaos.  Everyone hurts, everyone gets hungry, people die of disease and war.”
“Like my mom, chaos made her get sick?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“Thank you for not talking to me like I’m nothing but a child,” she said.  “Everyone I asked about her death treated me like I was beneath understanding.”
“Who did you ask?”
“My father and my sister.” 
“Maybe they couldn’t answer your questions because they were beneath understanding.  You have the Shinto shrine, have you tried speaking to your mom?”
“What do you mean?”
“Shinto ancestor-worship is designed to give the dead a place to live on inside us.”
“I thought it was just to remember her by.  Everyone who goes there cries a lot because they wish they could speak to her again.”
“What makes you think they can’t?  She’s dead but not gone, she’s a part of you and that can never change,” he said.  “You know, I lost my own mother when I was young.”
Yukio looked up at him.  “You did?”
“She killed herself because her beliefs were too rigid.  When our province disintegrated, she thought her family had as well and her identity collapsed.”
“I’m sorry, Shinji,” she said, holding his fingers with both of her small hands.
“I learned from her death that we cannot overcome what we do not understand, and since there will always be so little that we can comprehend about life due to our limited experience, it is best to keep an open mind.  Consciousness that is rigid will crack under pressure because it is too brittle, and one that is too soft will bend to others’ will without the ability to choose for itself.  As always, the middle way is the correct path.”
“Do you ever speak to your mom?”
“I’m not ready to face what she destroyed when she took her own life.  My father lost his will to live, and when that happened he followed her into the grave.  He drifted away slowly like the mist.”  
“So your mother made you lost?” 
“We could have moved on.  We were low-class anyway, so we gave up no social status with our Shogun’s demise.  We could’ve lived somewhere else, and even if it was a dangerous place at least we still would have been a family.”
“Is that why you love my family so much, because it was like getting your own back?”
He regarded her observation.  “This is a floating world,” he said.  “Life is a flowing river and every person is a leaf on its current.  Each leaf falls from a tree into the water at a random place while moving with the flow, and no matter how that leaf floats it will inevitably pass over rough water, rocks, and whirlpools.  It can only decide, as a human does, how to deal with that turmoil, and when a person chooses to attach themselves to negativity the leaf is pulled to shore, where it is fixed in that position until it dries up.  Those leaves that choose to continue over the rapids, getting knocked around and torn apart, eventually come to the end of the river where a waterfall drops them into a collected pond.  In that place after death there is no more sadness and no need to be attached, souls are able to collect in absolute comfort, free from the pain they experienced during life.”
“You think our mothers are there?” Yukio wondered.
Shinji thought about it and said, “I think yours is.”

* * * * *

She asked to be carried again when the day wore on, and he didn’t mind the slow pace since it gave him time to plan his next course of action.  After all, any vengeance brought against Yoshimizu would not only be for his treachery against Hideyoshi but to solidify Yukio’s safety in the future.  She slept with her arms around his neck and he felt her warm breath, making him wish that he could bring her pleasant dreams.  He then thought about Rumiko and her battle for survival in the healer’s hut, that she would be clogged with a fever from her body trying to repair itself while Takeda did what he could to stop the infection.  From his wandering life he found stability in her that always made him content, and she was so worthwhile a person that he believed he had a purpose and felt justified to forget himself as long as they were together.  He never thought ahead in their relationship either, because he wanted it to progress in a way that suited her desire.  
Onozawa had seen the dissolution of the Shinobi Guild when thieves and assassins broke apart from a single criminal clan to battle for scraps from the higher classes.  The thieves chose a career centered on leeching off of others while the ninja served an inconstant master when they were needed as clandestine spies, and their skill was so apparent in their ability to survive that it was even said that some must have been dishonored samurai attempting a new career.  Shinji had grown disgusted with the in-fighting between two wicked professions, so when he heard Hideyoshi’s decree spread over the island, he knew it was his chance to change.  
The danger of his lifestyle was in its anonymous nature and that was easily remedied, and though he could not alter his past experience, he found new loyalty in something higher than himself.  He stopped acting like a ninja and allowed the Daimyo’s daughters to get to know him, the greatest faith to be placed on him after his parents died.  The new bodyguards were constantly watched and rigorously tested by samurai who were weary about allowing dishonest people into the heart of their province, but a few ninja eventually grew to deserve the respect of the Daimyo and those entrusted to help guard his family were given the responsibility to defend against all threats, even other ninja.  
The three who were hired by Yoshimizu to steal the jade key had worked in the outer-compound, giving them plenty of chances to become petty thieves when their daily jobs consisted of gardening and blending into the background.  Certain nobles who distrusted the assassins always thought of them to be a hidden threat, and apparently they did not like to be treated as second class when they were lords of their own lives.  Doing menial work left them unmotivated to perform duties which included being patient, so Onozawa did not regret giving each of them a traitor’s death, believing that if greed would have brought conflict to both provinces eventually then giving the key to Yoshimizu would not have stopped the war.  
The night air was still and the moon hid behind dark clouds as he carried Yukio into her village on an indirect route.  He came to the bronze gates and the samurai guarding it nodded respectfully and let him in, then he went to her room and placed her in bed so she could sleep well and wake up in a known place.  The day was dragging on him as he quietly slid her door shut and his muscles started to ache after she was safe.  In the courtyard, he walked past bodies covered in sheets and the bloodstains where guards had been murdered.  He passed a watchman and asked where to find Katsushiro, and when he was pointed to the room where the Shogun had been killed, he walked in purposefully making noise so as not to be rude.  The General was kneeling respectfully on the mat where Hideyoshi’s body had been found.
“Where are you going to bury him?” Shinji asked.
“With his wife, though it seems like an insult not to be able to give him the farewell that he deserves.  I held a meeting with the nobles after you left and they agreed that it would be best to follow your plan.  We will bury the Daimyo in secret and let him live on in social policy.”
“You told them it was your idea, right?”
“Of course I did.”  Katsushiro continued to stare at the empty shrine.  “Our elite warriors will collect at sunrise for our final charge against the west.”  
“We will meet strong resistance,” presumed the ninja.  “Yoshimizu is likely paranoid about an attack, there are plenty of hungry predators waiting for his province to show any sign of weakness.”
“You discovered this on your journey?”
“Yes, when I killed two of the ronin who partook in our Daimyo’s death.”   
“So Yukio is home safe?”
“I shouldn’t have let her be taken in the first place.”
“When Hideyoshi ordered our strongest nobles into war, I allowed him to make the decision that left him open to attack.  The failure of his honor will be ours forever, but we can do him justice by carrying out his wishes.”
“I let the ronin keep the jade key, they should be bringing it to Yoshimizu soon.”
“Such a pathetic thing to represent his ego, let them bury him with it,” said Katsushiro.  “That satchel by the door is yours by the way, I had some food collected for you since I assume you’ll be heading out tonight to survey the western defense.” 
Onozawa looked to the corner and saw a bundle tied at the top.  “What are you meditating about at this time of night?” 
“About how I am supposed to rule,” said the General.  “I am not Hideyoshi.”
“He was a General in his father’s army and rose to Daimyo status the moment his father died.  Be glad that your family is still intact.”
“I never planned on this responsibility, my duty was to fight and be ready to die.  There is no thought to that, only movement.  Now my decisions will affect the lives of countless children.”
“You could develop co-rule with other Generals...”
“No, with that you have different opinions battling each other and it becomes a race to change nothing.  Even though the power of the Shogun is easily corrupted, what the people need is one person with the perfect view of what the province needs to prosper.  Hideyoshi was given that sensibility from his father, while I am just a warrior.”
“I’ve never heard a samurai be referred to as just a warrior.  You should rule this land the way your sword rules you.  Sharpen your intentions for your people and act accordingly.  Be decisive and selfless about your decrees.  Fight as a beast to protect your home the way you guard your life, but restrain that power when you act on the behalf of peasant children who depend upon your mercy.  A well-made sword will never break in battle, so shape your mind into one who wields infallibility.  When you act, you will be swift because your energy is directed to that end, and always do your meditating in private the way Hideyoshi did.  When you are seen by the nobles, they will react to your confidence and believe in your decisions.”
The General hesitated.  “What do you think is in the golden case?”
“Yoshimizu has trapped his soul within it, and getting the key isn’t going to release him.”
“If he’s an evil man, this battle will be justified, but if he was twisted by the death of his father and became driven to get a piece of him back, then even in our victory the lives he destroyed will float without peace or purpose.”
Shinji picked up the satchel.  “All the dead have to do is realize that the war is over.  No matter what reasons Yoshimizu had for having his brother killed and his niece kidnapped by dogs, he will suffer the consequence of our retribution.”
“You have done far more for this province than any samurai,” Satsuma proclaimed.
“Yet it won’t be enough.  Even if we defeat Yoshimizu and his nobles, hungry mouths will sweep down upon what remains, hoping for a bite.  Peace does not come to us in this life, it’s why we have to fight to deserve the next.”
“This is a responsibility I did not ask for,” the General said with solemn respect.
“You have to own it just the same.  Try not to dwell on failure or contemplate the death of your friend, Hideyoshi is with his wife now and they shine in Heaven.  If you want to see them again, step outside and walk through the garden.  Good spirits reside there.”  He stopped at the door.  “Thank you for the food, but I need one more thing...”
“What is it?”
“Your fastest horse.”

* * * * *

Onozawa raced on horseback across the grasslands as the clouds were swept away, leaving the stars illuminated against a blackened sky.  He aimed for the coastline, knowing that travel would be smoother on compacted sand than on wet grass.  The blood of dead soldiers was seeping into the earth that gave birth to them, and just like always some nutrients would fortify the soil as decay poisoned the areas wrought by putrescence.  While he rode hard he swore he could hear the war commencing, because if the spirits didn’t know that it was over or the trauma surrounding them did not let go and they failed to accept their fate, the battle would rage forever and the lives sacrificed would wander the territory without rest.  
He watched for clandestine soldiers patrolling the area and assumed that the ronin would be delayed in reaching the capitol of the western province.  The marshlands were difficult terrain to cover, especially for outsiders who didn’t know the area well.  Rainwater fed the wetlands from the mountain range and the density of wildlife threatened even seasoned samurai with predators beyond this world.  The healer Takeda had once traveled to that area when it was first yoked under the rule of Hideyoshi’s father, but he quickly came back to his home in the peaceful forest.  When Shinji later asked him why he cut his travels short, he replied, “Too many voices.”
After his horse got tired of sprinting, Onozawa slowed their pace and took the opportunity to eat.  He knew that Katsushiro would make a good replacement for Hideyoshi since the two had always been on the same page about the best method of rule, but the problem would be running both provinces efficiently and keeping the guilds out long enough to rebuild.  The western noble families would have to be displaced if they supported the current ruler and the rest would provide their loyalty with taxes, though if the peasants rebelled against ineffective leadership and were disgusted with the idea of trading one tyrant for another, the only revolution that might persist could be subdued by the idea of their ownership of the land.  
Even if the provinces were united, Yukio would need tutoring and education to be more powerful than women were allowed to be.  She had a will too strong to obey the blessed life and stay locked behind bronze gates that barred her from the world.  She would be given the splendor of wealth and would be honored by those who understood her history as a Princess to a murdered King, and her power would be absolute because Katsushiro would never deny her a say in the government out of respect for Hideyoshi.  The way Rumiko gravitated towards the knowledge she found in her father’s library, Yukio would inevitably seek the visceral experience of travel, and Shinji knew that she would need his guidance.  
Up ahead he saw hordes of dragonflies hovering over the grasslands and welcomed the tranquility of the marshes that eroded the coastline, leaving roots suspended like fingers stretching into the saltwater.  He found fruit growing wild when they entered the jungle and picked some as he tied the horse where it could easily be reached.  Moving on alone, he followed the wall of the outer-sanctum where attendants to the nobles stayed, and as watchmen patrolled the empty streets he circled the wealthy neighborhood where the Generals had drenched the area in excess.  After the nobles moved there when Hideshi Murai extended his reign, their elaborate palaces took up so much territory that they extended their property into the marshlands, and within a generation of rebuilding they felt like the undisputed rulers of the western province, entitled to the land as much as the Shogun himself.  
Onozawa neared the Governor’s compound and saw groups of samurai dressed in long robes, carrying their swords and wandering along the torch-lit roads while speaking to each other as if nothing was out of the ordinary.  When Katsushiro and his army would come to lay siege to the west, they would be the ones to hold onto tradition and refuse to surrender.  Shinji found a tree next to the wall and climbed into the inner compound, where he saw young women who were likely concubines.  They were dressed in lavish kimonos while congregating around one of the buildings, but something in their eyes made him think that they were slaves.  
Inside the gate, the most powerful nobles waited patiently, too relaxed to be aware of the danger they were in.  Even if the eastern province did not level their homeland, the weakness of their tyrant would attract the crime guilds, and as always the peasants who constituted the largest percentage of the population would be hardest hit.  Working to harvest the land, build weapons for the army, and create the crafts that enriched the higher classes, it was their effort that lifted the nobles, and for that they were given protection and stability.  If Katsushiro rampaged their defenses and gave the land to the peasants, a new kind of freedom would be provided to those who worked for it, and if all was handled with humility they would live out meager unhealthy lives and still be capable of enjoying the small amount of happiness they were allowed in this world.  
They would clearly need new leadership, with Yoshimizu perverted by his desire for power and his samurai poisoned by an obedience that made them docile, and Onozawa knew personally how the poor would become easy prey for brigands as he jumped to the adjacent rooftop and ran along the faded red tiles to the far end of the enclosure, looking for the most regal building.  He heard a heated discussion in the courtyard outside the Shogun’s private quarters and saw Yoshimizu sitting with his Generals, a gaunt man with an oval head and thin mustache hanging below the corners of his mouth.  The years weighed on him with his stressful preoccupation and he appeared to be a man who never rested from his obsessions.
“They will not ride on us!” a noble declared.
“I guarantee you, they will,” said the Daimyo.  “But it will be the death-throes of the eastern province as it shatters under its own weight.”
“Why are you so confident when you lost the war?”
“We lost the war, and now they will take their revenge,” Yoshimizu pressed.
“We never agreed to fight against our old province and you kept our elite samurai here to protect yourself.”
“Only because you decided against a great campaign to unite the Yamato Plains with glory not known since my father’s death,” the Shogun barked.  “You may not have wanted to fight, but none of you complained when I promised to grant you the land I conquered with mercenaries.”
“But you failed, and now your actions will bring upon us the repercussions of your appetite.  What are you not telling us?”
“I’m telling you all that matters, I have assured the future of our province.”
“With who, these dogs?” said a samurai, referring to the ronin who stood beside the group.  The statement was made to incite a fight, but the disgraced warriors who had killed Hideyoshi ignored the insult.  “Your father gave us this land,” the noble proclaimed.  “And after you sought war with your brother, the eastern province stands victorious.  You must accept this.”
“I sought war?  I seek it, to regain the honor my father gave away,” said the red-faced Daimyo.  
“Why do you not seek counsel with Hideyoshi?”
Yoshimizu glanced at his wrinkled hands with skin like an old farmer.  “It doesn’t matter now...”
“What does that mean?  You sold some of our crops to finance your war, but now that you have lost, you wish us to believe that we are no worse off?”
“The storehouses are full as I promised,” said the Shogun.  “We have plenty of food to last through the year.”
“It will do us little good if we do not survive the week!  Your father earned the power granted to him by his ancestors, he fought to insure the safety of his people and on his deathbed gave it to us out of respect for our ability to manage it, but you whimper and whine like a child over the honor your father bestowed upon you!”
“Impetuous whore!” yelled Yoshimizu, and the nobles fell silent to his outburst.  “I was your General time and again, have you forgotten that?  I bled as much to gain this territory held second to our home in the east.  This was a demotion, my father betrayed me!  If you do not protect our province, history will repeat itself, only this time it will be your dead bodies lining the streets.”   
“Speak to your brother,” a General proposed.  “Hideyoshi is a wise man with a forgiving heart.”
“It is too late for discussion.  Ready yourselves, the eastern province will attack us soon.  If we drive them away, our homeland will be returned to us for all we have endured.”  Yoshimizu left the group, followed by the ronin, and the nobles continued to speak among themselves as they filtered from the meeting.  Shinji watched the Shogun disappear into a single story structure near the jungle that stretched to the northern wall of the inner-compound.  He traversed the rooftops silently before jumping to the moist grass near the walkway and rolling beneath the stilts that held the building above unstable ground.  When he was directly under the Daimyo’s quarters, he strained to hear.
“We don’t know who he was, but he took the girl.”
“The girl is inconsequential,” said Yoshimizu.  “As long as you brought the key.”
“And that bonus you promised us?”
“The payment was to return what I told you to get, not to stop in at a brothel and give the enemy time to find you.”
“It was raining like a monsoon, did you want us to fall ill and become too weak to protect you?”
“I will pay you double if you stay and help us fight the eastern cavalry,” Yoshimizu offered.
“We already lost two of our friends –”
“Then stay and just protect me,” urged the Daimyo.
“Maybe if you pay us up front and give us access to the women we saw on the way in here.”
“You’re no good to me if you are distracted by lust.”
The group of ronin turned to walk away.  “Then we are no good to you at all...”
“Wait!” Yoshimizu exclaimed and Onozawa heard his footsteps scramble across the floor.  “Pick out a few ladies that suit your needs, but bring them from the inner-sanctum and use them in one of my guest houses.  I want you close to me, just in case.”
“Stress will kill you just as sure as any army, you would do well to enjoy your luxury.”  
“I will worry about my own mood,” said the Daimyo.  “Just do your job.”
Shinji heard the ronin exit the room and cross the walkway in the direction of the concubines, and when he was sure no one was left behind, he stepped quietly to the back door and slid open the wooden frame.  Yoshimizu was facing away from him as he fiddled with something, then after a loud click he fell to his knees and buried his face in his hands.  
“What have I done?” he said, a tremble carrying his voice from the utter breakdown of his conscience.
“You had your brother murdered,” Onozawa told him.  “Your niece was kidnapped by your order and mercenaries were sent to war against your people.”
Yoshimizu turned without any surprise left in him.  “Are you the one who attacked the ronin?”
“I’m the one who will bring balance to your insanity.”
The Daimyo threw the golden case to the floor at the assassin’s feet.  “Kill me, I will not scream for help.”
“It wouldn’t do you any good if you tried.”
“Don’t you want to see what all of this was for?” Yoshimizu said, pointing to the golden case that sat open on the mat.  
“I know what this was for.  Beneath that righteous exterior you are a bumbling and frightened child who betrayed his responsibility just to get back at his father.”
The Shogun’s eyes welled up with tears.  “You don’t know the entire story, there isn’t enough food to last until next year’s harvest.  The people will begin to starve in the middle of winter when my lies no longer remain hidden.”
“Then feel lucky that I will relieve you of your dishonor.”  
“Hideyoshi’s wife was mine first,” said Yoshimizu.  “I loved her from a distance, and before I could share my heart with her I was sent here.  I would’ve had a family, Yukio should’ve been my daughter.  Perhaps I might have saved her mother from the illness that destroyed her.”
Shinji pondered the revelation.  “So you had her kidnapped in the hope of taking back some of your supposed destiny?”
“But she should have been mine.”
“She is too strong to ever follow your demented desires.”
“I would have forced her to love me.” 
“Is that how you share your heart?”
“I have nothing else,” said the weeping Daimyo.
“You had everything, you had a kingdom, but your ingratitude cost you that pride so you took your brother’s life.”
“I wanted his honor to die with mine.”
“You failed, you only delivered him to his wife and the warmth of her waiting arms in Heaven.  You also tried to kill Rumiko, but she survived.  You stole Yukio to regain the family you never deserved until I took her back.  The eastern province will not crumble, instead your brother’s spirit will spread freedom to the peasants here.”
“Then kill me if I am so wicked.  Why do you hesitate, why do you want me to remember my failures?”
“It is only what you have earned.  You could kill yourself, or are you bereft of dignity as well?”
Yoshimizu was torn apart with guilt.  “What motivates such honor?”
“The attempt to avoid becoming you at this moment,” he replied.  “When you paid those ninja to steal the key, would your war have ended if you had opened the golden case before?”
The Daimyo clasped his hands over his stomach.  “All of this treachery has been for nothing.”
Onozawa picked up the golden case and saw that it contained an origami dragon folded out of green paper.  The structure was dynamic, made from exquisite skill and detail, but it was eating its own tail in an infinite loop.  “This is what you were missing...”  
“Yes.”
“It represents the comprehension of your deeds,” said the ninja.  “A display of the eternal cycle of disconnection.  The dragon has dominion over land, sea, and air, but this one chooses to eat itself away.  Do you have any idea how many people died for you to see this?”
Yoshimizu shivered at his words.  “Stop torturing me and finish this!”  When he walked forward with his hands open, begging to be killed, Shinji was filled with such disgust that he decked him in the jaw and knocked him to the ground.  
“There are orphans who must live their entire lives with the emptiness you have brought to them.  What makes you think that death will be the end of your suffering?”
Yoshimizu wiped the blood from his mouth as a conch shell was blown by the watchmen, alerting everyone to danger, and Onozawa ran to the door to see if any guards were coming.  The black panther he had seen in the woods strolled through the open and stepped gracefully into the room.  It sniffed around before settling its gaze upon Yoshimizu, who was stumbling over himself as if trapped in a nightmare.
“What kind of magic is this?” he said as the panther approached him, stalking him with lips curled above large fangs.  
The Daimyo took off running through the back door and jumped into the jungle, but the cat quickly caught up, slicing the back of his legs with razor claws.  Yoshimizu yelped like a lamb as he was finally taken down and the sound of his body being shred apart was audible from where Shinji stood.  While listening to the Shogun’s bones breaking, he took the origami dragon from the case and put it in his pocket.  
The bearded ronin Satoshi was the first to come to the door to see if his paycheck was still intact, and he froze when he saw the ninja who had killed his friends.  As he let out a scream to alert the others, Onozawa drew his sword and ran by, hacking into the samurai with enough strength to chop him in half.  His sword was dripping red on the walkway as he scanned the courtyard, in full view of numerous armed guards along with the other ronin.  He almost slipped in the puddle of Satoshi’s blood when he rushed into the Daimyo’s quarters and left through the back, heading east into the deep foliage and towards the front gate.  
Two archers stepped between the buildings of the inner compound and saw him splashing through the water of a bamboo grove.  When they pulled their bowstrings and took aim at Shinji in the leafy overgrowth, he threw a handful of shurikens into their wrists and they let their arrows loose in random directions.  They yelled to alert the rest of the watchmen and drew their swords, spreading their advance on the ninja until he tossed a hollow eggshell in their faces.  A fine white powder of crushed seashells blinded the nearest guard, and as he choked and scratched at his eyes, the assassin shoved his katana into him with an arterial squirt of blood.  The other archer blocked an attack, but his inferior blade broke and Onozawa split his skull.  
Shinji continued east through the bamboo stalks and into the gravel beside a thin river, where he heard the crisp snap of a bowstring before an arrow grazed his shoulder.  The stocky ronin who fired it placed two arrows on his string as he reloaded, but when he launched them, Onozawa let the arrowheads ricochet off the flat side of his sword.  The samurai realized the extent of his opponent’s skill and picked up a spear.
 “Did you kill the Daimyo Yoshimizu?” Sanjo asked through stained teeth.
“Did you kill the Daimyo Hideyoshi?” the ninja responded.
“So you’re here to return the insult, I didn’t know the eastern province hired assassins in their court.”
“And I didn’t think the west hired beasts in place of warriors.  Did you get paid well for damning yourself to the wandering infinite?”
Sanjo suddenly recognized him.  “You were the ninja who rescued that girl, you killed Arata and Hashimoto.”
“You’ll see them again very soon,” he promised.
The ronin swung his spear-tip from a distance and Shinji dodged from side to side, waiting for the right moment to attack as the broken bamboo stalks came drifting down.  When he saw his opening, he took off one of Sanjo’s hands at the wrist and the ronin backed away, cradling his injury while doing little more than soaking himself.
Onozawa flicked the blood off his blade.  “Which limb do you wish to lose next?”
Sanjo tried to bite back the pain but his strength was wasted, and when he slipped in the loose gravel and fell on his face, Shinji drove his sword down through the man’s spine.  After four watchmen blocked his escape at the water’s edge, he sheathed his weapon and picked up the dead ronin’s spear.
“Your Daimyo is dead,” he told them, “And if you knew what he was doing to your people you would thank me.”
“Surrender and your death will be swift,” a guard replied.  
Onozawa stepped forward and cracked his spear against the man’s leg, then he swung through the bamboo stalks, leaving them as pointed spikes sticking from the ground.  When the others attacked, he spun around and knocked the leader off his feet with a hard kick to the temple, tripping them all back and impaling them.  Another group of archers came through the grove like hunters, driving Shinji towards the buildings and into a narrow alleyway.  He climbed the wall and onto the rooftop, where he looked east to see soldiers gathering in the courtyard near the front gate.  Everything he had done to depose the Daimyo who was going to kill them by slow starvation had worked as much in their favor as his own, but none of them knew what had occurred.  
When the watchmen split ranks and covered both sides of the building to flush him out, he ran along the apex of the roof and jumped to the next awning with a wave of arrows flying past him.  One caught in his lower leg and he slipped down the slanted tiles, falling through the thick branches of the marshland and landing in the bushes.  The archers came to search, but they found no sign of the assassin.  
“Damn ninja tricks, he didn’t just disappear!”
They separated to find him, poking their weapons into compact greenery and moving low-hanging vines around possible hiding places.  After one of the guards shoved his blade into a shrub and struck metal, a sword shot out from the leaves and stabbed him.  The others hurried to the dead man and waited for the slightest noise, but the assassin sliced two of them open in a red mist that blinded the others.  Onozawa found the same path he had taken to get in and followed the southern wall of the compound where there were plenty of shadows, and as dawn approached in the cool morning he climbed the overgrown vines to escape from the inner-sanctum.  
Nearby, he could hear nobles conversing about the death of Yoshimizu until a messenger arrived to inform them that the eastern province was gathering their cavalry.  They disregarded the notion that Hideyoshi, whom they all believed was still alive, would order the annihilation of the west after winning such a decisive battle, but they were all disgusted by the idea of begging for mercy and their pride overcame a simple desire for peace.  They didn’t know that their warehouses were emptied by Yoshimizu to pay for the battle he had already lost, so they asserted their sovereignty and sent out word to prepare for war.  
With the darkness pierced by blue light arriving slowly from the east, Shinji looked for the stables and found them near the fresh-water river.  After he cut the ropes that tethered the cavalry’s horses, he reacted to the sound of quickly approaching footsteps and ducked under a huge blade that loudly cut the air.  He backed away from the ronin who held a broadsword that was almost too heavy for him to carry.   
“I saw you from my lookout post and I’ve sent for the others,” said Takemura, a grizzled man with shaggy hair.
“You can’t handle this yourself?” 
“Are you goading me to impatience?” asked the ronin.
“Are you stalling because you’re afraid of me?  The Shogun you were supposed to protect is dead, and since you have no loyalty except to yourself, you don’t have to die today.  It can be a golden morning.”
Takemura swung and missed, and the violence frightened the horses into a sprint towards the grasslands to the east.  As a riot of voices echoed from the front gate where the nobles and servants scurried to collect their animals, the middle aged ronin closed the distance to Onozawa in the loose soil near the ocean’s edge.  
“You hold your blade like a samurai,” he noticed.  
“So do you,” replied the assassin.
Takemura heaved his broadsword in a wide arc and it spit out wood-chips as it sunk into the bark of a tree.  After Shinji shattered the weapon into protruding jagged metal pieces, he kicked the samurai back and fatally pierced him.  With the sun rising behind thin clouds and a glowing silver tint, by the time Onozawa reached his horse and spurred it into a run, the last two ronin had caught up and were following him along the shore.  He turned onto the grasslands and let his enemies gain ground, and as they cleared the earth-mound they saw his horse running alone in the waist-high grass.  They reacted too late to avoid the ambush when Shinji cut the saddle-strap of the ronin Takeshi, who grunted as he hit the ground and fumbled for the two katanas attached to his waist.  The other samurai named Masamune circled back but was impaled when the ninja threw his sword like a spear.  
Takeshi tightened his grip on his weapons and wiped the blood from his forehead.  “You’re the one who took the little girl...”
“We’ll be even after I take your head.”  Onozawa staggered among the flowers with the bleeding arrow-wound in his leg and disturbed white butterflies that lifted into the air.
Takeshi came forward with both blades swinging and sliced a rough wound across the ninja’s shoulder.  Shinji retaliated, breaking the ronin’s nose with an open palm strike that sent him reeling over the earth-mound and onto the sandy beach.  While remembering the carnage at Hideyoshi’s compound, he disarmed Takeshi and drowned him in the ocean.  The ground quaked as the cavalry from the east began their march to war, but Onozawa was overtaken by blood-loss and he passed out on the coastline, glad that he could tell Yukio that her father’s death had been avenged.  

* * * * *

He woke in the warm sand with the sun burning his eyes, and he looked into the ubiquitous haze of the sky while the deep hum of the waves pulled back.  The noise of battle could be heard in the screams of dying men with the sound of flesh being split as he crawled onto the grasslands to rip his sword loose from the dead ronin Masamune.  Along the crops and roads of the provincial city of the marshlands to the west, the war was scattered onto the sloping hills and most of the nobles were forced to fight on foot to a severe disadvantage after they failed to recover the horses that Shinji set loose.  
On the edge of the flatlands lining the road to the north, peasant families were observing the fate of their province playing out in the streets.  If anyone knew that both Shoguns had been killed, their faith in the societal hierarchy that held the Southland together would vanish, even if Hideyoshi’s kindness had already dissolved the power structure and the new form it took granted them relative freedom.  
Onozawa found Katsushiro and his cavalry eviscerating the enemy nobles and the General regarded him curiously.  “Where did you come from?”
He ignored his nagging headache.  “Yoshimizu is dead.”  
“Then this battle is unnecessary,” Satsuma replied.  “The nobles think we’re here to steal their land.”
“Yoshimizu didn’t tell them about the assassination of his brother, but there is no way to stop this war if no one will listen.  The Daimyo was going to starve them to death, he sold their crops to pay for his mercenaries just as we assumed.”
Since the heaviest defense was mounted near the inner sanctum, Katsushiro left his warhorse and ran with Shinji to find the nobles.  Once in the Governor’s compound, samurai were fighting on the shrines of their ancestors and enemy archers on the walls were firing upon the invading cavalry.  When Onozawa reached the longest buildings in the row and threw open the warehouses, the emptiness was revealed to the enemy Generals nearby and they hurried to the others.  After flinging the doors open, the noblemen stood in shock, no longer intent on battle without a purpose.  
One of them said, “Scores of wagons were brought in here day and night leading up to the war, but Yoshimizu assured us that he would leave enough food for winter.  When the season ends, the harvest will be over and we will have nothing left!”
“Even if you won the war, there isn’t enough food in the east to support your people,” Satsuma told him.  “We only came to assure that no madness would consume your lord and threaten our homeland.”
“I will kill him myself,” the General replied.  
“It is already done,” Shinji revealed.  “We only wish to grant your people ownership of the land they tend and unite the provinces under equal rule.”  
“This is decreed by Hideyoshi?” 
Katsushiro nodded.  “Yes, it was Hideyoshi’s decree.  You will be protected under the rule of a man who cherishes his subjects more than his own power.  Everything your Daimyo left in his failed war will be sold to buy food to fill these warehouses, and that should hold you until the next harvest.  Yoshimizu has failed you, so who would you trust with your protection besides a united Southland?”
The General considered the truce and with quick resolution took off running towards a small building near the main road that contained the implements of the watchmen’s duty.  As he retrieved a large conch shell, a little girl broke from the peasant families and chased her cat into the path of charging horses.  The frightened mother screamed when she saw her daughter close to being trampled, and her terror pulled the warriors from their adrenaline long enough for everyone to hear the low rumbling tone of the alarm.  As the alert spread, the Generals yelled orders to their armies, letting the truth be known about the death of Yoshimizu.  Katsushiro announced that Hideyoshi was the sole ruler of the Southland and as the war came to an end, ownership of the land was immediately granted, settling the minds of the nobles who preferred the long process of politics over complete annihilation.  After the armies began talks for unification with enough confusion to deal with, Onozawa headed home.

* * * * *

He rode across the grasslands and entered the main path to the Governor’s compound, where the wind carried the scent of the flowers in Hideyoshi’s garden.  When he finally got to the edge of town, peasants roaming the streets looked to him like a General in their army, questioning him extensively about the war.  His service in battle and his consistent loyalty to the Shogun’s family brought him respect from the commoners who looked to him for words of victory.  They wanted to be reminded that their sacrifice had provided them with the constancy of peace, and although he could not promise them a future without conflict, he told them that the arduous process to unite with the opposing army had begun.  
When he relayed the death of Yoshimizu they knew what it meant, because even if their comfort was based on a lie after Hideyoshi had been killed, their future resided in the belief that stability was absolute.  After giving them the news, Shinji walked his horse to the bronze gates and the guards let him in without question.  Once inside, he crossed the courtyard and saw Yukio standing by the pond.  
“I didn’t know if you would come back,” she said, staring at the large goldfish.  “What did you bring me this time?” 
He could tell that she had been crying, so he reached into his pocket and handed her the origami dragon from the golden case.  “Your grandfather made this.”
“I wasn’t being serious,” she said, and he saw an adult woman staring through the child’s face.
“It’s a piece of him that you can still hold onto.  He united the Southland and we achieved the same thing today.  Your kingdom is returned.”
“A kingdom instead of a family?  You’re the only one I have left.”  When Yukio hugged him, he realized that she had been crying about him and not her parents.  He had never been regarded as important as she considered him to be.  “I don’t want it,” she told him.  “It’s not my kingdom anyway.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m going to build a shrine for my father.  But not here, I want everybody to see it.”
“We can’t do that, Lotus.  People need to believe that your father is still alive, it’s the only way they can be confident in their freedom.  The peasants will feel responsible for their work but they are still beholden to the nobles.”
“So it’s a lie?  I have to act the same as before?”  Yukio frowned, fighting back her tears.  “There’s no honor in deception.  Look at those samurai, they would die before letting anything happen to me, but now you say we have to lie to keep this land united?”
“Civilization is a lie,” said Onozawa.  “And many adults are not as mature as you already are.  Everyone has lost someone close to them in this war, what keeps them hopeful is the knowledge that they are justified in their survival.  The nobles own the land because peasants don’t work for themselves, but they cannot know that social status doesn’t make you happy, only feeling as if you are a part of something can.  Your father’s decree showed them that they own the land in this region, that all the tasks that are considered low-class and disdainful are essential to their province.  Isn’t your father still half of what you are?” 
“I guess so.”
“Then if he’s in Heaven, so are you.  Just stay with him and that’ll be your connection to what is greater than humanity, honor and innocence.”
“You helped me keep my innocence from those ronin,” she said.  “So if you have honor, we make a great team.”
He nodded.  “I’m just a ninja.”  
“So what, I’m just a girl!” she said loud enough for the samurai to hear.
“No,” he smiled.  “You’re a Lotus.”
She held the origami dragon that was eating its own tail.  “This is delicate, I’m not delicate.”
“I didn’t say that you were delicate, I said that you were beautiful.  Do you think it’s easy to be beautiful and innocent?”
“It is if you live like a monk, like my sister,” she said.  “Do you think she’s okay?”
“Are you going to be okay?” 
“Are you going to leave me now?” she asked.
“Not for long.”
“So you’re coming back?”
“Of course,” he said.
“Then you have time for one more thing.”  She grabbed his hand and took him to her room.  “Wait here,” she said at the door before going in and retrieving her birdcage.  “It’s wrong for me to keep her trapped, she belongs in the open.”
“There are falcons in this area,” he warned.  “She could be in danger.”
“That doesn’t matter, she needs to fly.”  Yukio opened the cage and the small bird hopped out before it took to the air and disappeared over the rooftops.  “She’ll be back, she knows who feeds her.”  She declared in a mock-regal voice, “You can go now, I don’t need you anymore.”
“I’ll be back soon, Lotus,” he promised.
“Prove it,” she replied.  “And tell my sister that I miss her, okay?”

* * * * *

Shinji passed the bronze gates of the Governor’s compound and saw the nobles riding into town with Katsushiro leading a convoy of injured soldiers who were near death from terrible wounds.  
“Send out messengers and declare the Southland reunited,” he told the General.
“Not everyone will believe our boasting.  The west will be seen as a capitol in ruins.”
“Not everyone has to believe it, only the other Shoguns.  I will journey soon to find ninja who can hold off bandits until we are strong again.”
Katsushiro smiled.  “We?  You want a place in my army?” 
“Very funny.”  
“Do you think we can maintain this lie?” Satsuma asked, nodding to the peasants who were helping the incapacitated warriors.
“It doesn’t have to be forever, and if they find out eventually they will know what they can accomplish without a Daimyo.  Hopefully they can understand that their freedom is their living governor.”  
“What about Hideyoshi’s daughters?”
“I’m going to check on Rumiko at the healer’s river.  I pray she’s doing well.”
“And what about Yukio, can she handle this?”
“We’ll see.  I think it’s clear that she won’t be staying in the compound like a caged bird, though.”
“You know her this well?” Katsushiro asked with respect.
“It isn’t difficult to see.  She’s strong and restless, that combination of traits sends people out into the world to find a type of comfort never found at home.  She needs excitement to stir her blood.  Stability to her is stagnation, so perhaps focus will come later in life.”
“She’s your sister now, isn’t she?”
“She’s my responsibility, yes.”
“You’re an odd ninja to have such roots,” said the General.
“We’re in a different war now, it requires a different kind of connection.”
“Hope?”
“Hope doesn’t ground people in reality, pain does.”
“But people run from pain of all kinds.”  
“Not all people,” said Onozawa.  “We have to lose so much to find so little, and in doing so we learn to see that what seems insignificant has the greatest value.  I’m not a samurai, remember, the people who run into battle are the ones who die first.  Pride is victory for the weak and that’s what makes it petty, the weak should value what destroys them because that’s what makes victory great.”
“Your victory is revenge, so how does it taste?” Satsuma wondered. 
“As bitter as sea-salt.  My job was to protect Hideyoshi and I failed.”
“But with your plan this province will remain strong.  What was left from Yoshimizu’s defeated mercenary army will supply both provinces with enough food to get through the winter.  It took a ninja to find the lie that would save us.”
“I think I can be happy without knowing how everything in this world works,” said Shinji.  “Just have faith in yourself, because the answers are bigger than all of us.”  
Katsushiro searched the landscape and felt at peace in the sunshine.  When he looked back, the ninja was gone.

* * * * *

“The birds told me you were here!” said Takeda, wobbling on thin bow-legs to greet his visitor.
“Is Rumiko okay?” Onozawa pressed, and the healer nodded his round little head.  
“Now she’s a deer.”  
“Is she okay?” he asked again.
“A deer is not always timid, it has swords on its head!”
“So she’s alive,” he said, finally getting his answer and continuing to the healer’s hut by the river.
“Yes, but she ran away.”
“Why didn’t you stop her?” 
“Small minds cannot see that women can never truly be held.  I see things because I am not you.”
“And what did you see in her?”
“I told you, she’s a deer.  What does a deer do?”
“Graze and escape predators...”
“Exactly,” said Takeda.  “She left to find nourishment.”
“What did you tell her?” 
“I told Rumiko that her sister is safe.  She knows that her father is dead, though.”
“She couldn’t know about my vengeance upon Yoshimizu.  Did you talk to the panther as well?” he teased.
“Nobody talks to the panther, the panther speaks and you listen.  He is the spirit of Hideyoshi’s father, taking back the illness he brought to this land.  Yoshimizu went over the waterfall, but when he follows the current into the ocean, bitter salt will be his eternity.”
“You truly are a visionary,” said the ninja.
“Some plants make you insane if you are insane, others give you sight if you have sight.”  The healer clasped his hands in front of him and they reached the river where it disappeared over the cliff.  “A lot of families are broken and many more innocents are going to die.  There will be much pain, but I see people making shadows solid as they build their hearts into monuments.  We need vision to see those monuments.”
“Where would Rumiko go?”
“She headed north to find sustenance.”
“I killed the men who harmed her –”
“But you didn’t replace her loss, she must do that herself.  She has to find stars in daylight,” said the healer.  “She does not know the forest but the forest knows her, so find the warrior monks north of here, they have more power than I do.  They can walk through walls, see through stone, and they commune with spirits who won’t speak to me.”  
After Takeda looked shamefully into the dirt and walked into his hut, Shinji scanned the flowing water and listened to it crashing far below.  Before heading home to gather supplies and inform Yukio of his journey, he dipped his fingers into the cool stream where errant leaves were pushed against his hand.  When he stood again, they moved forward and disappeared over the waterfall.





