



Hawk Banks

Founding Texas

By

D. Allen Henry

© D. Allen Henry 2014


Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. This includes free copies, as Smashwords is utilized to track download totals.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 
On the Cover

Photo constructed using Adobe Photoshop by the author to overlap the following two copyright free images:

Daniel Boone Escorting Settlers Through the Cumberland Gap by George Caleb Bingham 1851-52.jpg, accessed in March, 2014 at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Daniel_Boone_Escorting_Settlers_Through_the_Cumberland_Gap_by_George_Caleb_Bingham_1851-52.jpg {{PD-1923}}

A settlers farm yard.jpg by Thomas Mower Martin, 1909, accessed in March, 2014 at 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:A_settlers_farm_yard.jpg {{PD-1923}}
Also by D. Allen Henry


The Starry Message https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/155956


Dedication

To my wife Claudia,
who spent countless hours reading and commenting,
tolerating me as I typed obsessively,
and patiently listening to my relentless commentary,
such as the tale of Mephistopheles…

Preface

Significant portions of this novel were published by me some years ago under the title Renegade Republic.  At that time, Renegade Republic comprising my first novel, I was a novice to the genre of literary fiction.  As such, my skills were perhaps in need of extensive honing.  Having now completed six additional novels, not to mention two historical nonfiction texts, both my skills and my perspective have been irrevocably altered and, one would hope, much to the better.  
At the time that I conceived the original story told herein, my primary motivation was to impart history via a fictional frame of reference.  Some years having passed, I recently decided to take up Renegade Republic and read it through, this time hopefully from the perspective of a detached critic.  While this is admittedly impossible for the author him- or herself, I submit that I did in a certain fashion accomplish my mission.  Finding the prose therein woefully inadequate, I set out to improve the style within, but, as is often the case in life, I found that I had moved on, perhaps even – matured.  
Indeed, not only had my literary style evolved, my primary motivation had altered as well.  In the process of rewriting Renegade Republic, I found that my interest had undergone a reflective transformation, from an interest in imparting history via a fictional frame of reference, to imparting fiction via a historical frame of reference.  Realizing this to be the case, I became aware that my current focus necessitated sufficient alteration in the original account to necessitate the publication of my story under a new title – Hawk Banks.  This then is my explanation for the transformation within these pages.
This book grew out of a lifetime of fascination with my home state.  It is important to note that it is a work of fiction.  As such, readers with an eye to historical accuracy will doubtless find many details within these pages that do not meet their expectations.  Indeed, I do not count myself a historian, nor is that my purpose here.  Rather, my aim has been to tell an interesting fictional tale of how the events might have appeared to people swept up within the Texas Revolution.  If I have imparted some history along the way, then I consider that to be frosting on the cake.  For example, it is known that several tribes of indigenous Indians were still living in Texas during the time of the Texas Revolution, and raids by them on settlers were not uncommon.  Also, it is known that a major snow storm struck extreme South Texas during Santa Anna’s march northwards.  These are examples of two historically accurate events that I have fitted within the storyline.
Where I have erred historically, the blame is mine and mine alone, as I have not consulted anyone now living in this endeavor.  However, I have attempted to develop characters, as well as the storyline, within a properly historical timeframe.  Where I have failed to do so, and I most assuredly have, I apologize to those who may be offended.  In most cases, at least I have erred unintentionally.  Indeed, I have consulted several recent publications on the historical events of the time period laid herein, and the interested reader will find those publications listed in the section entitled “Selected Additional Readings” at the end of the book.
The characters within this novel are of widely varying upbringing.  As such, it stands to reason that their manner of speaking would also differ.  Where possible, I have attempted to reflect these differences within the monologue.  However, I have in many cases softened these differences in order to avoid detracting from the storyline.  For example, though Hank MacElrae is Scottish by birth, I have endowed his persona with a Southern style, whereas Hak Banks, being an educated Bostonian, has been equipped with a distinctly Northern style.  Still, I am mindful of the fact that both language and style of writing have evolved considerably in the last two centuries.  Accordingly, I have attempted to retain some customs of the early nineteenth century without diminishing the content of this novel.  
The events portrayed within this novel took place over a span of time punctuated by numerous historical events within Texas and Mexico that may not be familiar to the reader.  With this thought in mind, I have provided a Foreword, a Historical Timeline, a List of Main Characters, and a Glossary of Terms and Places immediately after this preface.
Finally, I have in most cases added location and date headings in boldface whenever there is a change of scene within the book.  With regard to each of these subheadings, the reader is advised that the text contained within each of subheading is intended to portray the perspective of the character whose name is written in boldface at the beginning of the respective section.
The interested reader will find further information and photos related to the events chronicled in this book at my website: http://www.dallenhenry.com/.  There is also an extensive literature on the subject that is at the fingertips of anyone who possesses access to the internet.  A quick check will inform those interested that the history of the Texas Revolution is a living and thriving subject even today, with many of the events still undergoing continued study, elucidation and clarification.  I have purposefully avoided engaging in as much of the controversy surrounding these current issues as I am able.

D.A.H.
June, 2014



Foreword

As far back as anyone can remember, there have always been disparate groups of people living in Western Europe.  For a period of time around two thousand years ago the Romans seem to have united many of these into a single Republic, and ultimately, an Empire.  But the old underlying tensions, related to culture, language, and even physical appearance came back.  After the Roman Empire fell in 476, the lack of a central government caused the written word to disappear rapidly, thereby leading to the reescalation of the old cultural barriers.  By the time of the Renaissance in the 14th century, deep seated mistrust pervaded national and ideological boundaries throughout Western Europe.  
By the dawn of the 16th century a new wave of world exploration was underway, fueled by the expeditions of Columbus, Cabral, and others.  In 1522-24 members of Magellan’s crew circled the globe under the Spanish flag.  The Portuguese were their chief competitors in these endeavors, but by the end of the century, practically every country of any significance was in the competition, thirsty for new sources of wealth.  
The Spanish were the leaders of exploration in the Central part of the Americas.  Cortez crossed the Isthmus of Panama and subdued the Aztecs.  And to the north, Coronado and De Vaca were the first explorers from Europe to pass through the area we now call Texas.  The Spanish missions were later built throughout the southern area of the modern day United States.  In 1793, the mission San Antonio de Valero was built along the San Antonio River.  Today we call that mission the Alamo.
Further east, in the colonies, events were unfolding around the same time that would eventually lead to conflict in the area known today as Texas.  The American Revolution, as it is called today, was really a colonial revolt rather than a revolution, albeit a successful one in that its outcome was the creation of the United States of America.  This new country became a magnet for the poor, the dispossessed, the outlawed, and the gold diggers of Europe.  Having no opportunities to improve their lives at home, the migration westward across the Atlantic accelerated, resulting in an ever increasing pressure for settlers to move inland in the early part of the nineteenth century in a quest for the one thing that was most revered for sustaining human life – land.  
Thomas Jefferson, the third president of the United States, understood this fact intimately, having himself become a significant land owner in Virginia.  With a bold stroke, he purchased Louisiana from Napoleon in 1803 for fifteen million dollars and overnight doubled the size of the fledgling country.  While his move was questioned at the time, no one has since been so naive.  
While the Louisiana Purchase temporarily quenched the quest for land by the settlers in North America, it was inevitable that the unchecked migration of Europeans would eventually mean that even more land was needed.  At the southwestern boundary of the Louisiana Purchase lay a vast territory claimed by the Spanish since the times of the great explorations of the early sixteenth century.  This territory included Texas, and by the 1820’s it was well within the sites of the settlers pressing westward.  
It was at this point that Moses Austin sought and received approval from the Spanish government to colonize a large portion of southeast Texas, roughly stretching eastward from the San Antonio River to the Trinity River.  Having secured this dispensation, he was in route back to Missouri to fetch his family in 1821 when he contracted pneumonia, from which he ultimately died.  
His son Stephen was destined to take up his father’s quest and colonize Texas with a group of settlers that would come to be known as “the old three hundred”.  In 1822 Stephen Austin arrived in southeast Texas with his hand-picked families.  They were essentially the first non-Hispanic settlers of any significance to settle in Texas.  As such, their allegiance was supposed to be to the country of Spain, which ruled Texas through their colony of Mexico.  But by the time the colonists arrived in Texas in 1822 Mexico had gained independence from Spain, and the colonies fell under the rule of the Republic of Mexico.    
At the time Mexico had an estimated population of eight million people.  The northern portion of Mexico, called Coahuila y Tejas to the citizens of Mexico, was considered to be a wild and largely uninhabited territory of little value.  Perhaps ten thousand Mexican citizens lived in the entire area north of the Rio Grande (called the Rio Bravo in Mexico).  
The military hero of the Mexican war for independence from Spain was the mercurial Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna.  He led the Mexican army to a great victory at Veracruz in 1821, thereby securing independence from Spain for Mexico.
Thus, shortly after arriving in Texas, the old three hundred found themselves without a treaty, as their colony had been established by Stephen Austin’s father with the government of Spain.  Not to be deterred, Austin travelled to Mexico City and secured a new treaty for the colony in Texas.  The three hundred became citizens of the newly formed country of Mexico, and would remain so until they found it necessary themselves to revolt more than a decade later.
Within this patchwork of Americans, Europeans, and Mexicans north of the Rio Grande a sort of camaraderie was to develop during the decade of the 1820’s that was respectful and even friendly despite the barriers imposed by differences in language and culture.  Although Hispanics were more common west of the San Antonio River, east of the San Antonio River Mexican villas and haciendas were to become neighbors to English speaking settlers who were for the most part farmers.  This sparsely populated region composed almost entirely of immigrants was able to flower and grow because the populace shared a single common desire – to build a new life on the Texas plains.  
Unfortunately, the peaceful coexistence among the settlers was to be repeatedly assaulted by the government of Mexico to the south.  And occasionally the assaults came in the form of incursions by military forces.  It would not be a stretch to say that the settlers who lived in Texas at the time, no matter where they came from, were coexisting for the most part contentedly, but as is so often the case, distant governments are prone to misunderstand the local populace.  Such was the case on multiple occasions in Texas.  
By the early 1830’s the government of Mexico had become more and more incursive.  Whether this was intrinsic or was caused by the repeated waffling of Lopez de Santa Anna is immaterial, the reality is that Santa Anna seized power and formed a new government with himself as president in 1832.  Over the succeeding months he enacted laws that seemed capricious to the Texians, they having been used to the democratic ways of England and the United States.  Eventually, Santa Anna repealed the Mexican constitution of 1824, thereby essentially setting himself up as de facto dictator of Mexico.  Unfortunately, this did not sit well with the Texians.
The result was the so-called Anahuac disturbance in the summer of 1835.  A Mexican army was sent by sea northward from Veracruz to quell a perceived uprising by a band of Texians.  Although the outcome was peaceful, and with significant bloodshed thereby avoided, the seeds had been laid for a coming revolution.


Historical Timeline

1812-15  

War of 1812, Sam Houston serves under Andrew Jackson

1810-22

Santa Anna serves in the Mexican military

1821

Santa Anna leads Mexican forces at the Battle of Veracruz
Moses Austin receives imperial grant from Spain for Texas colony
Mexico defeats Spain and declares independence

1822

Stephen Austin arrives in Texas with the first of the “old three hundred” and begins the Austin colony

1824

The Republic of Mexico completes its first Constitution

1829

Santa Anna leads Mexican forces to victory against Spain at the battle of Tampico, becoming “The Napoleon of the West”

1832

December – Sam Houston departs the Oklahoma territory for Texas

1833 

April 1 - Santa Anna elected president of Mexico

July 18 – Stephen Austin departs for Mexico in a vain attempt to help restore order.  He is eventually imprisoned there.

1834

Santa Anna rescinds the constitution of 1824 and sets up a military dictatorship

1835 

January-June – worried Texans begin forming committees of correspondence, especially at San Felipe de Austin

May 12 – Santa Anna defeats the Zacatecan militia

June 30 – William B. Travis commands a small force of Texians who demand and receive the surrender of the Mexican garrison under Captain Tenorio at Fort Anahuac 

July 13 – Stephen Austin is released from captivity in Mexico

July-September – Santa Anna sends reinforcements to La Bahia (Goliad) under Colonel Condelle, Bexar (San Antonio) under General Cos, and Gonzales under Colonel Ugartechea

September 16 – General Cos occupies San Antonio with a force of 800 soldiers

September 19 - Austin sends out a call to arms to Texians to rally in Gonzales

October – the Permanent Council meets at San Felipe and elects Richard Royall of Matagorda president

October 2 – The first battle of the revolution, fought at Gonzales; A small force of Texians under the command of Colonel John Moore attacks the Mexican Army, under Captain Francisco Castaneda; after a brief skirmish, the Mexican force withdraws to San Antonio 

October 10 – Texians attack and take the presidio at La Bahia, unaware that General Cos has departed for Bexar

October 11 – Stephen Austin is elected Commanding General of the Volunteer Army of Texas

October 13 – Austin leads the Volunteer Army of Texas overland to Bexar

October 20 -December 9 – siege of Bexar

October 28 - The Battle of Concepcion pits Colonel Ugartechea against Colonels Bowie and Fannin in the first major battle of the war

November 3 – Under the command of Captain Phillip Dimmitt, Texian forces take Fort Lipantitlan

November 2-14 – Texians dissolve the Permanent Council and begin a new government at San Felipe; Henry Smith is elected governor, Sam Houston is elected commander-in-chief of the regular army of Texas, and Austin, Branch Archer and William Wharton are appointed commissioners to the United States 

November 24 -Austin resigns as commander of the Army and the Texians at Bexar elect Edward Burleson as commander of the Army at Bexar

November 28 – Texians under the command of James Bowie win The Grass Fight

December 5 – Ben Milam leads troops into San Antonio, he is killed on December 7

December 9 - General Cos vacates San Antonio de Bexar and occupies the Alamo

December 11 – Cos surrenders, his troops are allowed to march to Mexico

December 15- General Burleson, thinking the war is over, resigns his commission and returns home; many Texians follow

1836

January 3 – Dr. James Grant and Colonel James Fannin lead a force south from Bexar with the intent of capturing Matamoros; the Texian force at San Antonio is thus decimated

January 17 – Governor Smith sends Colonel James Bowie from Goliad to support the garrison at San Antonio

January 24 – Governor Smith orders Colonel William Travis to San Antonio to support Colonel Neill

January 30 – General Houston places himself on furlough until March 1, stating to Governor Smith that he cannot lead an army that is so poorly conceived

February 1 – Davy Crockett arrives at the Alamo with a small band of Tennesseans

February 23 – General Santa Anna arrives with his army at San Antonio, the siege of the Alamo begins 

February 24 - Bowie collapses, most likely from pneumonia, typhoid or diphtheria, passing command to Travis

February 27 – General Jose Urrea, leading a Mexican army northward along the coastal route, surprises and defeats Colonel Frank Johnson and his troops at the Battle of San Patricio

March 1 – a new convention meets at Washington-on-the-Brazos; thirty-two settlers under George Kimball fight their way into the Alamo

March 2 – Texas declares independence from Mexico at Washington-on-the-Brazos

March 3 – Sam Houston is appointed Commander-in-chief of the Army of the Republic of Texas; he immediately marches west to Gonzales

March 6 – The Mexican Army defeats the Texians at the Battle of the Alamo, Santa Anna now mistakenly believes that the war is largely over

March 11 – Sam Houston receives word at Gonzales that the Alamo has fallen; he orders a general retreat of the Army of Texas

March 12-15 – General Urrea defeats a Texan force and takes Refugio

March 16 – Texans adopt a constitution at Washington-on-the-Brazos; David G. Burnet is elected interim president of the Republic of Texas

March 19 – Colonel Fannin sets out with his army from Goliad; Colonel Fannin’s army is surrounded by General Urrea’s superior force in the afternoon sun, and engages in battle at Coleto Creek

March 20 –Colonel Fannin surrenders to General Urrea; his forces are taken prisoner at Coleto Creek and returned to La Bahia at Goliad

March 27 – Colonel Fannin’s forces are massacred at Goliad

March-April – Santa Anna divides his forces into five divisions and chases eastward across Texas in what comes to be called The Runaway Scrape 

April 20 – Santa Anna corners Houston at San Jacinto

April 21 – Battle of San Jacinto

April 22 – Santa Anna captured

September 5 – Sam Houston elected president of the Republic of Texas



List of Main Characters

Fictional Characters:

Hank MacElrae was born in Edinburg, Scotland in 1803.  His family moved to North Carolina when Hank was twelve years old.  He met and married Julie when he was 21.  They moved to Texas in 1833.

Julie MacElrae, nee Parker, was born in North Carolina in 1806.  She married Hank in 1824.

Auggey MacElrae was born in 1825 in North Carolina to Hank and Julie.

Hawk Banks was born in Boston in 1790.  He was the son of Robert Banks, a prominent Boston businessman and American revolutionary.  Hawk showed great promise at an early age, attending Harvard College from the age of 16.  

Francisco de la Garza was born in a village in Zacatecas in 1817.  He spent his early life with his family, never traveling more than twenty miles from home.

Nate Tucker was born in Virginia in 1807, but grew up in Kentucky.  He moved to Nacogdoches in the summer of 1835.

Antonia Perez was born in Monclova in 1799.  Her family moved to San Antonio when she was nine.  

Teresa Perez, the daughter of Antonia Perez, was born in San Antonio in 1829.

Historical Characters:

Deaf Smith (pronounced “deef”) was born in the newly formed United States of America in 1787.  As a boy growing up in New York, he would have been accustomed to the winds of battle.  His family moved to Mississippi when Deaf was eleven.  In 1821 Deaf moved to Texas in an attempt to restore his hearing impairment, as he was in fact almost completely deaf.  Perhaps for this reason he was a man of few words, but he quickly developed a reputation for coolness under fire.  Although he maintained good relations with the Tejano locals in Coahuila y Tejas, when war broke out, he was one of the first Texians to join up.   

Susannah Dickinson was born in Tennessee in 1814.  At the time of the Texas Revolution she was living in Gonzales with her husband Almaron.  She bore a baby girl named Angelina in late 1834.

Francisca Alavez was born in Mexico.  She travelled northward with General Urrea’s army in the winter of 1836 as the companion of Captain Telesforo Alavez.

Stephen F. Austin was born in Virginia in 1793.  He grew up in Missouri, where he received the news that his father had died, willing to him the imperial decree granting to him the land for the colony in Texas.

James Bowie was born in Kentucky in 1796, but spent most of his life in Louisiana, where he established himself as a bona fide frontiersman.  Bowie was a strong personality in a rough-and-tumble place and time.  Eventually a feud necessitated a move; thereby affording his immigration to Texas in 1830.  He subsequently led an expedition to find the lost San Saba mine, during which he repulsed an Indian raiding party, making him famous on the prairies of Texas.

William B. Travis was born in South Carolina in 1809.  In his youth he was trained at a military academy in the state of his birth.  He married and became a lawyer in Alabama in 1829.  His marriage failed in 1831, forcing him to relocate to Texas, where he arrived in March of that year.

Sam Houston was born in Virginia in 1793.  He spent his early adult years in Tennessee, during which time he served under Andrew Jackson in the War of 1812 and later became a noted politician and Governor of the state of Tennessee.  His first marriage ended in scandal and disgrace, Houston leaving the state for the Cherokee Nation in 1829, where he took a second wife and became a citizen of the Cherokee Nation.  In 1832 he immigrated to the territory of Texas, where he was awarded an imperial grant of 4,000 acres near Huntsville.

James Fannin was born in 1804 and, attending West Point, was dismissed due to low grades.  He settled in Georgia in 1832, where he married and had two daughters.  In 1834 he moved to Coahuila y Tejas.

Davy Crockett was born in 1786 and grew up in eastern Tennessee.  In the 1820’s he served in both the Tennessee legislature and the U.S. House of Representatives.  In late 1835 Crockett decided to join the Texas Revolution.  He arrived overland by horse from Arkansas in Nacogdoches in January, 1836, where he took the oath of allegiance to Texas on January 14 of that year.

James Bonham was born in South Carolina in 1807.  He was a second cousin to William Travis, as well as a cousin by marriage to James Bowie.  In November of 1835 he came to Texas to fight in the revolution with the Mobile Greys of Alabama.

Juan Nepomuceno Seguin was born in 1806 in Coahuila y Tejas.  Although his English was poor, his allegiance was to Tejas.

Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna Perez de Lebron was born in Veracruz in 1794.  At the time Mexico was a colony of Spain. He showed aptitude for a military career at a very young age, thus leading his family to provide him with military training.  He fought on both sides during the turbulent War of Independence between Mexico and Spain, rising rapidly through the ranks.  Due to his military exploits he became famous in Mexico, eventually being appointed President of Mexico in 1833.  In part due to his mercurial political policies, the northern states of Mexico, including Coahuila y Tejas, eventually revolted in 1835.

Martin Perfecto de Cos was born in Veracruz in 1800.  At the outbreak of the Texas Revolution, he was married to Lucinda Lopez de Santa Anna, sister of Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna.

General Jose de Urrea was born in 1797 in northern Mexico, at what is now Tucson.  He joined the army at a very young age, where he distinguished himself in several campaigns, rising to the rank of General.

Buffalo Hump was born in the early nineteenth century in Texas.  Little is known about his early years, other than that he was a member of the Penateka band of the Comanche tribe.
 


Glossary of Terms and Places

Bexar – The name used by Hispanics for the city of San Antonio

Camisa – Spanish for shirt

Coahuila y Tejas – literally Coahuila and Texas, the northernmost state within Mexico that included Texas

Jacal – a room-like enclosure made from logs placed vertically within the ground 

La Bahia – the mission at Goliad

Manga de Clavo – Santa Anna’s villa at Veracruz

Monclova – the capital of the Mexican state of Coahuila y Texas

Mujer – Spanish word for woman

Old Three Hundred – a group of colonists from the United States that were led by Stephen Austin to Texas beginning in 1822

Rio Bravo – the Mexican designation for the Rio Grande

Tejano – a person of Hispanic decent living in Tejas

Tejas – Spanish spelling of Texas

Texian – A person of Anglo decent living in Texas; after the fall of the Alamo, they are simply called Texans

Zacatecas – a state in Mexico


Prologue

Texas Beckons

I have given England a maritime rival who will sooner or later humble her pride.
-Napoleon Bonaparte, describing the impact of the Louisiana Purchase

Boston, Massachusetts-July 5, 1803

The brownstone, perched upon Nob Hill, was ample evidence of the family’s affluence.  Inside, a middle-aged man sat within his opulent study, assimilating an article within a locally distributed pamphlet.  
A boy, appearing to be around the age of twelve, suddenly chased into the room.  Bounding to the man’s side, he exclaimed, “Father!  What’s news have we today?  Surely there’s something exciting on this, the day after Independence Day!”
Eyeing his son with irritation, the man responded, “Not much, nothing good, at least,” and, accepting the intrusion, added, “Well, there is one thing here, on page three.”
“What is it, father?  Let me see,” the boy inquired, somehow managing to squirm betwixt his father and the pages of the pamphlet.
Now fully distracted by his entirely too rambunctious child, the man sighed, said, “Well, see this drawing here?  See that, son?”
“Yes, sir.  Looks to me like a map of North America.”
“Precisely,” his father supplied, adding, “Notice anything unusual about it?”
“Of course – there’s a big grey smoke plume right in the middle.”
“Smoke plume?  What on earth are you talking about, son?”
Pointing at the map, the boy announced proudly, “There, father!  See down there?  Looks like the mouth of the Mississippi spouting off a smoke plume, if you ask me!”
His father peered at the image and, his eyes suddenly lighting up, exclaimed in recognition, “Why, darned if your aren’t correct, Hiram, it does in fact give the sensation of a smoke plume.  But it’s more than that, son.”
“What is it?”
“It’s called the Louisiana Purchase.  It seems that President Jefferson, that darned fool, announced yesterday that he had purchased it from France on behalf of The United States of America for fifteen million dollars.”
“Dad!  Don’t say bad things about Thomas Jefferson – he’s our president!”
“Precisely, son, he’s the president, not the emperor, and in this country, that means every citizen has the right to question anything, including hair-brained actions by our president.”
“But, sir, why did you call President Jefferson a fool?”
“I should think it would be clear to anyone – it’s an enormous amount of money to pay for what amounts to a barren and useless wilderness.”
“What makes you say that,” the boy queried insistently.
“Well, son, just look at the map - look at where the land is – it must be a thousand miles from here.”
Studying the map, the child now inquired pugnaciously, “What’s that there?”
“Where?” his father queried in return and, observing where the boy was pointing, responded, “Oh, that!  That’s a territory that belongs to Mexico.  It’s called Texas.”
“Texas,” the boy repeated wistfully, “What a strange name.”
“Right, son.  Might as well be a million miles away.  Frankly, I doubt that anyone from this country will ever lay eyes on it, at least, not in your lifetime.”
“Oh, yes they will!” the boy exclaimed with self-assurance.
“Oh, and what makes you think that, son?”
“Because I’m going to go there someday,” he responded proudly.


Chapter 1

A Place Worth Fighting For

All over the land are vast and handsome pastures , with good grass for cattle, and it strikes me the soil would be very fertile were the country inhabited and improved by reasonable people. 
-Alvar Cabeza de Vaca

Near Bastrop, Texas - Early September, 1835

The sun peeked languorously over the crest of the ridge, signaling the arrival of yet another sweltering day on the Texas plain.  Near the log cabin, two chickens seemed to be wrestling over the right to peck at a pebble, the remaining ones wandering about clucking aimlessly, as if already resigned to the soon to be numbing heat.  
Over by the fence, a lone piglet was engaged in diligently swathing himself with mud in hopes of staving off the soon-to-arrive scorching heat.  The barn, such as it was, appeared collapse via a single rope that tugged mercilessly on a nearby tree.  Under each of three towering oaks, a cow had already staked out the shade for the day, living out the daily drama of survival on the open plain.  Otherwise, the silence was omnipotent, stillness its willing companion.  
The door to the house, the boards faded by time, momentarily creaked open.  A lone child, fair haired, perhaps ten or eleven years of age, tumbled out haphazardly, simultaneously tugging on his overalls.  Barefoot and grimy as a tree stump in the desert, the boy gazed about for a few moments in perplexity, eventually calling out to some as yet unseen companion, “Jackson?  Here Jackson! Where are you, boy?”  
A skinny, lop-eared dog came scampering from behind the barn, trotted up and launched himself directly into the boy’s face, nearly knocking him down with his apparent intention to lick the boy soggy.  The boy, giggling as he tumbled mirthfully with the dog, thereby clarified the source of his already monochromatic state of dusty grey from head to foot.  
A man emerged shortly thereafter from the house and, though he had dark hair, his skin was incongruously fair.  Possessed of a neatly clipped beard, he appeared to be in his early thirties and, though tall and muscular, he was nonetheless a bit on the side of lean.  
Tugging the boy to his feet, the man swatted him mildly on the rump, commanding surreptitiously, “Now, Auggey, no time for that.  You get on down to the creek.  And wash yourself up, you hear?  You and your maw got to get to town with me before it gets too darn hot to breathe.  We got lots to do today,” and though a Scottish accent was faintly detectable within his voice, it was nearly lost within the more obvious Texas dialect.
“Yes, sir,” the boy replied respectfully and, simultaneously pushing the dog away, headed off toward the barn to clean himself up, though God only knows how that was even possible.
A woman now emerged from the house and, walking slowly towards the man, merged seamlessly into his awaiting embrace.  She was a pleasant looking blonde, to appearance perhaps thirty years of age and, though the climate had clearly worked hard on her, she would have caught any man’s eye. 
The two stood silently, neither apparently intent on accomplishing anything whatsoever.  Instead, each seemed to peer about, wistfully taking it all in.  Despite the impression of destitution emanating from the scene, the surrounding countryside somehow exuded an attractive aura of natural beauty.  A pasture, perhaps forty acres in breadth stood before them, ringed by tall oak trees, a stately pine tree interspersed here and there.  
“By God, Julie,” the man volunteered, “It’s unbearably hot already this mornin’!  But I still love this place.  I’ve never had anything, much less my own place, in my whole life.  There’ll be no mistaking this place for heaven, but I’ll take it.  I’ll take Texas over any other place on earth.”
“I know, Hank.  It don’t feel like heaven to me neither.  Feels more like hell, and summer nearly over,” Julie responded, her distinctly southern accent all too apparent.  And when she spoke, the edges of her mouth turned up in a naturally appealing smile.
Hank dearly loved this place.  It had been hard work getting it started.  It didn’t look like much, but he was proud of what they had accomplished in the two years since they had arrived in Texas.  The house was small - only fourteen by fourteen feet.  That was the longest logs he could get on the wagon, and the horses could only pull ten at a time for the three miles he had to carry them overland from the lost pines.  But that was the best part about the logs – they were pine, straight and true.  They chinked well because of that, and they kept out the bugs and the winter cold.  And they were also a lot easier to cut down than oak.  
It had taken Hank six wagon loads to bring enough logs for the barn and the house, that in itself having spanned a full month’s hard labor.  Chopping down trees and hauling them was back-breaking work for a man in his mid-thirties.  Recalling the effort, he reached instinctively for his back, the memory of it reminding him that he hoped he’d never have to do that again.
Hank had put the first course of logs up on rocks to keep the termites out, but the house nonetheless had a dirt floor.  He aimed to take care of that next fall, as soon as the crop was in.  And he would put in windows, too.  For now, they had holes covered by boards where the windows would be when they could afford them.  He surveyed his handiwork, surmising that in time they would even build a porch, assuming his back held up that long.  
The barn wasn’t much either.  It was even smaller than the house, and for now it only had a sod roof on it.  Hank had dug a dirt berm after a few days of heavy rains, and this had served as two walls of the barn.  He had used one load of pine trees to build a structure for the barn, and then he had covered the other two walls with planks purchased from the local mill.  He liked planks, but they wouldn’t keep the weather out and the heat in, so he had used logs for the walls of the house.  Planks were good enough to keep the cows warm even in the worst weather in this part of Texas.  Folks who’d lived here for a long time said it only snowed once or twice in a decade, thereby allowing the cows to feed from the fields nearly year round.
The barn had a secondary purpose that Hank and Julie kept to themselves.  That first summer in Texas it had been necessary to resort to extreme measures to fulfill their romantic instincts.  Auggey was getting older now, and it wasn’t seemly to be making noises of passion in the night in their small cabin.  One night Hank had made sufficient noise that he feared that Auggey might be awakened, thereby wondering what in God’s name his parents were up to.  
After that Hank and Julie had resorted to sneaking down to the creek at night on occasion and partaking of a midnight swim in the darkness, followed by passion in the moonlight.  This approach, while it was both romantic and satisfying, had left Julie and Hank concerned.  
First, there was always the possibility of stepping into something deadly in the dark.  Texas was filled with all manner of dangerous critters, such as poisonous snakes and spiders, any one of which was capable of killing unsuspecting folks in the night.  But more importantly, they were both concerned about leaving Auggey alone in the cabin at night, even for a half hour.  The Indians had largely moved further inland after the coastal region was settled, but they could always come back on a raiding party.  And while this seemed a bit far-fetched to Hank, he’d heard all sorts of wild tails from the old timers.  If the claims were true, the Indians had come riding out of nowhere every few years raping and killing indiscriminately.  So there was another reason to build the barn, and Hank had gotten it done in the spring of their second year in Texas.
There hadn’t been enough money to do everything.    They had arrived in Texas with almost five hundred dollars, most of it a parting gift from Hank’s family back in Scotland.  Seems it was cheaper to pay boys grown to men to leave home than it was to keep them on if no land was to be had.
Hank had managed to get an imperial grant within the Austin Colony.  Most of the land had been taken by now, which was why they had to go all the way northwest to Bastrop.  There was less open land for farming there, but it was possessed of several imposing trees.  It had been a hard trek over land to get there, but all in all Hank was happy with the plot they’d been granted.  Still, it had taken almost all of their savings to get it started, and now they were scraping the bottom of the barrel, just barely making a living.
Hank had felt like they were rich when they had arrived in Texas.  They’d had more money than most folks.  Only the two families nearby from the old three hundred were better off.  Those folks had been there now for almost fifteen years.  Hank figured it must have been really hard for them at first, too, but look what the old three hundred had been able to do.  Observing their success, Hank was sure that with hard work, in time he and Julie would have all the things that the old three hundred had.  
Losing his train of thought, Hank abruptly nuzzled Julie, then gave her a nice wet kiss on the mouth.  Julie responded warmly but, pulling away, scolded, “Not in broad daylight, Hank MacElrae!”
Hank smiled sheepishly.  Julie was right – there was always time for that after dark.  “Let’s get to town, Julie.  We need to get supplies for planting the garden.”
The ride into town was uneventful, except for the bone-jarring bumpiness of it over the entire five miles.  Bastrop, they called it - nice little town, nestled in among numerous towering oak trees along the Colorado River.  Hank and Julie hadn’t gotten trees all that impressive.  Would have been nice, but they got the slim pickings, having arrived in Texas too late for the best land.
On this day the town was bustling even more so than usual.  As they pulled alongside the walkway, a middle-aged woman chortled to Hank, “Mornin’ Mr. MacElrae.”
“Mornin’ Mrs.  Walker,” Hank responded cheerfully, adding inquisitively, “Lots of folks ‘round today.”
“Yep, mighty busy here at the store.  Folks is stockin’ up, sayin’ war is comin’.  Hear tell a bunch of Texians led by William B. Travis took on the Mexican army at Anahuac six weeks ago.”
“Oh, is that right?  I hadn’t heard, but it don’t surprise me none,” Hank volunteered innocuously in a half-hearted attempt to be neighborly.  “After what that fella President Lopez Santa Anna done, convertin’ us all to Catholics, I can’t say as I blame them.  Wasn’t that what my family left Scotland to get away from - religion controlled by the state?”  Hank paused a moment, pulled off his hat to scratch an invisible bug and, having seemingly succeeded, now added, “Expect it don’t concern us.  After all, we’re just tryin’ to scratch out a livin’, Mrs. Walker.”
“Know what you mean, Mr. MacElrae, know what you mean,” she replied gingerly.  “But listen here, sir, you mind yourself and that young ‘un, you hear?  Things are gonna get worse before they get better.  I feel it deep down inside, and I ain’t often wrong about that.”
Hank swung down from the buck board, stepped lightly onto the walk and, turning to hold out a helping hand for his wife, he simultaneously hauled down his son, all in one motion.  Anyone happening by could have seen that he had done it often, that same sweeping motion, all in one.  “Into the store with you, Auggey.,” he ordered, adding sternly, “And now don’t you be touching nothing, mind.”  
At this, the boy charged ahead, his skinny dog maintaining perfect step with him.  Turning back to his wife, Hank inquired, “Julie, can you see to the supplies?  I got business up the street.”
At her nod of consent, Hank turned and wandered off.  It was one thing to say that war was none of his business, but Hank was now certain big things were brewing.  The unexpected bustle in town was unmistakable evidence.  He’d seen nothing like this crowd since they’d left New Orleans for Galveston two years earlier.  In fact, the population of Bastrop seemed to have tripled overnight, and he meant to find out exactly what the excitement was about.  Off he went, his long-sleeved shirt already soaked with sweat from the blistering noonday heat, his boots caked with countless layers of dirt.
Hank had been proud of those boots when he’d bought them in New Orleans.  Not many men in Texas owned boots.  They were hard to come by and expensive, too, but there were days when he hated them.  In rainy weather they caused blisters.  In hot weather they made you sweat, thereby causing more blisters.  When you had to go walking long distances, they caused even more blisters.  The only time they seemed to work well in Texas was during the short winter, when they helped to keep his feet warm.  
Hank supposed to himself that he was too proud, or he would have bought some more comfortable shoes.  By now his boots were just plain ugly, but at least they were broke in.  As he struggled against their injurious nature, he reasoned that he couldn’t afford anything else right now anyway.  
“Mornin’, sheriff,” Hank called jovially as he stepped onto the opposite side of the street.  Sheriff Green was a good sort.  Hank couldn’t figure out how a man like him had come to be sheriff of Bastrop.  In Hank’s opinion, he’d have made a better preacher man.  First of all, he seemed a bit old, and, truth be told, he wasn’t half mean enough to be an effective sheriff.  He wasn’t big enough neither, being only middle sized in height, and prone to the lean side except for his protruding belly.  But then again, maybe that’s just what the town needed.  Sheriff Green was always there to lend a helping hand, and there had been no semblance of a disturbance in town since Hank and Julie had moved there.  
“Mornin’ Hank.  How’s the family?” Sheriff Green responded affably.  Without waiting to hear the answer, he continued pointedly, “The word is Stephen Austin’s coming back from Mexico.”  Having imparted this last, he stopped short, measuring its effect on Hank.
“Well, guess that should be good,” Hank answered back, not knowing quite how to answer.  Pulling off his hat, he began scratching his head, this time in contemplation, eventually thinking to inquire, “Have you met him, sheriff, Mr. Austin?”
“Why of course, man, everyone in these parts knows Stephen Austin!”
“Well, I guess I don’t.  I expect he was already down in Mexico when we came here two years ago,” Hank replied dejectedly.
“Why, yes, I believe you’re right, Hank.  He has been gone awhile, though I confess I didn’t realize till this moment just how long it had been,” Sheriff Green responded and, pausing momentarily in thought, subsequently kicked a nonexistent rock, then added, “The men are talking ‘bout war…it might be a comin’ I ‘spect, Hank.”  He paused again, this time for effect, and then, as Hank did not reply, added surreptitiously, “What’re you thinkin”?”
“Thinkin’ ‘bout what,” Hank replied, beginning to wonder how to extract himself from this conversation due to the uncomfortable nature of this turn of subject matter.
“War, son - war!” replied the sheriff boisterously.
Hank paused and, shoving his hands into his back pockets, attempted to make himself as small as possible, eventually replying with apparent detachment, “Hadn’t thought about it.  This is all coming real fast for me.  I got the wife and boy there to think of.  Got to feed them.  I got to think on it some,” and at this he sauntered off down the street, hoping that further such discussions would keep their distance.
Despite his conviction to stay out of it, Hank felt a powerful feeling in the pit of his stomach.  Somewhere, deep inside, there was an uneasy feeling, one he couldn’t quite explain.  Still contemplating, he wandered over to the stable.  Stepping inside, he observed perhaps a dozen men talking, not too loud, just sort of pleasant-like.  He considered the possibility that they might be feeling confused, like he was, so he sauntered on over their way.
“Hello there, Hank,” said one pleasantly.
“Hello Bill,” Hank replied cautiously.  Bill Walker, husband of Mrs. Walker, was a hulking, fiftyish, mean looking fella, but he was always smilin’, kind of like a big soft bear that you just want to hug.  “What’s the latest?”
Bill responded jovially, “Well, they’re puttin’ an army together, shore’nuf.  Word has it that Mexico ain’t havin’ any part of us breakin’ away from them.  Seems some other parts of Mexico have declared independence as well.  There was a big battle down in Zacatecas in May.  The government whooped them rebels bad, hear tell.  Rumors are that there’s gonna be an army comin’ this way before too long as well.  I don’t know how big, but it’s sure to be a lot bigger than we can manage.  There’s got to be more’n a hunderd times as many people south of the Rio Grande as there are in Texas.”
Another man, this one somewhat short, but extraordinarily massive in girth, poked into the conversation now, exclaiming effusively, “Word has it that men are pouring into Texas from all over.  Some are arriving by ship in Galveston or Port Aransas.  Others are coming overland across the Sabine from New Orleans and points south.  And there are quite a few riding in on horseback from Missouri, Tennessee, Kentucky, and the Oklahoma territory via Nacogdoches,” and his enunciation was quite unusual, perhaps even to the point of elegance.   Hank couldn’t quite make out his accent.
This fella seemed to be sure of himself, but Hank didn’t share his certainty by any means.  Despite this, he thrust his hand forward and said brusquely, “Name’s Hank, Hank MacElrae.”
Bill jumped in and exclaimed excitedly, “This here is Hawk Banks.  He’s a bona fide Texas Ranger!”
The man grabbed Hank’s hand pleasantly, shaking it hard and tight.  Hank almost lost his breath he was squeezed so hard.  Noticing Hank’s accent, the man announced sonorously, “A Scotsman!  Well, I’ll be, they’re arriving from everywhere.  I am most pleased to make your acquaintance, Mr. Hank MacElrae!” and, still grinning, he added to the surrounding crowd, “Gentlemen, I can tell you from first-hand experience - Scots are fine fighting men.  They’ll do in a scrape.”
Hank couldn’t tell whether the man was talking up to him or down, which was curious since Hank was near a head taller than him.  Instead, he just changed the subject, offering, “Heard about them Rangers.  Stephen Austin formed them up to tame the Indians.  So what brings you here to Bastrop, Ranger Banks?”
“Well, sir, funny you should ask.  Mr. Austin has decided the Indians aren’t so important at this very moment.  Under the circumstances, I’ve been charged with recruiting reinforcements to aid him down in Gonzales.  Seems there’s a war coming.”
 “Anybody know who’s in charge of this here war, if’n that’s what it is?” Hank asked pointedly, but nonetheless pointing it to no one in particular.
“Well, they done met at San Felipe,” Bill interjected, “Elected a fellow named Richard Royall as president.  That’s what we hear.”
“Royall,” Hank responded, “Never heard of him.”
“Me neither,” Bill agreed.
“Why didn’t they pick Austin, or that new comer Sam Houston?  Hear tell he’s a friend to Andrew Jackson,” asked Hank.
“Don’t rightly know.  Maybe they wasn’t nobody there could be trusted to run things.”  Bill paused, spat and, peering down at the spot where it had landed, seemed to be contemplating the import of his own conjecture.
“Well, ‘spect we got leaders, and we got to leave them to it,” Hank responded, somehow hoping that would end it.
“We’ve got too damn many leaders, if you ask me,” another man chimed in.  “That fella Houston don’t sit right with me.  Just because he knows Jackson, he wants to be emperor of Texas.”
Hawk squinted at the man and, intent on making his own point, put in his two cents, “Listen here, we have quite a few Texians who should be qualified to lead this rebellion.  Let us leave the politicking to our leaders in San Felipe, while we here on the front lines concentrate on the matter at hand – fighting and winning a revolution!” and there was unanimous agreement with this last statement.
A momentary silence ensued and, Hank discomforted by it, queried, once again to nobody in particular, “What’s next?”
At this point Hawk did something that Hank would later consider to be profoundly important - he bit on a piece of chewing tobacco, hawked loudly, and spat.  It made no significant impression on Hank, as many men were prone to such actions.  Hawk then propounded, “Well, I’ve come to Bastrop to recruit fighting men, and I am of the distinct impression that I chose rightly.”
Hank felt a natural attraction to this tough looking fellow.  He couldn’t put his hand on it, but there was something about him that made Hank want to trust him.  “So what are you thinking on doing, Hawk?” he asked with apparent interest.
“Well, the Indians seem to be quite passive at the moment.  So I had nothing in particular to keep me busy.  Fact is, I needed some excitement.  When Austin called on the Rangers to join in at Gonzales, I immediately packed my horse and rode south.  I expect I’ll hang around here in Bastrop for the next few days, till we see where this insurrection is headed.  Good central location right here, what with Washington-on-the Brazos off to the east, seat of government for the moment.  Off to the south, we have Gonzales and Goliad, the closest places to Mexico with significant Texian inhabitants.  And finally, there is San Antonio de Bexar off to the southwest, where the majority of the Tejano population lives.  I expect that tensions will erupt at one or the other of those three places quite soon.  When that happens, that’s where I’ll heading, and I’ll be taking along anybody that is of a mind to join me.  Meantime I’ll be partaking of some local whoring, if the price is right.”
Hank didn’t cater much to this type of thing, himself being a God-fearing religious man, but he supposed that every man was entitled to his own perversions and pleasures.  “Well, Hawk, I wish you well in your quest for fulfillment here in Texas,” he said sarcastically.  “Me, I got chores to do, so I’ll be sayin’ good day to you.”  Hank turned to make his exit, suddenly doubting his initial attraction to Hawk.
“Good to meet you, Mr. Hank MacElrae.  I’ll be seeing you wherever the fighting takes us,” replied Hawk good naturedly, “And if you’re pondering the prospect of joining me, as I suspect you are, don’t wait too long to decide.  I’ll be out of here within the week.”  
Hank waved over his shoulder and, ignoring this last remark, made for the general store and his family. 

Nacogdoches, Texas-Late September

Nate Tucker kept telling himself that he wasn’t really afraid, but he did have to admit that it had been quite a while since he had attended Sunday service.  Surely that little critter on that rock before him could not be a devil, but Nate was not certain, as he confessed to himself that he was lacking in the religious knowledge necessary to insure his immunity to persuasion from the lower reaches, even coming from so unlikely a source as this.  
“What the hell you doin’ there, Nate?” Ben Sawyer queried brusquely, peering down at the squatting man before him.  
Nate was so surprised he jumped a foot.  He prided himself on always being cunning and wary, but this little critter here had somehow undone him.  Scratching his head to lend emphasis to his conundrum, he responded defensively, “Aw, hell Saw, I wasn’t loafing.  I was examining this here devilish-looking little creature.  Truth is, I was considerin’ just how many Hail Mary’s I was down for just for the fact that I been visited by such an ungodly being.”
Ben Sawyer stared down for a moment and, suddenly making out the tiny lizard before him, let out a huge rolling laugh.  “Ha haaaa, ha hee haa,” and it sounded like it came from a cannon.  
Ben Sawyer was a huge man, and it was entirely appropriate, seeing as how he ran the local saw mill.  Saw, as everyone was fond of calling him, proffered amiably, “Heck, Nate!  That little thing there, that ain’t nothin’ but a useless little horny toad!”
Nate, leaning on his axe and cupping his chin in contemplation, eventually summoned up, “Well, if’n I was a female, which I shore am not, I wouldn’t want that critter rubbing up against me no matter how horny he was.”
Somehow failing to perceive the off-color in Nate’s retort, Ben continued unabashedly, “They’re all over these parts.  “Don’t pay no attention to ‘em.  They’re completely harmless.  Now, get back to work!”
“You sure?” Nate queried suspiciously, gazing upwards at Ben towering over him.
“Non-poisonous, harmless, and entirely useless, I promise,” Ben replied brusquely.
“Well, I wasn’t thinkin’ in that direction precisely,” Nate responded.  “Truth is, the little bastard bears a distinct resemblance to the chief enemy of God to me.”  As Ben was none too sharp at times, he simply stared vacuously at Nate.  Seeing Ben’s confusion, Nate offered pointedly, “You know, Saw – Beelzebub - the Devil!”
Breaking into a broad smile of recognition, Ben guffawed, saying, “Aw, hell, Nate.  It ain’t no devil.  I’ll show you,” and so saying, he pulled out a big knife and reached forward, intent on stabbing the toad.  Nate, leaping between the two entirely mismatched combatants, somehow managed to stop him before the damage was done.
“No!”  Nate yelled.  “I believe you!”  Seeing Nate’s terrified look, Ben halted and sheathed his knife, at which Nate observed sagely, “If he ain’t no devil, then he deserves to serve out his allotted time on this here earth, I reckon.”
At this pronouncement, Ben rubbed his chin in thought and, nodding in agreement, mumbled, “Well, I expect you’re right on that point, Nate.  You’re a good man.  But you’re costin’ me money.  Now let the little beast alone and get on with your work.”
“Yes, Saw,” was all Nate could think of to say.  He waited for Ben to turn away, and as soon as he did, Nate reached down, swept the horny toad up and, dropping it into his pocket, set back to work.  
Nate thought on it long and hard the remainder of the day.  He decided to name his new friend Mephistopheles.  He didn’t know nothing about Mephistopheles, but he knew it was a name for the devil.  That was because when he was a little boy his maw had always told him when he did wrong that he would be kidnapped by Mephistopheles if he didn’t watch it.  Now he had Mephistopheles right there in his pocket, where he could keep an eye on him at all times.  And since his maw was long dead, he figured he had good control of the situation as it stood.
Nate had come down from Kentucky in July and, since he had worked in a saw mill before, he had found work in the saw mill at Nacogdoches right away.  Because things were really hopping in Texas, Ben Sawyer was paying him a whopping five dollars a week.  
Nate had also cut a few cords of firewood, and that had made him some extra money.  He figured between what he was making at the mill and the extra pocket money for the firewood, he might be able to get himself some land by next year.  He hadn’t yet thought on what he would do with it when he got it, but he figured he had time to think that part through.
Nate liked Texas.  He didn’t put much significance in the rumors he heard about the fight with Mexico.  He figured he was situated in just the right part of Texas to be safe from it one way or the other.  First off, Nacogdoches was a long long way from Mexico City, and there didn’t seem to be hardly any Tejanos around these parts anyway.  And second, Nacogdoches was well situated for anyone to simply vanish into the woods.  To the west of Nacogdoches the forest petered out, but to the east, it was all pretty much solid trees.  Nate figured a man could disappear into there and never be found by anyone.  He’d heard that there were Indians, but Nate hadn’t seen a single one since his arrival in Texas.  
Pondering his good fortune, Nate picked up his axe and headed out to cut down another big tree for Ben.  He figured he’d be staying in Nacogdoches for some time to come.  Heck, maybe he would even meet a woman and start a family.  Life looked real good from where he stood, especially now that he had cornered the devil right there in his own pocket.

Near Zacatecas, Mexico-Late September

Francisco Ernesto de la Garza was considerably outraged by the conditions he and his fellow soldiers were being forced to endure.  For one thing, he still did not consider himself a bona fide soldier, despite the fact that he was garbed in a magnificent grey uniform that was far better than any clothing he had ever owned in his eighteen years on earth.  Still, it left something to be desired.  It was too hot in the daytime, having been made of wool, and it scratched his skin at night.  But he had become accustomed to his uniform far more quickly than he had adjusted to the life of a soldier.  It seemed to him as if it had only been a few days since General Santa Anna’s army had swept through his village near Zacatecas.  That was before the battle, and his village was far too small and ill-equipped to have been a part of the Zacatecan uprising.  
General Santa Anna had simply conscripted every man over the age of fifteen into the army.  Francisco had not even had the opportunity to say goodbye to his parents and siblings.  He dearly missed them, especially his younger sister Consuela.
Francisco had not really done much in the battle of Zacatecas.  He had been too young and new, so he had only helped with feeding soldiers, and after the battle, with caring for the wounded.  This was a side of mankind that he had not been prepared for.  Life in a small village in Mexico was uneventful, his life since joining the army having undergone a dramatic change.
Now he was marching north to La Bahia with the army of General Cos.  He was told that they would eventually march to a place called San Antonio de Bexar.  Francisco did not know much about the man San Antonio.  He thought that he must have been from Italy.  Lots of saints were from Italy.  He hoped to go to Italy someday, but he knew that this was unlikely.  
In his village they did not have books, so he only learned from the Bible and from mass.  His parents had only one book, a splendid copy of the Bible that was kept in the most honored place in their house, next to the statue of the Virgin Mary.  A crucifix with a small likeness of Jesus hung on the wall.  Every evening Francisco’s father would read scriptures to them before bedtime.  
Francisco felt a strong connection to God.  He prayed every morning and evening.  But he did not understand how war fit into the plans of God.  He contemplated this question on occasion, but when he tried to discuss it with the other soldiers, they showed no interest.  So he kept it to himself.  He resolved to figure it out one day.  For now, he thought on San Antonio.  Most of the saints were not in the Bible.  Since they had come later, long after it had been written, most of what he knew about them he had learned from his religious studies.  
San Antonio had been a member of the Franciscan order.  Francisco admired San Francisco greatly.  His parents had told him that he himself was named after San Francisco.  They had made it clear to Francisco that this carried great significance for him.  His responsibility was to live up to the name he had been given.  
San Francisco had also established an entire order of the Christian religion that practiced humility, servitude, destitution, and above all, devotion to God.  Francisco wore a necklace with a small medallion of San Francisco around his neck at all times.  His parents had given it to him when he had turned twelve years old.  It was his proudest possession.  Each day when he prayed, he promised San Francisco that he would always try in every way to live according to the ideals of the Franciscan order.  

Bastrop

Hawk Banks had come to Texas from Kentucky in early 1835.  Unlike most folks these days, he had come overland down through Nacogdoches.  “Nice town, Nacogdoches,” he thought to himself.  If he squinted just right he could imagine those tall pine trees of the big thicket in eastern Texas were in Kentucky.  Since the countryside hadn’t been so much different all the way down from Lexington, he hadn’t thought much about it at the time.  He had simply assumed that sort of countryside would stretch all the way to the west coast, which he’d heard was way out there somewhere.  So he hadn’t dallied much in Nacogdoches, wantin’ to get on down into the part of Texas where the colonies were.
Hawk had been in for a surprise after he had left Nacogdoches.  The countryside had gradually changed over from heavily wooded to less and less so. Sure, there was still plenty of undergrowth, but more and more oak trees, less and less pine trees, and lots and lots of just plain scrub brush.  There were Indians, too, although none seemed to be in sight anywhere.  Hawk had had some doings with Indians, but they were for the most part not too much trouble back east these days.  
Hawk had come to Texas to find a new challenge.  He’d heard about the troubles over the last couple of years with the government of Mexico, but he didn’t pay it much heed.  He was more interested in being on the tip of the arrow, out there on the edge, where the excitement was, and the edge had worn off back east in Kentucky and Tennessee.  Texas was now on the edge.  He had felt the excitement even before he’d crossed the Sabine River.  Now it seemed he’d arrived just in the nick of time.  The Indians had presented an interesting challenge at first.  Hawk had therefore managed to get himself appointed to the newly formed Texas Rangers.  
But now there was war coming to Texas.  He’d seen this kind of situation before.  Wars didn’t just happen, they were made by people – people getting all riled up over something, or sometimes maybe even nothin’ at all.  But once they got riled up, it didn’t seem it could be stopped until they ran out of energy, along with everything else.  
Hawk sat at the table pondering his next move.  He could sit here in Bastrop and have himself a good ol’ time drinking corn whiskey, just watching the world go by, and, to tell the truth, that held some considerable appeal for him.  But frankly, the whiskey was none too good in these parts, and it was becoming clear that there were few if any men locally that were interested in joining the volunteer army.  So he reckoned he’d better be getting on down the road to Gonzales, where the volunteer army was assembling – where the excitement seemed to be brewing.  
 


Chapter 2

Prelude to War

…it is very true that I threw up my cap for liberty with great ardor, and perfect sincerity, but very soon found the folly of it. A hundred years to come my people will not be fit for liberty. They do not know what it is, unenlightened as they are, and under the influence of a Catholic clergy, a despotism is the proper government for them, but there is no reason why it should not be a wise and virtuous one.
-General Antonio de Lopez Santa Anna

Veracruz, Mexico-September, 1835

Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna sat on his veranda by the fountain at Manga de Clavo savoring a cool glass of tequila, vainly attempting to stave off the afternoon heat.  Not many people could afford cool drinks in Mexico.  It was necessary to build a deep cavern in the ground, deep enough to escape the heat of the sun.  Santa Anna was proud to own such a villa, his exploits having made him a wealthy man.  
As he gazed out over his villa, he pondered the outcome of his recently concluded meeting with Stephen Austin.  It had been necessary to meet with him, that much was clear.  But frankly, he always found himself irritated by the blatant audacity of the man.  This upstart Texian, despite having endured eighteen months in a stinking cell in Mexico City, had the nerve to demand statehood for Texas!  
Santa Anna was quite satisfied with the outcome of his meeting with Austin.  Despite the lowly rank of the proud Texian, Santa Anna had exercised restraint, political prowess, and calmness.  Stephen Austin was a political threat, to be sure, and Santa Anna had treated him deftly as such.  But in the long run, Texas would be forced to toe the line.  Texas would remain a portion of the state Coahuila y Tejas.  In Santa Anna’s view, no upstart northern outpost of the newly established Republic of Mexico could possibly mount an effective revolt against Mexico so long as he was in power.  
Concluding his thoughts on the subject, Santa Anna determined that his brother-in-law, General Cos, would be just the man to deal with Austin and the Texians.  At this, he turned his full attention to holding off the burgeoning afternoon heat.

Off the Coast of Texas-September

Stephen Austin, perched upon the bow of the ship, gazed out over the tranquil waters of the Gulf of Mexico.  Despite years of continually escalating difficulties, he had somehow come to love Texas.  And now, after more than two years in captivity in Mexico, he was returning to his beloved homeland.  Although he had worked hard for fifteen years to stay on good terms with the Mexican government, this time President Santa Anna had gone too far.  His new constitution, the seven laws, and his dissolution of Congress had made him a virtual military dictator.  As he peered out to sea, his thoughts continuing to wander thusly, he pondered to himself, “Given these disastrous developments, what can one expect El Presidente to do next?”
Since the dissolution of Congress, the northern states of Mexico had rebelled, several of them even going so far as to declare independence.  Facing this threat head-on, Santa Anna had marched his army northward and defeated the Zacatecan army in May, soundly defeating the rebels.  As a result, all of the northern state of Coahuila y Tejas was now in turmoil.  Fear was rolling across the countryside north of the Rio Bravo like a great flood.  War was coming.  Of that, Austin was certain. 
Pondering these latest developments, Austin was forced to admit to himself that for all the years he’d been in Texas, turmoil had been the rule rather than the exception.  But now things were changing, somehow spinning out of control - heating up to the boiling point.  He now understood deep in his heart that the cultural and religious differences between Texas and Mexico were just too profound.  He wished there could be a peaceful way to resolve their differences, but he now understood deep in his heart that Texas had to be free from Mexico, and war was the only answer.  
During Austin’s long stay in Mexico things had changed dramatically in Texas.  He was not a young man any more.  He felt his energy flagging, just when he needed it most.  Gazing out over the calm evening waters, he pondered what his next step should be.  Surely Santa Anna would be sending an army northward to Texas before too long.
There were two possible routes north for the Mexican army.  One was along the coast.  This would be the least difficult route, the coastal region being nearly flat and for the most part populated only by scrub trees.  
The other route traveled north from the Rio Bravo at Laredo to San Antonio de Bexar, site of the old mission.  In his mind, this route was more problematic, depending on what time of year one hazarded the journey.  In summer it tended to be horrendously hot, and water stood to be somewhat scarce.  
Given these realities, Austin thought to himself that the former route was a more likely route for the Army of Mexico, should they in fact advance northward.  This route would also lead more directly to the most populous parts of Texas.  Most Texans having arrived either by ship in Galveston or across the Sabine from New Orleans, the populace had tended to be concentrated along the coastal region.
Up to this point only a small skirmish had occurred at Anahuac.  There a small group of Texians led by William Travis had surrounded the fort and demanded the surrender of the Mexican garrison.  Although not a single shot had been fired, word had already spread throughout Texas that a revolution was now inevitable.  War was indeed coming. 
Arriving in New Orleans by ship from Mexico, Austin travelled overland, crossing the Sabine and the Brazos, and finally arriving in San Felipe in mid-September.  There he found the colonial government in complete disarray.  He quickly set to work restoring stability and, as he had led the colonial militia, he was awarded the rank of General and given the responsibility of organizing a volunteer army.  He subsequently sent out a call for volunteers and set about organizing the rag-tag army for the coming conflict. 

East Texas-September

William B. Travis, considering himself to be by now well established in Texas, had been seriously insulted by the accusations leveled against him after the altercation in Anahuac on June 30.  Although the fact that he had been branded a “firebrand” by many of the old three hundred had stung him to his very manhood, he had resolved to stay the course – to hold out for independence from Mexico.  But when General Cos had issued a warrant for his arrest, it had become necessary to go underground to imprisonment, a fate that even one so powerful as Stephen Austin had suffered until recently.  
But the warrant issued by Cos had backfired on him.  Rallying to Travis’ aid, the Texians had reversed field and now sided with him.  If anything, his reversal of fortunes was no less than meteoric.  The momentum of the populace was now gathering steam at breakneck speed and, in a stunning reversal of fortune, Travis was now considered by most to be a visionary who had somehow foreseen the coming events.
Travis was nothing if not appreciative of this turn of events.  There had been so many setbacks: the land deals; the failed newspaper in Alabama; the loss of his marriage to Rosanna; not to mention his brashness at Anahuac.  But here was a reversal of fortunes that could be turned to his advantage, and Travis resolved to make the most of it.  Accordingly, he saddled his horse and headed for San Felipe, where he intended to renew his friendship with Stephen Austin.

Bastrop-Late September

Hank MacElrae, having been greatly alarmed, had been unable to shake the unsettled feeling he’d developed the last time he’d been to town.  He now realized that he had no recourse but to get back there and find out what was brewing.  He couldn’t abide not knowing from nothing, so he set about thinking on an excuse to get back into town.  He was well aware that Julie wouldn’t like going back so soon.  It was a long rough ride, and she wasn’t one to waste a day that could be used for some back breaking chore or another.  With this thought in mind, Hank honed his story for an entire day before approaching Julie with what he thought would meet her approval.  
As they sat at the table in the cabin having a bit of breakfast, Hank pondered how pleasant it was having breakfast indoors.  Because the nights started cooling down a bit this time of year, the cabin wasn’t too hot for passing the time in the morning.  Suddenly realizing the silence had grown embarrassingly long, Hank sheepishly began his carefully planned speech timidly, suggesting, “Been thinkin’, Julie.”
“Thinkin’,” Julie replied suspiciously, eyeing him over the lip of her coffee cup.  “Thinkin’?  When was you ever known to think before mid-day, Hank MacElrae?”
This last was said lovingly, to Hank’s surprise.  He guessed their tryst the previous night down by the creek, and then in the barn, had left him in good stead with her, although he was never sure with her.  All he knew was that he was powerfully attracted to her, never more so than last night.  Baffled at her complexity, he continued his soliloquy, still searching for the right phrase, “Well, here’s the thing, Julie.  We could probably sow three times as much acreage next spring if we could get a better plow and harness for the team.  I’m thinkin’ now is the time to buy them.  What do you say to that?” 
Continuing to sip her coffee, her blunt response was, “Money’s tight.”
“Well, of course it is, honey,” he responded compliantly, “But here’s the thing, plows go down in price this time of year, ‘cause the crops are in.”
“What’s wrong with the old one?” she queried, continuing to eye him suspiciously.
“You done said it – it’s old.  I’m not too sure it’ll make it through another season, and it’s small besides.  We need a good big one, for sure.  And it’ll take a bigger harness to handle it, too.”
“How much we talkin’ ‘bout,” she asked, coming directly to the point.
 “Say, twenty dollars.  Same thing would cost thirty next spring, I expect,” he volunteered.  Studying her cautiously, he could feel from her look that she was coming around.
Julie now pondered for a few moments, Hank aware that when she did so the best thing to do was to maintain silence.  Just let her think - if there was one thing he’d learned about women, it was to keep your mouth shut at the right times, and to his way of thinking, this was one of those times.
“Alright,” she suddenly blurted out, “Let’s do it.  When you want to go to town?”
“Today… might as well.  Don’t know when we’ll have a finer day,” he answered with a shy grin.
“Well then, let’s get to it,” she responded, awarding him with her own smile of compliance.
When they arrived in town two hours later, things were bustling, even more so than the week before.  Seemed to Hank that lately that was all folks ever did – bustle.  Himself affected by it all, Hank hurriedly hitched the wagon and the pair immediately got down to the business at hand.
He was darned pleased when he and Julie managed to negotiate a price for the plow that was even less than he had expected.  As a result Julie, who was in an expansive mood over their surprisingly good finances, decided to do a bit of unplanned shopping.  Hank was certain he had been right to get to town, the real reason having nothing whatsoever to do with finances.
He took the opportunity to excuse himself to seek out news regarding the rumors of war.  Stepping into Jack’s Saloon shortly thereafter, he found a group of locals discussing the latest news.  Sure enough, there was that husky fella Hawk Banks among them, so Hank wandered up and inquired sunnily, “Howdy, gents, what’s the latest news from down south?”
 “Well, hello there, Mr. Hank MacElrae.  I must say, I’m pleased to see you again,” Hawk responded affably, “We were just discussing that very subject when you came in.  I for one believe that we should assemble a group of volunteers and help shore up Austin’s army down in Gonzales.  How about you?  Are you up for it, Hank?”
Taken aback by such a forward suggestion, Hank scratched his chin in contemplation for a moment, eventually prevaricating as best he could, “Don’t suppose I can just now.  Got the wife and kid to look after.  How long you think this thing is goin’ to last?”
Hawk volunteered, “In my time, I’ve seen situations much like this before.  This situation is not going to go away of its own accord, in my view.  First, suppose for the moment that the government of Mexico decides to send the Army of Mexico northward.  Preparations for such a journey will require a minimum of a month, perhaps even two.  Then you have to consider the time it takes for the army to get to Texas from Mexico.  I expect that would require at least another month.  
“By then it will be December, which brings us to yet another issue - the effect of winter weather, which slows armies down considerably, even this far south.  When it rains the roads turn to mud, and that will stop any army dead in its tracks.  
“Gentlemen, I believe that we’re looking at next spring before Mexico can possibly mount a full-scale invasion of Texas.  Of course, that doesn’t rule out the possibility of minor skirmishes sooner, what with some troops already on the ground in Texas.”
Impressed with Hawk’s apparent knowledge on the subject, not to mention his eloquence, Hank replied, “Then I ‘spect I got time to think things over.  Where’d you say you was from, Hawk?”
“Been here and there, the Blue Ridge, Missouri, most recently in Tennessee,” Hawk responded.  Hank was contemplating how Hawk had come to be called Hawk when Hawk up and hawked and spat, sort of simultaneously, just like the last time they’d met, thus going a long ways towards solving that little  mystery.
Bill now cut in, responding to Hank, “Well now, don’t be thinkin’ on it too long, Hank MacElrae.  If and when that Mexican army gets going, it’s likely to be several thousand strong.  And you can bet it’ll be comin’ right through here.  You and the family will darn sure be in harm’s way, I’m thinkin’.”
Hearing this, Hank shifted uncomfortably, inquiring with apparent alarm, “When might that be, Bill?” 
“Soon as the roads dry out next spring is my guess.”
“Well, I expect I’ll think hard on it.  See you boys later,” Hank said, turning to head out the door in panic.  Fretfully searching out Julie, he had that growing feelin’ deep down inside.  He couldn’t get a fix on it, but he was churning inside.
Throughout the ride home Hank was silent and pensive.  Julie, who knew him well enough to sense that something was up, eventually broke the silence, blabbing, “Well, somethin’ is shore enough up, Mr. Hank MacElrae.  You ain’t said one word in near five miles.  Give over, husband of mine.  What’s brought on that scowl on your face?”
Shifting his position on the buckboard, Hank leaned forward, simultaneously emitting a low sort of a coo, like the sound of a bird.  
Although it wasn’t much of a response, to Julie it nonetheless seemed normal for Hank.  She stared off towards the prairie, simply smirking, but eventually she chimed in, mumbling between gritted teeth,“Well, that shore ‘nough explains a lot, Mr. Hank know-it-all.  Now I understand everything clear like,” and it was clear that she was no longer smirking - she was downright mad.
Realizing he had to say somethin’ or risk her thundering wrath, Hank muttered, “War’s comin’, I ‘spect, Julie.”
“Right,” she almost spat at him, “Tell me something I don’t already know.  I got eyes, I can see what’s goin’ on in town.  Any damn fool can see that!  Just tell me what you found out!” 
“Well, ‘spect Auggey ain’t listening anyway,” Hank responded, trying to use that as a cover for his reticence, but well aware that was not the real reason he was reticent to speak up.  Having no further excuse, he commenced with, “Well, here’s the thing, Julie – there’s been a conflict, they say at Anahuac.  We won it, at least that’s what they’re sayin’.  Now it seems that Mr. Stephen F. Austin is in the process of puttin’ an army together.”
“Where?” she replied succinctly, if for no other reason than to keep him talking now that he’d gotten started.
“Well, it’s down south, I reckon, maybe around Gonzales.”
“How far is Gonzales from here?”
“Oh, ‘bout fifty miles, I should think.  Kindda towards San Antonio, I reckon.  I’m not rightly sure,” but then he suddenly ceased talking yet again.
Julie knew immediately what that meant, “You’re goin’, aren’t you!” she fairly spat out, not even bothering to make it out as a question, just stating it as simple fact.
Hank pulled off his hat, wiped his brow with the sleeve of his shirt and, replacing it gingerly, responded fretfully, “I guess I’d better, the crops are in anyway,” and that was all he could drum up to say.
There was another long pause, but then Julie put in, “I’ve known you long enough to know there’s no changin’ your mind when it’s set, Hank MacElrae.  So I ain’t going to try and change your mind.  I just got one question for you – how long do you think all of this fightin’ is going to last?”
“No more’n six weeks, I ‘spect,” Hank lied, not wanting it to sound as drawn out as he’d heard it might be.  The wagon bucked at that moment, hitting a larger than usual hole in the road, then rolled on.
Julie groaned in discomfort, then stated flatly, “So you’ll be home by Christmas,” and it wasn’t a question - it was a command.  
Hank understood that all too well, responding, “Yes, it’ll all be over by then.  We Texians got the Mexican Army outnumbered in Texas at the moment.  We’ll sure as heck beat ‘em up and send them packing before winter sets in.”
“You damn well better, husband, ‘cause we got plantin’ to do come next spring.”
“I know, and that’s why it would be best to get it done now, before next spring,” he volunteered, hoping he sounded to her as if he knew what he was talking about.  He didn’t want to mention what Bill Walker had said – that Santa Anna might be stirred up enough to send a much larger army to Texas next spring.  That made his stomach churn; that was the thing he was most worried about.
“So I’ll be leaving tomorrow mornin’,” Hank concluded, and from there on the pair rode in silence.

South of Bastrop-The Following Day

Hawk had lit out of Bastrop at sunrise, heading south.  He’d only managed to drum up two volunteers.  They were a father and son, Joseph Henderson and his son Joey.  Joey was a bit young at nineteen, but there was no separating him from his father, especially since his mother and sister had died of typhoid two years earlier.
Around mid-morning Hawk got the urge to do his walking for the day.  Hawk enjoyed a walk on a fine sunny day.  His avowed intention was to practice walking every day for at least a couple of hours.  In his view, it was a fundamental act of humankind to walk, and it just so happened this was a perfect day for it.
Achilles - that’s what Hawk called his horse - was clearly happy to get the weight off his back.  Hawk had picked the name because he’d read about the ancient warrior of the same name and, his horse being similarly big and strong, the name Achilles had seemed appropriate.
He and Achilles had been through quite a bit since they’d left Kentucky.  Hawk wasn’t prone to lovin’ animals with such nasty habits as horses, but he had to admit to himself that he owed a lot to Achilles.  He supposed he even considered Achilles to be a friend of sorts, especially when he was off traveling like today.  They were strolling down a well-trodden road, headin’ straight south.  It was really more of a path, and since it didn’t seem to be getting a whole lot of wagon travel lately, there was only a single beaten down rut.
Achilles suddenly snorted and, Hawk stroking his muzzle in anticipation, asked his horse pointedly, “What you smell, boy?  We got ourselves a visitor?  Man, or animal?”  Hawk was well enough acquainted with Achilles by now to know that his horse could tell the difference.
Sure enough, as if on cue, Achilles tossed his head, nodding confirmation of Hawk’s surmise.  Although Hawk knew that was horse language for something, he himself could speak English, Spanish, and some French, but he unfortunately spoke no Horse.  So he’d never quite figured out what Achilles was getting at in times like this.  Still, it was nonetheless clear that Achilles’ superior sense of smell was at work, and something was stirring nearby.  
Accordingly, Hawk tugged Achilles deftly into a thicket and held his reigns tight so as to signal Achilles to be silent, motioning his two companions to do the same.  Although he himself could not understand Achilles, he was certain that Achilles could understand him.  Sure enough, right on cue, Achilles froze and stood silently.  
Peering from the thicket, the small force stealthily awaited whatever it was.  Eventually, he heard a horse coming down the trail, traveling south, just like he and his companions.  A few moments more, and the rider came into view.  Recognizing the interloper, Hawk stepped out onto the trail, announcing pleasantly, “Why, if it isn’t Mr. Hank MacElrae!  A pleasure to see you, sir.  A fine day for a walk, is it not?”
Hank, drawing up his horse in surprise, came to an abrupt halt.  “And good morning to you, Mr. Banks,” he managed to blubber, “That it is, sir, that it is,” and though he was clearly surprised, Hank looked relieved rather than upset at this intrusion upon his solitude.
“Hauuugggh, (spit), and where might you be off to today sir, if I may be so bold?” Hawk queried.
“Same place as you, I expect,” replied Hank.  “Gonzales.”
“Right you are, sir,” Hawk responded jovially and, tugging his horse out onto the trail, he added, “Supposing I was to suggest that we travel on down there together - how would that sit with you, sir?”
Hawk’s pleasant demeanor clearly disarming to Hank, he responded obligingly, “Well, sir, hadn’t thought on it, but I do indeed believe that in these uncertain times there is safety in numbers.  And seein’ as how we are acquainted, I believe it to be entirely appropriate.”
Hawk smiled covertly to himself, not wanting Hank to notice.  Truth is, he was quite taken by Hank’s Scottish accent, together with his formality so far from anywhere that it might be of any use whatsoever.  He then chortled, “This is my traveling companion, Mr. Joseph Henderson, and this here is his son, Joey.  We’re headed down to join the army in Gonzales.”
“Pleased to meet you, Mr. Henderson,” Hank offered and, tipping his hat, added politely, “And you, too, Mr. Joey Henderson.”
Joey, who was prone to saying little if anything at all, simply nodded his compliance.
“What say we walk a bit, Hank.  May I call you Hank?” Hawk asked, appalled at himself for falling so easily into Hank’s misplaced sense of formality.
“Sir, if I may call you Hawk, then you may call me Hank!” Hank responded, and the two chuckled together at the absurdity of their ridiculously formal conversation.  
Hank abruptly dismounted from his horse and let out a grunt, complaining amiably, “Ain’t too used to riding for hours at a time.  What with the wife and boy, we usually ride into town in the wagon.  I fear I may be gettin’ a saddle sore, so I’m thinkin’ maybe a bit of walkin’ would do me good, Hawk.”
Hank really didn’t care much for walking, but it seemed the prudent thing to do since he cared even less for traveling alone.  He hadn’t been down this way before, so he had little idea whether there might be Indians in these parts.  For some reason, Hawk seemed to be intent on taking a Sunday stroll on down to Gonzales.  That didn’t seem right to Hank.  In Hank’s opinion, once the decision was made to get into a war, you ought to go straight after it without hesitation.  But, as he certainly didn’t need a sore on his butt, he decided to keep his mouth shut for the time being.  
They hadn’t walked a mile when a beetle, minding his own business, came trotting across the path. Without missing a step, Hawk leaned over, swept the unsuspecting critter up and popped it into his mouth.  Hank could hear it crunching as Hawk munched on it, like as if it was some delicacy.  
Hank was expecting some show-offey comment from Hawk, but as he said nothing and just kept on walking as if nothing at all had transpired, Hank decided he’d better obtain some information from Hawk regarding such bizarre behavior.  “Alright, I give in, what in blazes was that all about?” he asked.
“What,” answered Hawk absent mindedly, peering off distractedly to the west.
“That damn bug is what!  How in heck was it, anyway?” Hank responded, now growing just a tad surly at Hawk’s seeming indifference.
“On a scale of one to ten, it was about a three,” Hawk tallied, without so much as missing a stride.
Hank, walking a few paces onward, eventually inquired impatiently, “In what way?”
“Perhaps a bit too crunchy, a bit short on sweetness as well, I reckon,” Hawk proffered thoughtfully.
“Are you telling me that you do this sort of thing regular-like?” Hank inquired in obvious stupefaction.
“Most assuredly!  Eating beetles is quite good for the soul,” Hawk replied pensively. 
As Hawk had yet to be forthcoming in any satisfactory way, Hank hazarded yet another query, “Could you just cut out the small talk and give me some useful response, Hawk!”
Hawk halted abruptly, wheeled around, and took in Hank’s inquisitive stare.  Seeing as how his traveling companion was dead serious, he rubbed his chin, then commenced, as usual, with, “Hauuggghh (spit), Well, I suppose my behavior could be misconstrued as curious in some quarters.  But here’s the thing, I have nothing against beetles: they have their space awarded to them by God, as, of course, does humankind.  But there are times when there are overriding considerations to be considered.  This happens to be one of them, I reckon.”
Hank felt no closer to understanding than he had before he’d asked, but since Hawk was now at least speaking, he decided to play along as affably as possible.  “Couldn’t agree more, couldn’t agree more, sir,” having no idea at all what he was agreeing to.
 “You see, Hank, the coming war is going to change a lot of things for a lot of people.  And that there beetle I ate was prophetic, not to mention fortifying.”
“Yes, sir, I could see the latter plainly, but as to the former, I admit to being a bit mystified,” Hank shot back naively.
“Well, sir, it seems that the Egyptians thought that beetles were gods,” Hawk continued, attempting to clear up the mystery.
“Gods…what the…,” Hank posited, “I’d say they was critters, damned by God maybe, but they ain’t anything close to gods where I come from!”
“Yeah, but where you come from, they just kindda get in the way a lot.  The Egyptians thought they were gods because they would roll up a bunch of turds and drag them into a hole, and seal it up tight.  A few days later, out would pop a bunch of baby beetles.  Making baby beetles out of dung seemed pretty special to the Egyptians.  So they thought those beetles were gods,” Hawk rejoined sagely.
“Don’t know quite what to say to that, Mr. Hawk Banks,” Hank said, continuing to trudge on down the trail.  “You sayin’ them beetles grow from shit?”
“No sir, didn’t say that at all.  I said the Egyptians thought they did.  I doubt very seriously that beetles grow from shit.”
“Alright, what do you think?” Hank inquired, hoping to finally get to the bottom of this conundrum.
“Well, what I think may be incorrect, but I think that beetles got legs like us, eyes like us, heads like us, and insides like us.  In point of fact, we humans have quite a bit in common with beetles.  So I suspect they have babies just like us.”
“Where in blazes do you get this stuff from, Hawk?” Hank blurted in amazement.
“What stuff?” Hawk answered, uncertain as exactly what Hawk was referring.
“What stuff, what stuff?  I’m walking along the trail with a man I ain’t really known for more’n a day, and within the space of five minutes, he’s chompin’ on beetles, talkin’ about pagan Gods, referring to Egyptians, and sayin’ humans and beetles are just the same.  That’s what stuff!”
“Hah, hauugggh (spit),” Hawk grinned and, undaunted, continued with, “Dang, I see your point.  I expect it does sound somewhat bizarre to you, but where I come from, this would all be pretty normal subject matter.”
“Subject matter!  Now you’re starting to scare me, sir.  Ain’t never heard anyone ever say ‘subject matter’ outside of a classroom, and that’s been at least twenty years for me.”
“Right, right, You’re quite right, sir.  Guess you might as well know,” Hawk responded pleasantly, “I had a bit of schooling in my time.”
“Well glory be, good to know.  Glad to know you’re not just making it all up.  Just exactly what sort of schoolin’?”  Hank queried with apparent relief.
“I studied at a school called Harvard.  It’s in Boston.”
“Harvard…never heard of it,” Hank confessed, adding, “Heard of Boston, though.  That’s a long way from here, in more ways than one, I’d say for sure.”
“You got that right,” Hawk muttered loquaciously.
“You from there - Boston?”
“Yes, sir, grew up there.”
“What’s it like?”
“Depends.  Depends entirely on what your point of perspective.  You might presume on first glance that it’s quite civilized.  You could even say it is blessed with plenty of excitement.  But for me, it’s neither - too much politics, and too many people telling you do this and don’t do that.  After a while, it gets to the point that you can hardly breathe from the claustrophobia of folks minding your business for you.”
“What’s claustrophobia?” asked Hank.
“That’s just a big word for feeling closed in.”
Hank thought a second, added, “So is that why you left Boston?”
“Pretty much,” Hawk replied frankly.
“When was that?”
“Oh, more than twenty years ago.”
“Is that when you went to Tennessee?”
“Nope, shipped out to sea,” Hawk answered matter-of-factly.
“Wow!  You were a seaman?”  Hank asked incredulously.
“That’s right, although I wouldn’t say I was much of one,” Hawk murmured.
“Why is that?”
“Well, I never did get used to not being able to just wake up, pull on my shoes, and go wherever I wanted to.  But I tried sailing for a while, I saw some of the world, and then I moved on to something else.”
“Where’d you ship to?”
“Europe mostly,” Hawk answered.  
“Where ‘bouts?”
“Mostly ports, Lisbon, Sevilla, Le Havre, Portsmouth, places like that.”
“So you been to Spain?”
“Yes,” Hawk responded patiently, “I lived there for a bit.”
“Gee, I’ll bet you speak Spanish!”
“Yes, indeed I do.”
“Anything else?”
“Yes, some French as well.”
Having come to the end of his thinking, Hank walked on for a minute, then started up yet again, querying, “Have you been to Egypt?  Is that how you know about them beetles?”
“No, haven’t been there.  Don’t want to either.  Supposed to be quite dangerous, that is, unless you’re a Muslim.”
“What’s that?” asked Hank.
“It’s a religion followed by people from that part of the world.  I learned about Egypt in France.  It seems that Napoleon Bonaparte got to thinking he was a modern-day Alexander the Great.  So off he went with fifty thousand troops and invaded Egypt.”
“I didn’t know that.”
“Most folks around here don’t know about such things, Hank.  There’d probably be no reason to.  At any rate, Napoleon might’ve been crazy when he did that, but he did do one really smart thing - he took a couple of hundred scientists with him to Egypt.  Napoleon high-tailed it back to France, but the scientists stayed on for three years.  After they came home they started publishing books about what they’d seen, and it became all the rage in France.  I heard about all those things involving Egypt while I was living there.”
“Meaning, about them beetles that shit their offspring in a dung hole,” Hank added, grinning proudly at his newfound cognition.
“Whatever,” Hawk replied blandly, adding coincidentally, “Turns out, the Egyptians considered it to be sacrilegious to eat beetles.”
“You sinner!”  Hank shot back victoriously.
“No sir, not me.  Not at all.  First of all, it was a long time ago.  So I expect the statute of limitations has expired.  Second, I’m fairly certain those Egyptian beetles were different ones from ours. “
“What makes you think that?” Hank asked.
“Well, sir.  I’ve been across the ocean.  So far as I know, beetles cannot swim, and there is no other way to get from there to here.”
“What about just hitchin’ a ride on a boat like you done, Hawk?”
“Well, now there’s an interesting thought,” Hawk rejoined, “I suppose they could, but not until recently so far as we know.  Columbus didn’t discover this continent until about three hundred years ago, and the Egyptians began worshipping beetles a lot longer ago than that.  So while it is conceivable that the beetle I just ate is a descendent of an Egyptian beetle God, it most assuredly isn’t one of the original ones they thought were gods.”
“Still though, it don’t seem right to me,” Hank replied.
“Well, I look at it this way,” Hawk volunteered, “I follow a different religion from Egyptians.  In my religion, if I eat a beetle, I absorb all of its godliness, and that’s where we started this discussion.  You asked what I was doing, and I responded that I was preparing for the coming war.  And there you have it – I am today a well-fortified parishioner of the Beetle God!”
Hank, suddenly slowing his gait, pulled his cap off to wipe the sweat from his brow and, gazed up at the October sun, turned to respond to this last, “Well, we’re gonna need all the help we can get to defeat the enemy, and I expect that the more religions we can embrace, the better.  So we got Jesus and the beetles covered.  And although I feel certain I don’t know no more than when I first asked, somehow I feel reassured to be in the presence of a potential beetle saint.”


Chapter 3

Death on the Plains

Texas has yet to learn submission to any oppression, come from what source it may.
-Sam Houston

South of Bastrop-Late September, 1835

Towards late afternoon Hawk pulled up his horse.  As they were in an elevated spot, a beautiful panorama now unfolded before their eyes, allowing them to see for miles off in the distance.  Clearly taken by the scene before him, Hawk raised up in his stirrups, peering deliberately off in the distance.
“I see it, too,” Joey said abruptly.  It was the first words they had heard from the youngster.
“See what?” Hank asked, baffled.
“Smoke,” Hawk responded tersely, his eyes now focused intently on some unseen object.
Though Hank peered, he could see nothing untoward, having not been blessed with the eyesight of an eagle.  
Joey now spoke up yet again, asking, “What is it, Mr. Hawk?  What do you think it is?”
“I don’t know, son, but I intend to find out,” Hawk responded meaningfully.
“How far off is it?” Hank asked in confusion.
“No more than a mile, I expect,” Hawk answered brusquely, adding, “Now gentlemen, listen up,” and it was clear from his attitude that Hawk had placed himself in charge of his fellow riding companions.  “This is what we are going to do - we’re going to ride over there through those bushes and around to the south, so as to avoid being detected.  I need everyone to be silent in the process.”
“What’s the problem, Hawk?”  Hank asked, still puzzled.
“I think we’re dealing with some Indians, Hank,” Hawk responded as he turned and rode forward.  At this revelation, the other three followed in apparent trepidation.  
After several minutes, Hawk pulled up his horse.  Raising his hand, he motioned the others to halt.  “Alright gents, here is what I have in mind to do.  I’m going in there and see what that smoke is from.  If I haven’t returned by the time the shadow from that tree hits that rock there, you get the heck out of here as quickly as possible, and you ride southwest for Gonzales as fast as your horses will take you!”
Joey didn’t say a word.  He just turned white as a sheet.  Hank gulped, mumbled, “What the…,” but by then Hawk had already ridden off.  Having no other option in mind, the three got down off their horses and waited.
Hawk was back within minutes and, climbing down from his horse, he removed his hat, subsequently stroking his brow with the back of his sleeve.  “We have ourselves a real mess, gents,” he said tersely, followed by one of his famous spits.  Sensing the gravity of the situation from his tone, no one dare move.  He now continued, announcing, “What we have here is a couple of Indian pups, probably out on a training mission.  They’ve captured a woman.  From the looks of her, she’s a settler.  She’s all trussed up, and she’s been beat pretty bad.”
There was shocked silence, Hank finally asking, “What’s a training mission?”
“Thought you’d ask.  These pups are Penatucka Comanches.  That tribe likes to send their soon-to-be warriors out on a mission to prove their manhood.  An older brave goes with them, sort of a guide to make sure they don’t try anything stupid.  Usually they go out and kill a bear, or a cougar, or some animal.  But they go after anything they find.  They are required to, otherwise, they’ll be branded cowards.  They apparently came across this family – a man, his wife, and a boy.  They killed the man and the boy straightaway, and now they’re having their way with the woman.”
Hank scratched his head and, staring Hawk in the eye, offered ominously, “I don’t like this, Hawk.”
“You got that right, Hank!” Hawk exclaimed, “We got ourselves a hornet’s nest here.”
“Why?” Joey asked.  His dad stood silently, awaiting Hawk’s next move.
“There is no older brave with them,” Hawk now espoused pointedly.  At this, Joey instinctively crouched and, peering from side to side, appeared to scout the brush for signs of movement.
“Relax, son, if they were after us, you’d already be dead,” Hawk said.  “I saw signs, though.  There was indeed a third one - I could tell from the hobble stones.  There’s a real dangerous Indian somewhere around here, and he’s probably watching us at this very moment.”
“What we gonna do, Hawk?” Hank inquired fearfully.
“Well, here’s the thing, boys,” Hawk announced, “I’m a Ranger - sworn to defend Texans against Indians.  I’m therefore duty-bound to go and save that woman.  So here is what I propose to do.  The Guadalupe River is just right over there about a hundred yards or so.  We’re going to go down river a little ways and find a really good spot to defend ourselves, and when night falls, I’m going to rescue that woman.”  
Nobody moved, not a single word was spoken.  Sensing their collective shock, Hawk just glanced at each one of them in turn, thenceforth commanding, “Follow me, gents.”
They found a good spot protected by a small cliff on the west bank, and they built a small fort from rocks.  They holed up in it, and when dark came, Hawk prepared to go.  He started by stuffing his saddle bags with mud and small rocks from the river bank.  Then, for some reason he took off his clothes.  Hank noticed that he was covered with hair from head to foot.  With his massive girth, Hank thought he looked like a bear in the darkness.
Observing it all Hank, unable to contain himself no longer, inquired, “What in tarnation are you doin’ there, Hawk?”
“Thought you’d never ask,” Hawk responded cheerfully.  “Listen Hank, those two pups are on the opposite bank over there.  I plan to swim the river, and then I’m going to take my double barreled musket here and shoot the both of them, that is, assuming they’re still there.”
“Why wouldn’t they be?”
“That brave is still around here somewhere.  He is either waiting to shoot us, or he’s gone back to help them get away.  My guess is he’s not interested in them.  He’s interested in us.  If so, then as soon as I leave, he’s going after the three of you.  So you watch yourself, you hear?”
“What?” Hank blabbed, suddenly feeling the blood rushing to his face.  
“You’ll be alright, Hank.  You just stay in this little fort.  Indians are way too smart to attack three men under cover.  If you stay well protected, he’ll be after me instead.”
“How you gonna fight him?  You got one musket with two shots, and there’s three Indians out there, maybe more!”
“There’s only three of them, and each of them has a rifle.  So there’s two rifles in their camp.  I ought to be able to take two of their rifles before the third brave gets back,” and at that, Hawk pulled the saddle bags tight around himself and turned to head up river.  
“What are you doin’ with them saddlebags, Hawk?”
“Breastplate, Hank.  I observed it in the French army.  It’s protection, in case one of them gets off a shot at me.”
“Well, I’ll be!” Hank blabbered, adding, “Well then, good luck, Mr. Banks!”
Seeing Hank’s concern, Hawk replied matter-of-factly, “If all goes well, I’ll be back in less than an hour.  If not, come first light you gents get on downriver to Gonzales as quick as your horses will take you.”
Hawk now headed up the river as quietly as he could, preferring to walk in the water so as to keep the sound of twigs and leaves from crackling under foot.  Eventually, he came upon their camp.  They had built a roaring fire, allowing him to see everything happening on the opposite bank.  One of the two pups was taking advantage of the woman.  
Moving as fast as he could to swim the river, Hawk intended to reach the far bank before the pup finished what he was doing.  Moments later, rising silently out of the river, Hawk bolted for the camp, but he stepped on a stick, causing it to snap loudly.  Since he was still too far to fire the musket, he ran directly toward the one that was tending the fire.  Hearing the sound, the pup looked up and, seeing Hawk, grabbed for his rifle.  Hawk saw him raise it, but he was still too far away for the accuracy of a musket.  
The other pup, who was by now off of the woman, grabbed for his own rifle.  Hawk and the pup with the rifle fired simultaneously.  Hawk went down.  The bullet had hit him full in the chest.  Fortunately, the pup had aimed at his saddlebag, and although it had struck the bag with a powerful wallop that knocked the wind out of Hawk, the bag had held.  And Hawk’s musket had struck home; the pup was down, writhing in agony.
Hawk bounded back to his feet just as the second pup grabbed his rifle and swung round to fire.  Hawk caught him in the chest with his other musket ball.  His aim having been true, both pups were done for.  Hawk coughed in pain, grabbed the second pup’s rifle and, racing over to the woman, planted himself behind a rock close by to her.  
He now waited, expecting the older brave to come running any second.  He waited motionless for a quarter of an hour, straining to hear any sound at all from the woods.  His chest hurt badly, but he was otherwise uninjured.  The woman said nothing and, although she lay as if she was dead, he could hear her breathing.  By that point in time, both of the pups were clearly dead.  
By now, satisfied that the brave was not coming for him, Hawk leaned over to the woman and asked her if she was alright.  She jerked around and stared vacantly at him without so much as saying a word.  Seeing that she was able to move, he pulled his knife from his saddlebag and cut her ropes.  
She yanked the ropes off as fast as lightening, grabbed Hawk’s knife and ran for the pup who had been on top of her.  She jumped on the corpse, stabbed it, over and over, repeatedly saying, quietly, “That’s for Billy, you bastard.  That’s for Billy, you bastard.”  Each stab was accompanied by the same utterance.  Having finally run out of energy, she ceased her tirade.  Although the pup had already been dead, he was by then a real mess.  
She groaned and, managing to stumble to her feet, Hawk could see that she was covered with blood.  Standing half naked, blood dripping profusely from her, she stared wildly at the dead Indian before her, appearing in the light of the campfire like the very devil.  
Keenly aware that they were still in danger, Hawk said empathetically to the woman, “Now, we must be going, Ma’am.  There could be more of them about, so we must be going now.  Was there another one with them, an older brave?”
Ignoring his questions, the woman just stood there, unable to tear herself from the sight of the dead Indian.  Hawk could tell she was messed up.  She wasn’t going to be much help.  He had seen this sort of thing once before, and he knew what to do.

Somewhere Down River

Hank had lost track of time.  He’d never had to try and keep time when he was so nervous before.  It seemed like it had been at least two hours.  Of course, he’d heard the shots, but when Hawk didn’t come back, he’d begun to get really worried.  Every telltale sound in the darkness had brought his rifle up, ready to fire.  But he saw nothing at all, and by now he was in despair over the apparent loss of Hawk.
Suddenly, he heard Hawk’s voice calling from upriver, “Gents, hold your fire, I’m coming in.  And I got the woman with me.”
Relief flooding over Hank, he seemed to realize for the first time just how dangerous Texas really was.  Hawk had survived.  Best to stick close to him from now on.  
As Hawk came into the camp, Hank could see he was tugging the woman along in tow.  “What the heck are you doing, man?” Hank asked, looking bewildered.
“Shush up, Hank,” Hawk ordered quietly, “She’s not herself at the moment.  I had to tie her hands to get her to follow me.  I’ve heard about this before.  The Indians can drive people loco real fast when they catch them.  No telling how long they had her, but they treated her abominously.  So give her some space.  We’re less than a half day from Gonzales now.  We’ll get her on down there in the morning.  Those folks will know what to do with her.”
“What happened to the men that had her?” Joey asked sheepishly.
“They got their just reward, son,” Hawk replied succinctly.  “Now listen here, gents.  That brave is still around here somewhere, I’d bet my cajones on it.   So be lively, and keep an eye out.”  
At that moment, they heard a wailing song, piercing the air from upriver.  Hank jumped a foot in the air in surprise. Exclaiming, “What the hell is that?”
“Told you,” Hawk responded officiously, “That’s the brave.  He’s tending to his dead pups.  They have to be treated just right or they won’t get into heaven.  He’ll be singing their death song so as to clear the way for them.”
“They got weird ways, if you ask me,” Joey said.  “Why didn’t he try to defend them pups?” 
Hawk spat, responding, “Well, they’re not weird ways to them.  I suppose our ways are just as strange to them as their ways are to us.  To their way of thinking, a young brave has to prove himself on his own, without the help of the older warriors.  The brave was just an observer of sorts.  He was here to protect the two pups from natural phenomena, but not from humans.  He was bound by Indian custom to not interfere.  He was also there to report back to the tribe should anything untoward happen to the pups.  As it turns out, they acquitted themselves quite well.  They killed a couple of Texans, captured a white woman, and, perhaps most important of all, they defended themselves to the death.  So while the tribe will mourn their loss, they will be comforted by the knowledge that their two pups gained manhood and will most assuredly be welcomed into heaven.”  
“Well, if that don’t beat all,” Hank said wistfully, “I never!”
“Now you gents get some sleep,” Hawk commanded brusquely, “I’ll keep watch till morning.  We’ll start for Gonzales at first light.”
Hours later, Hank awoke with a start in the grey morning light.   Hawk was standing over by the river bank, staring straight up, and he was calling out, “Now, you come down from there, ma’am.  That brave is still around here somewhere.  You might not be safe up there!”
Hank rolled to his feet and peered skyward, in the direction Hawk was staring.  The woman was standing on top of the cliff staring straight ahead.  She seemed to be watching the sunrise.  Joey and Joseph were watching, too, transfixed by the sight.  As Hank watched, the sunlight, rising from the east, touched the top of her head.  Down below, they were still hidden in the last darkness that presages dawn.  
The woman now began singing a song, a slow Scottish tune of mourning.  Hank recalled it from his youth.

Baloo, my boy, lie still and sleep
It grieves me sore to hear thee weep
If thou'lt be silent I'll be glad
Thy moaning makes my heart full sad.
Baloo, my boy, thy mother's joy
Thy father bred me great annoy
Baloo, baloo, baloo, baloo
Baloo, baloo, lu-li-li-lu.

O'er thee I keep my lonely watch
Intent thy lightest breath to catch
O, when thou wak'st to see thee smile
And thus my sorrow to beguile.
Baloo, my boy, thy mother's joy
Thy father bred me great annoy
Baloo, my boy, lie still and sleep
It grieves me sore to hear thee weep.

Twelve weary months have crept away
Since he, upon thy natal day
Left thee and me, to seek afar
A bloody fate in doubtful war.
Baloo, my boy, lie still and sleep
It grieves me sore to hear thee weep
If thou'lt be silent, I'll be glad
Thy moaning makes my heart full sad.

I dreamed a dream but yesternight
Thy father slain in foreign fight
He, wounded, stood beside my bed
His blood ran down upon thy head
He spoke no word, but looked on me
Bent low, and gave a kiss to thee!
Baloo, baloo, my darling boy
Thou'rt now alone thy mother's joy. 

As she sang, the sunlight slowly crept down her head, thereby bathing her entire face in sunlight.  At that moment, Hank saw a movement off to her left.  A brave was standing further down the cliff, perhaps fifty yards away, patiently watching the woman as well.  Joey, observing him as well, pointed silently at the brave.  
The woman, having completed her song, stood motionless for a few seconds more, and then she silently stepped from the cliff into thin air.  She tumbled as she fell, landing on her head at the river’s edge.  There she lay motionless, death her welcome escape.
Now the men gazed skyward yet again, and saw that the lone brave had taken up her spot on the cliff.  As he was quite tall, the sunlight exposed more of him.  He looked to be around twenty-five, and he was possessed of an enormous hump.  He was positively the most terrifying thing that Hank had ever seen in his life.  
The brave now sang his own song to the heavens, and as he did so, it seemed appropriate for the men to remain motionless in homage.  The wailing song was sad and deep, just as had been the woman’s, thereby moving Hank to tears.
When the brave had finished, he looked imperiously down upon the men for a few moments, then announced sonorously, “They died well.”  Then he gazed directly at Hawk and, raising his right hand to the sky, he said, “We will meet again someday, Hawk-who-Spits,” and then he turned and disappeared.
The four men, moved by the entire proceeding, remained motionless for a few further moments, Joey finally breaking the silence with, “Who was that Indian, Hawk?”
“Buffalo Hump,” Hawk replied, and so saying, he spat furiously.
“Never heard of him,” Joey responded.
“You will, son, you will, if you live long enough.  Now let’s bury this poor woman and get on down to Gonzales.”
Two hours later the four men headed southwest along the river for Gonzales.


Chapter 4

The First Shots

It was our Lexington, though a bloodless one…But the fight was on.  Not a man among us thought of receding from the position on which this bold act had placed us.
-Noah Smithwick

Gonzales-Early October, 1835

Hank and Hawk arrived in Gonzales on the first of October, accompanied by the Hendersons.  As the whole town was in an obvious uproar, Hawk immediately determined to do some reconnoitering. 
Hank found Gonzales to be quite interesting.  Not only was it bigger than Bastrop, it somehow felt like he had crossed over from Texas to Mexico.  For one thing, plenty of buildings were made from stone, and a few were even made of adobe.  But it also seemed that a lot more folks were Tejanos than had been the case further east and north.  Hank was indeed surprised that things could change so quickly just by heading southward for a couple of days.  
Taking the opportunity afforded by Hawk’s absence, Hank sat back, observing the hustle and bustle within town.  Eventually, Hawk came out of the Sheriff’s office and walked briskly towards him.  It was obvious from his demeanor that he had significant news to report. As he approached, Hank inquired vacuously, “Hawk, ever been anywhere like this before?”
“Depends,” Hawk replied breathlessly, and it was clear he was not in the mood for conversation.  “Got some news, Hank.  Seems we got here just in the nick of time.  I haven’t got it all quite clear yet since folks all seem to be in a rush, but here is what I know.  Seems the Mexican Army has demanded that the folks here in Gonzales give back a cannon they loaned to them four years ago.  The town folk were apparently given the cannon to defend themselves against the Indians.  Most folks think that being ordered to give it back violates the Constitution of 1824, so they’re refusing to comply with the request.  Seems the local settlers are pouring into town for the purpose of defending the cannon.”
Blanching at this revelation, Hank sputtered, “You mean there’s a fight comin’?”
“Well, it does seem so,” Hank opined, adding, “And here’s the damndest thing about it.  I observed that cannon down the street there, and it’s about the size of a large cigar.  Virtually useless in a fight, if you ask me.  But these folks are all riled up by now, and my guess is it really isn’t about the cannon at all.  It’s just an excuse, a rallying point for what’s coming, I expect.”
Hank had come south to be in the war, but now that he was confronted with the reality of it, especially such a senseless reality at that, he wasn’t so sure he’d done right.  Scratching his beard aimlessly, he blurted inanely, “Well, I swear.  We could just keep on headin’ south, Hawk.”
“No sir, this is the place, Hank.  I believe that luck is with us.  We’ve come looking for the war, and darned if we didn’t find it straightaway.  It might start out with something small, like what happened at Lexington in the American Revolution, but it’ll sure as shooting blow up faster than you can load a musket blindfolded.”
“So you think it’ll start small?” Hank asked hopefully.
“Didn’t say that, Hank, but if I was a bettin’ man, I’d say that’s likely.  Word has it the Mexican Army has only mustered about a hundred soldiers nearby.  So I expect it’ll be a posturing affair, like as not.”
“What’s a posturing affair?  Sounds like forbidden sex in the vertical to me.”
“Well, you would think that, Hank MacElrae.  You probably think sex should be accomplished strictly horizontal, and in the dark to boot.”
Wincing at Hawk’s obvious condescension, Hank said defensively, “Didn’t mean to divert to another subject.  I was just asking what you meant by posturing affair.  And besides, I done other ways, and on occasion even in daylight.”
“Well, bully for you, Mr. Handsome Hank MacElrae!” Hawk propounded bombastically, and so saying, he turned his back on Hank and gazed down the street for a moment.  Turning back, he mumbled to himself, “Where was I?  Oh, right, posturing affair.  That means a situation where two opponents get all fluffed up and start preening their feathers like two peacocks, acting as if they’re about to have a big fight, more often than not over a woman, and a whole bunch of onlookers become excited, hoping for a good show, and then the whole thing peters out when neither party has the stomach to throw the first punch.”
“Oh, right, I’ve seen that with two bulls before,” Hank put in, “Come to think of it, I’ve seen it with all sorts of animals, male ones of course.  Can’t say I’ve ever seen it with humans, though.”
“Well, here’s the thing, Hank, ol’ buddy - humans are animals, too.”
“That’s blasphemy!” Hank replied, looking injured.
“Call it what you want, lots of times in war, both sides act like they’re spoiling for a fight, when all they’re really doing is checking to see if the other party is serious.  So it’s not uncommon for one or both sides to back down, at least in the early stages.”
“Wow!  I wasn’t thinkin’ of warfare as bein’ fun, but this sounds like it could be.  Sorta like a game of checkers.”
“Right,” Hawk responded diffidently, “Leave it to you to equate checkers to warfare and killin’.”
“I didn’t mean it that way.”
“Never mind, Hank.  Now here’s what we have to do.  First off, we must go down to the sheriff’s office and get you signed up in the Volunteer Army of Texas.”
“Why me?  Ain’t you going to join up, too?”
“I already joined up, Hank.  Besides, I’m a Texas Ranger.  I’m already sworn to defend Texas.”
“Oh, that’s where you were when you came out of the sheriff’s office.  I got it.  What do we have to do after that, Hawk?”
“That’s the beauty of joining the military - once you’re signed on, you don’t have to do any thinking whatsoever.  Somebody will tell you what to do with every waking hour of your life.  Wake up, do this, do that.  Why, pretty soon you’ll need permission to fart!”
“I thought we were fightin’ in this war so we could be free men.  That don’t sound like freedom to me.”
“All freedom is both temporary and conditional, my man,” and Hawk said this somewhat derisively and, as Hank could tell it was meant to close the subject, he said no more.  Instead, the pair headed off to the sheriff’s office to sign Hank up for The Volunteer Army of Texas.  

Goliad, Texas-Early October

Francisco was only a private in the Mexican Army.  As such, he was given the least military of assignments.  Each day he carried water, helped with feeding the other soldiers, and cleaned the officers’ barracks.  Under the circumstances, he didn’t feel much like a soldier, and that was to his preference.  Word had it that the Texians were coming, and he wished to avoid the fighting.  As if to ward off such a possibility, he kissed his medal of San Francisco.
Goliad wasn’t physically that different from his home town.  But there was something about it that he didn’t like.  He couldn’t quite put his finger on it.  It was dirty and dusty and hot, just like home, and there weren’t many trees to provide shade from the sun.  But what he seemed to dislike about it was that it was so far from anywhere.  It seemed to him that it was on the edge of civilization.  After all, the missions had been established that way, and they all seemed to be a long way from Mexico City.  Mexico was a civilized country, but this didn’t seem like part of Mexico to him.  It was just too far away from civilization.  
Realizing this, he wondered to himself why El Presidente had decided to send an army so far from anywhere.  He had asked his fellow foot soldiers, but it seemed that they were all wondering the same thing.  He supposed to himself that it was not for him to question such important matters.

Gonzales-October 1

Hank and Hawk formed up after dark, along with about a dozen others, and marched out to meet the enemy on the Guadalupe River.  The other members of the volunteer army were already out there, camped somewhere along the river.
Hank didn’t like having to play war in the middle of the night, and he said so to Hawk.  
“Listen here, Hank, didn’t I tell you that you’d be told what to do every waking hour?”
“Yes, sir, you did, but I didn’t think that included sleepin’ hours, too.”
“Let’s not split hairs, son.  You are awake now, and we are in the army.  So shut up and keep walking.”
“Who’s in charge of this here army, Hawk?”
“Well, I hear tell the council is in San Felipe deliberating on that question at this very moment.  In the meantime, the men elected John Henry Moore to lead us here in Gonzales.  He has some able leaders, too, I hear, men like Joseph Wallace and Edward Burleson, and a man named James Neill who fought in the War of 1812.”
“Did you say elected?” Hank inquired with incredulity.
“Elected what?” Hawk responded in confusion.
“I thought I heard you say the leader was elected by the men, Hawk.”
“That I did.”
Hank, perplexed by this, suggested, “That seems strange if you ask me, Hawk.”
“I didn’t ask you, but seein’ as how you think it’s strange, perhaps you’d be willin’ to elaborate.”
“Well, sir,” Hank volunteered, “I read a bit about that fellow Napoleon.  I don’t think he was elected, and you’d know better than me about this, but Alexander the Great wasn’t elected neither, was he?  Nor was Julius Caesar, I’m thinkin’.”
“You are correct on all points,” Hawk concurred, “And what, pray tell, is your point?”
“Well, suppose we get out on the battlefield and we decide we don’t like the way the battle is bein’ directed by this here fellow Moore.  Is he a Colonel?” Hank didn’t wait for a reply, he just plunged onward, adding, “Why, we just turn to each other on the battlefield and all agree on the spot to hold a new election, thus appointing a new commander better equipped to handle the current circumstances.”
“In theory you are correct, my man.  But holding an election in the middle of a battle is technically impossible, I should think,” Hawk replied, trying to maintain a serious demeanor in the face of this rather ludicrous assertion.
“Haw, haw,” Hank replied derisively.  “I finally got your goat, Mr. High-and-mighty Hawk Banks.  I was funnin’ you, for sure!”
Hawk smiled, confiding, “And so you did.  Touché, as they say in France.  But you do in retrospect have a point, sir.”
“Well, of course I do,” Hank replied, not really knowing what it was, but intent on hiding the fact that he hadn’t a clue what it was.
“An army has to have strong leadership.  Can’t be holding elections all the time.  The people at the top need to have the power to make unpopular but nonetheless wise decisions and stick to them.”
“Why?” Hank asked.
“Because they have access to more information than we do.  And one would hope that they are also men of superior vision, such as were Alexander the Great and Caesar.”
“Yeah, that’s what I meant to say,” Hank replied, exaggerating considerably.
The small group of new recruits eventually arrived at their destination.  True to their expectations, the volunteer army was sizable.  
They had little time to rest before the whole bunch of them set off marching again.  Hank had no idea where they were going.  There was plenty of jabbering going on among the men, and Hank got more opinions than he could absorb simply by listening.  As near as he could tell, they were looking for the Mexican Army.  Apparently they’d had contact with them over the last couple of days, but both sides were moving around a bit, and now this damned fog had rolled in and nobody knew where the heck the enemy was located at the moment.  So they wandered around for a while in the dark, Hank beginning to think it was all pretty darn stupid.
Eventually dawn came and, the fog so thick Hank couldn’t see a hundred feet, he figured the whole thing would be called off.  But somebody must have known what they were doing, because pretty soon someone yelled out, and suddenly everyone was crouching and moving forward, searching around for signs of the enemy.  A solitary gun went off, and more than a hundred men flinched.  
Hank had never been in a war before, but if that was the first shot of this war, Hank figured it to be entirely forgettable.  All he could keep thinking to himself was, “This is just plain stupid,” but he didn’t want to say anything out loud for fear of it being the wrong thing.  
Pretty soon the army got down on a ridge and started firing their weapons across the Guadalupe River.  The cannon went off once and, as there was still too much darn fog, Hank hadn’t the slightest idea what was going on.  And then the order came down the line to cease firing.  Heck, Hank hadn’t ever commenced firing!  
They all sat down after a few minutes and, waiting around for what seemed like two hours, they then marched back into town.  By then the fog had lifted, and Hank could see the whole volunteer army strung out down the road.  Noticing the leaders up front, he figured the guy in front was Moore.  Everybody was whooping and talking, and acting like they were on a Sunday picnic.  Hank was totally baffled by the entire proceeding.
Finally, they all got back to town.  There was lots of back slapping, and liquor seemed to materialize from nowhere as literally every man in the volunteer army began the party, realization sinking in that they had not only survived, they had won.  
Eventually, Hank could contain himself no longer.  He sidled up to Hawk, feeling that he at least was one person that Hank could trust not to blab it to the world if he asked a stupid question.  Throwing caution to the wind, he inquired, “Would somebody please tell me what just happened, Hawk?”
Hawk, by then well into his third drink of whiskey, nevertheless blurted out, “War, my man.  We just witnessed the first shots fired in a revolution!  I thought I’d never live to see such a thing.  But here we are, we just witnessed one of the rarest events a man can partake of.”
“Well, you might’ve seen it, but I’m damned if I saw anything of significance,” Hank allowed.
“Matter of perspective, Hank.  Each man sees the battle with his own personal viewpoint.”
“Is that so,” Hank said doubtfully, “And exactly what did you see, Hawk Banks?”
“Same as you, not a damn thing,” Hawk responded laconically.  Hank contemplated a moment.  It was clear that Hawk needed one more drink before his tongue was properly loosened.  Hank thought he needed one, too.  
“Oh, that’s a relief,” Hank volunteered, “I thought my vision was deterioratin’ from bad to near blindness.  Seems like everybody else in this here army thinks they saw a miracle of sorts.”
“Well, and perhaps they did,” Hawk opined and, repeating himself, added, “Perhaps they did.  Only time will tell, Hank, my man.  Meantime, we got some serious celebratin’ to do here,” and at this, Hawk grabbed a bottle from a man nearby and poured a drink into his canteen.  
“Does that mean we won?” Hank queried vacuously.  He decided he needed a drink, too, but the man was clearly in no mood to extend the same courtesy to Hank that he had extended to Hawk.  
“Why hell, yes, man!” and Hawk grabbed the bottle again, this time pouring a drink for Hank.
“Thanks.” Hank replied, deciding not to ask how it was that Hawk had so much pull where liquor was concerned.  “This may sound stupid, but how does one know when they’ve won?”
“Well, for one thing, you can look down and see that you’re not shot nor wounded in any way, and that nobody else around you is either.  For another thing, the Mexican Army has high-tailed it back to San Antonio.  And when you put that together with the fact that everyone in the army is rejoicin’, that is indeed a sure sign of victory.”
“What if the other side is doing the same thing at this very moment?”
“They’re not.  Trust me, they’re not,” Hawk replied succinctly.
“How do you know that?”
“Because we ran them off, that’s why.  And more importantly, we still got the dang cannon!”
“Oh!” Hank responded, affirmation finally beginning to sink in.
“Did you see that crazy flag they were carrying?” Hawk blabbered, “I liked to died when I saw it.  Took everything I had to keep from busting out laughing in the middle of the battlefield.”
“No, didn’t see it,” Hank mumbled vacantly, “What’d it look like?”
“Simple, quite simple.  It had a cannon on it, and four words - Come and Take It! Har har!  I love it!”  And Hawk punctuated this last comment by slapping Hank soundly on the back.
And that was it - that was how the revolution began.  For Hank it was anticlimactic.  He’d never been in a war before, but he was pretty certain it wasn’t over by a long shot.  To his thinking, Hawk had been right on the mark - it was nothing more than a posturing affair.


Chapter 5

Impulsive Euphoria

I hope to see Texas free from Mexican domination of any kind.
-Stephen Austin

Bastrop-Mid-October, 1835

Hawk stayed drunk the better part of the succeeding week, and the army remained in a perpetual state of injudicious elation.  From Hank’s viewpoint, everyone seemed to be overly optimistic, and worse still, the army appeared to be little more than a mob.  With no real leadership in place, no one had any orders whatsoever.  
Given such lax circumstances, quite a few volunteers simply set out for their homes.  And perhaps worst of all, latecomers frantically attempted to attach themselves to the excitement, acting as though they had been there from the outset.  All things considered, Hank supposed it was little more than a carnival-like atmosphere.
One morning,finding Hawk leaning uncertainly against a street-side post, Hank inquired cynically, “Mornin’ Hawk, how’s the war progressin’?”
“Mornin’, Hank,” Hawk responded langorously, “Well, sir, I do not know about you, but I feel that at this most profound juncture in time I am definitely winning this war,” and for all the world, Hawk appeared to Hank to be infinitely assured of his own assertion.  
Hank was in no way confounded by this rather presumptuous remark and, immediately sizing up Hawk’s real reason for such a state of satisfaction, he quickly rejoined with, “What’s her name?”
“What?  Who?” Hawk responded blankly.
“You ain’t foolin’ nobody, Mr. Hawk Banks,” Hank said accusingly.  “No sir, we can all see what’s goin’ on here.  If you ask me, you sir, are a man of little substance.  You prance around showin’ off as if you’d been in a real war, and as reward for your farcical insinuation, you drink yourself into a stupor every night, but not before you stick your flamin’ hot poker into whatsoever female you can find to quench it.”
“Dang, and there I thought I was fooling you.  Damn!” Hawk replied sarcastically.   “Truth is I don’t give a dead skunk’s behind what you think of me, Hank MacElrae.  I admit quite freely to entertaining carnally desirous tendencies.  I also have been known to partake of a dose of hooch on occasion.  For those of us who have no feelings of guilt over experiencing divine happiness on rare occasions, these are normal human activities.  It’s you God-fearin’ Christians who have saddled the rest of us with your high-and-mighty sense of propriety.”
“What the hell does that mean?” Hank roared in obvious offense.
“It means, my good friend, mind your own damn business!”  Hawk rejoined with a disarming grin.  Hank was sorely upset, but then there was a sudden change in Hawk’s demeanor, he adding diffidently, “There I was, all intent on contemplating a serious matter, and you have to come up and interrupt my reverie.”  
“What the…” Hank blurted out.  He could see another one of those infernal speeches coming on, but he felt he had no choice but to play out his part.  Accordingly, he cued dutifully, “Thinkin’ on what, Hawk?”
“Well, outwardly, this town bears considerable semblance to places I’ve visited in Spain.  The Spanish influence is definitely stronger here than anywhere I’ve been on this continent, and I expect it will increase the further south we go.  But there’s something irritating about this town that I don’t like at all, no, sir, not at all.”
“What’s that?”
“People!  Too damn many people!”  At this last, Hawk spat in order to accentuate his meaning, and without awaiting further prompting by Hank, he continued with, “And where there’s people, there’s bound to be lawyers.  Especially when a war is brewing.”
“Lawyers?  I don’t see no lawyers, Hawk.”
“That’s just what I mean, Hank.  They’re like a cancer.  You can’t see them, but they’re all around nonetheless.”
Hank gazed about doubtfully.  He observed the street filled with folks, all of them scurrying about as if they had significant concerns to deal with, but he saw no one that he could accurately pinpoint to be a barrister.  “Where?” he queried in apparent bewilderment.
“Well, sir, take that gentleman directly across the street there, the one just standing there, leaning against that post, with his hands on his vest pockets, dressed up like he’s running for the Congress of the United States of America!  That there is a lawyer if there ever was one,” Hawk replied incisively.
Hank scrutinized the man carefully, searching for telltale signs of the affliction that Hawk seemed to be accusing him of, but he could discern nothing out of the ordinary.  “Can’t pick out nothing untoward, sir,” he rejoined, “Looks like a fine man, if’n you was to ask me!”
“Check out the demeanor,” Hawk suggested accusingly, “Clearly views himself as a superior being.  Sees everyone else rushing by, but considers himself a member of the upper crust.  He has no need to be rushing about, because he knows where his next dollar will be turned.”
Hank studied the man at length and, concern mounting that he might indeed be a scoundrel of some sort, eventually inquired, “And where would that be?”
“Why from these unsuspecting folks right here on this street, sir!”
“Oh,” said Hank with surprise.  “And how is he going to do that, Hawk?”
“What we have here is the approach of civilization, my friend.  Look about you.  There’s hustle and bustle.  The world is moving fast, and lots of folks are migrating into town.  That brings money, and unsuspecting folks with money are to lawyers as wounded animals are to buzzards.”
Hank was positively perplexed by this revelation, and just to emphasize the point, he volunteered absurdly, “Don’t like buzzards, but they do have their place, I suppose.”
“Up to a point, I would agree sir,” Hawk opined and, well aware that he had begun to win Hank over, added accordingly, “But what would happen if there was too many buzzards, Hank?”
Hank pondered a moment, then offered, “Well, I expect they’d eat everything, and then we’d all die.”
“Glory be!  My faith in humankind is once again confirmed.  Hank, my man, you are a genius!”
Doubting the sincerity of this last statement, Hank rejoined with, “Yeah, and my father is the Pope!”
Ignoring this last, Hawk continued with, “By and by, we will see about this fellow across the way, but you be wary of all lawyers, my friend.  They subsist off of society by making laws, if there isn’t enough money to be made, they make more laws.  And if that don’t work, they change the laws!”
“But the world needs laws to maintain order, don’t it, Hawk?”
“You sir, are a Christian, if I am not mistaken,” Hawk answered bluntly.
“’Course I am, but what’s that got to do with it?”
“Have you checked the ten commandments out lately?”
“Why, I know ‘em by heart, sir!”
“No surprise, sir, no surprise,” Hawk replied agreeably.  “I submit to you sir, that THERE are your laws.  Nary an additional law is needed if we can just abide by those ten laid down by God.”
“Oh,” was all Hank could think of to say.
“God made some laws, and they don’t change.  There’s even scientific laws, like the ones discovered by Sir Isaac Newton.  But even though Newton discovered them, they were designed by God, and they don’t need changing.  Lawyers keep changing laws.  I don’t trust anyone that keeps changing laws.  No sir, not a one of ‘em, not on your life!”
Hank was learning, he had to admit to himself.  He had no idea whether he agreed with Hawk, but he had to admit to himself  - over the past few days he had gotten more things to absorb than at any other time in his life.  He resolved to allocate some time to think over these issues.  He might even write some of them down so as not to forget.  Yes, sir, this was turning into more than a military obligation - it was turning into an academic education of whopping proportions.

Near San Antonio de Bexar-October

Francisco Ernesto de la Garza was growing tired from the day’s march.  He had much preferred the passage by ship from Tampico to Matagorda.  The march from there overland to Goliad had taken only three days, and the terrain had been relatively flat.  The two weeks they had rested at La Bahia had even seemed a bit like a vacation, despite the fact that the weather had turned considerably hotter inland.  
Now that they were on the move again, the march seemed much more difficult to Francisco.  First of all, the terrain was growing more uneven by the mile.  There were now numerous steep hills, and they seemed to have created plenty of streams which had to be crossed.  While there was only a little water in most of them this time of year, there was nevertheless the repeated up and down along the way that slowed the march.  Perhaps the only relief was supplied by the abundance of oak trees along the way that provided welcome shade from the late summer sun.  Francisco thought to himself that although this would not be a bad place to live all in all, it was not a convenient place to march through overland.
On the fourth day of the march they arrived at San Antonio de Bexar.  Although it was larger than his village, Francisco was unimpressed.  Even the mission - they called it the Alamo - was not very imposing.  Located at the far end of the town, it was too inconvenient for him to attend mass therein.  Little did he know that later on it would take on a far greater significance.  

The Alamo-October

Martin Perfecto de Cos stood atop the east wall of the Mission de Bexar.  Although his army had only been in Texas for three weeks, he had successfully moved his force of 500 soldiers north from Mexico to Goliad, and now he had arrived at San Antonio de Bexar, where his troops had quickly prepared the Mission de Bexar for battle.  Given such rapid troop deployment, he was indeed satisfied with his first month as Commander of the Army of Mexico in Tejas.  
As he gazed out over the barren countryside, he wondered to himself when the enemy forces would arrive.  Although colder weather was sure to arrive within a couple of months, he felt certain the enemy would not wait until spring.  They would surely come soon, before the winter rains made the roads impassable.  
Having served under General Arredondo in Texas when he was a boy, he knew the terrain well, but this was the farthest west he had been north of the Rio Grande.  Because the elevation was much higher around the capital of Mexico, it was not nearly as cool here as it was in Mexico City.  In fact, the weather was significantly more extreme here, both hotter in summer and colder in winter, and the land was unforgiving, like much of Northern Mexico.  
As he pondered, he questioned why men were willing to fight for such poor land.  Surely there were other better places to try to make a life.  Who knew how the minds of the Texians worked.  They clearly did not respect the government of Mexico.  It was true that El Presidente Santa Anna had abolished the Constitution of 1824, but this was to be expected of Santa Anna.  Unlike himself, his brother-in-law was part politician and part military man.  Such a combination was fraught with complexity.  
His innermost suspicions made him think that the underlying problem was the United States of America.  The English language, and the form of government set up by this new fledgling nation, both were barriers that perhaps would never be surmounted peacefully between Mexico and the United States.  
But Cos was a military man, and his sworn responsibility was to obey his government.  And now the Texians were on the rampage.  Of course, they were not a real army.  They were instead more of a rabble, poorly equipped, and without strong military leadership.  Given these facts, his army would surely dispose of them in short order.
Nonetheless, General Cos remained worried.  Reinforcements for his army would not come from south of the Rio Bravo before spring.  Consequently, despite the small numbers of Texians in Tejas, they could conceivably organize a semblance of an army that would outnumber his garrison at Bexar.  This was his chief concern – how to maintain the upper hand until spring, when Santa Anna would surely bring reinforcements to Tejas.

San Felipe-October

William B. Travis sneezed uncontrollably repeatedly.  “Damn this influenza,” he said to himself as he wiped the sputum away.  “I intended to be halfway to Goliad by now.”  Feeling completely helpless at such an important moment in time, he thought back over the events of the preceding month.  Because he had been successful in his bid to become a delegate at the consultation here in San Felipe, he had succeeded in convincing Stephen Austin to lead the revolutionary force.  The years of imprisonment in Mexico had obviously changed Austin’s view for the better.  News had reached them that the first shots had been fired at Gonzales, thereby obliging Austin to prepare for his immediate departure with the volunteer army.  By all rights Travis should have been with them, but this damn flu had intervened.  

Near San Felipe-Several Days Later

Stephen Austin was pleased that the council at San Felipe had elected him to command the Volunteer Army of Texas.  He was sure that he was the only person who could bring together an army sufficiently large to deal with the current state of affairs.  As the first shots had already been fired at Gonzales, he determined to commence his duties there.  Since word had it that more than a hundred volunteers were already gathered there, that is where he had determined to go.  Along the way he picked up as many additional volunteers as he could.  
Among them was William B. Travis, the young but competent soldier who had led the attackers at Anahuac.  Travis had apologized for his late arrival, but he had explained that he had been down with the flu in San Felipe when Austin had left there.  “I like this young man,” Austin had thought to himself, “While he is rough around the edges, his desire to be of use in this war is beyond debate.” 
After two days of hard riding, General Austin and his followers arrived in Gonzales.  The town was bustling, a clear indication to him that there was optimism in the air.  Word spread through town faster than he could walk down the street – “General Austin has arrived to take command of the Army of Texas!”  
Men came out on the street from everywhere just to catch a glimpse of their famous military leader.  Austin had for many years been the most famous Texian in all of Texas, but he was nevertheless flattered by all of the attention given him by these volunteers.  He began to think to himself that perhaps it was possible that they could indeed win this war.  Although he doubted they could gain independence, as many wished, perhaps they could at least convince the Mexican government to grant Texas full statehood in Mexico.  
Word came to Austin shortly thereafter that General Cos and his army of five hundred soldiers had vacated Goliad and marched to Bexar a few days earlier.  A Texian force under the leadership of George Collinsworth had intended to capture Cos and his army, but Cos had eluded them.  
Collinsworth had subsequently taken the thinly manned mission at Goliad on the night of October 9.  One of the two main fortresses protecting the settlements against any attack from the south was now in the hands of Texians.  The other was the Alamo in Bexar, and it was now clear to Austin that Cos planned to make it his base of operations.
General Austin gave a short speech that evening.  Although he was not a military man, he was a gifted and sincere speaker.  He showed this to his best advantage on this occasion, as he managed to convince the majority of the volunteers still in Gonzales to follow him to Bexar.  Within two days the Volunteer Army had swelled to more than three hundred men.  Buoyed by his rapidly swelling force, Austin set off immediately for Bexar in pursuit of General Cos’ army.

West of Gonzales-Late October

Hank, feet aching fiercely, had degenerated into a state of perpetual irritation with Hawk.  Hawk had to be at least fifteen years older than him, but that wily son of a no good tree stump could walk for sure.  Hawk had walked Hank into the ground.  By the second day out of Gonzales, Hank had to ask Hawk for a drink from his hip flask.  Hank wasn’t much of a drinking man, but there was medicinal value in a shot of whiskey.  Otherwise he wouldn’t have risked the inevitable response from Hawk.  
“Damndest thing I ever heard of, a Scotsman who’s sworn off drink,” Hawk replied cheerfully.  
“I do drink, just not so much as you, Hawk,” Hank responded, unscrewing the cap.  He took a short drag, grimaced as he swallowed, then continued with, “What in hell is that stuff, anyway?”
“Don’t even know.  Don’t care,” Hawk shot back.  “It serves the purpose at hand, I reckon.”
“What purpose is that?” Hank asked.
“Why, you tell me!  You’re the one that’s swillin’ it down, Hank MacElrae.”
“Dang it.  I just need to take the edge off.  My feet are killing me.”
“Pain killer.  Right.  I suppose that’s one use for whiskey, but not a very good one, if you ask me,” Hawk muttered, scratching his chin reflectively.
Observing that Hawk was somewhat doubtful of his intent, Hank followed up with, “Well, sir, now that you mention it, I don’t recall askin’ you.  But seein’ as how you raised the subject, what other purposes for whiskey are there in your arsenal of choices?”
“Depends,” Hawk answered succinctly.
“Here we go again,” Hank responded dejectedly, sensing another one of Hawk’s condescending speeches.
“Again, again with what?”
“Again with you leadin’ up to divulging somethin’ profound, and me needin’ to do the leadin’ up in order for you to do the divulgin’.  Can we skip the leadin’ up part and cut straight aways to the divulgin’?” Hank fairly spat out.
“I would be more than happy to do so if I could remember what the heck it was that we were discussing.  You’ve led me so far off the track that I’m damned if I can remember the gist of the conversation,” Hawk responded in obvious exasperation.
Hank reacted by unscrewing the flask and taking yet another nice long drink from it.  
“Oh, right,” Hawk suddenly replied, his face lighting up in remembrance, “Purposes for drinkin’!  That was the subject at hand.  Well, you’ve quite stolen my thunder, Hank.  Because that is one of the primary purposes right there - socializing!”
Hank just stared at Hawk, clearly unimpressed by his rejoinder, thereby encouraging Hawk to continue his now-unfolding soliloquy, “Well, and there’s another one that works on most folks, but apparently not you, Hank MacElrae.”
“What’s that?” Hank queried disinterestedly.
“Tongue-loosening.”
“What?” Hank blurted in stupefaction.  He felt his tongue swelling a bit, but not loosening.  His senses commencing to dull a bit, he simply continued staring blearily at his companion.
“See, it seems it doesn’t work on you,” Hawk rejoined, “Most folks would be talking up a storm after a couple of swigs of whiskey.  You, on the other hand, defy the laws of nature.  Instead, you’ve done turned into a clam.”
“A what?”
“I said - a clam!  You know, those sea creatures that you have to stomp on to get their mouths to open.”
“I ain’t no clam, dammit!”  Hank stammered, and his voice was just a bit slurred.  And to make matters worse, he wasn’t watching where he was going.
“How’re your feet?”
“Feet ‘re fine,” Hank replied, his voice now noticeably slurred.
“And there you are, sir.  Whiskey is one of the finest inventions of mankind, I’d say,” Hawk opined sagely.  
Hank suddenly laughed loudly, “Har har, haaaaa!”
“Right.  And that is most assuredly another use for whiskey – mood altering drug - most often for the better!”
Hank bent over, guffawed, spat out forcefully, “Mood!  Altering!  What in hell are you talking about, Hawk?  I ain’t changed my mood.  I miss Julie every minute of every day.  My mood is constant as the sky is blue.”
“It’s cloudy today,” Hawk observed patiently.
Well, if them clouds wasn’t there it’d be blue, wouldn’t it, and that’s just like my mood!  If you take away the surface, I’m still blue underneath.” Hank allowed aloud.
Hawk belched and, continuing to walk briskly, announced, “Well sir, THAT statement is profound.  That, sir, is truly profound.  And now I have discovered another use for whiskey.  It brings out the hidden talents in a man, don’t it though!”
“What talents?”  Hank replied, confused.
“Your talents, Hank.  Why you’re a romantic poet at heart.  Never would have known if it hadn’t been for my little friend here, and so saying, he gestured towards his hip flask.
“Gimme that!”  Hank reached forward and yanked the flask away from Hawk, swigging down yet another drag before Hawk could intervene.  
“Well, now,” Hawk said as he took a drink himself.  “Now we are all on the same trail.  I’m thinking this stroll down to San Antonio is going to cheer up from here on.  You see, there’s something I’ve been holding back.”
“What’s that?”
“I got us another whole bottle of this hooch in my saddlebags!”

San Antonio de Bexar-Late October

Francisco was the only soldier in the work detail that was not unhappy with his orders.  Miguel had said that he wanted to practice firing his musket.  Others just grumbled about doing any work at all, but Francisco had not liked the laxness of the duties that most soldiers had been assigned in Bexar.  When Captain Mendez had singled out Francisco and six others to build a redoubt next to the old mission he had been proud to finally be assigned something important to do.  He felt that for the first time he was being treated like a true soldier.
The six soldiers, under the command of Sergeant Pena, marched out from their bivouac in the center of San Antonio at sunrise.  They headed east on Portero Street and crossed the river, which was only three feet deep.  The mission was a hundred yards beyond, just north of La Villita, on the eastern edge of Bexar.  
Sergeant Pena indicated the spot where they were to build the redoubt.  The mission had walls surrounding it on all sides, with the exception of directly adjacent to the mission itself.  Francisco was no fool.  He could tell from the layout that General Cos intended to use this as a fortress.  Since the only place where the mission was not protected by a wall was at this spot, a redoubt was the obvious solution.  
Sergeant Pena paced it off.  The open space was twenty paces wide.  Francisco and the others watched as he did so, wondering just exactly how they would go about building a wall here.  Would they build a stone wall like the others, or would they build something less challenging?
“Men,” Sergeant Pena began, “My orders are to build a defensive redoubt connecting from the front corner of the mission right there to the edge of the wall over there,” and he was pointing to where he had just paced off.  “I make it out to be about sixty feet.  My orders are to complete this task in three days’ time.  Now, what you may not know is that in my home town in Coahuila my family has several stone masons, which is why I was selected to do this job.  That is quite funny to me, because I can tell you right now that there is no way that we could build a stone wall here in such a short span of time.  So, my friends, we are going to build a wall made from timber!”  At this announcement, Sergeant Pena grimaced at the six soldiers for effect.  Several were paying little attention, but Francisco had heard every word.  He was by now searching about for trees.  
“Any questions?” Pena asked.
Francisco glanced around uncomfortably and, since no one seemed to be inclined to say anything, he murmured softly, “Well, yes sir.  I mean, yes, I do have a question, sergeant.”
“Yes?” Sergeant Pena asked impatiently.  “What is your question, private?”
“If we are going to build it from timber, we will need some trees.  Where exactly are the trees, sergeant?”  At this, the other soldiers glanced about, realizing belatedly that this was a very good question.  
Sergeant Pena responded, “Ah, that is indeed a very good question, private.  What is your name?”
“Private De la Garza,” Francisco responded with embarrassment.  He was worried that he had asked something impertinent.
“Well, Private De la Garza, seeing as how you have correctly discerned our dilemma, I am putting you in charge of a work party.  You are to take two other soldiers with you and scout around the local area.  Find out where there are trees this big around and at least ten feet tall that we can cut down to use for timber.  And don’t go too far, understood?”
“Yes, sir!”  Francisco responded, delighted to be singled out for leadership.  He had not only been given command, he was going to be allowed to go for a walk.  This was as close to freedom as a soldier ever came.  So off he went with two others looking for trees to cut down.  They could see plenty of mesquite trees, but very few appeared to be large enough to meet the requirements laid out by Sergeant Pena.  
Francisco supposed that a single stand of trees was optimum.  He figured that an opening of sixty feet meant they would need at least that many trees, and it stood to reason that it would be best that they be located in one general place.  Francisco reasoned that such trees would most likely be located near the river.  So off they went.  
As it turned out, they only had to go upriver a couple of hundred yards before they found a large stand of cottonwood trees.  Francisco thought that was fitting since the word Alamo meant cottonwood in Spanish.  By the time he got back to report to Sergeant Pena, the remaining soldiers had already begun digging a long ditch where the redoubt was to be located.  
Since he abhorred the thought of digging ditches, Francisco was suddenly very glad that he had spoken up, but his optimism was short lived.  Sergeant Pena ordered him to cut down the trees, along with the two other soldiers. So off they went again to cut down trees.  
It was back breaking work.  For two days they cut down trees.  By the end of the second day Francisco decided that he was growing old.  Every joint in his body was sore.  But on the third day, the logs they had cut were hoisted into the trench, and the redoubt was pretty much completed.  The Alamo was now a completely enclosed fortress.


Chapter 6

The Bexar Expedition

Bowie was a born leader, never needlessly spending a bullet or imperiling a life.
-Noah Smithwick

Near San Antonio-Late October, 1835

Hank MacElrae was nearly exhausted.  He had only been apart from Julie and Auggey a month, and in that time he had travelled nearly two hundred miles.  His horse was near to breaking down, and his clothes were torn and grimy.  He had dirt on every square inch of his gear, and he reeked of horse sweat, old boots, and, worst of all - horse manure.  He had never been a part of an army before, but he was by now well past the romantic images of his youth.  Although he kept reminding himself that it was all for a good cause, what he really needed was a bath - either that or a bona fide battle.  He wondered how much farther they had to go.  Worse still, he wonder how much farther he was even capable of going.  
Although it was well known among the volunteers that they were going to Bexar at San Antonio, after three full days of hard marching, the troops had yet to catch a glimpse of anything suggesting it was near to hand.  He was by now extremely hungry, but his thoughts were nevertheless consumed with wonder at what sort of Mexican Army General Cos would have awaiting them at Bexar.  
The Volunteer Army of Texas strung out down the road a half mile off in the distance.  Hank wondered to himself if they would sneak up on the Mexicans at night, or possibly attempt one of those “Napoleon’s charges”, like he’d been told the Mexicans were trained to do.  
He hated this time of year in Texas.  Summer would have ended by now back home in North Carolina, but here in Texas, October was just another summer month.  The mosquitos were out in force today, and the army attracted them like flies on stink.  Hank thought a body such as his could probably be whiffed from ten miles away.  Even a little breeze would have been welcome, but such was not the case on this day.  
“Column, halt,” came the command from up the line, accompanied by, “Half hour break.  Everyone spread out, get some rest, and eat some biscuits and hard tack.”  Hank could see the order was coming from Sergeant Peek.  Peek was from Kentucky.  It seemed like quite a few men were from Kentucky or Tennessee.  They were good men, good hunters, sure shooters, and so far as he could tell, they could be depended on in a fight.  Peek now came alongside Hank and spoke in an unofficial way to the men around him who were seeking shelter from the mid-day sun, “General Austin says we’ll be in San Antonio by nightfall.  So take it easy, we’re almost to the end of our march,” and at this, he rode off.
Hank and Hawk were now perched under a mesquite tree basking in what little shade they could.  Hawk now said, “Hauugh (spit), we sure have most of it done, haven’t we, Hank!”
Hank never did know why Hawk did that insufferable spittin’, but he didn’t bother asking, having become used to Hawk’s peculiarities after a day or two.  “Most of what, Hawk?” he inquired disinterestedly.
“We’re getting on down the road to San Antonio in short order, I expect,” Hawk shot back chirpily.  
“It’s anything but quick, if you ask me,” Hank replied suspiciously, wondering if there was some sort of hidden meaning in Hawk’s observation.  Hank towered above Hawk.  But Hank was lanky, and Hawk was built like a bear.  His forearms seemed to be the size of a ship’s mast.  Hank was still struggling to decide whether he thought Hawk was a moron or a genius.  He seemed to know lots of things about subjects that Hank had never heard of, but that incessant hawking still had him confused.  
Before Hank could decide on this latest dilemma, another man came up and asked, “Which one of you is Hawk, and which is Hank?  I can never remember; you’re always together.”  
Hank looked at him and, staring in rank surprise at Hawk, blurted out sunnily, “Haw, haw, haaw!”
“What‘re you laughing at, beanpole?” the man replied with a surly glance.
“Sorry,” Hank answered sheepishly.  “I thought you were joking.  I didn’t think anyone on this whole wide earth could mistake me for Hawk Banks!”
At this, the man seemed even more offended, replying, “What in blazes makes you say that?” 
“For godsakes, man, just look at him,” Hank volunteered, “He even looks like a hawk, don’t he?”
The man paused, scratched his chin with one hand and, contemplating Hawk, murmured at last, “Yeah, I kindda do see what you mean.”  
Hawk stared back at the man and, scratching his own chin in mocking mimicry, said only, “hauuggh (spit)!”
The man peered at Hawk as if he’d been insulted.  Then suddenly his eyes lit up, and he seemed to realize for the first time why he was called Hawk.  He stood watching the pair for another moment and, turning to move on down the line, added over his shoulder, “Oh, yeah, Captain says it’s time to git goin’,” recovering his train of thought.  “So mount up, boys.  Oh, and General Austin wants to see you, Hawk.”
“The enemy will be smelling our gun powder by tomorrow, I’ll wager,” Hawk offered up, somehow failing to hawk for a welcome change.  
“Hell, they can smell my backside for all I care,” Hank answered, “So long as they skee-daddle back down across the Rio Grande.”
“Haauggh (spit), har har,” crowed Hawk derisively.  
Hank could only smirk, baffled as to how anyone should respond to such utterings from a human being.  He pondered for a moment, then asked, “Hawk, you’re supposed to know about these things, having fought with President Andrew Jackson - whaddya think? Will we just charge right down on ‘em, or will we lay a siege on ‘em?”
“Haauggh (spit, spit), I never fought with Andy Jackson, but I’ve been thinkin’ on that very thing, Hank.  Here’s what it all comes down to – it’s a matter of military strategy.  On the one side we have all these marksmen Texians, finely tuned skilled killing machines.  On the other side, we have these conscripted soldiers, most of ‘em men who don’t give a rat’s behind about this here war.  We Texans number about three hundred men.  Word has it the opposition numbers maybe five or six hundred.  Given our superior firepower, we could take them in any sort of fight, I expect.  So I’m thinking if the walls are short, perhaps as short as climbing height, we’ll just waltz right in there, stick our gun barrels over the wall, and shoot ‘em all dead.  But if the walls are tall, then we’ll sit back and fire off a volley ever once in a while, and wait for ‘em to run out of supplies.”
Hank was unimpressed with both Hawk’s insight and his delivery.  But this nonetheless somehow seemed to make sense to him.  “What do we need to do to prepare for the battle - clean our weapons, I suppose - and what else?”  He had no idea that Hawk himself was also making it up as he went.
“Already cleaned mine,” Hawk observed, “I expect I’ll get myself a poke, soon as we’re there.”
As this line of reasoning perplexed Hank, after a few moments he inquired, “Don’t seem like gettin’ ready for battle to me; gettin’ a poke, I mean.”
“Haauggh (no spit!),  of course it does,” Hawk shot back.  “Man has to have everything in order when he’s facing the prospect of meetin’ his maker.  You ponder on that now, Hank.  You need to be preparing yourself.  Besides, I heard there are plenty of women down in San Antonio.”
Hank pondered further, not particularly interested in Hawk’s offensive details, then added, “’Spect Julie wouldn’t like it if’n I was to go whorin’, ‘specially when I’m supposed to be soldiering.”
“Heck, no! Now, I didn’t mean that YOU ought to go chasing down on some fine young thing.   Meant to say to get your affairs in order,” Hawk advised.
Hank continued this line of thinking, querying, “Affairs?  How so?”
“Well,” Hawk paused, reflecting, “Some married fellows write a good clean will leaving their land to their family so that nobody can steal it if they die.  Others just write a letter to their wife and give it to someone else in the event they get shot dead.  Stuff like that.”  He said this last emphatically, as if it were some sort of law.
“There it is again,” Hank thought silently to himself.  Ol’ Hawk sure was smart.  He’d been around and seen it all, Hank supposed.  He promised to himself that he’d write a good letter to Julie that very night and give it to Hawk for safe-keeping.

Near San Antonio-October

William Fannin was a proud man and, never having quite gotten over the embarrassment of his ejection from West Point, he had left South Carolina for that very reason.  Having cast his lot in Texas, he meant to make a better go of it this time around.  His first step had been to conveniently alter the facts.  In Texas he let it be known that he had attended West Point, but he had seen fit to be evasive when it came to further details.  Appropriating the title “Colonel” had clearly been a smart move on his part.
His first year in Texas had been really tough.  Although he’d been flat broke, he had managed to convince Joseph Mims to let his family live in a house on his plantation in Brazoria.  Shortly thereafter Mims had showed interest when Fannin had proposed that he smuggle slaves from Cuba into Texas.  Mims had financed the scheme, and although Fannin had succeeded in transporting a fair number of slaves, he had continued to carry significant debts.  
Still, it all seemed to be working out as he had hoped.  In August, the council had awarded him the title of confidential agent, giving him the right to bring together what volunteers he could in order to build a fighting force, ostensibly to defend against possible Indian aggression, but in reality for the purpose of preparing for war against Mexico.
In his new official capacity Fannin had attended the council meeting in early October in San Felipe.  He had characterized himself as an experienced military man, and General Austin had fallen right into his overstatement.  Now Fannin was a captain in the Army of Texas, having attained a rank that would have taken half a lifetime to achieve had he stayed on at West Point.  Accordingly, he was mighty pleased with himself.  Yes, indeed, he thought to himself somewhat smugly, Texas was the place for him to make his name and fortune.  At this rate, he expected that before long he would attain the rank of general.

The Outskirts of San Antonio-October

Stephen Austin pulled up his horse on the prairie overlooking the San Antonio River.  Off in the distance he could see the town of San Antonio de Bexar.  To look at the dilapidated rows of stone huts, anyone would have been surprised to hear that it was one of the largest cities in Texas.  Unfortunately, this part of Texas was not prone to natural beauty, but there was good clean water in the river.  West of San Antonio was a land of endless nothingness, filled with little but Indians and death, thereby rendering San Antonio de Bexar the last outpost of civilization in Texas.
The Alamo Mission could be seen plainly on the eastern edge of the town, and there, above the makeshift fort, the flag of Mexico fluttered in the late afternoon breeze.  “Captain Fannin,” Austin commanded, “Tell the men to break ranks and set up camp.  We’ll lay up here for the night.”
“Yes, sir,” replied Fannin.
“After you’re finished eating - you, Travis and the other officers meet me in my tent to discuss military tactics,” Austin ordered.
“Will do, sir,” and Fannin rode off to pass on the order.  
Austin watched as the procession of Texians slowly trudged into the camp and began the process of bedding down for the night.
Sergeant Peek rode up with another rider, a stocky man that Austin thought he recognized.  “You’re Banks, are you not, sir?”
“Yes, sir, General Austin, at your service,” Hawk replied, dismounting to salute.
“I hear you’ve been rangering up north.  Am I correct, sir?”
“Yes, sir, and before that I was in Kentucky.”
“Good to have you with us, Mr. Banks, and thank you for your service to Texas.  It has come to my attention that you are a fine marksman and a leader of men, sir.  Need I say, the Army of Texas is in desperate need of military leadership, Mr.Banks.  We have here all sorts of volunteers, and I am sure that they will acquit themselves well if and when we engage the enemy, but I am greatly concerned at the lack of military training within our volunteer army.  I am wondering if you might be favorably disposed to accept a commission as lieutenant in this army.  Might that suit you, sir?  Of course, I cannot pay you, as this is a volunteer army.”
His surprise evident at this offer, Hawk responded politely, “Sir, I have had no military training in my entire life.”
“I understand, Mr. Banks, but I am told that you have indeed fought in the War of 1812.  Is that correct, sir?”
“Yes, sir, it is.”
“Then I submit that you, sir, are more experienced than I am in the art of warfare.  And here you see before you the commander of this rag-tag mob of an army.  We are in desperate need of your leadership, sir!  Can I count on you?” Austin now implored.
Hawk was swayed.  “Why yes, sir.  I am here to serve in any way that will help the army to achieve its objectives.”
“Spoken like a born military man, Mr. Banks.  I hereby confer the rank of lieutenant upon you.  Please report to Captain Fannin on the morrow.  He will have specific orders for you.  You are dismissed, and God be with you, sir,” Austin responded.
“Yes, sir,” Hawk replied and, commencing to salute reflexively, he thought better of it, instead hiking himself into his saddle and cantering off to locate Hank.  He had been greatly impressed with Stephen Austin on this first meeting, thereby instilling a surge of relief within him that the army was indeed in good hands.
Once Fannin and the other officers had joined Austin inside his tent, Austin commenced with, “They tell me they’ve reinforced the walls around the old mission, and if my reports are correct, they outnumber us by at least two- or perhaps even three-to-one.  I’m thinking we should lay siege rather than attack.  Your thoughts, Captain Fannin?”
“Well, sir, the army is growing every day.  At the current rate we may outnumber them in two weeks’ time.  But for the moment, given the superior force we are dealing with, as well as their strong defensive position, I would have to agree with you, sir.”
“Thank you, sir.  As you are well aware, I have no military training,” General Austin proffered.  “Therefore, I trust that you will advise me in any way that you feel necessary regarding our military position.  Are you prepared to do so, gentlemen?”  
“Yes, of course, sir,” Fannin responded, speaking for the other officers.  Pleased that Austin had chosen to seek out his counsel, he intended to take advantage of this opportunity in short order.
“Right,” Austin paused for emphasis, subsequently adding, “Well, here then is my order of the day.  Get the men awake an hour before sunrise.  We’re going right in there and lay siege first light tomorrow.  Best not wait any longer.”
“Yes, sir,” the men replied in unison, withdrawing thereafter.
“Oh, Captain Fannin, a word,” Austin added.
“Yes, sir,” Fannin responded.
“I have commissioned Mr. Hawk Banks as a lieutenant in the army as of today.  I have ordered him to report to you for duty tomorrow morning.  I believe that you will find him to be very capable.  He is a Texas Ranger.”
“Yes, sir, I’ve already heard of him.  A good choice, sir,” and so saying, Fannin saluted and departed.

October 20, 1835

Julie MacElrae
Bastrop, Texas
Coahuila y Texas, Mexico

Dear Julie-
I got here to Gonzales.  We got ourselves into a little fight with the Mexicans there, but I didn’t even get off a shot.  General Austin came later and sent us to San Antonio to fight the Mexican Army.  We walked three days, and now we’re here.  I met a new friend named Hawk Banks.  He’s a smart man I reckon.  He said I should write and tell you if I’m gonna die.  So far I haven’t.  Truth is, it’s all just hot and tiresome.  
I’ll write you when I can.  Tell Auggey I said hi and keep the barn cleaned out good.  

I miss you-
Hank

San Antonio de Bexar

General Cos was at dinner when word came from his scouts that an army of Texians was approaching Bexar from the northeast.  As his was the only remaining Mexican garrison in Texas, he had been expecting this for some time.  He realized with satisfaction that now the word would spread rapidly through his army, and the troops would understand that what he had been warning them was true – they had a war on their hands.  
Cos had doubts about the abilities of his army.  He had no idea how many Texians were coming, but he was certain that his own troops were not the fighting sort.  For several years it had been the custom to populate the northern outposts of the army with convicted felons, conscripts and inferior troops.  While this made no sense to a military man such as himself, as a student of military history, he realized that it was common for armies to make such tactical mistakes – the weakest troops are almost always sent to the farthest outposts.  Even the Romans had made such mistakes at the height of their empire.
Now Cos was faced with the prospect of dealing with these hardened revolutionaries that outnumbered his poorly equipped and trained army by as much as two-to-one.  So be it.  He had two things on his side.  First, the Texians were not - indeed they could not be - an army in any sense of the word.  Second, Cos had the advantage of holding the mission at Bexar, which offered a formidable defensive position for the coming battle.  

San Antonio

James Bowie, awakening from a night of hard drinking, found himself with a thundering headache.  From much practice, he knew exactly how much and how fast to imbibe so as to bring on just such a painful recovery.  Apart from death it was his only escape.  Though it had been two years since the cholera epidemic had swept his entire family away within a two week span in Monclova, he could hardly face a day burdened with sobriety.  He had cared greatly for his lovely young wife Ursula, but in death his love for her had grown to nearly unbearable proportions.  The loss of access to the Veramendi family fortune had been an immediate shock due to his wife’s passing, but that was as nothing compared to the enduring emotional void created by the loss of his wife and children.  
Bowie tried hard to be a good man.  He wanted desperately to believe that Ursula was with God, watching over him, instilling in him the fortitude to pursue his better nature.  But deep down inside, to his eternal chagrin, his inborn persona repeatedly exerted itself upon him.  Bowie was at the very least rambunctious, at the worst impossible.  He simply could not contain his propensity to plot and scheme, to always search for a challenge just beyond his reach.  His failures were legendary, his successes few.  But despite this, he continued to wade headlong into adversity, always the optimist, ever certain that his next adventure would turn a fortune.
Over the course of the previous year Bowie had scouted lands far northwards in Texas, ostensibly to help contain potential Indian uprisings in his role as a Colonel in the Texas Rangers, but there had always been a hidden agenda.  Bowie’s only remaining passion was land.  Accordingly, he sought profit from the purchase and sale of acreage, and this had been his ultimate motive for exploring along the upper reaches of the Trinity River.  Unfortunately, nothing of value had come from the expedition, and so it had gone for him yet again.  
But now Bowie was back in San Antonio, where he had first met the Veramendi family in 1828.  Juan Martin de Veramendi had been a wonderful mentor and business partner, providing Bowie access to the highest levels of the Mexican society in San Antonio.  It had only been later, when Juan’s daughter Ursula had grown into womanhood that their relationship had blossomed.  Bowie, reminiscing wistfully, understood all too well - it was all gone now.  Once again, his pounding headache, painful though it was, provided his only escape from reality.

Army of Texas Camp near San Antonio

James Bowie, a tough, swarthy, but somehow nonetheless pleasant looking man, entered into Austin’s office, not bothering to present any sort of salute.  “You sent for me, General?” he queried brusquely.
“James!  Great to see you,” Austin responded and holding out his hand, implored, “Welcome, please come in and have a seat!”
Taking the general’s proffered hand, Bowie responded pleasantly, “Thank you, sir.”
“Please don’t call me sir,” responded Austin elegantly.  “We are friends.  For whatever reason, we have been thrown together at a turning point in time here in Texas.”  Austin paused for effect, and then continued, “So, it has been two years since last we met.  And in that time we have both been imprisoned in Mexico.”
“But I was only held for little more than a month,” Bowie interjected.
“And you managed to escape, James.  Bravo for you.  And I hear of other exploits of yours in my absence.  Bravo, sir!”
“Thank you, Stephen.  I am flattered,” Bowie responded, “But I am only doing what I can for Texas.”
“Just so, James, just so.”  Austin responded and, leaning back in his chair, placed his fingertips together from each hand.  Then bending forward supplicatingly, he added empathetically, “Permit me to offer my sincere condolences over the loss of your family, sir.”
“Thank you, General.”
“General!  Ha!  I feel like a clown in a circus, James.  But you sir, you are a born leader of men…”  Austin paused again, and then continued, “The council has seen fit to place me in charge of this rabble we call an army.  So be it, I intend to play my part.  But you, sir, you possess the charisma to lead men into battle.  They will follow you.  Sir, may I count upon you to be my second in command of this expedition?”
Since Bowie had expected something of the sort, he was well prepared for the question, exclaiming appreciatively, “I would be honored to serve in any way that I can, sir.”
“Excellent!  Excellent!” Austin replied cheerfully.  “I am most indebted to you.  The Volunteer Army of Texas is in desperate need of your skills.”
“What is your pleasure, General?”  Bowie inquired, now taking on a slightly more formal attitude.
“I would ask you to be commander in the field, sir.  As you are already a Colonel in the Texas Rangers, I would expect that rank to befit such a responsibility.  Shall we say, Colonel Bowie, field commander for The Volunteer Army of Texas?”
“I would consider it an honor, sir, a great honor indeed.”
“Wonderful.  I assume that you are familiar with Captain Fannin, sir.”
“I have not had the pleasure of meeting Captain Fannin, sir,” Bowie rejoined, “But I do know him by reputation.  He has served as a Colonel in the militia if I am not mistaken.”
“You are correct, Colonel,” Austin responded.  “I believe that he will serve you well in the field.  He has had military training at West Point.  Now to the point - we are challenged with somehow deploying a volunteer army that is little more than a mob into a daunting foray.  I need not tell you that General Cos commands twice our number of men or more, and that they are well trained and supplied.  Furthermore, they occupy Bexar, which you would know better than anyone else in this army, provides a great deal of protection for his men.  My charge to you, sir, is to provide the inventive genius required to overcome the odds we face.”
“Fair enough, sir, and I am honored that you have seen fit to offer me such a pivotal role in this engagement.  But let me say that we do indeed seem to have the makings of an army here at Bexar.  And we seem to be able to lick any force that they throw at us.”  Bowie paused and reflected for a moment, adding, “I must say I like our odds, sir.”
“Excellent.  I am quite intoxicated by your sense of optimism, James.  My suspicion was that you were the man for this challenge.  And so you are, sir!”
 “I will do my best, sir,” Bowie responded earnestly, well aware of the responsibility implicit in Austin’s supposition, adding hopefully, “And if we are fortunate, we will drive the enemy from Texas for good.”
“Listen, James, they are not going to give up Texas without a fight.  I’ve met Lopez de Santa Anna, and he is one brilliant military man,” Austin said, pulling out a map and spreading it on the table.  “Now we’re here, east of Bexar.  The Mexican Army is spread throughout the city, presumably at the Alamo mission as well.  I’m not telling you anything you do not already know, but what are your thoughts on how to proceed, James?”  
“Sir,” James now began and, cupping his chin in contemplation, offered, “I have been thinking on just that ever since General Cos arrived here ten days ago.  I believe we need to find a good defensive position close to the city.”
At this suggestion, Austin leaned outside his door and called to his aide, “Get me Captain Fannin, private.”
Fannin entered the room shortly thereafter, Austin and Bowie continuing to study the map for a few moments, Austin subsequently turned to accept Fannin’s salute.  
“Yes, sir,” Fannin said smartly.  “You wanted me?”
“Yes, Captain.  This is Colonel James Bowie, my new second in command.”  
Hearing this, Fannin immediately saluted Bowie, observing frankly, “Heard of you, Colonel Bowie.  A pleasure, sir.  Welcome to the Army of Texas!” and the two shook hands cordially.  
“Good,” General Austin said without waiting for comment, “Colonel Bowie and I are discussing the situation.  We three seem to be the leaders of this rag-tag army, if you could call it that.  We have about three hundred and fifty men, with a few trickling in every few days.  Winter is still a couple of months off.  The Mexican Army seems to be well concentrated in Bexar.  Do you have any thoughts on our military situation, Captain?”
“The men are itchin’ for a fight, sir,” Fannin volunteered, “With winter comin’ fair soon, they want to get the job done quick, and get on back to their families before travel gets difficult.”
“I understand, captain, but what is your military view of the situation?” Austin queried officiously.
“Honestly, General, the Mexican Army holds the upper hand,” Fannin observed, adding, “Cos has superior numbers, and a commanding defensive position.  In view of these facts, it would appear to me that we need to lay siege to the city immediately, thus insuring that no food or communication gets in or out of the city.”
“Colonel Bowie?” Austin queried, turning towards his new-found second in command.
“Sir, with all due respect to Captain Fannin, I believe that General Cos is soft, sir,” Bowie proffered, “If pushed, his men will disperse quicker than a fart on a windy day.  I say we search out a location where we can get close in to the city, and fortify that location as quickly as possible.  There are several missions close to Bexar, and any one of them could afford us great protection as a point of departure for an attack on the city.”
“How say you, Captain?” Austin queried. 
Although Fannin clearly did not care for the fact that Bowie had contradicted him, sensing rightly that this was not the occasion for disagreement, he responded, “I can see where Colonel Bowie’s plan might be fruitful, sir.  It would at least give us time to entrench, and it is flexible.”
“Excellent, then we are agreed, gentlemen.  I will entertain a more detailed plan of execution from the two of you tomorrow at mid-morning.  Dismissed.”
General Austin could see that General Cos’ army held a strategic advantage over the Texians at Bexar.  He therefore held his army at bay for several days, during which time he instructed Bowie and Fannin to seek out the best location for a general assault on Bexar.  For the time being, he would use his troops only to skirmish and keep the enemy on their heels.  

Army of Texas Camp near San Antonio-A Few Days Later

Hawk strode up to the makeshift tent and announced tersely, “Get your gear together, Hank.  We’re moving out.”
“Well, listen to mister high-and-mighty his self.  Got himself an officer’s title, and now he thinks he can boss anybody he wants to,” Hank blabbered insolently, remaining motionless in obvious dissent, doing nothing more than sipping on his morning coffee.
“Listen here, Hank,” Hawk commanded, “We’re done screwin’ around now.  There are seven hundred or more well-trained Mexican soldiers right down there in that town, and unless we start to work together, we’re going get our butts kicked all the way to Louisiana.  So GET YOUR GEAR TOGETHER!  NOW!!!”
At this sharp rebuttal, Hank jumped a foot in the air.  “Whew!” was all he could think of to say.  But then he added surreptitiously, “Yes, SIR!”  And so saying, he scurried off fretfully to do Hawk’s bidding.
“And one more thing, Hank,” Hawk called to his retreating back.
“What!” Hank squawked lamely back at him.
“If anybody asks you, you’re my orderly, hear?” Hawk commanded loudly.
“Orderly?  What the hell is an orderly?”  Hank responded, a doubtful look on his face.
“It means you’re attached to me,” Hawk instructed.
“Attached!  What the hell you talkin’ about, Mr. Hawk Officer?” Hank blubbered inanely, “I ain’t attached to you.  On the contrary, I’m about as unattached to you as anyone I ever did know in my entire life!”
Hawk snarled, apparently on the verge of saying something even more biting, but then, recalling that he was now an officer, he replied mildly, “It’s just a term, Hank.  If you say you’re my orderly, it gives you the right to stay close wherever I go.  That’s all it means.”
“Oh,” Hank responded and, calming at the realization of it, added mundanely, “Alright, I get it.  Where’re we off to, Lieutenant Banks?”
Ignoring the innuendo, Hawk replied serenely, “A mission - Mission Concepcion.  By all accounts, it affords a good defensive position.”
“Defensive position?  What do we need that for?  Didn’t you say we were goin’ to waltz in there and shoot over them short walls?” Hank volunteered derisively.
“Yes, sir, I did.  But as it turns out, the walls are tall, in fact, quite a bit too tall for that,” Hawk murmured, “So we’re reconnoitering, looking for their weaknesses, and while we’re doing that, we don’t want those soldiers down there haphazardly picking off our men, do we, Hank?”
“Aw, heck, I was just askin’, for God’s sake.  I’ll shut up now and leave the strategizing to you geniuses at the top,” and so saying, Hank turned on his heel yet again, intent on accomplishing his military assignment.
“You do that.  I don’t aim to be giving you a speech every time I ask you to do something.”
Ignoring this final cutting remark, Hank set off to get his gear together.

East of San Antonio

James Bowie pulled up his horse, taking in the scene before him.  The bluff he sat atop gave him a commanding view of the city off to the west.  In the distance he could see the Alamo.  The Veramendi house, where he had spent his happiest times with Ursula, was down there in the center of the city.  The city was not impressive, but he had to admit that it would be difficult for the Texians to take it.  General Cos had seen fit to set up a series of breastworks around the city that afforded them formidable protection.  
General Austin had ordered him to find a better spot for the assault, and now he could see what looked to be the closest place that offered a good defensive position for the Texians.  At that moment Captain Fannin crested the ridge, and he gazed off in the distance as well.  “What do you think, Colonel Bowie?” he queried formally.
Bowie was irked by Fannin’s formality.  He didn’t give a damn where Fannin had studied.  He only cared about results, but he decided to let it pass.  He peered off to the south and, pointing to a particular spot, queried, “See yonder?  See those short white buildings, and then just east of that there’s a mission.”
“Yes, I do, sir” replied Fannin solemnly.
“I’m thinking that’s as close as a group of three hundred men can approach to the city and be protected from gunfire by the opposing army.  It can’t be more than a couple of hundred yards from the defensive line the enemy has constructed around the city.  What do you think, Captain?”
“Yes, I see it.  Yes, I believe you are correct, sir.  Is that Mission Concepcion?”
“Why, yes, it is indeed.  I’m thinkin’ it might be best to get down there with as many men as we can and occupy it before the Mexican Army beats us to it.  What do you think, Captain?”
“On the surface it makes sense, but General Austin gave specific orders to report back before occupying a new site, Colonel Bowie.”
“I know, but that could destroy the element of surprise,” Bowie suggested, adding, “I’d hate to lose that advantage.  I don’t see another location that fits our needs.”
“I see your point, Colonel Bowie,” Fannin replied in agreement, “Let us proceed with our troops and gain a foothold before dark sets in.”

South of San Antonio-Later that Day

Hawk surveyed the terrain to the north in the late afternoon sun.  They had circled around to the south of the city and come up the old La Bahia road.  First they had passed the old Mission Espada.  Then later, they had arrived at the Mission Concepcion, perhaps two miles south of the city.  Just beyond the mission, the column had halted in the trees along the banks of the San Antonio River.  The area was wooded, providing plenty of natural protection for the Texians.  They had less than half the army with them, Hawk figuring there were about a hundred men.  
The river afforded a natural protection, thereby forcing the enemy to cross the river and then cross that open plain in order to attack.  “Damn,” he thought to himself as he surveyed their position, “Bowie is a genius.  We are safe as ‘coons in a cave.  There ain’t no way the Mexicans can get at us here.”  
Just at that moment, he heard shots ring out.  The troops ducked instinctively, but they were so well protected that not one soldier was struck.  The enemy was now clearly aware that the Army of Texas had flanked them in force.  Observing correctly that they could not successfully attack such a large force, the enemy forces wisely withdrew back into the city, no more than half a mile from the Texians’ position.  Hawk assumed that tomorrow there would be a fight, perhaps even a real one.

Army of Texas Camp near San Antonio-That Evening

General Austin sat drinking his evening coffee when his adjutant came trotting up to his tent.  “What news from Colonel Bowie?” he inquired, “Have they found a good site for the attack?”
“Yes, sir, they have,” the messenger responded.
“Well, then, where are they?”
“Colonel, they have occupied the old Mission Nuestra Señora de la Purisima Concepcion with the search party.”
“What?”  Austin scowled, rising so abruptly that he spilled his coffee on his tunic.  Jerking backwards to avoid the heat, he grabbed a rag to swill off the coffee that had burned his hand, then shouted in obvious irritation, “What in tarnation has got into Bowie!  That Louisiana squirrel has disobeyed my orders!”
“Sir, I know, sir, but they found a really good spot.  At least it looks that way to me!” the adjutant responded in fear.
“May I remind you corporal that this is an army, not a school children’s outing.  When I give an order, I expect it to be followed.”
“Yes sir,” was all the soldier could think of to say.  The commander was clearly out of control.  In point of fact, he was so out of sorts that he failed to sleep at all that night. 

South of San Antonio-The Same Evening

Hank was sick and tired of all this riding about in circles.  They had ridden clear around the city, taking darn near the whole day to do so, and all they had succeeded in doing was to draw the Mexican Army out in this direction rather than the other.  He wished he’d stayed behind with the other half of the army, with General Austin.  But he was now Hawk’s “orderly” and, for the first time, he realized the irony of the term.  “All it means is I’m Hawk’s property to order around,” he thought to himself, simultaneously noticing Hawk sauntering his way.
“We’re here for the night, Hank,” Hawk said as he strode up.  “There’ll be a battle tomorrow, maybe even sooner.  So no sense in building a fire or pitching a tent.  You’ll just attract enemy fire.  Just stay low and wait for the fun to start.  You can catch some sleep if you want.”
“Sleep?  We’re gonna have a fight here?  If I sleep I might miss it!” Hank jabbered idiotically.
“You will not miss a thing, I assure you,” Hawk said condescendingly, adding, “As soon as the first shots are fired, it’ll be pandemonium around here.  There won’t be one single person asleep, I guarantee it.”  Hawk then turned to attend to his responsibilities, shaking his head in disbelief at Hank’s rank amateurishness.
“Hawk?”  Hank called to his receding silhouette.
“What,” Hawk turned back to Hank impatiently.
“Why are we here exactly?”
“Patience, my man, patience.  You will see soon enough.  We got the enemy trussed up tighter than a goose in a noose.  You’ll see.”

South of San Antonio-The Following Morning

James Bowie, who had dined on mescal and sugar candy the previous evening, had somehow managed to sleep like a baby.  He awoke the following morning to observe an encroaching and impenetrable fog.  When the fog began to lift, he discovered that, despite the sentries he had set out the previous night, the opposition had managed to cross the river under cover of the fog, so that his army was now completely surrounded by the enemy.  
It was immediately clear that they would have to fight their way out if they were to see today’s sunset alive.  Bowie was not a man to run from a fight.  Accordingly, he repositioned his troops so as to take as much advantage as he could of the natural protection afforded by the bend in the river and the surrounding trees.  Fortunately, the opposing forces seemed to be taking their time preparing for the assault, thereby allowing Bowie valuable minutes to position his forces below the bank of the river.  They then settled to await the coming attack.
Once the shooting started, the superior defensive position held by the Texians was too much for the enemy troops.  Their cannon, poorly positioned at the head of the bend in the river, was completely ineffective.  Though General Cos’ forces fought valiantly, the Texians drove them back time and time again.

Along the San Antonio River-During the Battle

Hawk, observing the battle from his position, watched it unfold in exact agreement with his expectations.  The Mexican Army, attempting to fight in the style of Napoleon’s Army, were bound to learn that style of combat simply was not going to cut it here.  The Texians could sit there all day and pick off the attackers one by one, like turkeys in a pen.  Had there not been people wounded and dying out there on the plain, it would have been laughable.  As it was, the Texians would surely live to fight another day.
“Captain Fannin wants you,” Hank called out to Hawk during a lull in the fighting.
“Alright, I’ll be back in a minute,” he replied officiously.
When he returned, he called to several men who were nestled up against the river bank, “Men, follow me - Colonel Bowie’s orders.  We’ve been ordered to take that cannon!”
The group followed Hawk down the river bank towards where the enemy had positioned their cannon.  Since the Texians had been picking off members of the artillery crew one by one, there weren’t a whole lot of them left to defend it at the moment.  
Within a half hour, by inching forward slowly, the Texans crawled within fifty yards of the cannon.  On Colonel Bowie’s command, the Texian army unloosed a barrage at the artillery crew, in the process decimating the remaining soldiers, at which point Hawk led his men over the river bank.  They captured the cannon without losing a man, and the Mexican forces withdrew from the battlefield shortly thereafter.  Thus ended the Battle of Concepcion, the first major engagement of the Texas Revolution.
The Battle of Concepcion was a complete disaster for General Cos and his army.  The Texians had not only had the advantage of a virtually impenetrable defensive position, it was also clear that their long rifles were dramatically superior to the muskets of the Mexican Army.  Whereas the Mexicans had lost more than fifty soldiers, Bowie’s forces suffered only one killed and one wounded.  Word of the victory spread across Texas like wildfire, and as the month of November commenced, volunteers began pouring into Bexar, eager to be a part of the anticipated victory over the Army of Mexico.
For his part, Colonel James Bowie’s star ascended to new heights.  Already a legend on the western frontier for his many escapades, he was now a true hero of Texas, the commander of the first bona fide victory of the Texas Revolution.


Chapter 7

Volunteers and Politicians

A mob can do wonders in a sudden burst of patriotism or passion, but cannot be depended on as soldiers for a campaign.
-William B. Travis

Early November, 1835

General Austin awoke with a start.  He had been dreaming.  In his dream he was sliding down a hill on his sled, back in Missouri, when he was a boy, but when he hit a bump he was jolted awake.  The jolt was in reality Saul Billingham, poking his arm repeatedly.  “Colonel!  Colonel, wake up!” Sam called invasively.
“Stop poking me, damn it.  I’m awake,” Austin answered, clearly annoyed at being dragged from his fleeting dream.  “What is it that requires my attention at this hour, Mr. Billingham?”
“Sir, the men spotted a comet in the sky.  Some of them are sayin’ it’s an omen.  We figured you ought to know about it.”
“A comet?  I’ve never seen one.  Why yes, let me take a look.  Where is it, Saul?”  Austin said, beginning to warm to the thought of such a rare observation.
“Over there, sir,” and he pointed to a group of men peering up at the sky.  Sure enough, there it was, brightly lit, well above the ecliptic plane, and not far from Venus.  
“That’s Halley’s Comet, I believe,” General Austin said to the men as he sauntered up, in the process of tugging on his coat.  
“What does it mean, sir,” one of the men asked, appearing a bit frightened by such a rare occurrence.
“Oh, I wouldn’t worry too much, sir.  This event is ordained by God, most assuredly, but its timing was set in motion a long long time ago.  And as such, its appearance does not presage any events related to Texas, I can assure you.  Now men, get yourselves a good look and go back to bed.”  Austin said, and so saying, he turned on his heel.  However, he knew that the comet did indeed portend something important.  Since his health was no longer able to sustain him in so demanding a position, the time had come for him to step down as commander of The Volunteer Army of Texas

San Antonio de Bexar-Early November

Francisco de la Garza carefully cleaned his blisters and rewrapped his bindings as best he could.  Because he had only a few centavos, he had tried to make the bandages last longer than was prudent, and now he was concerned that they might become infected.  Each day he had shoveled more dirt, and carried more water, and dragged more trees, all of these activities contributing to the deterioration of his blisters.  
He thought to himself, “Perhaps I will be the first soldier in this army to die of blisters!”  the thought bringing a rare smile to his face.  Having trained himself to avoid smiling for fear that he would be seen and reprimanded, had someone been watching on this rare occasion, they would have immediately recognized his charm, his fundamental mirth, and his natural inner beauty.  Suddenly hardening his visage, he thought for a moment on how the saints above had seemingly forsaken him.  Immediately regretting his transgression, he absentmindedly grasped his medal and rubbed the image of San Francisco reverently.
Sergeant Gomez came wandering up to him and announced perfunctorily, “Hola, Francisco, some of the local women have come to the mission to provide us refreshments and perhaps more.  Come and join us.”  Francisco consented and, as the group walked along, the Alamo mission stood in the background.  It was in bad shape.  Francisco thought to himself that it was rather like him, perhaps forsaken by God.  But because he nevertheless felt a sense of duty to the Virgin Mary, he begged off from the group, saying, “I do not feel well.  I would like to pray within the walls of the chapel.”
“Oh, come on, Francisco!” said one of his fellow soldiers.  
“Leave him alone,” said another.  “He’s a virgin.  He’s not ready for a woman yet.”
Francisco paid no attention.  This sort of treatment was a daily experience for him.  As he entered the chapel he could see the stars above.  The roof had disappeared, for what reason he was uncertain.  Choosing to pray within the first chamber on the right, he noticed that it was a small room, probably used for baptisms.  There was a single candle glowing on a small alter.  He felt safe and comfortable in such a place.  Francisco had been taught well – one must not pray with vanity – for oneself.  He remained within for quite some time, contemplating the course of the war.  
General Cos was not to his liking.  He appeared to be vain and arrogant.  Perhaps these were qualities that were useful to a military commander, but Francisco was sure that they were not in any other circumstance.  He prayed for General Cos to receive guidance – not for victory – that would have been blasphemy.  
He also prayed for his family, especially for his sister Consuela.  He wondered how much she had changed in the months since he had been conscripted into the army.  He was lonely, but he knew that he shouldn’t pray for companionship.  
His mind now strayed, to carnal pleasures.  As much as he tried to keep these unholy thoughts from his mind, they possessed him at the most unwanted times.  Feeling that he had sinned for thinking such thoughts within the walls of God’s house, he felt instinctively for his medallion, was relieved to find it still hanging in its proper place.
At length, he crossed himself and departed the small chapel, wandering back into the main part of the mission.  He walked to the far end, halting where the main alter should have been.  He looked skyward at the multitude of stars, whereupon he was struck by the vision of a large shining mass in the sky.  
He was suddenly terrified.  He had sinned!  Surely, it was a sign from God!  He had thought impure thoughts within the house of God.  He stood transfixed, overpowered by the wonder of the beautiful bright star in the sky.  It shone, like a beacon, perhaps like that time before, when Jesus had been born.  Perhaps it was not a bad sign after all.  But just to be safe, he promised himself that he would push all impure thoughts from his mind.  He would practice each and every one of the ten commandments each and every day henceforth.  Having promised, he stumbled forthwith from the chapel into the foreboding night.

Texian Army Camp-The Following Day

Colonel Bowie arrived at a gallop.  General Austin was waiting for him, exclaiming crossly, “Colonel, I expressly told you to return here upon completion of your reconnoitering.  Why did you not follow my orders?”
Bowie, needing no further comment to see how the wind blew, responded defensively, “Sir, I do recall your order.  However, I was concerned that the enemy might take the mission before we had time to occupy the spot.  When you see the site of the Mission Concepcion, I expect that you will concur with me that time was of the essence.”
“Colonel, I expect my men to take all opportunities to get the upper hand on the enemy, but I also expect them to follow orders!” rejoined General Austin caustically.
At this, Bowie showed confusion. “Sir, how could I occupy the mission and not disobey your order?”
“Colonel, it has been two days since you set out upon your mission.  Surely in that span of time you could have sent a message back to me that you had found a suitable site!”
At this, Bowie appearing downcast, replied sheepishly, “Sir, I get your meaning, and I apologize.  It will not happen again.”
It was clear that this was not good enough for Austin, as he replied, continuing to yell, “Sir, it better not happen again, or I will have you court-martialed!  Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes, sir, you do, sir,” Bowie said submissively and, following the dismissive waive of Austin’s hand, he turned on his heels and stalked off.  He was not going to let this little episode destroy his elation, but he felt considerable concern for General Austin.  The man’s health was clearly failing, and now he had gone off over nothing at all, especially given that Bowie had won the battle in the field.  Bowie steeled himself for the possibility that he might have to take over the army at some point.  

Texian Army Camp-Later that Day

Captain Travis made a fine portrait as he rode into camp leading his company of horse soldiers.  He was honored that General Austin had given him such an important assignment.  The men under his command had done a fine job of harassing the enemy forces at the Battle of Concepcion, despite the fact that General Austin had not been pleased with their intervention.  But here Travis sided with Bowie - Austin had not been there, and accordingly, General Austin had treated him in much the same way that he had Colonel Bowie after the battle.
General Austin subsequently sent Travis and his men to capture General Cos’ horses, which were reportedly underway to Laredo.  But in the event, they found no horses south of San Antonio.  Now, on his return to camp in early November, Travis found that troop resignations had become widespread during his absence.  In the midst of all this rancor and confusion, not to mention Austin’s treatment of him after Concepcion, Travis determined that it was in his own best interest to resign his commission.  However, honor demanded that he remain with the army as a private, and as such he was sent out on the following day with Captain Briscoe, who was now assigned to lead the cavalry.
Two days later Captain Briscoe decided to return to Austin’s camp, but Travis wanted to continue southwards to the Atascosa River searching for the lost horses.  The men elected him on the spot to command, and off they went.  In an unusual turn of fortune, they found the lost horses, protected by a sparse force of Mexican soldiers, and with his usual brashness, Travis led a charge directly into their camp, capturing the entire entourage without firing a single shot.  
Travis was thus restored to good graces by General Austin on his return to camp.  Such was the state of chaos within The Volunteer Army of Texas throughout the month of November.

Mission Concepcion-Mid-November

Hawk leaned back and propped his feet up on a rock contemplating recent developments, or, in point of fact, the lack thereof.  General Austin had shown little interest in going head-to-head with General Cos’ army.  Ever since the so-called battle at Mission Concepcion, the Texians had done little more than lay siege to San Antonio.  Some siege – the Texians didn’t have enough men to surround the city, surreptitiously allowing enemy soldiers to come and go as they pleased.  Even worse, Hawk observed that each day the defenders constructed more and more breastworks surrounding San Antonio.  
Meanwhile, word had it that the politicians had begun anew in San Felipe, this time with the intent to set up a “state government”.  All that meant to Hawk was that they were too yellow to declare independence from Mexico.  The only good news seemed to be that the weather had begun to oblige.  The infernal heat that had infested Texas the previous summer was now slowly filtering away into a glorious autumn with cool nights and pleasant days.  
Hawk thought to himself that this could go on indefinitely – the leadership of both the government and the army seemingly incompetent.  Unfortunately, his general dissatisfaction seemed to be shared by many within the volunteer army.  Men had begun disappearing.  As quickly as a new crop arrived, ready to join up, just as many or more left, tired of the inaction by General Austin.  
To make matters worse, word had it that Austin’s entire staff were at odds not only with him, but also with one another.  Whatever they voted on, no proposed plan of attack received a majority vote.  Hawk kept hoping that someone would get the gumption to take control and discontinue the voting, but no one seemed to be up to the challenge.
In the midst of Hawk’s reverie, Hank came sauntering up to share the campfire as usual, seemingly unconcerned with the finer complexities of the war.  Hawk was pleased at his friend’s arrival, as he knew he could count on some interesting conversation with Hank.  He had thought Hank to be simple at first, but it had gradually dawned on him that Hank had a way of asking every question that came into his mind rather than filtering out the asinine ones.  In fact, most of Hank’s questions were good ones, but those few nonsensical ones had misled Hawk at first.  He had to admit to himself that Hank was actually smart, much smarter than his horse Achilles would ever be, and as such, he was becoming a real friend.
“This is no way to run an army,” Hank mumbled to himself, taking a seat before the fire.
“What did you say?” Hawk replied, hoping to thereby get the conversation rolling.  

Hank suddenly seemed to notice Hawk for the first time, as if he’d actually been all alone.  Hawk was sitting on a large rock, picking uncongruously at his finger nails with a knife the size of a coyote.  Having not quite taken in the bizarre scene before him, Hank concentrated on Hawk’s inquiry, responding matter-of-factly, “I said, this is no way to run an army!”
“Maybe we ought to vote on it,” Hawk replied derisively, adding humorously, “I’m just kiddin’, I couldn’t agree more.  Fact is, I’m tired of the whole damn thing.”
“I want to go home, Hawk,” Hank replied succinctly.
“I know you do, Hank.  It’s easier for me - I don’t have roots here, like you.  But those roots are the very reason that you ought to stay on for a while yet.  This war isn’t over yet, no, sir, not by a long shot.  We still have to run General Cos back across the Rio Grande.”
“Don’t you think I know that?” Hank rumbled, “But heck,, there ain’t nobody with the backbone to lead this army!  Austin ain’t right for it, I’ll tell you that.  And until we get somebody to lead us, I’m gonna sit here day after day pissin’ and moanin’, and you’re gonna busy yourself with drinkin’, whorin’, and pickin’ at your fingernails.”
“Whorin’?  Whorin’!” Hawk exploded.  “You show me a whore out here on the prairie, and I’ll be most obliged.  Seems like they’re all in Bexar keeping the enemy properly supplied.”
“Well, you know what I mean,” Hank replied disdainfully, “You would be whorin’ if you could!”
Hawk, grinning to himself at this inanity, thought to himself that Hank was somehow correct, but he decided to move on, replying, “Listen, let’s just give our leaders a bit more time.  The weather is exceptionally fine at the moment, but the first good blast of cold weather is more than likely going to drive the whole army into action.”
“Why is that, Hawk?”
“I’ve seen it before, Hank.  When men get cold, they can’t sit still.  They find it necessary to start moving around to take their minds off the cold.  Nothing warms a man’s blood like the surge of battle.”  Hawk paused, bit on a piece of chewing tobacco and, spitting lanquidly, theorized, “You mark my words, my man, this siege will be over by Christmas.”
“Christmas?  That’s still more’n six weeks off, Hawk!”
“Well, it’ll be a lot sooner if the weather cooperates,” Hank volunteered and, blurting out as if to himself, queried, “Wonder what’s for dinner.  Let me see here, could it be beans and rice?  Or maybe it’s rice and beans!” and at this he guffawed at his own pitiful attempt at humor.
“What’s it to ya, Hawk,” Hank responded impatiently, “You’re gettin’ fed with little or no work at all, I reckon.”
“Not true, not true at all, sir,” responded Hawk in mock sincerity, “Comes at a fair price.  I spend the better part of two hours every day culling over your asinine blubberings about this, that, and God knows what all, slivering out the steak from the bull crap, and then using my finely tuned talents to fashion an intelligent and entertaining explanation to your liking.”
Hank stared at Hawk, wondering where he had learned to pontificate in such a mind-numbingly worthless way.  But in the end, he could conjure up nothing whatsoever that was nearly as pointless, so he said nothing at all.  
Hawk in turn felt that Hank’s lack of a response affirmed his own superiority, thus giving him the unobstructed right to continue his vapid soliloquy, “And what have you to say for yourself, Corporal MacElrae?  How’s your day been progressing?”
“Ain’t no corporal, and you know it, Lieutenant Banks.”
“Well, pardon me!” shot back Hawk.  “I fear it must not have been a good day for you.  And in the name of Beelzebub, I can’t for the life of me say why.  Here we are, camped out on the very edge of the entire universe.  Great overwhelming sheets of stars at night to look admire, stars like I’ve never seen before.  An entire enemy army that seems disinclined to even fire off a shot, much less fight a war.  Not a soul odering do this or don’t do that.  Helluva predicament, if I do say so myself.”
Hank, scowling menacingly at Hawk, maintained his silence.
“Now you listen here, Hank MacElrae,” Hawk continued unabashed, “I’ve been in charge of your entertainment for long enough.  You simply must  stop all your moping over your woman Julie.  One must take life as it comes, because I’m here to tell you, this is the only one you got, sir.  You will not wake up in the middle of the night and be in her arms.  Tomorrow morning, we’ll still be right here on this same plain, staring at that same ornery Alamo, with those same enemy soldiers still lollygagging around right over there having a high old time, just like today, and just like yesterday.  Sooner or later something’s going to happen, but till then, your life goes on in perfect repetition, Mr. Hank the Scotsman MacElrae.”
Hank glanced at him and, arising from his perch, observed disconsolately, “Yeah, I know, you’re right, Hawk.  But just because I know it don’t make it come easy for me.  I got to worry.  It’s in my blood.  It ain’t just missin’ Julie - It’s worryin’ for her, and for Auggey, too.  Are the cows milked?  Is the barn still standin’?  It’s a million and one little things.  I can’t stop worryin’, even though I so desperately want to.”
Genuinely touched by this pitiful speech, Hawk offered empathetically, “What you need is a good stiff drink, my man,” followed eloquently by, “Hauugggh (spit)!  After we’ve had dinner, I’m gonna take you over to one of those Tejano spots in Bexar and feed you a healthy dose of medicinal tonics designed for the express purpose of forgetting reality.”
“How you gonna do that, Hawk?  How you gonna get through the Mexican lines?  I’d sure as heck like to know.”
“Don’t know.  I’ll think of something, though,” was all Hawk could conjure up.
“Oh, that reminds me, Colonel Bowie wants to see you,” Hank replied absentmindedly.
“Damn, why the heck didn’t you tell me?”
“Just did,” and by now Hank was stretched out, now clearly disengaged from any further constructive conversation.  Suddenly, Hank sat up straight and said, “What the heck is that in the sky there?”  He was pointing off to the southwest.  “I ain’t never seen nothin’ like that in my entire life.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think it was the second comin’ of Christ.”
“I expect that’s Halley’s Comet,” Hawk volunteered.  “Folks back east know all about it.  It’s arrived right on schedule.  Comes by Earth on its way around the Sun once every seventy-five years or so.”
“Where’s it going to?” Hank replied, baffled by the surreal sight in the night sky.
“It’s just going round and round the Sun in a big ellipse, just like the Earth.  But unlike the Earth, it’s traveling quite fast, and its orbit is way off center, so it gets close in to the Sun, and then goes a long ways off before comin’ back by us after seventy-five years.”
“Where do you get this stuff from, Hawk?”
“I told you, I went to Harvard.  There was this scientist, Isaac Newton.  He explained the orbits of the planets.  Using his laws, a fellow named Edmund Halley determined that this comet we’re gazing at has been returning every seventy-five years for as long as anybody can remember.  So you see, it’s nothing more than physics.  Don’t put any mystical significance to it at all, Hank.” 
“Physics, shmysics!  I wonder if Julie and Auggey can see it,” Hank mumbled absent-mindedly.
Hawk took that incalculable inanity as his cue to go see what sort of trouble he was in with Colonel Bowie.

Bastrop-That Night

Julie and Auggey saw it, too.  Folks in an around Bastrop were all talkin’ about the comet.  Some were sayin’ it was a sign of the second coming.  Others were sure that it portended victory for the Texas Army.  Although Julie considered herself to be a God-fearing devout Christian, she was having a difficult time getting interested in stars in the sky.  She had problems enough to deal with right here closer to home.  She was pregnant, she was now sure of it.  She wished her little escapade with Hank before he had left had not occurred.  Oh, she loved him well enough, but having a baby right now was inconvenient, to say the least.  
It seemed to her that the whole of Texas was in an uproar.  You’d have thought that sanity had taken a holiday and headed north, because otherwise intelligent people were going and doing strange things.  Why, just the other day Sheriff Green had apprehended two boys not much older than Auggey attempting to steal a musket from the general store.  When captured, the boys had said that it was not theft – they were just appropriating weapons so that they could join the Army of Texas!  What in the name of heaven was the country coming to, she asked herself.  
She stood on the porch, gazing southwards, idiotically hoping to see Hank coming up the path from the river.  Surely he’d come soon.  Everybody knew about the fight at Mission Concepcion.  The fighting should be over by now, she told herself.  Why, old Sam Horn had come home, and rumors were that others would be followin’ soon.  Hank should know that he was needed more at home than any place else, including a revolution.
Julie didn’t normally worry too much about Indians, but with Hank off soldiering, and rumors lately of a few attacks on settlers, she had become concerned.  And now she was going to have one more mouth to feed, one more thing to be concerned about.  If Hank didn’t get home soon, she feared she was going to have to go after him and bring him back herself.   

Mission Concepcion-That Night

Colonel Bowie was ensconced in one of the small rooms within the mission walls.  As he entered, Hawk noticed he had a Tejano with him.
“Banks reporting, sir,” Hawk blurted out.  “I am told you wanted to see me.”
“That’s right, Hawk.  This here is Juan Seguin.  Juan, this is Lieutenant Banks.”
“Yes, I know you,” Seguin said to Hawk in Spanish, “You captured the cannon at Concepcion.”
“And I know you, señor,” Hawk responded in Castillion Spanish, “If I am not mistaken, you are from these parts.”
“You are correct, Señor Halcón,” Seguin put in, adding surreptitiously, “May I call you Señor Halcón?”
Hawk grinned, somehow flattered at the use of the Spanish word for hawk.  “Señor Seguin, I would be honored to be addressed in such a way by one so highly regarded as you.”
Seeing that things were starting off rather well between the two, Bowie now took this opportunity to interject his own remarks, “Ah, it’s just as I thought it would be.  The two of you will make a perfect pair for this assignment,” and all three were by this point smiling in joint complicity.
Hawk took the next step, inquiring, “And what assignment would that be, sir?”
“Well, sir, General Austin wants us to find out what the Mexicans are doin’ down there in Bexar.  We can see they’re buildin’ breastworks around the city, but we have no idea what their military strategy is.  So General Austin has asked me to look into the matter, as I am an erstwhile inhabitant of San Antonio.”  Bowie looked piercingly at Hawk, attempting to discern whether Hawk was perceptive enough to ascertain his meaning from so little information.  He was rewarded immediately.
“Ah, I see,” Hawk replied, rubbing his chin thoughtfully.  “You want Seguin and me to infiltrate the enemy lines and reconnoiter down in Bexar.  Am I right, sir?”
“You have guessed my meaning, sir, and well done, if I may say so.  Juan here speaks English poorly, and it may be needed within the city.  Thus, he needs someone who speaks both English and Spanish to accompany him.  While I myself would be more than willing to take on that responsibility, I am much too well known in the city for such a clandestine undertaking.  The enemy would be onto me faster than flies on horse dung, no similarity intended of course,” and here Bowie paused and laughed at his own poor attempt at self-debasement.  “However, you, Mr. Banks, make a near perfect companion to our head spy Juan, here.  He knows the city, and you know English.  The only way we could improve would be if you were in fact a bona fide Tejano, sir.”
“I believe I can help with that,” Juan interjected.  “I will supply Hawk with a serape, a sombrero, and some Mexican style moccasins.  That should do it.”
“I’ll make myself up a horse hair Mexican style mustache, and we’ll be two peasants out for a stroll, Colonel,” Hawk volunteered.
“Excellent, I think that I need not tell you what it is that we are in need of ascertaining, gentlemen?”  Bowie queried.  Both men shook their heads in awareness.  “All right then, one other thing – DON’T GET CAUGHT!” and Bowie was smiling as he said this last, causing both men to chuckle good-naturedly.  An hour later they were on their way into Bexar.
Hawk would never have considered entering the city on his own, but he found it surprisingly easy to do so with Juan Seguin as his companion.  Once through the enemy lines, he asked Juan, “Where are we headed to, Juan?”
“I have many Tejano friends in the city, Señor Halcón.  We will make some inquiries.  We will be very discrete.  We need to find just the right persons to supply us with information.  And Señor Halcón, please be careful not to speak to any soldiers.  You do not speak Tejano Spanish.  You speak Castillion Spanish.  Any soldier would immediately realize that you are not a local peasant.”
“Right. Got it,” Hawk replied, delighted at this turn of events.  Here was not only something to do to take away from the boredom that had set in, but he now had access to the city.  If he was lucky, he might have some real fun with it.

San Antonio de Bexar-That Night

Francisco studied the woman, armed with calypsos, dancing langorously before the crowd.  As the guitarist played a soft melody, the woman began to sing the accompanying melody.  As she did so, she swung her hips sensuously to and fro.  She was easily the most beautiful woman he had ever seen in his entire life.  He figured she was perhaps twice his age, but he didn’t care.  Summoning his courage, he asked his friend Hernando, “Who is she?”
“She is nobody, just a local mujer,” replied Hernando.
“She’s not nobody to me.  To me she is like a goddess,” Francisco murmured absently to himself.  He seemed to be possessed by her beauty.
Having overheard Francisco, Hernando responded animatedly, “You’re telling me!  All the men are talking about her.  They’re saying they’ve never seen a mujer so beautiful.  Half the army wants to marry her, me included!”
Francisco chuckled, subsequently putting forward in his own thought on the matter, “Right now I’d settle for less.  I’d settle for one night with her.”
“Ha!” Hernando replied.  “You may as well forget that.  She gives herself to no one.  At least that is the rumor we all hear.  So just content yourself with watching, and let yourself imagine, imagine beyond your wildest dreams…”

Juan Seguin stepped quietly into the cantina.  Hawk waited outside, wisely ordered by Seguin to do so.  In a few moments Seguin reappeared on the street and motioned Hawk to follow.  “It is a good thing you did not enter with me.  There were soldiers in the cantina.  They were attending a performance by the woman that we have been searching for.  Her name is Antonia.  Apparently, she has caused quite a stir among the soldiers here in Bexar.  I have left a message for her.  She will meet us later at the house of the Veramendi.”
Hawk and Juan spent the next hour carefully making their way to the Alamo, where they managed to get a good impression of the fortifications the Mexican Army had been constructing along the south and west walls of the mission.  
Afterwards, they made their way to the house of the Veramendi.  “This is the house of the family that Colonel Bowie was married into,” Seguin said as they approached it.  “We cannot go in.  Since it is one of the more affluent houses in the city, the army has occupied it.  But I was sure that Antonia would know where we could go from here.  Ah, there she is, in the doorway of that house there.  Come, Señor Halcón, follow me.”  
Hawk followed Juan, the pair approaching the woman.  As they did so, she turned and strolled to their left without saying a word and quickly turned again along a side street.  Further on, she turned yet again and entered a doorway.  She leaned back out and motioned to the two to follow her, at the same time holding her index finger to her lips, thereby commanding their silence.  Once inside the door, she led them under an arched portal and into a small courtyard.  They passed through this and then another door, eventually arriving within a room that was no more than ten feet on a side.  She quickly lit a candle and turned to face them with her hands planted on the table at her back.
Hawk was immediately shocked, so much so that he let out an audible gasp.  She was without a shadow of a doubt the most beautiful woman he had ever laid eyes on in his entire life.  She either did not hear, or chose to ignore him, because she looked Juan Seguin in the eye and said bluntly, “What do you want, Señor Seguin?”
Hawk felt daunted by her directness, especially coming from one so attractive, but Seguin was unfazed.  He obviously knew this woman, for he was equally stern with her.  “Hola, Señora Perez.  We meet again.  It has been what, two years since last we met?”
“Cut the small talk, Señor Seguin.  What are you here for?” she persisted.
Seguin turned to Hawk and whispered, in Spanish, “She will soften, Señor Halcón, you will see.  But do not attempt to fool her by speaking in English, for she speaks it quite well.”
Irritated by Seguin speaking as if she were not in the room, she now inquired vehemently, “And who is this Señor Halcón?  Is he one of your fellow rebels?”
Seguin, turning back to the woman, announced politely, “Permit me to introduce Señor Hawk Banks, lieutenant in the Volunteer Army of Texas.”
“Ah,” was all she said, but she nonetheless slowly scanned Hawk from head to foot.  “Very nice, a halcón, indeed, Señor Seguin.  These are tough times, and it seems that you have brought as our savior a bird of prey.  I am suddenly all eyes and ears, Señor,” and this last she said with palpable disdain.
“Hawk, this is Señora Antonia Perez.  Until two years ago, the wife of Señor Pablo Corton de Valencia, a trusted business associate of the Veramendi family.  Unfortunately, he also died in the cholera epidemic.  It seems that Antonia has fallen on hard times, so much so that she is now using the name Perez, which I believe is her maiden name.”
Antonia’s eyes flashed, and she responded proudly, “I must make do, Señor.  These are very complicated times in Bexar.  I do what I must in order to survive.”
“Ah, yes, just so,” responded Seguin.  “And that is precisely why we have come to see you, Antonia.  We have a very delicate matter that we wish to discuss with you.  We come by official order of Colonel James Bowie, whose now deceased wife was a close friend of yours.”
Although Antonia did not respond, it was obvious that she understood where this was leading.  Seguin continued, “We are in need of some information, Señora.”
“Ha!” she replied disdainfully.  “What a poor excuse for a lie, Señor Seguin!”
“I do not lie, Señora.” Seguin responded politely.
“You want me to spy for you!  Why don’t you just come out and say it?”
“Call it what you will, Señora.  That is of no consequence to me.  We want the same thing that you do, Señora, of that I am certain.”
“And what is that, may I ask?”
“We want the Army of Mexico out of Bexar!” Seguin replied.
“Mexicans, Texians, who cares.  They’re all a bunch of thieves to me.  They all want to steal Texas for themselves if you ask me.  Give me a Tejano any day!” and it was apparent that she was not calming down.
Hawk decided to try another approach, inquiring, “Señora, if you don’t mind me asking, what would make you happy?”
This seemed to strike a chord with her.  She turned to a small cabinet and drew out a bottle of mescal and three glasses.  She poured a shot into each and slid into a chair.  “Please, sit, hombres.  We have much to discuss.”
Hawk downed his drink before Seguin had even taken his seat.  Grabbing the bottle, he served himself up a second drink.  
Observing his fervor, Antonia clutched his arm and said, “Slowly, Señor Halcón, like a hawk circling his prey.  We shall get to the kill in due course.”
Hawk’s arm burned where the woman had touched him.  Her pitch black eyes pierced him to his core.  He wanted to down his drink, but he was stopped in his tracks by her cold demeanor.  It was all he could do to breathe evenly.  
Seguin looked on the developing scene placidly, unperturbed by Antonia’s effect on Hawk.  He had seen this same scenario played out many times before with Antonia.  It was, of course, the main reason he had sought her out – he knew her power over men.  
Hawk, regaining his composure, now caught her eye, saying, “I know what you’re doing to me, Señora.  Stop fixing me with that look.  I admit freely that I am no more immune to your feminine wiles than any other man, but be that as it may, we are here on a matter of some urgency, and we are in desperate need of your help,” and since he could discern that this last remark had made some small impact, he went for his hole card, murmuring pointedly, “And we are willing to pay you for information.”
She hit him so fast, he didn’t even know it was coming, screaming, “So you want me to be your whore!”
Hawk fell backwards and, nearly falling to the floor, quickly rose up, exclaiming with apparent offense, “No!  We are not here for that!”
“You want information.  How do you expect me to get it?  I ask you, answer me!” and she was speaking much too loudly by now.  “That’s right – you want me to get in bed with the entire Army of Mexico!  Does that not make me a whore?”
Hawk was speechless, but Seguin was nonplussed, amused by the electric atmosphere in the room.  He felt like he was in a den with two tigers, each vying for the upper hand.  It was truly impressive to witness.  He could only wait, anticipating the outcome with solitude.
“Señor Halcón,” she now continued and, with newfound warmth, she reached across the table and touched his hand with hers, “Had I been offended by your remark, you would not now be sitting in your chair.  But family pride demanded that I respond appropriately.  Still, I pulled my punch, as you say, because it is true.  I accept your offer - I will be your whore.”
Hawk remained absolutely frozen in his place, the sensation of her hand coursing through his every fiber.  Finally, he managed to gain enough of his senses to utter, “Haauugggh (spit),” as if right on cue.
Seguin laughed and, the tension cut, the air seemed to return to the room.  All parties relaxed.  For the first time, Antonia smiled, and Hawk returned her smile, somehow even more taken with her enigmatic appeal.
“And now, Señora, as to terms,” Seguin announced, returning at length to the subject at hand.
“The terms are as follows,” she intervened, giving neither man a chance to make the first offer.  “And these are not negotiable.  You will supply me with ten dollars tonight.  I will expect ten dollars a week for as long as I continue in your employ, and I will expect a bonus whenever I give you information.  The magnitude of the bonus will be proportional to the importance of the information.  Are we agreed?”
“Yes,” Seguin replied and, the negotiations apparently concluded, he stood, as if to go.
“That is not all, Señor Seguin,” she uttered bluntly, adding, “Sit back down!”.
“Si, Señora, what else?” Seguin inquired, retaking his seat..
“I have a child.  You must remember her, Señor Seguin?”
“Ah, yes, I do remember her.  Yes, such a beautiful little señorita.  She must be what – six years old now?”
“You are correct, Señor.  Her name is Teresa.  She is at this moment sleeping in the next room.  Here is my last term, and it is also not negotiable, Señor.  You will personally guarantee to me that Teresa will survive this war, and that she will grow up in Tejas!”
“Señora, you ask too much,” Seguin responded, bewildered by this last disclosure.
“I promise!” Hawk interrupted instantly, staring piercingly at Antonia.  He had no idea why he said it - he knew only that he had no choice.  For the life of him, he couldn’t tell whether he had just gotten the upper hand, or whether in fact she had.  In either case, it seemed of little consequence.  
Seguin stared in wonder at the two of them, their eyes locked on one another, each absolutely motionless.  There was Antonia - proud and defiant, arrogantly showing her pleasure at having won on her terms; and Hawk – equally certain that he had negotiated exactly what he intended to deliver.  
After a further few moments, the tension broken, Antonia extended her hand in confirmation of the contract.  Hawk took it, and the two shook, signaling their mutual agreement to terms.  Hawk now said in apparent finality, “Spare me your threats, Señora.  I have no doubt what you would do to me if I failed to satisfy my part of the bargain.”
Antonia presented him with an entirely infectious smile, offering pleasantly, “On the contrary, proud Señor Halcón, I had no doubts whatsoever.  Now let us drink to our pact - we three, who are now irrevocably linked in crime.”  All three poured down their shots, Antonia immediately pouring yet another round.
“You can bring us information through the lines whenever you get it, Antonia,” Seguin said, rising to go, “They will not stop a woman.”
“On the contrary, Señor.  Señor Halcón will come to me twice a week at the cantina, on Mondays and Thursday nights.  It should be obvious - they would suspect me if I were to pass through the lines.”
Hawk said, “Alright, I agree to that,” and the two rose to go.  “I will see you Monday next, Señora.”
“Adios, Señor Halcón, may your wings carry you safely through the lines,” she said, and the three parted.


Chapter 8

Silver Blades of Grass

I have at various times submitted the question of storming the fortifications to a council of officers, and they have uniformly decided against it.
-Stephen Austin

Gonzales-Early November, 1835

Sam Houston had never been a man to run from a fight.  On the contrary, if there was a fight within a hundred miles, you could count on him to be right in the middle of it.  His instincts told him that he had chosen well.  Since Texas might well be the last frontier in his lifetime, he had most assuredly come to the right place.  The skirmishes having already begun, he had decided he’d best get himself down to where the fighting was as quickly as possible.  Accordingly, he’d arrived in Gonzales shortly after Stephen Austin departed with his volunteer army for San Antonio de Bexar.
Throughout the months of October and November both delegates from the Texas colonies and would-be freedom fighters had converged on Gonzales.  Since the first shots had been fired there, it seemed the logical place for all concerned to converge.  Eventually a consultation was convened composed of representatives from the colonies.  While most of the freedom fighters converging on Texas from the United States wanted independence for Texas, the majority of the colonists preferred to remain a part of Mexico, seeking instead to obtain statehood in Mexico.  
They had formed a new provisional government, elected Henry Smith as governor, and David Burnett had resigned as interim president of the short-lived government of Texas.  The provisional government had then decided to create a regular army of Texas, and Sam Houston had been appointed major general and commander-in-chief of the regular army.  
Meanwhile, Stephen Austin continued to command the army of volunteers that besieged San Antonio de Bexar.  As a result, a state of general confusion reigned across Texas.  As rumors and misinformation spread across the colonies, potential enlistees were uncertain where to report in order to be of most service to the cause. 
In the midst of this mess, Sam Houston set about the task of raising a standing regular Army of Texas.  

Gonzales-Late November

Governor Smith sat in his office with his feet propped up on the desk.  It had been another long day.  It seemed to him that every time he got going in the right direction, something else went the wrong way.  He was still contemplating the latest turn of events when there came a knock at his door, eliciting from him, “Please enter!”
The door opened, and Sam Houston entered.  Houston was an extraordinarily big man.  As such, he found it necessary to lean over to keep from scraping his head on the door sill, but it was clear from his graceful entrance that he was used to this fact.  “Governor, would you have a few minutes to spare?” he inquired politely.
“Why of course, General Houston.  Have a seat.  Take a load off.”  Smith was clearly intimidated by Houston, but Houston did not appear to take note of the fact.  Smith waited expectantly for Houston to speak.
Houston had already removed his hat, so he took this occasion to roll it around in his hands.  Apparently uncertain quite how to begin, he finally broached his subject, “Governor, we have a situation.  I’ve seen this sort of thing before, but never in such dire circumstances.”  He paused, as if waiting for Smith to reply.  As he did not, Houston continued, admitting, “I’m having a hell of a time raising a regular army.  What it all comes down to is money, sir.”
“In what way, General?”
“Well, sir, at first it was all smooth and straightforward.  About fifty men signed up in the first two days.  I thought it was going to be a piece of cake.  But then things started slowing down.  It’s now been three weeks, and I’ve got maybe sixty-five men signed onto the regular army.”
“General, what do you mean by ‘maybe’?  Don’t you know how many men you have?”
“Well, that’s just the thing, Governor.  I cannot honestly tell you how many men I have because some of them seem to keep disappearing!”
“What!  Where in tarnation are they disappearing to, General?”
“That I do not know, sir.  It’s damn mysterious, if you ask me.  I’ve been asking around town, and it appears that there are two different groups of men here.  First, there are the colonists, those that have made Texas their home.  Quite a few of them came here with their hearts in the right place, but they have families to feed, and crops to plant.  So that seems to be where some of them are off to.  Then there are the newcomers.  I suppose they’re not unlike me, although I’ve been here a bit longer than most.
“Anyways, these fellas are in too big a hurry to fight.  Seems some of ‘em sign up, and when nothing happens within a few days, they up and head south to Goliad or southwest to San Antonio to join the volunteers.  Seems they can’t stand the thought of missin’ out on some of the fightin’, although from what I hear, there ain’t no fightin’ of any significance goin’ on at either place at the moment.”
“Well, if that don’t beat all!” replied the governor, words clearly befitting the occasion if not the office he held.  “Tarnation, what a mess.  But you said it was about money, general.  What did you mean by that?”
“Well, sir, I believe that ultimately, we can’t hold these men of the “regular army” up to any sort of standard of desertion unless we pay them.  That’s the gist of what I’m thinking, sir.”
“I see, I see,” replied Governor Smith, but he really didn’t see at all.  “What do you have in mind, General?”
“I have in mind to pay them, Governor!” replied Houston.
At that the governor let out a guffaw, slapped his knee and spat out, “With what are you gonna pay them, that’s what I’d like to know!”
“Well, sir, I studied a bit of military history in my time.  Seems the Romans under Julius Caesar had one potential solution to our problem.”
Now the governor was seriously interested.  He leaned forward in his seat, got down low, and looked over his spectacles at Houston, “And what would old Julius Caesar do in the present circumstances, sir?”
“Well, sir he would draw up his own monetary instrument, and he’d pay the men!”
“General, you’re goin’ right over my head, sir.  Speak plain, please.”
“Julius Caesar wrote notes of legal tender and paid the soldiers with them until the army could receive funds from the government.”
“Oh, I get it, he wrote out a bunch of I Owe You’s, right?”
“Exactly!”
“And did the soldiers accept this form of payment, General?”
“Yes, sir, they sure enough did.”
Smith leaned back now, propped his feet up on the desk, and offered up profoundly, “There’s only one problem with your plan, General.  This here government ain’t got no money!”
“Neither did the Roman government at the time, sir.”
“But they eventually did, General, if I guess correctly.”
“Yes, sir, those soldiers all eventually got paid.”
“I fail to see how that applies to Texas, sir!”
“Governor, we have no money, I know that as well as you do.  But in my view there’s one of two things that will be the outcome of this war.  Either we’re going get our butts whipped, in which case we’ll likely all be dead, and Saint Peter won’t be asking for our I Owe You’s at the pearly gates, or we’re gonna kick the hell out of the Army of Mexico, and there’ll be enough money and land around to take care of every one of the soldiers that sign up for the Army of Texas.”
Smith leaned back, pondered a few moments, then suggested considerately, “General, let’s print us up some legal tender.  We got an army to build and maintain.”
General Houston smiled his agreement, replying convivially, “Yes, sir, Governor, I couldn’t agree more. I will see to printing immediately,” and, the conversation having reached a most satisfactory conclusion, he arose and headed off to draw up the documents. 
Houston was well aware this was no way to run a war, but times such as this demanded ingenuity.  He had learned that from Andrew Jackson.  But while his thinking was sound, the conditions just did not favor such a solution at this point in time.  Events were focused elsewhere, and no amount of legislating and offering up “legal tender” would solve the monumental challenge before him.  He knew that he would need to take further more profound actions if this war was to succeed.

Volunteer Army of Texas Camp-Late November

Hank had no idea what to make of Hawk’s demeanor.  Ever since Colonel Bowie had said he wanted to see him, Hawk had turned surly and uncommunicative.  Hank had attempted on three different occasions to engage him in conversation, but to no avail.  Then, out of nowhere, on Monday morning Hawk had awakened in the finest temper Hank thought he had ever observed in him.  
To make it even more confounding, there was a cold drizzle soaking everything and everyone right down to the bone.  It was the first one of the coming winter, the one that reminds you what you had forgotten that you disliked so much about winter.  Hank was always amazed that he could forget it over and over every year.  And every year, as soon as it got cold, it all came back to him – the huddling around fires on cold days, the chasing cows in storms to get them into the barn so they wouldn’t freeze to death (even though you might!), the muddy slimy boot-sucking roads when that cold rain came on – winter was hell to mankind, so why was it that hell was deemed to be hot?  And in the midst of it all, why was Hawk so inexplicably cheerful?
“How’s your coffee this mornin’?” Hawk queried, breaking into Hank’s momentary distraction and, showing altogether unlikely empathy for one so habitually surly, inquired sociably, “You keepin’ warm?”
“Well, I declare, if you don’t take all, Hawk.  I ain’t heard two words out of you in the last three days, and soon as it gets downright nasty weather, you come burstin’ out like sunshine.  What in the name of Andy Jackson has got into you?  I would just like to know, sir.”
Hawk, chuckling at this observation, shifted his serape to ward off the encroaching drizzle.  Hank could not for the life of him comprehend why Hawk had taken to wearing that smelly serape of late.  And it appeared that he was letting his mustache grow out as well.  To Hank, this was truly incongruous behavior on Hawk’s part.  He scratched his head in disbelief, but Hawk said nothing.  Instead, He just kept on grinning.  
Hank blurted out uncontrollably, “If I didn’t know better, I’d think you had something goin’ on the side, Mr. High-and-Mighty Banks.  But that ain’t possible in the current circumstance we find ourselves in, is it?”
“Nope, that is a fact, Hank.  Well, may as well confess to you, seeing as there’s no hiding reality from your observance.  I have received an assignment from Colonel Bowie, a task of some importance, I might add.”
“And what might that be, sir?”
“I’m scouting the enemy’s fortifications on behalf of our leaders.  That’s what I’m up to, Hank.”
Hank, continuing to scratch himself distractedly, observed, “Well now, that does sound important, I’ll give you that, Hawk.  But what I want to know is why it first makes you act like some damn ogre for three days, and then all of a sudden, you start actin’ like a bear that just found his self a whole hive of honey?”
“Fair question, my man.  The two are in no way related.  Fact is, I felt a might sickly the last three days, and now I find my health to be considerably improved.  And tonight I am to go off for a jaunt on my assigned scouting task.  So you see, the mystery is solved.”
“Well, I’m gonna take your word for it, but all I got to say is – with you there’s never not no mystery, if you get what I mean.”  
Hawk could only nod in astute agreement.

Mission Concepcion

Colonel Bowie received word that General Austin wanted to see him.  “Wonder what that’s about,” he said absent-mindedly to himself as he headed to the colonel’s office.  Austin had been a good enough leader, but Bowie wished he had been more forceful with the situation in San Antonio de Bexar.  While it was probably true that the enemy outnumbered the Texians, Bowie was confident that the Texians were superior fighters.  If it came to a fight, he had no doubt who would win.  Stepping into the colonel’s office, he saluted, announcing, “You summoned me, sir?”
“Yes, Colonel, I did indeed.  Please, sit down.”  Austin put down his pen and raised his hands together with the fingers touching one another, spreading them out before himself.  He placed his elbows on the desk in front of him, thereby forewarning Bowie that something significant was about to unfold.  “Colonel, I have been appointed to be an emissary from the State of Texas in Mexico to the United States of America.”
“What!” Bowie cried, rising halfway out of his chair.  “What in blazes has gotten into those politicians in San Felipe?  This has got to be the doings of Sam Houston.  Damn outsider wants you out of the way.  Governor Smith is a softy; must’ve buckled under to Houston!”
“Now, now, James.  There’s time enough for that.  We need to deal with the situation at hand first.  We are enmeshed in a situation here that needs to be resolved.”
“What do you plan on doing, General Austin?”
“Why, I aim to do my duty to our government.  I have been ordered to leave for the United States to raise men and resources immediately.  Those are my orders, and I intend to follow them to the letter.”
“Good God, sir, we’re in the middle of a battle here!  You can’t just go high-tailing it out of here with nobody left in charge.”
“On the contrary, I can and I will.  It’s not like there are no men here capable of taking command of the troops, sir.”
“And I’d like to know who, Colonel,” Bowie blurted out.
“That we shall determine before day’s end, sir,” Austin responded.  “Tomorrow I shall be on my way eastward.  I believe that there is some amount of insight in this decision to send me north, sir.  I believe that the situation here at Bexar is well in hand, but I do believe that the long-term hopes for Texas rely on raising a regular army.  Sir, do not assume that because we have a small Mexican Army bottled up here at Bexar, that we also have the whole of Mexico in our grasp.  By next spring we will be in a far more desperate situation, and we must do what we can to prepare for that eventuality while we can.”

San Antonio

Hawk had barely managed to contain himself till sundown, but once it had grown dark he’d immediately set off for the city.  His mustache had now grown in, and he’d been practicing the right phrases with a Tejano accent.  Accordingly, he had no trouble making it through the lines.  The fact was the soldiers at the gate didn’t seem to mind one way or the other.  He probably could have ridden up on a white horse and said he was Andrew Jackson himself and they wouldn’t have noticed.  As soon as the sun went down, the only things they were interested in were drinking mescal and chasing women.  God knows where all that mescal came from, but there seemed to be plenty enough to go around.  
He was still thinking on the absurdity of it when he arrived at the cantina.  She was there, and quite a crowd had gathered.  It was obvious to Hawk that he was not the only man that had taken notice of Antonia.  She waited tables, and quite a few soldiers were recipients of one of her well-aimed blows.  Each time he saw her slap a soldier, he relived the one she had delivered to him.  And each time, the offending soldier made it clear that he was proud of the wound he’d received at her hands.  The place was rowdy, but she managed to keep them all under her control, and most amazingly, she appeared to have little difficulty in doing so.  
And then, like magic, she sang a slow, soft song of passion, the kind that stops a room full of men and makes every one of them pay perfect attention.  Hawk was transfixed by the scene.  At the end of her song, she made the rounds, here and there pushing aside a too-friendly soldier.  When she came to Hawk’s table, she leaned forward to get an empty glass from the table and, as she pulled back, she turned and slapped him playfully, as if he had suggested something illicit.  She continued on, at which point he noticed a small piece of paper in his lap.  He opened it discreetly, reading the following words: Leave now.  Same place.  Midnight.  He arose silently and exited the cantina.  
At midnight he was waiting for her in the courtyard.  She stepped within, strolled directly to him, and led him into the room across the courtyard.  “How long have you been here?” she immediately inquired. 
“About two hours,” he replied nonchalantly.
“Good.  Smart move.  I was right about you, I can see.  And nobody saw you, right?”
“Right,” he replied.  “What news do you have for me, senora?  Anything?”
 “Yes, I do.  There is a rumor that they are going to bring a load of silver in from Laredo.”
“When?”
“I don’t know, perhaps next week.”
“That is excellent.  Anything else?”
“No.”
“Alright then, here is your money, senora.  I will see you Thursday night,” and though Hawk felt a huge lump in his throat, the meaning of which he well knew, he nonetheless exited and returned straightaway to camp.

Volunteer Army of Texas Camp

Colonel Bowie had just about had it with this army.  Elections!  How could anyone run an army with such important decisions made by election?  General Austin had now stepped down as commander, and the darn fools had elected David Burleson to head up the Volunteer Army.  Bowie was the person who was the logical replacement!  But no, they had to pick Burleson!  That man couldn’t lead an army if his life depended on it.  
Bowie was preparing his resignation letter when Hawk Banks came into his office.  “What do you want, Banks?” Bowie snapped.  He was still nursing a hangover of whopping proportions.
“Sir, I have news, important news.”
“And what might that be?”  Bowie asked, knowing that if Banks was this agitated it must be important.
“Sir, my source tells me that the Mexicans are bringing a shipment of silver up from Laredo.”
“My, my, that is indeed important.  Did your source say when, Lieutenant?”
“Sometime within the next week, I believe, sir.”
“Well, we’ll just have to intercept that shipment, won’t we, Mr. Hawk Banks!”
“My thoughts exactly, colonel.”

Shortly Thereafter

General Burleson, upon hearing a knock on his door, called out loudly, “Enter!”  James Bowie entered and saluted.
“Sir,” Bowie began, “Our agent has just reported that the Mexican Army is bringing up a load of silver from Laredo to pay the Mexican troops.”
“Ho!  This is indeed good news, sir!” Burleson responded, suggesting, “We must intercept that shipment!” 
“Exactly,” Bowie replied coolly.  
“What do you suggest, James?”
“Sir, as we do not yet know exactly when the shipment will arrive, I suggest that we send a scout down the main highway to Laredo.  When he spots the enemy approaching, he can inform you so that you have sufficient time to send out a party to cut them off.”
“Yes, excellent suggestion, sir,” Burleson responded.  “And who do you suggest that I send out to reconnoiter, James?”
“Normally, I would suggest Banks, sir, but he is otherwise engaged at the moment.  I would therefore recommend Deaf Smith.  He is a superb horseman, sir.”
“Agreed.  Send out Deaf Smith immediately with orders to inform us as soon as he spots them coming up from Laredo.”
“Yes, sir,” Bowie responded, and so saying, he departed to carry out his orders.
Two days later Deaf Smith came riding into camp at a full gallop, heading directly to Colonel Bowie’s quarters.  A few moments later the pair showed up at General Burleson’s office.  
“Sir,” Bowie said upon entering, “Deaf says they’re five miles outside the city, exactly as we anticipated.”
“Colonel Bowie,” Burleson replied, “This looks like a job for you.  Ever since Concepcion, you’ve had the confidence of the men.  How many troops did Deaf say are coming up from Laredo?”
“He says about a hundred, sir.”
“Alright, take a company of your best horsemen out there and engage them as quickly as possible.  I will follow as quickly as possible with an additional hundred foot soldiers to support you in the field.  I leave it to you to decide how you will engage the enemy, but just make sure you get between them and Bexar.”
“Understood, sir.  I will be out of here with fifty men within a quarter of an hour,” Bowie replied, and he and Deaf left immediately to carry out their orders.

Hawk was lazily stretched out, planning his next visit to Bexar to see the lovely informant Antonia, when Colonel Bowie rushed up and ordered him to saddle up his horse and join the group that was headed out to engage the enemy.  Quickly brushing off the shavings from the stick he’d been whittling mindlessly, he raced over to the horse shed to saddle up Achilles.  It appeared that this would be a short engagement, and seeing as the weather was fine, he decided to forego taking a coat and hardtack.  Seemed like speed was the word of the day rather than assiduous preparation.  
Sure enough, within minutes Hawk was riding toward the southwest with close to fifty other horsemen.  They rode hard, and within less than a half hour they came upon the Mexican troops approaching on the road from Laredo.  Colonel Bowie didn’t seem to be in a mood to stop and sort things out.  Instead, he led the men directly into the enemy force as rapidly as was humanly possible.
The Mexican troops were strung out along an arroyo adjacent to the San Pedro Creek, and as they were mostly concerned with the forty or so mules that they were packing, they failed to see the Texian horsemen coming until they were right on top of them.  They were surprised enough by Bowie’s bold move that they scattered within seconds, the mules scampering unattended into the underbrush.  It appeared that Colonel Bowie’s surprise attack was well-conceived - that is until the Mexican’s regrouped and found cover in the arroyo.  
Hawk hadn’t much of a clue what Bowie had in mind.  He just found cover and started firing his long rifle and musket as rapidly as he could reload and fire.

Hank was meanwhile off in dreamland back in camp.  In his dream, it was a nice summer day, and he and Julie were traipsing through an illusory field dotted with yellow and orange poppies, when someone suddenly kicked him wide awake.  Screwing up his fists in irritation, he rubbed his eyes and blubbered, “What the..?”
A surly-looking soldier kicked him again, cajoling, “Get up MacElrae!  We’re headin’ out to fight the Mexican Army!”
“Alright, I’m comin’.  You don’t need to keep kickin’ me, dang it!” he yelped and, hastily jumping up to pull on his boots, he prepared to march out as quickly as his distracted brain would allow.  “Where’re we goin’,” he asked groggily, but the soldier had already moved on in search of other human kicking posts.
Within five minutes they were marching down the road at a brisk pace, Hank stumbling along in a sleep-induced daze.  He was still annoyed that he’d had to leave Julie’s side like that, especially in such a romantic setting, but he kept reminding himself what Hawk had said about war – that you had to give up all your waking hours, which incongruously included sleeping, too.  He just marched as quickly as possible, trying to keep up with the crowd.  
It was quite a crowd, too.  Hank figured it was at least a hundred men and, just like himself, most of them were grousing about being rousted from doing nothing.  Hank thought that was kind of funny - half the men had been complaining about not having anything to do, and when they got rousted out to do something meaningful, they commenced complaining even more so.  No wonder more and more men were deserting every day.  Pushing such negative thoughts away, he distracted himself as they marched onwards by thinking on Julie and that field of flowers.

Hawk was by now beginning to wonder about his earlier positive opinion of James Bowie.  At Concepcion he had thought Bowie was a military genius, but in the current situation, it appeared that Bowie was downright incompetent.  The Mexicans had reformed quickly, and that had forced Bowie’s horsemen to seek cover in an adjacent arroyo.  From there things had degenerated from bad to worse.  
General Cos, who must have been able to see the battle from the Church tower in Bexar, sent out reinforcements.  Now Hawk and the other fifty Texians were pinned down between the two enemy contingents, and the newly arrived enemy foot soldiers were forming up for a Napoleonic charge.  From Hawk’s vantage point, the situation didn’t look good at all.

Hank, now wide awake, just kept marching, thinking on those yellow flowers, drowning out the sounds of the other men as best he could while they marched as quickly as possible toward the battlefield.  The sounds of rifle and musket fire coming closer and closer, before Hank realized it, the whole battalion had stumbled directly into the middle of the battlefield.  
Hank had no idea who was in charge, but he figured whoever it was had to be an idiot, because he and a hundred Texians had charged right in between two sizable enemy forces, whereupon they were immediately pinned down.  Seeing no other option, Hank just hunkered down in some rocks along the creek and did his best to keep his head down.  Every once in a while a bullet would whiz by, prompting him to fire off a shot in self-defense.  But mostly he sat wondering what in heck was going on, and as far as he could tell there wasn’t anyone in charge at all on either side of the battlefield.

Hawk and the other Texian horsemen also remained pinned down, so much so that they had no chance of mounting any sort of offensive.  Under the circumstances, he could do nothing but hope that no more enemy reinforcements came from town.  
For the first time in this war, he was actually impressed with General Cos’ army.  They formed up in ranks, and they attacked the Texians in the same way he had seen in Europe.  Fortunately for the Texians, the enemy’s weapons were of inferior quality.  The fact was, their opponents couldn’t hit anything from more than twenty feet distant, and the Texians had sufficiently accurate rifles to keep the enemy attackers from getting closer than a hundred feet.  This uneven state of affairs ran on for at least an hour, but finally, the foot soldiers that had shown up to reinforce Bowie’s men, including Hank, made a run for the opposing cannon, thereby motivating the enemy forces to retreat to Bexar, and the battle came to an abrupt ending.  

Colonel Bowie, recognizing that the hostilities were over, was the first to climb out of the arroyo.  “Come on men, they made a run for Bexar.  The battle’s over, and we got their mules!”  Since Bowie didn’t want to come right out and say that the mules were loaded with silver for fear of starting a stampede of excitement, he signed to Deaf Smith to go check out the mules.  
Deaf Smith jumped on his horse and took off, riding out a couple of hundred yards to round up the mules and make sure they didn’t scatter any further than they already had.  At the site of Colonel Bowie, other men started climbing out of the arroyos, and within a couple of minutes the entire Texian force of a hundred and fifty men had climbed into view on the prairie.  
One soldier let out a whoop and said, “We got ‘em, Colonel Bowie, we got ‘em on the run!”  And at that, the whole force began to whoop and holler, as if they’d all been out on a Sunday picnic.

Hank scanned about in search of Hawk, and sure enough, there he was off to his left, not more than a hundred yards distant.  He trudged slowly over to where Hawk was standing motionless, seemingly surveying the battlefield.  As Hank strolled up he grinned, offering to Hawk, “Some battle, huh?”  
Hawk could only shake his head in disgust.  As he stood watching the enemy troops continue to retreat into Bexar, he hawked, spat furiously, and opined, “Well, that was about the most poorly executed military movement I’ve ever laid eyes on.  Still, I suppose it’ll have to do, seein’ as how we got their load of silver!”
“What?  What silver?”  Hank asked, simultaneously dumbfounded and confused.
“I expect you must be the only soldier in this army that hasn’t heard in the last forty-eight hours that the Mexican Army was bringing in a load of silver from Laredo to pay their soldiers,” Hawk exclaimed in exasperation.  “I swear, this army couldn’t keep a secret if it meant we were all set to win a parole pass from perdition!”  
“I’ve no idea what you’re talkin’ about, Mr. Hawk Banks.  But I do know this, if we got silver, I want my share!” Hank replied gleefully.
Just at that moment Hawk could see Deaf Smith ride up to Colonel Bowie and say something to him.  Squinting into the mid-day sun, Hawk could tell that Bowie did not look happy at all, so he decided to saunter over and see what the problem was.  
Unaware of the developing issue, Hank busied himself with helping one of the soldiers who had been wounded in the battle.  A few minutes later Hawk reappeared.  
Observing the thunderous look on Hawk’s face, Hank asked, “What’s up, Hawk?  Somethin’ the matter?”
“Nothin’,” Hawk replied laconically and, as if on cue, he hawked and spat.  
By now well aware from experience that such behavior had hidden meaning, Hank determined to pursue the issue.  “Meaning exactly what, Hawk?”
“Meaning, we got nothin’, private, absolutely nothin’,” Hawk thundered.
“Nothing?” Hank stared at Hawk in abject confusion.  “you mean, there ain’t no silver?”
“No sir, there ain’t no silver,” and it was clear that Hawk was not the least bit happy at this revelation.
Hank scratched his head and, gazing at the battlefield surrounding them, inquired doubtfully, “I don’t understand!  What the hell are all them mules carrying?”
“Grass, my man, grass.  Those mules are all carrying grass!” Hawk mumbled with finality.
Hank peered at Hawk, Hawk peering back at him for the longest time.  Suddenly, the pair of them let out simultaneous howls of laughter, “Haw, haw, haaaw.”  They laughed so long and loud that every head on the battlefield turned their way.  
Hank laughed so hard he cried.  Finally, he said sonorously, to no one in particular, but so’s everyone on the entire battlefield could hear, “Well, I’ll be tickled by a turtle turd.  We done won ourselves the grass fight!”


Chapter 9

The Fall of Bexar

Who will go with old Ben Milam into Bexar?
-Ben Milam

Volunteer Texas Army Camp-Early December, 1835

Hawk donned his serape and sombrero and headed for the city.  After two weeks of his bi-weekly routine he had begun to grow comfortable with his role as a Tejano.  To be honest, he did not think of what he was doing as spying at all.  He was just doing his best to help the cause.  The other part - Antonia, and all that she portended – was interesting and perplexing.  On the one hand, he told himself that this was no time to become entwined with a woman, especially one so obviously complex as she.  On the other hand, he felt helpless to stop it.  His emotions had the better of him.  This was not something that he was accustomed to, and it bothered him greatly that he could not seem to control himself.  
As he passed into the city, he greeted the guards, who suspected nothing because Hawk had made it a habit to come and go from several crossing points so as to avoid suspicion.

At the Guard Post

Francisco despised guard duty.  Because he was supposed to help at the southeast gate until midnight, he would miss the fun at the cantina tonight.  He had developed an attraction for the beautiful woman who sang with such passion.  Having found out from Hernando that her name was Antonia, he nonetheless knew that he would never have the nerve to approach her.  He simply enjoyed worshipping her from afar.  To Francisco, she symbolized everything virtuous in a woman.  In his estimation, she was the very image of the Virgin Mary.  
On this particular evening there was almost no traffic at all coming and going through the gate.  Still, one hombre attracted his attention.  Could it be…yes, he believed it was.  This was the man he had seen on more than one occasion within the cantina.  He had attracted Francisco’s attention because he too had seemed to hold some special interest in the Señora.  Although he had never seen him speak to her, Francisco had noticed that the Señora had on several occasions glanced at the man.  Were they perhaps lovers?  Surely not - this hombre was not good enough for the Virgin Antonia.  
Who was this hombre?  Francisco decided that it bore investigation.  He reported to his superior officer at the gate that he was suspicious of this hombre, requesting permission to follow him.  Permission granted, he carefully followed at a safe distance so as not to attract attention.

Hawk wanted desperately to go see Antonia perform within the cantina, but he reminded himself that he needed to be cautious.  Because he had already gone there several times in the last couple of weeks, he determined it to be safer to make his way directly to her room and wait for her therein.  Just before midnight she appeared, whispering breathlessly, “I was afraid that you were not coming, Señor Halcón.  You did not come to the cantina tonight, but that is good.  Better to not draw attention to yourself.”  She paused a moment and then stared directly into his eyes.  “How are things out on the prairie?”
Hawk, startled by her bold gaze, was aware that she knew the effect she had on men.  He swallowed nervously and blurted out, “The weather is starting to be an issue.  The cold is a problem, but the rain is worse.  We have very little cover out there.”
“How is the army of volunteers holding up?”
“I would rather not say,” he prevaricated.
“Why?” she asked, perplexed by his expression.
He hesitated, continuing with, “Well, I should have thought it would be obvious.  What if you are captured?  They could probably force any information out of you that you possess.”
“Ha!” she said brightly.  “I shall not get captured.  You see, I am not really spying at all.  The only thing I do is wait tables at the cantina, and while doing so, I just listen.  One can hear everything one needs to just by listening to soldiers when they are drinking.”
“All the same, I would prefer to not supply you with information that could endanger you.”
“I understand.  I appreciate your honesty, as well as your desire to protect me,” she responded politely.
Hawk stared at her for a moment, seeming to weigh his next statement, and pressed on, adding, “Antonia, I do not know what makes the world go around.  I confess I do not comprehend what is going on here, but I can only say that I feel as if a spell has been cast upon me.  You have bewitched me.  I suppose this will sound trite, but to be honest, I feel something, something powerful for you,” and so saying, he appeared distraught at his forlorn admission.
She stood motionless, a hint of a tiny smile reaching the corner of her lips, whispered intimately, “I know, I can see with my own eyes Señor Halcón, and I thank you for your honesty from deep within my heart.”  Then her look hardened and, appearing exceedingly proud, she added, “But please do not speak to me this way, Señor.  I hold no interest in such things.”  
Initially brightening, Hawk rapidly felt the sting of her last words, stammering in response, “Señora Perez, I apologize.  I have let my emotions get the better of me.  You shall not hear another word from me about anything other than the business at hand.”
“Such is the nature of extreme danger, Señor.  The very situation that has thrown us together, the shear intensity of the emotions, now becomes your worst enemy.  And there is the irony of it,” she replied sadly.
Aware that he could not improve on her words, he responded softly, “I’ll say.”
Antonia then gave Hawk some interesting information regarding the morale in the Mexican Army.  “I will see you on Thursday night,” he said, and subsequently stepping obliviously into the night, he failed to notice the Mexican soldier scrutinizing him from the adjacent alleyway.

San Antonio de Bexar-The Next Day

General Cos was seriously disappointed in his troops.  Why was it that the Mexican army always placed her least prepared soldiers farthest from home, where the likelihood of battle was the greatest?  He could feel it in his military bones - this army was not prepared to fight when the time came.  These so-called Texians were tenacious, and he could tell that they had much more to lose.  The Mexicans, many of whom under his command were felons, wanted nothing more of this group of wild men from the back woods.  Cos secretly believed that it was all a plot by Andrew Jackson - that most of the warriors they faced had been sent from the United States by the U.S. government for the purposes of colonization.  He wondered how in the name of the Virgin Mary he would be able to rally his troops to win this battle in this godforsaken place.

Gonzales-December

Sam Houston wondered to himself why the council had ever bothered to name him commander of the regular army.  Despite his best efforts, he had been unable to raise a substantial force.  He felt that he alone completely understood the nature of this war, if indeed it could be called that.  From a military perspective, Bexar and the Alamo mission were of little or no strategic importance, but he’d been unable to convince anyone of this fact.  He had written to James Fannin, the highest ranking regular officer in San Antonio, and ordered him to vacate the army to Gonzales.  But his order, like every other one sent to the front, had been ignored.  His patience was tried more with each passing day, but somehow he had to find a way to impress upon the fighting men of Texas that their only hope lay with the eastern part of colonies.  East of the Trinity, there was sufficient population to defeat an army from Mexico.  Nowhere else in Texas was there a strategic reason to defend against the Mexicans.  He continued to ponder, but no solution came to his mind. 

Volunteer Army of Texas Camp-December

James Bowie’s frustration grew with each passing day.  First, the Texians had elected Edward Burleson to replace General Austin as commander of the volunteer army.  Then, as more and more men poured into Bexar, the situation had grown still worse.  General Burleson didn’t seem to have a clue how to lead this conglomeration of misfits, and to make matters worse, a growing rabble of dissenters was questioning every order, every detail of the army’s plans.  Bowie was deeply concerned that the whole army would disintegrate without completing the fundamental task at hand – to defeat General Cos’ army.  Something had to be done.  He therefore decided to leave the army and go to San Felipe to drum up support.  The following morning he saddled up and headed out.  As he rode east on the road to Gonzalez, he stopped to take one last look at his beloved San Antonio.  He hoped he would see her again, and soon.

General Edward Burleson was deep in discussion with his staff when a messenger came in to inform him that Lieutenant Banks had arrived with important news.  “Come in here, Mr. Banks,” Burleson said, shaking his hand as he entered the room.  “You know the men here.  Have a seat and join in on our strategic overview.  We were just discussing the possibility of pulling out of Bexar for the winter.  The weather will turn cold soon, and with the winter rains, it will be difficult to sustain the army.  I don’t have to tell you that a volunteer army does not do well with a siege, Lieutenant.  What are your thoughts on the subject, sir?”
“Sir, with all due respect, I believe that neither option is the right one for us at this moment,” Hawk replied.
“Why is that, sir?” Burleson responded with a look of puzzled interest.
“Sir, as you know I have been working with a Tejano in Bexar for the past few weeks.  During that period, I’ve been sneaking into the city a couple of times a week.  I went in last night under cover of darkness.”
“Excellent, Mr. Banks.  What have you been able to discern, if I may be so bold?”
“Well, sir, it seems to my eye that the entire Mexican Army is dispirited.  Actually, they seem to be at the point of mutiny.  Rumor has it in the city that half of them are threatening to break off and make a run for the Rio Grande.”
At this the entire room broke into cacophony, every officer surprised by this unforeseen revelation.  Burleson held up his hands to quiet the group, “Now, now, gentlemen.  Let us hear Mr. Banks out.  Sir, on what or whom do you base this information?  Is it reliable?”
Hawk looked offended, “Why, yes, sir.  It is most reliable.  I assure you, I have absolute confidence in my contact.”
“And who might that be, sir?” General Burleson queried.
“Sir, I cannot say.  It is a matter of security.  If the identity of this person were to become known, then an entire family within the city would be in mortal danger.  But let me say this, I have been meeting with this person on a regular basis, and every piece of information that I have received has proven to be accurate, with the exception of the silver shipment.  Sir, Captain Seguin knows our contact, and I believe that he will also vouch for her.”
“Her?  It is a woman, sir?”
“Yes, sir, it is.  I didn’t mean to let that slip though.  I expect that piece of information will not leave this room, sir,” Hawk propounded with emphasis.  
“Gentlemen, you heard Mr. Banks.  I hold you responsible.  That out piece of information must not leave this room!  Continue, sir.”
Hawk now added, “Sir, based on my information, supplies are low in the city, and the soldiers are drinking a great deal.  They are in no shape for a battle.  Although they have fortified the Alamo, the interior of the city is not prepared for battle at all.  There are several points along their defenses at the extremities of the city that are poorly defended.  The circumference is much too large for the current number of soldiers to properly defend their perimeter.  I believe that a surprise attack by our forces would catch them completely off guard.  We could surround at least half of their army before they could make it to the relative safety of the fortified Alamo mission.”
As General Burleson stared at Hawk, seemingly nonplussed, Hawk continued, suggesting, “Sir, anything at all would be better than retreating to Gonzales.  If we do that, this here entire volunteer army will melt away into the Texas woods.  And these men will not come back, not ever.  If you ask me, they want to fight, and they want to fight now, sir.”
General Burleson had not expected this at all.  He was thus quite uncertain how to respond.  “Gentlemen, comments?” was all he could think of to say.
William Travis was the first to speak up, “Sir, I agree with Lieutenant Banks.  Let’s strike while we have the opportunity.  We can take General Cos and Bexar, I’m sure of it.”  Burleson considered Travis was a hothead.  Everybody knew that, ever since Anahuac.
But then old Ben Milam spoke up, “General, I’m just about fed up with sittin’ around.  I agree with Banks here.  I come up from the Rio Grande, and one thing everybody knows down there is that the soldiers from the north of Mexico are the worst ones in the whole country of Mexico.  They’re a bunch of convicts and no-goods.  We can whip them for sure.  Look what we did at Concepcion.  Their weapons are damn near worthless against our long rifles.”
Burleson was still uncertain.  “Anyone else?” he said tersely.  “No one?  Alright, I will consider your suggestions and give you a response tomorrow morning.”  The group dispersed thereafter.

Hank was ready to go home, except he couldn’t figure out how.  First, there was Hawk.  He seemed to be having the time of his life. Between whoring and drinking, Hawk didn’t seem to have enough hours in the day.  Hank couldn’t figure out where Hawk was gettin’ it, but he was sure that there was a regular ration of female companionship in his diet.  
As more and more men poured into San Antonio, Hawk’s yarns got more flamboyant.  He had become sort of a folk hero within the volunteer army.  Several men claimed even to have known him back in Kentucky.  For some reason, Hawk didn’t seem to mind at all that the siege was getting nowhere fast.  
Hank wondered what in hell their leaders were doing.  It seemed that every day was a replay of the previous one.  Rumors would come down that they were going to attack, and then by mid-afternoon, it would circulate among the ranks that it was just that – rumors - and nothing more.  
To top off his misery, cold weather was beginning to set in.  Hank wanted to go home and rub up against a nice woman in the warmth of his own cabin.  He missed Julie.  It had now been more than two months since he’d heard her voice.  He thought to write a letter, but he couldn’t think of anything to say.  What would he say – “We ain’t done nothin’ but sit around on our tails for six weeks?”  It would be better to say nothing at all than that tripe.  So he said nothing.

Volunteer Army of Texas Camp-That Night

Hawk put on his serape and headed towards the city.  He was supposed to wait until Thursday to call on Antonia, but he was unusually worried.  He now thought there was a distinct possibility that the Texians would attack Bexar on the morrow, and he wanted to get this information to Antonia so she could be out of harm’s way when it came.  Because he was in a hurry, he failed to observe his own protocol, thereby using the same guard gate that he had passed through on the previous evening.  The guards were waiting for him, immediately placing him under arrest.  Having no idea what he had done to tip them off, he determined his best course of action was to play the fool.  
“What!  Why am I under arrest?” he protested.  “I am a good citizen of Mexico.  Long live Santa Anna, our president.  Please, I do not understand this.  I demand to know why I am being held against my will!”  
This was the wrong thing to say, as anyone from Mexico would know.  Mexican citizens do not generally protest.  In their culture it is preferable to supplicate, to ask politely, but never to demand.  Given this fact, Hawk simply confirmed the suspicions of the soldiers.  Accordingly, he was placed under arrest in the city jail, the only place secure enough to hold a prisoner of war.  He was not bound, but for the moment, he had no options.  However, he was no fool - he doubted that his capture would go on for long.  He knew that he would be missed in camp, and Juan Seguin was his best bet for help.  He therefore determined to wait out the night within his cell.

Volunteer Army of Texas Camp-Later that Night

Hank was concerned when Hawk didn’t return from his previous night’s foray.  Hank saw through Hawk’s claim that each time he went out he was “surveying defenses”.  Secretly, he considered the most likely possibility was that Hawk had been sneaking into the city, chasing women, and that in the process he had gotten himself captured by the Mexican army.  That mustache that Hawk had grown was a dead giveaway as far as Hank was concerned.  And concerned he was, enough that he went to report it even before he’d had his morning coffee.  
“Sir, I believe I may have something significant to report,” he said upon locating Captain Seguin.
“Yes, Hank, what is on your mind?” Seguin replied in the best English he could muster.
“Sir, Hawk didn’t come back to camp last night.  I believe he may have been captured,” Hank said succinctly.  Feeling like a fool before an officer, he kicked the dirt and thrust his hands into his pockets.
“What!  He didn’t come back?  That is no good.  I will report it fast, Señor.  Thank you.  This is very important news,” and Seguin turned to report Hank’s revelation up the line.
As Captain Seguin arrived at General Burleson’s quarters, he could see that some sort of hoopla was already underway, obliging him to hold off reporting on Hawk to the general.  
General Burleson was arguing with several officers from the volunteer army.  “Gentlemen, that is my final decision - the army will vacate Bexar and take up winter quarters in Gonzalez.  This engagement is a lost cause!”
There was stunned silence.  Suddenly, several men started arguing among themselves.  As they did so, the cacophony amplified, attracting increasing attention from the volunteers.  Within minutes, virtually the entire army was assembled at the general’s headquarters.  General Burleson attempted repeatedly to quiet them down.  “Gentlemen, gentlemen, please!” he announced repeatedly, but to no avail.
Finally, Ben Milam stepped forward, and when he did so, the men immediately became silent.  They all knew old Ben, and they respected him.  Ben stood stolidly for a moment surveying the crowd.  There were at least two hundred men assembled, and it appeared that every single one of them was spoiling to fire his weapon off at anything that moved.  
“Men, listen up,” Ben began, and without so much as another word of explanation, he inquired, “Who is willing to go with old Ben Milam into Bexar?”
You could have heard a pin drop, but only for a second.  Suddenly, the entire volunteer army erupted in a great cheer.  Everyone was clapping and whacking each other on the back, whooping, and raising their rifles.  And for the first time, Hank knew why he had come to San Antonio.
General Burleson had no choice but to let them go to it, and off went the volunteer army into San Antonio.  Hank didn’t even know what day it was.  He found out later it was the 5th of December.  In the tumult, he completely forgot about Hawk.  
The actual doing of it turned out to be a lot less exciting than it had started.  An hour later Hank followed his company through the fields and they raced right into the city, completely untouched.  The Mexican Army had left whole stretches of their defenses unprotected.  Somebody said that the command staff had been surveying the defenses, that they had been ordered to attack at this particular point for that very reason.  
That made Hank think of Hawk.  He’d completely forgotten about him!  Maybe old Hawk’s nightly reconnoitering hadn’t been a lie.  Maybe Hawk had even been responsible for Hank’s company pushing right into the city without a single shot fired.  Well, no sense in worrying about Hawk now.  Hank suspected that of all the men in this army, Hawk was the most likely to be able to fend for himself.
Once inside the city, things rapidly turned ugly.  Hank’s company got pinned down almost immediately.  And despite the time of year, it grew blazingly hot.  They had no provisions, and they were stuck in some stinking little room on the edge of the city.  Every time someone tried to poke their head out of the doorway, an enemy soldier fired off a musket shot.  Most of the time they missed - their weapons were really terrible – but every once in a while one of Hank’s buddies got shot.  This was easily the worst fighting he’d experienced thus far in the whole war and, since Hank had no intention of getting himself killed, he kept his head down, stayed under cover, and let his company commander do his job.
The day dragged on.  From the interior of the house, some locals brought food and water.  Eventually they managed to move down the block three houses before they were pinned down yet again.  And so it went.  It was terrifying and interminable for Hank.  He had no idea where they were, where they were going, and what the plan was.  He simply focused on surviving from moment to moment, and napped as best he could when there was a lull in the shooting.
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, the sun went down, and it began to grow dark.  Darkness had the effect of a sedative – both sides seeming to understand the futility of attempting to fight with no idea where the enemy was, the fighting came to a halt for the night.  Once again, locals appeared who gave the Texians some sustenance and water.  Exhausted, the entire army on both sides slipped into a fitful night of rest.

Bexar City Jail

Hawk, who had heard the gunfire from the very start, knew exactly what it signaled.  The main thing that concerned him was that the Texian Army might not be aware of his capture.  Accordingly, he had to take care that they didn’t mistake him for the enemy.  As to the possibility of his jailers harming him, that was clearly out of the question.  Having had more important things to do than to look after a single prisoner, they had vacated the local jail as soon as the fighting had started.  
Hawk therefore concerned himself with attempting to find a means of escape.  He spent several hours attempting to dig a hole in the stone reinforcement large enough to dislodge one or more of the cell bars, but was unsuccessful.  By the time darkness fell, he was tired, hungry, and thirsty.  He needed sleep badly, and it took no time at all for him to drift into a deep dreamless state of slumber.  
He was awakened by the voice of Antonia.  “Hawk!  Wake up!  Hawk!”  
Hawk arose immediately, exclaiming doubtfully, “Antonia!  What are you doing here?”
“I’m here to get you out, you idiot!” she responded breathlessly.  She was clearly flustered and, seemingly searching for something in the darkness, she said, “I can’t find the key to your cell.”
“Is this what you’re searching for?” a voice from behind her said softly.  It was Francisco.
“You!” she exclaimed, “I know you!  You come to the cantina almost every night.  What are you doing here, Señor?”  
Hawk recognized him, too.  He appeared to be harmless but, under the circumstances, Hawk couldn’t afford to be presumptuous.
“Here, Señora, here is the key.  Take it, and set your hombre free,” and so saying, he handed the key to Antonia.  
Antonia stared at him quizzically, as if unable to believe this stunning turn of events in her favor.  “Are you sure, Señor?  You promise not to hurt the Halcón if I set him free?  If I do so, he will fly away, I assure you.”
“Promise that you will not allow him to hurt me, and I will promise the same in return, Señora.”
“I promise,” Antonia responded, and reached for the proffered key.  She immediately opened the cell and released Hawk.  The two began to beat a hasty retreat but, turning around, she hurried back to Francisco, asking, “What is your name, Señor?”
Francisco pulled himself to his full height, as if he were standing before Santa Anna himself, and announced proudly, “Señora, I am Private Francisco Ernesto de la Garza, at your service.”
Antonia kissed him on the check, as if she were his mother, murmured softly, “Well, Francisco, we owe you.  I will not forget this kindness, I promise.”
Francisco, offended by her motherly kiss, frowned, exclaimed, “Señora, you are a spy!”
“Shhhh,” she whispered, “We do not speak of such things.  Adios, my little Francisco.  May we meet again.  You have my eternal gratitude,” and with that she rushed from the jail.
Once outside, Antonia guided Hawk to a place of safety.  “Now Señor Halcón, there is fighting all over the city, as you can tell from the sounds.  Several parts of the city are held by the enemy forces, but other parts are held by the Texians.  We must be careful to avoid falling into the wrong hands.  As I am a mujer, and a Tejano at that, I am much safer on the streets than are you.  If you will wait here for a few minutes, I will find out where we may go to find safety.”
“Si, Señora,” Hawk replied with a wry grin, watching her hips swing as she retreated up the alleyway.  He thought momentarily how incongruous it was to be admiring a woman in such a life-threatening situation, suddenly realizing that he had no weapon.   
Antonia returned in a very short time, whispering, “Halcón, we are indeed in luck.  The Texians are in control just two blocks from here.  I have informed them that you are coming.  You must go now.”
“Are you not coming, Señora?”
“No, I must see to Teresa.  You understand.”
“Yes, yes, of course.” Hawk responded.  “Antonia,” he continued.
“Yes,” she said.  “What, Hawk?”
“I am in your debt.”
“I have your promise regarding my child, Señor Halcón, and that cancels any debt.”
Hawk made a halfhearted attempt to hug her, but she pulled away.  “There is time for that later.”
“Yes, later,” he responded hastily.  But she was already trotting down the alleyway, leading him to his freedom.
By the following morning Hawk was back with his company.  

Hank, on seeing Hawk, exploded, “Where in tarnation have you been, Hawk?”
“Well, good morning to you, too, Private MacElrae!” Hawk shot back, grinning sheepishly.
“Don’t evade the question, damn it,” Hank ordered fretfully.
“Did myself a bit of whoring, I confess,” Hawk replied, still grinning.
“If that were true, you wouldn’t have come back, I’m thinkin’,” Hank opined, visibly calming.
“Alright, if you must know, I got captured.  It’s going to be all over The Volunteer Army of Texas by dark anyway, I expect,” Hawk replied affably.
“Fine, that’s just real fine, Hawk.  We’re here, trapped in this here stinkin’ little town, crawling from house to house, gettin’ shot at from every possible angle you could think of, and you’re off consortin’ with the enemy.  How’s the food?  They got anything hot to eat over there?”
Hawk guffawed uncontrollably.  This was the Hank he knew and loved.  “Well, now that you mention it, I did in fact partake of some real fine food – couple of enchiladas, and some mescal.  I was a real empresario to them soldiers, so they took me to a cantina show last night.  Great party!”
“Spare me your sarcasm,” Hank responded gruffly, “We got ourselves in a fix here, and I don’t need any distractions at this very moment.  I’m fightin’ a major war, sir.”
“I hear you, sir,” Hawk responded and, his visage suddenly laced with genuine solemnity, added, “Let’s get at it,” and that is exactly what they did.

Hawk finally felt in his element.  This was the first real fighting he’d done in some time.  He’d had some skirmishes with Indians back in Tennessee and Kentucky, but he was forced to admit to himself that he hadn’t really been in a military fight since the War of 1812, and that had been a long long time ago indeed.  
Here he was, slowly working his way down Portero Street with a passel of volunteers.  He could feel his heart pounding with the excitement and fear of the battle.  Several men had already been struck trying to rush forward too quickly.  Hawk was seasoned with this sort of engagement but, fearing that Hank was not, he made sure that he kept ahead of Hank, protecting him like a son.  He had developed a great deal of affection for the youngster.  Heck, he wasn’t so young in reality - he just seemed that way to Hawk.
As he thought on this fact, two rifle shots rang out close by.  One of the Texians in the jacal they were occupying went down, wounded in the shoulder.  Some of those enemy soldiers were good shots indeed, but to Hawk’s mind they weren’t a match for the Tennessee long rifles and the men handling them.  
Hawk, now conjuring up a way to keep Hank from getting shot, ordered him to reload for Hawk and keep a rifle ready for him at all times.  That kept Hank busy and under cover, and Hank didn’t seem to mind at all.  He apparently didn’t relish the thought of getting shot any more than Hawk did.  Hank figured thoughts of Julie were always holding back his fighting skills, and that was no way to fight a battle.  In the end, Hawk and Hank made up a skilled fighting machine that was not unnoticed by others in the army.  
The going continued to be slow and painful.  The heat of the day was fetid within the stone houses, flies fighting for the opportunity to buzz and bite whoever entered each enclosure.  No sooner would the volunteers complete their sweep of one small area than the enemy would appear in another part of the maze of downtown Bexar.
Hawk surveyed the men in the room with him.  Every one of them, including Hank, looked miserable.  Hawk, on the other hand, felt like he was on a turkey shoot.  He could not think of anything he’d rather be doing at this very moment.
Observing Hawk’s apparent glee, Hank mumbled miserably, “You look like you’re actually enjoying this, you dang fool!”

The battle lasted five days, during which General Cos’ army slowly retreated entirely within the walls of the fortified Alamo mission.  Ben Milam was killed on the third day of fighting.  
The siege of Bexar had lasted fifty-seven days.  About the only good thing that could be said by the time it had ended was that the weather had cooled into late fall.  By most counts the Mexican Army had lost more than 150 soldiers.  The Texians only lost ten.  
General Cos and his army were allowed safe conduct to the Rio Grande so long as they promised to not take up arms again against the Texians.  That turned out to be a terrible mistake.  
But San Antonio had been taken, and once again, against all odds, the Texians had emerged victorious against superior forces.  Word spread like wildfire through Texas of the great victory at Bexar.  It seemed to one and all within Texas that the Texians were quite invincible.

South of San Antonio-Mid-December

Francisco was relieved to be on the road to Laredo. From there it was little more than a three day march to his home.  Having never understood the reason for the campaign, he couldn’t care less for this army.  More importantly, in his view no one was allowed to know what, when, how or why, and that had been the very reason he had freed the prisoner Halcón.  Still, he was forced to admit to himself that he had also done it for the beautiful mujer, the Virgin Antonia.  
Although he never ever wanted to return to San Antonio, he secretly hoped that he would one day see the Señora again.  Pondering her ethereal beauty, he hummed to himself as the army marched southwards, a pastime that disconcerted his disheartened comrades in arms.  As he did so the medallion of San Francisco swung rhythmically, in perfect time with the tune pulsating within his imagination. 
Hernando could only ask himself “Why in heaven’s name is Francisco so contented?”  After all, they had been defeated in battle.

San Antonio-Mid-December

Hawk could think of but one word to describe the scene in San Antonio – pandemonium.  The entire town had broken out into the grandest party he had ever seen in his life.  Mescal appeared everywhere.  Beer was as water.  Food suddenly became plentiful.  The Tejanos and Texians rejoiced as one.  It was all just too wonderful.
Hawk went looking for Antonia at the first opportunity, locating her right where he would have expected - with Teresa at her small home.  Antonia, introducing Hawk to Teresa, announced lovingly, “Señor Halcón, this is my daughter Teresa,” and turning to her daughter, she added, “This is Señor Halcón, my dear.  I hope that you will treat him nicely.  He is my amigo.”
“Hola, Señor Halcón,” Teresa called timidly from the protecting folds of her mother’s dress, adding with obvious confusion, “Can you fly, Señor?  You do not look like a halcón.”
“Oh, yes, of course.  Señor Halcón has great powers,” Antonia cajoled with maternal interest.
“Can I see you fly now?” Teresa asked, her thumb shyly planted within the corner of her mouth.
“Now we must celebrate the great victory over the invaders,” Antonia volunteered, “There will be time to see our friend fly,” thereby relieving Hawk from the necessity to demonstrate the impossible.  Since he had not been around children in a long time, he was quite uncertain how he should act toward Teresa.
Enhancing the familial atmosphere as the three strolled down the street to join the revelry, Teresa grabbed Hawk’s pants leg and tugged on it gently.  Hawk, glancing down at the child in confusion, peered over his shoulder toward Antonia.
“She wants you to carry her,” Antonia explained matter-of-factly.
“Should I?  I mean, may I?” Hawk queried, completely caught off guard by this unanticipated scene of domesticity.  “Don’t get me wrong – I’d like to.  I’m just, well, a little unsure of myself.”
“I can see that!” Antonia replied and, giggling spontaneously, suggested, “Pick her up.  She won’t bite, I promise.”
Hawk reached down and, sweeping Teresa up into his arms, tossed her just a bit, at which the child emitted an enormous giggle.  “Mommy!” she said.  “He is strong, very strong.  I am sure he can fly!”  Hawk hoisted her onto his shoulders and off they went to join the celebration.  

Hank, splayed out upon the street, lolled against the wall adjacent to one of Bexar’s many cantinas.  He was on his third - no fourth - drink of mescal; he wasn’t exactly sure himself.  Truth was, he was but a single drink short of neither knowing nor caring whether he was alive or dead.  For the moment, however, he retained just sufficient lucidity to be aware of his mortality, and what’s more, to be thankful that he was alive, unwounded, and on the winning side.  
A huge throng, composed mostly of Texian volunteers, surged up and down the street before him, none taking the slightest notice of this obviously inebriated hulk, many attempting to push their way within the cantina for the express purpose of joining him shortly.  
“What a party,” he mumbled to himself.  “I wish Julie could be here to see it.”  He would have gone inside, but with this crowd, there was not the slightest possibility.  Besides, he wasn’t sure he could even walk at the moment.  Instead, he simply propped himself haphazardly against the wall and, awaiting yet another drink to be thrust into his hands by some passerby, he woozily discerned from recent experience that it oughtn’t be a lengthy wait. 
He glanced up and down the street, observing the crowd.  As he had expected all along, there was good old Hawk, coming right down the street.  What was entirely unanticipated was that he seemed to be carrying something on his shoulders.  Unsure as to what exactly he was seeing before him, Hank screwed up his hands and, rubbing his eyes, attempted to clear the alcohol-induced cobwebs from his brain.  Defying all comprehension - it was a child – a little girl, no less!  
“Hell, I done passed out, and gone belly up to heaven,” Hank gurgled to himself, “Either that or the unthinkable has happened - Hawk Banks done become a father!  Don’t that just beat all!”  He leaned back, slipped over onto his back and, effortlessly turning his face skyward, closed his eyes and smiled to himself in recognition of Hawk’s newfound good fortune.
At that moment Hawk, arriving with his new family, stumbled onto his friend Hank.  Momentarily grinning down at Hank, Hawk sized up his state of lubrication at a single glance and, kicking him gingerly, called down, “Hey there, Hank!  Hank MacElrae, wake up, sir.  I want you to meet my friends!”
Hank opened his eyes and, smiling lugubriously up at Hawk, inquired off-handedly, “Am I dreamin’ Hawk, or are you carryin’ the sweetest lookin’ little girl I done ever saw in my entire life, right up there on your shoulders?”
“You ain’t dreamin’, sir.  But you are three sheets to the wind drunk as a skunk who done swallered his own perfume,” Hawk volunteered.  
Hank, closing his eyes and nodding in response, grinned with his whole body.
“What’s three sheets to the wind?” Antonia asked.
“Sailor’s term,” Hawk replied gingerly, “Doesn’t really mean anything, just gibberish, meaning exceedingly drunk.  Let’s get this poor hound dog out of here and get him returned to the world of the living, Antonia.”
“Is that within the realm of possibility?” she asked in all seriousness.
“Well, I should hope so, Señora.  This here seemingly sorry excuse for a man is my best friend in this whole disgusting world.  And that in itself makes him worth saving, but in case it doesn’t hit home with you, he’s a genuine hero of the Battle of Bexar!”
Accordingly, off went the small entourage, Hawk half dragging Hank, Antonia attempting unsuccessfully to explain to Teresa what sort of affliction three sheets to the wind might be.


Chapter 10

Winter Sets In

In apprehensive wonder, we saw that boundless sea of fire sweep over the prairie.  The flames leapt closer and closer, dark clouds rose up and rolled slowly over the burning grass.  Leaves, shrubs, grass – everything had gone, nothing remained but an appalling blackness.
-Herman Ehrenberg

The Alamo-Late December, 1835

Hawk, engaged in the never-ending task of improving fortifications, was surprised when word came that Captain Seguin wanted to see him.  Accordingly, he laid his pick axe aside and headed to the commandant’s quarters, where he found Captain Seguin in the company of Colonel Neill.  
“Lieutenant Banks – good!  Please, come in Hawk, we were just discussing a matter of some importance to the army,” said Colonel Neill.
“Yes, sir,” Hawk replied, taking a seat.  “What can I do for you, Colonel?”
“Well, sir, we have some challenges here at Bexar, as I’m sure you know, Mr. Banks.  Food is running low, and morale ain’t much better.  But what’s got me worried the most is the paltry number of troops we will have here when Grant and Johnson head out for Matamoros.  We’ll be down to less than a hundred men here.  General Cos surrendered to us with nearly a thousand well-trained troops.  So I expect it is unlikely that we can defend the Alamo against a Mexican force of significant size.  Captain Seguin here is well connected to the Tejanos in south Texas, as I’m sure you know, and he tells me that the rumors are circulating that the Army of Mexico is concentrating en masse along the Rio Grande as we speak.  I don’t need to tell you, sir, that if these rumors are true, we will be in desperate need of reinforcements much sooner than we had previously anticipated.”
Contemplating this revelation, Hawk rubbed his chin, deep in thought.  He could see where this line of conversation was going, but he thought it best to remain silent for the moment.  
Colonel Neill, seeing that Hawk was not inclined to reply, continued, “Well, sir, Captain Seguin here thinks that you are just the man to head on up to Bastrop in search of reinforcements.  Would that be something that we could entrust to you, sir?”
Hawk was not a man to shirk his duty, but he was thinking on the attachment that he had begun to feel for Señora Perez.  The truth was, he was in no mood to leave San Antonio at the moment.  “Well, sir, I was just wonderin’ why you think that I might be the right person for such a mission?” Hawk replied noncommittally.
Neill, who could sense the reticence in Hawk’s response, was prepared for this possibility.  He responded, “Well, it’s right insightful of you to ask, sir.  Captain Seguin and I have just been discussing that point.  Here is the thing - Captain Seguin could do this job, but he will be heading east to Goliad in search of volunteers.  So we need a second person, and as you have served in the Texas Rangers, Juan here thinks that you could be helpful in attracting volunteers to our cause.  Captain Seguin has another reason for suggesting you.  Juan, could you be telling Hawk here what that reason is?”
Juan cleared his throat and, uncertain as to exactly how to begin, commenced, “Señor Halcón, er, Hawk, I have a delicate matter that I would like to ask your help with.  It seems that Señora Perez has been somewhat mistreated since the end of hostilities here in Bexar.  As I am sure you are aware, many of the volunteers are newcomers to Texas and they have been known to treat all Tejanos as if they were the enemy.  I myself have experienced such treatment on a few occasions, but I can take care of myself.  
“Señora Perez is also perfectly capable of taking care of herself, as I am sure you are aware, but she is concerned for her daughter, Teresa.  She would like to remove her to a place of safety until hostilities have ended.  I have discussed this with her, and it is our mutual view that the best place to go at this time is to Bastrop.  
“She asked me to take her and her daughter there, but I am needed elsewhere.  You, on the other hand, are not, and as you have worked with Señora Perez on other delicate matters, she is willing to be escorted to Bastrop in your company.  We are therefore in need of your help for this mission for not one but indeed two important reasons.”
Hawk, who was truly surprised by Seguin’s revelation, had not anticipated this at all.  He took to scratching his chin again, and, as was his nature when he was baffled, he hawked and spat.  At this, Seguin laughed softly.
“What’re you laughing for, Captain?” Hawk asked in a rather surly way.
“I am sorry, Hawk.  I meant no offense.  It is just that I have observed that whenever you spit, you can be counted on to eventually agree, no matter what the issue.”
“Well, I’ll be.  If that don’t beat all,” Hawk said, having been unaware of his own tendency.  On the verge of hawking yet again, he now resisted the temptation mightily.  Instead, he continued, responding sheepishly, “Well, I must admit, you have me there, sir, since I confess - that is exactly what I was about to do.”
Colonel Neill was by now lost by the conversation, so he put in, “To do exactly what, sir?”
“To agree, sir.  I was about to agree to take on this here assignment,” Hawk said, smiling his compliance.
“Well, that is excellent, if I do say so myself.  Well, then, alright,” Colonel Neill continued, not knowing exactly what to say next.  He paused a second, added congenially, “Alright, Lieutenant Banks, your official orders are to go to Bastrop in search of volunteer reinforcements, and to transport Señora Perez and her daughter with you.”
“Sir, there is one other thing,” Hawk replied.
“Yes, sir.  And what might that be?”
“Well, sir, these are indeed dangerous times.  It is not safe traveling out on the plains in Texas just now, as I’m sure I do not have to say.  Would it be possible for me to take one other man with me, sir?”
Neill paused and reflected for a moment, and then said, “I believe that we could spare one man, sir.  Did you have someone in mind, Hawk?”
“Yes, sir.  I would like to take Hank MacElrae with me if that is alright with you.  Hank is from Bastrop, and he knows the area and some of the folks there, so he may be of use in recruiting.”
“Seems a good choice.  Can we count on Mr. MacElrae to return here with you in due course, sir?  As you know, quite a few of the volunteers have wandered off and failed to return.”
Hawk smiled, responding, “Sir, you have my word that Hank will come back with me.”
“Good, then that is settled.  Hank may go with you on your mission to Bastrop.  Would it be possible for you to leave tomorrow morning, sir?” Captain Neill asked.
“Yes, sir.  We will be off at first light,” and with that Hawk departed to prepare for his mission.

Hank was so excited he almost forgot to hold onto his saddle as they rode out the following morning.  He was going home!  He figured he’d be seeing Julie, and little Auggey, too.  Well, it was almost too much for him to get his mind around.  As they rode out past the gates of the Alamo, the sun was rising off to the southeast, and if anyone had been up at that hour, they would have seen Hank showing off the broadest grin he’d mustered in several months.  And trailing along behind were Hawk, Señora Perez, and the diminutive Teresa.  
Hank thought the little girl was too young to ride a horse, but he turned to be wrong about that.  That little girl could ride, and she kept up with Hawk better than he did.  And Señora Perez, she was just something to see.  She wore a long riding skirt, a white ruffled blouse and a short Mexican style overcoat, together with some really expensive looking riding boots.  It was all topped off by a black Tejano style riding hat that made her look truly regal.  Hank was forced to admit to himself that she was a fine-looking woman, one to rival his own Julie.  
Hawk had a chance to peek back over his shoulder once, when she was looking away, and he caught a glimpse of her silhouetted from behind by the morning sunshine.  Dang if she didn’t look just like an angel.  She was, after all, named after a saint.  
They travelled at a dizzyingly brisk pace.  As time was of the essence, Hawk refrained from his regular daily walk.  And besides, Teresa couldn’t have kept up on foot.  But that little girl could ride like the wind!  At times Hank had troubles keeping up, those three rode so fast.  
It was a fine day for wintertime, and that certainly helped Hank to maintain his upbeat frame of mind throughout the entire day.  By mid-afternoon they had crossed the Guadalupe River.  Off to the west could be seen the great escarpment that seemed to rise up out of the plains.  Out there beyond was nothing but a whole lot of hill country, a no-man’s land where Texians were warned not to go.  But this close to the hills, the river ran clean and clear, a welcome change from the muddy rivers that flowed in East Texas.  
They made it a third of the way to Bastrop with no trouble at all.  That night they camped in a beautiful setting next to a creek, ringed by large oak trees.  The stars were out in a cloudless sky, and the Milky Way was clearly visible for all to see.  
The following morning they awakened to gray threatening skies, accompanied by a north wind and low rushing clouds.  The temperature had already dropped some twenty degrees, and it was apparent that a cold rain would soon be upon them.  
Hawk was bridling Achilles when Hank rushed up beside him, offering pointedly, “Don’t look too good today, I reckon.”
“My thought precisely, Hank.  We’d best be getting on up the trail as quick as possible.  Perhaps we can find us some shelter before the rain is upon us.  This kind of norther can last for two or three days this time of year.  We could get wet and cold, and I don’t need to tell you - that’s a dangerous mix out here on the open prairie.”
“Any towns around about that you know of, Hawk?”
“None that I am aware of,” Hawk responded.  
At this point Antonia rushed over and, having guessed the gist of the conversation, exclaimed abruptly, “I know this area, Señor Halcón.  There are no towns, but Captain Seguin’s ranch is not more than an hour’s ride east of here.  I’ve been there a few times, and it is well equipped.  In addition, there will be several Tejanos working the ranch at this time of year.  We should make for there as quickly as possible.  I am worried for Teresa.”
Hawk didn’t need to think on that for long, responding, “Right, Señora.  Let’s get moving right away.”
Hank was nonplussed by this ‘Señor’ and ‘Señora’ formality.  Everybody back in Bexar figured that something was going on between these two, but he saw no point in belaboring the absurdity of such terminology, especially in the midst of an approaching storm.  He had more important problems to deal with, and it wouldn’t be long before they grew considerably more difficult.
They rode out quickly, striking a pace that made that of the previous day feel to Hank like a picnic stroll.  He figured at the rate they were going they’d make Seguin’s place in no more than an hour.  But that was not to be.  Within five minutes, raindrops began pelting them ferociously, the north wind driving them in near-horizontal torrents.  To make matters worse, the temperature continued dropping rapidly.  Hank figured it couldn’t be much above freezing by now.  A tad colder, and this nasty rain would turn to snow.  
Hank figured that would be better than this chilling rain, but if it turned to freezing rain, that could be life-threatening.  Within minutes that is exactly what happened – it turned to a mixture of snow and freezing rain, and the wind was blowing so hard that little Teresa lost her hat.  The wind buffeting them furiously, they spent a good five minutes trying to find that hat, the snow by then pelting down so fast that you couldn’t see but twenty feet.  
But they had to find that hat.  Being caught without a hat in this sort of weather was really dangerous.  At any rate, they found the hat, then halted beneath a copse of trees for a few moments to catch their breath and reconnoiter.  
By now Hank had to yell to be heard from five feet away.  “Hawk!”  He shouted, and then again, “Hawk!”
Hawk, turning in his saddle, screamed, “What, Hank!  What do you want?”
“I can’t see a damn thing!  The snow and ice are blinding me, hittin’ me square in the eyeballs.  Maybe we should stop here!”
Hawk’s mustache was by now white, looking comical in what little light there was.  He spat, then turned to the Señora and yelled, “Antonia, what do you think? How far is it?”
“Hawk, we’re close, I can tell!  I recognize these trees.  It’s not far,” she screamed back, adding, “We can’t stay here!  We’ll die!”
“Agreed!  Which way?” Hawk yelled.
“That way!” Antonia pointed, yelling as loud as she possibly could.  Hank could barely hear her say, “Listen, there’s a fence right here somewhere.  You grab Teresa’s reins and make sure you hold on tight!  Follow me, and if I can find that fence, we’ll survive.  Follow me!”
All four set out, staying as close to one another as possible.  By now, visibility was less than ten feet, the temperature continuing to plummet.  Within seconds Antonia rode directly into a fence, whereupon her horse stopped, unsure what to do next.  
“This is it!” Antonia yelled out.  “Follow me!”  She turned her horse north, straight into the teeth of the storm, and rode from view, following the fence.  Hank followed as quickly as he could, with Hawk immediately behind, gripping the reins of Teresa’s horse for dear life.  
Within moments, their horses carried them directly up to a huge hacienda style house.  The storm was so bad, they didn’t even see it until they were directly upon it.  As quickly as possible, they dismounted and staggered into the house, without even waiting for permission to enter.  There were several Tejanos inside, all shocked to see these white apparitions come stumbling into the house in the middle of such a dangerous storm.
“Señora Perez!” a middle aged man blurted out in amazement.
“Luis, thank God!” she replied, embracing him tightly.  
“What in the name of God are you doing out in such a storm, Señora?” the man inquired fearfully.
“I will explain that later, Luis.  First we must get Teresa warm.  Please!  Get her some warm clothes and stoke the fire.  She is freezing!”
“Si, Señora,” he responded, setting about the task at hand.  
Hank turned to Hawk, exclaimed, “That was surreal, positively surreal.  We couldn’ve been more’n a hundred yards from this house, and I would not have been able to find it if I’d had a rope tied directly to the front door!  I ask you, how’d she do that?”
“I do not know, sir, but I am damn sure happy she did,” replied Hawk.
“Well, that Señora doubtless has a really fine connection with the Good Lord, I’m thinking,” said Hank.  
“Wouldn’t doubt it, sir.  Wouldn’t doubt it at all,” Hawk replied in agreement.  “We’d best get the horses to the barn, I reckon, or they’ll die out there.”
“The barn!  What barn?” answered Hank.  “You couldn’t prove by me that there’s a barn out there.  Sure ain’t no way to see it from here!  Heck, it could’ve blown halfway to Tampico by now in this storm!”
Antonia interrupted their conversation with, “Luis, please ask Roberto to get the horses into the barn, quickly!”
“Si, Señora,” and off went Luis.  
Antonia was by now wrapping Teresa in a serape and a blanket that Luis had given her.  Teresa looked cold, but she seemed to be responding well.
The immediate danger was over - they had found shelter from the storm.  Now they needed only to stay warm and ride it out.
The following morning dawned cold, windy and gray, but the sleet, snow, and freezing rain had ended.  Despite this, it didn’t take a genius to see that travel was out of the question.  To complicate matters, Teresa had developed a rasping cough during the night.  
Hank found Hawk in the kitchen drinking morning coffee, in heated conversation with Antonia.  “I don’t care how sick she is, Antonia,” Hawk exclaimed gruffly, “We can’t risk taking her out on the prairie in conditions like this!”
Antonia glared back and, eyes flashing menacingly, shot back a bristling reply, “She is not your child, Señor!  Otherwise you would view the situation differently.”
It was clear to Hank that Hawk was hurt by this statement, but he said nothing.  There was no winning with Señora Perez in her current state of duress.  
As if sensing his reticence, she continued, querying fearfully, “What if it’s pneumonia, Hawk?  What then?  She needs a doctor, and she needs one before things get worse!”
“Just give it a few hours, Señora,” he replied haltingly.  It was obvious to Hank that even the self-assured Hawk Banks was intimidated by this strong-willed woman.  
Hawk continued half-heartedly, “By afternoon perhaps both the weather and Teresa will be in better shape for us to travel.”
“We shall see, Señor Halcón.  We shall see,” she responded sternly.  
And so they waited.  Hank did not like being cooped up in a house on the prairie in the middle of the winter with these two.  He could only compare it to being confined in a cage with a coyote and a rattle snake.  Sooner or later – something was bound to happen - and Hank was pretty certain that it would not be pretty.
Around mid-afternoon, the sun broke through the clouds.  After that there was no stopping Antonia.  Hank could hear her arguing with Hawk in the other room.  Finally, Hawk came through the door with a dejected look on his face and said, “Come on, Hank.  Let’s get things ready to go.  We’re headin’ out for Bastrop.”
Hank felt like saying something to the effect that this was insane, sick child or no, but he could see that there was no winning this confrontation.  Where women were concerned, Hank had enough experience to know that if there was a child in the bargain, employing logic was a lost cause.  So he headed out to the barn to saddle up the horses in preparation of their imminent departure.  
Within a half hour they were in the saddle again.  It was still quite cold, but the wind had died down, and the sunlight had begun to melt the thin layer of snow and ice that had formed during the previous night.  It was actually a beautiful winter scene to Hank’s way of thinking, but that still didn’t make it good for travel.  
On the bright side, Teresa was bundled up nicely, and she appeared to be faring much better than she had during the previous night.  They quickly progressed northeast, but they didn’t make it more than ten miles before the evening overtook them and they were forced to make camp for the night.  
As they dismounted, Hawk indicated to Hank that he should get together some firewood, and for some reason Hawk rode off to the northwest.   Hank had no clue what Hawk was doing.  He just assumed that Hawk had some personal business to take care of.  
Hank set about preparing camp for the evening while Antonia tended to Teresa, attempting to make the child comfortable and warm for the cold night ahead.  A half hour later, Hawk came riding into camp at full speed, jumped from his horse and screamed breathlessly, “Everybody, get your horses ready!  We have to ride out of here immediately!  There’s Indians out there, and we have to find cover or we’re all dead!”
Hearing this, Hank ran for his horse as quickly as possible.  Recalling the woman on the cliff, he knew that Hawk wouldn’t be joking about such a thing.  Antonia, grabbing Teresa, dashed for the horses.  Hawk swept up as much of the camp gear as he could, and all four were in their saddles within seconds, riding east at a dead run.  
Tinges of evening light still lacing the sky, Hank could make out the outline of a bluff off to the east.  “Where we headed, too, Hawk?” he yelled above the sound of racing hooves.
“Looks like a bluff, or a cliff, off there to the east, Hank.  I think it’s the San Marcos River.  The Ranger map says it’s around here somewhere.  We have to find cover.  We need protection on one side, or we’ll be dead before morning.  Just keep ridin’!  Follow me, and don’t let them two out of your sight!”
They rode full speed for what seemed an eternity, but it couldn’t have been more than a few minutes, horses incapable of sprinting hard for long.  Fortunately, they came to a steep bank, and below it a small river.  On the other side of the creek there was a cliff, carved from sandstone by thousands of years of water flowing, and the cliff was maybe thirty feet high.  At the base of the cliff there were some rocks that flowed right down to the river.  Hawk rode his horse right into the freezing water, which fortunately wasn’t more than a couple of feet deep this time of year, and signaled the others to follow.  
He rode right up to the far bank, jumped from his horse, and shot the poor creature on the spot.  The horse went down, not three feet from the rocks on the far bank, Hawk motioning the others to follow.  Hank was first.  He rode right across and Hawk grabbed his horse’s reins, motioning to Hank to get off.  He dragged the horse over to where the other one had fallen and immediately shot it as well.  
Hank, no longer in doubt as to the prowess of his amazing companion, recognized immediately exactly what he was about.  Antonia and Teresa followed.  Hawk enacted the same feat with their horses, and by the time he had finished killing them, he had constructed a mound three feet tall composed of dead horses.  He then began grabbing the largest boulders he could find and, tossing them into a pile at one end, he quickly completed an entirely unnatural line of defense.  
All the while, Hawk shouted commands, “Get all the food off those horses!  Pull it behind this here mound!  Get the blankets!  Keep your heads down!  They’ll be here any second!”
Hank was exhausted just listening to Hawk, but he nonetheless did exactly as he was instructed.  
For her part, Antonia simply sat down within the tiny fortress, inquiring to Hank, “Does he know what he’s doing?”
“Ma’am, I mean, Señora, I ain’t in no position to disagree with him, no matter whether he knows what he’s doing or not.  I seen him in action with Indians before, and I’d sooner be protected by Hawk Banks out on the open prairie than any other man alive!”
Antonia, observing it all, held Teresa tightly, smirking incongruously.  Their defenses now completed, she said, “Damn fool shot the horses!  And for what, I don’t see any Indians!  Now we’re out here in the middle of nowhere with no means of getting to Bastrop!  Why did you shoot the horses, Señor?”
“I should think that was obvious, Señora.  Those Indians are after horses most of all.  Killing our mounts makes us much less appealing, and using them for a barrier is standard planning in the Texas Rangers.”
“See?  I told you so!” Hank said triumphantly to Antonia.
“Shut up!” Hawk ordered, “I hear something.  Be quiet!”
The four went dead silent.  They listened.  They watched.  The night was absolutely soundless, as in a great void.  There was not a single sound to be heard.  The sky had cleared, and a full moon was rising.  Hawk waited silently, as did they.
Antonia, unable to stand it longer, whispered doubtfully, “I don’t hear anything at all!”
“Shshsh!” Hawk spat back.  They continued to wait for what seemed an eternity.
Then suddenly, there came a single wail of a coyote from off in the distance.  All else was silent.  Then the wail of a second coyote was heard from another direction.  
“That’s them,” Hawk whispered.
“That’s who?” Antonia queried.
“Indians,” Hank said softly.  “They ain’t coyotes.  They’re Indians – Comanches.”
Suddenly, an arrow came zinging in from the south, sounding a dull whump as it struck one of the dead horses.  Then another arrow flew in, striking harmlessly off the rocks above.  
“What’re they up to, Hawk?” Hank queried naively.
“They’re just informing us that they have us surrounded,” Hawk replied laconically. 
“How many are there?”
“I counted six before it got too dark.”
“Oh, my God!  Six of ‘em.  This don’t look good to me, Hawk,” Hank overstated.
“I’m in agreement with you there, Hank, my man,” Hawk muttered, “But we’ve been through worse, and we’re still alive.  Right now we just got to get through this night, I’d say.  Then we’ll see how things shape up tomorrow.”
It was a long night.  The Indians tried pushing rocks down the rock face, but it was too steep, causing them to bounce off the cliff walls and bound into the creek.  They tried shooting at the four, but Hawk had them quite well protected with the tiny fortress he had built.  They tried burning them out with fire, but the weather had made everything too cold and wet along the river bank.   In the end, the sun rose the following morning without a projectile having reached its intended target on either side.
The day began to warm quickly, as so often occurs a couple of days after a bad winter storm on the prairie, but that was the only good news.  It now appeared to Hank that the Indians had decided to lay siege to them.  They were just going to wait them out, starving them until they gave up or became too weak to fight.  Then God only knew what they would do with them.  
Time dragged interminably along, morning giving way to afternoon.  Hank was beginning to get hungry.  Their slim supply of food hadn’t gone very far, quite a bit having been lost in the creek when the horses had gone down.  
But then a curious thing happened - one of the Indians appeared on the opposite bank of the creek.  He was carrying a white flag.  Hank thought this was curious indeed.  
The Indian called out, “Hawk-who-spits!  We know you!  We make deal.  We give you very good deal.  You give us child, we go away.  Very good deal for you.  What you think, Hawk-who-spits?”
“What the,” Hank said.  “How do they know you, Hawk?”
“I can only think of one way - Buffalo Hump must be with them.  And if he is, we’re in big trouble.”
At that moment, Antonia grabbed Hawk’s rifle and fired at the Indian.  She missed, the Indian scampering back up the bank and out of sight.  A muffled voice emanated from the bushes, calling, “You think on deal, Hawk-who-spits.  You think!  You give answer by sunset!  If no answer, we kill you this night, and we take both - woman and child!  You think, Hawk-who-spits!”
“Son of a bitch!” Hawk blurted out caustically.  He just shook his head and looked across at the bank where the Indian had disappeared.
Antonia rose up and screamed, “Damn their souls!” at which an arrow came flying in, missing her by inches.  She ducked down quickly, but continued yelling, “I’ll kill them all!”
Without thinking, Hank said, “You and who, Señora?  That’s all I’d like to know!”
Antonia slapped him so hard his ears rang.  Hawk, recalling the same thing happening to him, grabbed her hand before she had time to strike Hank a second time.  “Stop it!” he said.  “Save it for those heathens, Antonia!  Save it!”
Antonia collapsed, sobbing, but she continued staring defiantly at the opposite bank, as if looks could kill.  For a moment, Hank wasn’t sure who he was more afraid of - the Indians - or her. 
As neither alternative proposed by their attackers was palatable, Hawk spent the remainder of the day preparing for the inevitable nocturnal attack.  While Hank’s supposition that the simplest thing for the Indians to do was to wait, Hawk reasoned that they would not do this.  Comanches had a strange code of conduct, and Buffalo Hump, if he was indeed accompanying the group that attacked them, had one of the strangest codes of all.  
Hawk had encountered him before, and he was relatively certain that Buffalo Hump would egg his fellow braves on, driving them to demonstrate their bravery, while he would sit back in relative safety, observing their antics.  Buffalo Hump was truly sinister, of that Hawk was certain.  Accordingly, Hawk contemplated how he would respond if his manhood were questioned by Buffalo Hump, and that was when he hit on a defensive strategy that he hoped might do the trick.  
When night fell, the moon was nowhere to be found.  A band of clouds had appeared, reducing visibility from the previous night.  Hawk pulled Hank aside and discussed strategy with him.  “Look here, Hank.  It appears that Antonia will be of little use here.  She’s lost sight of herself.  She is more than likely terrified of the possibility of her and Teresa falling into the hands of the heathens.  
“So here is what I need for you to do.  You take these two rifles here and you make sure she doesn’t get her hands on either one.  Keep your knife ready, and don’t let her touch it either.  If she gets to thinking we’re not winning, she’s entirely capable of killing both herself and the child, I reckon.  Now, I also carved this stick to a sharp point.  You keep it handy.  All totaled, you have four weapons.  You can kill four of them if your timing is right.”
“What the crap are you talkin’ ‘bout, Hawk?  Me?  Kill four Comanches?  Are you out of your mind?  I doubt I could kill even one of them red-skinned devils!  And where are you gonna be during all of this killin’ I’m supposed to be doin’, that there is what I’d like to know!”
“Shhhsh!  You’re talkin’ too loud, they’ll be hearing what you’re saying, you darn fool,” Hawk whispered back.  
“Well?” Hank whispered, still awaiting an answer to his question.
“I’m gonna crawl up on that ledge about twelve feet up there above us.  You see that?  It’s not more than two feet wide, but it’s just right for me to get the jump on them, I reckon.”
“How the heck you gonna get up there?” was all Hank could think of to ask.  Never mind whether it made any strategic sense.
“You leave that to me,” Hawk replied, “I’ll get up there.”
“But won’t they see you?”
“I doubt that.  First thing is, they’re most likely drinking as we speak.  They’re obliged to do their dancing and drinking to get up their courage.  They’ll be doing that at this moment.  And they won’t see me because we got lucky and it’s clouded up tonight.  So I’ll be perched up there, and if they come running at us, most likely from that direction over yonder, we’ll get the drop on ‘em for sure.  Got it?”
“Right, I’m beginning to see it all now, sir.  You got it into your head that this here is a turkey shoot, Mr. Hawk Banks.  Well, if that don’t beat all!  Only thing I’m wondering is, which ones is the turkeys - them or us?”
“We shall see, soon enough.  We shall see,” was all the response that Hank got back, and at that, Hawk crawled off into the brush and started inching his way up the face of the cliff.  
It wasn’t until Hawk had disappeared that Hank realized that Hawk had only one rifle with him.  Hank wanted to go after him and ask him how in tarnation they were going to kill six Indians with three rifles between them.  Surely he didn’t think that Hank could really pick off four of them, armed with two rifles, a knife and a piece of wood!  Five hours later, Hank was still pondering that issue when he drifted off to sleep.
Hank dreamed that he was in hand-to-hand combat with a giant snake, which was pretty interesting, seeing as how snakes had no hands.  Anyway, just as he was about to valiantly strike the snake’s head off with his magic sword, a pebble struck him right in the throat and knocked him clean awake.  He was lying face up, so he could see Hawk’s face staring down at him from above.  Hawk wasn’t moving an inch and, sensing that meant something serious was about to unfold, he rolled over, stared across the creek, and raised his rifle just in time to see an apparition rise up directly before him.  Without thinking, he fired the rifle, striking the Indian squarely in the chest and, the man falling directly on top of Hank, thereby pinned him to the ground.  Hank was now unable to move, having been rendered completely immobile by the corpse sprawled on top of him.
The second Indian came directly behind the first, but this one was killed by a massive rock that struck him on the head.  He was killed instantly.  The third Indian, who was a bit farther back, raised his rifle, and was about to shoot Hank when he, too was, struck in the head by a massive rock.  The fourth Indian now raced forward, and his rifle raised, he aimed as if to shoot Hank right between the eyes.  Hank could tell that he was too far for Hawk to get him with a big rock, so he closed his eyes and awaited the inevitable feel of bullet striking bone, but instead, when the shot was fired he felt nothing.  Opening his eyes, he saw that the Indian had been shot by Hawk from the ledge above.  Hawk then leaped from the ledge, shooting the fifth Indian with Hank’s other rifle.  It was all over in less than a minute, the sixth Indian having apparently decided not to attack.  
Antonia was by now screaming at the top of her lungs, wailing like a lost child.  Teresa simply watched it all unfold, stricken with a look of silent terror .  Hank was still struggling to get the dead Indian off of him when Hawk tugged him free.  
“What the…how the…damn!  You done killed four Indians, Hawk Banks!”
“Shhhhhsh!” Hawk whispered cryptically.  “That other one is still around.  And if it’s Buffalo Hump, and my guess is that it is, we need to be minding ourselves.  So just sit tight, and start loading those two weapons.  If it is Buffalo Hump, then we’re most likely safe so long as he doesn’t know we haven’t a loaded weapon between us.  He’s not prone to go charging into unknown odds like these fools did.  So I’m hoping that it is indeed Buffalo Hump, because in that case, we’re on the high end of this skirmish, at least till morning.”
Hank quickly loaded the two rifles, faster than he had ever loaded two weapons in his entire life.  While he was doing that, Hawk loaded the third, then slapped Antonia, not too hard, but hard enough to shut her up.  
“Now listen to me, Señora,” he whispered, “If you can see your way to stop that whimpering, we might just survive till morning.  Do you think you can do that for me?  And for your child?”
At this plea, Antonia immediately ceased wailing.   All was suddenly silent.  Not a sound could be heard.  After a few moments, there was heard a song from the cliff above.  Hank recognized the refrain.  It was the same song he’d heard once before, and the singer was also one in the same – Buffalo Hump. 
Two hours later morning dawned cloudy and cool.  They were still within their fortress, still surrounded by four dead horses, now accompanied by five dead Indians.  It was not the sort of scene that brings pleasant thoughts.
“Dang,” Hank said to himself as he surveyed the carnage of the previous night.  “I sure wouldn’t want to die that way - head caved in by a boulder.  That is positively sinister if you ask me,” but he couldn’t stop staring at the Indian not six feet from him, eyes bulging in death.  Finally, tearing his gaze away, he inquired, “Can we go now, Hawk?  Surely that Buffalo Hump has given up by now.”
“No, sir, absolutely not.  That heathen is the meanest son-of-a-bitch I have ever encountered in my entire life.  And he possesses a streak of evil brilliance the likes of which you cannot imagine.  We sit here tight, because I can assure you that by himself he is more dangerous by a long shot than those five we killed last night.”
“You mean – you killed last night!”
“No sir, you count back, Hank.  You killed the first one, and I was counting on that.  There was no way I could have taken all five.  You did your part, Hank!”
“You mean that whole thing was planned?”
“Of course,” was Hawk’s only reply.
Hank wanted to ask if Hawk had planned for the first Indian to fall on top of Hank, rendering him completely helpless, but he decided that was an issue to discuss at a more opportune time.
Antonia, who seemed to have regained her senses with the new day, volunteered, “Teresa is getting better.  She just had a cold, I think.”
“That’s good,” Hawk said laconically, and his abruptness spoke volumes.
“I am truly sorry, Señor Halcón,” she now offered placatingly.  “You were correct.  We should have stayed at Señor Seguin’s ranch.  This whole mess is my fault,” and it was clear to Hank that she was trying to make amends.  
Hawk was another matter.  He just glared at her.  Finally, he hawked, spat, and blurted out, “Señora, I certainly am no friend to these dead heathens surrounding us, but had you been in a little bit less of a hurry, and more inclined to listen to reason, I expect that these five brave men before us would be alive at this very moment.  There are doubtless families of these men who will be sorely unhappy upon hearing of their demise,” and, having spoken thusly, Hawk paused and gave Antonia a piercing glance, adding, “Perhaps the next time I give you advice, you will be more favorably disposed to accept it.”
Antonia stared at him and, eyes glistening, a tear trickled down her cheek.  She whispered, “Next time, yes Señor.  Please, I beg of you.  If you will be so kind as to allow me the honor of a next time, I shall in turn give you my word that I will try my best to do better.”  She gazed pleadingly at Hawk, repeating, “Please, Señor.”
“Aw, hell,” Hawk said, grabbing her and, pulling her to him, wrapped her in a great bear hug.  “You’ve been through enough without me making it worse on you.  Let’s just forget it and concern ourselves with getting to Bastrop.  Alright?”
“Alright,” she replied softly, wiping a final telltale tear from her cheek.  
“Good,” Hawk announced, his demeanor implying that there was an end to it.  “First thing we need to do is find the whereabouts of the sixth Indian, who I presume is Buffalo Hump.  I am going to do a bit of reconnoitering.  The three of you stay here till I get back, you hear?”
“Got it,” Hank replied.  Antonia, who was obviously in no position to disagree, simply nodded her concurrence.  
Hawk set off to see what he could determine.  He was back within five minutes, announcing pleasantly, “Everybody, come on out.  We’ve got company, and better company I’ve never been happier to see!”
“Who is it,” Hank asked, frowning in confusion.  
“We are blessed with the arrival of the Grey Company from South Carolina, come to help out at the Alamo!  They’re right over the ridge there, about thirty of ‘em.”
“What about Buffalo Hump?” Hank queried, still confused.
“Oh, he’ll be long gone by now.  That scoundrel can feel thirty men coming from ten miles off.  Those Indians got a sixth sense, and his is easily the keenest I’ve laid eyes on.  He’d never take on a big party like the Grey’s.”
The three immediately piled out of the little fortress, which by now had begun to develop a distinct odor of death.  As all three were cramped from two days in such a small space, they required a moment to unkink their tired and hungry bodies.  
“I’m hungry!” Teresa said suddenly, she seemingly the first to completely recover.
“Well, you just come right up here, little lady, and I’ll get you over to those soldiers there as quick as a jack rabbit.  And we’ll get you fed,” Hawk said with a big grin, and so saying, he swept her up onto his shoulders.  
“What about my mama?” Teresa asked from her lofty perch.
“Why, don’t you be worrying at all about the Señora.  She and Hank will be following along directly behind us.”  The party of four approached the Grey’s who were surprised to see such a disheveled looking party out here on the prairie.
Arriving shortly after Hawk, Hank overheard the conversation.  “You say it was Comanches?” the soldier inquired.
“Yes, sir, that it was,” Hawk responded.  “Hank, Antonia, this here is Major Bonham of the South Carolina Grey’s, come with his men here to support the Texas Revolution.  And this here lovely young lady is Teresa.”
“Pleased to meet you all,” Major Bonham replied, tipping his hat formally.
It was apparent to Hawk that here were the reinforcements that he had been sent to enlist.  Furthermore, the loss of all four of their horses made it impossible for them to continue without assistance from the Grey’s.  Thinking thusly, he suggested, “Look here, Major Bonham, I have been sent on my current assignment by Colonel Neill, the commanding officer at Bexar, to locate reinforcements.  You and your men seem to be the answer to our prayers.  
“But I do have one other assignment, and that is to transport Señora Perez and her daughter to Bastrop.  She has done the Army of Texas great service, and I am attempting to get her out of harm’s way during this conflict.  Unfortunately, we were set upon by Comanche’s two days ago, and in the course of our escape we lost our horses.  
I would therefore be greatly in your debt if you could supply us with horses so that I might continue on to Bastrop.  And in due course I will return to San Antonio with your horses.  Would that be possible, sir?”
“Well, sir, we are a bit short on horses at the moment,” Bonham responded, “We have but three pack horses for our party, and they are run down by our lengthy journey.  But I expect that we could provide you with those three.  Would that do, sir?”
“That would do nicely, and I would be greatly in your debt, sir.”
“I am wondering,” Bonham continued, “I believe I heard you say that you intended to protect the Señora here from harm.  If that is the case, then I believe that you will be wanting to know that there has been a general uprising of the Comanche’s around Bastrop.  The locals informed us upon our passage through there that the current hostilities between the Indians and the locals made it unsafe to remain in Bastrop.  I am just telling you this - it may not be the right place for her to go just now if you are attempting to find a safe haven for her.”
“Oh!  I was not aware of that,” Hawk said.
Hank was clearly disturbed by this, so much so that he put in, “Did you happen to pass through the area east of Bastrop?”
“Why, yes sir, we did,” Bonham replied.
“My farm is east of Bastrop, just five miles along the road running over to Washington-on-the-Brazos.  Did you notice a farm in those parts?”
“Well, sir, we saw several farms.  I’m not really sure which one that would be, but they all seemed to be abandoned to us.  What did you say your name was?”
“MacElrae, Hank MacElrae,” Hank responded.  
Bonham scratched his head and said, “Name doesn’t ring a bell.  But that could be a good thing.  I’d have heard had anything untoward happened to the folks by that name.  Is your family there, sir?”
“Well, they were when I left in October.  I don’t rightly know where they are now,” Hank responded despondently.
“I wish I could tell you more, sir, but I just do not know their whereabouts.”
“I understand,” Hank said.  “Hawk,” he continued, turning to face Hawk, “I need to be gettin’ on home to check on Julie and Auggey.”
“I understand,” Hawk said succinctly.  He now turned to Bonham and said, “We’ll be taking those three horses now if that is alright with you, sir.”
Hawk and Hank began preparing to depart for Bastrop when one of the Grey’s came running up to Major Bonham and yelled, “Indians!  Major, look off to the east there!  They’ve started a prairie fire!  Dang, what are those heathens up to?”
Hawk surveyed off in the direction the man was pointing, and sure enough, a prairie fire was already growing, and beginning to develop into a major fire, cutting them off from Bastrop.  As he watched, he could see a distinctive figure racing bareback across the prairie, spreading the fire with a large bundle of flaming prairie grass strung from a rope behind his horse.  “Damn!  It’s Buffalo Hump!” he yelled.
“Who?”  Bonham responded.
“Buffalo Hump,” Hawk repeated, “He’s a Comanche brave we tangled with back yonder along that creek.  He’s the meanest Indian I’ve ever come across.  You can bet he didn’t start that prairie fire just for the fun of it.  We have quite a large party of men here, and like as not he’s protecting something or somebody that’s on the other side of that fire he’s building.  He’s sending us a message to back off, and he’s not alone.”
“He’s not?” Bonham responded, looking bewildered.
“Nope.  Look off to the southeast there.  I count seven, maybe eight braves.  See there?” and he pointed.
“I don’t see nothin’,” Bonham answered.
“I see them,” Hank said.  “And there’s three more off further to the north there!” and he now pointed as well.
“Well, I’ll be,” Hawk said.  “It’s a damn good thing those other braves weren’t with Buffalo Hump a couple of days ago.  We’d be dead by now.  In fact, I’ll bet he went off and rounded those braves up to catch us for killing his five buddies last night.”
“You killed five Comanches?” Bonham asked doubtfully.
Hank interjected, admitting, “Not me, Hawk done killed ‘em.  I was just a helpless witness.”
Bonham now looked even more surprised, but he had by now begun to believe this unlikely story, for he followed with, “What do you recommend that our course of action should be, Mr. Banks?”
“Well, sir, I do believe that we are now cut off from traveling to Bastrop.  And if you ask me, that is just fine, since as you have so aptly pointed out, it isn’t safe there right now anyway.  Furthermore, that prairie fire is going to make it even more difficult to feed these poor horses, so I expect we had better all turn around and head directly for Bexar.”
Hank lurched forward at this, exclaiming forcefully, “No sir, I ain’t gonna do it!  I got to get home and find Julie!”
“You heard the man, Hank.  She’s not there.  She’s either dead, or she’s gone off to escape this Indian uprising.  In either case, there’s no point in heading back to Bastrop.”
Hank was even more adamant, screaming, “SHE AIN’T DEAD!  I can feel it inside me.  I know she’s alive!”
“Well, I hope that your insides are correct, my friend,” Hawk rejoined, “But I cannot let you go off looking for her under the current circumstances!”
“I’m going with him!” Antonia screamed, joining the revolt.
“No, you’re not!” Hawk screamed back at her.
“The hell you say!”  Hank yelled and turned for the horse he had been preparing to mount.  He jumped on the horse, but he had failed to notice that Hawk had already prepared for this possibility and, just as he tugged the reins to ride out, Hawk roped him.  Hank slid off his horse slicker than a pat of butter on a wet window.  He hit the ground hard, so hard that Hawk feared he’d been hurt.  
Hank rolled over turgidly, appearing momentarily winded, then suddenly jerked upright and heaved on the rope with all his might, yanking Hawk right off his feet.  Antonia, by now toting a whip, dashed over and started whipping Hawk.  Major Bonham, surprised by the unfolding scene, simply froze in his tracks.  
Hawk, apparently unharmed, stood up, grabbed Antonia as if she were a twig and tugged the whip away.  Holding her with one hand at arm’s length, as if she were a puppet, he dusted himself off with the other, all the while glaring at Hank.  Throughout the playing out of this bizarre scene, the prairie fire, now no more than fifty yard distant, continued to expand and intensify.  
Hank now pulled the rope from about himself and turned to face Hawk.  Launching himself full force directly into Hawk’s massive chest, the pair went down and rolled over and over two, then three times.  Still within Hawk’s grasp, Antonia went down with them.  All three now covered with dirt from head to foot, Hank dragged Hawk to his feet and struck him right in the face with the biggest punch he could muster.  Hawk shrugged and, launching a blow of his own, knocked Hank off his feet.  
It was all over in seconds, Hawk having pinned Hank down, trussing him up tighter than a yellow jacket in a black widow’s parlor.  Hank lay flat out, completely exhausted, unable to move an inch.  Hawk, turning back to Antonia, dragged her to her feet, tying her hands before her.  Although she squirmed a bit, it was obvious that resistance was futile.
Hawk now inquired with incongruous civility, “Major Bonham, I would appreciate it if you could have your men help me to place my two friends here on those two horses.  And then we will all be heading away from that approaching prairie fire, and back up the trail to Bexar.”
From behind him, Hank’s muffled voice exclaimed, “I ain’t never goin’ to forgive you for this!” 
For her part, Antonia simply stood stoically, shoulders back, staring furiously at Hawk.
“Shut up!”  Hawk shouted.  “Now let’s get out of here, before Buffalo Hump figures out just how ill-prepared this party is and decides to have us all for dinner tonight!”  
At this, the entire group swung into action, and within seconds they were riding quickly toward the southwest. 


Chapter 11

Preparing for the Coming Upheaval

The foreigners who are making war against the Mexican nation, violating all laws, are not deserving of any consideration, and for that reason no quarter will be given them.
-Santa Anna

Near Laredo-Early January, 1836

General Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna was still furious, even after a full month since San Antonio had fallen.  To add insult to injury, he himself was named after the saint by that name.  He stared maliciously at his brother-in-law.  There was a long silence as he glared at General Cos, outwardly motionless before him, but inwardly squirming beneath his stony gaze.  Santa Anna understood the military significance of making a general squirm.  He therefore let the silence drag out a few more moments.  As demanded by military custom, Cos grimly stared straight ahead.  
Santa Anna now spoke derisively, “So, my esteemed brother-in-law, what have you to say for yourself?”
“It is a great pleasure to see you, Excellency,” was all that Cos could think of in response.  He remained at attention before Santa Anna, aware that this was not to be a social visit.
Santa Anna once again resorted to silence, allowing Cos to squirm yet longer.  “You have disgraced the Army of Mexico, General,” he said, and this last was said softly, seemingly without malice.
Conscious that Santa Anna was at his most dangerous when he was in this mood, Cos remained silent, resigned to his fate.  Santa Anna eventually added, “What would you have me do with you, general?  How can I appease the Mexican people for this shame you have brought upon us?”
Cos responded, prepared for this line of attack, “Sir, I am in your hands.  I request only to be given the honor of serving my people in whatever way you deem appropriate.”
“Honor…Honor!!!” Santa Anna exploded.  “You speak to me of honor!  You, who have disgraced your uniform.  You should be dead on the battlefield, you and your entire army!”  Santa Anna paused for good measure.  “By all rights I should have you shot.  No, that is too good for you.  I should have you placed in a dungeon with rats.  But even that is too good.  Instead, I think that I shall have you restored to the army so that you may properly meet your appointed fate.”
“But sir,” Cos now rejoined, “I gave my word of honor that I would not take up arms against the Texians!”
“Your word of honor be damned!  Sir, you have no honor!  You will follow me back to Texas, or I will have you executed.  Do I make myself clear, General?”
“Yes, sir!” Cos replied humbly.
“Now get out of my sight, General!”
“Yes, sir,” Cos saluted and retreated from the room.

General Cos was stung by the treatment his brother-in-law had handed out to him.  While it was true that he was El Presidente, he was still just a man.  But Cos had no choice but to accept it.  Santa Anna had given him a poorly trained army, and he was the one to pay for it.  He understood that this was the way things went in the army.  Secretly, he was even a little bit relieved.  He had been forced by the Texians to promise to no longer fight against them, and now he had been forced to recant.  His honor was in tatters on both counts, but now he would at least have the opportunity to restore it.  Such were the fortunes of war.  Bexar now beckoned to him once again. 

San Antonio

The wind blew furiously, and the snow fell in torrents.  Hank had never seen anything like it.  His father had told him about great snow storms back in Scotland, but he’d never experienced more than a few inches at one time.  This was dangerous; this was downright deadly.  In point of fact, this was little short of a matter of survival for everyone in the volunteer army.  How long it would go on, Hank had no idea whatsoever.  
The wind was so brutally loud that nobody could even carry on a conversation.  The card games and drinking had long since subsided.  The men were simply huddling together within the tiny room, trying to use each other for warmth.  Hank had a whiff of some untidy odors, but the wind kept it from being intolerable.  That was the only upside he could think of.
Hank had apologized to Hawk for their fight on the prairie.  He had known that Hawk was right; he just missed Julie and Auggey, and it had clouded his judgment.  Hawk had understood.  Their damaged friendship had subsequently lapsed into an unsettling truce.
Hawk had subsequently managed to talk Hank out of going with Grant and Johnson south on the expedition to Matamoros.  It had seemed like a good idea to Hank, but Hawk had just said, “Those two don’t have any idea what they’re doing.  Neither one of them has ever had any military training of any type.  Riding into enemy territory with such a small force is pure tom foolery.”  
Following Hawk’s advice, Hank had stayed in Bexar, but more than half of the volunteers that had taken San Antonio had left with Grant and Johnson.  Now, as Hank leaned towards the fire, he thought how glad he was that he was not traveling south in this storm.  
To make matters worse, quite a few men had deemed the war to be over, and they had simply set off for home.  The upshot was that there were now less than a hundred Texians remaining in Bexar.  That wouldn’t be near enough if the Mexican Army came back, and Hawk had predicted that they would.  
Thinking to escape a bad situation, Hank had suggested to Hawk that they skedaddle as well.  But Hawk would have no part of it.  “We have plenty of time before the Mexicans come back, Hank.  They won’t be back till spring.”  So Hawk had stayed, but he nonetheless continued to feel a powerful desire to get home and find Julie.
There was one thing that concerned Hank mightily.  The Mexican Army, wherever it was, had to be suffering through the same weather.  Maybe, just maybe, it was worse for them.  After all, some of them might never have even seen snow, much less experienced such a horrible blizzard.  Hank was troubled by it all.  Maybe God was punishing both sides for what they’d done.  But he couldn’t be sure, so he tried hard to turn his mind away from these thoughts.  
Instead, he concentrated on Julie.  He thought on how their last words before he’d left were not how he had wanted them to be.  Having been away from her before, he knew now how much he loved her.  He missed her so terribly.  He didn’t just miss her, he actually needed her deep within his soul.  He understood that better than he ever had before.  And Auggey - he missed him, too.  He wanted to be with them, now, in the warmth of their cabin, by the fire.  There would be a good fire, he was sure.  
He wished he had never left home.  But he knew this was right, painful as it was.  He knew he had to be here at the Alamo, fighting for liberty. 

South Texas

Francisco de la Garza was completely numb from the bitter cold.  The wind was driving through him, and the snow was blowing over him from every direction.  He could only huddle next to his fellow soldiers and try to share warmth from them and the fire.  It was so cold that midway through the night he had thought that he might die.  He had lost the feeling in his fingers and toes, but by continuously shifting and moving, he had been able to avoid falling asleep.  He knew that if he had done so during the night he would have died.  As the following morning dawned, amazingly, only a few soldiers had died during the night.
Now, in the cold rawness of morning it was possible to begin to see just a little.  The snow was knee deep.  It was a struggle just to find enough firewood to keep a fire going.  There was no food at all to eat, and there were a thousand men on this plain.  Francisco felt certain that every one of them was wondering the same thing – what in the name of the Virgin Mary were they doing here!  Why had they not waited until spring to return to Bexar?  Better yet, why were they going back at all?  
After the surrender at the Alamo in December, they had been told that they would all be paroled from the army.  But no, when General Santa Anna had arrived, they had all turned around and headed north yet again.  Francisco despised General Cos.  The man had gone back on his word.  And now here they were, in the middle of nowhere, caught in the worst snow storm that had ever been.  Surely God was sending the army a message.
But then the wind began to let up some, the sun came out, and after an hour, the clouds began to dissipate.  Francisco was awed by the natural beauty everywhere he looked.  The trees looked like giant white apparitions.  The horses and mules were completely covered over with snow.  As far as the eye could see, the world had turned to a soft, glowing, pristine shade of white.  
And as if by magic, the sun struck his medallion, causing it to glow incandescently.  Francisco saw that it was a sign from God.  This natural beauty was a gift that only God could bestow, and it was therefore clear that the army was blessed.  They would survive, and they would go on to Bexar, and to victory – to the much deserved revenge for the embarrassment they had suffered in December.
In the dark recesses of his mind, he could not avoid prurient thoughts of the beautiful Señora Antonia.  Perhaps he would see her again.  Try as he might to push thoughts of her aside, his alter-ego conjured up her image.  It was as if Lucifer himself were inside of Francisco.  He simply could not control his lust.  He would pray, as soon as the weather turned warm again, he would pray to the Virgin Mary.

San Antonio

Hawk finally found the nerve to visit Antonia.  A week had passed since their return to Bexar.  He had spent the entire time hoping that she would come to him, but she had not.  He had thought about her incessantly, so much so that he realized now how much he had come under her spell.  Nonetheless, his only means of gaining the requisite strength to seek her out was to first stoke himself with mescal.  On a clear and cold night, having done so to good measure, he set off for her house in search of fulfillment.  
He knocked on her door and, the door swinging wide after a few moments, she peered out from a dimly lit room.  “Señor Halcón,” she said with just the tiniest hint of pleasure.
“Señora Perez,” Hawk replied with undue formality, “May I come in?”
“To what purpose?” she responded.
“No purpose, just to talk I suppose,” he said tightly.  It was clear by his demeanor that he was pretty far gone on mescal.
“Señor, you are drunk!” she replied, scolding him.
“Si, Señora, I confess my sins,” he responded with an impish grin.
“Señor, I do not wish to see you in your current state of drunkenness,” she responded.  “I am sorry.”  She started to close the door, but Hawk pushed it open.
“But, Señora, I wish to talk to you, something important…” he said with difficulty, finding it necessary to lean against the wall in order to maintain his balance.  The effect of the mescal intensifying rapidly as it coarsed through his body, he mumbled almost incoherently, “I apologize, Señora.  I wanted to see you, but I needed a couple of drinks so as to get up my nerve.”
Antonia was now frowning severely.  “Señor Halcón, I will not speak to you in your current state.  Now please go away!”  And at that she shut the door in his face.  
Hawk was able to reorient himself sufficiently to find the cantina, everything thereafter shrinking to a blur of intense proportions.

Nacogdoches-January

Nate Tucker sat on a flour sack in front of the general store.  It was a fine sunny day in Nacogdoches, a little on the cool side, but not bad for January.  Such a day as this wasn’t possible in Kentucky this time of year.  It was Nate’s day off, and he was feeling expansive.  He had become quite devout after his episode with the devil, so much so that he decided he could on this day risk skipping the Sunday service down the street.  
Lately, he’d had a quandary every Sunday.  He didn’t want to leave Mephistopheles alone, but at the same time, he felt that taking a critter with such a name to church was blasphemous.  Reminded thusly, he reached into his pocket to feel for Mephistopheles.  Sure enough, he was right there.  
Things had been going great for Nate ever since he had befriended the creature.  He had to admit that Mephistopheles had become his best friend.  He never complained, and he sort of went into a trance whenever Nate rubbed his tummy.  “Why couldn’t women be that way?”  He thought to himself.  
He was contemplating the deep psychological significance of his own question when he noticed a large group of men riding into town from the north.  He could tell by their dress that they were from Tennessee.  Nate liked Tennesseans alright, but only up to a point.  In his view they were overly proud.  He couldn’t put his finger on it, but it just seemed that every one of them oozed some smug sense of self importance, as if they were from the promised land.  Confronted with such behavior, he invariably wondered to himself, “If they come from the promised land, how could it be promised if they’d done left it?”  But such thoughts never seemed to have an answer, so he pushed it aside, and frowned at the group as they rode directly up to him.
A large man in the front of the group leaned down off of his horse and, stepping up on the walk, announced affably, “Good morning, sir.  And a fine morning it is.  My companions and I have just arrived in Texas from Tennessee.  Would you know where we might sign up for the revolution?”
Nate was thinking to himself that here was just the confirmation of what he had been contemplating.  This man was talking like he was some sort of member of the Congress of the United States of America or something, saying special big words like ‘companions’, when nobody talked like that nowadays.
Nate’s thinking was clearly taking too long, causing the man to continue, adding, “Name’s Davy Crockett, sir.  Perhaps you have heard the name?  We have come to join the Texas Revolution.”
At that, Nate’s jaw dropping in awe, it nonetheless managed to blurt, “Why, yes sir, I believe I have indeed heard of you.  I myself am from your neighboring state to the north – Kentucky.  Name’s Nate Tucker.  May I be of service, sir?”
“Well now, I am indeed pleased to meet you sir, and don’t it beat all.  We have come all this way, and the first person we meet in Nacogdoches is practically a kinsman!” and Crockett said this with an enormous grin.  
It certainly didn’t take much – Nate was completely disarmed by Davy Crockett’s charm.  Of course, it didn’t hurt that he felt special to meet such a famous person.  He stood and shook Crockett’s hand firmly, declaring profoundly, “I declare, it is an honor to meet you, Mr. Crockett, and your friends, too.”  Nate smiled and nodded at the rest of the group, adding politely, “As to your reference to the revolution, don’t know exactly what to say ‘bout that.  Folks around these parts are saying conflicting things.  The Texians done beat back the Mexican Army on all fronts.  Sent them packing all the way back to the Rio Grande, that’s for sure.”  Nate paused for effect, to see if Mr. Davy Crockett was aware of this fact.  As it seemed that he was, Nate continued, “So some folks think it’s all over.  We even had a couple of fellas come through here last week that fought at Bexar.  They was headed the other way - back to the United States of America.”
Davy responded to this last comment, “Yes, sir, we met them on the trail coming south.”  He paused for a moment, continued with, “Now here’s the thing, Nate.  We come from the other end of things – the views held in the U.S. of A.  And folks there are saying that Mexico is a proud nation - that it isn’t over yet.  They’re saying that the president of Mexico, Señor high-and-mighty Lopez de Santa Anna whatever his name is, has a real mean streak in him, and that he likes to play at war.  So we’ve been hearing that it’s got a ways to go before it’s over.”
Nate blanched at this and nodded, uncertain of what to say.  “Well, sir, I don’t know about such things.  However, I do know this.  There is a committee of townspeople here that is attempting to recruit volunteers to join up and fight for the cause.”
“And where might we find them, Mr. Nate Tucker?” Crockett queried with obvious interest.
“Well, sir, they would be down at the church house at the end of the street, but I ‘spect Sunday service should be ending any minute.  So if you will follow me, I can point out the mayor of Nacogdoches.  He will be the person in charge.”  
At this suggestion, the men tied off their horses, and Nate descended from the steps and led the group southward.  What few people who were not at service came out to gawk.  Such a large group, obviously all from Tennessee, was certainly something to see.  By the time the group got to the sheriff’s office, word had spread that Davy Crockett was in town.  Church had just let out, and a crowd was already beginning to gather.  The sheriff fetched the mayor, who arrived shortly thereafter.  
After the obligatory introductions, Davy Crockett stepped up onto the walkway and began an impromptu speech.  “Folks, my companions and I have travelled all the way from Tennessee to join up and fight for Texas!  I have the honor of reporting to you that when I announced my intentions in Tennessee to come here, there arose a natural reaction so profound that I was obliged to say in response – You can all go to hell, and I will go to Texas!” and he evoked this last jokingly, as evidenced by the gregarious smile on his face.  
One man let out a whoop, and then the whole crowd erupted as one.  “Hoorah!  Hooray for Texas!  Hooray for Davy Crockett!”  And so it went.
When the whooping had died down, the mayor stepped forward and announced, “Folks, I have been empowered by the government of Texas to administer the oath of allegiance to volunteers for the Army of Texas.  So now I ask you men to raise your right hands.”  All of Crockett’s companions did so.  Somehow, Nate had been swept into the mass of Tennesseans.  The mayor pointed to Nate.  “You, sir, do I know you?”
“Yes, sir, Mr. Mayor.  I’m Nate Tucker.  Work at the saw mill.”
“Ah, yes, I recall now.  Are you a part of this group of volunteers?”
Before Nate could say anything, Davy Crockett said loudly for the entire group to hear, “Why, of course he is!  He is our kinsman from Kentucky!” at which the crowd exclaimed their approval yet again.  Subjected to such public scrutiny, Nate felt that he had no choice but to go along, so he raised his right hand.  Within seconds, he had to his own surprise been sworn into the Volunteer Army of Texas.
There was much ballyhooing and back slapping, in the midst of which Nate wondered to himself just how all of this had transpired.  Less than an hour earlier he had been sitting sunning himself on a lovely Sunday morning together with his friend and confidant Mephistopheles, and now he was a sworn military man.  Still, In the midst of the hubbub, he had to admit to himself that he liked the notion.  Heck, he thought to himself, he might even become a hero of Texas.  He felt in his pocket for Mephistopheles.  Sure enough, he was still there, somehow bringing certainty to Nate of the rightness of it all.

Bastrop-January

Auggey threw the stick, and Jackson went tearing after it one more time, as if desperate to set a new record for the quickest recovery.  It was a fine day.  A sunny warmth poured across the field, a welcome change from the previous week, when snow had chilled the folks in Bastrop to the bone.  Auggey had struggled to get the cows into the barn when the storm had struck, and with luck he had saved them all.  Still, they had lost three chickens.  
“Those birds were so dumb, they didn’t have the sense to come in out of the storm,” he thought to himself.  Still, it hadn’t been all bad.  After the storm, he’d found them, still frozen, not a hundred yards from the cabin.  Maw had made a delicious chicken stew from them, a stew that had lasted close on to a week.
Jackson came trotting up carrying the stick, and Auggey suddenly caught a glint of sunlight, like a reflection on metal, some unexpected movement off to the east.

Julie MacElrae sat gazing at the fire in the small stone fireplace that Hank had built for them.  Christmas had come and gone.  They were into the new year, and there was no sign of Hank.  There had been one letter, but that was it.  All she knew was that he had been at San Antonio when the Texians had defeated the Mexican Army and sent them packing.  Why hadn’t Hank come home?  So many other locals had returned to Bastrop.  
At first it had appeared that the Texians had won outright, and that Hank would be home by Christmas as promised.  But now things seemed to be going the other way.  Sheriff Green had said there were rumors an army was coming north from Mexico.  Even worse, the rumor was it was led by none other than Santa Anna.  Some folks were saying that the encroaching Mexican Army would be in the thousands.
Julie was downright scared.  Hank had left her with a present.  The baby inside her was now more than three months along.  It didn’t show much yet.  She could hide it for a while yet with the bulkiness of her winter dress.  But she had to find Hank!  She loved him dearly, but she’d never trusted his judgment.  He had that thing that all men seemed to have – a lack of good sense that made him seek out the worst possible solution.  What was going on down there in Bexar and Gonzales?  She had to go find him and bring him home.
Suddenly, the door burst open and, Auggey rushing in, exclaimed furtively, “Indians!  Maw, there’s Indians coming!  They’re riding in from the west!”  
Julie ran to the window and peaked out between the boards.  She couldn’t see a thing.  “Are you sure, Auggey?  I don’t see a thing,” she replied.
“Trust me, Maw.  You know I got super good vision,” Auggey said breathlessly.
“How far off are they, Auggey?” 
“Maybe three quarters of a mile.  There’s four of them.  What’re we gonna do?  Hadn’t we better get out of here?”
“Too late, Auggey.  They’d be on us before we could get a half mile.”  She figured they had less than five minutes before they were on top of them.  She’d heard in town that the Comanches were getting bold of late.  Folks were saying it was because so many of the men had gone off to fight in the war.  The Indians probably thought they had easy pickings.  Julie figured they’d be aware that Hank was gone, that there was no man about.  She just hoped that they hadn’t seen her from the woods in the last few days.
Julie ran over to the fire and grabbed the poker.  She quenched it quickly and then turned the other end into the fire.  She counted to ten, then tugged it from the fire.  She quickly jabbed her left hand with the end, once, twice, three times in different places.  “What the…Maw, what are you doin’?”  Auggey asked frantically.  “You’re gonna hurt yourself bad!”
Julie jabbed the poker back into the fire and, continuing this process, this time jabbed her right hand.  “Listen, Auggey, they’ll catch us, and they’ll either take us or kill us.  Either way amounts to the same thing.  We got one chance, and that’s to make them think I have the pox.”  She stuck the poker back into the fire, and this time she used it to jab her face several times.  Then she grabbed a piece of burned wood and dabbed the black from it onto the tops of the red splotches.  Using a small remainder, she made faint black streaks on her cheeks.  She messed her hair up and, pouring water on it, made it into a tangled mess.  Grabbing a pillow from the bed, she pulled it up under her skirt, making her gain twenty pounds at a glance.  Within the space of seconds she had gone from looking healthy to deathly ill.  Auggey was suddenly really scared.  
Just at that moment she heard the sound of horses outside the cabin.  She grabbed the rifle and handed it to Auggey.  “Get over there behind the table Auggey, and don’t you move one inch, you hear?  No matter what you hear from outside, don’t you go out that door.  And don’t be using that rifle except to protect your own self!”
“Yes, ma’am,” Auggey replied softly.  He pulled the table over on its side and scrambled behind it.  
Julie unbolted the door and staggered outside, falling to her knees.  “Help us!” she cried out.  She fell to her face and then rolled over on her back.  “Help us!  We got the pox.  Please, help us,” she whimpered, and pulling her knees to her chest, writhed in feigned pain and misery.  
The lead Indian jerked his horse backwards and emitted a loud whoop.  His companions all recoiled in revulsion.  The leader peered at Julie for another moment.  Julie could see that he had a huge hump on his back.  The site of this enormous warrior was at once revolting and terrifying to her, making her feigned illness seem all the more real.  He said something unintelligible to the other three and pulled back mightily on his reins, turned his horse, and ran full speed for the woods.  The others followed at a gallop.  
Julie called after them, “No!  Please don’t go!  We need help!  Please!”  She lay there a few moments, and after they were out of sight, Julie crawled back into the house.  “Maw, where’d you learn to do that?  That was amazing!” Auggey espoused in admiration, still looking fearful.  
“Learned it from my daddy, but he didn’t know no Comanches.   We had Choctaw back home.  Had it on my mind ever since your paw left, but I sure hoped I’d never have to try it out.   Seems to have worked, but we can’t be hangin’ around here to wait and see.  They might start thinkin’ we fooled ‘em.  They might even be in the woods right now a watchin’, so we best be gettin’ into town where it’s safe.  Get the wagon ready, Auggey, we’re gettin’ out of here!”
“Does it hurt, maw, them red spots?”
“You better believe it hurts, Auggey, but that’s why I only heated that poker for ten counts.  I’ll get some salve for it when we get to town, and it’ll heal fine, I ‘spect.”
Two hours later they arrived in town, where Sheriff Green took their report and put them up at his house.  Sheriff Green took a group of riders back to the cabin to check up on things, and they brought Julie’s and Hank’s valuables into town for safe keeping.
On the first of February Julie and Auggey loaded up the wagon with supplies.  Julie took her rifle, helped Auggey up to the buckboard, and the pair set off in search of Hank.
“You sure you want to go and be doin’ this, Ms. MacElrae?” Sheriff Green said, scratching his bare head as he squinted up at her into the morning sunlight.  “You’re a darn sure fine lookin’ woman, and it bein’ still winter an’ all, I don’t feel good about you headin’ south just now.”  He knew he couldn’t stop Julie, head strong woman that she was, but he wanted the blame to be off of him.
She knew she was attractive to men, and she knew where that could lead to out on the open frontier.  She considered that a risk worth taking given her state.  “Now you listen, Sheriff Green.  We’re beholdin’ to you and your wife for takin’ care of us these last few days, but we’ll be fine.  We can’t go back home, so we’re goin’ south.  Seems it’s safer goin’ that way than stayin’ here, where the Indians are stealing women and children.”
And off they went, heading south.  As soon as they got out of town, Julie took her biggest bonnet and covered as much of her face as possible.  Then she rubbed mesquite soot into her face and made her complexion as disgusting as possible.  She would have liked to have made herself look considerably overweight with straw stuffing, but that would probably make it difficult for her to handle the team.  She instead determined to walk with a limp, makin’ out like she had a club foot.  
Over the next few days it turned a bit warmer.  The roads dried out, and she reckoned that the wagon could make it to Gonzales.  Sheriff Green had given her enough to go on so that she was confident that she could find Gonzales, although locating Hank was another matter.  She had thought on it for several months now, and it didn’t seem to make any sense to just wait around any longer.  Hank was weak minded at times, and he needed prodding to get him going.  Julie figured that he might just be sitting tight in Gonzales, just waiting out the winter.  If that was so, Julie knew what to do.  
Julie figured Gonzales was two days ride in the wagon.  She figured wrong.  First of all, the roads weren’t as good as she’d expected.  More importantly, she’d never had to handle a wagon for twelve straight hours.  It was hard work, and she was four months pregnant.  By the end of the third day, she figured she’d only made it about half way there.  
Julie and Auggey met a few people along the way, and to her relief, they all seemed friendly.  Her disguise seemed to have them all fooled.  They were none too interested in getting overly friendly.  People seemed to be going both ways.  Some were headed north, thinking to escape the coming war, but plenty were headed south, trying to join up.  She counted a total of nine men headed south in groups of two or three in those three days.  Most were going to Gonzales, and although a couple of them offered to help Auggey and her out, she declined, saying they were doing just fine.  But they really weren’t.  She was just real worried about traveling with strangers.
On the morning of the fourth day, just as she and Auggey were getting the wagon across a dry creek bed, a group of five men rode up on horseback.  They were led by a large man who stood out from the others.  He was dressed incongruously in a suit coat over a shirt and pants made from animal skins.  “How do, ma’am,” he called out loudly from the opposite bank of the creek.  As he did so, he smiled broadly and removed his ‘coon skin hat in a flowing gesture, adding politely, “May we be of assistance to you?”  His southern drawl was clear and musical, causing him to appear even more stately to Julie.  
Auggey, staring wide-eyed as if he’d seen an apparition, whispered, “Who is that man, maw?”
“Don’t know son, but I believe that providence has answered my prayer.  It is indeed a happy sight to see such a group of fine looking men.”  Turning towards the party on the opposite bank, she replied loudly, “Sir, we are making our way to Gonzales.  Where might you and your party be headed?”
“What a fine coincidence, ma’am.  We are also headed to Gonzales.  May we accompany you there?”
“Why, we would consider it a great pleasure to travel with such a fine looking group as yourselves.  Please cross over here and join us if you will!”
At Julie’s invitation, the entire party crossed over the creek bed and joined Auggey and her on the opposite bank.  As they rode up, the tall man led them and, pulling his horse up right beside the wagon, he dismounted.  He made a sweeping bow with his ‘coon skin cap and said, “Ma’am, the honorable Davy Crockett at your service.  These here are my friends from Tennessee.  We headed south to join the fight for freedom!”
“Well, I declare.  I know you, Mr. Crockett.  Everybody knows you!” Julie blurted out before catching herself, and then blushing brightly.  The men surrounding Crockett all laughed loudly in unison, at which Julie blushed even more.  Still, she realized that she and Auggey were safe now and, tugging her bonnet off, she let her long blonde tresses flow freely.  With the sleeve of her blouse she wiped the soot from her face, announcing precipitously, “Sir, I am Julie MacElrae from Bastrop, wife of Hank MacElrae, soldier in The Volunteer Army of Texas.  This is my son, Auggey.”
“Why, may I say, you are a fine lookin’ woman, Mrs. MacElrae, and I am inclined to think a smart one, too, given your almost instantaneous and entrancing transformation.  These are terrible times, and what with all manner of outlaws about, it is wise of you to travel well-disguised,” said Davy appreciatively.
Auggey, by now jumping up and down in the back of the wagon, couldn’t contain himself.  “Davy Crockett!  Wait till Paw hears about this!” and so saying, Auggey drew himself up full height and jumped onto Crockett’s horse and started kicking like he was going to ride off.  Davy just laughed, his companions chuckling at the unlikely sight before them.
“Now you git down off that man’s horse, Auggey, you hear me?  You just wait till I get my hands on you.  Do you hear me?  You git down right this minute, Auggey MacElrae!” she instructed in a vain attempt to sound stern, but by now even she was sprouting a smile.
“Oh, he’s fine ma’am,” said Crockett pleasantly.  “I ‘spect Hannibal here don’t mind a pup named Auggey on his back near as much as me!” and at that the whole group guffawed yet again.
“Hey, Maw, look at this!” Auggey proclaimed, holding up a knife the size of a small sword.  “Look what Davy Crockett carries in his saddle!”
Crockett smiled up at the youngster, suggested politely, still smiling, “Son, better turn that blade over to me now.  Wouldn’t want you hurtin’ yourself.  But tell you what, I’ll show you how to sharpen it tonight when we make camp.”
Auggey, frowning in dismay, regretfully turned the knife over to Crockett, blurting out, “Hey mom, did you hear that?  Davy Crockett’s gonna get his knife sharpened by Auggey MacElrae!” and it was clear that Auggey was proud of himself.  Having accomplished his objective, he hopped down from the horse, certain that he had made a new friend, and a famous one at that.

Nate Tucker had felt more than a little uncomfortable with this band of Tennesseans ever since they had left Nacogdoches.  They were friendly enough, but they were real rough men.  Nate didn’t have the stomach for their ways of doing things.  They had made it a game when they killed a rabbit or a turkey, chasing it down as if they were playing with it.  Nate didn’t like that, so he kept Mephistopheles in his pocket.  He didn’t expect they’d harm him, he just didn’t think they’d understand.
Crockett had turned the ride south into a sort of tour of Texas.  Instead of heading straight for Goliad or Bexar, where the volunteer army was concentrated, he had decided to wander down to San Felipe, seeing as many folks along the way as he could.  Nate hadn’t minded at all, being in no hurry himself to engage the enemy, but he was surprised that two thirds of Crockett’s Tennessee boys had deemed the pace too slow for them, having ridden on ahead in order to reach the fighting as quickly as possible.  It had been just as well, as Nate had not been too sure how he felt about this rough and tumble bunch.  Secretly, he wanted to detach himself completely from this hair-brained expedition, but he couldn’t figure out just exactly how to accomplish such an undertaking.
In such uncomfortable circumstances, when Crockett’s men had joined up with the woman and her boy, Nate had secretly thought that here might be a friend.  He waited for his chance, and it came shortly thereafter when the group stopped for a break that afternoon.   Auggey wandered off the trail to relieve himself, and Nate followed him into the bush.  He took the opportunity afforded to speak to Auggey, as men sometimes do when they are doing their business out in the wilds, calling loudly, “Hey, there, Auggey.  This here is Nate, Nate Tucker.  I’m off here to your right.”  Nate paused for a moment and, hearing no response, continued pleasantly with, “Just want you to know in case you’re thinking I’m an Indian.  Don’t want to get shot out here by a true Texian such as yourself.”
At this ludicrous outburst, Auggey giggled, and noting the humor in Nate’s voice, came scampering out of the bush while still pulling up his pants.  “Good thing you told me so, Mr. Nate.  I was sure you was a buffalo!”
“A buffalo!  Why, I’ll be horse whipped.  There ain’t no buffaloes within a hunderd miles of here, I ‘spect.”
Auggey laughed again, surprised at Nate’s gullibility, adding humorously, “Well then, it musta been the smell.  You been buffalo hunting lately?”  
Realizing that he was bein’ funned by the youngster, Nate conjured up a guffaw of his own.  “Alright, you got me there, Aug.  Hey, speakin’ of wild game - want to see a live wild animal up close?”
“What, you got one?” Auggey responded, looking doubtful.
“Why, yes, son, as a matter of fact I do.”
Auggey looked even more doubtful and, his expression changing to one of puzzlement, volunteered, “Sure,” but he was nonetheless wondering what Nate could be up to.
Nate serendipitously tugged Mephistopheles from his pocket, announcing simultaneously, “This here is my friend and confidant Mephistopheles,” and so saying, he presented Auggey with the critter.
Auggey, having seen many a horny toad since moving to Texas, was not particularly impressed, but he nonetheless wanted to examine it up close.  “Wow.  Where’d you get him?”
“Befriended him up in Nacogdoches one fine day,” Nate replied.
“What did you say his name was?”
“Mephistopheles.”
“That’s a real big name for such a small critter, I should think,” Auggey opined smartly.
“Yeah, but them horns demands such a name, don’t they!”
“Why?” Auggey was unsure.
“Mephistopheles means the devil.”
“Oh,” Auggey responded diffidently, but he still wasn’t quite sure why Nate didn’t just call him something simple like Jackson.  “Jackson, Jackson,” he called out.  “Here boy, come look at the toad!” at which Jackson came bounding instantaneously out of the bushes at a dead run.
Apparently he too wanted to see what the excitement was, but Nate stuffed Mephistopheles back in his pocket quicker than lightening, saying, “Naw, better not try that.  Mephistopheles gets nervous around strangers.  Besides, Jackson here might be hungry.”
Auggey guffawed at that, blubbering derisively, “Jackson is real playful, but he don’t take to eatin’ critters.  He likes red meat.  Your toad is safer’n a mole down a hole.”
“I believe you, Auggey, but all the same, I think Mephistopheles needs a nap now.”
“Can I see him later?”
“Sure, ‘round supper time, but let Jackson go chase some squirrels or somethin’.”
“Alright, that’s a deal, Nate,” and off they went on down the trail.  Nate was in desperate need of a friend, and now he felt like he had one in Auggey.  And to think, it was ol’ Mephistopheles that had given him just the opening he’d needed. 
The going to Gonzales was still tough, but the escort provided by Crockett’s men from Tennessee settled Julie’s stomach considerably, the entire party arriving in Gonzales without further incident.


Chapter 12

The Enemy Approaches

I have ordered the fortifications in the town of Bexar to be demolished, and if you should think well of it, I will remove all of the cannon and other munitions of war to Gonzales and Copano, blow up the Alamo and abandon the place.
-Sam Houston to Governor Smith

San Antonio-Late January, 1836

Hawk, having by now installed himself in the cantina where he had first met Antonia, suffered there on most nights.  Sometimes Hank went with him, but Hank had tired of Hawk’s constant and excessive inebriation.  Hank had realized early on what was ailing Hawk – woman fever.  Hank had it, too, but it didn’t make him want to repeatedly drink himself senseless!  He’d attempted on several occasions to coax his friend from his stupor, but to no avail.
On several occasions, James Bowie had pitched in with them at the cantina.  Misery loves company - Bowie was the only man Hank knew who could outdrink Hawk.  But whereas Hawk tended sometimes to be quiet in a crowd, Bowie would often grow overbearing, take over with his winning smile, and relate a few tall tales about silver out west, or the city of gold somewhere off to the northwest.  
Hank didn’t put much stock in these stories, but since it helped to pass the time, when Bowie was around Hank tended to stay close just to see what new merriment might arise.  With James Bowie, there was always something exciting about to erupt.  
On this occasion it was just Hawk and Hank, Hank as usual contemplating retiring for the evening.  It had now been a full month since their return to Bexar, and in that entire time Hank suspected that Hawk had not seen the beautiful Antonia more than a single time.  Hawk had gotten roaring drunk one night about a week after their return and, blurting out something about going to her house to see her, Hawk had wandered off, obviously too far gone to make any sense.  Hank presumed that the Señora had not been receptive to Hawk’s attempt at reconciliation.  
Hank had felt sad for Hawk, but there had been little that he felt that he could do at the time.  But he hadn’t been able to let the situation go, and finally, another week having passed, he had gone to see the Señora himself.
Finding himself knocking on Antonia’s door, surprisingly, she had ushered him into her house without complaint.
“Good evening, Señora,” Hank had begun tentatively, “I apologize for the intrusion.  May I have a few words with you?”
“Of course, Señor Hank, please do come in.”
“How is Teresa, Señora?  I trust that she has fully recovered?” Hank had queried politely.
“From her illness, yes, she has recovered completely, Señor.  However, as to her mental state, I am afraid that the memory of so many dead Indians and horses will remain with her for all eternity.”
“Yes, I understand, Señora.  I have a son, Auggey, and I am sure he would react much the same way in similar circumstances,” Hank had responded empathetically.
“Yes, I recall that your family is in Bastrop.  Have you heard from them?  Are they well and safe, Señor?”
“Naw, naw, I’ve not heard from them since I left Bastrop in early October,” Hank had answered sadly.
“That must be difficult for you, Señor!” she had replied empathetically.
“Yes, yes ma’am, er, Señora, it’s real hard.  These are just hard times all around, I reckon,” he had said, not knowing exactly how to respond.  
“I can understand why you tried to ride off in the middle of that prairie fire, Señor.”
“Well, I appreciate your sayin’ that, Señora, but in hindsight, it was just plain dumb.  And that’s all I can say ‘bout that.”
“So, have you patched things up with your Señor Hawk then?” she had asked, showing interest.
“Yes, Señora, that I have.  He was right, and I was wrong.  He beat me senseless, that is beyond a doubt, but in doin’ so, he likely saved my life.  I realize that, and I done told him so.” Hank had paused for a moment, and then had added, “That man is real smart, and I got to admit, he’s the best friend I’ve ever had on this here earth.  I owe him a lot, I reckon.”
“That is a very profound thing to say, Señor Hank!” she had responded thoughtfully.
“Well, now, that’s what I wanted to talk to you about, Señora.  I was thinking that if I could patch things up with Hawk, maybe you could, too.”
“No, Señor, I fear it is beyond that,” she had answered forlornly.
“Listen, Señora, if such as I can patch things up, then I’m sure one so smart as you can, too,” Hank had offered, showing that rare insight of his.  “Besides, you have a lot more going for you than I do.”
“And what might that be?”
“Well, you’re better lookin’ than me, for one thing,” he had said, grinning winningly.
“Hah!  A good joke, Señor, but completely beside the point,” she had responded.
“Alright, point taken.”  Hank had rubbed his chin thoughtfully, added, “The guy is miserable, just plain miserable.  Hell, he’s been drunk ever since we got back from that little jaunt halfway to Bastrop.”
“I am confused, Señor.  Is that normal behavior for Señor Halcón?” she had responded with apparent interest.
“No, it ain’t!  The man is behaving downright strange, if you ask me.”
“Ah, I think I understand, Señor Hank!”  She had seemed to understand something mysterious, but she had carried on, “I have just one question for you, Señor.”
“And what might that be?” Hank had queried.
“Where might I find Hawk?”
 “Señora, he is right where he is supposed to be – waiting for you every night in the cantina.”
“Thank you, Señor Hank.  That answers my question.  Believe me when I say that I am most grateful that you have come here tonight to speak with me.  You are indeed a true friend to Señor Halcon.  Now, I must bid you goodnight.  I look forward to seeing you again soon, Señor.”
And with that, Hank had departed in much improved spirits, having felt that he had done all he could, despite the fact that he had had no idea specifically what it was that he had accomplished.
And now, nearly two weeks later, here he sat with Hawk in the cantina.  Nothing had changed - Hawk was still drinking, miserable as a beaver in the desert.  
“Want another drink?” Hawk asked, breaking Hank’s momentary reverie.
“May as well, if you’re going to be miserable, I may as well drown it out somehow,” Hank answered sullenly.  Hawk sauntered off to the bar.  He appeared to be at least somewhat sober.  “But give him time,” Hank thought to himself.
Suddenly, the door bursting open, in walked Antonia.  The cantina was brimming with hombres, and Hawk and Hank were right in the middle of the room.  As was perhaps intended on her part, her entrance caused a major stir.  Hawk saw her at the same moment that Hank did but, feigning disinterest, he turned his head back towards the bar.  Antonia strolled over to Hank and sat down, as if she also was unconcerned.  The room went dead silent.  It was clear that something was about to happen, and all present strained forward so as not to miss a single moment.
Hawk gathered up the two drinks and sauntered back over to the table, handed Hank his mescal, and sat down silently next to Antonia.  Without a single moment’s hesitation, Antonia swept up Hawk’s drink and downed it in a single gulp.  She coughed slightly, drew the back of her forearm across her mouth, and threw her head back slightly, eyeing Hawk imperiously.
“Why’d you do that?  That was my drink!” Hawk asked thunderously.
“I’m just catching up,” Antonia volunteered haughtily.
“Catching up, with what?” Hawk answered sullenly.  
Hank just observed - it was starting to get really interesting.
“With you, you drunken lout!” she spat back at him.
“You couldn’t keep up with me in a cantina if your life depended on it, Señora!” he shot back at her.
“Challenge taken!” she snarled.
Hawk squinted menacingly at her and , locking eyes with her momentarily, turned towards the bar and shouted, “Bartender!  Bartender, bring a bottle!”  He then grabbed Hank’s drink and downed it surreptitiously.
“Call it even,” Hawk growled, glaring intensely at Antonia.
“Even?  Pshaw!  You have a head start, of that I am certain, Señor Halcón!” she screamed pulsatingly.
“I’ll spot you whatever I done drunk…er, I mean - drank.” He snarled between gritted teeth, squaring around to face her.  The bartender brought the bottle and, crashing it on the table, retired to relative safety behind the bar.
“Put it on my tab!” Hawk yelled over his shoulder, eyes still focused on his opponent.
“Hell, no,” Hank interrupted mirthfully, “This is all on me!  I consider it the price of admission, and I’m bettin’ it’ll be worth it!”
Hawk, ignoring the innuendo, poured two more drinks, and both he and Antonia downed them immediately.
“Well?” Antonia murmured ominously.
“Well, what?” Hawk shot back, feigning bravado.
“What have you got to say for yourself?” she replied nonchalantly.
“What do you mean?” he said, suddenly confused.
“You came to my house two weeks ago, three shits in the wind, as you Texians say, and you wanted to tell me something.  What was it?”
“Three sheets to the wind, Señora,” he replied, correcting her inanely.
“Three shits, three sheets - whatever.  Spit it out, Mister Hawk Banks,” she responded threateningly.
Hawk poured another drink for each of them, then announced sardonically, “You first!”
“Alright, I will,” she snarled with attempted levity.  Pausing for a moment, she arose and announced to all those present, “Señor Halcón, before God and these men, I stand before you and thank you for saving my life and my daughter’s life.  We are very grateful to you.  No - that is not enough - we are eternally grateful to you.”
Put off guard by this apparent change of tactics, Hawk’s jaw dropped silently.  Frowning to himself, it was clear to one and all that this was not going the way he had anticipated.  He had expected some sort of ruckus, but this was not heading in that direction at all.  Suddenly regaining his composure, he offered politely, “Aww, hell, you’re welcome, Antonia, now please sit down.  You’re drawing a crowd!”
“That is my intention, Señor!” she spat viciously, “Now, please continue!”
“Me?  Continue?  I have nothing to say,” Hawk responded serenely, seriously feeling the need to hawk and spit, but doing his best to forestall it indefinitely.
“Señor!  I beg to disagree.  You have something to say to me, of this I am certain!” she snarled, eyes focused piercingly on her prey.
“Well, I haven’t,” Hawk mumbled to himself.  He was confused, to say the least.
“Let me remind you, Señor, you came to my house to say something to me two weeks ago,” Antonia replied with consternation.
“Oh, that.  That was nothing,” he murmured doubtfully.
“It was most assuredly not nothing, Señor, and I shall hear you say it, whatever it is.  Just say what is on your mind!” she exclaimed scathingly.
“Alright, Señora Antonia,” he blustered, and he stood up at this, “You owe me an apology!” and by now he was speaking thunderously.
Antonia peered benignly at him, not saying a word.  The moments stretched out, seemingly for minutes, and then she said softly, “Señor Halcón, my Señor Halcón if I may, I beg you, before all of these people, please accept my heartfelt apology.  I am desperate to regain your good favor.  Please, Señor,” and here is what made it so impossible to ignore - the corners of her mouth turned up in that tiny half smile that had such a devastating effect on anyone who was fortunate to receive it.
“Apology accepted,” Hawk whispered breathlessly.  Nothing moved, silence reigned within in the cantina, fear of missing what might come next silencing all within.
Antonia stared at Hawk.  Hawk stared at Antonia.  Antonia slowly arose from her seat, and finally said, “And what else?”
“Couldn’t you just once in your life make things easy, Señora, just once?” Hawk inquired miserably.
“Not this, my Halcón, not something so important as this.  Now, if I may be so bold, please, say it!”
Holding out his hand to Antonia, Hawk whispered desperately, “I will say what I have to say to you, but I will say it in private, with you and you alone.”  
Antonia pursed her lips gracefully and, silently taking his hand within hers, glided iridescently from the room and into the night.


Chapter 13

The Calm before the Storm

We will rather die in these ditches, than give it up to the enemy.  Public safety demands our lives rather than evacuate this post to the enemy.
-James Bowie

Near San Antonio-Early February, 1836

James Bowie pulled up on the bluff and, stepping down from his horse, gazed reverently at the city stretching off to the west.  There, off in the distance, stood San Antonio de Bexar.  It was his beloved home, and somehow, beyond all comprehension, it was about to become the focal point of a revolution.
Still irritated that he had missed the Battle of Bexar, he murmured to himself, “Go there do that, come here, do this!”  Those fools in Washington-on-the Brazos and San Felipe kept telling him what to do.  While it was flattering to be needed, he had, due to their incompetence, missed the best of the fighting.
Bowie had spent much of the previous month back east, mostly in San Felipe.  To him, the entire war had lapsed into an unmitigated morass of backbiting.  The government, such as it was, kept issuing orders, and by the time the orders had reached the volunteers such as him who were capable of carrying them out, half of those orders had become obsolete.  
Houston, in Washington-on-the-Brazos where the council had stationed him as commander of the army, had ordered Bowie to raise a volunteer army and head south for Matamoros.  Although Bowie didn’t think much of that plan, he had nonetheless been willing to carry it out.  Trouble was, by the time he’d received the order, the council had found out that many of the remaining volunteers at Bexar had already followed Grant and Johnson southward towards Matamoros in an attempt to take the offensive into Mexico.  Based on this revelation, his now irrelevant orders had been rescinded.  
The truth was - the whole council was incompetent.  They had fought incessantly among themselves, to little if any avail.  At one point they had even tried to impeach Governor Smith.  Finally, the council had issued a ridiculous proclamation stating that since Bowie was not an officer in the Army of Texas, Houston therefore had no authority to issue him orders.  While this was technically true, it was entirely too much for Bowie.  Had he not been the one person who had seen more action than anyone?  It was all too much for him.  They could all go to perdition for all he cared, and at that he had left for home.  
On his way back to Bexar, Bowie had been informed that Grant had appropriated all of the horses at Goliad for his self-anointed expedition to Matamoros.  Hearing this, Bowie had decided on his own recognizance to return to Goliad and help there as best he could - the council be damned.  He had great respect for Houston, but it appeared that he, too, was unable to overcome the incompetence of the government.
As it turned out, his decision to go to Goliad was fortuitous.  He had thrown himself into the business of improving the fortifications of the mission, which was in terrible shape.  A few days later General Houston had arrived, whereupon he had approached Bowie directly with a serious request.  
It seemed that as bad as things were in Goliad, they were even worse in Bexar.  Colonel Neill now counted less than a hundred volunteers in Bexar, and there was fear of starvation.  At that meeting Houston had restored Bowie’s faith in the Revolution.  Although Houston had no real authority to command Bowie, as he remained a “volunteer”, Houston had nonetheless succeeded in convincing Bowie that he was the only person who could restore order at the Alamo.
It was exactly what Bowie had needed – someone to appreciate him.  He was well aware that Houston had appealed to his vanity, but the fact that Houston had been aware that this was the approach that was necessary to reinvest Bowie’s allegiance had weighed quite positively on Bowie.  His faith both in the revolution and Houston having been restored, he had departed for Bexar immediately.  
Now, gazing towards the city off in the distance, he realized that he was home.  He had never really felt like one place was the right place for him before, but this was indeed his home, and he was proud to consider San Antonio thusly.  
Sam Houston had attempted to convince him to blow up the Alamo and take the volunteer army east, but as far as he was concerned, that was out of the question.  Having declined Houston’s suggestion, he prodded his horse forward, the thirty volunteers from Goliad that he had persuaded to accompany him following close behind.

East Texas

Sam Houston was relieved to be away from the whole damn mess.  How in hell could anyone expect him to command an army of volunteers, when most of them were at least three days ride from Washington-on-the Brazos, and not one in twenty were willing to listen to anything he said?  Accordingly, he’d decided to take leave of the army for a period of time, so as to let the air clear.  Besides, as near as he could tell, nothing much was going to happen until spring.  
For the past several years, whenever Houston had been at his lowest, he had sought out the Indian nation.  This occasion was no different.  He had arrived in East Texas to congregate with the Indians.  He reasoned that this gave him a valid excuse to be away, but the truth was - he was at his wits end.  He was so distraught that he needed to be away from the troubles of the revolution for a time.  Perhaps in his absence they would all come to their senses.  He figured he had perhaps three weeks before he needed to be back in Washington-on-the Brazos.

The Alamo

James Bonham scanned the eastern horizon from the Alamo.  He was standing at the highest point in the fort, on the dirt parapet built as a buttress against the rear wall of the old mission.  He had found himself looking east day after day, hoping for reinforcements to arrive in advance of the Mexican Army.  Good fortune appeared to have finally come their way.  Off in the distance he could see perhaps thirty riders coming in on the road from Goliad.  He continued to stare, and as he did so, it gradually became possible to pick out their lead rider.  It was his cousin James Bowie!  What a great relief it was to him to see such an apparition riding out of the underbrush.  In his wildest dreams he could not have imagined anything better.
Shortly thereafter, the crowd of horsemen rode into the fortress, horses sweating and snorting, blowing steam from their nostrils in the cold air, their riders appearing tired and worn.  Bowie had clearly ridden them hard from Goliad.  
“James!  Cousin James!  Great to see you, and welcome home!” Bonham called out, grasping Bowie’s horse’s bridle.  
Dismounting, Bowie slapped Bonham gingerly on the back, “A pleasure to see you, cousin.  I am right pleased to see someone with your capabilities here at the Alamo.  Where is Colonel Neill, might I ask?”
“Not here at the moment, James, but he should be back soon,” Bonham responded affably.
“Are things here as bad as I’ve heard, cousin?”
“Worse, James, bound to be worse.  We’re down to no more than a hundred men.  If the Mexican Army comes north through Bexar, we cannot hold the Alamo.  Heck, Cos couldn’t hold it with near to a thousand!”
“That’s bad, real bad,” Bowie said contemplatively, but then he suddenly brightened, adding, “Good news is, I’ve seen General Houston in Goliad, just yesterday morning.  I’ve been sent by him to take over command and set things right here.  We’ll get this place prepared for anything they can throw at us.”

The Alamo-Early February

William Travis had arrived at Bexar in accordance with his orders from Governor Smith and, prepared to take over command of the forces at the Alamo, he had instead found the situation complicated.  Bowie had been downright rude, and the men had refused to accept Travis as their new commander, despite Colonel Neill’s departure and Travis’ orders to the contrary.  
He and Bowie had disagreed repeatedly.  They would surely have eventually come to blows had it not been for the fact that there was no sign of the Mexican Army.  Instead, the two had fallen into an uneasy truce, Travis not wanting to fight with a man who was obviously the choice of the volunteers, and Bowie unsure whether the men would follow Travis if he himself gave in.
Bowie considered Travis a hot head.  Conversely, Travis thought Bowie to be poorly trained in the art and science of military leadership.  In this state of permanent confusion, they had managed to lead jointly without agreeing on a single issue.  If Bowie told the men to clean their weapons, Travis told them to practice sharp shooting.  If Travis told a scout to head southwest, Bowie told him to head southeast.  
To make matters worse, Bowie chose the slightest excuse to go off and get roaring drunk for two or three days at a time.  As there was no enemy anywhere to be found, this almost comical style of command seemed to be acceptable to the men, the army somehow growing more comfortable with the two leaders’ antics with each passing day.

San Antonio

Davy Crockett tied his horse in front of the cantina.  He and his fellow riders stepped down from their horses and strode in, halting directly in front of the bar.  “Whiskey, my good man, if you please,” he announced pleasantly to the bartender.  
“Yes, sir, coming right up,” responded the man behind the bar, brightening as he did so.  “Heard tell you were comin’, sir.  If I’m not mistaken, you’re Mr. Davy Crockett, from Tennessee,” and this last comment the bartender said rather loudly so that others in the cantina could overhear.
“You would be correct, sir,” replied Davy, smiling broadly.  Men were already beginning to gather round him, his fame having preceded him all the way to Texas.
One man strode up confidently and spoke right up, “Mr. Crockett!  Welcome to San Antonio.  I’m Colonel James Bowie of the Volunteer Army of Texas.”
“Heard of you, Mr. Bowie,” Crockett responded, “Seems we’ve both had a few scrapes in our time.”
“That we have, that we have,” responded Bowie jovially.  “We need men like you, Mr. Crockett.  We got ourselves a real war on our hands here in Texas.  I ‘spect you’re here to help us fight the Army of Mexico, sir.”
“You are entirely correct, Colonel, entirely correct.”
“Why then, your drinks are on me,” responded Bowie.  “And when we’re done here it would be my honor to introduce you to Colonel William Travis, who is commander of the regular army here at Bexar.”
“That is right kindly of you, Colonel,” responded Crockett.  “I have with me four good Tennesseans, all of them fine shots.”  

The Alamo-The Following Day

Hank, it being infinitely apparent, observed that Hawk was in the midst of one of his typical contemplative séances.  It had been a long cold winter, and Hawk had said little most days, but when he got to talking it was always colorful.  Hank hoped that this was one of those occasions.  He missed Julie something awful and, needing distraction to take his mind off of it, Hank pondered inanely how glad he was to have boots.  Some of the fellas who hadn’t had boots were now completely shoeless.  He figured their feet must be really cold.  
There really weren’t that many of them by now.  Bowie had brought in thirty men, bringing the count up to maybe a hundred and twenty.  And over the next couple of weeks maybe thirty or forty more had shown up.  And the arrival of Davy Crockett and the boys from Tennessee yesterday had been really great.  These new arrivals all had better gear, but none of them seemed to be from Texas.  Instead, they were from the United States of America.  Hank guessed Stephen Austin must have recruited them.  He wished there were even more of them - they still didn’t have near enough men to defend the Alamo.  
“Maybe we shouldda gone with Grant and Johnson, Hawk,” he said, a desperate attempt to break into Hawk’s reverie.
“I’ve told you a thousand times, those fools are going to get themselves killed, Hank.  We were wise to avoid going south with them.  There are literally millions of Mexican nationals where they’re headed.  No army of a few hundred Texans can take on that many folks no matter how good they are with a rifle.  If you ask me, Grant and Johnson are fools.”
“I know, you told me that, but to tell the truth, it ain’t so comforting being here in the Alamo neither, Hawk.”
“You got that right, sir!” Hawk responded, hawking and spitting for emphasis.  Hank observed that Hawk often saved such actions for the right emphasizing moment.
“Well, we’re undermanned here - we all know that,” Hank queried, “But what do you think of our leadership, say compared to Grant and Johnson?”
“Neill was alright, but I must tell you, I was really pleased to see Jim Bowie ride through the gate.  Say what you want about his personal habits, that man is a born leader.”
“You couldda been leadin’ us, Hawk.”
“That’s really nice of you, Hank, but the fact is, I’m not a leader, because I don’t want to be one.  And Bowie is, and more importantly, he does.”
“What about this new fellow, Travis?”
“Don’t care for him.”
As this last response was entirely too terse for Hank, he decided to attempt to see if he could draw Hawk out on the subject, inquiring politely, “Why, what are you thinkin’, Hawk?”
“I just don’t like him.  Seems capable enough, but too pushy for my taste.”
“Well, I like him just fine, if you ask me.”
“I didn’t ask you,” Hawk countered bluntly.
Ignoring the insult, Hank plowed ahead with, “He’s bigger than an average man, well put together.  And he’s got a head on his shoulders.  I’d take odds on him in a fight.”
“Still don’t like him,” Hawk growled with apparent finality.
“Give me one good reason why,” Hank pressed again, unwilling to let the subject go.
“Alright, I’ll not only give you one, I will give you two reasons!  First off, the man is just altogether too young to be in charge here.  And second, he’s a damn lawyer!”
Hank burst out laughing, exclaiming boisterously, “Ha!  I knew it!  You ain’t got no good reasons at all, Hawk!”
“Don’t like lawyers, never have, damn it!”
“What a surprise,” Hank replied derisively, “I hope nobody is listening into this here conversation.  They might learn the revelation of the century - Mr. Hawk Banks don’t like lawyers!  Hee hee!”
“I can do without your sarcasm, sir.  I have good reason to dislike lawyers.”
“And what might that be?”
“For one thing, I never met a one of them that’s honest.  And that’s all I’ll say on the subject.”
“Now you listen to me, Hawk, you’ve been bad-mouthin’ lawyers ever since we met.  It’s about time you shut your mouth, either that, or come forth with some hard evidence on the subject.”
Hawk sat in silence for a few moments, seemingly pondering Hank’s edict.  
“Well?” Hank asked querilously.
“Shut up, damn it.  I’m thinking.” Hawk responded gruffly.  
Deciding this was a good sign, Hank held his tongue momentarily.
Hawk eventually proceeded, admitting, “Well, I expect I may as well admit it, my wife ran off with a damn lawyer from New York City.  So there, damn it all to hell.”
“What?  You got a wife, Hawk?”
“No, not any more, not for more than twenty years.”
“That is a revelation, sir, and I don’t mind telling you so.  Here you been acting all high and mighty for months about me missing Julie, and I come to find out you been married, and probably been just as broke up and missing your wife as I do Julie.  You done been holding back on me, Mr. Hawk Banks!”
“No, I haven’t.  That’s all ancient history.  I haven’t missed Caroline for years.  Heck, I don’t even know where she is any more, although it would do my heart good to hear she left that lawyer.  I despise lawyers.  Besides, I found the love of my life right here in San Antonio,” Hawk murmured, his voice trailing off.
“If you ask me, that Antonia is a keeper,” Hank observed, stating the universally obvious.
“That’s right engaging of you,” Hawk said, attempting to act serious.
“Anything else you dislike, other than lawyers, Hawk?”
“No, not really,” Hawk proffered, adding at length, “Well, to tell the truth, don’t care much for land speculators neither.”
“Right, between land speculators and lawyers, you got somethin’ against darn near every leader in the whole of Texas.  Houston and Travis are both lawyers.  Bowie and Austin are land speculators.  Heck, if you get right down to it, I’m a land speculator, too!”
“No you aren’t!” Hawk blurted vehemently.  Still clearly ruffled from the discourse, he exclaimed, “You’re different, Hank.  You live on your land, and you farm it.  That is no way land speculation.  That’s homesteading.  Those are two entirely different things.”
“Well, thanks for your forgiveness, oh great one,” Hank shot back sarcastically.  “Given all of these shortcomings of our military leadership, how do you rate our chances in the current circumstances?”
“Been thinking on that for some time,” Hawk said thoughtfully.
“I’ll bet you have,” Hank responded with palpable curiosity.
“I expect it’s of no matter which one of those two leads us – Travis or Bowie.  Crockett could do the job, no doubt, but he doesn’t want it.  Said so himself.  So we need one or the other to lead, not both.  I’d prefer it to be Bowie - he’s a proven leader.  Travis hasn’t yet proven himself, but I’m inclined to think he’ll do in a pinch.”
Hank grinned, replied succinctly, “In a pinch, right.  I’d say that is about the most ridiculously understated description of our current predicament that any man could ever conjure up, sir.”
Hawk leaned forward and, closing the line of discussion with shallow profundity, suggested, “We shall see about that.  Soon enough, we shall see.”

The Alamo

Susannah Dickinson pulled her baby to her breast, her mind-numbing wailing thankfully ceasing immediately.  As the baby suckled, she had a few moments to ponder.  It seemed that lately, feeding time was the only opportunity she had for contemplation.  She was beginning to think that it would have been better if her husband Almaron had left the baby and her behind in Gonzales.  The winter was dragging on, and now the word was circulating here in San Antonio that the Mexican Army was coming back, and this time in full force.  
Wishing it would all just go away, her fondest hope being to go back home, she realized forlornly that there was little chance of that now.  She was certain that the humiliating defeat of General Cos at the Alamo in December would ultimately be a disaster for Texas.  
Having heard Stephen Austin’s speech in Gonzales the previous fall, she suspected that General Cos’ family relationship to Santa Anna would be pivotal.  According to what Austin had said that day, Santa Anna was a proud man.  Susannah knew men like that - they never let a failure go by the wayside – in the end, they always got to get even.  “Yes,” she thought to herself, “Santa Anna is probably on a horse at this very minute, leading a huge army straight for San Antonio.”
The baby coughed and spit up, temporarily distracting her from her train of thought.  Burping Angelina, she set back to feeding.  A few more months now, and she’d be completely off the teat, she thought to herself.  Angelina was already walking a bit, and she had a few words, although no one could understand them but Susannah.  Her husband Almaron was too busy dealing with the war.  He barely darkened the door of the house they’d appropriated in San Antonio. And no wonder – it was little more than a stone hut with a dirt floor.  But hopefully, all of this would be over before the hot summer hit.  With luck, they’d all be back home by May.

The Alamo-Late February

Hawk awakened to see the sun shining brightly, creating a feeling of warmth in the air.  Although winter was not yet over, it was the first really fine day in some time.  For some reason he knew the date: February 22.  He gently prodded Antonia awake and, giving her a friendly peck on the lips, he whispered, “Antonia, come see.  It is a beautiful morning.”  
Arising without comment, Antonia stepped gingerly to the door.  The sway of her hips could be seen even through her white cotton shift.  The image brought Hawk’s manhood to attention, just as Antonia said, “The sun is shining, my Halcón.  It is going to be a lovely day.  We must plan something special for Teresa!” and, having suggested thusly, she turned to observe Hawk’s reaction.
He was sitting on the bed and, motioning for her to come to him, he responded wistfully, “All in good time, my lovely, all in good time.  First, perhaps we should begin the day by re-sealing our pact.”
“The pact, the pact, always the pact,” she responded with a sly grin, “I suspect that this is just a disguise for what you really want, no?”
Hawk smiled and awaited silently.  Antonia strode to the bed and commenced the chore of dealing with his problem, and such a chore it was!  Within minutes she was completely exhausted by the effort of satisfying his needs.  “Oh,” she said to herself, “And also mine!”
“What?” he asked, breathing heavily.
“Oh, nothing.  I was just thinking how delightful life is.  It is not unlike the feeling one has when one is passionately in love, no?”
“I wouldn’t know about such things,” Hawk replied, grinning at their shared sarcasm.
“Naughty man!”  she replied and, slapping him playfully across the face, proffered sagely, “When a woman tells a lie, a man should never respond with a lie, especially when speaking of love!” and, punctuating her witticism, she leaned forward and kissed him passionately.
Coming up for air, Hawk replied expressively, “I love you, my dear.  Is that better?”
“I will accept your apology just this once, but beware, my Halcón, our pact is possession, complete and everlasting possession.  I shall expect you to follow orders better in future,” she responded playfully and, kissing him again, this time softly, queried, “Understood?”
“Hell, I have more freedom in the army!  Alright, Señora General, I accept your terms.  But remember your part of the pact!”
She smiled and, tugging his feet to her chest, she kissed each of them gently.  “There, my love, I kiss your feet.  I seal my acceptance with my kisses.”
They caressed one another for several minutes, then agreed that the day was far too gorgeous to be wasted.  The circumstances called for a picnic.
By noon they were on their way out of town to the north.  They passed by the mission of the Alamo, where a soldier at his post jeered at Hawk.  It was well known among the volunteers at Bexar that Hawk was in love.  There are no secrets in an army, especially one composed entirely of volunteers.
“Mommy, what is that man calling about,” Teresa asked inquisitively.
“Shush, Teresa.  He is just announcing that we are passing the gate of the Alamo.  It is his duty as a soldier,” her mother lied.
“Oh, the Alamo is a fort?  I thought it was a mission.”
“It is both, my dear.”  At this, Teresa looked confused, but she inquired nothing further.  The day was far too fine to be distracted by such complicated subjects.
Hawk was nonetheless concerned as they rode out.  There had been reports every day that the Army of Mexico was not far off.  He was worried that this might be the couple’s last chance for domestic bliss.  The last few weeks had been the most intensely pleasurable, enjoyable, and blissful of his entire life.  And this might be the last day for such an interlude.  He intended to make it a wonderful day.  Turning to Antonia, he asked with apparent trepidation, “Are you thinking what I am thinking?”
“Yes, my love.  Yes, of course.  But we will not speak of it now.  Later, we will speak of it later.” 

Coastal Texas-Late February

General Jose de Urrea had been assigned by General Santa Anna to lead a force of more than a thousand men along the coastal route northward from Matamoros.  As this was friendly territory, the locals were inclined to supply his army with intelligence regarding the whereabouts of the forces of Grant and Johnson.  Unfortunately for the Texians, General Urrea turned out to be an extremely competent commander in the field.  Armed with this important intelligence, and despite the cold and rainy weather, Urrea managed a forced march in the middle of the night on February 25.  Arriving before dawn at San Patricio on February 27, his army caught the Texians unawares and captured or killed the greater portion of the Matamoros expedition.
Johnson escaped, but Dr. Grant was off rounding up horses for the expedition.  General Urrea caught Grant and the remainder of the Matamoros volunteers unawares at the port of Los Cuates de Agua Dulce on March 2, annihilating the remainder of the force, which had at one time numbered as many as 450 volunteers, making it the largest Texian Army in the field.  Dr. Grant was killed in the course of the battle.
Three days later General Urrea managed to capture two Texas companies near Refugio under the commands of Amon King and William Ward, the latter of which had been sent by Colonel Fannin at Goliad to provide relief to King’s force.  Within the space of a week General Urrea had managed to wipe out all of the Texian forces south of the San Antonio River, these forces having comprised nearly half of the entire Texian Army.


Chapter 14

Crossing the Line

The salvation of Texas depends in great measure in keeping Bexar out of the hands of the enemy.
-James Bowie

South of San Antonio-February 23, 1836

General Santa Anna sat on his horse viewing the mass of men attempting to cross the river.  It was an unmitigated disaster.  They had braved winter on the open plains.  They had survived a terrible blizzard.  They had crossed hundreds of miles of open land with little or no food, and they had accomplished it in record time.  He had literally outrun two-thirds of his own army.  Not Caesar, nor even Napoleon had ever managed to move an army so far, so fast in the dead of winter.  The Army of Mexico had achieved the impossible – the element of surprise.  And now, at the last moment, at the last river separating the army and their enemy, the weather had conspired against them.  The rain had swollen the Medina River, and here they were, not ten miles from Bexar, slogging across this infernal river, inching along at an intolerably slow pace.  And with each passing hour, the army slowing to a near standstill, El Presidente knew that the element of surprise was slipping from his grasp.   

The Alamo

Colonel William B. Travis was extremely alarmed, but steeled himself to contain it within.  Townsfolk were loading up their carts and wagons and preparing to leave Bexar.  Upon questioning one Tejano, the reply had been, “General Santa Anna is at the Medina!  We must abandon San Antonio, Colonel!”
“My God,” was all Travis could think of to say.  “Captain,” he subsequently commanded, “Get me Lieutenant Banks and his friend MacElrae.”
Moments later, the two arrived hastily at Travis’ office.  “Ah, good, just the men I need.  Come inside!  Lieutenant Banks, Mr. MacElrae, thank you for coming so quickly,” and Travis shook each man’s hand ceremoniously.  “Gentlemen, we have a report that Santa Anna is at the Medina with a force of more than a thousand men.”
Hawk blanched, spluttering, “That’s no more than ten miles, sir!”
“Exactly, Mr. Banks!  I want you to ride out there and see if the report is true.  Ride fast, and if you see them, turn and ride for home as fast as you can.  I shall in turn climb to the top of the bell tower in the San Fernando Church, from whence I shall be able to observe your horses riding hard towards the city if the report is true.  Can you do that, gentlemen?”
“Yes, sir,” Hawk said and, saluting, dragged a still dumbfounded Hank with him.
Travis and the members of his staff climbed to the top of the bell tower, watched and waited.  A quarter of an hour later, the two horsemen came to a ridge about a mile and a half south of Bexar.

Hawk crested the hill just ahead of Hank and, as he pointed, Hank rode up.  Raising up in his saddle, Hank expounded, “Oh my God!  Oh, mother of Jesus, Hawk.  It’s the whole damn Army of Mexico!  They can’t be more than five miles off, and there must be at least a couple of thousand men out there raisin’ such a gigantic cloud of dust!”
“Damn!” was all Hawk replied, and so saying, he immediately turned Achilles and drove hard for Bexar, racing as fast as Achilles would take him.  Hank, driven to incomprehensible speed by sheer fright, followed directly on his heels.

The Top of San Fernando Bell Tower, San Antonio

Colonel Travis could see the two horses coming hard and fast, clearly as fast as a horse could run.  He didn’t need to be told what it meant.  Turning to his entourage, he commanded, “Listen up!  All officers, I order you to inform all companies at once to evacuate the city.  I need everyone within the walls of the Alamo within two hours.  Am I understood?”  Nodding uniformly, the men saluted, and raced down the stairs of the tower as quickly as their legs would carry them.

On the Plain South of San Antonio

Hawk rode like a man possessed.  Hank had never seen him ride Achilles like that.   He pulled as close as he could and yelled out, “What’s your hurry, Hawk?”
Hawk yelled back, still riding at breakneck speed, “Listen up, Hank, because I’m only going say this once!  You get your tail inside the Alamo as quick as you can!  Grab your stuff, and get in there faster than lightening!  Party time is over!  We done poked a hornet’s nest, it’s plain to see, they’re riled up!  
“And there’s no tellin’ whether there’s an advance batallion sneakin’ up on us from another angle.  This here Santa Anna says he’s the Napoleon of the West.  If he’s half as smart as Napoleon, he’ll darn sure have somethin’ up his sleeve.  So get inside the mission walls!  I’ll be meeting up with you as soon as I can get Antonia and Teresa rounded up.”
Hawk rode straight into town as quickly as possible and pulled up at the house.  He ran inside, and screamed at the top of his lungs, “Antonia, Santa Anna’s here.  We have to get to the Alamo!  Right now!  Come on, bring Teresa!”
Antonia rushed into the tiny room, halted and, hugging Hawk voraciously, she exclaimed breathlessly, “No, my Halcón.  I do not think that it is wise for Teresa and me to come to the Alamo with you.”
“What?  Why?” Hawk asked, still breathing hard from the ride.
“We are Tejano’s, and we are mujeres.  They will not hurt us.  It is the Mexican way, Señor.”
“But you’ll both be safer with us,” Hawk said.
“Do you really think that, my love?” She replied, and as she said it she held her hands, palms up to the sky.
Hawk stared at her for what seemed a full minute.  His life seemed to be flashing before his eyes.  The emotions that passed between the two changed rapidly from fear, to love, to realization, to resignation, and finally, to acceptance.  
“No,” he said softly, “No, I don’t,” the two melting into a gentle embrace of acceptance of reality.
“You must see, my dear.  It has to be this way,” Antonia whispered, “Outside the Alamo, I can protect Teresa.  From my vantage point, I can find out what the Mexican Army is up to.  And with luck, I may even be able to supply you with important information.”
“Yes, yes, of course, you are right, my dear,” he replied.  “But, please, Antonia, don’t spy!  Don’t do anything that would cast suspicion on you.  There is nothing you could find out that would be worth that much.  Be careful!  Promise me!”
“Yes, my love.  Yes, I promise.  Now get out of here!”  She grabbed him and held him tightly.  They kissed, and he released her, summarily racing for the Alamo.
By the time Hawk made it inside the south gate, the fortress was already bustling with activity.  Hawk could see Colonel Travis talking to Bowie over by the mission chapel.  For some reason Bowie did not look well.  “Probably burnin’ off another one of his drinkin’ binges,” Hawk thought to himself.
Men were running every which way.  There seemed to be no order to the activities.  Hawk trotted Achilles over to the stable and went looking for Hank.  He found Hank at the stable, still tending to his horse.  
“Hey, Hank,” Hawk said as he strode up.
“Helluva mess, Hawk.  Helluva mess,” was all Hank could muster to say.  Hawk could tell he was flustered about something.
“I know, Hank.  I know,” Hawk replied soothingly.
“We don’t have near enough men to hold this fort, Hawk.  Not from what I saw out there on that plain just now.”
“I know.  You’re right,” and Hawk didn’t want to say that they might have been seeing only the advance guard of the Mexican Army.  “We’ll get those reinforcements.  You’ll see, Hank.  Till then, we’ll hold off the enemy.”
“We could just put our saddles back on our horses and ride right out of here right now.  I could be kissin’ Julie in three days’ time,” Hank suggested furtively.
“Now, don’t go thinking that, Hank.  You know we can’t do that.  We took a solemn oath to defend Texas.”
“Solemn oath!  Heck, that was damn near six months ago, Hawk.  And this here army, and this here country, or state, or whatever in tarnation it is, has, from the day we signed up, done very little of anything to justify our loyalty!”
Hawk grabbed Hank and hugged him hard.  “What the…What’re you doin’ that for, Hawk?” but he nonetheless hugged him in return.  And then, they both hugged even more.  It was as if they both realized for the first time what was unfolding before their eyes.
Hawk drew back and, wiping his face with his sleeve, responded sadly, “Damn, I wish it were different Hank.  I truly do.  Three months ago, I wouldn’t have cared one way or the other, but now I have just as much to live for as you.  But I absolutely am not running away, and neither are you.  We both of us know that.”
“Heck, I know that, Hawk, I’m just mad at the stupidity of this whole mess.”  
Their mutual despair having been admitted to one another, the two headed out to see what their leaders had decided to do next.

The Far Side of the Alamo

Nate Tucker was simply overwhelmed by the entire proceeding.  He had no idea what to do.  He saw Hawk Banks coming towards him, accompanied by that fellow he was always with.  Nate admired Hawk greatly.  He was solid.  The men all knew that.  So he decided to risk a question, “Excuse me, sir, Mr. Hawk, sir.  Nate Tucker here.”
Hawk halted abruptly and, seemingly taking in Nate for the first time, responded politely, “Why, of course you are, Nate.  I know you, sir.  What can I do for you?”  Hawk noticed Nate eyeing Hank suspiciously, so he continued, “Oh, I’m sorry, Nate, this is my friend Hank MacElrae.”
“Pleased to meet ya,” Hank offered, holding out his hand.
Nate shook his hand and, a frown suddenly creasing his features, inquired, “MacElrae…MacElrae.  You wouldn’t be the MacElrae from Bastrop now, would you?”
“Why, yes, that would be me.  Why do you ask?”
“Oh, no reason.  I just heard of you.  Pleased to meet you, Hank MacElrae from Bastrop.  I’m here from Kentucky.”
“Oh, we thought you were from Tennessee,” Hawk replied.
“I declare, that’s what everybody thinks, seein’ as how I come in with Davy Crockett.  But that was all a big misunderstandin’, I expect.  Anyway, I’m here now, and it looks like the excitement is about to heat up.  Would you have any suggestions as to what I ought to be doin’, Mr. Hawk?”
Hawk looked at Nate, and the realization was coming over him that Nate was not quite all there.  He now inquired, “I thought you were assigned to the Tennessee company.”
“Yes, sir, I was, but I don’t cater to them fellas.  Too high and mighty for me.”  
“Well, sir, can you fire that there Kentucky long rifle?” Hawk asked pointedly.
“Yes, sir, I can nail a turkey at a hundred yards nine times out of ten, I reckon.”
“That’s just fine, Nate.  You follow me, and stay close.  We may be testing out your reckoning before the day is out,” and that is how Nate joined up with Hank and Hawk.
Hawk found Colonel Travis in his office midway along the west wall issuing orders to his staff.  Hawk was mightily impressed.  A change had come over this fellow in the last three weeks.  He seemed to Hawk to have grown half a foot in stature.  He had somehow grown into a leader in an amazingly short span of time.
Noticing Hawk, Captain Seguin turned to him and whispered, “Bowie is real sick.  Colonel Travis is issuing orders to all of the unit commanders, Señor Halcón.”
“Well, glory be, and none too soon,” Hawk replied under his breath.  “The young pup seems to have risen to the occasion, don’t you think, Juan?”
“Si, Señor.  I am greatly impressed with this man Travis.”
“What are his orders, Captain?” Hawk asked Seguin.
“Your company is to be stationed along the west wall, just south of this office, Hawk.  You will be under my command.  We are expecting an attack at any time, so please order your men to take their places as soon as possible.”
“Yes, sir,” Hawk replied, departing immediately to carry out his orders.

The Alamo-Later that Day

Nate stood at his post, squinting westward into the late afternoon sun.  Suddenly, he spotted a red flag hoisted above the San Fernando Church within the city.  “Hawk!  Come quick!”  Hawk strode up immediately, asking what was up.  “Look yonder, sir.  The Mexican Army has arrived in Bexar, and they’ve hoisted a red flag at the church.  What does it mean?”
“You don’t want to know, Nate,” Hawk replied, and turned on his heel.  

Hank, himself perched on the west wall, noticed short time later that a cannon shot was fired from the Alamo, aimed across the river towards the city.  
“What was that about?” Hank asked Hawk.
“The red flag means ‘no quarter given’ by the Army of Mexico.  The cannon shot is Colonel Travis’ way of replying ‘up yours’, or something to that effect.”
Overhearing this, Nate hooted.  “Hot damn, we’re gonna have ourselves a turkey shoot,” he said, and punctuated it by dancing around in a circle.

Hawk grinned impassively, but inwardly he was churning.  Nate’s good humor, misplaced though it clearly was, gave Hawk further evidence of the reliability of his new recruit. Still, absolutely nothing else positive regarding their current situation came to Hawk’s mind.
The following morning, sunrise brought the realization that the enemy had begun to take positions outside the fortress.  Most of the troops were to the west, streaming down from the city.  Some had crossed the river, just over two hundred yards from the mission, a gun crew now emplacing a cannon on the bluff cresting the opposite shore of the river.  
Nate’s abilities were soon to be unveiled.  A small detachment of Mexican soldiers decided to test the resolve of the Texian Army.  They fanned out along the river bank and headed towards the walls, dipping and trotting forward.  Within seconds, Hawk came running toward Nate, exclaiming forcefully, “Now’s your chance Nate!  See if you can pick off that lead man.  Hank will take the second one.”  
Nate, signaling his concurrence, loosed off a shot within seconds, taking down an unfortunate soldier at nearly two hundred yards.  
Moments later, Hank struck his target as well.  The Texians on the wall let out a whoop, and the battle was underway.  Within minutes, the attackers had retreated, at least half a dozen of their comrades wounded on the field of battle.  
Hawk walloped Nate on the back, yelping, “Well, damned if you didn’t turn out to be the man of the hour, Nate Tucker.  You shot a man at a distance most folks can’t even see.  We are going to give the Army of Mexico one hell of a fight!”  
Nate, grinning in silence, was proud to be of service.  He reached within his pocket and gave his friend Mephistopheles a rub for good measure.

San Antonio-That Night

Francisco’s heart was pounding so hard, he thought it would burst.  Inexplicably, after two months, here he was back in Bexar.  The march had been hard, but he had warmed to it the closer they had come to San Antonio.  And now, here they were.  His company had settled down for the night, and Francisco was subsequently allowed the freedom to roam the city.  
Without the slightest hint of hesitation, he made straight for the cantina.  He was in such a hurry that he nearly tripped as he stepped within.  Pressing his way to the bar amid the throng of rapidly succumbing soldiers, he joined in drink, happy to be away for the time being from the endless marching.  
Scarcely a swig passed his lips before he wondered to himself - where was the Señora?  Where was Antonia?  She did not seem to be here.  Francisco was crushed with disappointment.  Where had she disappeared to?  Downing his mescal in a single gulp, he raced from the cantina into the night, intent upon finding her.
Rushing to another cantina two blocks further down Portero Street, he raced inside.  Again, there was a huge crush of soldiers, so many in fact that it was difficult to move within.  But as his eyes adjusted to the light, he saw her, sitting at a table in the corner, surrounded by several men.  He rushed to the table and, his relief all too apparent, he realized how he must have looked to her, but he was desperate.  
Antonia turned to him and spoke benignly, “Ah, so we meet again, Señor Francisco Ernesto de la Garza, my little one.  And how have you been these last three months?  Capitan- please – pardon me.  I must speak with my little friend.  I will be back shortly,” and at this she arose gracefully and took Francisco by the hand, leading him silently into the night air.  
Francisco, his heart pounding, indeed harder even than before, was almost bursting with desire.  “Señora,” he said and, grasping her by the arm, he jerked her around and pulled her to him, kissing her savagely.
Antonia, fighting him off, pulled away and struck him across the face with all of her strength.  Francisco went down.  Grabbing his face, he whimpered in embarrassment, “Ow!  That hurt!”
“What do you think you are doing, Señor!” she spat forcefully at him, and it was obvious it was not a question
Regaining his footing, he said apologetically, “Señora Antonia, you promised!”
“I promised?  I promised what?”
“You promised you would reward me!”
“I promised nothing of the sort.  I promised you I would remember.  And so I have.  Now, go away.  Go back to your soldiering, and leave me alone.  I am grateful to you for what you did, but that is all.”
It was not going the way Francisco had envisioned it in his dreams.  Somehow, it had all gone wrong.  “I am sorry, Señora.  I seem to have misunderstood.  I apologize.  Can we start over?”
“There is nothing to start over, Francisco.  Now go away!” and having dismissed his dismally perpetrated advance, she turned and headed back down the alley toward the cantina.
Francisco, unable to function, remained motionless for quite some time, sobbing softly to himself.  The spot where she had struck him, seeming to sear him to his very soul, burned with white hot pain.  “She will be sorry for this.  She will be sorry,” he said to himself, absentmindedly rubbing the medallion at his throat.

The Alamo-The Following Day

Colonel Travis was furious.  When the Mexican Army had shown up outside the walls the previous day without warning he had said nothing, but he simply could not let this pass without saying something.  He stormed into Bowie’s office.  “Colonel,” he began, “This is what comes from poor military leadership.  The whole damn Mexican Army is upon us now, and we have no recourse whatsoever.  Now we are trapped, outnumbered, and outmaneuvered by Santa Anna and the Army of Mexico!”
Bowie, coughing loudly, could only gag and nod his forlorn agreement.  It was clear that his illness was not abating.  Recovering momentarily, he suggested blandly, “And what would you have me do, Colonel Travis?”
“This joint leadership cannot continue, Colonel.  I remind you that I ordered a scout to head southwest to watch for the enemy last week.  But no, you said, they would be coming from Goliad, so that no lookout was needed to the southwest.  Despite my seniority in the field, the men will not follow my orders.  And the incident with the red flag is just inexcusable.  How in hell could you request a parlee with the Mexicans, when I had already fired a cannon shot announcing our intentions to defend this fort?  We must have a single leader, sir!”
“Colonel, I must remind YOU that at no time have we received orders that you are in command here,” Bowie replied forcefully, “As such, I remain in command of the Alamo!” but once again he lapsed into gagging and coughing.
“I had clear orders at Goliad, sir!  I have told you this repeatedly, but you refuse to obey.  We cannot continue like this, Colonel Bowie.”
Bowie started to reply, but once again he began coughing uncontrollably.  
Travis now attempted another approach, pleading softly, “Sir, you must at least recognize that you are in no position to command this army.  You’re in poor health, sir.  Surely you can see that, Colonel Bowie.”
Tugging a rag from his pocket, Bowie wiped his mouth and forehead with it.  He seemed to contemplate the situation for several moments, subsequently volunteering, “All right, Colonel Travis, let us review our situation and come to an agreement regarding our plan of attack as best we can.  Then and only then will I discuss the subject of leadership.”
“Fair enough, sir.  What are your thoughts?” Travis responded carefully.
“My view is that we have three choices.  First, we can attempt to sneak out at night.  Second, we can attack the Mexicans preemptively and hope to stave them off long enough for reinforcements to arrive.  Third, we can do our best to reinforce our defenses and attempt to drive off any attacks upon us.”
“I concur,” Travis replied carefully.  “However, as for the first option, it goes against my orders, and I will not disobey my orders, sir.”
“Ha!” replied Bowie, followed by another cough.  “Why am I not surprised, sir!  If there’s one thing I’ve learned about you, William Travis, it is that you are about as bull-headed a man as lives on this earth!”  Continuing, he now exclaimed, “So be it, sir.  I agree.  We stand and fight.  That leaves options two and three.  I am for option three, sir.”
“As am I, Colonel.  My scout tells me that there are already several thousand enemy soldiers surrounding us.  An attack by our small force would be suicide.  We must defend, option three it is.”
“Suicide!  Suicide!  The hell you say, Colonel!  Every person inside the walls of the Alamo has already chosen suicide, sir.  We are all dead men, sooner or later.  The only real option we have now is in choosing how we shall die, sir.”
Travis gazed at Bowie for a few moments, eventually acquiescing, “Sir, sadly, we are for the first time in complete agreement.  Let us choose death with honor.”
At this Bowie’s eyes lit up and, gagging yet again, he nonetheless managed to get out, “Sir, I care not one tiny bug’s turd for your honor!  I care about Texas!  We came here for Texas, and we shall die here for Texas!  And the longer we can hold out here, tying down the enemy, the longer Sam Houston will have to mount an army capable of taking on Santa Anna.  Let us hold out as long as we can, and in the process slay as many of our attackers as possible.”
“Sir, we are in complete agreement,” Travis responded bluntly.
Bowie now softened.  He leaned forward on the bed, arose gingerly and, keeping his distance for fear of infecting Travis, he announced formally, “Sir, in that case I am ready to sign over my share of command of this force to you.  I cannot continue to lead in my current condition.  Fate has chosen you to lead us, and I will be proud to serve under your command.”   


Commander of the Alamo February, 24, 1836

To the people of Texas and all Americans in the world:
Fellow citizens and compatriots:

I am besieged, by a thousand or more of the Mexicans under Santa Anna.  I have sustained continual bombardment and for twenty-four hours and have not lost a man.  The enemy has demanded a surrender at discretion, otherwise, the garrison are to be put to the sword, if the fort is taken.  I have answered the demand with a cannon shot, and our flag still waves proudly from the walls.  I shall never surrender or retreat.  Then, I call on you in the name of liberty, of patriotism and everthing dear to the American character, to come to our aid, with all dispatch.  The enemy is receiving reinforcements daily and will no doubt increase to three or four thousand in four or five days.  If this call is neglected, I am determined to sustain myself as long as possible and die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor and that of his country.  Victory or death.

William Barret Travis Lt. Col. Comdt.

P.S.  The Lord is on our side.  When the enemy appeared in sight we had not three bushels of corn.  We have since found in deserted houses eighty or ninety bushels and got into the walls twenty or thirty head of Beeves.


Chapter 15

No Escape

If they overpower us, we fall sacrifice at the shrine of our country, and we hope posterity and our country will do our memory justice.
-William Travis

The Alamo-Early March, 1836

The view from the walls of the Alamo was daunting, the number of enemy campfires glowing in the darkness seemingly matching the number of stars in the sky.  The Mexican Army, having underestimated the accuracy of the Texian long rifles, had initially built many of their troop camps within easy shot of the mission, thereby allowing the defenders to pick off dozens of soldiers in the first days of battle.
By the third day of battle the Army of Mexico had removed their forces to a safe distance.  Having arrived in Bexar with little warning, they next attempted to use the element of surprise to their advantage.  Aware that the Texians must necessarily be short on ammunition, they executed scattered attacks in the mistaken notion that the Texians would surrender in short order, their ammunition having presumably been exhausted.
This was not to be, as the Texians proved their mettle by repulsing these minor attacks, thereby inducing the Mexican Army to reluctantly settle in for a siege.  The battle, having begun with great hoopla and excitement among the volunteers within the Alamo, now degenerated into a tedious repetition of efforts over the course of the succeeding days.  
Long intervals of cold rain, often accompanied by a cold north wind, were punctuated by short but often sharp engagements.  Through it all, the Texians kept at it night and day, steadily improving their fortifications.  And each time the enemy launched an attack, the defenders decimated enemy troops wherever they attempted to find a weakness in the Alamo perimeter.  

The Alamo

Davy Crockett leaned out over the wall and spat a load of tobacco, as if making a social statement regarding his enemies, “”Spect it won’t be long now, boys,” he said, to no one in particular.  
“We shouldda got out when we could, Davy,” replied his comrade, Tom Stewart.
“”Coons die, dogs die, all things livin’ got a time and a place.  Reckon this is as good a place as I can think of,” Crockett replied pithily.
“”Bout the only good thing I kin think of is at least I won’t have to live through another summer in the Hell of Texas,” Stewart replied in like measure.
“Where I am expectin’ to go in the hereafter it could be even hotter, I’m thinkin’,” replied Crockett humorously.  “Reckon I done earned a free pass straight to perdition.”
“Well, if there is a merciful God in heaven, I’d be thinkin’ that this here act of courage and goodness that we’re doin’ would buy some time off for good behavior,” Stewart responded sagely.
“Didn’t come here for redemption, I reckon,” Crockett shot back in all sincerity.  
“Well, why DID you come here, Crockett?” Stewart implored.
“Don’t rightly know, but weren’t nothin’ no ways lofty at all.  I suppose I was just lookin’ for some good ol’ excitement.”
“Well, you durn sure found it, didn’t you!” Stewart extoled.
“You got that right, Tommy,” Crockett put in, adding philosophically, “But I tell you what, if somebody writes me an epitaph, and I ain’t sayin’ they will, they sure will say one thing about me – that I went down fightin’ hard.  I aim to make the most of this here unfortunate circumstance we find ourselves in.  Truth is, it ain’t dyin’ that’s hard, it’s dyin’ right that’s hard.  I reckon I only got one chance at it, and I aim to do it as good as can be done.”
A stray shot came whizzin’ in and put an end to an otherwise strangely prophetic discussion.  “Better get some sleep now, Tommy,” Crockett volunteered good-naturedly.  
Tom hated being called Tommy, but how could anyone complain to Davy Crockett, especially after the awesome profundity he’d just expounded?  Instead, Tom said his goodnight and headed for his bedroll, despite his certainty that there would be no sleep on this night.

The Alamo-The Following Morning

Colonel Travis called Major Bonham into his office.  “James, I want you to go to Goliad and get Colonel Fannin to send reinforcements.  Can you do it for me?”
“Yes, sir, I would be honored to take on that assignment,” Bonham replied.
“How long do you reckon it will take?” Travis inquired.
“No more than twenty-four hours each way, sir.”
“You’ll have to ride like the wind to accomplish that feat, sir,” said Travis.
“I’ll make do, but as there are Indians about, I’ll need some men to go with me, some good riders.  How about those two that rode out to check up on the Mexican Army two days ago - can I take them, sir?”
“Banks and MacElrae.  You can take MacElrae, but I need Banks here.  Take a couple of other men, too.  When can you leave, Major?”
“Tonight, sir,” Bonham responded laconically.
“Excellent!  Best of luck, James, and bring help soon!” Travis added for emphasis.

Atop the Mission Wall

Nate had to admit that the whole thing was turning out to be a show of exceedingly fine proportions.  He’d never seen anything like it.  What with the enemy soldiers firin’ off their muskets from ineffective range, and the Texians enjoying the pickings like a Kentucky turkey shoot, there was plenty of excitement.  And in between the sporadic bursts of shootin’, music and dancing would surreptitiously break out in the mission courtyard.  Either that, or ol’ Davy Crockett could be counted on to tell one of his infinite supply of Tennessee yarns.  So there was plenty of goin’s on to keep a fella occupied.  Nate just shook his head, thinkin’ to himself that he’d never in his whole life had such a fine time.  Ol’ Davy Crockett had sure enough done him a favor when he’d bullied him into joinin’ up back in Nacogdoches.
But eventually Nate had some time to ponder on the reality of things.  It didn’t take a genius to be able to see that the Mexican Army had them by the privates.  There didn’t appear to be any means of escape other than right on up to heaven, he supposed.  Now, that thought didn’t bring so much terror to his mind.  He reckoned he could get on through them pearly gates when Saint Peter came callin’.  In his own view, Nate had lived a pious life, and when he had sinned, as he reckoned all men do, he had done the good thing that all good Christians are called to do – he had repented in church, according to the gospel in the good book.  So Nate had confidence in his ultimate destination.  And if appearances were accurate, he would most likely attain that destination rather sooner than later.  Till then, he figured he had some more fun comin’ his way before departin’ this world, so best make the most of it.
What did concern Nate mightily was Mephistopheles.  It seemed infinitely clear that the friend in his pocket was not destined for the pearly gates.  Hoping to be of some significant service to the toad, Nate briefly toyed with the idea of renaming him Saint Paul or something like that, but somehow it just didn’t tally.  Nate felt certain deep down inside that names had nothing to do with entry through the portals to heaven, so that Mephistopheles’ shortcoming was most likely unrelated to his given name.  
In a sudden burst of insight, Nate experienced a divine revelation – the problem had to do with them damn horns!  Accordingly, he considered the most straightforward corrective action -  that being to file them down - but if he did so, and it somehow killed his tiny friend, then he, too, would be denied entry to paradise on the basis of one of the ten commandments, although he couldn’t remember which one it was that regulated killing.  Having come full circle, Nate was in a pickle of a quandary.
Finally, after contemplating for more than two days, Nate hit on a solution - Mephistopheles had to escape!  Now that he’d figured that out, it was just a matter of details, meaning exactly how to go about accomplishing his buddy’s getaway.  Once he’d figured it out, that part seemed pretty straightforward.  
Nate knew from his surname that Hank was the father of Auggey as well as the husband of Julie MacElrae, that pair he’d met on the road to Gonzales.  In a stroke of brilliance, Nate realized that all he needed do was hand over Mephistopheles to Hank before he set off for Goliad with Major Bonham.  That seemed like the perfect solution - Mephistopheles would spend his remaining days with Nate’s friend Auggey, the only other person who had taken a liking to both Mephistopheles and Nate.  So Nate set off to find Hank and give him the rousing news, but he discovered that he had waited too long – Hank had already departed the Alamo.

Along the Road to Goliad

James Bonham pulled up the reins on his horse so as not to charge too hard over the crest of the river bank.  Men had died charging down river banks as steep as this one.  Observing the steep drop and the river below, the men following him slowed as well.  Because the San Antonio River wound to and fro between Bexar and Goliad, it was necessary to cross it several times before arriving in Goliad.  Luckily, the river had receded and could be crossed easily.  As anticipated, the bell tower of the mission chapel came into view on the horizon before day’s end.

The Mission at Goliad

James Fannin had been in favor of the proposed attack on Matamoros.  Like so many others, he wanted to take the fight to Mexico.  Disagreeing strongly with General Houston, Fannin had put together an army of four hundred men to take the coastal rout southward.  However, fate having conspired against him, he had not managed to get his army moving quickly enough.  
Instead, Governor Smith had at the last minute ordered him to garrison the mission at Goliad, so here he and his sizable army sat, impatiently awaiting developments that would surely send them south at any moment.  Each day he wondered how long he would be able to convince his volunteers to stay with him.  The planting season pulled irresistibly at the Texians, but with each passing day more “new Texans” arrived in Goliad from the United States.  As a result, the army seemed to ebb and flow, neither gaining nor losing much in size.  
Fannin, as do all commanders in the field, wished he had a larger force at his disposal.  An enemy force had been rumored to be south of Goliad, and, if true, it would most assuredly be coming up the coastal route before too long. However large the coming army, Fannin was well aware that he would have to make do with what men he had.  Accordingly, he spent an enormous portion of his time insuring that troop exoduses were minimized.
He wondered to himself how they were making out in San Antonio.  Bexar was the only other major garrison on the plains, the pair of missions the only means of halting the advance of the Army of Mexico.  Bexar notwithstanding, Fannin felt certain that the main threat from the south would come through Goliad.  The terrain around San Antonio was tougher for an army to negotiate.  To his trained eye, it seemed to make sense that the main enemy force would therefore take the less arduous coastal route northward through Goliad.  
Breaking his thoughts, a soldier tapped on his door and, entering smartly, announced with perfect military bearing, “Sir, Brady reports Texian troops heading in from the west.”
“Very well, corporal.  Who’s leading them, did he say?”
“He says it’s Major Bonham, he can tell by the way he sits his saddle, sir.”
“Excellent,” Fannin responded, already pondering the possible meaning of this development to himself.   Glancing back at the soldier, he commanded, “Prepare for their arrival.  I will be there momentarily.”
“Yes, sir,” the soldier responded and, saluting the commander, exited his office in quest of Captain Brady.
The troops rode into the mission shortly thereafter, and though they appeared weary, there was obvious relief to be at the end of their ride.  Bonham, saluting Fannin, dismounted briskly.  Fannin returned the salute and, grabbing Bonham’s hand, shook it tightly.  “Good to see you, James,” he said loudly.  “How goes it at Bexar?”
“Colonel Travis sends his greetings, James,” Bonham answered with a rapidly spreading grin.  “We are holding up well, but we are in desperate need of reinforcements.”
“Come inside, my friend,” Fannin offered pleasantly, adding, “You must be tired.  Let us have a cool drink and talk on the latest developments.”  
The two now taking seats in Fannin’s office, Colonel Fannin ordered cool water to be served up.  Offering up a chaser of tequila to his friend, he volunteered, “I apologize for the lack of good drink, James, but such is the nature of war.  We must make sacrifices in the name of freedom.”
“This will do nicely, sir.  Better than what we were drinkin’ in Bexar, I expect,” Bonham replied tersely.
“How do things stand in Bexar?” Fannin now inquired, getting down to the business at hand.
“Not good, not good, Colonel,” Bonham responded gravely.  “Santa Anna arrived a week ago, sir.  He has a force of at least two thousand, with more arriving every day.”
“Are you sure, sir?”
“I am quite certain,” Bonham replied, “Surely it must be the entire Army of Mexico.”
“I doubt that very much,” Fannin put in, “We have reports of a large force under the leadership of General Urrea in the area of San Patricio.  Grant and Johnson are still down there somewhere.  I fear they will be overrun any day now.”
“Damn!  Two armies!” Bonham exclaimed, “We have accomplished what we feared most of all- we have succeeded in enraging the entire population of Mexico, sir.”
“I fear you may be right,” Fannin agreed mundanely, then inquired acutely, “What is the situation at the Alamo?”
“We are hanging on, sir, but we cannot do so forever with such a small force.  Colonel Travis is in sole command.  Bowie has come down sick.  Some mysterious illness, but we’re all hoping he’ll recover before the shootin’ gets worse.”  Bonham paused for effect, subsequently adding, “Colonel Travis sent me to request reinforcements from Goliad.  Can you spare any men, sir?”
“I expected that was coming, sir,” Fannin responded thoughtfully, “No, no, I don’t see how it’s possible.  With General Urrea advancing northward along the coast, I must be concerned not only for this army at Goliad, but also for the volunteers that headed off to Matamoros, wherever they are at this moment.”
“I’m thinking the only way we can hold out is to combine forces, sir,” Bonham suggested.
“How many you got there, Major?”
“Not even two hundred men, sir.”
“Oh, my…that’s not near enough, sir!” Fannin muttered.  He pondered for a moment, obviously considering options, then suggested, “I’d high-tail it out of there if I was Travis.  If you ask me, he should bring his whole army here to Goliad.”
“That may be, but Travis has a bee in his bonnet.  He ain’t leavin’ Bexar.  He can’t be budged on that for sure, I’ll tell you,” Bonham volunteered, adding, “Besides, he’s got an army surrounding him, and you don’t here at Goliad.  Under the circumstances, I should think it would be far easier for your forces to advance to his aid than the other way round.”
“Well, we ain’t got enough men here, either.  So I’m sorry, but I can’t help you,” Fannin announced with apparent finality.
“Can you spare anyone at all, maybe a dozen men, sir?”
“Nope, ‘fraid not,” Fannin reemphasized, “I have explicit orders from General Houston.  Got to hold the line here at Goliad,” thereby putting an end to the discussion.

The Goliad Mission Courtyard

Hank was right pleased to be away from San Antonio.  He had been there for more than four months, just waiting things out, and all the while feeling like he should have gone home to Julie and Auggey.  Now, what with the planting season coming on, Hank desperately needed to get home and tend to his family.  This jaunt to Goliad in search of reinforcements offered a chance for him to make his getaway.  
He wished mightily that Hawk could have come, too, but Hawk was needed more at the Alamo.  Besides, Hank figured if anyone could take care of themselves in a scrape, that fellow was darn sure Hawk Banks.
The group having arrived within the mission walls, Hank had dismounted from his horse with difficulty.  Hank had never been much of a horseman and, the ride having been tough on him, he had felt a strong urge to kiss the ground.  Having thought better of it, he had nonetheless experienced a profound sense of foreboding.  
Truth was, nothing at all seemed right at all of late to him.  He had no idea how long they would be here in Goliad, but he aimed to do his best to stay behind if and when Bonham headed back to Bexar with the reinforcements. 

San Antonio

Francisco awoke the morning after his foray with Antonia, his face still stinging from her forceful blow.  The entire left side of his face was swollen and blue.  Realizing exactly what he had to do, he set off for General Santa Anna’s headquarters, whereupon he reported that he had discovered a spy.   Immediately thereafter, he headed for the nearest cantina.  By noon he was dead drunk.

The Alamo-Sunrise the Following Day

Juan Seguin stared in wonder as the sun peeked over the east wall of the mission chapel.  He loved standing at this very spot, near the southeast corner of the chapel enclosure.  During the battle of Bexar the previous winter, General Cos’ men had built up a dirt berm so as to allow for a cannon emplacement within the chapel.  As a result, it was possible to climb up to the highest point within the Alamo and look toward the east - towards Seguin’s ranch.
Although he was a natural born citizen of Mexico, he was no longer in a position to choose which side he would prefer to support.  The Mexican high command had seen enough of him to know that he was a Tejano.  As such, he was subject to death if he was captured.  Fortunately, he was still able to go in and out of the Alamo under a flag of truce, because the rank and file soldiers did not know exactly who he was.  
On this day he had a special reason for his sunrise visit to the chapel and, at length, he perceived a volley of gunfire off in the distance.  Crossing himself, he spoke a silent prayer for the departed and stood silently, the memories carrying him far away, to another time and place.
As he stood reminiscing, a Texian called up to him, “Captain Seguin, Colonel Travis would like to see you, sir.”  Seguin climbed down, emptied the remainder of his cup, and crossed the courtyard toward the commander’s quarters. 
“Captain,” Travis began, “We need all of the reinforcements we can get.  Do you think you could get through the lines and make for Gonzales to seek help?”
Seguin responded, “Si, colonel, I am at your service!” 
“When can you leave, Colonel?” queried Travis.
 “Right away - tonight, sir,” responded Seguin.  “Because I am a Tejano, the enemy soldiers are still letting me through the lines.”  
“Excellent.  You may leave tonight, Captain.”
“Colonel,” Seguin said with gravity, “I have some very bad news to report.”
Travis looked concerned, “What is it, Juan?”
“Sir, are you aware that Señor Hawk Banks has a woman here in Bexar?”
“Yes, the whole army knows about her.  She is quite a beauty, if the rumors are true.”
“They are true,” Seguin said softly.  “Sir, the Mexican’s captured her yesterday.  Santa Anna had her shot just after sunrise this morning.”
“What!  For God’s sake, why on earth would they do that, Juan?”
“Sir, we had an informer back in the fall, when we took Bexar from General Cos.  She was our informer.  Apparently someone found out, and they turned her in to the Mexican high command.  General Santa Anna pronounced her a traitor and had her shot.”
“This is terrible, Juan.  Does Banks know yet?”
“No sir, he doesn’t know, but with your permission, I will tell him.”
“By all means, and please give him my condolences.  And Captain, take Banks with you.  That man can ride a horse, and the night air will do him good.  But watch him closely, make sure he doesn’t do anything untoward in his state of anguish. Please try to return within one week.  I do not believe that we will be able to hold out much longer than that, sir.”
“Yes, sir,” responded Seguin, and so saying, he turned to leave.  

The Alamo Courtyard

Hawk, seeing Captain Seguin headed for him from Colonel Travis’ office, couldn’t help but notice that Seguin had a strange look on his face, and he seemed to be carrying something.  
As he strode forward, Jaun inquired gravely, “Señor Halcón, my friend, may I have a word with you?”
“Of course, Juan, what’s on your mind?” Hawk frowned in anticipation.
“Hawk, I have a gift for you.  It is a bottle of mescal,” and so saying, he thrust if forward to Hawk.  
Immediately appearing concerned, Hawk exclaimed fearfully, “A man doesn’t receive such a gift so early in the morning except under dire circumstances, Juan.  What’s going on?”
“Señor, I have very bad news for you.  General Santa Anna has captured Antonia.”
Hawk stared at Juan for a moment and, the reality of it sinking in, murmured wretchedly, “I was afraid of that.  I told her so.  Is she dead?”
“Yes, my friend.  I am afraid so.  She was shot this morning, just after sunrise.”
Hawk, who was of course by now in such a state of shock that he did not know quite what he was doing, inquired serenely, “The girl, Teresa.  I promised Antonia…” but then, awareness rising to the surface, he gurgled, “Oh God, my dear Antonia!” and, pausing breathlessly, he swallowed hard, gasped forlornly, “Is Teresa alright, Juan?”
“Yes, Señor.  For the present, she is with friends.  You can rest assured that she is safe.”
“Thank you,” Banks muttered, then staggered, dropped to his knees, finally coming to rest in a more or less sitting position, directly on the ground.  From there, he neither spoke nor moved.
Juan awaited, a few moments, no more, then fetched the bottle of mescal from Hawk, still dangling from his hand, completely unnoticed.  Opening the bottle for his bereaved amigo, Juan instructed compassionately, “My friend, there are times when a man should forget himself.  This is one of those times.  Please, drink.”  Hawk, still staring into space, accepted the proffered tranquilizer compliantly, carelessly pouring a blessed torrent down his knotted throat.  The effect being essentially immediate, he sensed a comforting pang of sorrow sweeping over him, the pain growing distant, the raw edge mercifully blunted.
“And now, Señor Hawk, I must inform you that you have been detached to me to carry out a mission to Gonzales in search of reinforcements.  We leave at dusk.  Please prepare your horse, and try to stay sober enough to sit your saddle,” and stepping back from his charge, Seguin queried, “Hawk, did you hear what I said?  Hawk!”
“Yes, sir,” Hawk responded, his voice slurred, “Gonzales, horse ride, tonight, got it, sir,” and so saying, his listing body collapsed slowly into blessed oblivion. 

The Alamo-Later that Day

Nate Tucker, hearing that Hawk was leaving for Gonzales with Juan Seguin, rushed over to the stable, where he found the pair preparing for their imminent departure.  
“Hey, Hawk,” Nate announced uncomfortably, upon arriving within.
“Well, hello there, Nate.  What you brings you here?” Hawk muttered morosely, “Can’t be just to say goodbye.”
“Naw, naw, I come on important business, Hawk,” Nate replied with partied solemnity.
“What’s that,” Hawk called back over his shoulder, preparing to mount up.
“Hang on a second there, Hawk.  This here is important,” Nate exclaimed forcefully.
Tugging his foot out of the stirrup, Hawk turned to face his visitor and, observing that something was bothering Nate, inquired with feigned interest, “Yes, sir, what can I do for you, Nate?”
“First off, my condolences,” Nate offered empathetically, “The men have all heard, and they asked me to say how sad we all are for your loss.”
“Why, thank you, Nate.  That means a lot to me,” Hawk replied and, pausing for a moment as if he was going to say something else, he stopped, then mumbled, “You had something else on your mind?”
“Well, Hawk, I’m wondering if you could do me a favor.  I need an item transported out of the Alamo.  I am hoping that you might be able to oblige me.”
“Sure, what might that be, Nate?”
“Well, it’s my friend here, Mephistopheles,” Nate replied, prying the horny toad from his pocket.
“What the…?” was all Hawk could think of to say, appearing to be completely dumbfounded by this entirely unexpected revelation.
Nate, who could tell it was not going well, had for days been preparing for just this possibility.  His speech had been well rehearsed, and he now commenced quixotically, repeating it aloud to Hawk, “You see, Hawk, this here critter is my best friend on earth.  I’m figurin’ I won’t get out of here alive, and I am honor bound to make sure that he does.”
Hawk interrupted bluntly, “Well, then just let him go, Nate.  Just let him go!”
“It’s more complicated than that, Hawk,” Nate put in and, continuing his speech, announced, “He means a lot to me, and I need to make sure that he survives the Alamo.  He’s my only living family, if you know what I mean.  You of all people should understand what I am dealing with here.”
Hawk glared at him for a moment, but then, his visage softening, he replied compassionately, “Why, yes, I do believe that I see what you mean,” but, as he was still confused, he inquired, “Alright, but why me, why not someone else instead?”
“Right, well, that’s complicated, too.  I want you to give Mephistopheles here to Auggey, Hank’s son.”
“What?”  Hawk squawked at Nate incredulously, “You mean, you know Auggey MacElrae?”
“Yeah,” Nate responded sheepishly, “I met him on the trail comin’ down from Bastrop to Gonzales.  He was travelin’ with Julie, Hank’s wife.”
“What the…why didn’t you tell Hank when he left?”
“I wasn’t quite sure what to say.  I thought on it for days, but then he left real abrupt-like and I missed my chance.  I was afraid Hank would think I was untoward with his wife, maybe.  Didn’t want none of that.  You know how Hank is about that woman.”
“Well, you got that part right anyways,” Hawk volunteered, “But why carry this here critter to Auggey?”
“I just want Mephistopheles to have a good home.  You see, I introduced the two, and Auggey’s a good boy who will take good care of him.  So if I do make it out of here, I’ll know where to find Mephistopheles, but if I don’t, he’ll be in real good hands.”
Hawk rubbed his chin.  “Yes, I see what you mean.  Well, I expect I won’t be seein’ Auggey.  I’m plannin’ on comin’ straight back here as soon as we find reinforcements, Nate.”
“Well, you’ll just have to improvise, Mr. Hawk, won’t you.  Please, I’m begging you, you’re my only hope.”
Hawk, aware that there was no way to deny what amounted to a dying man’s wish, asked, “Well then, what do I feed him?”
At this Nate brightened measurably, observing, “Oh, he’ll eat most anything.  A medium sized bug a day is plenty to keep him fed.  Oh, and he likes to be rubbed on his belly.  That makes him feel real good.”
“Well then, give him to me, Nate.  I got to get movin’.  Captain Seguin is ridin’ out.”
Nate gave Mephistopheles a rub on the stomach, kissed him, believe it or not, and reticently handed him over to Hawk.  Hawk climbed up on his horse and turned to leave, exclaiming over his shoulder as he rode off, “Now you take good care of yourself, Nate.  I’ll be back in a few days.”
Hawk didn’t glance back, but if he had, he’d have seen tears streaming down Nate’s face as he called out to Hawk, “And you take good care of Mephistopheles, hear now?”
The following morning Nate awoke with a start.  He reached into his pocket to draw out his friend, but Mephistopheles wasn’t there. 
Fearing for a moment that his friend had wandered, he suddenly remembered that he had sent him off with Hawk the day before.  He nearly cried, but then he recalled why he had done it.  Mephistopheles was safe, and that was what mattered most of all to Nate, all of which made him smile.  
Then he thought to himself, “Dang, why couldn’t I have been a horned toad!  I couldda got clean outta this here Alamo.  Don’t look too good for nothin’ larger than a toad, though.”  He thought about Mephistopheles, probably ridin’ up the trail to Gonzales at this very minute, just a sunnin’ hisself and havin’ a gay ol’ time.  He wondered if Mephistopheles missed him.  At that he broke into a grin, “Probably,” he said out loud.
“What you grinnin’ at and talkin’ to yourself about?” Davy Crockett called out from ten paces away.
“Oh, nothin’, Mr. Crockett.  Just thinkin’ on what a kick in the head life is, I suppose.”
Crockett wandered over to the fire nearest to Nate and requested graciously, “If you would, Nate, please join me for a morning cup of coffee.  I have it all made up and warming right here.”
Nate thought that was right neighborly, “Why, thank you, sir.  I believe I will!” and, brushing the dirt out of his hair, Nate sauntered over to the fire.  As he did so, Crockett handed him a steaming cup.  
“It’s a might chilly this morning, even for a Tennessean, I reckon,” Crockett said pleasantly.
Nate marveled that Davy Crockett always seemed to be in good humor.  “Well, at least that darn rain stopped.  I felt like a drowned cat yesterday mornin’,” Nate replied.
“Yes sir, but look on the bright side – the rain loosened up the soil, and that’ll make it easier for us to dig those parapets taller and deeper today.”
Nate scratched his head in thought and then queried, “What exactly is the bright side of that, sir?”
At this, Crockett laughed agreeably, spat forcefully, and said, “Touché, Nate, touché.  I ‘spect we got two things in our immediate future – diggin’, and fightin’.  While the former is most unpleasant, it has a distinctly positive outcome.  The latter, on the other hand, promises to be far more exciting, but the outcome of it is most assuredly in doubt.  And furthermore, the outcome of the second is intrinsically influenced by the success of the former.”
Nate stared at Crockett inquisitively for a few moments, finally responding pointedly, “Sir, I have no idea what you just said, but I am sure I agree completely.  And if I understood anything at all, I took you to say that I should look on another day of digging defenses as somethin’ pleasurable.”
“Nate, my dear good man, you have understood perfectly, perfectly, I assure you.  Shall we share this loaf of bread before we are off to our respective pleasures for the day?”
“I would be honored, Mr. Crockett, absolutely honored,” Nate replied.
Later, as Nate was engaging in his daily task of digging, he thought on the state of things, and what they could expect.  The enemy forces had set up two cannons on the other side of the river on the day after they had shown up.  Every once in a while they’d start firing them darn things off, but so far they were just a damn nuisance more than anything.  Nobody’d been hurt in the week since they’d begun firing them.  
What concerned Nate the most was the flurry of activity that kept up nonstop outside the walls.  The fellows on the other side were building fortifications.  And since there was a lot more of them than Texians, they were making significant progress.  The Texians had kept up a steady barrage ever since the Mexicans had arrived, but the success of their shots had dwindled markedly as the Mexicans had improved their defenses.  
Nate had thought for the first few days that the Texians might be able to hold them off indefinitely, but now he was beginning to think it didn’t look good at all.  For one thing, the Mexican Army seemed to be growing by the day.  By now, most fellas thought they had at least five thousand soldiers out there.  For another thing, the Texians didn’t have sufficient food to withstand a long siege.  Their only real hope was reinforcements, and except for the thirty who had shown up from Gonzales, there had been no arrivals.  Nate would have liked to have gotten his hands on that fellow Fannin.  Where in living hell was he?  
Nate was thinking on that when he noticed a commotion at the far end of the fort.  The sentry was yelling that a rider was comin’ in from the east.  As one, every man in the Alamo stopped what they were doing and dashed for an advantageous spot to observe from.  Off on the horizon Nate could see the rider.  He was coming on fast, but he was still a good half mile out, and unfortunately, there were at least fifty armed soldiers out there between him and the mission gate.  
Suddenly, he heard Colonel Travis boom out an order, “Get the gate ready for Major Bonham!  He’s coming in hard and fast.”  That Travis was tough as nails.  Nate had had his doubts at first – he was awful young to be in charge.  But Nate had to admit that Travis was the man to lead this army.
Nate scanned eastward.  It was absurd - there wasn’t any way that Bonham was going to make it into that fort alive!  Not with all those soldiers out there right under foot.  But here he came, and he just kept on riding, whipping his horse’s flanks as he came.  And damn if he didn’t take darn near every one of ‘em by surprise.  Nate only heard maybe four or five shots fired, and in little more than a minute, Bonham was through the gate and into the fort.  Before he could even get off his horse, the entire Texan Army as one let out a great whoop and holler, the likes of which Hank had never heard before.  
Colonel Travis gave Bonham an enormous slap on the back, thereby causing Bonham to lunge forward a step.  Bonham grinned, and the two embraced.  The gates swung closed, and Nate breathed a sigh of relief.  They’d been under siege now for more than a week, and not a man lost!  The thought crossed his mind briefly – he wondered if a man could pull that mad dash on horseback off in reverse.  
“Nah,” he muttered to himself, “Too late for that.”

San Antonio

Francisco slouched within the cantina, contemplating his third mescal, wishing for just one more view of the voluptuous Virgin Antonia.  But she had insulted him, the puta.  What right had she, a mere peasant, to injure a soldier in the Mexican Army?  He was glad he’d done it.  Now they held her prisoner.  He figured his face would be healed before they let her out of that stinking jail.  He was proud of himself for finding the courage to report her.
Hernando came wandering in from the street.  He could see that Francisco was well lubricated.  “Hola, my friend,” he said to Hernando.  Francisco thought to himself, “It’s true, Hernando is my only friend in this army.”
“Hola, Francisco. You are looking lousy.  What happened to your face?”
“A horse kicked me,” Francisco lied.  “I’m taking pain killer, though.  Ha!” and so saying, he held up his empty glass.
Hernando was not impressed with Francisco’s weak attempt at humor, so he merely smiled placatingly.  He could tell that Francisco was in one of his introverted moods.  He only drank when he was miserable, and Hernando doubted that a kick from a horse had caused his current binge.
“Hey, did you hear about the mujer, the one who used to sing in this cantina, back when we were here last fall?” Hernando asked, seeking something interesting to discuss.
“No,” Francisco said blandly, signaling his feigned disinterest in the subject.
But Hernando plowed forward, “They arrested her yesterday.  She was informing against us with the Texians!”
“You don’t say,” Francisco said disdainfully, as if it were old news.
“Si, my friend.  And here is the strangest thing of all.  El Presidente had her executed this morning – a firing squad.”
“What?” Francisco replied incredulously, “You’re lying!  They wouldn’t shoot a mujer!”
“No, my friend.  It is true.  She was a traitor, and under Mexican law, she was put to death.”
Francisco was stunned in disbelief.  He grabbed the bottle of mescal and poured down as much as he could.  Hernando, afraid that his amigo might kill himself, jumped up and tugged the bottle away from him.  Francisco pulled away and staggered to the door, stumbling into the night.  He managed to make it two blocks before he collapsed in a drunken stupor in an alley.  “Noooooo,” he cried out, drawing his knees to his chin. “It was not supposed to be this way!  My angel, my Virgin Mary, you have forsaken me!” 


Chapter 16

The Fall of the Alamo

It was a small affair. 
-Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna 

San Antonio-Early March, 1836

General Santa Anna received several reports that Colonel Travis was attempting to either surrender or escape.  He was frantic to insure that neither of these possibilities occurred.  El Presidente was in desperate need of a great military victory.  The dignity of Mexico, not to mention the family name, had to be restored and safeguarded.  Clearly, the battle must be pressed forward immediately.  With this thought in mind, He called his staff together on March 5, commanding effusively, “Gentlemen, we must attack the Alamo with the full force at our disposal tomorrow morning.  Any comments?”
“Sir, would it not be better to await the arrival of the eighteen pound cannons?” Colonel Ugartechea volunteered, “They will arrive within two days’ time, and they could blow down the walls of the mission, thereby forcing the Texians to surrender with little loss of life.”
“Your views are noted, Colonel,” the commander responded.  “However, we are not in a position to await reinforcements any longer.  We must attack immediately.  Any other comments?”  Hearing no further objections, he added bluntly, “Excellent!  The army will move out at midnight.  All forces will be in place by two hours before sunrise.  The attack will commence at first light.  General Cos, your force will take the west wall, closest to the city.  I need not remind you that had it not been for your incompetence we would not now be engaged in this battle to retake the Alamo.  The next time that I see you, General, you will either be inside the walls of the Alamo, or you will be dead.  Do I make myself clear, sir?”
“Yes, sir,” General Cos responded obsequiously, “perfectly clear.”  
“Good.” Santa Anna responded blandly, “The second column will take the north wall.  The third column will take the east side.  The fourth column will assault the south side, where the main gate is located.  The fifth column will be held in reserve, and will be committed to the battle only on my command.  Are there any questions?”  Once again, the room was silent.  “Excellent.  Dismissed!” and at this command, the room cleared with amazing swiftness.  

The Alamo-North Wall

Colonel Travis was ready when the shooting started.  Although he was perplexed that the pickets he had posted outside the walls had not forewarned them of the approaching assault, it was too late to do anything about that.  He’d been up all night and, all too aware that this was it, he immediately shouted commands from his vantage point on the north wall, “Everyone up!  Wake up!  The enemy is coming!  Texans, drive them off!  Liberty or death!”

The Alamo-West Wall

Nate, hearing Travis’ command, was up like a shot.  Having slept nary a wink, he’d been waiting all night for something to happen.  He was so tired of digging, he just wanted to get on with the damn battle.  As he pondered whether this was going to be the final assault, he noticed that the cannons weren’t firing from the opposite river bank.  By the time he got to the wall and looked over, he could see why.  There must have been more than a thousand soldiers out there, every one of them approaching the fort on the east side.  
Because it was still almost totally dark, every time a weapon went off it was like lightening on the battlefield.  Now certain that the attackers were coming in full force, Nate grinned to himself at the realization that he was going to get his wish – no digging today.  Picking out a moving figure less than fifty yards away, he squeezed the trigger on his long rifle.  The target went down and ceased movement.  
“Yee ha,” Nate yelled out, “It’s the biggest turkey shoot I ever saw!”  To his left and right, men were firing off rounds as quickly as they could reload.  The Texian cannons loosed off chains, nails, and whatever they had been able to scrounge.  The effect on the approaching enemy could only be described as murderous.   

The Alamo-South Wall

Davy Crockett and his Tennessee boys were arrayed along the south side of the mission, adjacent to the chapel, where there had at one time been an opening, stakes having been implanted by General Cos’ forces in November.  Crockett fired repeatedly, picking off Mexicans as rapidly as he could shoot and reload.  Through it all, he kept up a constant rhetoric, exhorting his men to fire every shot effectively.  He had never been more pleased to have invested in such a fine weapon.  Every time a shot was fired from the enemy lines, there was just enough flash of light for him to pick a certain shot, and time and time again he made the most of it.  His Tennessee boys were at their finest in such a position, raining death and destruction on their poorly equipped enemy.  
The attack was beaten off in little more than a quarter of an hour, the Texians letting out a grand hoorah, guns waiving in the air.  Apparently undeterred, within minutes the attacking army came at them yet again.  The dim light growing by the minute, Crockett could make out several officers exhorting the soldiers forward.  He desperately wanted to shoot at those officers, but most wisely hung back, just out of firing range.
The defenders kept up the murderous pace, taking down whatever came straight at their position outside the fort.  The cannons continued to roar repeatedly, taking down several of the attackers with each and every shot and, although The Texians were spread out thinly for such an expansive fort, thus far their numbers proved sufficient to withstand the all-out assault.  At length, the second waive beaten back, the Texians let out yet another hoorah.

Susannah Dickinson had taken refuge in the chapel.  From her place of refuge, it seemed that the fighting had lasted well under a half hour, the shooting now having inexplicably come to an eerie halt.  She took the opportunity to emerge from the chapel and observe how things stood.  There was Colonel Travis on the north wall, calling out orders for the men to retrench and stay calm.  All about her the walls had held, and the Texians seemed to be unharmed.  She was amazed - she could not see a single defender who seemed to have been injured.  
The Texians appeared to be holding up indescribably well under the attack, so much so that she thought to go and provide water for the soldiers, but then the firing began to surge once again.  She so desperately wanted to climb the parapets and peer over the wall to observe how the enemy was faring, but recalling her matronly duty to Angelina, she reluctantly decided to return to her hiding place within the chapel.  

Across the San Antonio River from the Alamo

General Santa Anna had been disappointed with the opening shots of the attack.  As anticipated, the Texians proved to be excellent shots, but Santa Anna was surprised at their extraordinary prowess with cannon as well, cannon that had at one time belonged to the Army of Mexico.  General Cos had been unbelievably derelict, leaving his cannon in working order when he had surrendered in December. 
By the end of the second charge it had become clear to El Presidente that the reserves must be committed to the assault.  Surely that would turn the tide of battle.  Accordingly, he issued the order, the third assault commencing shortly thereafter.  As he studied the situation the sun peeked over the horizon, daylight beginning to flood the field of battle.  
It was as if it were a sign from God - the attackers were suddenly making progress!  For the first time, waves of soldiers were reaching the walls, as the Texian defenders were unable to withstand the sheer numbers of the encroaching army.  Santa Anna breathed a long sigh of relief.  The day would indeed be won, as he had anticipated. Absorbing this glorious moment, the commanding general sat proudly on his horse surveying the battlefield before him.  His limbs tingled at the excitement, the pure rush of emotion coursing through his body.  
He realized of course that Napoleon had commanded far larger armies, had led men into battle more times than had he, but he was nevertheless proud of his own prowess in the field.  The battle was clearly heading toward complete success, just as he had planned.  The people of Mexico would be vindicated, and once again, he would return home a conquering hero.  

The Alamo-West Wall

Nate perceived a great loud roar welling up from the battlefield and, realizing with dread that there were a lot more soldiers out there, he winced visibly.  Santa Anna apparently possessed reserves and, those reserves having been committed, they were now advancing toward the mission walls from all directions.  It was light now, and the full horror of the scene was there for all to see on both sides of the conflict. 
And now it all began to slow down for him.  The gunfire became a continuous roar, indeed, so continuously deafening that it somehow felt silent to Nate.  Time was suspended.  Nate had no thoughts.  He aimed, he fired, he reloaded.  He aimed, he fired, he reloaded.  As he did so, he counted to himself, counting, so as to sense the lapse of time.  Each time he reached the number thirty, he fired another round.  He was firing way too slow!  There were too many of the enemy.  There was simply no way to get them all.  They were like a great army of ants, coming out of every crack and crevice, every nook and cranny.  Aim, fire, reload…aim, fire, reload.  Time now ceased to have any meaning at all for him.  
A shot behind him caught his attention.  They were coming over the wall!  There was Travis, brandishing his sword in one hand, exhorting the men.  Suddenly, Travis took a hit in the side, staggered and sat down.  Nate was transfixed.  A soldier came over the wall behind Travis, sword drawn and, swinging his sword in an attempt to strike a mortal blow, Travis somehow managed to stab him from his prone position.  Both men went down together, mortally wounded, and as they did so another soldier shot the Texian commander in the head from point blank range.  
Momentarily stunned, Nate turned and peered in the opposite direction.  Everywhere, they were coming over the wall and through the barricaded windows.  There were hundreds of them, thousands of them, everywhere!  The Texians simply had no time to reload.  Having no alternative, they now resorted to swinging their rifles like clubs, mano a mano, everyone, friend and foe, all swinging and dying as one - together.  
There was Davy Crockett, swinging and fighting, just like everyone else.  It was surrealistic.  To Nate, it was in fact incomprehensible.  Nate knew he would never forget it as long as he lived.  Such visions cannot be forgotten.
Nate, having momentarily lost his sense of self, was entirely absorbed with the scene before him.  Suddenly, a sword from behind stabbed Nate right through the chest.  He had been so transfixed by the scene, he had forgotten himself.  He went down, rolling over on his back.  He was tired and, feeling a bit sleepy, he just wanted to rest for a minute.  Then he would get up and fight some more.  But first, he just needed a small nap.  
He felt another jab, and yet another, but these caused him no concern at all.  He was instead attempting to remember what it was that he had been contemplating.  Then suddenly, there she was, lifting him up into her arms, just like he always remembered when he was waking from his sleep, “Maw, is that you Maw?  I was sleeping.  But I’m alright now.  I need to get up and get back to work now, Maw.”
“Now you jest rest there, Nate.  There’s time enough for you to do them chores.  You just close your eyes and rest a little more.”
“Yes, maw,” and Nate did as he was told, closing his eyes to rest.

The South Wall

Francisco went over the wall with the final wave.  He circumvented the staked wall adjacent to the chapel, unable to bring himself to climb over the very defenses that he had helped to construct during the previous campaign, when his own army had failed to successfully defend the Alamo.  Instead, he moved further down the wall, entering where the main gate lay.  He was accompanied by at least twenty soldiers, all pouring in at the same point on the south wall.  
He had no idea what he was doing or why.  He was simply swept up in the fervor, the great sense of national pride as he and his fellow soldiers pressed forward to defeat the enemy.  As he entered through the wall, he could see that the assault was already nearing its end.  By the great chapel where he had prayed, he could see a throng of uniforms surrounding a smaller group of Texans.  It would not be long now.
Following three other soldiers towards the room just north of the chapel, Francisco noticed two dead Texians lying outside the doorway.  The pair had somehow killed several of his fellow soldiers, the combatants’ bodies horribly intertwined.  It had obviously been a fight to the death.  Francisco was in no mood to think on the significance of such a scene.
From inside the room he and the other three soldiers could hear shouting in English – a Texian.  All four charged the doorway, and by now there were three more soldiers accompanying them.  Charging into the room in near unison, the leading pair were struck by musket balls as they entered.  Pressing ahead, Francisco heard a shout from inside the room, “Long live Texas!” apparently the voice of the defender hiding within.  
Brandishing an enormous knife, the Texian attempted to lunge at the encroaching soldiers, but several soldiers bayoneted him, mortally wounding this, the last of the defenders of the Alamo.  
It was all over in seconds.  The soldiers stood within the room, ghoulishly entranced at the sight of the dead man before them.  Francesco realized the man had apparently been ill.  He had been confined to bed by his illness, and they had killed him.  Suddenly realizing the folly of it all, Francisco reached disconsolately for his medallion.
Stumbling back down the stairs and out into the courtyard, he bent forward and wretched uncontrollably.  Regaining his footing, he saw victorious soldiers running in every direction.  It was complete pandemonium.  Nothing made any sense.  Francisco leaned over against the wall and wretched again, and yet another time.  
The look on the ill man’s face as his life drained away – it was sintered within his mind like an indelible painting.  Unable to place his finger on the emotion on the man’s face, he assumed it to be a mixture of triumph and resignation.  Which it was, he could not be certain, but of one thing he was entirely certain- the image in his mind of this dying man would not go away, not within his lifetime.  For as long as he lived, the image of this dying man would live on within him.  
This was not the way it was supposed to be!  First, his beloved Antonia had been taken from him, and now this, his own complicity in an unwarranted killing.  Francisco felt certain it was a collective sign from God – he had apparently been singled out – but the purpose of it was yet unknown to him.

For Susannah Dickinson, the horrifying sounds penetrating the walls had been unmistakable.  The shooting having now died down, a Texian now came running into the chapel.  Apparently seeking a place to hide, within seconds she could hear the shouts of several Mexican soldiers as they pursued him through the door.  There were no more shots.  Instead, she heard was the hacking and prodding of sabers as they struck him down.  
Assuming that the carnage was at an end, she peered cautiously from the small room and, observing several uniformed soldiers hoisting the body of a Texian on their swords, she turned away and receded into the room, bent on protecting Angelina.
Suddenly, as quickly as it had started, it stopped.  The shooting stopped.  The shouting stopped.  All was quiet.  She could tell from her hiding place that it was now light outside.  Terrified, she awaited silently.  Were they all dead?  Had some of the Texians been captured alive?  Was her husband one of the dead?  Would she be raped, or worse?  Would they spare Angelina?  The only thing of which she was certain was that there was no escape.
Moments later a second group of soldiers entered the chapel.  She could tell they were searching for survivors - for her and Angelina.  At that moment Angelina let out a huge wailing cry, forcing Susannah to rise.  “I am here,” was all she could think of to say.
As one soldier ran toward her, aiming his saber at her chest, she stood her ground, silently awaiting the inevitable.  Miraculously, another soldier intervened, exclaiming, “No, señor, no mujeres!  No!” and at this the charging soldier dropped his weapon and, suddenly realizing what he had been determined to do, turned away.  
The remaining soldiers subsequently treated her with great civility.  From another room, they brought out several Tejano women, and a black man named Joe.  They now herded them all outside, into the morning light.
Susannah staggered into the courtyard, momentarily blinded by the brilliant sunlight, intent only on maintaining her balance so as to avoid injuring Angelina.  As she regained her balance, she began to take in the scene of devastation that surrounded her.  Surveying in every direction, she saw mounds of bodies, rivers of blood, soldiers moaning, if not already dead, sobbing their final breaths.  Susannah closed her eyes.  She would not - she simply could not - allow herself to comprehend it.  Her eyes closed firmly, she cuddled Angelina close to her heart and, singing a soft lullaby, prayed all the while that her baby did not awaken.

The Alamo-Aftermath

Francisco, feeling a deep sense of self-loathing after the battle was ended, remained behind within the mission walls despite the order for all soldiers to depart forthwith.  He hid in a room along the west wall, somehow feeling closer to his fallen comrades therein.  Affording himself a few moments to contemplate the events of the preceding two hours, he felt an overwhelming desire to erase all of it, every second of it, from his mind forever.  He would pray to the Virgin Mary; surely she would bring him strength to accomplish this task.  Certain that his very life lay in the balance, he determined that he must at all costs find a way to forget.
He realized that he had made an enormous mistake during the battle - instead of delaying until the last, he should have gone over the wall at the first possible moment.  If he had thought to do so, he would now be with his comrades – in heaven.  He so desperately wanted to join them, but instead he had sinned, a terrible, unforgivable sin.  Pondering, he self-consciously fingered his medal of San Francisco.  He thought on his patron saint, who had sinned as well, but he had somehow been forgiven.  Francisco resolved to read more about San Francisco.  He must find a way to find forgiveness for his sin.
As he sat there, he heard a distinctive sound from the courtyard, it was the unmistakable clank of swords.  Discerning the unique voice of General Santa Anna, he peered disconsolately from a tiny window and, perceiving a procession of officers, he observed them, apparently searching through the mass of bodies.  
There was General Santa Anna, leading the procession.  He seemed smaller to Francisco than he had remembered.  There was also a black man, perhaps a slave, who accompanied the procession in some as yet unknown quest.  Here and there, he halted and pointed at a slain Texian, each one surrounded by lifeless uniformed soldiers, the cost of victory having been incomprehensibly excessive.  Along the north wall the small group halted, the black man gesturing pointedly toward a body.  General Santa Anna unsheathed his sword and, apparently enacting some macabre ceremony, incongruously stabbed the corpse.  
Francisco, pondering such a bizarre scene, asked himself, “What possible purpose could there be in stabbing a dead man?”

March 7, 1836   
Consuela Maria de la Garza
San Patricio de Zacatecas
Mexico
Dear Sister-
I hope with all my heart that this letter finds you in good health.  As for me, my health is good, but my spirit is not.  I write to you from San Antonio de Bexar, where we have won a battle against the Texians.  There is a mission here called the Alamo.  The Texians defended this mission, and our army defeated them most gloriously, killing everyone except for a few women and children.  
Some soldiers are saying as many as 250 Texians were killed, but at great loss to the Mexican army.  Including the wounded, we lost perhaps close to a thousand men.  I do not understand the purpose of this war.  It all seems senseless to me.
There are rumors that we are coming home now, that the war is over, but I do not believe them.  There are other rumors that the Texians still have a large army at Goliad.  No one seems to know what will happen next.  I will write to you when I know more.
I miss you terribly. 

Your beloved brother-
Francisco

San Antonio-The Following Day

General Santa Anna was aware of the enormous number of casualties, but no matter, such was the price of victory.  He had read Julius Caesar’s Gallic Wars.  Accordingly, he would now practice a little known aspect of war - the art of disguise.  In his official transmissions to Mexico City, the outcome would be glorified, the casualties justified as necessary.   His army would shortly return home, welcomed as conquering heroes.
Hearing a knock at his door, he responded sonorously, “Enter!” and, observing the officer before him, inquired, “Ah, General Filisola.  How soon can we get underway to proceed back to Mexico?”
General Filisola, obviously horrified at this prospect, responded doubtfully, “Sir?”
Obviously irritated at the general’s hesitation, Santa Anna snarled at him, “You heard me, general!”
Snapping to attention in evident fear, General Filisola replied, “General Santa Anna, sir, we have many hundreds of injured soldiers.  Many of them are very seriously wounded.  Perhaps hundreds will die if we attempt to move them too quickly.”
“Then we will leave them here.  I must get back to Mexico.  This war is clearly over.”
“Sir, with all due respect, there is still a sizable army at Goliad!  If we retreat, they may capture our wounded.”
“General Urrea will take care of them,” El Presidente responded brusquely, adding self-assuredly, “The Texans are defeated.  We can go home.”
“Sir, I beg of you - do not do this!” Filisola submitted, “We must stay here for the moment.  Please, wait a few days to see what happens at Goliad.”
Softening somewhat, Santa Anna responded, “Perhaps you are right,” and, placing his hands together in contemplation, commanded, “Very well, general.  Send out a messenger to General Urrea.  Find out how things stand at Goliad.  Also, send General Urrea half of General Cos’ regiment.  Urrea’s army should be somewhere between Refugio and Goliad.  Oh, and General Filisola, bring me the Texian woman, Señora Dickinson.  I have decided to set her free.”
“Why, Excellency?”
“I should think that would be obvious, General - we must have a messenger.  The defenders having been extinguished to the last man, the Texian rebels must be informed that we have destroyed their army.  Señora Dickinson will accomplish that task for us.”

Near Goliad-Two Days Later

Francisco was elated to be on the road to Goliad.  Although it had been several months since he had passed through there, his memory of it had been of a quite enchanting place.  He remembered especially the small chapel.  Even more than he needed to escape Bexar, he was in desperate need of a holy place to pray for forgiveness, and Bexar held only bad memories for him. 
But now he was on the road and, a pleasant sunny day in the offing, he and his comrades had been assigned to join General Urrea’s army.  Francisco had heard from quite a few soldiers that General Urrea was perhaps the best field commander in the entire army.  Blessed with so many positive developments, Francisco began to wonder if perhaps his dire thoughts in Bexar had been overwrought.

Southwest of Gonzales

Captain Seguin, Hawk at his side, led the small group of men down the road on horseback.  Their attempts to raise reinforcements in Gonzales had failed miserably.  Try as they may, there had been little enthusiasm among the locals.  The infectious sense of triumphant enthusiasm that had permeated the hills of East Texas only three months earlier had turned to stark fear and dejection.  What little support they had been able to raise came from volunteers still trickling in from the United States of America.  Now, returning to the Alamo beneath a cloud of dejection, the small party pressed forward in a futile attempt to provide badly needed support for Colonel Travis and his forces.
Seguin, pushing his horse as fast as it was willing to go, suddenly squinted and pulled his hand to his brow.  A half mile down the road he could see movement.  Perceiving it to be a person, he continued forward carefully.  As he came nearer, he made out a skirt.  It was a woman, and clearly a Texian one.  He breathed a sigh of relief and continued, anticipating that she was most likely a refugee from the Alamo.  If so, perhaps she would have news.  Amplifying his pace in anticipation, he now realized that that there was a man traveling with her.  
Turning in his saddle, Captain Seguin queried, “Hawk, do you see what I see?”
“Yes, Juan, I see them,” Hawk responded and, his concern mounting, added, “That’s Joe, Colonel Bowie’s man.  And the woman is Almaron Dickinson’s wife.  I don’t know her name.”
Hastening directly to the small party, Seguin announced perfunctorily, “Mrs. Dickinson, good morning to you.  I am Captain Seguin.  What brings you this way, if I may be so bold?”
“Yes, I know you Señor Seguin, and I recognize Mr. Banks there, too,” she responded.  Clearly in distress from the effort of carrying her baby on such a fetid day, she halted and, pointing toward the black man, added, “This here is Joe.”
“What news have you for us. Mrs. Dickinson?  How goes the battle?” Seguin queried.
“It’s all over, two days ago, Señor Seguin,” she announced bluntly, adding morosely, “I am most distressed to inform you, sir, that they are all dead.”
“What?” Captain Seguin exclaimed and, his jaw dropping, he stared at her incredulously.  “The entire Army of Volunteers?  Are you certain?”  
Hawk too was staring, obviously dumbfounded into utter speechlessness.
“Sir, I am as certain as any living person could be,” she responded with a look of great sadness.  “While I did not witness the battle, being disposed to protect my daughter Angelina within the walls of the chapel, me and Joe here was forced to view the field of battle after it was all over.  I can assure you, sir, they are all dead, and a more horrible sight you will never see, one that I hope shall never be repeated again on this sorry earth.”  
Joe, enduring her speech in silence, nodded his despondent affirmation.

Gonzales-The Following Day

General Houston received the news with great consternation.  First, messages had been received confirming that Grant’s and Johnson’s forces had been decimated in a series of skirmishes south of Goliad.  Now, incomprehensibly, word had come that Travis’ and Bowie’s army had been completely destroyed at the Alamo.  
The citizens of Gonzales were utterly devastated.  Not three weeks earlier they had sent thirty of their hardiest men to fight with the forces at the Alamo.  It simply did not seem possible that every last one of them could have perished so quickly.  Literally every person in the city had lost a friend, a loved one, or a relative.  
General Houston immediately sent a message to Colonel Fannin at Goliad instructing him to evacuate La Bahia forthwith and join him in Gonzales.  There were now sufficient forces remaining in Texas to afford only a single army, and Houston was determined to make the most of them.  Accordingly, Houston set about the process of preparing the city of Gonzales for an evacuation eastward. 
The news now raced eastward across Texas.  As the word spread, the reaction across Texas grew rapidly to one of universal outrage.  


Chapter 17

Surrendering to Death

Freedom is never free.
-Anonymous

South of Coleto Creek-Mid-March, 1836

Colonel William Fannin surveyed the hills to the south.  For the thousandth time, he regretted that he had been unable to complete his military training at West Point.  Still, he had continued to study when the opportunity arose, and one thing he had repeatedly read was that war was always accompanied by military blunders.  
He realized now that he had possibly made a mistake.  Perhaps he should have kept going when he had attempted to reach the Texians at Bexar. Now they were all dead.  Barring that, he might have led his troops northwards sooner.  In either case, he would not have suffered the humiliation on the battlefield the preceding day.  
His force had been caught in an untenable position by General Urrea’s army.  Accordingly, Fannin had had no choice but to surrender for the welfare of his men.  Perhaps someday he would get another chance to prove his military skills, but not in this war, Urrea having forced him to agree to terms.  Fannin’s army would be repatriated in Louisiana, his only solace being that at least they would not suffer the same fate as those who had died within the walls of the Alamo.

Near Goliad-The Following Day

Hank awoke with a start.  Having been afforded little sleep of late, he was disoriented for a moment, thinking himself back at San Antonio, within the walls of the Alamo.  As he shook the cobwebs away, he began to recall.  Ah, yes, it was coming back now.  He had escaped to Goliad with Major Bonham, who had subsequently returned to the Alamo.
He still found it difficult to believe that Bonham was now dead.  If the reports could be believed, they were all dead.  And most inconceivable of all, Hank simply could not get his mind around the concept that the seemingly indestructible Hawk Banks was no longer alive on this earth.  But there it was, nonetheless.  It all seemed so pointless.  
And now this mess, and a fine mess it was.  At first, Hank had been overjoyed to be within the safety of the fortress at La Bahia in Goliad.  It had seemed a fine fortress, and the rolling countryside was far more pleasing to the eye than the stark landscape surrounding Bexar.  Colonel Fannin had impressed him, too.  At first, he had seemed a fine commander.  But more than three weeks under his command had changed Hank’s opinion, and unfortunately, much for the worse.
First, Colonel Fannin had sent off an entire company of forty men to Refugio, where they had all promptly been captured by the Mexican Army.  It had subsequently developed that there were in fact two armies heading north from Mexico, and Goliad was directly within the path of the second one.  
Then, as if that wasn’t enough, that darn fool colonel had decided to take his entire army to Bexar.  They had only gotten as far as the river before they had all turned around and gone back to La Bahia - some foolish nonsense about the wagons breaking down.
The entire army had trudged back to the mission and waited for two more weeks.  Hank could not for the life of himself understand why they had sat around for so long doing absolutely nothing.  Heck, they’d found out about the defeat at the Alamo a couple of days after it had happened.  But no, they had lollygagged around on their haunches for days and days, and then, after it was already too late, Fannin had decided to high-tail it north with his army. 
Well sir, they made it less than twenty miles before the attacking army had cornered them at some creek called Colete, or Coleto, or something to that effect.  And here was the worst part of all - like a fool, Colonel Fannin had commanded the men to form into a square right smack in the middle of a field, when there were plenty of good trees for cover not two hundred yards away.  Under the circumstances, they had fought pretty well, but from the first shot it was clear that a victory was out of the question.  Even Hank’s untrained military mind had been able to see that.
Predictably, barely a quarter of an hour into the doomed battle, they had surrendered.  What a crock!  Hank had been furious.  They had twice as many men as Travis had commanded at the Alamo, and Colonel Fannin had pissed the entire force right down the creek.
And here was the last and most miserable insult of all, they were now all forced to march back to La Bahia, under armed guard by the victorious enemy forces.  Now, possessed of a splitting headache from the thought of it all, Hank wished gloomily he hadn’t awakened this morning.
By the time the defeated army arrived back at the mission late that afternoon, Hank’s feet were killing him.  The summer heat had begun to set in and, as was the usual case in such circumstances, the gathering sweat in his boots proved to be yet another villain, causing painful blisters.  He missed ol’ Hawk.  Nothing nearly so bad as this had ever transpired the whole time he had been with Hawk Banks.  
The distraught and defeated Texians traipsed into the courtyard, where they were held for a few hours, and then the general commanding the enemy forces - his name was Urrea - had ordered them all into the chapel.  Two hundred and fifty men were forced to cram themselves into that dark and stinking little chapel.  
Hank was beside himself in abject misery.  He spent the first night hallucinating, somehow imagining he was back in the Alamo.  In his mind, he was still there, along with his fellow comrades.  It had been a far better existence than this.  Why had he left there?  Better to die gloriously there than to suffer such humiliation.  But then, drifting back to reality, he realized disconsolately – they were all dead!  Perhaps, he thought to himself, even this ignominious existence was better than that.
By the following morning, the entire chapel was beset with rampant misery.  There was simply insufficient room for the cramped occupants to find any comfort at all.  Exhausted men were seen to be sleeping standing up!  Hank was hurting as well, but he reasoned that at least he was not wounded.  Those who had been injured were in better surroundings, having been placed elsewhere and tended by Texian doctors, but rumors quickly spread among the detainees that their circumstances were dire as well.  
There was a woman, they said her name was Francisca.  She was apparently the wife of one of the Mexican officers, believe it or not, and she commenced tending to the soldiers.  Hank was incredulous.  He had not anticipated receiving such kindness from the enemy, but there it was nonetheless.  
Fellas were sayin’ that the Mexicans had tried to stop Francisca, but that she had just told all of them to go to hell, or something to that effect, and she had both treated everyone, and treated them well indeed.  She was there, night and day, treating the sick, the wounded, the dying - soldiers from both sides.  In such circumstances, she was a brilliant ray of sunshine, providing hope to the forlorn.  It was something to see.  
By the third day, men were beginning to become ill from the poor facilities. There was no latrine, forcing the prisoners to do their business in a corner of the chapel.  The place stank like a pig sty.  Amazingly, this angel of a woman succeeded in getting conditions improved within.
But then another batch of prisoners arrived from Refugio, and conditions became even tighter.  Hank had never been so miserable in his entire life.  By now, everyone was starting to get sick.  The water was becoming fowl, the specter of plague now becoming a very real concern.  Hank figured something had to be done very soon, otherwise they would all perish.
Sure enough, a week into their incarceration, General Urrea announced they were all going to march out on the morrow, and they were going be shipped out to New Orleans, where they would be repatriated.  Someone noted that the following day would be Palm Sunday. 

La Bahia Military Headquarters-That Same Day

General Urrea had made it clear to Colonel Fannin that he himself had no authority to negotiate terms of surrender at Coleto Creek, but he had nonetheless given Fannin his word that the Texian prisoners would receive humane treatment, and so far as possible, he would use his influence to convince General Santa Anna that the prisoners should be sent to New Orleans and paroled.  Given these reassurances, Fannin’s troops had marched back to La Bahia and begun preparing for the process of shipping them out to New Orleans.  A week had passed, during which Urrea had sent word to General Santa Anna.  
General Urrea considered himself a reasonable man, perhaps even a compassionate one.  Most of all, he was a soldier, a man of principle who followed orders instinctively, but the orders he subsequently received from El Presidente were infuriating!  He despised having his solemn promise to Colonel Fannin overturned by his commander, but he had now been commanded to the contrary.  Such was the lot in life of even the most senior of officers in the military.  
Now commanded to perform an inhumane act, Urrea feared that it would serve to further incite the Texians.  He had been trained well in military school.  One thing he had always remembered – never underestimate your enemy.  These Texians were completely untrained, and they were disorganized to the point of continually squabbling among themselves.  But one thing was certain - they were hard fighting men.  They would not go down without a fight, and executing Colonel Fannin’s entire army would ultimately only make things worse for the Army of Mexico.  But he had his orders and, to his infinite dismay, they must be carried out.

La Bahia-The Following Morning

James Fannin gazed wistfully out over the prairie to the west.  He allowed his mind to wander.  It had been many days since he had been spared the pressure of command to drive his daily routine.  Now, his mind freed from greater concerns, he pondered inanely how much he had always hated Texas trees.  Why couldn’t Texas have real trees, like Virginia?  Stubby oak trees just got in the way of good farming, they didn’t supply any shade to speak of, and mesquite trees were even worse.  With the Texas summer coming on, shade would be in short supply.  
His mind continuing to wander, he wondered for a moment where he would be this coming summer.  Would he be held prisoner - taken to Mexico City and paraded around in a cage?  He doubted the word of his captors.  
Surely they would intern an army only until the war was over, but after the massacre at the Alamo, he had to consider all possibilities.  Still, he doubted that Santa Anna was so merciless as to execute an entire army.  How had he ended up in this godforsaken place, anyway?
He was suddenly brought back to reality as, the troops heading out in columns in three different directions from the mission, each column was accompanied by Mexican soldiers.  Fannin was proud of his men.  They had served well.  
As Fannin watched from the mission parapet, the men, knapsacks on their backs, quite incongruously began to sing!  The three lines now grew longer as they headed out across the prairie, snaking off in the distance, until at length, his now lost army disappeared from view.  Only he and the wounded now remained within the mission walls.  

Goliad-On the Prairie beyond the Mission Walls

Francisco, his mind in a growing turmoil, wondered how in the name of the Virgin Madonna could he satisfy his religious vows and his military orders at one and the same time?  As they marched out across the prairie, each soldier accompanying a Texian prisoner on his right, he searched for a viable solution.  
Francisco, unable not look at the prisoner on his right without fear of betraying his intent,  attempted instead to glance at him sidelong so as not to be detected.  The man was tall, taller than most, perhaps almost a head taller than himself.  He seemed older than Francisco, but not yet to the age of forty.  Francisco had a fleeting thought that if theTexian had been armed he probably would have easily been able to kill Francisco.  
Francisco had no real knowledge of killing.  He himself would have been killed by any experienced soldier.  In the end, as they walked onwards, he could only feel deep sorrow for the both of them.  It was as if the pair was locked in a dance, a dance that would ultimately spiral into death.  And in all truth, of the two, he felt certain that no more than one of them would ever reach the pearly gates of heaven.  
Suddenly, he heard a loud volley from off in the distance, and he realized that the killing had begun.  He attempted to pretend as if it was nothing and, failing miserably, he sensed that his prisoner had apparently discerned his intended fate.  
The second volley now came from another direction and, the command suddenly given to open fire on the prisoners, his comrades all along the line quickly turned on their captives.  The soldier on Francisco’s left fired, as did the one on his right.  Raising his musket to fire, Francisco gazed squarely into the eyes of his intended victim.  The man stared at back him, horror creasing his features.  
Time froze.  Francisco scrutinized the man’s dark hair, his full beard, even a tiny mole on his left cheek.  As he did so, he raised his musket and, pointing carefully, thought to himself, “The Virgin Mary will never forgive me for such an act.”  
The man stood transfixed, no more than a single arm’s length away, but when Francisco fired, he missed completely.  The man stared at Francisco, an indescribable expression on his face - was it fear, or was it hatred – turned, and ran.  
A thick cloud of smoke now settled over the open field.  Francisco glanced about himself, surveying the carnage.  There were men screaming all about, many mortally wounded.  Most soldiers were now hastily reloading, others simply clubbing the wounded Texians where they lay.  Francisco peered in the direction where his captive had fled.  Mercifully, he had disappeared into the cloud of smoke.  
Francisco, his sense of relief beyond anything he could express, lost all control of his legs and, suddenly stumbling, he collapsed to a sitting position.  He tossed his musket viciously away and, bringing his hands to his face, sobbed uncontrollably.

Fifty Yards Away

Hank, sprinting as fast his legs would carry him, hoped that in the smoke and confusion no one would follow.  He assumed that anyone who might be after him would have to reload their muskets, and that would take a good thirty seconds.  By then he would hopefully be into the trees, and maybe, just maybe, he would escape.  
Having little opportunity to contemplate, he wondered as he ran if the soldier had meant to miss him.  He had seemed to Hank to be little more than a boy, and the look on his face had been one of naked despair.  
Hank, glancing over his shoulder, realized that two soldiers were following him.  As they were at least thirty yards off, he still had a chance.  Reaching the river bank, he didn’t even break his stride.  He launched himself full length into the water and, submerging himself, swam for his very life.  From beneath the water’s surface he heard two musket shots, felt them rip through the water, but neither struck their intended mark.  When he came up for air, he was two-thirds of the way to the opposite bank, the two soldiers apparently fumbling with their muskets in an attempt to reload them.  
He swam as fast as he could for the water’s edge, hoping that none of the soldiers jumped in the river to follow.  He climbed up the bank, crested the ridge on the far bank and, without looking back, he disappeared from view before they had time to get off another shot.  

La Bahia

Colonel Fannin, still lost in thought, suddenly heard an enormous volley from off in the distance.  Then came another volley, followed by a third.  Realizing immediately what it foretold, Fannin stood quickly and stared off towards the prairie, as if straining to see what he could not.  His face drained of its color as the realization of what was happening spread over him.  The entire melee was over in less than five minutes.  
Fannin turned to stare at General Urrea, mouth open, eyes wide, at first with disbelief, finally, with undisguised hatred.  He lunged at the general, but his shackles prevented him from succeeding.  Instead, he stumbled, fell, and grabbed at the general’s feet.  “Why?” was all he could strain from his lips, mouth bleeding from the fall.
“I am sorry, Colonel.  General Santa Anna’s orders,” was the sad but firm response from the general.
Managing to rise to his feet, Fannin now gazed toward the prairie one last time, imagining the bodies of his entire army and, suddenly gagging, threw up, once, twice, and then a third time, finally heaving dryly.  
Regaining his full stature, he exploded, “You’ll never get away with this, you dirty son of a whore!”
General Urrea, apparently having already steeled himself for just such an insult, stood silently, outwardly unfazed.  He turned to his orderly and gave a command in Spanish that Fannin did not understand.  He turned back to Fannin and said sadly, “And now, Señor Fannin, I must bid you adios.  May God grant you safe passage.”  
Fannin was escorted away and, a few moments later, he was shot at point blank range.  He and his army were no more.

Near Goliad

Julie had arrived too late for the battle, such as it was.  According to what she’d been told, the Texians had surrendered more or less without a fight.  This had given her cause for elation, as she had learned on arriving that Hank had been at the Alamo, but had left there for Goliad with a party under the command of Major Bonham.  Apparently, Hank had remained in Goliad.  Miraculously, Hank had escaped death yet again, Fannin’s men having surrendered at Coleto Creek the previous week.  
She attempted to get word into the mission that she was there, waiting for him.  But the Mexican army was there, and it was dangerous to approach anywhere near them.  With no other option, she waited two miles away with a group of camp followers.  The wait was agonizing, her concern mounting by the hour.  The awaiting camp followers grew tired and hungry, both armies having looted the local countryside of nearly everything edible.  
After three days, word came that the Mexican Army was going to set Fannin’s entire army free on the promise that they would fight no more.  This made infinite sense to Julie.  She and Auggey only had to wait a few more hours.
The following morning, as they were waiting under a tree by the creek, they heard a great loud firing of guns that endured scant few minutes.  The camp followers, immediately growing fearful, anticipated the worst had happened, but no one dared go closer to the mission.  Though Julie was beside herself with concern and misery, she did her best to keep Auggey busy and distracted.


Chapter 18

Renegades and Runaways

I have never witnessed such scenes of human suffering…their clothes were scant, and with no means of shelter from the frequent drenching rains and bitter winds, they traveled on through the long days in wet and bedraggled apparel, finding even at night little relief from their suffering, since the wet earth and angry sky offered no relief.
-Creed Taylor

Near Goliad-Late March, 1836

An elderly Tejano man, clearly upset, came rushing up to the followers’ camp on a burro.  A crowd gathered around him, everyone asking questions all at once.  Dismounting hurriedly, he held up his hands, signaling the crowd to silence.  “My fellow Texans,” he said reluctantly, “This is a very sad day for Texas.”  He paused a moment and, wiping sweat from his brow, announced sadly, “The Mexican Army has executed the prisoners at Goliad.”
People up close to him were stunned, but those farther back could not quite hear what was being said. As a result, an uproar broke out.  “What did he say?” was heard from several mouths.
Someone in the crowd yelled vehemently, “The sons-of-bitches killed them all!”
The effect – stunned silence - was instantaneous.  Someone then inquired loudly, “who killed who?”
“The Mexican Army done killed every darned last Texian, that’s who done got killed,” shouted a man at the front.
“Was they all kilt?” a man asked, grabbing the old man and shaking him.
“Yes, I’m afraid so,” the old man replied morosely.  
A man, clearly out of control, grabbed him by the shirt and yanked him to the ground.  He began kicking him repeatedly.  Others joined in, a which point another man jumped into the foray and screamed, “Stop it.  This man is my friend!  He didn’t hurt anyone!  He came here to tell us.  Stop this, you fools!”
Yet another man grabbed the pleading man and struck him and, although a few additional punches were thrown, in the end folks began to realize that they didn’t want to fight with each other.  The ones they needed to fight were somewhere else.  As a result, the fighting dwindled rapidly to a halt.
Julie understood all too well exactly what had transpired.  Hank, if he was still at Goliad, was now dead.  Part of her wanted to rush to the mission and find his body, to take him home to rest in peace.  But another part was terrified, not for herself, but for her son and her unborn baby.  The Army of Mexico, camped not more than two miles away, was close enough that their guns could be heard.  Julie realized with resignation that the time had come to make a hasty retreat. 
There was now a general surge to escape from Goliad ahead of the Mexican Army.  Nobody knew where to go, but they all knew one thing – safety was to the east rather than the west.  And if they didn’t get out of there fast, they would be captured by the oncoming Army of Mexico.

East of Gonzales

General Houston was midstream, crossing the Colorado, when a messenger rode up and saluted.  “Yes, what is it?” Houston exclaimed crossly.
“Sir, I have news.  A rider has just come in on the road from Goliad.  The Mexican Army killed them.  They executed Fannin’s entire army, sir!”
Houston, staring incredulously at the soldier, didn’t say a word.  Instead, he squinted furiously with that hard look that he was famous for.  His first reaction was to curse Fannin.  That man had found a way to avoid following every order that Houston had ever given him.  “And Colonel Fannin, is he dead, too?” Houston inquired with evident bluntness.
“Yes, sir, at least that’s what I was told by the man who rode in with the news.”
Houston, struggling to control his emotions, pondered the stark reality that the entire Army of Texas had been completely wiped out in the space of three weeks.  This was just too much to bear.  
Houston was overwhelmed by the hopelessness of the situation.  He was now the commander of a non-existent army in a non-existent nation.  “Get me that man, soldier,” he exclaimed, “I want to question him further,” but it was only a feint.  In reality, he had no earthly idea what to do next.  He had predicted for months that this would happen, but no one had listened.  And now here it was - exactly what he had feared had actually come to pass.  For months no one had followed his orders, and now there was no one left to follow his orders.

General Santa Anna welcomed the entire staff into his private chamber.  He had taken the occasion to open a bottle of his finest porto, his porter now pouring a glass for each of the officers.   All were dressed in their finest uniforms.  There was Cos, restored from ignominy to prominence, as well as so many others who had followed him these many years.  “Gentlemen,” the commanding general began, “Word has just come of the destruction of Colonel Fannin’s entire army at Goliad.  I am proud to inform you that all semblance of organized resistance in Texas has come to an end.  We have successfully dispatched the traitorous Texian forces, as well as the pirates, those agents of the United States of America, from the country of Mexico.”  Amidst the silence, he raised his glass, announcing, “Gentlemen, a toast – Viva Mexico!”
“Viva Mexico!” was the unified and proud response.
“Gentlemen,” Santa Anna now announced affably, “What remains is now little more than a mopping-up exercise.  We leave tomorrow for Gonzales, where my informants tell me that the Commanding General Sam Houston is now – if I may be so bold - in charge of a nonexistent army.  We shall roll up the remaining insurgents in a pincher movement, with five columns pressing eastward, driving all who do not swear allegiance to Mexico before them, and we shall not stop until we have driven them all the way across the Sabine, back to where they came from!”
“Hooray!  Viva El Presidente!  Viva Mexico!” burst forth from the assembled group.  

East of Gonzales

The morning sun already well up in the sky, the somewhat dilapidated little town was bathed in broiling heat.  Nothing moved except a single skeletal dog lying in the middle of the street.  Periodically, his head rising to yip at an invading fly, he subsequently flopped back down.  Otherwise, all was silent and motionless.  
Suddenly, the dog stood up, growled, and yelped a single time.  A man dressed in an apron, broom in hand, immediately stepped out of a doorway and peered off to the east.  The dog, by now pointing in the opposite direction, had the better of it.  A low rumble was coming from the west.  A dust cloud had begun to form, and now it was possible to hear the sound of horses.  Seconds later a column came into view, slowly advancing into the center of town.  The man in the apron ran into the saloon, a muffled cry bursting from within immediately thereafter.  Several people now came running out onto the street, wondering at the approaching throng.
“Why, it’s the whole dang Texas Army,” cried one of them in disbelief.  
Sam Houston was at the head of the column, his tall and rigid demeanor evident even in the saddle.  “Where you headed, General?” cried out a youngster, somehow blissfully unaware that this was not proper behavior.  
The general, staring straight ahead, kept on moving, the entire army trailing behind him in full retreat.  It was indeed a pitiful sight to see.
Hawk trailed behind, near the head of the column.  Events had moved along rapidly after Susannah Dickinson had met them on the road to Bexar.  Mrs. Dickinson had said in no uncertain terms that Santa Anna’s army was directly behind her.  Hawk had doubted that, given the magnitude of the battle she had described, but he had not been in a position to question her assertions at the time.  Under the circumstances, they had had no choice but to retreat in haste.  
Captain Seguin had suggested that the best course of action was to return to Gonzales as quickly as possible and report to General Houston.  This they had done, arriving the following day to a stunned and terrified populace.  In fact, the locals had been so incredulous as to disregard Mrs. Dickinson’s account.  The poor woman had been exhausted by repeated inquiries regarding this and that, but mostly regarding how their loved ones had perished, which she of course could not elaborate upon, she having been in hiding throughout the battle.
General Houston, who had been despondent, had nevertheless somehow managed to rally and restore order to the rapidly degenerating situation in Gonzales.  Making plans to immediately evacuate Gonzales, he had sunk the cannons in the river before departing with his army.
Two days later they had marched eastward from Gonzales.  The town burned to the ground that night.  Some folks said it was General Houston that had ordered it.  Others believed it was Santa Anna’s advance guard.  In either case, it was but a precursor of things to come.  
From now on, there was no going back.  The Republic of Texas would either go down in history as a figment in the imaginations of a few unfortunate rebels, or…well, the truth was, Hawk couldn’t think of another alternative.  That, of course, was why he was no leader.  He hoped that Houston was a smarter man than he appeared to be, that he had conceived of a visionary scheme that would save the day.   
During the crossing of the Colorado, word had arrived of the defeat of Fannin’s army, and Houston had fallen into a second fit of despair, and on this occasion he had gotten falling down drunk.  But he had rallied yet again, at which point Hawk was obliged to admit great admiration for the way the general had recovered his composure.
Hawk, on hearing that Fannin’s troops had been defeated, had been deeply concerned for Hank.  Now in full retreat with Houston’s rather small force, he had even gone so far as to suggest that he be allowed to ride down to La Bahia to see what he could do, but Houston had denied his request.  Although General Houston had been correct in the military sense, that had been wholly unrelated to Hawk’s motivation.
Then the unbelievable news had come that Fannin’s entire army was lost – executed by Santa Anna’s oncoming army.  Hawk was despondent.  First he’d lost Antonia, and now Hank.   Whiskey and mescal had become his best friends, and it really hadn’t mattered which he came upon first.
Houston, sensing that Hawk was worth saving, had dragged him out of his stupor and ordered him to drill the troops.  What a joke that was, but at least it had kept him busy.  There were only maybe three hundred and fifty men, half of them with weapons incapable of shooting a snapping turtle from ten feet.  But Hawk knew there was method in Houston’s insanity – he was simply keeping everyone busy.  
Hawk was now a regular officer in the Army of Texas.  Sam Houston had promoted him to Captain.  Hawk had to laugh to himself, although it really wasn’t a laughing matter. The fact was, this was no army at all.  It was instead a mob, and all of them intent on the same thing - escaping the oncoming Army of Mexico.  Overnight, Hawk had been appointed an unpaid officer in a highly irregular regular army of a nonexistent country.  
It developed that while Hawk and his now deceased buddies had been surrounded at the Alamo, a new government had been formed at San Felipe.  Those despicable lawyers and land speculators had been sitting on their backsides throughout the entire conflict, and now, when they were needed most of all on the front lines, they had been sitting more than a hundred miles to the east politicking!  The upshot was that they had all signed a Declaration of Independence from Mexico not a week before the Alamo had fallen.  Then they had elected David Burnet as interim president of the Republic of Texas, and Sam Houston as Commander in chief of all of the Armies of Texas, including the volunteers.  
Now, to Hawk’s thinking these actions were too little too late.  There was now in Texas an Army of Mexico that numbered nearly ten thousand combatants, and there was no Army of Texas to speak of.  Instead, the Republic of Texas was composed entirely of a lumbering horde of refugees, all doing their best to get to the Sabine as fast as humanly possible.  Hawk, realizing he’d been fighting for nothing at all, decided his only defense against shear despondence was laughter.
That evening, the army having camped along a creek, Hawk went foraging for food and came upon a group of soldiers that were raiding a Tejano farm.  They had killed the man and his son, subsequently attacking the woman and her two daughters.  Hawk fired off his musket, aimed his rifle at the lot of them, and ordered them back to camp.  Having dispensed with the lot of them, he tended to the women as best he could and, revolted by the behavior of his fellow soldiers, stumbled out of the villa courtyard and headed back to camp.  
“This isn’t why we are fighting for Texas,” he thought sadly to himself.  That night he was unable to sleep, playing over the horrible images in his mind.  Somehow, the war had gone terribly wrong.  What had started as a fight for freedom had now degenerated into something else, something despicable.  He drifted into a semi-delirious dream state, somehow mixing the images of the Tejano women with dreams of Antonia.  Near sunrise, he awoke in a cold sweat and, unable to go back to sleep, he arose and attempted to gird himself for further dismay.

East of Goliad

Hank, pacing himself eastward as fast as he could possibly move, avoided following any of the main roads for fear that General Urrea had sent out soldiers in search of any Texians who might have escaped.  Instead, repeatedly crossing fields with waist-high grass, he made a desperate attempt to put as many miles as possible between himself and Goliad.
That night he slept under a large tree next to a creek.  He wasn’t certain, but he suspected that it was Coleto Creek, the same creek where he and his comrades had suffered defeat only a week earlier.  All he knew was that he was headed east, and since he had not taken the main road, he had no idea where he was.  As he did so, he pondered the realization that almost everyone he knew was now dead.
The following morning Hank awoke to the sound of a horse neighing.  He immediately ducked down low along the bank of the creek, fearful that it might be the enemy hot on his trail.  He peered off in the direction of the noise, and there, not two hundred yards upstream, he observed a woman with a horse-drawn wagon attempting to make her way across the stream.  She was obviously having some trouble climbing the steep bank on the opposite side.  Hank weighed his options.  He was hungry, he had no firearm with which to hunt, and he had no money.  Everything of value had been taken from him.  
He decided on the spur of the moment to see if he could catch up with the woman before she got on down the trail.  Sensing that she might be willing to help him to get away in exchange for his protection, he jumped up from the creek bank and went tearing along through the tall grass in the field next to the creek.  He took what seemed like a lifetime to make his way to where she was, but he needn’t have been concerned, for when he finally reached her wagon, he realized that she hadn’t budged an inch.
“Ma’am!  Hey there,” Hank yelled from a safe distance.  He waived to her, attempting to demonstrate that he posed no threat.  Seeing him, the woman quickly reached for a rifle in her wagon.  Hank, surprised by her actions, stopped dead still and raised his hands in the air in submission.
“Please, ma’am, I mean you no harm,” he called out politely, adding hopefully, “And I am unarmed.  I see that you are having some difficulty crossing the creek.  Might I be of some assistance to you?”
At this the woman looked doubtful, but it was clear that she was flustered and exhausted by her present demise.  Raising her rifle, she shouted forcefully, “Mister, you walk this way, and don’t you be trying nothin’ suspicious!”
Hank complied, and as he came close up to her wagon, he could see that she was perhaps a few years older than him.  She was frowning powerfully at him, a look that appeared to be a mixture of fear and trepidation.  Still pointing her weapon, she inquired doubtfully, “What you doin’ there, Mister?  Where you goin’ off to here in the middle of nowhere?  And don’t go givin’ me no sass, you hear me!”
Hank, experiencing a brief reminiscence of similar treatment by his mother, reacted accordingly, responding obsequiously, “Shucks, ma’am, I ain’t out for nothin’ bad, no sir, I mean ma’am.  Fact is, I’m in bad trouble.  I can see you are, too, and I was hopin’ we might join forces so as to get somethin’ positive goin’ out here on the prairie,” and, fearing that he had perhaps said too much too quickly, he suddenly became silent.
The woman, peering at him for a few further moments, volunteered succinctly, “Name’s Betsy Wilkerson.  Lost my husband in the war, I did. And you sir, what’s your trouble?”
“I’ve been fightin’ in the Army of Texas.  Been at the Alamo, then Goliad.  Got captured there, and they done shot the whole darn Texas Army.”  Suddenly overwhelmed by the enormity of his disclosure, he fell to his knees, put his hands to his face, and began sobbing uncontrollably.
The woman, climbing down from the wagon, came over to him and grasped him within a matronly embrace.  She whispered comfortingly, “There, there now, you just let it all out.  Sometimes that’s the best.  Clean all that dark rain out so as to make room for the sunlight, that’s what I always say.”  Presently, his breakdown discernibly ended, she volunteered, “You’ve had some powerful bad times, I expect, mister…, what did you say your name was, sir?”
“Hank, Hank MacElrae,” Hank responded woefully, wiping his face on his sleeve.  “I’m sorry, ma’am.  I don’t know what came over me.  Such behavior is not like me at all.”
“Sign of the times, Mr. Hank MacElrae, sign of the times.  Whereabouts you from, Mr. Hank?”
“Bastrop.  Been farmin’ up yonder way with my wife Julie and my son Auggey these last two years.  Well, at least up until six months ago, when I got that darn fool notion to up and join the Volunteer Army of Texas!”
“Where are your wife and son now, sir?”
“No idea, absolutely no idea at all, Mrs. Wilkerson.”
“Please, sir, call me Betsy.”
“Why, thank you, ma’am.  And you call me Hank, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“Hank it is.  Well, Hank, supposin’ we get this wagon across this here Coleto Crick and head off east before General Santa Anna and the Army of Mexico catch up to us.”
“My thoughts exactly, Betsy.  And while we’re at it, would you be having anything to eat?”
“Yes, sir, reach in that there bag and you will find some bread cooked just yesterday.  You chew on that, and as soon as we cross this here crick, perhaps you will be so kind as to tell me exactly what happened back there at La Bahia yesterday mornin’.”  
Within minutes, the pair had somehow formed a pact of convenience, and off they went, heading eastward, along with half the population of Texas.  As they drove eastward, Hank thought on Julie and Auggey.  He wondered where they were now.  He wished he had written them, but he knew it would not have made any difference.  The war had stopped all forms of communication.  Where were they, he wondered.
The enemy now held nearly all of the land in Texas west of the Brazos.  Julie and Auggey would surely have fled east along with everyone else in Texas.  Where would they be now?  He wondered if they were already in Louisiana.  His face suddenly turning pale, a terrifying thought struck him - would he ever see his wife and son again?

Near the Brazos River-Three Days Later

Hawk headed off into some scrub brush, intent on relieving himself.  The Army of Texas, such as it was, made camp in a grove of trees just west of the Brazos River.  
Doing his business turned out to be more of a challenge than he had expected, and he ended up having to search around for a healthy supply of leaves to clean himself with after he’d completed his business.  He pulled up his pants and, hearing a rustling off to his left, he grabbed for his rifle.  Never knew what you’d find out in the wild these days.  Could be a wild boar, or it might even be a squad of Mexican soldiers.  
He lowered himself down to await the charging mass, whatever it was, but nothing untoward happened.  He waited a full minute, which under the circumstances seemed like an eternity.  But then he heard a bird chirping sound, a sound that was familiar to him.  A voice called out, “That you, Hawk?” There was a pause, and then it came again, “Hawk Banks?”
Hawk popped up within the thicket, head poking right out of a bush, calling out, “Hank?”
“Yes, sir, Mr. Banks, you done got that right!” Hank responded.
The two sort of eyed each other from a distance of perhaps thirty yards, both sorely attempting to insure their eyes weren’t tricking them.  “Well, I’ll be,” said Hawk, coming gingerly forward through the underbrush.  “Am I seeing the vision of a ghost?”
“No, sir,” replied Hank affably, “No more than I am, I reckon.”
Hawk strode up and darn near knocked Hank over with a bear hug that would have crushed a sizable coyote.  Hank coughed a bit and spat out, “No sir, no sir, ain’t possible that’s a hug from a ghost.  I reckon you’re as real as I am, Hawk Banks!”
“What in the name of thunder are you doing here, Hank?  Why aren’t you dead?  You ought to’ve been dead twice by now, the way I figure it!”
“Well, sir, that is one good question.  I suppose I’m trying to do the same thing as everyone else in Texas these days, and that is to survive one more day,” said Hank, scratchin’ his head in thought.  “Ain’t doin’ much of a job of it, though.  Anyway, it wasn’t no problem findin’ General Houston’s army, and when I got here this afternoon, Juan Seguin told me you was alive and somewhere round about here, so I set off to find you and say hello.”
Hawk slapped his knee, guffawed a bit, and true to form, hawked and spat.  “Aren’t we just a pair.  Me certain you died at Goliad, and you assuming God knows what, and here we are, both alive and still in this  damned runaway army.  I declare, I don’t know that I have ever in my life been so happy to see someone as I am to see you, Hank, you rascal!”
Hank chuckled, and Hawk asked, “How’d you get away from the Alamo, sir?”
“Got sent to Goliad with Major Bonham to get reinforcements.  He went back to Bexar, but I stayed at La Bahia.  Didn’t think it wise to go back to the Alamo.”  
“You got that right!” Hawk replied.  “And how, pray tell, did you manage to escape from Goliad?”
“I ain’t too sure of that myself.  All I know is when the shootin’ started, I ran like a jack rabbit that smelled a coyote.  Ain’t never run so far so fast in my entire life, Hawk.  Unfortunately, I ran so far I ran right into General Houston’s army a couple of hours ago.  I ain’t no volunteer like you, I got conscripted this time.  And here I am, out in the middle of nowhere, which, as it turns out, is exactly the right place to be if you’re searchin’ for one Hawk Banks!”
Hawk grinned big as day, and hawked again, right on cue.  “We were both born under a lucky star, Hank MacElrae, I’ll tell you that for sure.  Doubt there’s two other men on earth that’ve been through what we’ve been through the last six months, and both of us still alive to tell about it.”  Hawk paused to kick the dirt, adding, “All of a sudden I have a good feeling, Hank.  I’m thinking we just might make it through this whole damn sad affair, you and me.”
Hank grinned and, awarding Hawk another hug, suggested, “Well, I’ve no idea who’s pulling the strings up there, but I don’t know I’ve ever been so happy to see someone in my life, ‘ceptin’ maybe Julie.”
Hank grinned, responded, “This will do, won’t it.  We may have to run halfway to Tennessee with this blasted army, but we’ll be doing it together from now on, you and me.”


Chapter 19

An Army of Democracy

On my arrival at the Brazos, had I consulted the wishes of all, I should have been like an ass between two stacks of hay.  Many wished me to go below, others above.  I consulted none – I held no councils of war.  If I err, the blame is mine.
-General Sam Houston

East Texas-April 1, 1836

Hank was fed up with the whole damn revolution.  It was more than six months since he’d last seen Julie and Auggey.  Still worse, he had no idea where they were.  If they’d stayed at home, they were surely dead by now.  If they had fled, their odds that didn’t seem good neither, but at least it left some hope.  
Hank desperately wanted to slip out in the middle of the night and go find them, but now that he’d been conscripted, leaving amounted to a hanging offense.  Instead, day after day, hour after hour, he sat staring from the tent at the steadily pouring rain.  He’d never seen it rain so much in his entire life.  For the past two weeks, it had rained more or less continuously, night and day.  The rivers and creeks were by now swollen, many out of their banks, rendering them all but impassable.  
Hank’s every possession was by now soaked to perdition.  But true to form, old Hawk had come through.  He’d spent one especially dismal afternoon cooking up a pot of boiling animal fat and mud, subsequently basting the tent with the obscene concoction.  The brew had smelled gruesomely odiferous, prompting Hank to complain something terrible, but from the moment of its application, the tent had uniformly kept the rain out.  
“Damn thing still smells like a pile of bear farts,” he mumbled, still getting used to this new existence.
“What?” Hawk inquired, himself only half awake.
“Oh, nothin’,” Hank responded.  “Just smelling the fresh spring air!”
“Har, har,” Hawk shot back, his head clearing, “Stinks to high heaven in here, but we’re dry.  Half the other boys have done the same to their tents, and the other half are jealous.”
Something moved over near the corner of the tent and, Hank bolting to his feet, appeared ready to kill a snake.  “Stop it, Hank.  Don’t pay it any attention,” Hawk instructed.
“What the hell is that thing?” Hank asked in stupefaction.
“It’s a snapping turtle,” Hawk replied nonchalantly, “Must’ve gotten himself flushed out of his den in the creek, I reckon.  That happens in weather like this.”
“Well, I’ll be,” Hank said wistfully, dropping back down onto his bedroll, “Lost my wife and son.  Ain’t got no idea what’s happened to my farm, and I done run halfway across Texas escaping the Mexican Army.  Been rainin’ for days now…but – and here’s a drop of sunshine if there ever was one - I got me here a dry tent, and a snappin’ turtle to boot!  Ain’t life just grand, Hawk?”
“Eternal optimism, that is indeed what’s called for here, Hank,” Hawk responded sagely. 
“Optimism?  Optimism?  You speak of optimism?  Here we are, in this mudhole, the army shrinking noticeably by the day.  Texas is crawling with Mexican armies; nobody knows how many there are, or even where they are.  And that dang turd of a commander General Sam God-almighty Houston has us drilling in the rain.  You’d have thought we was on a Sunday stroll.”
Propping his hands behind his head, Hawk suggested, “Now, now, Hank - things aren’t as bad as that.”  Somehow, Hank could feel another one of Hawk’s speeches coming on. 
“Mirabeau Lamar says that Houston is an idiot,” Hank opined, continuing his lament, “Sidney Sherman is rumored to be considerin’ quitting the army.  And if that ain’t enough, some people are sayin’ President Burnet is about to kick Houston’s ass all the way back to Tennessee.”
“I know, I know, but patience, my man, patience,” Hawk injected, adding lamely, “It won’t be long now.”
“Meanin’ what, my dear genius friend?”  Hank queried doubtfully.
“Your friend General Houston is playing a mean game of chess, Hank.”
“This here ain’t no chess game, Hawk,” Hank exclaimed in stark irritation, “We got lives at stake!”
“Just a metaphor, just a metaphor, my man.  I’ve been observing our commander, and I believe he’s got the wind in his sails, and it’s just about to be blowing at his back, Hank.”
“Cut the sailor’s double talk and give it to me straight, Hawk,” Hank responded dubiously.
“Well, let’s us review the engagement up to this point, Hank.  First thing is – we know that Santa Anna takes no prisoners.”
“Well, that’s obvious!” Hank shot back impatiently.
Ignoring Hank’s tone, Hawk plowed on eloquently, saying, “Yes, so we know we only have one chance left.  This is the only army left in Texas so far as we know, at least the only one on our side.  How many men you suppose we have, Hank?”
“Depends on the day of the week…about a thousand, I’d say.”
“That could be high, but let’s suppose you’re right for the moment.  How many enemy soldiers are there in Texas, you think?”
“Well, we’re told there was five thousand at the Alamo.  Allowing for casualties, that means Santa Anna must have about four thousand.  And General Urrea must have a couple thousand more.  Then there’s the new ones arriving by ship.  I don’t rightly know, Hawk, maybe eight thousand total?”
“Damn, I hope you’re wrong, Hank.  But if you’re right, we’re outnumbered eight to one!”
“We’re good shots, though, and we’re bigger people than the enemy.”
“And how much do you think that accounts for?” Hawk queried with obvious condescension.
“Alright, I get your point,” Hank murmured and, apparently regretting this last inanity, repeated, “I get it.  So what do you think we gotta do?”
“We need to be smart.  We’re going to have to outthink them.  That’s what.”
“What exactly are you suggestin’?” Hank responded, relieved that Hawk was finally getting to the point.
“Well, sir, I read about Julius Caesar back at Harvard.  You do recall who Julius Caesar was, don’t you Hank?”
“Why, hell yes.  Everyone knows about that fella.  Fact is, my Julie is named after him.  Either that or the month of July, which amounts to the same thing.”
“Excellent, Hank!  You have a fine mind,” Hawk responded, half in jest.
“Don’t you be talkin’ down to me!” Hank blurted crossly.
“I assure you, I meant no offense,” Hawk apologized, “At any rate, that fellow Julius Caesar wrote about his war with the Celts in a book called The Gallic Wars.”
“You read that?” Hank inquired with obvious incredulity, “I didn’t even know people wrote books back then.”
“Yes, sir, I did, and that’s a fact.”
“Ain’t that book in Latin?” Hank responded, realization coming over him.
“Why yes, it is.  We were taught Latin at Harvard.  Anyway, Caesar defeated more than 300,000 Celts in Gaul.  And here is the most amazing part, he only had 60,000 legionnaires fighting on his side!”
“Wow!  Them odds sound like ours.  How’d he do it?  How’d he beat them Celts, Hawk?” and by now it was apparent that Hank was seriously interested.
“Well, that is a long story, and it doesn’t exactly apply here, but let’s just say that he outsmarted them.  He kept them on their heels, and he surprised them at every turn of events.”
“I see, kindda like that there Trojan horse thing,” Hank replied.  He wasn’t too sure exactly how that had gone, but he knew that it had somehow succeeded.
“Right!  So you know The Iliad!” Hawk responded, impressed yet again at Hank’s knowledge, adding, “Homer recounted the Trojans Wars.  And the element of surprise turned the course of that war, too.”
“So, if I follow you correctly, what we need here is a Trojan horse,” Hank replied.
“Yes, that about sums it up,” Hawk opined astutely.
“I just got one question.”
“What’s that, Hank?”
“Why ain’t you leadin’ this here army, Mr. Hawk Banks?  You got more up there than anybody else I know of.  Why ain’t you in charge, instead of some snivelin’ general with a yellow stripe up his backside who thinks that the element of surprise means drilling in a cold wet rain?”
“Well, the main reason I’m not leading this army is that I’m being forced to spend a whole lot of time explaining military strategy to you, Hank,” Hank put in humorously.
“Now, that was just plain offensive, sir,” Hank shot back, himself joining in the hilarity.
“I’m sorry, you’re right,” Hawk replied, swerving back to the serious path, “Truth is, I’m not leading because I’ve no stomach for it.  I’m having too much fun just living day to day.  I don’t want any more responsibility than that,  I expect.”  
“And General Houston does?”
“Well, let’s put it this way - he’s willing.”
“So let me get this straight,” replied Hank.  “You’re able but not willing, and Houston’s willing but not able.”
“Didn’t say that at all, no sir, not at all.  If you’d stop and think things through, you might decide that he is indeed both willing and able.”
“Give me some evidence, anything at all…anything,” Hank suggested, now zeroing in on the end game of their debate.
“For one thing, we haven’t engaged the enemy yet.”
“Bull crap!  That’s no evidence, sir!  That is more like a lack of evidence,” Hank exclaimed ruefully.
“Hank, had we engaged Santa Anna’s troops with this army, we’d all be dead now,” Hawk murmured softly, looking down at the ground as he said it.  He reached around the edge of his bedroll and pulled out the snapping turtle and placed it in front of him.  “So we must play like this snapping turtle - that’s what I’m thinking.  We need to lay low, because we have very few weapons at our disposal, and we must therefore pick exactly the right time and place.  And when that happens, just like this turtle, we can be very dangerous.  Maybe…just maybe…we can even win.”
“So General Houston is like a turtle, your saying?”
“In a way, yes.  You give him a little bit more time.  It won’t be long now, he’s going bite that over-confident Santa Anna on the butt.  You just wait and see!  And in my view, he’s fighting an even tougher battle than Caesar ever fought.”
“Why?” Hank look puzzled.
“Well, sir, Mr. Caesar had the luxury that if anyone disobeyed an order, he’d just cut out their liver and feed it to his dog.  Houston has to deal with this fellow and that disagreeing and spreading discontent within the ranks.  And somehow he still manages to keep this army aimed in the right direction.  You think about that, Hank, because in my book that’s pure genius!”

Army of Texas Headquarters

General Houston had struggled through yet another day of uniform discord among his followers.  Perched on his cot, he was unable to even contemplate the thought of sleep.  Having drilled the army for two weeks, he had during that span lost more than fifty men.  They had simply wandered off in the night, unable to comprehend the importance of fighting as an army.  Lacking proper military training, most of the men assumed that a battle consisted of little more than charging out into a field and shooting the enemy in some bellicose grand confrontation, not unlike a Sunday turkey shoot.  
Houston understood only now, after six months of attempting every means at his disposal to beg, cajole, order, appease, blackmail, and downright threaten the men under his command, that he could never mold them into an army.  Furthermore, he was beginning to believe that he would not be able to convince them to follow him to the Sabine, where General Edmund Gaines was assembling a seasoned army from the United State of America.  
General Ramirez y Sesma had unwittingly laid waste to that most attractive option by pressing close enough to Houston’s force that when word got out that Houston had feinted rather than attack, the troops had screamed louder than ever for Houston’s resignation.  The word rampant among the troops was that Houston was yellow, indeed a coward of whopping proportions.
The truth is, had Houston known that Sesma was so near with such a small force, he might have indeed taken a chance on engaging in battle, but information to that effect had come too late for Houston to consider such a possibility.
So now here he sat with an army that was shrinking by the day, and half of those who remained were under the weather.  Santa Anna had at least four, maybe five columns, each with a thousand or more well-trained soldiers, and Houston’s force had dwindled to less than eight hundred.  If any two of those columns caught Houston’s force at one time, his army would be wiped out for sure.  On the other hand, if he could somehow maneuver to engage one and only one of them, they might just score a victory of sorts.  And that now seemed to be his only chance of preserving the last remaining Army of Texas.
The last six months had indeed been the toughest of his entire life.  He realized that the next few days would be the most enduring of his existence.  He understood the significance of the moment.  Old Andy Jackson had seized the opportunity so many times back in the War of 1812.  Accordingly, Houston knew all too well that the time had come.  He had to find a crack in Santa Anna’s armor, and he had to find it quick.  
Houston now resolved to lead his men south, into the swamps near the Trinity.  Perhaps there he would be able to catch one of the approaching columns in the bayous and cut them off from the remainder of the Army of Mexico.  Having made this perilous decision, he lay down to rest on his cot, well aware that their fate was now sealed, one way or the other.


Chapter 20

The Runaway Chase Scrapes Bottom

All new states are invested, more or less, by a class of noisy, second-rate men who are always in favor of rash and extreme measures, but Texas was absolutely overrun by such men. 

-Sam Houston

The Texas Swampland-Early April, 1836

The wind, blowing furiously, was joined in its relentless attack by the rain, spitting wildly and, seemingly defying gravity, encroaching from every possible direction.  Low clouds roiled, nearly reaching to the ground in the distance.  The Brazos River cresting, turbulent and muddy, suggested it was not a good day for a river crossing.  
A breathtakingly long line of wagons sat motionless on the bank above the river, drivers hunching forward in a futile effort to minimize the drenching cold from the rain.  A single raft inched across the water, bucking and turning as it made the treacherous crossing with a wagon.  Onboard, the hapless horses lurched left and right.  Were it not for their harnesses, they would have been tossed overboard by the churning river.  
Less than twenty-four hours earlier, the river had been little more than a trickle, easily fordable on foot.  Now, at the very moment when lives were at stake, mother nature had chosen to encroach on the war, presenting a barrier that made even Santa Anna’s army seem tame.  But the river simply had to be crossed, the Army of Mexico’s current location being perhaps only fifteen miles distant.  Rumors abounded that those taken prisoner had been stripped naked, staked out, and burned alive.  Those who had died at the Alamo had been seemingly lucky, death having been quick and valorous.  
Julie leaned back into the cover of the wagon, checking on Auggey.  “Everything good back there?”
“Everything is wet!  We’re wet, our food is soaked, and I’m cold,” Auggey screamed above the torrent that blew without.  
“It’ll let up.  This is a spring storm, not a winter norther.  Spring storms usually pass in a couple of hours or so,” Julie suggested hopefully.
“This one better,” Auggey shot back, adding, “Or we’re gonna be in trouble, along with a thousand other people.  If the rain and river don’t get us, the Mexican Army will!”
“He seems to be growing up,” Julie thought to herself incongruously, her only positive thought in an otherwise sea of concern.  Texas was in complete disarray.  Things like this just weren’t supposed to happen here.  Her family had come a long way to get away from war and killing, and it had all followed them right here to Texas.  
In between the heaviest of rain squalls, men from the long line of wagons gathered in small groups to discuss the latest news.  Word had it that General Sam Houston had an army somewhere to the east, but nobody was quite sure where it was.  All anyone knew was that anywhere to the west was certain capture, and likely death at the hands of the Mexicans.  To the east was the only chance of escape, but no one was sure in what direction they should retreat.  And now the rain threatened to make every roadway impassible.  
Julie suspected that their homestead had already been burned, and everything of value carted off by bandits.  If they were lucky enough to survive and someday return to their home, there would surely be nothing left.  They would have to start all over.  At this point, moving to Texas looked to have been extremely unfortunate, despite the lure of plentiful land.  
Tearing her back to reality, a rover yelled to Julie as he passed the wagon, “Move up folks, the rain is ending, and the river has to be crossed,” Julie could see that there were still at least ten wagons ahead of them, more than an hour’s wait before they could cross.  And with each minute that passed, the river seemed to grow deeper.  
Gazing down from the bank, she watched as the raft took on another wagon.  The going was slow, the wagon was pulled by a sluggish and reticent ox.  The raft pulled slowly out into the river and, a huge wave suddenly rolling into the raft, it tilted just enough that the ox lost its balance, toppling into the water, thereby dragging the entire wagon with it.  The driver of the wagon, now launched into the middle of the river, was hurled downriver, his head as he screamed for help.  
The ox was killed and the wagon lost.  Fortunately, since the water was deep enough that there were no rocks near the surface, the driver managed to get to shore unharmed a few hundred yards downstream.  Julie couldn’t tell if there had been anyone inside the wagon, but she decided that she would make sure that Auggey was not in the wagon when their turn came.  
Ahead of them in line, a wagon pulled out of the waiting group.  And then another, and another.  Folks had suddenly become more terrified of the river than they were of the Mexican Army.  As one driver passed Julie, he yelled that they were going to try further upriver, suggesting hopefully that there might be some shallows nearby.  Julie knew better, she knew how rivers flowed.  She was certain there were no shallows, but she kept it to herself.  Crossing the Brazos had become a matter of life or death.
As she watched impatiently, the raft was slowly righted, the next wagon now moving forward.  The river raft owner informed two more wagons with oxen that they could not risk the crossing in this weather.  Julie and Auggey were suddenly third in line, and within a half hour they had forded the river, a whole dollar poorer for the crossing.  Such was the penchant for greedy profiteering during times of war, but despite the cost, Julie had absolutely no doubt that it had been money well spent.  
As she pulled the wagon over the ridge on the far bank, she glanced back at the poor souls awaiting their turn to cross.  It was the apocalypse.  She’d read about it, but she never thought she would live to see it.  
Peering above, off in the distance beyond the far shore, she thought she could see a banner – the approach of Santa Anna’s scouts.  But amazingly, she and Auggey had made the opposite shore.  The Mexican Army would take at least two days to cross the Brazos, and for now, she and Auggey were safe.
Somewhere to the east was Sam Houston’s army, and Julie knew instinctively that this was their best chance.  The rain now seemed to be trailing off, the sun peaking from behind a cloud to the west.  Perhaps there was still hope.  They had to find that army.

Texas Bayou Country-Two Days Later

In the end, the Army of Mexico caught up with Julie and Auggey anyway.  It happened at night.  Mother and son were sleeping in a thicket, attempting to be as safe as possible, but the enemy scouts heard the horse snorting.  There were a half dozen of them.  They quickly tied her to a tree and they trussed up Auggey to one of the wagon wheels.  
They built a fire, and at first all they did was sit around the fire drinking and arguing.  Because she spoke very little Spanish, Julie had no idea what they were saying.  She doubted that any of them had bathed since they had crossed the border, and whenever one of them came near her she caught a whiff of powerful odor.  She supposed woefully that this was only the precursor to something far more revolting.
Eventually, after they were all drunk, they started playing some sort of game.  It last for more than an hour, but eventually, it seemed to have ended.  A soldier came forward towards her and began kicking dirt on her.  He then tugged at her skirt, pulling it down around her knees.  She kicked him, knocking him to the ground, but he struggled to his feet and began tugging on his pants, pulling them down to his feet.
Auggey screamed, a look of terror and misery on his face that was so powerful, so pained, that she just stopped fighting and gave in, knowing that this could not be avoided.  Auggey would survive it, but Julie knew that, should they somehow survive, it would never be quite the same between him and his mother.  

Outside the Thicket

Francisco felt sick all day long.  These days it was almost impossible to think of anything good.  The image of the man at the Alamo, his life slipping away, just gnawed at him day after day.  And the funeral pyres, both at Bexar and La Bahia, the stench, the senseless nature of it all, it was just too much for him to bear.  And he felt sick to his stomach every time the image of the Virgin Antonia encroached within his conscience.
Was this what war was like - death, destruction, and inhumanity between different cultures?  Where did all of this fit into God’s plan?  He was sick from thinking on it, day after day.  And here he was, chasing halfway across Texas for no logical reason that he could conceive of.  
And then, after nightfall, they had come upon a woman and a boy.  He couldn’t tell where they were from, but they were not from Mexico.  That seemed to be enough for his comrades in arms.  
Francisco’s stomach turned at the thought.  Just because there was a war on didn’t mean that normal human behavior should be suspended, especially with women and children.  The soldiers had first tied the pair up, and then sat around the fire getting drunk so as to show off their manliness to one another.  Then they started playing some sort of game.  Francisco sat over to the side, watching in abject horror.  They were gambling, deciding who would get to be the first to go at her.  He refused to join in, but every once in a while he would look over at the boy, who by now seemed to be in a trance-like state.
Eventually Captain Mendez came over to Francisco and told him he had to join the game.  Francisco responded, “No, sir.  I’m just going to watch.”
“Oh, hell, that’s just like a virgin.  Men, Francisco here is a virgin!  Right, boy?”
“Well, yes, I am, sir,” Francesco replied with embarrassment.
“The time has come to rectify that, private. Now, get over here and join the game!”
“Yes, sir,” Francisco responded, now even more fearful of the alternative.
Francisco had no idea what the game was even about, but somehow, he was enveutally declared the winner.  For God’s sake, he had been attempting to lose the entire time.  As if he read Francisco’s thoughts, Captain Mendez, said, “Alright, boy, you go first.  You’re the winner, fair and square.  I won’t take no for an answer.  I order you to do it, and if you don’t I will strip you naked and make you march that way for the next three days!”
At this threat Francisco grabbed a gourde, swilling down a long drink.  He stood up and slowly walked over to the woman.  By now she looked terrible, and he could tell that she was pregnant.
Feeling his medallion of San Francisco, he thought to himself, “But this is wrong!  It’s only because we are at war.  We wouldn’t act this way, or do these horrible things at any other time.  We should know better.”  Attempting to stall for time, he kicked dirt on her, and then he yanked at her skirt, tugging it downward.  “How in God’s name,” he asked himself, “Am I going to get out of this mess?”
And, as if it were a sign from the Virgin Mary, at that very moment troops came riding into camp, led by General Ramirez y Sesma.  Francisco had seen General Sesma before.  He was an imposing man.  The troops admired him greatly for his sense of integrity.  This was one of those occasions when his leadership would impart an invaluable lesson.  
General Sesma could immediately tell from the disheveled-looking woman tied to the wagon that his troops had been engaged in some unsavory activities.  He immediately ordered the officer in charge to take all of the weapons in the camp and he initiated an inquiry to determine if a crime had been committed.  
Each of the troops subsequently denied any wrongdoing.  That is, all except one.  Francisco could not forget the wolf who had changed San Francisco’s life.  He was miserable.  He felt dirty and guilty.  He didn’t care what the other soldiers did.  He had a deep need to be punished for his wrongdoing.  The trial was short, and Francisco was convicted.  He expected to be shot.
General Sesma consulted with his adjutant.  After a few minutes he announced that in his view an example needed to be set, but that the army also needed to move on, that there was a war to be fought.  “In my judgment this soldier needs to be punished, but his crime is mitigated by the circumstances of war.  Therefore, the sentence that will be passed is that he will have the thumb of his left hand cut off by the woman he has offended.  This is in accordance with ancient custom, which dictated that the convicted person had their right hand severed, but in this case we need his service, so that only the thumb on the hand that he does not fire his weapon with will be severed, thereby allowing him to return to service on behalf of Mexico.”
General Sesma was no fool.  He knew that the other soldiers had played a role in the assault, but he felt that under the circumstances, the shame afforded to the other soldiers would perhaps stay with them and make them better persons in the future. 

Julie, having resigned herself to the inevitable, was surprised to see a soldier on a horse with a ridiculously perfect uniform ride into camp.  He was accompanied by an entourage of similarly dressed men who, following a series of commands issued by their leader, did his bidding without question.  The soldiers were racing about gathering up their possessions.  She could not understand what any of them were saying because everything was in Spanish, but she overheard more than one soldier say “El General”.  
They held a trial.  The general presided.  Julie couldn’t understand what they were saying, but she could tell it was a trial.  They were trying the soldier who had approached her and kicked dirt on her.  She couldn’t figure out why they were trying only him, but it didn’t take long to find out they’d found him guilty.  The general had him tied to the wagon.  They tied his left hand to the wagon wheel like it was being arranged for some special reason.  
The general came over to Julie and said something to her.  She didn’t understand what he was saying, but she could tell that he wanted her to approach the man.  She walked over toward him, the other soldiers silently observing as she did so.  The young man was staring at her resolutely, saying nothing at all.  Confused, she turned and stared at her captors.  
She suddenly realized what this was all about.  The General had tried the soldier for attacking her.  She was now supposed to do something, she could tell.  She was furious at all of them, but most of all, she wanted to save her baby.  She figured she had to mete out the chosen punishment, whatever it was.  She turned to the soldier; noticing for the first time that he was little more than a boy.  She hit him across the face, hard.  The soldiers reacted.  Most smiled.  A few just smirked, as if she was the guilty one.  Unable to guess what else she was supposed to do, so she simply stood there.
The general came over and handed her a knife.  She gazed down at the weapon now resting within her hand.  What the hell was this for?  Surely they didn’t expect her to kill him?  She peered about at the soldiers.  One finally held a finger up and signed like he was slicing his thumb.  It suddenly struck her – she was expected to cut off the man’s thumb, which was hanging out like a rag.  She leaned over and gagged.  She stood up and, wiping her mouth, remained motionless.  She couldn’t do that!
The young soldier gazed sadly at her, as if begging her to complete her task.  She dropped the knife, but at that moment another soldier cut Auggey’s ropes loose and, Auggey suddenly freed, ran over, picked up the knife, and sliced off the young man’s thumb in one neat motion.  The young soldier screamed in anguish.  
Grabbing up the severed thumb, Auggey stuffed it in his pocket.  He ran to Julie and hugged her tightly.  She was dazed and confused, so much so that she stumbled back to the wagon and collapsed.  Seconds later the soldiers marched off and left the pair alone.  In the distance, they could hear the screams of the injured soldier, slowly fading in the night.  
Suddenly aware that the peril had passed, she grabbed Auggey and she hugged him fiercely, saying, “Now Auggey, you get over to the water there and get us something to drink.  We best be gettin’ out of here before they come back.”
“They ain’t comin’ back, Maw,” he said softly.  “They got the Texas Army to catch.”
“What army, Auggey?  They done whipped ‘em halfway across Texas.  I ‘spect the Texas Army is in Louisiana by now.”
“No, maw, they’re right around here somewhere,” Auggey replied excitedly.
“What do you mean, Auggey, what do you know ‘bout that?”
“I heard ‘em talkin’.  The Army of Texas is somewhere around close by.”
“How do you know that?  You can’t understand no Spanish.”   
“Can, too!” he responded proudly.
“What?  You understand Spanish?” she responded dumbfounded.
“Yes’m, I can.  I learned a little in school, and I been listenin’ to ‘em.  I caught on to it from the start.”
“Well, I’ll be, Auggey.  You’re growin’ up before my eyes,” Julie said with admiration.  
“Maw, we need to lay low just now,” he added.  “You need to rest for the sake of the baby.”
“What do you know about any baby, Auggey?” 
“Maw, I done seen plenty.  Anyone with eyes could see there’s gonna be a baby!”
At this, Julie turned red from head to foot, embarrassed by her own son’s admission.  “Auggey, Auggey,” she said, sweeping him into her arms yet again.  She began crying softly, kissing the top of his head.  It was all coming now.  Maybe, just maybe, they were going to survive.  If they could just stay out of harm’s way, there was a chance. 
Auggey brought her back to reality, exclaiming forcefully, “Maw, we don’t have time for hugging just now.  We got to get ourselves hid better.  Let’s get everything together and find a good spot to hide, before the fightin’ starts.”
“Yes, Auggey, you’re right,” she responded and, overwhelmed at his patronly attitude, she asked, “But could you do me one favor? Could you get rid of that vile thumb you stuffed in your pocket!”
“Yes, maw,” he replied morosely, “But later.  Now, let’s git to it!”


Chapter 21

How Wars are Won and Lost

The Army will cross and will meet the enemy.  Some of us may be killed and must be killed; but, soldiers, remember the Alamo, the Alamo, the Alamo!
-Sam Houston

San Jacinto, Texas-April 21, 1836

General Santa Anna gazed out over the prairie, wishing he were at home in his beloved Manga de Clavo.  He deserved better than this, to be sleeping in a tent along some stinking marsh, a thousand miles from home.  But such was the lot of great men: he had to preserve his country against these backwoods rebels.  
He pondered the coming battle, feeling giddy with excitement.  The men would hoist him on their shoulders tomorrow.  He would be immortal in Mexico.  They would hold a great parade for him, just like Napoleon, perhaps even rivaling Caesar’s victory parade!

Sam Houston thought back to that battle twenty-odd years ago, when he’d been with Andy Jackson.  Things hadn’t looked so good, but they had won it, all the same.  Seemed just like old times to him now.  They had managed to evade Santa Anna’s army for more than a month, but now it was all coming down to the end game.  The odds were long.  Santa Anna had perhaps five thousand men.  Houston had less than a thousand.  And yet, he liked the odds.  If he hadn’t, he wouldn’t have turned back from the Sabine.  He knew he was running out of time.  The men were just plain pissed off.  More were deserting every day, and those that weren’t had reached the point where they would just as soon shoot him as the enemy.  Men who go off to fight in a killing mood are the ones you want on your side.  
Everything he’d heard from his scouts told him the Mexicans were tired and ill-prepared for battle.  That brought the odds down from five-to-one to perhaps two-to-one.  He needed just one more development in his favor, and the odds would be just right.  
Houston thought on the famous battle of Agincourt.  The English had defeated the French against overwhelming odds.  The English King Henry IV had pulled it off by taking advantage of weaponry, weather, and confusion in the opponents’ ranks.  
Perhaps Houston could play the same game.  Although the weather was good, he nonetheless aimed to catch the Mexican Army exposed in such a way as to get them sort of bogged down, just the way the French horsemen had been at Agincourt.  
The English had had superior weapons – the long bow.  Houston reckoned that the Texians held the advantage here, too.  Virtually every Texian in the army had grown up shooting small game as a means of feeding themselves.  
Finally, at Agincourt the French Army had been unable to adjust to the English army’s disorganized charge on the battlefield.  Houston didn’t really have an army, he knew that.  Despite their training over the past month, this was no army in any sense of the word.  They were just a bunch of hard men who knew how to fight.  Houston hoped that this would play into their favor on the battlefield, exactly as it had for the English at Agincourt.  
The Mexican Army could be expected to charge in Napoleonic order, holding ranks at all costs.  The Texians wouldn’t hold ranks.  Fact was, they didn’t even have a clue what ranks were!  Houston calculated that on the battlefield the Texians would run like the wind and shoot at anything that moved.  If he could catch Santa Anna somewhere just right, someplace where there was no place for them to hide from the Texians charging straight at them, they just might pull it off, just like Agincourt three hundred years earlier.  

Hawk didn’t like the look of things.  He could see bayou everywhere he looked to the north and east of them.  That was a big body of water off to their left.  There was no way the army was going to cross that.  He was thinking things through.  What the hell was Houston up to?  The Mexican Army was not more than a mile away.  Hawk, having caught a couple of fleeting glimpses of soldiers on horseback earlier that morning, was certain they were out there, off to the south and west.  
This looked to be it – the culmination of all that endless retreat across Texas.  Just exactly how long had he been traipsing around Texas?  Damn, he thought to himself, he’d been walking for more than a year now, a full year since he’d crossed the Sabine and shown up in Nacogdoches.  Except for snatches here and there, like the siege of Bexar, he’d been more or less continuously walking all over the place.  
Dang, Texas was big!  Was he ever going to walk out of it, or was he going to die right here, maybe tomorrow?  Well, heck, he thought to himself, probably should have died at the Alamo, and would’ve if it hadn’t been for Juan Seguin.
There was no point in getting maudlin about it.  Hawk figured he’d walked all this way looking for a good time, and damned if he hadn’t had a fine old time right up to this very moment.  So win or lose on the morrow, he couldn’t blame anyone but himself, that was for darn sure.  So might as well just go with it and have the best time he could.  But he sure as hell hoped that General Houston knew what he was doing.  Otherwise the party was about to come to an inglorious end.

Hank sauntered up, having relieved himself over by the bayou.  “God damned boots is ruined,” he said to no one in particular. 
Hawk, being the only one close by, answered pithily, “I doubt seriously that God ever damned your boots, Hank.  They were damned by you yourself when you set off to join this godforsaken army.”
“Screw you, Hawk Banks!” Hank responded crossly, “My feet are killing me.  Ain’t gonna make it another day in this here army without some rest.  I sure as heck hope we’re stopping here for a bit.”
Hawk rose, a cup of coffee in his hand, and volunteered, “Well, then, I got good news for you, Corporal.  After tomorrow you ain’t gonna need them boots.  Because you’re either gonna be on your way to meet the God you just got through damning, or this war is going be over.  Either way, those boots have run their course.”
“What the hell you talking about, Hawk?” Hank said, glancing furtively about as if he’d missed some profound event.
“Sometimes I think you have cow turds stuffed between your ears, Hank.  We have arrived!  This is the place!  We’re going to fight it out with the Army of Mexico right here on this very spot!”
Hank peered doubtfully at Hawk, scratched his beard a moment, then shifted to scratching his left elbow with his right hand, finally inquiring pensively, “How long we been friends, Hawk?  Must be six, going on seven months by now, I reckon.”
“Sounds right to me,” Hawk replied, uncertain as to exactly where Hank’s train of thought was leading.
“Well, here’s the thing,” Hank responded with a frown, “You don’t never seem to be wrong about nothin’, Hawk.  Why the hell is that, I ask you?”
“Aw crap, my man.  I’ve been wrong, I’ve been wrong about plenty, Hank.”
“Well, I hope you sure as hell are this time, because if you’re right, we are standing in some mighty deep crap right now, sir.”
Hawk now took his turn to scratch.  It somehow seemed to him that scratching had taken on a different meaning today.  Eventually, he continued, proselytizing, “Well, here’s how I see it, Hank.  We got ourselves cornered in this stinking bayou.  Can’t go anywhere but right back where we came from, and over yonder is where the whole damn Mexican Army is camping at this very moment!”
“Well, done seen the bayou,” Hank responded matter-of-factly, “Truth is, I just got through fillin’ it a bit.  You’re right about not crossing that thing – it’s way too big for that.  I saw them Mexican cavalrymen this morning, too.  Guess I didn’t think it all through yet, but now I see where you’re going with it.  Yes, sir, I believe I agree with you one hundred percent.”  Hank paused for good measure, but thinking better of it, added tangentially, “Well, this here is indeed a fine day if I do say so myself.”
Now it was Hawk’s turn to inquire, “How so?”
“Well, you done said it yourself, Hawk.  Seems I’ll be havin’ no more need of these damn boots!  I don’t mind telling you, - that is the best news I’ve had in weeks.” 
Hearing this, Hawk broke into a grin from ear to ear.  “Now you’re talking, Hank MacElrae!  We have a party to prepare for, and it’s going be the mother of all parties.  We’re about to dance with the whole dang Army of Mexico, I reckon.”
“”Bout time if you ask me,” was all Hank could think of as a rejoinder.  “Bet I know what your next piece of advice is going to be.”
“What’s that,” Hawk asked in return.
“Get you affairs in order.  You gave me that advice back in Bexar, remember?”
“Now that you mention it, I do remember that episode.”
“Well, sir, you gonna?” Hank asked.
“Gonna what?” Hawk inquired.
“Get your affairs in order!” Hank spat back.
“I reckon I don’t have a single one to get in order.  Happy as a bumble bee snortin’ a morning glory.  Everything’s in perfect order, if you ask me.”
“Bullcrap, I say,” answered Hank.  “You can’t go into battle without taming that rattlesnake down your pants, Hawk Banks!”
“Rattlesnake, hell.  That snake has sure enough run out of venom for the moment.  Besides, I see nary a potential recipient handy for poking it into!”
“Haw, har, ha haa, haaaaa….” Hank paused to wipe the tears from his eyes.  Then he laughed some more.  
Hawk was nonplussed, querying insipidly, “What in blazes are you so happy about, pray tell?”
“Ain’t never won no talking match with you, least not till now.  That’s one for me, Banks, and you can bank on it!  Har har…”  Hank opined, drifting into self-satisfied silence.
Hawk contemplated for a moment, then shot back, “Yeah, right.  Score’s up to one to about a hundred thousand.  Keep on trying, Mister wet-behind-the-ears!”
But the damage had been done: Hank was proud of himself, and there was nothing to be done to erase it.  Maybe he was finally ready to go into battle.  Hawk sure hoped so.

General Houston asked, “You say there’s nobody from the entire Mexican Army guarding that bridge?”
“No sir, least not when I looked a couple of hours ago,” responded the scout.
“Gentlemen,” Houston said, his features breaking into a broad grin, suggested, “I strongly believe this is the time and the place.  We will make our stand here.  We’re going to attack.”
“General,” one officer asked, “I know I’ve said we needed to take the battle to them, but is this the right place for that?  We’re bottled up alongside this here bayou.  There’s no retreat, with all these creeks surrounding us.  If they get to running down on us, we’ll be slaughtered!”
“That’s exactly what I’m countin’ on,” Houston countered, “We got no choice, we got to win or die.  Gentlemen, we’re fightin’ for life or death.  We’re fightin’ for the birth of a nation, the nation of Texas.  We’re fightin’ for liberty, and I for one can think of no better time to do it than right now.  Yes, we’re outnumbered, but at least half of Santa Anna’s forces are at this very moment stuck on the other side of the river.  There can’t be more than a couple thousand of them on our side of the river.  Now that’s still two-to-one odds, but I’ll take those odds.  In two months of running from Santa Anna, the odds have never been more favorable.  And we’re rested up, better than we have been for some time.  Right now, at this very moment, we just might be able to catch the enemy off guard.”
“How so, general?”
“Rumor has it that Santa Anna has a siesta every afternoon, and his troops follow suit.”  There was a low restrained bit of laughter from the group, prompting Houston to add, “Now here is what I propose.  I’ll get Deaf Smith to go out and burn that bridge down.  That way no more enemy troops can cross over to this side of the river.  And if we don’t do it right this minute, they will cross the river, perhaps two thousand or more of them.  Then where will we be?  Up the creek, that’s where.  Right now, let’s take it to them, for the Alamo, for Goliad!”
At this, a few voices chimed in with “Yeah,” and “You tell ‘em, General!”  Though there were a few who still doubted the general, no one was willing to suggest anything further.  The time had come, and each man knew it.  
“Form up the troops,” commanded Houston, “But tell them to do it quietly.  We must take the enemy by surprise, while they’re still enjoying their afternoon siesta.”  The tent now emptied quickly, commanders scurrying off to prepare for battle.
“Get me Deaf Smith,” Houston commanded.
“He’s right here,” said Captain Seguin.


Chapter 22

A Star Is Born

We view ourselves on the eve of battle. We are nerved for the contest, and must conquer or perish. It is vain to look for present aid: none is at hand. We must now act or abandon all hope! Rally to the standard, and be no longer the scoff of mercenary tongues! Be men, be free men, that your children may bless their father's name.
-Sam Houston

San Jacinto, Texas-The Afternoon of April 21, 1836

Hawk, prodding Hank, exclaimed, “Wake up, Hank!  General Houston has sent down word.  We are going to fight.  We Texans will win here and now, or there will be no more Texas.  This is it Hank, this is what we’ve been waiting for – our leaders have finally grown some spine!  I’ve been itching for this fight ever since the Alamo.”
“I for one wish we had done it two months ago,” Hank responded, “I’m hungry, tired, and I have blisters on every square inch of my feet.  Why couldn’t we have done it before, when I was ready and able?”
“Shut up and put your boots on, Hank.  Just be glad we got a chance at all.  Keep your head down, and let’s get some revenge for our fallen friends.”
Around the camp, soldiers everywhere were scurrying to get themselves prepared for the coming battle.  Despite the commotion, all was quiet, everyone now well aware that Santa Anna’s army was close enough to hear any noise at the far end of the bayou.  Surprise was essential, as the Texans were outnumbered by at least two-to-one.  
The troops now began to form up.  The enemy was just over the ridge, perhaps a half mile away.  Would they be forming up as well, or was General Houston correct in his supposition that it would be a surprise attack?  No one was certain.  
Suddenly, the troops completely formed up, the breeze died ominously down for a few moments.  There was absolute silence.  Here and there a soldier crossed himself, praying for the best in the coming mortal struggle.  A single crow called out from a tree off to the left, “Caw, caw.”  Not one soldier moved.  The silence penetrated for perhaps two minutes or more.  It seemed an eternity.  
Then quietly, the order rippled across the front ranks, very softly, each battalion commander saying barely above a whisper, “Forward, march!”  This never had been an orderly army, and it wasn’t about to become one now.  Accordingly, the troops moved out in route step, as if going for a walk in the park.  A line of men nine hundred yards long spread across the prairie and launched itself forward. 
It was indeed eerie - eight hundred men walking across a field on a hot spring day - like they were just going to a cook-out.  Slowly, the tops of the Mexican flags came into view, and then the tents, and suddenly, as one, the troops on the front lines realized that the Mexican Army was not formed up – they were sleeping!  
By now the enemy was less than four hundred yards away.  How long could they go undetected?  Should they run, or should they keep strolling along?  The commanding officers continued to walk forward, the troops following in loose formation.  Another minute passed, and they were another hundred yards closer.  The Texans could now begin to see where the Mexicans were sleeping.  Over by a tree, a solitary enemy soldier seemed to be relieving himself.  Almost everyone could see him, just taking his time, completely oblivious to the coming onslaught.  The troops advanced silently onward, the element of surprise reaching absolute incredulity.  It was just plain crazy.
Suddenly, the lone Mexican pulled his pants tight and whirled about to return to his tent.  As he did so, he spotted the advancing Texas Army and, screaming in abject fear, he ran to the rear waving his arms.  It was now clear to everyone that the Army of Texas had to MOVE, and that is just what they did.  
With little more than two hundred yards to go, the entire army simultaneously broke into a sprint.  In a matter of seconds a single rifle shot was heard, and suddenly the fight was on.  A few rifle shots followed, but most Texans just kept on running.  It was by now only fifty yards to the enemy tents, and amazingly, no one had as yet awakened from their siesta.  
The entire Texan Army now fired seemingly as one, knocking down everything that stood.  Whole tents were blown down.  Horses fell, mortally wounded.  Anything that had moved was struck.  Perhaps three hundred hapless soldiers were shot in the first volley.  Next, the Texans charged with bayonets. The enemy had no time to even load their weapons.  They were struck wherever they were by the sheer force of an entire army bearing down on them at full speed. Within seconds, an additional two hundred defenders were slashed to death. 
The Texans now hooted and hollered as victory became a distinct possibility.  Everywhere, there were shouts of “Alamo” and “Goliad”.  Revenge was in every man’s heart.  This was for their fallen breathen.  There was no stopping.  Anyone that was caught was butchered.  They chased their prey in every direction, as far as their legs would carry them, until they were completely breathless.  What had started as mortal fear now ended as subhuman bloodlust.  It was a complete route, the battle ending in little more than a quarter of an hour.  

Hank was off towards the left end of the line, where there appeared to be several large tents near the rear of the enemy encampment.  Sprinting forward at full speed, he spotted a soldier coming out of the tent nearest to him, perhaps thirty yards away. Hank could see that he was armed with a rifle, and since Hank was charging directly toward him, Hank realized he had no choice but to deal with him.  He immediately slowed and attempted to reload his rifle and, observing that the soldier was coming straight for him, he frantically pushed his wadding home and shot the soldier in the chest at close range.  As the soldier went down there eyes met briefly, and Hank realized that he recognized him – he had been Hank’s intended executioner at Goliad – the soldier who had marched out onto the prairie with Hank, and for the second and final time he had acted incomprehensibly.
Later, when the firing had stopped, having time to contemplate the battle in detail, Hank began to wonder why that soldier hadn’t fired his rifle when he’d had the chance.  Wandering back to that part of the battlefield in quest of answers, he surreptitiously came upon Hawk, who decided to follow along when he heard Hank’s description of the events.  It didn’t take long to find the soldier’s body.  He was lying alongside two others who had fallen in the fighting.  
Examining closely, the pair determined that the now deceased soldier appeared to have been quite young, certainly under the age of twenty.  Now, the heat of passion dissipated, Hank pondered the senselessness of it all – why on God’s earth did young people have to die in such circumstances?  Peering down at the placid visage before him, it came incomprehensibly to him that, perhaps in another time and place, this unfortunate young man might have been a friend to him. 
Hank, peering closer still, noticed that he lay somehow differently from the way he had fallen when Hank had shot him.  He was lying on his back, as if to look up at the sky, and his eyes were open, staring skyward – perhaps even towards heaven.  The look on his face – he appeared to be smiling - made Hank pause reflectively.  Perhaps in those final seconds, his lifeblood draining away, he had found salvation.  
Hank’s role in the young man’s demise now trapped within his own consciousness forever, he dropped to one knee and, touching the man’s prone body, prayed that the young man had successfully reached his ultimate destination – God speed.  
Glancing down one last time, Hank noticed his right hand grasping something hanging from his neck.  Hank leaned down and grasped the object.  It was some sort of medallion.  He decided to keep it as a keepsake of the battle.  Gently passing it over the soldier’s head, he held the medallion in his own hand, thereby rising to depart.
At that moment Hawk came up behind Hank and, gazing down on the visage of the soldier, he sucked in his breath in shock.  Hank, staring disconsolately at Hawk, queried in confusion, “What?”
“Nothin’,” Hawk replied.  “I thought for a moment that I recognized him.”  
“You knew this fella?”
“Naw, I was confused for a second, Hank,” Hawk replied, bending down to examine closer, and for once, he failed to hawk and spit.  
Hank recognized that look – Hawk was lying - but before he had a chance to inquire as to why, Hawk changed the subject, exclaiming, “I think I can see why he didn’t shoot you, Hank, ol’ boy.”
“What?” Hank blurted, completely losing his train of thought, “Why?”
“Well, he’s still holdin’ his rifle in his right hand, and damned if it ain’t even got a round in it.”
“That’s strange,” Hank murmured, and recalling his encounter on the battlefield, added “He was pointin’ the damn thing at me as he came at me!”
“Hauuggh (spit), Well, he damn sure couldn’t have shot you,” Hawk opined bluntly.
At this, Hank bent down and examined further, suddenly exclaiming, “Look here at his left hand, Hawk - it’s bandaged.”
“Yeah, I see that.  Must’ve been wounded recently, I expect.”
Gently unwrapping the bandage, Hank exposed the bizarre injury and, scratching his head in perplexity, declared, “What the…seems his left thumb has been cleanly severed.  Why in God’s name would anyone cut off their left thumb?”
“You got me, Hank.  In ancient times they used to cut off the right hands of thieves and robbers.  But thumbs - I never heard of such a thing.”
“Well, I swear,” Hank uttered, adding disconsolately, “Seein’ as how he’s now passed, don’t suppose we’ll ever know,” and so saying, he placed the medallion about his neck and rubbed it self-consciously.  

San Jacinto-the Following Morning

Hank, creeping through the trees in the morning fog, found it difficult to remain focused.  The events of the previous day continued to spin around in his head.  He still couldn’t get over the realization that they had won, that the war was going to be over soon.  
Still, he and Hawk had been assigned the responsibility by General Houston of capturing escapees from the battle.  Accordingly, here they were, up at sunrise, performing their duty, perhaps one last time.
Hawk, traipsing ahead, suddenly raised his hand, signaling Hank to halt.  Raising his index finger to his lips, he signaled silence. Hank assumed that he could see or hear something, though Hank couldn’t tell what it might be in this pea soup of a fog.  Hawk continued to creep forward, Hank awaiting impatiently.  
Hank heard Hawk suddenly announce calmly, “Hey there, son, hold tight, we’re Texans, and we’re comin’ right in to help out.”  Hank, having no idea what this meant, continued to await further direction from Hawk.
A youthful voice, emanating from the fog-shrouded depths, responded boldly, “Yes, sir, come right ahead.  Been waitin’ for you,” and the voice sounded strangely familiar.
Hawk stood erect and, motioning Hank forward, walked quietly ahead, gun at the ready, into a clearing.  A youngster held a rifle, pointing it at four escapees.  Although three were in uniform, one wore a white camisa, the simple outfit of a camp follower.  
Coming up behind, Hank suddenly realized who it was and, breaking into a dash, called out excitedly, “Auggey, is that you?  Auggey!” and by now Hank was sprinting.  Reaching Auggey at a dead run, he swept him into his arms, crushing him with a mighty embrace laced with relief and adoration.  
Auggey, accepting his father’s embrace stoically, managed a brief smile, but nonetheless managed to maintain focus on the task at hand.
Hawk now interceded, offering, “Son, you just take a moment with your paw.  I’ll watch your prisoners for you.”
Appearing relieved at this, Auggey turned to his father and exclaimed breathlessly, “We thought you was dead at Goliad, Paw!  What happened?”
“Well, I suppose I was, but the darn fella that was supposed to shoot me somehow missed the mark.  Don’t know how he could have done such a thing from such close range.  I ran off, and later on a woman helped me to escape.  That’s when I ran smack dab into General Houston’s army, and here I am,” none of which explained much at all to his son.  
Thinking that such a poignant reunion was better enacted at a more convenient time, Hawk chimed in, “Haauggh (spit), alright gents, I do believe we have time for this later.  At the moment we have some dangerous prisoners to take care of here.”
“Right,” answered Hank and, sensing Hawk’s concern, announced, “Auggey, this here is my good friend Hawk.  He’s got lots of smarts, so you mind him, hear?”
“Yes, sir,” and at this, he somehow seemed to revert to his youthful appearance.
Hank, suddenly realizing the absurdity of his statement, asked inanely, “What you doin’ out here in the woods anyway, Auggey?”
“Why, I’m soldierin’, Paw!” Auggey responded with apparent pride.
“Soldierin’!  Well I’ll be horse-whipped,” his father responded with apparent admiration, “Just exactly how long you been soldierin’, Auggey?  You done growed up while I was gone.”
“Been soldierin’ since yesterday afternoon, when the battle started.  I sneaked off from Maw this morning.  Had to see what was happening.”
“Your maw…” Hank blubbered and, suddenly realizing his omission, queried wide-eyed, “Is she here?”
“Yes, sir, I expect so,” Auggey responded matter-of-factly, “I been takin’ good care of her, just like you told me.”
Hank, his world at long last coming into focus, stared, gurgled, “Is she…is she all right, Auggey?”
“Why ‘course she is, sir,” Auggey responded, still attempting to appear adult-like.
Interceding again, Hawk suggested politely, “Excuse me!  This is all exceedingly nice, but I don’t like the look of these prisoners.  Could we get on with it, gents?”
At this, Auggey regaining his military posture, offered abruptly, “Paw, I got somethin’ to tell you.”
“What’s that?” Hank asked, steeling himself for bad news.
“Sir, this man in the white outfit, I think he may be General Santa Anna,” Auggey announced serendipitously.
“What!” Hawk and Hank blurted simultaneously.
Auggey volunteered, “Well, when these here soldiers thought I wasn’t listening, they called him El Presidente.  So I started watching real close-like, and it appears they are careful not to offend him.  It seems they do whatever he says.  So I’m thinking he might be the real thing.”

San Jacinto Battlefield-Shortly Thereafter

General Houston, resting on a cot beneath a tree, worried that his injured foot might become infected.  Although the doctor had told him that his foot might have to be amputated; he tried hard not to think about it.
The victory had been surprising – not that his men had won - but that it had been so easy and so overwhelming.  Still concerned that the remainder of the Army of Mexico was out there somewhere, he was aware that there were still perhaps three thousand of Santa Anna’s troops that were unaccounted for.  For that reason it was vitally important that they find Santa Anna as quickly as possible.  
Glancing across the meadow, Houston suddenly noticed a rider coming on fast.  Perhaps this would be the news that he was hoping to hear.  He peered as the rider pulled up quickly only twenty yards away.  The rider was, as so often seemed to be the case of late, Deaf Smith.  Advancing directly toward Houston at a brisk pace, he was obviously winded from a hard ride.  
“General,” Smith panted loudly, “They’ve got him!  They caught Santa Anna!  Sylvester’s got him.  He’s bringing him in now.”
“Excellent!” Houston exclaimed and, repeating himself excitedly, added, “Excellent, Deaf.  Now we can put an exclamation point on this battle and an end to this war!  Bring the general to me as quickly as possible.”  Houston thought for a moment, then added, “Deaf, ride back out there and make sure he don’t get away, can you do that?” and, not waiting for an answer, inquired, “How far out are they now?”
“Sir, no more than a mile.  Should be here in fifteen or twenty minutes, I reckon.”
“Well, ride back out there.  Take some men with you.  We can’t afford to lose that man.”
“Oh, sir, they got him,” Smith responded, “The enemy forces won’t get him back.”
“I’m not worried about the enemy, Deaf.  I’m worried about our own men!  If they get wind of it, they might kill him before he gets into camp.  Go get the general and you get him here alive, you hear me?” and Houston was screaming quite loudly so Deaf could hear him.  Suddenly realizing others might overhear, he murmured, “Now go get him, quick!”
“Yes, sir!” Smith responded and, turning on his heel, he ran to his horse, jumped on it and set off rapidly.
Minutes later a large party of horsemen rode into camp.  Houston recognized Santa Anna among them, despite his inconspicuous clothing.  Deaf Smith came forward with James Sylvester.  They escorted Santa Anna who, appearing tired and afraid, was nonetheless serene.  Seeking comfort, Houston had now shifted to the ground.  Propped up against a tree, he inquired sonorously, “Does anyone here speak Spanish?”
Stepping forward, Hawk Banks announced, “Yes, sir, I do.”
“Ah, yes, I remember you soldier, what’s your name?” asked Houston.
“Banks, sir, Hawk Banks.”
“Ah, yes, Lieutenant Banks.  If you will, please inform General Santa Anna that I apologize for not getting up to welcome him.”
“Yes, sir,” Hawk responded, proceeding to translate forthwith.
Santa Anna replied quietly, “General, I also must apologize for the circumstances under which we meet.”
Houston, impressed by his counterpart’s ingenuous demeanor, was nonetheless furious with Santa Anna.  Such a scoundrel deserved nothing less than death in his opinion, but Houston understood full well that he was worth far more alive than dead.  Accordingly, he played his part to the hilt and, having concluded the small talk, he turned to Sylvester and asked, “Sylvester, how did you come to catch him?”
“Sir, it seems this boy here done it,” replied Sylvester.  He pointed to Auggey, who was standing sheepishly off to the side, as if he’d rather be anywhere but here.  “Come forward, boy, and you, too, Hank,” Sylvester called.  As requested, the pair approached the general.
“Ah, Private MacElrae,” Houston said affably, “I recall you from our first meeting last month.  You were at Goliad, if memory serves.  And what part do you play in this poignant denouement?”
Since Hank had no idea what a ‘poignant denouement’ was, he went straight to the heart of the matter, announcing, “Sir, this here is my son, Auggey,” and, turning toward his son, he added, “Auggey, this here is General Sam Houston, Commander of the Army of Texas.   I expect that we can now say the Army of the Republic of Texas, am I right General?”
At this, his fellow compatriots chuckling in accord, Houston smiled and responded, “Why, yes, Mr. MacElrae, I believe that term is entirely accurate.  So you have a son, and a fine looking one, I might add.  And how do you come to be here, Mr. Auggey MacElrae?”
Auggey, appearing embarrassed, nevertheless spoke clearly when prodded by the general, “Sir, I was just tryin’ to help out.  Me and Maw got lost down in the bayous, and when the Mexican soldiers started racin’ through the trees, I thought I’d help out as best I could.  There was so many of them that the Texans couldn’t seem to contain them all.”
The General, appearing interested, nonetheless seemed perplexed, causing Sylvester to break in with, “General, seems Auggey here captured Santa Anna!”
At this announcement General Houston lurched forward so hard he almost stood up, but then realized that would not be wise given his current state.  Instead, he exclaimed excitedly, “What!  Well, I’ll be!  If that don’t beat all.  Well, congratulations, Mr. Auggey!  You have done the Republic of Texas a great service.”  
Houston now turned to Deaf Smith and motioned him forward.  Whispering something in Smith’s ear, the latter nodded and ducked into the general’s tent.  He emerged a moment later with a small tin, which he carefully handed over to General Houston.  Houston opened the tin and commanded, “Mr. Auggey MacElrae, will you please come forward?”  
Auggey, appearing bewildered, dawdled.  
Houston, undeterred, repeated, “That’s right, sir, please come right over here and stand beside me.  Yes, sir, right here.”  
Auggey came forward hesitantly, visibly daunted.  An enormous crowd of soldiers now surrounded General Houston, word having spread through camp that Santa Anna had been captured.
Speaking loud and clear for all to hear, Houston now announced, “Mr. Auggey MacElrae,  I hereby commission you as an honorary Lieutenant in the Regular Army of the Republic of Texas.”  
Auggey, looking shocked, now turned towards his dad, beaming proudly.  The Texans grinned and whooped in admiration.  
General Houston now continued, “In appreciation of your great act of heroism, I, Sam Houston, Commanding General of the Army of the Republic of Texas, do hereby award you the very first medal for bravery in the Army of the Republic of Texas.”  Having said this, General Houston leaned forward and pinned a medal on Auggey’s shirt.  
The crowd now grabbed Auggey and hoisted him on their shoulders and, as one, the entire camp erupted in a solemn salute, “Hip hip, hooray.  Hip hip, hooray.  Hooray for Auggey!”
The proceeding now growing into a boisterous celebration, Auggey was quickly pushed off to the side as General Houston realized his need to deal with Santa Anna.  
Hawk, recognizing his chance to speak to Auggey, inquired, “Auggey, could you come over here for a second?”
“Yes, sir,” Auggey said, perplexed by his hulking inquisitor.
“Auggey, I know you must be overwhelmed by all of the excitement today, but I got one more little chore I need to do,” Hawk said mysteriously, “I got a sort of a gift here I need to give you,” and so saying, he pulled a small critter from his pocket and handed it to Auggey.
“Mephistopheles!” Auggey said, grinning with excitement.  He pulled something from his pocket so as to make room for Mephistopheles.
“What’s that?” asked Hawk.
“It’s a man’s thumb,” Auggey responded matter-of-factly, absentmindedly stroking his friend Mephistopheles.
“Is that a left thumb, by any chance?” Hawk inquired suspiciously.
“Yes, sir,” Auggey replied and, bemused by Hawk’s inquiry, asked idly, “Why?”
“Oh, nothing,” Hawk responded, “It just reminded me of somethin’.”  He paused a moment, adding, “Will wonders never cease!”
Auggey, inserting the thumb back into his pocket alongside Mephistopheles, suddenly exclaimed, “Wait, how’d you get him - Mephistopheles?” concern spreading across his visage.
“Son, let’s just say that Mephistopheles is one of the very last to escape the Alamo alive.  As such, he is a hero of the newly formed Republic of Texas.”
Auggey gazed downward sadly and, glancing back toward Hawk, eyes now glistening, he couldn’t seem to catch his voice.  Hawk, recognizing what this meant, grabbed him and pulled him to his chest, offered, “Now now, Auggey.  I know, I know.  Nate’s gone, son.  But he died well, fighting for Texas.  And the last thing he asked me to do was to make sure that Mephistopheles was well cared for.  So we have a powerful responsibility.  We simply must care for Mephistopheles here in honor of one of Texas’ greatest heroes.”
Off in the distance, a rider was coming in on a horse, but no one was paying much attention.  There was too much back-slapping and jabbering pervading the crowd around General Houston.   The rider kept coming on, as if completely unconcerned, as if headed to Sunday service.  As the rider drew near it became clear that it was not one of Houston’s soldiers.  It was instead a woman.

Julie, unable to make out what the commotion was, nonetheless recognized they were not enemy soldiers, but when she climbed down from her horse, she was surprised to see Auggey standing directly at the center of the crowd.  She came forward, the men parting to make way for her as she did so.  Others saw her, jostled to see what was going on, and the crowd became hushed.  
She approached Auggey and, frowning at him, was nigh onto boxing his ears, when she discerned the medal on his chest.  Clearly annoyed, she commanded, “Where in tarnation have you been, Auggey?  I’ve been waitin’ for you since daybreak!  And what is that on your shirt there?”
A familiar voice behind her cooed softly, “Now, now Miss Julie, there’s time enough for that.  Me and Auggey will explain everythin’ in due course.”
Recognizing the voice, she knew who it couldn’t be, but she turned and sure enough it was, it was her own husband Hank.  She stared at him sternly, He in turn staring straight back, smiled silently.  
Advancing a half step forward, she suddenly halted, exclaiming brusquely, “Mr. Hank MacElrae, where in God’s green acre have you been all these months?” and, now clearly in her element, she babbled onwards, “You come up behind me like you been on a Sunday picnic or somethin’, actin’ like we hadn’t been apart for seven months, makin’ out as if you’re alive, when you done been dead and in the ground for nigh onto two months.  You sir, have got some serious explainin’ to do!”  
Standing her ground, she frowned with feigned irritation, hands placed imperiously on hips.  An entire army now stood motionless, each erstwhile combatant extrapolating the setting in his mind to his own anticipated domestic reunion in the not-too-distant future.  
There was Hank and Auggey, as well as Hawk, Deaf Smith, Juan Seguin, Sam Houston, even Santa Anna, and a host of others, Texians and Tejanos, all assembled together, in this, the final scene of a bona fide revolution.  
Hank stared shyly at Julie, a hang-dog expression creasing his face.  Demonstrably cowed, he pushed his hands deep into his pockets, as he was known to do when embarrassed.  Therein, he felt the medallion, the presence of which somehow supplied him with unforeseen courage.  He could tell she was pregnant, and he knew that he was undoubtedly the father.  He had never been more in love with her than at this very moment, touched as he was by her feigned dissatisfaction with him.  
A hint of a twitch breaching the corner of her mouth, it worked its way into a sort of a smirk, then, almost interminably, into a lopsided half-smile, at which Hank pulled his hands from his pockets.  Squeezing the medallion in one hand, he kicked the dirt with one boot, and blurted out apologetically for all to hear, “Aw, heck, Julie - I’ve done been fightin’ a revolution!”
She paused and, surveying the entire group dismissively, replied laconically, “What, this here little scrape?  Surely you gents got somethin’ better to do!”
At this, offense taken, the crowd grew silent, but then a voice, cutting through the stillness, exclaimed piercingly, “Dang, if she ain’t right boys!  We ain’t done yet – we got to build Texas!” and at this pronouncement, the entire Army of Texas broke into cacophonous accord, yelling and hollering, comprehension sinking for the first time – that it was at long last over.
Hank, momentarily frozen in place, lunged for Julie, encircling her within a grateful embrace, Julie returning his adoration with a sly grin.  Auggey, observing his parents’ mutual affection, wrapped his arms around both, joining affectionately in the unexpected reunion.
Off to one side, a solitary figure, tears brimming at the realization that his once-in-a-lifetime adventure was at an end, said to himself, “Hauuggh (spit)!”


Epilogue

Like most passionate nations, Texas has its own history based on, but not limited by, facts. 
- John Steinbeck

Near Bastrop-Late Summer, 1836

The sun shone brightly, casting a glow across the pastureland stretching out before the tiny log cabin.  The chickens, seemingly unaware that they were mimicking their own performance of the previous day, clucked about mindlessly, strutting a dance that appealed to no one except possibly themselves.  The cows grazed contentedly on a flowing field of green grass that spanned perhaps a league and more.  Off to the west, the crops stood tall and firm, ready for harvest.  It was a placid scene, relived countless times every day across the Texas frontier.
There were now two cabins nestled among the trees, each providing no small relief from the late summer heat.  The old barn with the dirt berm had been replaced by a new structure, much larger and sturdier than the previous makeshift version.  A sturdy fence had been added, and a corral held several horses therein, each grazing on an ample supply of greenery.
On the porch of the larger of the two cabins, a pair of men dallied, unhurriedly taking in the pastoral scene before them.
As if on cue, Hawk bent forward, offering surreptitiously, “Haauugh, (spit).”  Leaning back against the wall, he retook his former position.  
The door opened and, Julie appearing from within, the sunlight momentarily reflected from the medallion she wore about her neck.  Wiping her hands on her apron, she raised her hand to her brow and scanned the horizon, announcing, “Gettin’ close on to supper time.  Where are those two kids?”  
“Out there, in the field, playin’ at games with Jackson,” Hank said, pointing haphazardly in the general direction of the pasture.  Off in the distance, there were two children playing.  Auggey, accompanied by a little girl, appeared to be chasing Jackson playfully about.
“I declare, those two took to each other like brother and sister,” Hawk announced in wonder.
“Suits me just fine,” Julie professed, “We need all the help we can get around here.  Besides, that Teresa is as lovely a child as I’ve ever laid eyes on.”  At that moment, the sound of a baby’s wail bursting from within the cabin, Julie turned to see what the crying was about.
Appropriately, Hawk hawked and spat, offering up, “That child Travis sure does have a set of lungs on him!”
Hank smiled proudly, responded serendipitously, “I expect that Julie and me done gave him not only a fine name, but an entirely appropriate one.”
The scene now momentarily returning to its former reverie, Hank eventually spoke up again, suggesting, “Expect I’ll have to bring those crops in pretty soon, Hawk.  Seems affluence ain’t all it’s cracked up to be.”
“Hah!  You sure got that right.  War isn’t either, but in a certain strange sort of way, I confess - I miss it.  Being a hero of a successful revolution isn’t half as good as living it, if you ask me.”
“I didn’t,” Hank responded in his typically blunt way, adding, “But since you brought it up, I’ll take this here day over any one of them days when we were at war with our neighboring country to the south.  This here is what it’s all about to me.  You, on the other hand, never could get used to just livin’ from one day to the next.  Always drinkin’, whorin’, and in between hankerin’ for more trouble.  I swear I’ll never understand you, Hawk Banks.”
“Well, sir, I expect we have plenty of time to sort out that issue, my friend, in fact, the best friend I’ve ever had on this earth.”
Leaning back in his chair, Hank responded lazily, “Cuts both ways, my friend, cuts both ways…and since you done gone and admitted it, how’s chances your best friend could be a callin’ you by your real name?”
“Ain’t gonna happen,” Hawk responded tersely, “Ain’t never gonna happen.”
“Well, then, could you just tell me it?”
“Nope.”
“Alright,” Hank responded and, apparently giving up his quest, volunteered, “I think I’ll be goin’ into town come Saturday.”
“What’s that got to do with anything, Hank?”
“Think I’ll mosey on over to the county clerk’s office, check out them records.  You know, Hawk, the ones that recorded your full name for that land the Republic of Texas done give you.”
“Damn!  You wouldn’t do that!” Hawk blurted, nearly tipping from his chair.
“Naw, expect I won’t have to, ‘cause you’re gonna tell me yourself.”
“Now, why on earth would I do that, you varmint!”
“You done said, Hawk Banks, because I’m your best friend on this here earth.”
Hawk stood up, carefully adjusted his chair and, reseating himself, propped back against the wall, finally responding, “On one condition.”
“What’s that?”
“You must promise me that you’ll never tell a soul, not Auggey, not even Julie.”
Hank eyed him and, eternally baffled at this amazingly complex man, swore, “Alright, seein’ as how you’re my best friend and all, I promise.”
“Hiram Henry…”
“What!” Hank blurted in astonishment.
“You heard me,” Hawk growled, “And don’t you ever be asking me to repeat it.”
“Well, I’ll be horse-whipped,” Hank chuckled, “If that don’t beat all…pleased to meet ya, Mr. Hiram H. Banks!”


Postscript

The Victors and the Vanquished

Hank MacElrae returned home to Bastrop with Julie and Auggey, eventually siring four more children by Julie.  Hank, hailed as a hero of the Texas Revolution, was elected mayor of Bastrop four successive terms.  Late in life, Hank was appointed historian for the State of Texas.  Although this honor was certainly related to the fact that he was by then the last remaining Texian soldier alive who had been at the Alamo, but it was also due in no small measure to Hawk Banks, who had spurred Hank on to make learning his lifelong challenge.  During the last decade of his life, Hank was instrumental in assuring the heroes of the revolution would be remembered, securing named sites for the likes of Milam, Bowie, Crockett, Houston, Austin, Smith, and Seguin, among others.  Hank would eventually die peacefully in his sleep on April 21, 1886, on the 50th anniversary of the Battle of San Jacinto.

Julie MacElrae would live to the age of 103, long enough to see the birth of four children, sixteen grandchildren, forty-three great grandchildren, and more than a hundred great great grandchildren.  She and Hank are buried alongside Hawk Banks.  The medallion given to Julie by Hank at the end of the revolution is today the proudest heirloom of the descendants of Hank and Julie, and each year on April 21st, the story is retold of the great events so long ago.  

Auggey MacElrae, nee Augustus, eventually shortened his last name to McCrae, joined the Texas Rangers, and went on to become one of the most beloved characters in Texas history.

Teresa Perez grew to adulthood under the expert parenting of Hawk.  She never married, and never left his side, living with him to the end of his life.  She died peacefully in her sleep at the age of 93 in Dallas.

Mephistopheles, one of the few survivors of the Alamo, came home with Auggey and Jackson, where he lived out his days chasing bugs.  Jackson, who learned that Mephistopheles loved to be rubbed on his tummy, gave as good as he got.  

Hawk Banks, true to his promise to Antonia, returned to San Antonio and rescued Teresa.  He and his adopted daughter Teresa Banks then joined Hank and Julie on their farm in Bastrop, but his fame was too great for him to remain in anonymity.  He was elected sheriff of Bastrop for three successive terms.  At the request of Governor Houston he also served for a short time as Captain of the Texas Rangers.  Late in life he moved northwards and settled a farm along the Brazos River.  He was killed by Comanches in the Elm Creek Raid in 1864.  After his death his remains were transported to Bastrop, where more than a thousand people showed up for his funeral.  He is buried today in the Bastrop cemetery.  

Buffalo Hump went on to become a great warrior chief of the Comanches.  He led several raids against Texans before the Comanches were finally subdued in the late 1860’s.  He died in 1870 on the Comanche reservation near Fort Cobb, Oklahoma.

Stephen F. Austin lived barely long enough to see Texas become a country.  He ran for president of the Republic of Texas, but failed to win when Sam Houston entered the race at the last minute.  Austin died of pneumonia on December 27, 1836.  Upon hearing of this death, President Sam Houston said, “The Father of Texas is no more; the first pioneer of the wilderness has departed.”

Juan Seguin, the last known man to leave the Alamo alive (with the possible exception of Moses Rose), went on to live a distinguished career in the Republic of Texas.  In 1837 he oversaw the burial of the ashes of the heroes of the Alamo.  Later, during the Mexican-American War, he would be forced by racial prejudice to flee to Mexico.  He died in 1890 in Mexico.  His remains were reinterred in Seguin, Texas in 1974. 

Susannah Dickinson and her daughter Angelina were perhaps the only Texian survivors from the interior of the Alamo.  Susannah gave many verbal accounts of the battle, but did not write an account, as she was illiterate.  After the Texas Revolution Susannah remained in Texas, where she lived a long and adventurous life, marrying a total of five times.  She died in 1883 and is buried in the Oakwood cemetery.

Angelina Dickinson was raised by her mother and later became a courtesan in Houston.  Known as the babe of the Alamo, She died in 1869.

Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna was sent to Washington, where he was paraded around publically for several months, and then returned to Mexico, where against all odds, he once again assumed control of Mexico.  He would serve as president of Mexico on no less than eleven different occasions, and in the process, lose nearly half of the land mass of Mexico to the fledgling United States of America.  Despite this he is remembered as one of Mexico’s greatest heroes.  He died in 1876 at the age of 82.

Martin Perfecto de Cos was taken prisoner after the Battle of San Jacinto.  He was later repatriated to Mexico, and served once again in the Mexican Army in the Mexican-American War.  He died in 1854 in Mexico.

Deaf Smith, the everyman hero of the Texas revolution, would not live long after the battle of San Jacinto.  He died the following year at the age of fifty in Richmond.  History will remember him as the person who made the victory at the Battle of San Jacinto a reality.  

Francisca Alavez, who later came to be known as the Angel of Goliad, continued to minister to imprisoned and wounded Texians, even after she returned to Matamoros with Captain Alavez, who apparently was not her actual husband.  The remainder of her life is shrouded in mystery, but recent evidence suggests that she lived into her nineties, and passed away peacefully on the King Ranch sometime early in the twentieth century. 

David G. Burnet so infuriated Texans with his decision to allow Santa Anna to live that he spent much of the remainder of his life defending himself.  Upon Houston’s election to the presidency of the Republic of Texas, Burnet resigned his position as Interim President.  He held various political offices over the succeeding years, but never ceased fighting with Sam Houston, even going to the extent of writing a pamphlet disparaging Houston.  On two separate occasions he challenged Houston to a duel, but Houston demurred on each occasion, famously replying, “Texas is tired of both of us.”  Burnet died in Galveston at the age of 82 on December 5, 1870.

Sam Houston went on to become the President of Texas.  Later he would become one of the first two senators from Texas in the U.S. Congress.  Four years after the Battle of San Jacinto, at the age of 47, Houston married 21 year old Margaret Moffette Lea.  She is said to have been a beauty, and, like Houston, extraordinarily tall.  Margaret would give him eight children, the last arriving when Houston was 67 years old.  
Houston became such a towering figure of American folklore and legend in his own lifetime that he rarely found solitude the remainder of his life.  He was much maligned for his handling of the Army of Texas and the Battle of San Jacinto.  Later he would be branded a traitor to the republic when he refused to side with the south in the Civil War.
Houston would pass away peacefully at the age of 71 in Huntsville, in the same month as the Battle of Gettysburg.  Thus, he did not live long enough to see his dream of Texas reunited with the United States of America.  
Houston is buried today in an unremarkable grave near the state prison in Huntsville.  He will be remembered as a great American, and one of the greatest Texans that ever lived.  Perhaps fittingly, Houston is today honored with an enormous white statue standing alongside Interstate 45 just outside of Huntsville. It is reputedly the largest likeness of an actual human being ever assembled on earth. 

Margaret Houston died of yellow fever four years after her husband’s death.  She is buried at a beautiful spot in Independence, Texas, some ninety miles west of her husband’s gravesite.

Travis, Crockett, Bowie, and Bonham, along with numerous other heroes of the Alamo, would be remembered throughout Texas with cities, counties, schools, streets, buildings, and streets named after them.  In World War II the liberty ship S.S. James B. Bonham was named for Bonham.  Their remains are today entombed in the San Fernando Basilica in downtown San Antonio.

The Alamo would become one of the most famous historical sites on Earth, visited by more Texans than any other place in the world. 

Mexico, a proud country with a tradition as rich as the United States, would be so embarrassed by the Texas Revolution that it would be initially omitted from her history, when in truth it was neither her people nor her military who were at fault, but rather her leaders.  A decade later, Mexico and The United States of America would face off in a difficult and costly war that would be the last one fought between these two nations.

Texas, the only state in the U.S.A. to ever be recognized as a country, would grow from 30,000 inhabitants in 1836 to a population of 27,000,000 by 2014.  Were it still a nation, it would be the 47th most populous and 40th largest in the world, its citizens accounting for the 15th largest economy on earth.  Zealot politicians would in the early part of the third millenium build a fence across the entire border of the southern U.S. in an attempt to separate The United States and Mexico.  Despite this, by 2010 fully one fourth of the population of Texas would speak Spanish as a first language, a reminder to us all that war is not the answer.  

***~~~***



Selected Additional Readings

The Raven, by Marquis James.

Mexico Biography of Power – A History of Modern Mexico, 1810-1996, by Enrique Krauze.

The Battle of San Jacinto, by James W. Pohl

Heroine of the Texas Revolution: Francisca Alavez – The Angel of Goliad, by Patsy Pittman Light

Slaughter at Goliad – The Mexican Massacre of 400 Texas Volunteers, by Jay A. Stout

Eyewitness to the Alamo – Revised Edition, by Bill Groneman

The Gates of the Alamo, by Stephen Harrigan

Lone Star – A History of Texas and the Texans, by T. R. Fehrenbach

With Santa Anna in Texas: A Personal Narrative of the Revolution, by Jose Enrique de la Pena

Sleuthing the Alamo, by James E. Crisp

Reflections of Early Texas, by John Holland Jenkins

Alamo Defenders – A Genealogy, The People and Their Words by Bill Groneman

Three Roads to the Alamo, by William C. Davis

Thirteen Days to Glory, by Lon Tinkle

After the Alamo, by Robert Scott

Texas, by James A. Michener

Lone Star Nation: The Epic Story of the Battle for Texas Independence, by H.W. Brands
 


About the Author

D. Allen Henry is a native of Texas.  He is the author of three textbooks and more than one hundred journal articles and archival publications.  Hawk Banks is his first novel about Texas.  Dr. Henry is also the author of The Starry Message.  The father of two daughters, both born in Texas, he lives in Texas with his wife Claudia, also a native Texan. 
Dr. Henry welcomes comments regarding his novel.  He may be contacted at dallenhenry@hotmail.com.  In addition, the interested reader will find further information about the events chronicled in this book at the author's website: http://www.dallenhenry.com/.
If you enjoyed Dr. Henry’s book, please be so kind as to provide a review on the website from which you purchased this book.

