SHARMA’S WOMEN

By Brian H. Jones

Copyright © 2014 by Brian H Jones

ISBN 978-0-9808107-6-9 

Written by Brian H. Jones

Published by Aichje Books, Goulburn, NSW, Australia, at Smashwords

Formerly published as ‘The Heights of Kerina’


All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form by any means – electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise – without the prior written permission of the publisher. The only exception is brief quotations in printed reviews. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


CHAPTER ONE: WHEN LAND AND PEOPLE MEET THE SEA

Jina watched Sharma struggling to heave his bulk across the courtyard, cursing at the men who supported him. When Sharma stubbed his toe and pitched forward, only the strength of both servants saved him from thudding to the ground. The great one of Kerina was falling and who knew what would collapse with him? Whatever happened, thought Jina, one thing was for sure—he wouldn’t be around to see it. Sharma would make sure of that. Yet in spite of that, Jina couldn’t hate Sharma. He should, but he couldn’t. He and Sharma had shared so much, done so much together, hoped and striven for so much that to hate him would be like negating part of himself. No, thought Jina, in spite of everything, I can’t hate Sharma. 
Forty years? Could it be so long since they first met when they were shoved into school together to endure its misery for four long years? Together with the other boys, they hunched and cowered together on rough benches, balancing their slates on their knees. The mud-plastered, turf-roofed building was too cold in winter and too hot in summer, while what went on inside was either tedious or frightful. The boys flinched as they waited to see who would be the next victim of old Aggam’s tongue-lashing or, worse still, who would be the next to be beaten across their shoulders with the stick that Aggam brandished as he stalked the boards, like a slave-master to his cringing galley slave-pupils. It was like watching the dice being rolled: if your number didn’t come up at first, it would come up soon enough. There was no escape from Aggam’s stick. You could only hope to avoid it for as long as possible.
Also, somewhere down that hazy tunnel of memory, Jina remembered the day that he and Sharma lazed on the shoulder of a hill that overlooked the coastal plain. Sucking on a stalk of grass, Sharma rested on his elbows and pronounced confidently, ‘I’m telling you, Jina, one day we’ll conquer the Dornites. We’ll take their land all the way from here to the coast.’
‘Oh yes? What makes you think so?’
‘It is our destiny.’
‘Destiny! Ha! What do you know about destiny?’
Sharma sat up and looked hard at Jina, the yellow flecks in his eyes glinting. ‘There’s a prophecy that says, “Kerina surely shall be free, the day that land and people meet the sea.” Have you heard it?’
‘Sure, I’ve heard it. So what?’
‘I believe it.’
‘How can you believe it? It’s just something that Aggam made up.’
‘It has nothing at all to do with that old fool Aggam. It comes straight from the oracle at Oshigna.’
‘How do you know?’
‘My father heard it from someone who heard it direct from the oracle. That’s how I know!’ Sharma clicked his fingers in a gesture of finality.
Jina grunted and settled back against a rock, basking in the warmth of the sun. When land and people reach the sea? It was a hopeless dream. He banished it with a shrug. Even at that early age Jina suspected that dreams and visions betray you like wraiths that lead their credulous victims into fathomless swamps. Dreams and visions were Sharma's provenance rather than Jina’s. 
They were taking a risk that day when they lay on the hilltop and looked out across the coastal plain. Of course, there weren’t a lot of other places that they could go. It was the dry season and there was no grazing left closer to Osicedi so they had shepherded their flocks farther eastwards than they had ever been. From their vantage point, the sea was clearly visible across the coastal plain. Although it looked near, in fact it was inaccessible because the Dornites occupied all of the plain between the foothills and the coast. So near and yet so far—to them, as with everyone else in Kerina, the coast might as well have been beyond the farthest islands of the Endless Ocean.
But that was a long time ago—so long ago that it seems like it happened yesterday. Jina closed his eyes and, once again, he imagined how he and Sharma wandered across the sunlit hills behind the sheep, or marched south a few years later, comrades in youth-fired expectation, to enlist in Vaxili’s army. But these were vain remembrances, just the sterile visions of an old man. When Jina opened his eyes, he came back to the reality of being confined in a stone-walled prison cell, three paces wide by five paces long. Sharma? Well, then, what about the great Sharma, lord and master of Kerina? Forget about titles, forget about achievements, and forget about power— one thing was for certain, thought Jina: in the last analysis, Sharma was no freer than he was. Both of them were prisoners of weakness, old age, and betrayal. 
Jina and Sharma cemented their friendship while they were suffering together in school. Even now, forty years later, Jina shuddered as he recalled how much he hated school and how much he hated Aggam. Nevertheless, whatever the strength of his feelings as he cowered on the school bench, Jina resolved never to let the old sadist see what he felt. He always showed an implacable face to Aggam, enduring the beatings in tight-lipped silence, never showing even the smallest hint of how much he suffered. Whack! Whack! The blows would descend on Jina’s shoulders while Aggam, panting, eyes glinting, would roar exultantly, ‘Aha! So mister Jina is too proud to cry, is he? We’ll break that stubborn streak, won’t we, eh?’ Whack! Whack! Then Aggam would roar, ‘Aha! Beat the child and save the man. One day you will thank me for this, my boy.’ But the more Aggam beat him, the more Jina bit his lips, clenched his fists, and retreated into baleful silence. 
On the other hand, Sharma deliberately provoked Aggam. He would stretch forward as far as he could, twitch his shoulders and then raise them high, offering them freely to the stick and to Aggam’s lust. With each blow, Sharma would emit a low hiss that sounded like steam escaping from a kettle. When the beating was over, Sharma would look steadily at Aggam, tight-mouthed, saying nothing but with the yellow flecks in his eyes glowing. After a while, Aggam gave up beating Sharma. However, he continued to assault Jina and the other boys.
Now, on that long-ago day when Sharma lay on the hilltop propped up on his elbows, sucking on a stalk of grass, all that was behind them. Thank Zabrazal for these mercies, thought Jina! They had done their five years of school and now they were free from Aggam's corrosive control. 
On that sunlit day so long ago, Jina and Sharma sat there companionably, looking over the hills that fell away below their feet while they watched the sheep grazing. What was there to say? Prophecy or no prophecy, even fresh-minded boys like them could see how matters stood. The grazing there in the uplands was thin and unreliable. Life was hard and insecure. To make matters worse, there was always the danger of an attack by the Dornites, who treated the land, people, and property of Kerina like their private beehives, to be raided at their pleasure. Even at such a young age, Jina sensed that the struggle with the Dornites would never end until one side completely subdued the other. Neither the seemingly endless succession of sun-drenched days nor the endless vistas of hills, plains, and valleys could drive away that dark knowledge.
On that day, as they often did, they practised hitting targets with Sharma’s sling. It was not merely the playful activity of two boys with time to spare. When they were out on the hills, they needed straight arms and sure eyes for their own protection as well as for the good of their flocks. For instance, when a wolf attacked the sheep only a few weeks earlier, Sharma disabled it with two shots from his sling before Jina finished it off with a spear thrown from medium range, followed by a flurry of thrusts from close distance.
The incident was one more milestone on their road to maturity. At first they were terrified but then, when they succeeded, they were ecstatic. They hugged each other, laughed and cheered, and pranced around the dead body which was still shaggy with menace. Even as they celebrated, they were in awe at what they had done while, at the same time, they were filled with the explosive knowledge of what they could do. It was the harbinger of what lay ahead. From small things, great things may come.
On that far-off, golden-hazy day, they only left the hilltop when the sun began to sink lower in the sky. Getting to his feet, Sharma jerked a thumb and said, ‘I guess we’d better round up the sheep.’ He was right. Even at night, it was risky to be so far to the east in no-man’s land. They would have to move the sheep westwards, further into the hills.
After they herded the flocks into a dead-end ravine and secured the entrance with thorny branches, they made their camp about thirty paces up the slope above the mouth of the ravine. It was Sharma’s idea. He said that there was less chance that someone would find them if they camped higher up. Even while Jina grumbled about the awkwardness of their position, squeezed into a small space between a boulder and the stony hillside, he knew that Sharma was right. He usually was.
It was too risky to light a fire so they dined on cheese and bread before they dug indentations in the sand, spread their blankets, and fell asleep soon after sunset.
Early next morning, Jina awoke with a hand over his mouth. It was Sharma, hissing into his ear: ‘Quiet! There’s someone down below!’ 
They peered over the top of the boulder, pressing as close to the rock-face as possible. In the half-light, they saw two men dragging away the branches while farther up the ravine, a third man was preparing to drive the sheep out.
Sharma pulled Jina backwards so that they slid down the rock until they were seated on the ground. He hissed, ‘Dornites!’
Jina nodded and reached for his spears but Sharma restrained him, growling, ‘Are you crazy? They’re too strong for us. They’ll kill us if we take them on right now.’ 
Jina had to admit that he was right. Each of the Dornites carried a sword as well as three medium-length spears secured across their backs in quiver-like holders. Besides, it was two boys against three full-grown men.
Jina subsided glumly. It was against his instincts just to sit tight and wait. Sharma knew that, which was why he maintained such a tight grip on Jina’s arm while he whispered, ‘Before we do anything we need to find out what the situation is.’     
‘And meanwhile they get away with the sheep?’
‘If they kill us, they’ll get away with the sheep anyway. Not so?’
The logic was irrefutable. They huddled there for a few minutes, pressed against the rock, tense with fear and apprehension before Sharma whispered, ‘They don’t know that we’re here. Let’s keep it like that. It gives us time to make a plan.’
Jina said grimly, ‘You bet!’ He was shivering with both fear and anger. Through gritted teeth, he muttered, 'What if they come looking for us up here?’
Sharma grunted phlegmatically, saying, ‘Then you’ll get a chance to use your spear and I’ll find out how good my aim is with the sling.’ 
Jina’s pulse raced faster as he realised just how close they were to capture or death. Death? Probably not. The Dornites preferred to take people alive, to be sold as slaves. If the Dornites captured boys like Jina and Sharma, often they had them castrated to serve as eunuchs in wealthy households on the islands that spread across the Endless Ocean. On the other hand, sometimes they sold them to be raised as mercenaries to serve in one of the Dornite city-states. Who knew? Jina and Sharma only knew that they didn't want to find out.
Sharma watched from over the top of the rock while Jina wormed his way amongst the bushes to get a clear view of the mouth of the ravine. He watched as the men drove the sheep over the nearest ridge and out of sight before Sharma joined him and grunted, ‘Three of them! I guess that’s the lot.’
Jina asked, ‘What now?’
It was a difficult question for two boys far from home on the edge of Dornite territory, having to deal with at least three fully-grown, well-armed enemies. Sharma grimaced and rubbed his chin while he said thoughtfully, ‘We have to narrow the odds.’
‘How do we do that?’
‘Our big advantage is surprise.’
‘So --?’
‘We’ll take them by surprise, one by one. That way we’ll always be stronger than they are.’
Jina muttered, 'Right! Let's go.' His hands were trembling and his knees felt like they needed to be clamped in a vice to keep them steady. However, above fear and above apprehension, he was seething with the anger of a people who had been beaten, exploited, and oppressed for too long. 
As they scrambled down the slope, Jina muttered to Sharma, ‘Who do they think they are? Just who?’
‘Calm, man!’
‘The Dornites think that everything in Kerina belongs to them. We’ll show them!’
Sharma took hold of Jina’s wrist and muttered, ‘Do you believe that Zabrazal cares for us?’ Jina nodded and Sharma continued, ‘Then pray that he is with us now.’
Jina replied, ‘Zabrazal is the defender of Kerina. He is with us.’ Even as he said it, Jina shot a quick, enquiring look at Sharma. Not for the first time, Jina suspected that Sharma didn’t believe whole-heartedly in the grace of Zabrazal. True enough, right then Zabrazal did seem to be a long way from them—a long way from two boys in an isolated ravine faced with three well-armed Dornite raiders. Guiltily, Jina tried to do penance for his errant thoughts. Silently, he prayed, ‘Oh, Zabrazal, forgive me! Oh, Zabrazal, we know that you care for us and that you are always with us. I didn't mean to slight you. Oh, Zabrazal, defender of Kerina, be with us now and I will burn five scented candles in the temple when we return safely to Osicedi.’  
From the ridge they could see that one man was at the head of the flock, one was to the side where the hillside fell away sharply, and one was bringing up the rear. Sharma pointed at him and whispered, ‘If we follow that one, we’ll get our chance. He can’t be in contact with the others all the time.’
Jina’s heart was racing, his skin was prickly, and his mouth was dry. He wondered whether Sharma was as scared and as tense as he was. Outwardly Sharma looked calm and unflustered. Only the pitch of his voice, the gleaming flecks in his eyes, and a twitching eyelid betrayed his feelings. However, Jina could sense Sharma’s tension and his coiled readiness. As so often happened in moments of stress or excitement, Sharma reminded Jina of a cat stalking its prey. Although he gave little away outwardly, his whole body and all his senses seemed to be balanced, poised, and focused as he pursued his goal. Also like a cat, he could be patient beyond normal endurance as if he knew that, if he waited long enough, the time would always come when his prey would betray itself by a false move or by relaxing its guard. That was when Sharma would pounce.
They tracked the man down a ravine until it narrowed and then, when he stopped to relieve himself, Sharma dropped him with a stone from his sling. When Jina reached the man, he had regained consciousness and was on his hands and knees, swinging his head groggily and groaning. Jina hesitated for a moment but Sharma hissed, ‘Kill him, man!’ Forcing himself to a pitch of determination, Jina closed his eyes and drove his spear at him. It hit the Dornite in the side and he rolled onto his back, screaming and clutching at the wound. In the span of forty years, Jina killed and wounded more enemies than he could remember—it’s what soldiers have to do, the essence of their trade—but he never forgot the sounds made by that man as he lay writhing on the ground. This was a man, not a wolf, and to Jina it was horrifying and repulsive.
As Jina stood there wavering, Sharma cried, ‘Finish him off, man!’ Jina clenched his fists, summoned his will-power, took aim at the man’s stomach, closed his eyes, and, with two-handed force drove the spear downwards. It went in easily, like a knife into soft earth and not at all like a spear thudding into a target. Then, while the man died with a soft gurgle and a little moan, Jina leaned on the spear with his eyes closed and tried to stop himself from gagging. 
Sharma barked hoarsely, 'Pull your spear out, man! He's dead.'
Jina straightened and withdrew the spear. It came out reluctantly as if the flesh had already claimed it. Without looking at it, Jina rubbed the point in the sand to clean it. Then curiosity got the upper hand and he examined the dead man. Lying there on his back in the dust, he didn’t look like one of the larger-than-life Dornite super-warrior-bogeymen with which the mothers of Kerina frightened their children. In fact, he looked crumpled and pathetic. Moreover, in his patched tunic and darned hose he looked to be no wealthier or healthier than the impoverished inhabitants of the tumble-down shanties on the outskirts of Osicedi.
The man wore a silver disc on a chain around his neck. One side had an image of Zreforid, a major god in the Dornite’s pantheon while the other side had a scratchy inscription that read, ‘Janali makes this loving gift to Selek.’ Holding the disc, Jina wondered who Janali was. Was she the man’s mother, his girl friend, or perhaps his wife? As Jina held the disc in his hand, for a wrenching moment he wished that their paths had never crossed. Oh, Zabrazal, thought Jina, if you really watch over us, couldn’t you have arranged things otherwise? But that was only a fleeting thought. As Jina remembered who the man was and what he had done, his resolve hardened. What did one dead Dornite matter? Why should Jina and Sharma care? After all, the Dornites cared nothing for them. Hardening his resolve, Jina put the disc into his pouch thinking that it would be a souvenir of their encounter. In fact, with luck he might even be able to sell it. 
Suddenly Jina’s knees went weak and he wanted to vomit. As he stood there gagging, Sharma shook his shoulder and said, ‘No time for that, man! Help me get him out of the way.’
Gagging and in a daze, Jina helped drag the body to a pile of rocks at a bend in the ravine. Sharma said, ‘Help me to prop him up.’
‘Prop him up? Why?'
Sharma clicked his tongue impatiently while they hauled the body behind the rocks. He said, ‘Someone will come back to look for him.’
‘For sure they will! That's why we ought to hide him.’
Sharma growled, ‘Anyone coming to look for him will have to pass us. He’ll be a good target.’ Sharma's face was shining and the flecks in his eyes glinted. He looked as if he was enjoying himself. If so, then he was the only one who was having fun because Jina was shaken and scared. Unlike Sharma, Jina wanted to get out of there as fast as he could.
Sharma’s plan worked perfectly. After about twenty minutes, one of the rustlers appeared around the corner of the ravine coming towards them at a trot and looking worried. They watched as he spotted the body, stopped, and called out. When there was no answer, he moved forward cautiously, sword unsheathed, and called out again. Right then, Sharma let fly with a stone from his sling and struck the man on the side of his throat. He spun around, gasping. Sharma’s next shot hit him on the forehead and he dropped immediately as if an invisible hoof had kicked him. His body twitched three or four times and then he was still. Jina thanked Zabrazal that he didn’t have to finish him off with his spear.
Two down and one to go! Now they were more like the hunter and less like the prey.
About an hour later, they caught up with the third rustler where the ravine widened into an open stretch of hillside. It was clear that he sensed that something was wrong. Looking worried, he kept on glancing around, frowning and shading his eyes against the low sun, and it wasn't long before he began to walk towards the ravine calling out as he did so and looking both annoyed and worried. When Sharma’s first shot hit him in the eye, he collapsed onto his knees screaming in pain. The second shot hit him on the side of the head and he toppled over, twitching. He was in acute pain but not dead so Jina finished him off with his spear. It wasn’t any easier than it had been the first time but at least this time Jina knew what to expect. He steeled himself not to gag as he pulled the spear out of the man’s stomach while Sharma thumped his shoulders, shouting, ‘We did it, Jina, we did it!’ He was grinning from ear to ear, his eyes were gleaming and he was pumping the air with a fist. Jina forced a grin and tried to share his celebratory mood. This time Jina didn’t feel like vomiting. He just felt weak and worn out.
When Sharma calmed down, he said, ‘We’d better hide the body, eh?’
Jina shrugged and nudged the corpse with his foot. By now, he had got over his sympathy with the dead and his stomach had settled down. Suddenly a wave of rage spread over him and he felt like wading into the dead man, fists and feet flailing. He wanted to kick the head until it was nothing but a piece of pulp. Who did they think they were, taking animals and possessions and stealing people’s livelihood as if they were lords of the land and the people of Kerina were their serfs?  Did they think that they were supermen, with their threadbare clothing and mean, pock-marked faces? Did they think that the people of Kerina would be pushed around forever, just submitting to their fate like sheep? 
Enraged, Jina said, ‘Hide it? No ways! We’ll leave it here as an example to other thieving Dornites.’
‘No we won’t!’
‘Why not?’
‘We need time to get the sheep back home. Also, we need to cover our tracks. We don’t want them to follow us back to Osicedi.’
Jina replied heatedly, ‘Let them come! We’ll be ready for them.’
Sharma put a hand on his arm and repeated a well-known proverb, saying, ‘When the eagle is in flight the sparrow should keep to the trees.’
They dragged the body up the side of the ravine, scratched out a shallow trench behind a boulder and covered it with earth and rocks. Hopefully it wouldn’t be visible from the floor of the ravine even if wolves or wild dogs dug it up. Then, as they drove the sheep up the ravine, they paused to bury the other two bodies in the same manner. That night, they stopped at the same dead-end ravine as the previous night. They hardly slept at all and at the first sign of light they began to drive the sheep towards Osicedi. Although they didn't say much to each other, it was clear that they both had the same thought: they wanted to get home and they wanted to do it fast.
When Osicedi came into sight, they finally stopped to rest. It had been a breathless rush, driving the sheep at a fast pace over broken country. Now, for the first time in two days, they felt that it was safe to slow down and take a break.
Sharma cried triumphantly, 'We did it, Jina, we did it!' Grinning, he thumped Jina on his back.
Jina replied, 'Maybe.'
'What do you mean—maybe? All's well that ends well, man.'
'Maybe it hasn't ended yet.'
Sharma frowned before he grinned and punched Jina lightly on the arm, saying, 'Hey, Jina, you worry a lot, don’t you?'
'What if their comrades come after us?'
Sharma wrinkled his nose, snorted, and replied, 'Huh! Those men were just lone rustlers. Not even their own people care about what happens to them.'
Although Jina said nothing, he wasn’t convinced.
As they walked down the hill towards Osicedi, Sharma muttered, ‘Let’s keep this quiet, hey? You know what adults are like. They’ll just make a fuss if they hear what happened.’
‘But what if they do come after us? Our people need to be prepared.’
‘I told you, man, they were just lone rustlers. Anyway, the bodies are out of the way. Nobody will find them.’
‘But what if ..?’
‘In any case, how will anyone connect them with us? Did anyone see us? Did we leave anything at the scene? Did anyone follow us?’
‘They could follow our tracks.’
Sharma snorted dismissively, saying, ‘Man, there are tracks all over the hills. How could anyone follow our tracks in particular?’
Jina was leaning over the rail watching the sheep file into the corral when someone said, 'Hello, Jina. Where have you been?'
It was Roda. She was standing right by his elbow, so close that he could smell the mingled aroma of freshly baked bread and rose-petal scent that lingered about her. Keeping his voice steady, Jina gestured eastwards and said, 'We've just brought the sheep back from the hills.' He tried to sound casual even while his pulse had picked up its pace so much that his whole body was stirring and tingling.
Roda wrinkled her nose and whispered with what sounded like a mixture between a warning and satisfaction, 'Everyone is looking for you, you know!'
Jina replied, 'I guessed that might be the case.'
Roda’s violet eyes widened as she moved a little closer. She was always doing that, standing so close that, with one small dip of his head, Jina could have laid his cheek against the top of her head. Sometimes the instinct to do so was so overpowering that he had to move away feeling foolish and wondering why, in the light of reason, he wanted to do that. This time, when he shifted away, Roda's eyes glinted as if she had gained a small victory. Now she put a hand on his wrist, on the bare skin just where the sleeve of his coat ended, and asked in a concerned voice, 'Did you have any trouble?'
For a moment Jina was tempted to tell the whole story to Roda. Her liquid eyes and close presence had that effect on him. In those days he always wanted to impress her, if only to hear her suck in her breath and say huskily, 'Oh, Jina, fancy you doing that!' He was still wondering how much to tell her, if anything at all, when Sharma called, 'Roda! Hey, Roda, come over here!' She turned away from Jina, giving him a knowing look as if saying, ‘You understand why I'm going, don't you, but we will meet again, won’t we?’ As she turned, she squeezed Jina’s hand, pressing her fingers into the flesh, even as she called out, 'Oh, Sharma, I've been so worried. You shouldn't stay away so long.'
Sharma grinned and called back, 'I can take care of myself, Roda. You don't have to worry.'
Sharma and Roda walked away together, heads inclined towards each other, conversing in low voices. Out of the corner of his eye, Jina watched them resentfully, wondering what Sharma had that he didn't have. He continued watching them until Roda stretched up, kissed Sharma lightly, and ran off laughing. 
Once again, Jina wondered what Sharma had that he didn’t have. It wasn’t the last time that he would ask himself that question.
Sure enough, there was a fuss when Jina and Sharma arrived home. Their fathers were furious and their mothers were both tearful and indignant. However, in spite of being closely interrogated, they stuck to their story about a lost animal. After a lot of huffing and puffing, the fuss subsided and life returned to normal by the next day.
Unfortunately normality didn’t last long. A Dornite search party found one or more of the bodies, put two and two together, and did manage to follow the tracks to Osicedi. Then, without any warning, they attacked the town five nights later. The raiders had an easy passage because, although Osicedi was quite close to Dornite territory as the crow flew, like most of Lower Kerina the mountainous country around it usually protected it from attacks. Guards were only posted during periods of general alarm and as this was a time of relative peace, there were no lookouts. Consequently the raiders were able to make their way right into the centre of Osicedi before they were discovered. 
There were ten or fifteen raiders and they operated in a cohesive group. They knew the layout of Osicedi well—they must have studied it from the hills around the town—and they moved so quickly that there was no time to rally a force to oppose them. In any case, most people were so concerned about the danger of fire, which leaped from one thatched roof to another, that there was no time to organise proper resistance.
Although there was a lot of damage to property, only three people were killed. An elderly couple burned to death in their beds and the raiders killed one of Sharma’s older brothers when the men of Sharma’s family spilled out of their house just as the raiding party was approaching. People in night attire were no match for fully armed assailants. 
For three days after the attack, Sharma closeted himself in his room, refusing food. He only came out of seclusion to attend the funeral, looking shaken and subdued. As the clods of earth were shovelled into his brother’s grave, Sharma muttered to Jina in a voice that was thick with anger and shame, ‘One day we will conquer the Dornites. They will pay for this.’ 
After such a disaster, the escapade with the rustlers couldn’t be concealed any longer. When their fathers had finished raging and slapping them about, Jina and Sharma were reprimanded publicly at a town meeting. Then they had to submit to a cleansing ceremony in the temple where the priest implored Zabrazal to forgive their lack of truthfulness. For Jina, the ceremony was the worst aspect of the whole sorry affair. He was certain that Zabrazal would have his all-seeing eye on him from that time onwards. How else could it be when they had to kneel at the altar, the centre of attention for nearly an hour, while the priest and the congregation sang, prayed and chanted? Jina was weighed down by the ominous feeling that he had vaulted to the top of Zabrazal’s list of those who ought to be watched in future.
However, it wasn’t all doom and gloom. Underneath the public disapproval, Jina and Sharma sensed that a lot of people admired them, even although they didn’t like the consequences of their actions. Even old Aggam gave them his grudging approval when he stopped to speak to them in the street a few days later. That was something that they had never had before—and never would again, very likely.

CHAPTER TWO: KERINA HAS A KING

Sharma and Jina were about twenty years of age when the struggle against the enemy reached a crisis. The Dornite city-states formed an alliance under a single military command and intensified their pressure on Kerina; also, they began using new military tactics based on cavalry and chariots. As success followed success, the Dornites began to widen the scope of their operations. With its lower hills and east-facing plains, Upper Kerina felt it the most as the raiding forces swept in against towns and villages, rounding up livestock and capturing young men and women. Within a few years, the Dornites occupied a swathe of territory that had belonged to Kerina for centuries. 
In the face of this crisis, the people began to demand action to counter the Dornites. From all over, the cry went up for a king to lead Kerina. Finally, bowing to the pressure, the high priest, Izebol, convened an Assembly of the Nation. 
Sharma and Jina were appointed to accompany the delegation from Osicedi. As rural ignoramuses away from home for the first time, they were excited at the prospect of seeing dazzling sights in the great world. However, Sininda—holiest place of Kerina, seat of the high priest, site of one of the foremost oracles—disappointed them. In fact, Sininda was hardly a town at all. It was just a collection of small houses, shacks, workshops, stalls, and storerooms. The only impressive thing about Sininda was the temple, which rose up the hillside in three ascending levels and dwarfed everything else in the valley.  
In the temple courtyard Sharma and Jina squeezed against a pillar and looked around curiously. The place was crowded, noisy, and pervaded with a pungent haze of incense and sweat. Sharma held his nose while he muttered, ‘What a stink! Don’t they ever wash?’ He looked around disdainfully and then whispered into Jina’s ear, ‘It’s this lot from Upper Kerina. They stink worse than anybody.’
Jina replied, ‘Some of our group haven’t washed for a few days, either.’
‘Maybe—but they don’t smell as bad as this lot, that’s for sure. Don’t they teach them anything in Upper Kerina?’
In one corner, a man was standing on a bench, haranguing a crowd about the advantages of having a king for Kerina. He was bellowing that without a king, Kerina would never be able to organise and control its defences. A king, declaimed the speaker, would unify Kerina and would overcome the old tribal divisions which he referred to contemptuously as ‘The greatest bane of Kerina and the greatest boon to our enemies.’
After a few minutes Sharma grunted and observed, 'Ha! What is there to say that’s new? Everyone knows what’s going to happen. Kerina is going to have a king and it’s going to get one within a few days.’
‘You think it’s settled?’
Sharma gave Jina a wondering look and replied, ‘Izebol isn't a fool. He can see which way the wind is blowing.’
‘You reckon?’
‘Sure, that’s what I reckon. You’ll see!’
They moved over to the other side of the square where an anti-monarchist was bellowing, ‘We’re the nation of Kerina, not so? You hear me? We’re the nation of Kerina—not the tribes or the city-states, or whatever.  We’ve been a nation since before we came out of the desert. A nation! That’s because we enjoy Zabrazal’s special favour. Zabrazal binds us together as a people. Zabrazal sets us apart from all the other tribes and the peoples. You hear me? Zabrazal is the only leader that Kerina ever has needed and ever will need. Zabrazal doesn’t want a king and we don’t need one.' There was a buzz of agreement from the listeners and someone shouted, ‘Praise be to Zabrazal!’ Another member of the faithful band shouted, ‘No king for Kerina!’
There were only about twenty-five people in the anti-monarchist crowd, much smaller than the crowd on the other side of the courtyard. Judging by the sizes of the respective groups, the pro-monarchists were so far ahead that they were already out of sight and heading down the home straight.
Listening to the speaker, Jina thought that old Aggam, the supreme anti-monarchist, would have approved of the sentiments that were being expressed. By coincidence, just then, he thought that he saw Aggam standing nearby, partly concealed by a pillar. Thinking that he was mistaken—hoping that he was mistaken, in fact—he looked again. Sure enough, it was Aggam. He gave Jina a glare of recognition and then returned his attention to the speaker, giving Jina the opportunity to sneak another look at him. Aggam was more animated than Jina had ever seen him. In fact, he was even more animated than when he went after one of his pupils with his stick. Jina studied Aggam surreptitiously, not wanting the old fool to think that he had any interest in him. By Zabrazal, Aggam was more of a desiccated old sourpuss than ever! Suddenly, agreeing with some reactionary statement, Aggam punched his stick into the air and let out a holler of appreciation that was so loud that Jina jumped to one side, thinking that Aggam was coming after him. Jina recognised the stick only too well. It was the same one that Aggam used in the schoolroom, the stick that he called 'The Corrector'. Feeling uneasy, Jina sidled to the edge of the crowd, suspecting that even here in public Aggam was capable of laying about his shoulders if he thought that Jina wasn’t showing enough devotion to the ancient cause of the priestly rulers. However, while he was moving away, Jina thought with grim satisfaction that this time old Aggam, the scourge of the schoolroom and the terror of their youthful days, would find himself outnumbered, out-argued, and out-manoeuvred.
Two days later the Assembly convened on a grassy slope on the outskirts of Sininda. Standing on a platform high enough to be seen by everyone, Izebol began the proceedings by sacrificing a white goat on an altar. After he declared that the omens were good, he launched into berating the People of Kerina in general for being unfaithful to Zabrazal. Raising his priestly rod in both hands, Izebol declaimed, ‘Fools! You want to become like the nations around you, abandoning your god for the false glitter of earthly splendour.’ Although this was greeted with a roar of dissatisfaction, Izebol was unmoved. He just folded his arms across his chest and stood his ground, chin lowered, bull-like head thrust forward, glowering at the delegates. When he could be heard again, he cried that a king would turn out to be an oppressor who would tax the nation beyond endurance and would strip it of its resources. Furthermore, cried Izebol, a king would conscript the young men for his army and for his road gangs, and would demand that the prettiest young women should serve him as maids and concubines. Rising to a crescendo, Izebol almost spat out his final denunciation when he called out, 'Fools! You are going to choose your own oppressor! Ha!’
In response, a stocky man of about forty years of age with broad shoulders and strong thighs stood up. His hair, thick and tawny, was unfashionably long and unruly as if he brandished it in the face of convention. He wore a soldier’s jerkin and stood with his legs planted firmly apart like a man who knew how to weather a gale. Izebol looked at him calmly from under glowering brows and called out, ‘You may speak, Kainar.’
Sharma whispered, ‘That’s Kainar of Orifinre. They say that he might be elected king if the assembly gets to vote.’
Kainar planted his hands on his hips, looked around calmly and called out, ‘We are well acquainted with the mercies of Zabrazal towards his people and we are grateful for them.’
Izebol replied dourly, ‘So you should be!’
Kainar looked around as confidently as if he was in the bosom of his family, raised his eyebrows and replied, ‘We have heard that Zabrazal is angry. But we have not heard his answer to our request.’ There was a buzz of approval.
Izebol rubbed his chin and looked at Kainar narrowly before he punched a finger at him and announced, ‘Zabrazal has an answer.’
Kainar replied, ‘We are ready to hear it.’ He sat down amidst a roar of approval.
Izebol glared at the delegates and called out, ‘You want Zabrazal’s answer? Good! Now hear the words of your god!’ He raised his rod and declaimed, ‘Zabrazal says that Kerina may have what it wants!’ There was another roar of approval. It subsided when Izebol waved the assembly to silence and continued, ‘However, Zabrazal reminds Kerina that it will have to deal with the consequences of its own choice.' He stretched upwards, his imposing head turned skywards, and cried, 'Kerina may have its king if that is what Kerina wants!’ Then he put down the rod, glowered at the delegates and said ominously, ‘May Zabrazal have mercy on Kerina!’
As expected, the delegates voted for the monarchy by a ratio of about ten to one. When the result was announced, Izebol raised his hands and gave a theatrical cry of exasperation. But he recovered quickly enough—after all, it was a foregone conclusion—and called for the sacred dice. 
Amidst a clamour of dissatisfaction, Kainar rose and protested that the delegates should decide and not the dice. As if oblivious to the tumult of discontent, Izebol waved Kainar aside and cried, ‘If you wanted the assembly to choose, then why did you come to Sininda? Go somewhere else! Don’t ask Izebol, high priest of Zabrazal, to officiate.’ Izebol shook his finger at Kainar, swept his gaze over the assembly, and said with finality, ‘That is what Zabrazal says.’
Kainar pointed his finger at Izebol, thought better of it, muttered something uncomplimentary, and sat down. Into the hush that followed, Izebol said firmly, ‘Zabrazal has spoken! Let the sacred dice decide.’  
While the assembly settled down, Sharma whispered to Jina, ‘Kainar is strong-minded. He doesn’t respect the priests.’
‘You reckon that some other person will be chosen by lot?’
Sharma replied, ‘Of course. The sacred dice reflect the will of Zabrazal, and Zabrazal protects the interests of the priests.’ He winked at Jina ironically.
The dice rolled and the priests supervised the process of elimination, tribe by tribe and town by town, until only the family of Dorgile from the region of Orifinre in Upper Kerina remained. Orifinre was in the south-west of Kerina, where the mountains and the highlands gave way to the grasslands and meandering rivers of the endless interior. The region had a long tradition of producing entrepreneurs and traders because it not only had easy access to Kitilat and its coastline but also traded with the fertile hinterland across the Great River. However, the people of Orifinre weren’t only shopkeepers and traders. They liked to remind the rest of Kerina that they also had a tradition of producing scholars and priests from their schools and in particular from the celebrated Academy of Philosophy. In fact, up to the time of the Assembly, five of the last eight high priests, Izebol included, had come from Orifinre and its academy. 
Wealthier than the other regions of the country, conscious of its sophistication and proud of its higher level of education—all of these factors encouraged the people of Orifinre to regard themselves as a cut above their fellow Kerinians. Predictably, in return the rest of Kerina accused the people of Orifinre of arrogance. In fact, when the argument really got heated, it was said that over the centuries Orifinrians had intermingled so much with other nations that they were bastards and mongrels, and not true Kerinians. The Orifinrians sneered at this jibe, saying that the people of the rest of Kerina were rural bumpkins whose intellects had been addled by isolation and inbreeding.
Dorgile’s eight sons were eliminated one by one until only Vaxili remained. He was a man of about forty years of age with a slender build and a well-formed face that was marred by a scar that ran from under his right eye all the way to under his ear. The scar had contracted the skin around the outer corner of his eye so that Vaxili always seemed to be looking askance at the world. He also limped, dragging his left foot slightly. Soon after Vaxili was crowned, a rumour spread that he got his injuries while fighting heroically against the Dornites. However, there was also a rival story that he was injured as a boy when he fell out of a tree while stealing fruit from a neighbour’s orchard. 
At mid-morning on the following day, Vaxili was crowned King of Kerina. Now no one would ever know the truth about how he really got the scar.

CHAPTER THREE: A FAVOUR

About a month later, Jina was on the road that led southwards from Osicedi towards Upper Kerina. After the recent rains, it was pleasant to sit on the box of the swaying wagon enjoying the rich aromas of the countryside while looking across the swaying backs of the oxen at the pastures and the hills that fringed the valley. Suddenly, someone grasped his arms from behind. Jina nearly jumped off his seat in shock. Bandits? As he flashed a look over his shoulder, a voice said, 'Keep calm! It's only me.'
Jina could have shouted out in relief. Instead he said, 'Damn you, Sharma! You scared me. What are you doing here?'
Sharma crawled out from amongst the bales and scrambled onto the seat next to Jina where he dusted himself off, looked around warily, and asked, 'Are we alone?'
'Except for a team of oxen—yes, we're alone.’
Still looking around warily, Sharma said edgily, 'I need your help.'
'If you wanted a ride, or whatever, you could have asked me straight out! You didn't have to skulk in the back of the wagon like a thief.'
Sharma hesitated, settled back, and said confidentially, 'I'm in trouble.'
'What sort of trouble?'
'I guess you could call it woman trouble.'
'Let me guess—trouble with Roda?' Sharma nodded morosely and Jina said, 'I'm not surprised.'
'Man, Jina, don't take that tone with me! I'm sick and tired of hearing it.'
'Then maybe you'd better explain what's going on.'
Jina had good reason for saying that he wasn't surprised. Roda had turned into a robust and shapely young woman. With her vitality, flashing glances, bubbly laugh, and low-cut gowns, Roda could make any man itch with desire. Furthermore, to add to her charms, as the daughter of one of the wealthiest families in Osicedi she was quite a catch. However, people observed knowingly that, fast as a man would have to be to catch Roda, he would have to be super-alert to keep her. They also said that Roda was the sort of young woman who could have just about any man that she wanted. Then they winked and added that in fact that was exactly what was happening. 
Sharma's story was simple and predictable. As everyone knew, he got involved with Roda about four months earlier. Jina saw it happening and, like a lot of people, he never could understand why he took up with her. Sharma was good-looking and well-shaped, with quick intelligence and an easy manner. His generosity and easy-going nature blunted the envy even of those who resented the fact that they weren't as gifted as he was. Men respected Sharma and women liked him. In short, Sharma didn't have to compromise his reputation and peace of mind by taking up with a flighty woman like Roda. He could have had just about any eligible woman that he wanted and, what was more, he could have had her in the honourable way.
Sharma hesitated before he said, 'Roda's father is after my blood.'
Jina grunted. It was too predictable. He said, 'Now you're going to tell me that Roda is pregnant?'
'No. Not that I know of, anyway.'
'Ah! That's a relief! But the fact is that she could well have been. Not so?'
Sharma said sulkily, 'That's no business of yours.'
'You make your trouble my business but I shouldn't ask for details, eh? Is that how it is?' 
Sharma couldn't meet Jina’s eyes. After a while, head averted, he asked in the same sulky voice, 'Are you going to help me or not?'
'Help you sight unseen? No ways!' Jina jumped down from the seat, walked to the rear of the wagon and took a drink from the water flask. Then he strolled beside the wagon, whistling. Damn Sharma! However, even as Jina affected nonchalance, he was curious. But he wasn't going to let Sharma think that he could rely on him for assistance while he held back on revealing the full story. Sharma would have to address Jina openly and honestly, man to man, or he wouldn't have any co-operation.
Sharma began to whistle as well, trying to out-nonchalance Jina. After a while, the oxen began to stray from the road and Jina had to climb back on the box to set them straight. He and Sharma sat there next to each other, whistling and affecting to ignore each other. Then the wagon lurched and Sharma bumped against Jina, who clicked his tongue in annoyance. Sharma did the same but more emphatically. Jina shoved Sharma with his elbow and he reciprocated. After more elbowing and shoving, Sharma caught Jina’s eye and grinned. That ended the charade and they started laughing. Jina never could be angry with Sharma for long. It was always like that and, in spite of everything, it stayed like that for a long, long time until the business with Zaliek. 
Jina said, 'Hey, I can't stand any more of your whistling. Just tell me whatever you want me to know and do it in your own way.'
Sharma pursed his lips, took a deep breath, and muttered, 'You were right.'
'About what could have been?'
He nodded and continued, 'That's what caused the problem. She told her father that I had—well, you know, that we had done what—you know—what you said...'
'She told her father that you slept together?' Sharma nodded morosely. Jina asked, 'Why in the name of Zabrazal would she do a thing like that?'
Sharma bit his lip and said in a thin voice, 'She wants to marry me.'
'Ah! What a surprise! So, if I've got this right, she goes to her father and says, “Papa, dear Papa, Sharma has slept with me. I'm a ruined woman. Now there's only one way for me to salvage what remains of my virtue and that's for Sharma to marry me.” Am I correct?'
Sharma muttered, 'You've got it.'
'Can't you just pay compensation and keep the whole thing quiet?'
Sharma shook his head morosely and grunted, 'They won't accept it.'
Jina sat back and thought about the matter. Right then, Sharma was completely in the hands of Roda's family. If they wouldn't accept compensation, then according to law he had to marry her. If he didn't do that, then he could be imprisoned or sent into exile. The law was pretty strict when it came to protecting the rights of violated women—or, perhaps more correctly, it was pretty strict when it came to the rights of violated fathers.
While the oxen jogged along and the wagon creaked and swayed, Jina considered the question of how to extricate Sharma from his predicament. After a while he asked, 'Are you the only man that she's slept with?' Sharma gave him a wondering look as if he had asked if the sun rose in the east. Jina said, 'All right, I was just checking. But don’t you see—that's the way out for you?’
‘How come?’
‘It’s simple. You just have to get someone else to admit that they've done the same and you're off the hook.'
Sharma replied despondently, 'More easily said than done.' Jina grunted, still thinking the matter through. Sharma continued, 'Do you think that someone will just step forward and say, “Hey, here I am! I slept with Roda?” No ways!’ Sharma snorted. ‘Anyway, I can't go back to Osicedi. Her father is a madman. He wants to beat me up and then haul me into the temple to marry Roda. He has his workers out looking for me right now.'
Jina couldn't help grinning when he asked, 'Are you sure they aren't coming down the road after you?'
Sharma looked around uneasily and said, 'No, I reckon I'm safe. No one saw me getting into the wagon.'
They travelled in silence for a while before Jina said, ‘I think I can fix it for you.’
Once back in Osicedi, after asking around, Jina found someone who would admit to having slept with Roda, against payment of a reward for being prepared to make a sworn statement to that effect. At first, Sharma's father exploded with anger at the thought of parting with so much money. He roared that his damn-fool son could damn well find his own damn way out of the hole that he had dug for himself. However, after about ten minutes of roaring and raging, he calmed down and agreed that it was better to pay the money than have his son married to a woman of Roda's reputation and background. When that was settled, Jina had a confidential conversation with Roda. He pointed out to her that if he took her former lover to a priest to make a statement, he would have to do so in the presence of all of the elders as well as anyone else who chose to be present. Not surprisingly, Roda’s family abandoned its matrimonial claims on Sharma.
Sharma stayed away from Osicedi for a month while things cooled down. When he returned, he said to Jina, 'You're a true friend. I'll never forget what you did for me.' In gratitude, he gave Jina a leather belt, broad and sturdy with a bronze buckle. Along the whole of its length, the belt was engraved with a wonderfully intricate pattern of mythical beasts intertwined in struggle. It wasn’t from Kerina; instead, it had the appearance of something foreign and fantastical. Years later, someone who knew about these things told Jina that the style of the belt showed that it was made in Bakuel, a country that lay on the Great Plains somewhere far to the south of Upper Kerina. Whatever the origin, it was the finest piece of apparel by far that Jina had ever possessed. As he stood there lost for words holding the belt to the light to view the craftsmanship, Sharma chuckled and asked, ‘Do you like it?’ Jina nodded, rendered dumb with appreciation. Sharma fitted the belt around Jina’s waist, stood back appraisingly, and said, ‘Wear it as a sign of our friendship.’
Jina murmured, 'I will always wear it.' And he did, for almost all of the rest of his life.

CHAPTER FOUR: THE CRADLE OF CHAMPIONS

Anyone who tried to rule the fractious, tribalistic Nation of Kerina needed to be both diplomatic and strong-minded. For instance, it was commonly said in Kerina, and only partly with tongue in cheek, that if the Dornites would only leave the Kerinites alone, they could get down to the really serious business of falling out with each other. Certainly, there were enough rivalries, feuds and ancient insults to keep the pot boiling interminably. 
Vaxili had enough sense to see that he had to put his stamp on the country as soon as possible so he began his reign by visiting the major towns of Kerina to introduce himself and his programmes. His style was unusual, in the sense that when he arrived at a town he refused offers of accommodation and board for himself and his retinue. Instead, he set up camp just outside the town and requested the elders to provide him and his party with food and refreshments. 
To most people, this was a serious slighting of the hospitality that a visitor should accept graciously. For instance, after Vaxili arrived in Osicedi, Jina’s mother said disdainfully, ‘Is this the way for a king to behave? I ask you—a king, or so he calls himself! He arrives with hardly any advance notice, riding on a horse covered with ribbons. A horse! Since when did we have horses in Kerina, I ask you! What's more, he sets up camp outside town instead of staying in a decent house. Huh! Tell me—is that any way for a king to behave?’ 
Jina’s father chuckled and asked, ‘How do you know how a king should behave?’
Jina’s mother replied heatedly, ‘Oh, don’t get smart with me! You know as well as I do that every dignitary who has ever visited Osicedi has arrived on a donkey. It's customary, isn't it? Even the High Priest rides a donkey when he enters a town. Not so? You think that a king should be different?'
Even his most ardent supporters had to agree that Vaxili’s behaviour did seem to be paradoxical. On the one hand, he paraded himself on a prancing, beribboned horse. On the other hand, he stayed in a modest tent when he could have enjoyed the comforts of any one of the finest houses in town. Later, when Jina gained better insights into Vaxili's thinking, he saw that there was no contradiction. Vaxili arrived on a fine horse because he wanted to impress people; however, he stayed within his own encampment because he didn't trust anyone outside of his own circle of officials and advisers, all of whom came from his home region. 
Jina’s mother flapped a dishcloth dismissively and cried, ‘Well, he might think just because he's king that he can act like Vaxili the High and Mighty, but he'll find that people in Osicedi aren't impressed by his manners or his upbringing.’
Jina’s father just sighed and shrugged. He didn’t have a good opinion of Vaxili; in fact, although he couldn’t say exactly why, he had serious reservations about this whole monarchy-thing. But what could be done? The thing was settled now, so, in his opinion, Kerinites should make the best of the situation, whatever they might think.
Later Sharma observed, ‘Vaxili should have become a guest of the town. As it is, he’s confusing people and putting their backs up. What’s the sense of doing that when he hasn't got any weight in his belly?’
‘No weight? He’s the king, man!’
‘He's a king without a treasury, without an army, and with hardly any supporters outside his home base—don’t forget that.’ Sharma whirled his sling, let fly and smiled in satisfaction as he hit his target. He picked up a pebble, fitted it into the sling and continued, 'If Vaxili gets money, an army, and a lot more support, then he can behave as he chooses.’ Sharma stood back, eyed his target, and let fly again. Plink! He smiled in satisfaction and offered the sling to Jina.
Next day, Vaxili addressed the people of Osicedi in the town square. Although Vaxili looked nervous, he started well enough by praising Osicedi as the cradle that had produced great men who had served Kerina well. Then he said, ‘Let me get down to business. You all want to know what my program is and how it’s going to affect you. Well, my program starts with two major tasks. The first is to build up a sense of nationhood. Soon I will appoint a royal advisory council that will represent all the tribes and regions of Kerina.’ 
There was a buzz of both interest and scepticism. Someone shouted, ‘We want a council of the people!'
Someone else bellowed, 'They'll just be a gang of arse-lickers.'
Vaxili ignored the hecklers and continued, 'My second task is to defend Kerina’ He paused, took a step forward, and said firmly, ‘To do that, I will create a standing army.’
Someone called out, ‘Are you going to abolish the militias?’
Vaxili replied, ‘Although the militia system has served Kerina well, it’s too cumbersome to be the first line of defence.’
Someone else called out, ‘There you are. You heard him—away with the militias!’
 The muttering and heckling increased to an uproar when Vaxili announced that he would introduce taxation to pay for the costs of the army and the monarchy. Kerinians had never paid taxes and the people of Osicedi didn't like the idea. Supported by a groundswell of opposition, the hecklers redoubled their verbal assault on Vaxili.
Someone yelled, ‘If a tax collector knocks on my door, I’ll put a boot up his backside.’
Someone else shouted, ‘We already tithe to Zabrazal. Do you think we’ll also pay taxes to a king? Forget it!’
From the rear, a voice added, ‘Hey, Vaxili! Go back to Upper Kerina and tax them! We’ll take care of ourselves like we always did.’
Another heckler yelled, ‘Are the rich going to fix it so that they don’t have to pay, as usual?’
Listening to the protests, Sharma said disdainfully, ‘Ha! Listen to them talk! Oh, sure, they don’t like the idea of taxation. But the choice is simple: either they pay tax and have an army, or they don’t pay tax and they don’t have an army. And if there’s no army, there’s no chance of defeating the Dornites! It’s simple.’ Sharma snapped his fingers impatiently and added, just as disdainfully, ‘Talk, talk, talk! They think they can wriggle out if they carry on talking long enough. But they don’t have a choice!’ 
Jina couldn’t help grinning. Sharma was correct. Whenever the debate lurched a few paces towards accepting the inevitable, someone would intervene with a remark that would take the matter back to an earlier stage. It was like trying to get a flock of sheep through a narrow gate: a few animals would pass through while the rest balked and scattered in all directions. Then, while the shepherd raced after the escaping animals, some of the corralled sheep would slip out through the gate and the whole thing would start over again.
However, the atmosphere had changed by the time the meeting drew towards an end. For almost an hour, the crowd had hurled their verbal missiles at Vaxili but had achieved nothing. Now they were weary, like workmen who have shovelled for hours to shift a rock and, at last, have realised that their labours have been in vain. At that point, Vaxili had got what he wanted. A wise man would have left it at that. Instead, as the saying goes, he snatched defeat from the jaws of victory. Perhaps it was weariness, perhaps it was the strain of having to deal with the same old predictable arguments wherever he went—who knew why he did what he did next? 
Suddenly, in response to a provocation by a lone heckler, Vaxili retorted vehemently, 'I'm king over all of Kerina! Remember that! I'm the king! Oppose me and you will regret it!'
Vaxili’s outburst had the incendiary effect of oil thrown onto smouldering coals. The crowd swayed and surged forward, shouting, while the people standing next to the platform began to shake it. It was a precarious base, fashioned from tables lashed together, and it looked like the whole contraption was going to collapse, taking Vaxili and his party with it.
Vaxili stepped back in alarm and half drew his sword. The noise increased and the platform swayed and trembled as more people took hold of it. Just then, at that crisis point, a member of Vaxili's entourage stepped forward. He was a middle-aged man with a stocky, powerful build, long hair tied behind his head, and a square face. This was the same Kainar who had spoken so forcefully at the meeting of the Assembly and had recently been appointed as commander of the army. Kainar advanced to the front of the platform, stood there with his hands on his hips and his feet apart like a sailor on a rolling deck, and bellowed, 'Quiet! Quiet, I say!' His voice was so deep and powerful that it transcended the noise of the crowd. Everything stopped as if the town square, crowd and all, had suddenly been frozen in time. Then Kainar began to sing. He had a good baritone voice that rang out with power and confidence. He sang 'The Rose of the Hills', the ancient battle song of the north. It was infectious. Soon the whole assembly was singing along with him.
When the song ended, Kainar put up his hands and declared, 'We are all one in Kerina!' He looked over his shoulder and nodded briefly. Vaxili and his entourage mustered their dignity and walked off the stage, shielded by Kainar, who stood there foursquare holding up his hands. Then, when the stage was empty, Kainar cried, 'Osicedi is the cradle of champions! I salute Lower Kerina!' He stretched his arms upwards and cried, 'Honour to Osicedi! Honour to Lower Kerina!' In the silence that followed, Kainar raised his hands in greeting, turned, and left the stage.
In spite of the near-debacle, everyone agreed, more or less grudgingly, that they would have to pay taxes. So Vaxili got what he wanted. However, it was astonishing that he came within a whisker of throwing away his success just as he was on the point of triumph. Unfortunately it was a foretaste of what was to come.
Within a month, the call went out for recruits for the national army. The elders of Osicedi appointed Sharma and Jina to join the squad that marched southwards to sign on as recruits. Perhaps, thought Jina, the elders thought that their youthful escapade with the Dornite rustlers was proof of their warlike dispositions; or perhaps they thought that it would be prudent to get rid of hotheads like Sharma and Jina before they caused more trouble. Whatever was the case, Sharma and Jina didn’t complain at the prospect of military service. Life in the army promised to be a lot more exciting than raising sheep, herding sheep, shearing sheep, and taking bales of wool to market.
As they marched southwards trying to look disciplined and soldierly, Sharma looked at Jina’s waist and remarked approvingly, ‘I see that you’re still wearing the belt.’
Jina replied, ‘Of course! I told you that I would always wear it.’
Sharma chuckled and replied, 'It was the right gift for this occasion. Already, you look like a soldier.’

CHAPTER FIVE: GOOD THINGS COME TO THOSE WHO WAIT

All new recruits began their service with a three-month period of basic training. Jina and Sharma’s squad was trained by a commander named Zaliek who, with his half-severed right ear, scarred forearms, and face with the contours and colour of a weathered granite boulder, looked like a brigand or a desperado. No one knew anything about Zaliek, and he gave nothing away; the result, of course, was that there was plenty of speculation about him. For instance, one rumour had it that that Zaliek was a Dornite renegade, while another had it that he was of royal descent from one of the kingdoms somewhere far to the west of the Great River. Many years later, not long before Sharma sent Zaliek to his death, Jina did learn the truth about Zaliek's background and it turned out that these rumours weren’t far off the mark. 
Another rumour had it that Zaliek fled from the Dornites when it was discovered that he was having an affair with a senior official’s wife. Sometimes the rumour was supplemented by the information that he refused to have an affair with the woman, which made life even more dangerous for him than if he did have an affair. Once again, no one knew whether or not these stories were true. 
No matter how many rumours were doing the rounds, Zaliek kept his past to himself and his relationship with the members of the squad was strictly professional. At their first meeting, he scowled at the recruits and growled, ‘I’m Commander Zaliek. That’s all you need to know. I don’t ask who you are and I don’t want to know. You could be murderers, faggots, or mommy’s boys, or all three together—it’s all one to me. You’re here for only two reasons. The first is to learn to protect yourselves so that you don’t get killed. The second is to learn how to kill an enemy, barehanded or with weapons, it doesn’t matter how. Never mind tactics and strategy! You will learn those things later, if you survive basic training.’
The training was tough. The recruits tumbled out of their tents at daybreak, ate a quick breakfast of salted mutton and corn bread, and spent two hours doing squad drill. Then they practised unarmed combat and weapons drill. Then, after the mid-day meal, they practised armed combat. By late afternoon they were exhausted. After the evening meal, which consisted of more mutton and bread that was tarted up with gravy and a few vegetables, they had to clean their weapons and equipment by lamplight. When that was done, they collapsed into bed, went to sleep almost immediately, and stumbled out at dawn to repeat the same grinding routine.
Zaliek was fanatical about fitness. He made them run and, when they were ready to drop, he made them run some more. He made them carry boulders up stony hillsides and he made them carry each other across marshy ground. He taught them how to run with shields and spears strapped to their backs, clutching their swords to their chests. Then, when they thought they had done something to perfection, Zaliek made them do it again.
In spite of his size, Zaliek was fit and agile. He did whatever the squad members did and he did it better. He would growl at them, ‘You think you’re getting good, hey? Well, you’re still so soft that the Dornites will have you for breakfast. When you can beat me you might have a chance against the Dornites—but until then, forget it!’
During basic training, they cursed Zaliek with every panting breath. However, when Jina and Sharma ran from the Dornites at Gandonda, remembering to carry their shields and weapons—and finding that they were fit enough to carry them—they were thankful for Zaliek’s training. They were just as thankful when they had the stamina to return and harass the enemy a few hours later. 
After about six weeks of training, Zaliek took the squad on a long run. They carried only their swords, strapped across their backs. After two hours they reached the highest point of the range of hills that now marked the easternmost limits of Kerina. During one of their recent pushes into Kerina, the Dornites had captured the foothills that lay between the hills and the coastal plain. From their vantage point, the squad could see the smoke rising from some of their new settlements.
Panting, they sat down on the slope and reached for their water bottles. Zaliek shouted, ‘Three mouthfuls each! That’s all!’
‘But, commander— ‘
‘I said three mouthfuls and that’s all you’ll have! Do you think you’ll get more when you’re fighting a battle?’ There was some grumbling but no one disobeyed the command. While they regained their breath, Zaliek paced in front of the recruits and then planted himself squarely before them and roared, ‘Ha! Do you think you’re ready to go into battle?’  
A few members of the squad muttered, ‘We’re ready.’
‘What did you say?’
‘We’re ready, commander!’
‘Ready? You think you’re ready? You think you’re ready to take on that lot down there?’ Zaliek gestured towards the smoke rising from the foothills below. ‘You think you’ll stand steady when the Dornite cavalry comes at you? You think you won’t turn tail when the Dornite infantry comes at you in closed ranks? You think that, eh?’
Now the reply was less certain: ‘Yes, commander. We think so, commander.’
Arms folded, Zaliek surveyed them sadly. He shook his head and growled, ‘You lot are pathetic. Do you hear me: pathetic! Oh, you’re brave enough—I don’t doubt that. You’re brave enough to die in your ignorance. You’re brave enough to die with a Dornite sword or lance through you. I don’t doubt that either. But do you think that bravery is enough, eh? Do you think it’s enough?’ There was more muttering. Zaliek roared, ‘Well, what do you say? Is it enough, eh? Speak up!’
‘No, commander!’
‘I said speak up!’
The recruits roared back at him, ‘No, commander!’
‘No! What isn't enough?’
They roared, ‘Bravery is not enough, commander!’
‘Good! Very good! At least you’ve learned something. Now, tell me the first thing that I taught you.’
‘We have to know how to defend ourselves, commander.’
‘Right! And what is the second thing?’
They roared, ‘We have to know how to kill our enemies, commander.’ 
Zaliek regarded them half sceptically and half approvingly. Then he roared, ‘Huh!  When you do those two things better than your enemy, and when you add bravery, then maybe you’ve got what you need to defeat the Dornites.’ Zaliek dropped his sword and cried, ‘Let’s see what you’ve learned.’ He flexed his arms and growled, ‘Who will take me on, eh? Man to man, unarmed combat—who’ll take me on, eh?’
The recruits shifted uneasily and exchanged furtive glances while Zaliek paced in front of them, grinning and flexing his arms. After a while, Sharma got to his feet and called out, ‘I’ll take you on, commander!’
‘Ha! Sharma, eh? You fancy yourself? Come on, then, let’s see what you can do.’ Zaliek bent forward in a wrestler’s stance, arms wide, balancing on the balls of his feet, taunting Sharma, inviting him to approach.
As Sharma stood up, something twirled, Sharma’s hand flicked, and there was a swishing noise. Zaliek shouted in pain and straightened, clutching his shoulder. Sharma dashed at Zaliek, kicked his feet out from under him, and pinned him to the ground, face down. Zaliek turned his face to one side and growled, ‘All right, you win. Let me go.’
Sharma released Zaliek, who got up and dusted himself off. Still rubbing his shoulder, Zaliek said, ‘You used a sling, eh? You call that unarmed combat?’
There was deathly silent while the recruits waited for Zaliek to descend on Sharma in a storm of wrath. Sharma replied steadily, ‘No, commander. But it helped me to defeat you. That’s what’s important.’
Zaliek squinted at Sharma narrowly. Without warning, suddenly he lunged forward, grasping. Sharma avoided him, springing to one side. Then he leaned forward, legs braced, with his hands in front of him. The yellow flecks in his eyes gleamed and his left eyelid twitched. Jina knew the signs. Sharma was coiled for action, and he was enjoying the challenge.
Zaliek straightened, gave his shoulder a rub, and said, ‘A sling, eh? Ha! But you're right—what does it matter, if you defeat your opponent? We’re soldiers, not professional wrestlers.’ He roared at the squad, ‘Did he defeat me?’
‘Yes, commander!’
‘Yes, that’s right, he did. He used unfair, underhand tactics, didn’t he?’
‘Yes commander!’ The reply was hesitant.
Zaliek scowled and rubbed his shoulder again. He bellowed, ‘Maybe you learned a lesson today! Don’t attack your enemy in the way he expects. Attack him in a way he doesn’t expect. You got that?’
‘Yes, commander!’
‘Good! Remember it and it might save your life.’ Zaliek turned to Sharma and asked, ‘Where did you learn to use a sling?’  
‘In Osicedi, commander.’
‘Osicedi, eh? Ever killed a man with it?’ Discerning a loaded question, Sharma glanced at Jina warily while Zaliek growled, ‘I asked you—ever killed a man with it?’
‘Yes, commander.’
Zaliek eyed Sharma narrowly and asked, ‘Ever killed three men with it?’
Sharma shot a glance at Jina again and then replied, ‘Not exactly, commander.’
‘Not exactly, eh? Well, let me guess—you knocked some of them down with your sling and your mate finished them off with a spear. Is that what happened?’
Sharma licked his lips, gave Jina a sidelong glance, and then muttered, ‘Yes, commander.’
‘And was your mate by any chance called Jina?’
Sharma replied reluctantly, ‘Yes, commander.’
‘That same Jina as is sitting over there?’ Zaliek jabbed a finger at Jina.
‘Yes, commander.’
Zaliek folded his arms, scowled, and said, ‘Do you remember the first man you killed?’
Sharma answered reluctantly, ‘Yes, commander.’
‘He was a big man with red hair and a thin face with pockmarks, not so?’ 
Sharma paused apprehensively before he said reluctantly, ‘Yes, commander, that is so.’
‘That’s right! Now I’ll tell you something that you don’t know—his name was Selek.’
‘I knew that, commander.’
‘Ah, yes, he wore a disc engraved with his name, didn’t he?’
‘Yes, commander.’
‘A disc given to him by someone called Janali, not so?’
‘I can’t remember, commander.’
'No? Well, perhaps you can tell me—where is the disc now?'
Sharma bit his lip and glanced at Jina furtively before he said, 'Jina has the disc.'
'Ah! Jina, eh? Now, let me tell you that Janali was Selek's wife. What do you say to that, eh?’
Sharma straightened his shoulders and clenched his fists by his sides. He said firmly, ‘I’m sorry about that, commander. But he was a Dornite. He was an enemy. He should have left our sheep alone.’
Zaliek snapped his fingers under Sharma’s nose and growled, ‘And I’ll tell you something else that you don’t know—Selek was one of my best mates. What do you say to that, eh?’ With his gaze lowered and his head to one side, Sharma stood there awkwardly, saying nothing. Zaliek pushed his face close to Sharma’s and said, ‘And then a few nights later a Dornite raiding party attacked Osicedi. Not so?’
Sharma replied in a subdued voice, ‘Yes, commander.’
‘They killed a few people, didn’t they?’
‘Yes.’
‘Who?’
‘They killed my brother, and—'
‘Your brother, eh? Well, what would you say if I told you that I was one of the men in the raiding party?’ Sharma raised his eyes and looked at Zaliek half in bewilderment and half in hostility. Zaliek hissed, ‘What would you do if I told you that I was the one who killed your brother?’
Sharma stiffened and looked Zaliek in the eye. He licked his lips, straightened his back, and then said quietly, ‘I would say, “Thank you for telling me, commander.” That is what I would say.’
Zaliek stepped backwards and picked up his sword. He asked, ‘Do you want to settle it now?’
‘Settle what, commander?’
‘Do you want to take revenge for your brother’s death, here and now?’
‘No, commander.’
‘You don’t?’
‘No, commander, I don’t’
Jina grabbed his sword and scrambled to his feet, shouting, ‘I’ll do it!’
Zaliek raised his eyebrows and asked, ‘You’ll do what, Jina?’
‘I’ll fight you man to man, commander.’
‘Who asked you to, Jina?’
‘No one did. But—’
‘Then, damn it, sit down!’
Clutching his sword, Jina shouted, ‘I’m not afraid of you, commander.’
‘Sit down and shut up, damn you, or I’ll put you in the cells when we get back to camp.’
‘You killed Sharma’s brother. If he won’t settle with you, then—'
‘Damn you, Jina, sit down and shut up, or I’ll have you arrested right here and now.' Zaliek took a step towards Jina and growled, 'You hear me? Sit down and shut up!’
Discipline asserted itself and Jina sat down, trembling and sweating, still clutching his sword. Zaliek grunted and turned his attention back to Sharma. Balancing his sword in his hands, Zaliek asked evenly, ‘You don’t want to take revenge, eh? Why not?’
‘I’m training to fight against the enemy, commander. I’m not training to fight you or anyone else on my own side.’
Zaliek grinned in satisfaction before he turned to the squad and said, ‘Excellent! That’s an excellent answer. Remember it in future. Forget about revenge. Forget about resentment. They get in the way of clear thinking.’ He wagged his finger and bellowed, ‘Focus on the task! The enemy will give you more than enough to think about without having your mind full of diversions. Remember that: focus and clear thinking! You got that?’ 
‘Yes, commander!’
Zaliek pointed at Jina and roared, ‘You! Have you got it?’
Jina replied reluctantly, ‘Yes, commander.’
‘Good! Like I said, courage isn’t enough. It’s enough to get yourself killed but it’s not enough to defeat the enemy.’ Then Zaliek turned to Sharma and said, ‘In any case, it wasn’t me.’
‘Commander?’
‘I wasn’t anywhere near Osicedi when they attacked it. I’ve never been anywhere near Osicedi in my whole life. Sure, I knew Selek. He was only an acquaintance and not a best mate. And I agree with you when you say that he should have left your sheep alone. That’s the closest that I ever came to having anything to do with the matter.’
Sharma replied calmly, ‘Thank you for telling me, commander.’
Zaliek jerked his thumb and said, ‘All right. Now you know. Get back to the ranks!’ He braced himself and bellowed, ‘Squad! Form up!’ The recruits got to their feet, dusted themselves, and swung their swords across their backs. Zaliek slung his sword and shouted, ‘Right, you lot! Let’s get back to camp. Keep formation all the way. No stragglers! Understand?’
‘Yes, commander!’ They set off at a jogging pace and reached camp just before sunset.
The camp was next to the town of Thania where Vaxili set up a temporary capital. Thania was strategically situated close to the border between Upper and Lower Kerina, protected by hills while offering easy access to the open, rolling country to the south, which was the sector that the Dornites favoured for their incursions into Kerina. Before Vaxili and his court arrived, Thania was just a quiet rural town. Now it was a boom town with facilities and services expanding to provide for both the regular and irregular needs of the court and the army camp.
While at Thania, Jina regularly attended devotions at the temple just in case Zabrazal still had his eye on him. He had felt that way ever since he and Sharma underwent the cleansing ceremony in Osicedi. There Jina had sensed an active, omnipresent intelligence that scrutinised him sceptically while chalking up pluses and minuses on the divine scoreboard. Jina didn’t want to provide a reason for more minuses to be chalked up.
The fact was that at the time that he joined the army, Jina wasn’t sure whether the pluses or minuses predominated on his score sheet. He hadn’t done much wrong but, on the other hand he wasn’t sure that he had satisfied the priests’ demands of absolute devotion to Zabrazal either. He had given alms to the poor, performed the annual sacrifice, tried to be truthful, and stayed away from married women—actually, stayed away from women altogether, in deed if not in thought—so he should have toted up a positive balance of plus points. But Zabrazal was unpredictable. The priests preached that Zabrazal could look into your thoughts and take offence at even the most fleeting hints of deviance or disloyalty. In fact, Zabrazal could get steamed up about a whole number of things that mere mortals wouldn’t think were worth a second thought. All considered, Jina understood that dealing with Zabrazal was like walking through a swamp on a dark night knowing that there were hazards everywhere and wondering when, almost inevitably, you would blunder into the next muddy hole or even flounder despairingly in a patch of quicksand.
Jina’s regular visits to the temple had one indisputably positive result, and she was named Dana. Although Jina noticed her right away during his first visit, initially she meant nothing more to him than any other young woman who was attractive enough to be worth two or more glances. Then, one day, he happened to sit behind her. While the congregation was reciting the creed, she glanced at her companion from time to time, giving Jina a glimpse of her profile. He became intrigued by the luminous secret that her eyes suggested. Like a shock going through his frame, it struck him that he wanted to meet her. In fact, he wanted to meet her so badly that the need was like a twisted knot in his stomach. But how? By Zabrazal, he felt gormless and helpless! Unlike Sharma, he didn’t have a way with women. He would sooner go on a day-long route march with a double-weight pack than approach a woman who took his fancy. The more he wanted to meet a woman, the more he would shrink into himself as if he thought that invisibility would do the job for him. However, even as he shrank with shyness, he cursed himself for being so damnably awkward and tongue-tied.
Dana was small with a compact body that fitted together all of a piece and moved with the confident fluidity of an acrobat. Most of all, Jina was attracted by her liquid eyes that gleamed luminously against the burnish of her olive skin. The glow in her eyes suggested that she had a delectable secret that she wanted to share with whoever was talking to her. As Jina got to know her, he learned that the secret was none other than the pleasure that she took in life itself—a pleasure so great that it emanated from her like the warmth of a hearth. She gave it to everyone who came within her orbit, but for a while—oh, Zabrazal, for a short while and so long ago, so long ago—she gave it to him in particular in her own special way. When Jina thought of it—and only that memory could rouse him now, that and nothing else—he wished with the useless poignancy of old age that he could reverse time way back to when he first sat behind her in the temple. But then, instead of bright recollections, the cruel starkness of his position filled him with bleak despair, and he wished that Sharma would send them immediately to free him forever from all memory and from all desire. It would be a supremely welcome release.
At the temple, Jina used to slide into the row behind where Dana sat. Forlornly, he would admire the way her hair curled at the nape of her neck, the seashell shape of her ears, and the ripple of her shoulders under the fabric of her cotton tunic. If she turned to whisper to her companion or to glance around the temple, a pang of pleasure would dart through him as he got a close-up look at her profile. He also experienced pangs of guilt, wondering if Zabrazal was chalking up more minuses against his name whenever his attention wandered away from the priest and towards Dana. More acutely, he was embarrassed to think that Dana might be aware of how closely he scrutinised her in his helpless admiration. 
In short, he wanted to meet her badly—badly, badly, so badly! So help him, he even considered trying to do a deal with Zabrazal, offering to accept a clutch of minuses against his name on the divine scoreboard if only Zabrazal would arrange for him to meet Dana. 
However, as it turned out, Zabrazal’s assistance wasn’t necessary. Dana solved the problem by approaching him one day as they were leaving the temple. She approached him and asked, ‘You’re Jina, aren’t you?’
Jina managed to untie his tongue long enough to stammer, ‘Yes, I am.’
‘Do you know Kentri?’
Jina’s tongue got tied up again and a flush swept over him so that his palms flooded with sweat and his forehead began to thump. He thought that he must have looked like an idiot as he stared at her wordlessly. She raised her eyebrows and said coaxingly, ‘Kentri?’
Jina muttered, ‘Do I know him?’ He tried to sound confident but he knew that his voice sounded squeakier than a fingernail being drawn across a piece of pottery. He cursed himself silently, tried to get control of his vocal cords, swallowed and said, ‘Uh—Kentri—yes, he’s in Osicedi—I mean, yes, I knew him at school.’
Dana said, ‘Kentri is my cousin.’
Jina muttered, ‘That’s good.’ Dana frowned as if trying to work out what he meant so Jina followed up by blurting out: ‘That’s good, because he’s been lucky enough to know you for a long time.’
Dina’s eyes glowed and she smiled mischievously. She murmured sweetly, ‘Well, you know how to speak sweetly to girls, don’t you?’
Jina blurted, ‘No.’
‘No? I thought that you were doing rather well.’
‘No. I mean—you know, it just came out. —'
‘It was a charming thing to say.’ 
No one, especially a good-looking young woman, had ever referred to Jina in the same context as ‘charming’. Strong, loyal, impetuous—even pig-headed—those were descriptions that he sometimes heard. But ‘charming’ was unusual enough to tie his tongue up again. Jina flushed and forgot words while he tried to hide his sweating palms behind his back.
Dana looked at him with a quizzical smile and asked, ‘Do you have a sore back?’
‘No. No—you know—my back is all right—no problem.’
‘It’s just the way you’re standing. I thought maybe...‘
Jina tried to straighten and stand more naturally, wondering at the same time what a natural stance was when you were trying to make an impression on an attractive woman. Hands by your sides? Arms folded? Perhaps he should gesticulate more often to impress her with his vivacity? He said, ‘It’s just a bit of stiffness—you know, from training—crawling across the ground, you know. It’s no problem.’ As he spoke, anxiety made him clasp his hands even tighter behind his back.
They were outside the temple now, standing in the shade of a tree. Dana asked, ‘Are you walking back to the camp?’
‘Uh, yes. Yes, I am.’
‘I’m also going in that direction. Let’s walk together, then.’
While they strolled down the road together, Jina was in a state of happy confusion. His emotions were seesawing. It was as if that moment could decide everything—and everything right then was whether he would be confirmed in happiness or abandoned in desolation. He wanted to speak and act in ways that would advance his cause; but, contrarily, he held back from doing so, for fear that his squeaky-voiced, gormless confusion would obliterate his chances of gaining a foothold in Dana’s affections.
Dana said brightly, ‘I haven’t seen Kentri for about four years.’
‘Kentri?’
‘Kentri in Osicedi! You know, the person we were talking about earlier.’
‘Oh, right—Kentri. Yes, Kentri—he’s your cousin, isn’t he?’
‘Well, that was the case, the last time I mentioned him. I don’t suppose that our relationship has changed in the last five minutes.’ Dana glanced at him quickly with her head tilted. Then she dropped her eyes and smiled mischievously. Jina was convinced that she was laughing at him silently. If he had been on his own, he would have bashed his head against a wall in frustration at his ineptitude. Instead, he tried to recover the situation by changing the subject. Searching for a topic, any likely topic, he asked, ‘Do you know Sharma?’
‘Sharma? No, I don’t think that I do. Why do you ask?’
‘He’s my friend. He’s also from Osicedi.’
Dana giggled and glanced at him mischievously, asking, ‘Does he know Kentri?’
‘Who?’
‘Your friend Sharma?’
‘Yes, he’s my friend.’
‘So you said. But does he know Kentri?’
‘Kentri? Oh, yes, Kentri! I guess that he does. We were all at school together.’
‘Then I must meet Sharma some time.’
Suddenly Jina’s senses were on bristling alert. He imagined that if Sharma were there, he wouldn’t be stumbling around in tongue-tied ineptitude. Instead, Sharma would be fluent and assured, taking the initiative, making just the opposite impression of the one that Jina was making. Once again, Jina felt like bashing his head against a wall—but this time for a different reason. He muttered, ‘Yes, you could meet him some time. But, you know, he’s very busy, so maybe—’
‘Even busier than you?’ Dana smiled at him knowingly.
‘Well, he’s just about the busiest person that I know. He hardly ever has time to relax.’
Dana chuckled. ‘Maybe I can meet him one day, if he stops being busy for a minute or two.’ She halted, pointed, and said, ‘I live down this way.’
‘You live with your family?’ Jina was trying to delay their parting. Any ruse would do.
‘My mother died last year. I live with his father. He’s the chief cook to the royal court.’
Jina muttered, ‘Ah!’ and hoped that it sounded profound. 
Dana moved away from him. Then she stopped and said, ‘I have enjoyed meeting you.’
‘Could we—you know—?
‘Yes?’
He blurted, ‘Meet again?’
‘Meet again? You mean could we meet again?’
‘Yes.’
Dana pursed her lips and looked at him shrewdly. Then she chuckled and asked, ‘Would you like that?’
Jina gulped, ‘Yes.’ Was his voice as high-pitched as it sounded?
‘Yes, I suppose that we could.’
‘At your home, perhaps?’
She frowned, considered the matter, and replied with a mixture of seriousness and knowing humour, ‘No. That isn’t possible. My father is very possessive. The last man who tried to visit him at the house nearly came to a bad end.'
'Really? How?'
'My father threatened to boil him alive in cooking oil.’ 
'Really? Boil him alive? He would do that?'
Dana gave him a wondering look and then giggled. 'Who knows? He might.' She giggled again, wrinkled her nose and asked, ‘Will you be at the temple tomorrow?’
‘I could be, if you’ll be there.’
‘Well, if you are there—‘
‘I will be there. For sure, I’ll be there.’
‘Good. Then we’ll probably see each other.’ Dana nodded and walked away. After a few steps, she turned and said with a straight face, ‘I hope that your back is feeling better tomorrow.’
As she disappeared around the corner, Jina was torn by emotions. Mostly, he wanted to shout out to the world, 'Can you believe it! I'm going to see her tomorrow. How's that for luck?' On the other hand, he wanted to crawl into a dark place and kick himself for being such a graceless fool.
Jina met Dana at the temple next day and for a number of days after that until there was no need to find a pretext for meeting. 
One afternoon they strolled away from the town. Following the road southwards through the foothills, they wandered through open countryside. It was a quiet spring day, warm in the direct sunlight, with the air so still that the sounds from the town drifted to them as if the houses were no more than a few paces behind them. Jina reached for Dana’s hand, taking her nearest finger awkwardly. She gave him a swift look, like a deer startled while grazing but she didn’t withdraw her hand.
They walked hand-in-hand for a while, not saying anything, absorbed in this new intimacy. Then they sat down half way up a hillside, ensconced in the green folds of the slope and looking down over the red-dirt road that slashed its way across the bottom of the valley. Dana sighed happily and lay back with her hands under her head while Jina looked at the form of her body that was outlined under the fabric of her tunic. She stretched her arms above her head and the cloth pulled tighter across her breasts. Jina looked away, not wanting to stare at what he desired.
Dana laughed lightly and asked, ‘Do you like me, Jina?’ She gave him her quick, half-knowing, half-humorous glance and then dropped her gaze.
He mumbled, ‘Yes, of course.’
‘Then why won’t you look at me?’
Jina’s throat constricted and his hands grew clammier. He mumbled, ‘I thought you wouldn’t like it.’
‘Oh, Jina! Is that true? Really?’
He mumbled, ‘Yes.’ 
Dana started to laugh. She sat up, hugging her legs with her chin resting on her knees. Then she glanced at him out of the corners of her eyes and laughed some more. When she stopped laughing, she exclaimed, ‘Oh, Jina—!’ She couldn’t say any more because she started to giggle.
‘Hey, what’s the joke?’
Between giggles, Dana said, ‘You are amusing.’
‘No, I’m not.’
‘Oh, Jina, don’t get so upset. You make me happy.’
Jina said, ‘I’ll tell you what, Dana. If anyone else called me amusing—’
‘Yes?’
‘I'd settle with them. They wouldn’t do it again, that’s for sure.’
‘Are you going to settle with me?’
Jina took a deep breath and said, ‘You can call me amusing any time you want to—but only you.’
Dana took his hand and laid it against her cheek. She said softly, ‘Thank you, Jina.’
Dana lay back again with her arms behind her head, stretched, and gave a relaxed sigh. Jina propped himself on an elbow and looked at her. When she raised her eyebrows and lazily returned his glance, he leaned forward and kissed her tentatively. It was the first time that he had kissed a woman and he didn’t know what to expect. Her lips were moist and receptive and opened slightly to receive him. He pressed his lips closer and a flush like lightning darted across his body. It was so startling, so immediate, that he withdrew guiltily, embarrassed to think that Dana must have felt it too. But she just lay there in the same relaxed position, smiled slowly, and murmured, ‘That was nice.’
Jina leaned over to repeat the experience but she put up a restraining hand, saying, ‘Enough for now, Jina.’
‘I want— ‘
Dana raised her hand again, closed her eyes, and murmured, ‘Take it slowly, Jina. We have plenty of time.’
As it turned out, they didn’t have plenty of time. But they couldn’t know that, creatures of the moment as they were, idling in the lazy sun on a grassy hillside.
The lightning was still darting through Jina’s body, igniting his senses. At the same time, his mind was in a haze of confusion as if the concentration of force in his senses had drained his other faculties. He flopped onto his back, lying next to Dana, hands behind his head as well. He exhaled, breathed in deeply, and exhaled again. The thumping in his blood began to subside. He exhaled again.
Dana said gently, ‘Good things come to those who wait.’ Jina glanced at her. Her dark eyes were enigmatic. He thought that he caught a flicker of teasing amusement but it was only a flash and he couldn’t be sure. Dana held his gaze for a moment and then closed her eyes, inclining her head to receive the full radiance of the sun.
They lay there, enveloped by warmth and by the silence of the valley. The quietness lay over Jina like a blanket, soothing his senses back towards normality. He closed his eyes and began to doze. As he drifted between waking and dozing, he thought how paradoxical it was that Dana could fire his senses and at the same time lull him into a state of relaxation.
They must have been lying there for about ten or fifteen minutes in silence when Dana said something. He asked, ‘Hmm? What?’
Dana said, ‘I asked whether you ever felt that you could drift like the clouds.’ She stretched out and put her hand across his, palm lying against palm.
‘Drift? Like the clouds?’
‘Yes, like the clouds.’
‘No, I haven’t ever felt that.’ 
‘I have. I imagine that my body expands and diffuses— ‘
‘Diffuse? What’s that?’
‘It gets thinner, less solid—oh, you know, it gets almost like a cloud, so that it floats and drifts.’
‘Where does it float and drift to?’
Dana clicked her tongue in exasperation, saying, ‘Oh, Jina! Don’t be so practical!’
Jina hesitated, pondering a suitable response. Once again, Dana had caught him off guard, making him stumble over both his thoughts and his tongue. He responded cautiously, ‘I’d like to be a cloud with you.’
‘Oh, Jina! Really!’
‘I’m serious.’ 
‘Are you?’
‘Yes.’
‘And if you were like a cloud—?’
Lying back with his eyes closed, he said, ‘Imagine if we could leave the highlands. Imagine if we could leave Kerina.’
‘Yes?’
‘Imagine if our bodies weren’t so heavy with our feet always thumping back into the earth! Imagine if we could float and drift instead of having our weight always pulled down. Imagine that!’
Dana squeezed his hand. ‘Yes?’
‘Well, I guess that’s about it.’
‘No, Jina, that’s only the beginning. Imagine if you were like a cloud—where would you drift to?’
Jina closed his eyes and thought for a while before he replied, ‘I’d drift eastwards over the lowlands, I’d drift right over Dornite territory, and I’d drift right over the coastline.’
‘And then—?’
‘Then I’d drift over the Endless Ocean. I’d drift over the islands.’
‘Yes? The islands? Go on.’
‘I’d see the ocean and the islands all spread out beneath him.’
Dana murmured, ‘That would be beautiful.’
‘Yes, it would be.’
‘Tell me more!’
‘The islands would be like pearls set in the neck-piece of a gown.’
Dana replied dreamily, ‘Like pearls? Yes, perhaps they would be—green and brown and ochre pearls? Who knows?’ She ran her fingers across the palm of his hand. ‘And could I be drifting with you, seeing the same things?’
‘Of course! Look at the sky. It’s huge. It stretches from here to the limit of the world wherever that is. We can’t see the beginning and we can’t see the end.  There must be room for a hundred thousand clouds all drifting at one and the same time. For sure, there's room for both of us and plenty more.’
Dana said nothing for a while before she remarked reflectively, 'You're not always practical, are you?’
‘Not when I’m with you.’
Dana sighed and said softly, 'Kerina is not a place for people who dream of being clouds.'
'No? How do you mean?'
Dana didn't reply for a while. She sat up, arms clasped around her legs, looking out over the valley. Then she inclined her head towards Thania and said almost angrily, 'Oh, out here a person can dream of clouds and drifting over islands—and you can dream of whatever you want to be. But back there—huh!'
'Back there? You mean—?'
'Yes, in Thania, especially there. What do they care about dreams and possibilities?'
‘They dream about making Kerina safe and secure. Isn't that worth something?'
‘Huh! You might dream about that! You and who else? Oh, don’t be so—so naive, so—so idealistic—there aren’t a lot of people like you anywhere—especially back there.’
‘But for the good of Kerina— ‘
'Kerina! What is Kerina? I ask you, what is it?'
'It's our home, Dana, it’s our home—that's what it is.'
'Yes. You're right. It is our home. But for some people it's just one big forage bin—a bin ten times bigger—no, twenty or thirty times bigger than anything they've ever got near before.'
'Forage bin? What are you talking about?'
'Oh, Jina, you don't live in the palace like I do! You don't see them snarling at each other like hungry dogs getting their noses to a food bowl. You don’t see them shoving each other out of the way, bowing and smiling even while they're planning who next to stick their knives into. You don’t see them crawling on their bellies to Vaxili in the hope of getting a bigger seat to put their fat bottoms into. You don't see any of that.'
'Who are you referring to?'
'Who? The Orifinrians, of course—Vaxili's friends and hangers-on! That whole bunch of smarmy flatterers! Who else?' Dana snorted contemptuously and tossed her head. 'Oh, it's easy to talk about Kerina being a home for all of us like they do when they’re sprouting the public line—but it’s just hollow words. I’m telling you, it’s just hollow words! When you've seen what I've seen, you'll realise that this is a home where just a few people are going to live in mansions while most people are going to live in shacks on the outskirts of town the same as always.'
Jina didn't know how to reply. He was overcome by the vehemence in her voice and by the picture that she painted. Dana looked at him knowingly, smiled, and trailed a hand lightly across his forehead. Then she lay back and said pensively, 'The clouds ask the questions. But they don't give the answers.'
'Maybe there aren't any answers!'
Dana put a hand on his shoulder and gently pulled him downwards. She murmured, 'There are questions and there are answers. It's up to us to hear the questions and to find the answers. Sometimes we just have to watch the clouds and be patient.' She took his hand, murmuring, 'Lie down again, Jina. Let's watch the clouds some more.'
After a few minutes of silence, Dana said slowly, 'Every day there are more questions. Sometimes I think I'm moving towards some of the answers and sometimes I think it's hopeless.' She shrugged.
'What sorts of questions?'
'Oh, I don't know. They come and go. But mostly I think: Is this really all that there is to life? Violence and preparing for war, plotting the destruction of the Dornites, squeezing the life out of anything that doesn't fit with their four-walled, small-minded pattern of the once-and-to-be Kingdom of Kerina, jostling to get near the forage bin—is that all there is?' Dana squeezed his hand and asked gently, 'Don't you sometimes feel the same, Jina?'
Did he, Jina, soldier of Kerina, feel the same? He knew what he should say. In fact, he almost said it. But then, from an impulse deep inside him, he spoke the truth. He said, 'Yes. Sometimes I do.'
Dana sighed, settled back, closed her eyes, and said nothing. Then, after a long silence, she said, 'I love the clouds for asking the questions. Every day, I think, “Thank you for the questions, because I know that I'm alive as long as I'm hearing them.” I also think, “Some day I'll find the answers.” In the meantime, I want to keep walking the road, following the clouds.' She squeezed his hand and said, 'I talk a lot, don't I?'
Jina squeezed her hand in return and said nothing.
They lay there holding hands, sometimes dozing, sometimes watching the clouds as they asked the questions and took the answers with them to the far horizons. Then Dana propped herself up onto her elbows and looked out across the valley. From his reclining position, Jina gazed up at her. The shape of her breasts against the pull of her tunic, her neck arched backwards, her hair flowing freely—the lightning flickered again under his skin, his blood thumped, and his throat contracted. He took a deep, deep breath.
Dana looked at him sidelong. Her eyes were serious but she was smiling mischievously. She got to her feet, smoothed down her tunic, and said, 'I guess it’s time to go.’
Jina put an urgent hand on her arm and said, ‘No. Stay here a while longer.’
‘Oh?’
‘Yes. I want to look at you some more.’ Jina was surprised at his own boldness.
‘Oh? Some more?’
‘Yes. I want to touch you.’
Dana tossed back her hair and put her hands on her hips. She said teasingly, ‘I told you, Jina, good things come to those who wait.’
Jina cried in real frustration, ‘I don’t want to wait.’
‘You’ll have to.’ She stretched out her hand, saying, ‘Come on, be a good boy. It’s time to go.’
As they walked along the road towards the town, Dana asked, ‘Are you and Sharma friends?’
‘Yes, of course. He’s been my friend ever since we were at school together.’
‘Is he a good friend?’ 
‘He's my best friend.’ Warning beacons flickered and Jina asked, ‘Why do you want to know?’
‘Oh, I was just asking.’ Jina looked at Dana suspiciously but she ducked her head. She let go of his hand and they walked in silence until they turned a corner in the road and saw the town lying before them. Then Dana stopped, faced him, and said, ‘The fact is, I know someone who wants to meet Sharma.’
Jina flared with suspicion and jealousy. He wanted to ask, ‘Are you the one who wants to meet Sharma? Did you get to know me just so that you could meet Sharma?’ The thought was so crude and visceral that it shocked him. But he couldn't drive it from his mind.  Dana must have seen what he was thinking because she dropped her head and stood there awkwardly. Jina fought down the insidious thoughts and asked, ‘Who wants to meet Sharma?’
Dana said, ‘I can’t tell you.’
‘Man or woman?’
‘A woman.’
‘So you want me to arrange a meeting with this secret, mysterious lady—just like that, sight unseen?’
Dana shifted uncomfortably and said, ‘Yes.’ Then she looked straight at him and said, ‘It’s not for me, Jina. It’s for a friend. It really is.’
‘Oh, yes? Is that so? Just so secret—and so sudden?’
‘It’s the truth, Jina. And it only came up later, after I met you.’
‘Oh, yes? Really?’
‘Yes. It’s the truth. I’m telling you the truth, believe me.’
As they walked towards the town, Dana took his hand but when he showed no response she let go of it. When they came to the place where their ways parted, Dana stretched up to kiss him but he turned his head away. She said angrily, ‘Jina! Don’t be like that!’
Jina shook his head and walked away. The freshness of the day had faded away. The world, like his soul, was dull and grey.

CHAPTER SIX: AMBITION?

In the days that followed, tossed amongst desire, resentment, and jealousy, Jina kept away from Dana. He couldn't get rid of the suspicion that she had hooked him only as a means of arranging a meeting with Sharma. Also, he was jealous of Sharma. He imagined how Sharma would sweep into Dana’s affections if she met him. He’d be all over her in no time while she … damn it, he hated himself for thinking these things as much as he hated the thought that they might be true.
Four days later he went to the temple, having decided that, Dana or no Dana, he should keep in Zabrazal’s good books. Although he sat at the back of the congregation and tried to make a quick escape after the service, Dana anticipated his move. She left early by a side door and was waiting for him when he emerged from the main entrance. She rushed up to him, asking, ‘Jina! How are you?’
‘Oh, I’m all right, I guess.’
Dana was wearing a bronze band across her forehead with earrings, a belt, and shoes of the same colour. Her floor-length robe was of a silky material that made Jina want to caress the shape that was enhanced by its soft folds. Dana looked at him with her ever-luminous eyes and he felt his resolve weakening. It weakened even more when she stretched up and kissed him on his lips. In fact, it weakened so much that he almost capitulated entirely. However, he just managed to get a hold of himself before the point of no return. He pushed Dana away, averted his face, and mumbled thickly, ‘I don’t think that we should see each other anymore.’
‘But why not?’
‘I just don’t think it’s a good idea. I mean, I have to focus on my training and—well, as I said, I don’t think it’s a good idea.’
Dana put her hands on her hips, faced him squarely, and said, ‘You’re jealous, aren’t you?’ 
‘Jealous! Me?’
‘Yes, you!’ 
Jina mumbled, ‘No, I’m not.’
Dana clicked her tongue and said softly, ‘Jina, can you truthfully say that you don’t like me?’ She looked at him closely, sniffed in disbelief, and clicked her tongue again. ‘You see, you can’t say it!’
'I can.'
'Well, then, say it! Come on, Jina, let me hear you say it.' Of course, Dana was right. He couldn't say it. Dana said more gently, 'That’s what I mean. That’s why I say that you’re jealous.’
She was driving him into a corner and he didn’t know how to get out of it. Jina muttered, ‘Look, Dana, if I say that we shouldn’t see each other again—I mean, isn’t that enough to—?’
‘No, it’s not enough for anything! I don’t believe you!’ She laid a hand on his cheek and said softly, ‘Jina, don’t be jealous.’
His resolve began to crumble. He muttered, ‘Well, you know, maybe I did over-react.’
‘Oh, Jina, you did!’ Dana stroked his cheek and murmured, ‘There’s nothing to be jealous about.’
Jina mumbled, ‘That’s good.’ Dana eyes were moist. He said, 'I’m sorry—you know—if I upset you...’
Dana snuggled her head against his shoulder, wiped her eyes, and said, ‘It’s about Sharma, isn’t it?’ He nodded. She said, ‘I told you the truth. A friend wants to meet Sharma. That’s the truth, really it is. But if it makes you jealous then let’s forget about it.’
 ‘Well, maybe I could arrange it.’
‘No, let’s just forget about it. It’s not worth getting upset about.’
By now, Jina’s resolve had weakened so much that the crumbled remnants had been swept out of sight on a flood of returning emotions. He kissed Dana. Her lips were moist and soft and as they moved against his, the lightning began to flicker again along the unguarded ridges of his body. He pushed her away gently and took a deep breath. Holding her at arm’s length, he asked, ‘Who wants to meet Sharma?’
Dana moved away from him and inclined her head, looking at him appraisingly. She asked, ‘Do you promise that you won’t tell?’ He nodded. ‘Do you promise by the wrath of Zabrazal?’
‘I promise.’
‘By the wrath of Zabrazal? Say it.’
‘All right, if you insist.’ He pressed both hands to his heart. ‘I promise by the wrath of Zabrazal that I won't reveal the name of this person. May Zabrazal damn me forever if I violate this oath.’ 
Dana put a finger across her lips, stretched upward, and whispered, ‘Mecolo.’ 
‘What? Mecolo! Vaxili's daughter?' Dana nodded. Jina asked incredulously, 'Vaxili's daughter wants to meet Sharma?’
Dana looked around and said quietly, ‘Yes, Mecolo. That’s correct.’  
Jina whistled and stood back to consider the situation. Vaxili’s daughter! It was no wonder that Dana wasn’t shouting the news from the rooftops. He looked at her, in a final check that she wasn’t playing a poor practical joke on him. Dana just looked back at him with those great luminous eyes—the eyes that always promised to let you into the secret that they held, and promised all the more, the more you looked into them. Yes, she was serious. He asked, ‘How does Mecolo know Sharma?’
‘She doesn’t know him, silly! If she did, why would she want to meet him?’
‘All right, then, what does she know about him?’
Dana said, ‘She saw Sharma in the temple.’
‘Oh, she saw Sharma in the temple and she decided that she wanted to meet him, just like that?’
‘Why not? I saw you in the temple, didn’t he?’
The logic was irrefutable. Jina said weakly, ‘But the king’s daughter …’
‘Oh, it’s typical of Mecolo—she knows what she wants and she goes straight for it.’
Jina took a step backwards, giving himself time to think about the matter. But the more he thought about it, the less he liked the idea. He said slowly, ‘I don’t know. It could be— ‘
‘Now, Jina, don’t get cold feet.’ Dana pressed herself against him, rubbing her forehead against his chin. ‘Think of what it could mean to you.’ She moved her body against his, soft and pliable, her arms clasped around him. A whole summer’s worth of lightning flickered and flashed through Jina while the thunder rumbled through his ears and his temples. He tried to fight the storm down and mumbled dry-lipped, ‘I don’t know! I just don’t know.’
Still pressed against him, Dana said softly, ‘Think what it could mean to you, Jina.’
He leaned back against the wall and pressed his hands against Dana’s shoulders to put space between them. He said, ‘I am thinking about it.’
‘Well?’
‘I’m thinking that it could mean big trouble.’ 
Dana pressed one of his hands against her cheek and asked, ‘Trouble? How?’
‘Damn it, Dana, she’s the king’s daughter!’
‘Well, what of it?’
‘What of it? Man, this isn’t like something between you and me, or just any—hey! What’s that for?’ Dana had been nibbling at one of his little fingers, playing it between her teeth and lips. When he tried to withdraw his hand, she looked him straight in his eyes and nipped the tip of the finger. He tugged his hand away, shook it vigorously—it wasn’t the gentlest of bites—and said, ‘Hey! Careful!’
Dana chuckled. ‘Have I got your attention now?’
‘You didn’t ever not have it.’ He was still shaking his hand ruefully.
‘Good. Now answer me honestly: Are you going to be a soldier all your life?’
‘I don’t know. Maybe I will be. Why not? Or maybe I'll go back to Osicedi one day. Who knows? Time will tell. Anyway, why are you asking?’
Dana stroked his chin, passing the tips of her fingers lightly to and fro across it. ‘I mean, are you going to stay a plain, simple soldier all the time you’re in the army? Just a plain, simple soldier? Don’t you have any ambition?’
‘Sure, I have ambition.’
‘How much ambition?’
‘I have plenty of ambition. Why do you ask?’
‘Mecolo is the king’s daughter—right?’
‘Which is why—‘
‘Oh, Jina, Jina, you only see the problem. You don’t see the possibility.’
‘Which is—?’
‘That Mecolo will be grateful for any favour that you do for her.’
‘Sure, she might be grateful. But there’s also a possibility—a big one—that the king, not to mention a few other people, might not be so grateful.’
Dana laid her hands alongside his face and said earnestly, ‘It’s her risk, not ours. All you’re doing is arranging the meeting. The rest is up to her.’
‘And to Sharma.’
‘Yes, and to Sharma. But he can make up his own mind, can’t he?’
‘I don’t know. I still think—‘
Dana interrupted Jina by laying a finger across his lips. Looking him in the eye, she said, ‘Look, Jina, I can’t speak for you, but speaking for myself, I’m not going to be a seamstress all my life. No ways!’ Dana pressed herself against him again, pulled his head forward, and kissed him. It was a long kiss, moist and luxurious. Jina found himself responding even while his mind told him that he was being drawn into this matter much too quickly. Then, still with her body against his, Dana asked, 'Do you remember the clouds, Jina?’ He nodded. She continued, ‘You remember what you said about how they could float together over the Endless Ocean, or any other place they chose?' He nodded again. Dana said, 'Well, Jina, a plain, simple soldier and a poor seamstress aren't free to follow their dreams—not if the dreams are worth anything. To do that, you need something behind you, something big, something that will set you on the right road.’ Still leaning back but holding their bodies close, Dana rubbed the tip of his nose half playfully and half forcefully. She asked, ‘Do you understand me?'
He nodded, blinked, and pressed against her. The fire was bright and he wanted her body to be moulded with his. Bright-eyed, licking her lower lip speculatively, Dana held him away from her and said, ‘Think of the possibilities, Jina. Think of the possibilities for both of us.’
‘I am thinking.’ It was true that he was trying to think about the future, even if his mind and other parts continually veered away towards possibilities that were more immediate and a lot closer to hand. He murmured 'Yes! Possibilities!' and tried to pull Dana to him but she leaned back with her hands against his chest and asked, ‘You’ll do it?’
‘All right. I guess I will.’
‘You’ll do it tomorrow?’
‘Tomorrow? So soon?’
‘Mecolo is impatient. She likes to get what she wants. With her, to think is to act.’
‘I’ll see what I can do.’
‘Oh, Jina, thank you.’
‘Hold it! I want you to promise that you won’t talk about it.’
Dana chuckled and said, ‘What's salt for the lamb is salt for the beef, isn't it?’ She stood back, put both hands on her heart, and said, ‘I promise by the wrath of Zabrazal.’
‘May Zabrazal punish you if you break the oath?’
Dana nodded and completed the oath.
When Jina told Sharma that the king’s daughter wanted to meet him, Sharma just laughed and said, ‘I thought you could come up with a better practical joke than that.’
‘It’s not a practical joke, man!’
‘Oh, come on, Jina—give it up. I’ve got better things to do.’
‘Damn it, man, I’m telling the truth!’
Sharma stopped chuckling and looked at him narrowly. He pursed his lips and asked, ‘You're not kidding?’
‘No. I'm not kidding. I’m serious. I am completely serious.’ 
Sharma gave Jina his sidelong look with his left eye half-closed. He flicked his tongue across his top lip, looked at him speculatively, and asked, ‘How come you’re the go-between?’
Jina explained and Sharma snorted sceptically, saying ‘A princess and a baker’s daughter? Friends?’
‘Why not? Who do you think Vaxili’s daughter has for friends? Do you think they’re going to import some true-blue aristocrat-friends from the Dornites, or from the Usserdites, or what?’
‘All right, all right, I accept that Dana and Mecolo are friends. But how do you know that Dana isn’t playing a practical joke?’
‘Because I know Dana and I can see that she's serious! Anyway, so what if it's a practical joke? Let’s say that we arrange a meeting tomorrow and no one turns up? So what? Or some other woman turns up instead of Mecolo? Again, so what? What have you got to lose?’
‘And what if only Dana turns up?’
‘By Zabrazal, Sharma, that’s in poor taste!’
‘I was just teasing. Hey, man, don't—’
‘I don’t like that sort of teasing! You hear me, man? I do not like it!’
‘I’m sorry. I apologise. Let’s forget about it. All right?’
Jina grunted, ‘Apology accepted. Forget about it.’ However, Sharma’s imputation rankled with him for a long time after that.
In spite of Dana’s schemes, Sharma and Mecolo had to wait a while longer to meet. That night, the bugles sounded just before midnight. Their shrill notes hauled the troops out of the depths of sleep and dumped them in the rough discomforts of the world. Cursing and complaining, they tumbled out of bed, trying to light lamps, falling over each other, tripping over their boots, and scratching around for weapons and equipment. Commanders bellowed instructions, raging at the muddled confusion and trying to get their units together in the dim, flickering light of torches. It took nearly an hour for the whole army to assemble on the parade ground and even then there was still a lot of shuffling, bumping, coughing, swearing, and hitching of belts and straps and adjusting of equipment. 
Finally, when the army had settled down into a semblance of order, Vaxili addressed them briefly. He told them that a Dornite army had swept in from the south-east, looting, taking captives, and occupying a large tract of territory. Tersely, he reminded them of what they had learned during their training. This, said Vaxili, was their first big test and for the sake of Kerina and themselves they dared not fail it.
So this was it! This was the big one—the new, untried, half-trained national army against the Dornites, the first head-to-head between the army of the Kingdom of Kerina and the ancient enemy. All of the men were excited and some were even elated. However, those feelings were buried under the discomfort of broken sleep, the weight of their packs, and the usual chaffing of soldiers under discipline. 
Yawning and muttering, the army trudged out of camp and took the road that led south from Thania – the same road that Dana and Jina had wandered along a few days earlier. There were shouts and curses in the dark as the commanders tried to keep order and more curses as men stumbled over obstacles or collided with each other. To add to the confusion, messengers on horseback forced their way through the ranks. Most of the men had never been near horses before and were terrified of them. At the sight of these dark forms, huge and alien against the dim night sky, men scattered to left and right. Zaliek cursed at them and shouted, ‘How the hell do you think you’re going to stand up to the Dornite cavalry when you run like children from a tame horse?’ It was a pertinent question.
By mid-afternoon, they were marching through countryside that had been pillaged by the Dornites. Hearing that the army was approaching, the inhabitants began to come down from their refuges in the hills. On one occasion, as they marched through a village where every house had been damaged or destroyed, people lined the roadside, grim-faced, shouting and jeering at them:
‘What good is an army that arrives when the Dornites have already left?’
‘Why are we paying taxes? Just to feed your fat stomachs, eh?’
‘When you’ve finished fighting the Dornites, come back and rebuild our houses, if any of you survive.’
An old man was sitting on a stool in front of his house surrounded by pieces of broken furniture. As Jina and Sharma’s unit marched past him, the man heaved himself to his feet and shouted in a high, thin voice, ‘May Zabrazal damn you to deepest darkness!’ He tried to pelt them with stones but he was so feeble that the missiles didn’t reach them. When he exhausted his supply of stones, he shouted, ‘You should have your faces smeared with cow dung.’ It was an extreme insult. Zaliek heard the muttering in the ranks and shouted, ‘Eyes front! Pick up the pace—hup, hup!’
A young woman came out of the house next door, made a derogatory gesture with her fingers, and shouted, ‘They raped his wife and then cut her throat. A woman of sixty years of age and him nearly seventy! They made him watch. Where were you? Are you here to protect the living or to bury the dead?’
Zaliek didn’t even flash a glance at her. He just bellowed at the squad, ‘The next man who doesn’t keep his eyes to the front will be put on heavy duty! Hup, hup!’ 
Sharma hissed, ‘We’ve killed three Dornites already, you and me, but I’ll be a lot happier when we’ve killed three hundred of the bastards.’
‘Or three thousand?’ Jina said it ironically but Sharma flicked an approving look at him and nodded.
Jina quoted Zaliek’s maxim: ‘Forget about revenge. Forget about resentment. They get in the way of clear thinking.’
Sharma said, ‘Don’t worry, my friend, I’ll be thinking clearly when we get to grips with them.’
‘That’s good. Keep it like that.' The destruction all around brought it home to Jina that the enemy was close at hand. Dry-lipped, he said, 'You’ll need a clear head and steady nerves. Facing those bastards isn't going to be easy.’
‘Are you worried?’
‘Worried? No, of course not! I’m just scared out of my mind, that’s all.’
They marched along in silence for a while before Sharma said, ‘Me too. But don’t worry—we’ll be all right when we get to grips with them.’ Then, after a few seconds, he added quietly but with menace, ‘When we meet them, we won’t forget what they’ve done to our people.’
Jina didn’t reply. Tight-lipped, he just nodded in agreement. 
CHAPTER SEVEN: SOLDIERS OF KERINA

Next day, they met the Dornites at Gandonda. Shivering in the morning chill and blanketed in mist, the army advanced down the valley from the north-west. Dornite bugles sounded somewhere in front of them, muffled in the thick air, and from time to time through drifting gaps in the mist they could see signs of distant movements. Then, as they advanced and the mist began to lift, they saw that the Dornites had formed up at the shallow head of the valley. From their position, the Dornite army looked like a gleaming belt that stretched across the floor of the valley. They stood there in complete silence, immobile except for the occasional movement of a horse or the light wafting of breeze-blown plumes. It was eerie, like confronting a life-sized, life-like, petrified frieze. 
At a distance of about one thousand paces, Vaxili halted the advance and re-formed the line, strengthening the centre and drawing the flanks forward so that they advanced along the sides of the valley. At that point, Zaliek planted himself in front of the squad and said, ‘Good luck! Remember your training. This is where I leave you.’
There were protests but Zaliek silenced them with a gesture and said firmly, ‘My contract calls for me to train you, not to fight against the Dornites.’
Someone called out, ‘Are you afraid?’
Zaliek’s eyes narrowed as he replied, ‘No, I’m not a coward. But I’ll tell you one thing—if the Dornites capture you, they won't kill you. In fact, they’ll be only too happy to take you alive. But if they capture me, they’ll kill me slowly in ways that you don't want to know about. I need to be paid double if I’m going to face danger like that. Anyway, it’s not my fight, is it? You’re the soldiers of Kerina, not me.’ He saluted, hitched his sword over his shoulder, Dornite-style, and moved towards the rear.
Sharma broke ranks, followed Zaliek, and jogged back within a few minutes, looking bleak. He pulled Jina towards him and whispered, ‘It’s like I thought. Zaliek says this is crazy.’
‘What’s crazy?’
‘We’re fighting in level country. The Dornites have all the advantages—cavalry, chariots, and room to manoeuvre. We’re playing into their hands.’
‘Thanks, Sharma, you’ve just made me feel a lot better.’
‘I’m just telling you what Zaliek said.’ 
‘Well, it’s too damn late now, isn’t it?’ Sharma licked his lips, grunted gloomily, and hitched up his breastplate. The line of Dornite infantry was moving towards them at a steady trot. Jina’s stomach tightened and he muttered, ‘Oh, man, may Zabrazal protect us. We’re going to need it.’
Sharma snorted. ‘Zabrazal might not be with us.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Izebol performed a sacrifice.’ He licked his lips again.
‘Yes? So what?’
‘The omens weren’t favourable.’
‘What?! We’re going into battle against the omens?’
Sharma shrugged and said grimly, ‘That’s what Zaliek said.’
Jina cursed as heartily as he ever had before or since. ‘Is Vaxili crazy, sending us into battle against the omens?’ Sharma just shrugged grimly. Jina asked, 'What does Izebol say about it?'
Sharma’s mouth tightened and he muttered, ‘Zaliek says that Izebol has no say in the matter. Vaxili told Izebol to keep out of the army’s affairs.’
‘Oh, that’s a great move, just when we need all the help that we can get. Hey, man, isn’t that a really great move?’ Sharma just grunted again while Jina cursed. ‘Damn! Against the omens! I can’t believe it.’
Sharma nodded even more gloomily and, as he eyed the inexorably advancing line, muttered, 'We don't need the omens to tell us what’s heading our way.' For about the tenth time in five minutes, he hitched up his breastplate, scratched under his helmet strap, and licked his lips. In spite of his own stomach-wrenching, skin-scratchy apprehension, Jina was comforted to see that the normally cool-headed Sharma was as skittish as a colt. 
Suddenly they heard shouted commands from the enemy force. The Dornite line trembled like silver foil shaken in the wind and the front ranks increased their pace. A subdued rustling whisper reached their ears, like wind rushing down a distant mountain side. It was the soughing of thousands of men advancing at a quick trot through knee-high grass. Then they heard the sound of the Dornite’s war chant—a steady, rhythmical hymn that rolled with a deep underlying menace. Until then, they could have been involved in war games, doing nothing more serious than feinting and manoeuvring. Now, as the war chant rolled in their ears, it was confirmed to them—seriously, deeply, with utmost conviction—that within a few minutes they would be the targets of heavily armed men who intended to kill them, maim them, or, if they overcame them and they survived, take them into slavery. Quiet fell like a sodden sheet across the army of Kerina. It was a deep, reflective silence.
With his eyes fixed on the approaching Dornites, Sharma murmured, ‘Vaxili said that the omens only meant that Izebol and the other priests should get off the battle field and leave the army to conduct its own affairs.’
Jina’s mouth was dry, his pulse was throbbing, and his skin was as prickly as if he had rolled all night in a bed of cactus. He muttered with conviction, ‘It sounds like damn good advice. If Izebol has any sense, he’ll get out of here as fast as he can.’   
The Dornites attacked with their infantry in the centre and then sent their cavalry to harass the left flank. The men of Kerina fought bravely enough, desperately enough, but inexperience soon showed. When their centre began to fall back, their commanders failed to notice that the line between the centre and the flank was stretching thin. This was the signal for the Dornites to unleash their chariots. There were only about thirty chariots but that was more than enough. The men of Kerina knew nothing about facing horse-drawn armour and the chariots crashed right through their line and wheeled for a new assault. The cavalry followed, the left flank was isolated, and the disarrayed centre had to fall back even farther to ward off the new attack. When the chariots scythed through them from the rear, the centre crumbled and the battle was as good as over.
The right flank withstood the Dornite infantry until they were exposed by the defeat of their centre. After that, it took only one rush by the chariots to tear the ranks to shreds. Following the example of the rest of the army, they broke and ran. Within seconds, Jina and Sharma’s unit deteriorated into a scrambling mob of terrified men, screaming, shoving each other aside and abandoning wounded comrades to their fate. Terror, which had been battened down until that moment, burst forth with energising force and infused them with life-preserving energy. 
In short, they ran for their lives.
Sharma and Jina fled together with other men from their squad. Sharma pointed up the slope and panted, ‘Get as high as possible.’ He was right. Being more heavily armed than they were, the Dornites wouldn’t easily follow them into the higher parts of the hills. The fleeing men scrambled up slopes and crags, panting, cursing, tearing their fingers to shreds and lacerating their knees and shins as they pulled themselves upward. 
After about twenty minutes they stopped to catch their breaths. Looking down from the hillside, they viewed the carnage that was going on below them on the broad floor of the valley. Suddenly, from behind them, someone growled, ‘Where’s the rest of the squad?’ It was Zaliek, looking at them grimly.
Jina replied, ‘There are some more men coming up the hill, commander.’
From behind a boulder, Zaliek peered down the hillside. He cursed and said, ‘If that’s all that’s left of you lot, I’ll have to get another job.’ Then he grunted approvingly and observed, ‘You’ve still got your weapons, eh? At least I taught you something useful.’ He surveyed them sadly and shook his head mournfully, growling, ‘Damn fool tactics, taking on the Dornites at their own game.’
About three-quarters of the squad survived the battle. Zaliek got them together and led them farther into the hills where he settled them down in a protected position and posted look-outs. When night fell, Zaliek withdrew the scouts, saying, ‘The Dornites won’t attack in the dark, even if they know where we are—which I doubt.’ He unslung his sword, stretched, rubbed the back of his neck, and said, ‘We’ll stay here until first light and then we’ll head for Thania. We should be all right if we stay on the high ground.’ 
Half admiringly and half resentfully, Sharma asked him, ‘Is this in your contract, commander?’
Zaliek scowled and replied truculently, 'No, but I won’t have a job if the Dornites wipe out my unit, will I?’ 
The men settled down in discomfort without food, water, or protection against the chill of the night. Jina and Sharma slumped against a boulder, absorbing its warmth into their weary bodies. However, even in their exhausted states, Sharma wouldn’t allow them to rest for long. Jina was half asleep when suddenly Sharma sat up, snapped his fingers, and asked, ‘What are the Dornites doing right now?’
‘Hmm? What does it matter?’ Jina was dead tired and thoroughly drained. He just wanted to sleep. Instead of talking about the Dornites, he wanted to forget about them—wipe them right out of his mind—and in so doing obliterate the memory of the day’s terror and humiliation.
‘The Dornites—what are they doing?’
Jina roused himself and growled, ‘Celebrating, of course. What else would they be doing?’
Sharma said, ‘Exactly!’
‘Yes, exactly! Like I said, what else?’ Jina closed his eyes and slid down against the boulder.
Sharma said thoughtfully, ‘Now is the time to strike at them.’
‘What? Attack the Dornites? You must be crazy!’ 
Sharma replied, ‘Crazy? I don’t think so.’ He got to his feet and walked off into the darkness while Jina snorted, slumped down again, and dozed off.
Jina didn’t remember anything more until about half an hour later when Sharma dug his ribs with his foot and called, ‘On your feet, Jina. It’s time to move.’
‘Huh? I’m trying to sleep, man. Leave me alone.’
Sharma crouched and shook Jina’s shoulders. He said, ‘It’s time to move against the Dornites.’
'The battle is over, man. We've been defeated. Let's get some sleep.'
'The battle might be over but there's still a war to be fought. We can harass them enough to stop them from pursuing our men.'
Jina wriggled upwards against the boulder and muttered, ‘Are you serious?’
Zaliek loomed over him, a dark form against the stars, and growled, ‘Volunteers only! Are you joining us, or not?’
Jina yawned mightily, stretched, and said, ‘I guess Sharma's already volunteered me, not so?’
Sharma chuckled grimly and replied, ‘You’re a mind-reader, Jina.’
Jina yawned again, stumbled to his feet, dusted himself off, and muttered, ‘I just hope that I can still get some sleep tonight.’
Sharma replied stoically, ‘I doubt it.’ 
Everyone volunteered, more or less willingly, and they set off in single file keeping to the high ground. It was a cloudless night with a quarter moon and they were able to make good progress. After about an hour, they reached the ridge above the Dornite camp. Concealed behind boulders half way down the slope, they mapped out their plan of attack. It was simple: they would divide into two groups, each with a clearly defined mission. The larger group would set fire to the nearest tents and kill the occupants as they emerged while the smaller group would kill or maim as many horses as possible and stampede the rest. They would do it as quickly as possible, restricting their attack to easy targets, after which they would re-assemble and make their escape. Zaliek took the lead in mapping out the plan of attack but refused to accompany them. 
Their scouts reported that it looked as if the Dornites hadn’t posted sentries. It seemed that they were so complacent after their overwhelming victory that they weren’t taking even elementary precautions.
Jina and Sharma were in the group that attacked the tents. As they crawled towards the camp from the bottom of the ridge, Jina’s heart was pounding and he was heavy with the foreboding that at any moment they would be seen, exposed as they were on open ground between the tents and the safety of the hills. The nearer they got to the camp, the more he was convinced that each tent contained a group of vigilant, murderous Dornites. He visualised them licking their lips and pricking their fingers on the points of their swords as they watched their enemies crawling towards them. He anticipated that they were just waiting for the appropriate moment to rush out and slake their blood-lust by thrusting their swords and spears through their enemies’ fragile bodies. 
To his surprise, nothing happened. They reached the lee of the nearest tent, stood up cautiously, and looked around. Although a number of men were lying asleep around the nearest fire, there appeared to be no guards or sentries. Sharma whispered, 'By Zabrazal, they're careless bastards! They'll pay for it. It's their turn now.' He led the way, bounding cat-like towards the men, his swift form silhouetted against the fire. After witnessing the disaster and slaughter of the morning, Jina felt nothing but grim exultation as he plunged his sword into the body that lay in front of him, arms flung behind his head, torso exposed in careless sleep. Jina struck in vengeance for the carnage of the day, he struck for Osicedi, he struck for the years of humiliation, and he struck for all of Kerina. He killed four men in quick succession and, when he looked around, he was disappointed to see that there were no more victims to hand. 
Next, they lit faggots from the fire, divided into smaller groups, set fire to the nearest tents, and killed the occupants as they tumbled out. Flushed with their success, they wanted to repeat the exercise but the noise and the flames roused the occupants of the neighbouring tents. Sharma called off the attack and they ran back towards the safety of the darkness.
They could see Zaliek’s signal flickering near the top of the ridge and Jina started to follow the others towards it. However, Sharma grabbed him and whispered, ‘We can do one more job before we leave.’
‘What? Are you crazy? The whole camp is awake. Let’s get out of here!’
Sharma pointed to a large tent that stood about thirty paces away from them and hissed, ‘I bet that’s the commander’s tent.’
Jina pulled loose from Sharma's grip. Exultation had faded into apprehension. His stomach was in a knot, he was sweating all over, and he wanted to get away as quickly as possible. He hissed back, ‘All the more reason to avoid it.’
‘Not so!’ Sharma pulled him onto his knees and, with his mouth next to his ear, said, ‘Take a look. It’s unguarded. Follow me.’ Keeping low, he flitted around the perimeter of the camp Cursing, Jina followed him until he stopped when there was only one small tent between them and the large tent. He dropped onto his stomach next to Sharma and asked, ‘What are you planning?’
Sharma hissed, ‘Maybe we can get the big one.’
Jina nodded glumly, thinking that the big one was probably attended by big danger. In his opinion, the best thing for them to do was to get out of there fast—but he knew that the idea would just bounce off Sharma. 
Sharma raised himself to his knees and asked, ‘Are you ready?’ Jina nodded stoically and poised himself for the sprint to the tent.
When they reached their target, Sharma pierced the canvas with a knife and peered through the gash. He grinned at Jina, nodded, and pointed. Jina took a quick look and saw a man in the act of getting out of bed. While he watched, the man swung his feet onto the floor, yawned, leaned forward, and ran his hands through his dishevelled hair. 
Sharma nodded and raised a thumb. They split the canvas with their swords and rushed in. The man hardly had time to register their presence before Jina struck him a blow across the neck and drove his sword into the man’s ribcage. The man gave one startled grunt, toppled over, and fell to the floor next to the bed. Withdrawing his sword, Jina turned to leave but Sharma grabbed his arm. He said, ‘Wait! There’s one more thing to do.’
‘He's dead! For God’s sake, let’s get out of here!’
Sharma gave Jina an impatient glare, dragged the body to the middle of the floor, and unsheathed a broadsword that was hanging on a tent pole. He hissed, ‘Just getting a souvenir of our visit.’ He brought the sword down on the neck of the corpse. The blow almost completely severed the head from the body. Sharma hacked once more and the head rolled free. He stuffed the head into a canvas bag, slung it over his shoulder, and jerked his thumb in a let's-go motion.
Jina said, ‘Hang on! One last job.’ He picked up a torch and flung it against the canvas. Then he followed Sharma into the darkness.
They escaped without being noticed and made their way to the place where Zaliek’s light still flickered. When they got there, Zaliek cursed them and growled, ‘What kept you? You’re holding us up.’
Sharma said lightly, ‘We had some extra business to attend to.’ He pointed to the Dornite camp, where the large tent had just collapsed in a circle of fire, and said, ‘That was part of the business, commander.’
Zaliek gave a grudging nod of acceptance. Then he looked at the bag that Sharma was carrying and said disapprovingly, ‘I see you had enough time to collect some loot.’ 
Sharma grinned mischievously, saying smugly, ‘It’s not loot, commander. It’s a souvenir.’
‘A souvenir! Same thing! Any way you look at it, you could have got killed for it.’ Zaliek cursed, extinguished the torch, and growled, ‘Get moving. The Dornites will be on our trail soon.’
Sharma said smugly, ‘Maybe not, commander.’
Zaliek just snorted sceptically and led the way towards the top of the ridge.
They travelled for the rest of the night, only stopping for short periods. At daybreak, they reached an abandoned village where they were able to get water, fruit, and some dry bread. There they met two of scouts who told them that Vaxili had regrouped what remained of their army and was trying to establish a defensive position. 
While they paused for refreshment, Zaliek pointed to the bag that Sharma was carrying and wrinkled his nose in disgust. The floor of the bag was soiled with a blotchy, red-brown stain. Zaliek said, ‘That bag is disgusting. What did you steal—a lump of meat?’
Sharma replied smugly, ‘Better than that, commander.’ He reached into the bag and hauled out the head, swinging it by the hair.
Zaliek’s eyes widened. He took a closer look, whistled and said, ‘By Melok, that’s the head of Drunuk.’ He whistled again and looked at Sharma in admiration. ‘That’s their commander. Do you know that?’
Sharma replied in a self-satisfied tone, ‘We thought as much, commander.’
Jina said, ‘Perhaps the Dornites won’t be following us any time soon, commander.’
Zaliek rubbed his chin thoughtfully and said, ‘You haven't just bought us some time. You've bought time for the whole of Kerina. Only the Dornite federal council can appoint a new general. That means that they’ll probably be arguing about who's in charge instead of following up on their victory.’ His face split in a wide, slow grin. ‘And, if I know the Dornites, they won't stop arguing for a few months, until they've made a new appointment.’ Still grinning happily, he snorted and said, ‘The Dornites spend half their time arguing about who’s going to be the commander of their army. The rest of the time, they argue about who’s going to replace him.’
At the time, Jina wondered once again how Zaliek knew so much about the Dornites. It seemed to lend credibility to the theory that he was a Dornite himself even if most people thought that he came from somewhere else. Was Zaliek telling the truth when he said that the Dornites had a particular hatred of him or was that a cover for something else? Cowardice? No, he didn’t think so. Unwilling to fight against his own people? It could be. Jina shrugged the thought away. There were more immediate matters to attend to.
After a few hours they reached the large village that they marched through on the way to the battlefield. Vaxili had gathered the remnant of the army there and was trying to organise a defensive position that incorporated the outer ring of houses into a system of ditches and earth walls. However, the troops were tired and dispirited and not much had been done. As Sharma remarked as they entered the village, an attack by the Dornites during the next few hours would almost certainly force a retreat if in fact it didn't inflict another crushing defeat.
Vaxili himself rode out to meet them. Zaliek halted, saluted, and made a brief report after which Vaxili nodded despondently and said, ‘Get something to eat and drink. You’ll find what you need in the village. Then report to the south-eastern sector.’ He wheeled his horse but Zaliek stopped him, saying, ‘My lord, we have something here that will interest you.’
Vaxili asked wearily, ‘What is it?’ Zaliek nodded to Sharma, who pulled the head from the bag and held it up. Vaxili wrinkled his nose in disgust and asked disdainfully, ‘Are we as savage as the Dornites, that we carry the heads of their enemies around as trophies?’
Zaliek said, ‘Your majesty, it is the head of Drunuk.’
‘Drunuk! Drunuk, you say? Is that so?’ Vaxili’s eyes widened and he leaned forward to take a closer look. He gave a long whistle. ‘Drunuk, eh?’ Vaxili smiled for the first time. ‘Drunuk dead!  That changes things. Oh, yes, that certainly changes things.’ He got down from his horse, planted himself in front of them, and said, ‘Tell me about it.’
When they had told their story, Vaxili took off his helmet, scratched his head vigorously, and grinned in satisfaction. He said, ‘This is a great service to Kerina. You’ve bought time to reorganise.’ Putting his hands on Jina and Sharma’s shoulders, he said, ‘Your service to Kerina will be recognised.’ 
Next day, when they marched into Thania, their squad led the column with Jina and Sharma in the front rank. Sharma held the head of Drunuk aloft on a lance where it bobbed before them as a macabre symbol of success in the midst of defeat.
The inhabitants of Thania lined the road as they approached the town. The mood was grey and sombre. Instead of a victory march, this was the return of a force that had lost more than one-third of its men, many of whom were husbands, relatives and friends of the people of Thania. Also, there was an air of foreboding because the defeat increased the likelihood that the Dornites would sweep into southern Kerina with renewed confidence, wreaking more destruction and conquering more territory.
As they marched through the crowd, a young woman suddenly ran forward. She was dressed in a robe of pastel colours with a golden ringlet on her head. Taller than the average, her elegant figure was enhanced by fastidious grooming and fine fabrics. Running up to Sharma, she draped her scarf around his neck and called out, ‘Sharma has killed Drunuk and Kerina rejoices.’ Dancing in front them, ululating and holding up her hands, she cried, ‘By the stroke of his sword, Sharma has turned defeat into victory.’
Sharma called out, ‘Don’t forget my comrade Jina! We both killed Drunuk.’
The woman called out, ‘Jina is also a hero of Kerina.’ Turning towards him, she asked, ‘Are you the Jina who is Dana’s friend?’ He nodded. The woman gestured to the crowd and called, ‘Join us, Dana. Join us to honour Jina as well.’
Dana ran forward, calling out, ‘Kerina rejoices in Jina and Sharma.’ She kissed Sharma, causing him to break step. Zaliek shouted, ‘No women in the ranks! This is a line of march, not a dancing troupe.’ Then he said more gently, ‘My lady Mecolo, please do not mingle with the troops.’
She laughed and replied, ‘Zaliek, you know that I would never come between you and your duty.’ 
Mecolo! So this was Vaxili’s daughter, Mecolo! Jina and Sharma glanced at each other. Sharma gave Jina a knowing grin and then, looking ahead again, called out, ‘My lady Mecolo, we dedicate this success to you.’
Zaliek shouted, ‘Quiet in the ranks! The next man to speak will face a disciplinary charge.’
As more young women joined Mecolo and Dana, the group danced ahead of them, ululating and calling out, ‘Drunuk is dead. The enemy of Kerina has perished.’ Whirling and swaying, Mecolo began a song:
Sharma of Osicedi, soldier of Kerina,
On a lance he bears Drunuk high. 
Jina of Osicedi, comrade of Sharma,
With his sword he laid Drunuk low. 
Her companions joined in, singing and ululating, while Mecolo whirled ever more swiftly with her arms stretched above her head and with her gown swirling about her, bell-like. The crowd closed in, shouting encouragement and calling out, ‘Sharma! Sharma! Jina! Jina! A thousand like Sharma and Jina, and Kerina is safe.’
Vaxili had been riding just behind their detachment but now he forced his way to the head of the procession and called out tersely, ‘Mecolo, your father greets you.’
Mecolo ran to him and put a hand on his leg. Walking by Vaxili’s side, she said, 'Mecolo and all of Kerina greet the king. We thank Zabrazal that he is safe and well.’
Vaxili frowned, bent down, and said something sharp to Mecolo. She bit her lip, shook her head, and said something in return. Vaxili frowned even more. He gesticulated dismissively at Mecolo’s companions and then at their detachment. Mecolo tossed her head, whirled around, and called to her companions resentfully, ‘We are mere women! The king says, let the soldiers march without the women.’ They ran off and the crowd opened up to give the marching column unobstructed passage into the centre of Thania.
The army assembled in front of the temple and Izebol appeared on the top step, dressed in his full high priestly regalia. Vaxili moved towards him but Izebol waved him away with an abrupt gesture that stopped Vaxili short as if he had been struck in the face. He turned on his heel and stalked down the steps to take up a position in front of the first rank.
Izebol raised his arms and waited for silence. Then he called out, ‘Zabrazal grieves when his people grieve.’ Izebol paused, looked over the assembled company, and then fixed his eyes on Vaxili. He said ringingly, ‘Zabrazal speaks through his priests and Zabrazal speaks through the omens. Zabrazal will walk with you in all your endeavours if you open your ears to the words of the priests and open your eyes to the message of the omens.’ Izebol stood for a while with folded arms and lowered chin, looking out over the army and saying nothing more. There was a deep silence. Then Izebol raised his arms, pronounced a short benediction, and turned on his heels.
As Jina and Sharma walked back to the camp together, Jina observed, ‘Mecolo is too bold.’
‘Oh? You think so?’
‘Already she could mean trouble for us.’
‘Why?’
‘Well, for one thing, Vaxili wasn’t pleased that she neglected him while she favoured us. He won't forget it.’
Sharma grunted dismissively, clapped Jina on the back, and said cheerfully, ‘Jina, my old friend, you worry too much. If you’re not worrying about Zabrazal you’re worrying about Vaxili.’
'Perhaps there's reason to worry.'
Sharma draped an arm around Jina’s shoulders and said confidently, ‘Forget about it, man. We’re nothing in the eyes of gods and kings. To them, we’re just insignificant creatures, not worthy of their attention.’ 

CHAPTER EIGHT: ZABRAZAL MIGHT BE JEALOUS

A day later, Jina met with Dana. Judging by the warmth of her embrace, his share in her affection had reached a new high. She wanted to know all about the battle and in particular about their attack on the Dornite camp. When he finished telling the story, Dana embraced him again, giving him a long kiss that set the lightning playing across his body. He pulled her closer to him but she chuckled and moved away. Eyes shining, she swayed and began to sing the song that Mecolo composed as she danced before the marching column:

Sharma of Osicedi, soldier of Kerina,
On a lance he bears Drunuk high. 
Jina of Osicedi …

Jina put a finger on her lips and said, ‘No more, Dana.’
She removed his finger, kissed it, and asked, ‘Why not? Don’t you like to be praised?’
She looked at him so comically that he had to laugh. Jina said, ‘Oh, for sure, I like praise. Who doesn’t? But I don’t like to tempt fate.’
‘Tempt fate? What on earth do you mean? How are you tempting fate?’
‘Zabrazal is a jealous god.’
 ‘Jina, Jina, do you really think that Zabrazal will be jealous of your achievements?’ Dana took his face in her hands, saw the look in his eyes, and said, ‘Oh, you really do, don’t you?’ She stretched upwards, kissed him, and asked, ‘Can I say that I’m proud of you?’
‘I guess you can.’
Still stretched up against him, Dana said, ‘This is just between the two of us. Is that making too much fuss about it? Will Zabrazal be jealous if I say it just to you?’
‘Zabrazal sees and knows everything.’
'Even the thoughts and words of people like us? What an inquisitive being he is. Then I guess he deserves what he sees and hears.' Dana laughed, took Jina’s hand, and asked, ‘Shall we walk for a while?’
They strolled hand in hand. Then Dana said, ‘I don’t know about Zabrazal being jealous but I do know someone who you have to watch out for.’
‘Who’s that?’
Dana said simply, ‘Vaxili.’
‘Tell me more.’
Dana pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes. ‘Maybe I’m wrong, but—I don’t really know for sure— ‘
‘Come on, Dana, tell me what you know.’
Dana stopped walking, looked him in the eye, and said, ‘Vaxili is angry with Mecolo.’
‘I’m not surprised! Mecolo made a mistake. She should have honoured her father first.’
Dana gave a short laugh, saying, ‘There wasn’t much to celebrate, was there?’
‘Nevertheless—.’ Jina shrugged.
Dana pulled a wry face and said softly, ‘Yes! Nevertheless, Vaxili is her father, and he is the king. Mecolo should have been more prudent.' She added in a low voice, 'Sharma should be careful—and perhaps so should you.’
Jina took her hand and kissed it, murmuring, ‘Thank you. I’ll be careful.’
Dana said, ‘Mecolo still wants to meet Sharma.’
‘Oh, really? It sounds like she'd do better to lie low for a while.’
Dana wrinkled her nose sceptically, saying, ‘Tell that to Mecolo!’
 ‘Damn it, Dana, tell Mecolo to cool it! Tell her to put her head down and to keep it there for a few months.’
Dana gave a short laugh. ‘You don’t know Mecolo like I know her.’
‘Meaning—?’
‘She’s stubborn. She’s just about the most stubborn person that I’ve ever met.’
By Zabrazal, thought Jina, he didn’t like this business involving Sharma and Mecolo. In fact, the more he thought about it the more risky and foolhardy it appeared to be. But when he told Dana that, she replied truculently, ‘I can’t tell Mecolo that. She won’t take “no” for an answer.’
After a few minutes more of argument and discussion, reluctantly Jina agreed to keep his promise by arranging a meeting between Mecolo and Sharma. 
In the meanwhile, the army had to be rebuilt and it had to happen quickly. Kainar took control of the task. Speaking at a parade that was held about one week after the battle of Gandonda, he admitted with unusual frankness that the high command was responsible for the defeat. He also admitted that the army had been completely unprepared for the superiority that the Dornites enjoyed in experience, weapons and equipment. Kainar's speech didn't bring back their dead and captured comrades and it didn't turn defeat into victory, but at least it boosted morale by giving the troops the impression that the same mistakes wouldn't be repeated. 
The fact that Vaxili didn't attend the parade didn’t improve his reputation in the eyes of the men. The general opinion was that Vaxili had sent Kainar to do his work for him because Vaxili lacked the courage to face the army himself. 
Nervously and apprehensively, everyone waited for the Dornites to press home the advantage that they gained after the battle. However, they didn’t do so. It seemed that the death of Drunuk really had given Kerina a breathing space. 
Kainar and his commanders used the time well, buying new armour and equipment and enrolling and training new recruits. In the face of the fresh-faced ignorance of these newcomers, Sharma and Jina felt like veterans. They had survived basic training, they had lived through their first battle and, most importantly, they had come away with honour and fame. In spite of his inclination to lie low in the face of Zabrazal’s censorious scrutiny, Jina allowed himself a hint of a swagger when he passed a squad of new recruits. God, they looked young and green to someone like him, who had been through the storm and had emerged as a hero. He even tried his swagger on his brother, Abozi, who was one of the newcomers. However, Abozi just laughed at him, imitated his mannerisms satirically, and said that one corn cake didn't make a meal. Abozi also said, in his characteristically sardonic manner, 'My dear brother Jina, you're only as good as your next performance. You'd better start thinking about how you're going to live up to your giant-killing reputation. After all, you don’t want to disappoint your admirers.' 
Abozi was young—in fact, he was under-age for a recruit—but he had a sober head on his shoulders. It was good to know that he was around and in fact, although Jina wouldn’t have admitted it, it was even good to be brought down to earth by him from time to time.
About three days after Jina’s conversation with Dana, the meeting between Sharma and Mecolo took place. They decided to meet at the stables because Dana and Mecolo often went there. They had become enthusiastic riders during the last few months, ever since Vaxili acquired horses from Kitilat. As women, they caused a stir not only by riding but also by doing so in men’s leather breeches that fitted tightly at the waist, flared out over the hips—the modestly moral flare, as Dana called it—and then tightened from the knees down to the ankles. 
Dana met Jina and Sharma behind the stables and took them inside where Mecolo was tending to her horse. After making a show of introducing Jina to Mecolo, Dana casually introduced Sharma to her. Sharma took Mecolo’s hand, bowed over it, and said, ‘My lady Mecolo, I have heard a lot about you.’
‘All of it good, he hope?’
‘All of it excellent, my lady. But no one has ever done justice when describing your beauty. Close-up, it is even more striking than when I saw it at a distance.’
Jina cringed inwardly. He never could abide flattery. However, Sharma had no compunction in laying it on like plaster on a brick wall when a woman was involved and when he judged that he would profit by it. To Jina, it was so blatant that it embarrassed him just to see or hear it. However, instead of being repulsed by Sharma's flattery, most women rose to the bait like fish to a garish lure and, in spite of her position, Mecolo wasn’t any different. Looking at him from under lowered eye-lashes, she said, ‘Some people say that beauty is only skin deep.’
At that point, Jina and Dana made their excuses and left them. Outside, Jina said, ‘I’ll never get used to the way that Sharma makes up to women. Never!’
Dana laughed admiringly and replied, ‘He’s a smooth operator, isn’t he? In fact, he’s charming.’
‘Charming? You think so?’
‘Of course! He likes women, he shows it, and he pays attention to them. That's all part of his charm.’ Dana looked at him, laughed, and took his hand, saying, ‘Oh, Jina, don’t be jealous!’
‘Jealous? Me? Ha!’
‘Well, by the look on your face, either you’re jealous or you’ve got a stomach ache.’
Jina grabbed Dana by the waist and lifted her onto the railing of the horse pen. As he released his hold, she began to topple forward. Jina grabbed her again while she laughed uncertainly and steadied herself, gripping the top rail and tucking her feet under the lower rail. Jina took hold of her ankles and asked, ‘Do you still think I’m jealous?’
‘Jina! Careful! I’ll fall!’
He tightened his grip and asked, ‘Jealous, am I?’
Dana wriggled, trying to get a firmer seat. She replied, half in amusement and half in alarm, ‘No, maybe not jealous.’ She reached for his shoulders but he leaned back, still holding her ankles.
‘What, then?’
‘Jina, if you make me fall, I’ll—' She grabbed hold of the railing again.
‘What, then?’
‘I would say that you’re concerned.’ She said the words with a mixture of amusement and desperation.
‘Concerned, am I? Concerned about what?’
‘You’re concerned about him. You’re concerned about your friend’s welfare!’
Jina grasped Dana under her arms and pulled her forward. Holding her against him, he lowered her to the ground as he said, ‘Yes, that’s right. Don’t forget it.’
Dana pulled his head forward, kissed him, and murmured, ‘You know what? You’re charming in your own way.’
That evening, when Jina asked Sharma how he had enjoyed meeting Mecolo, Sharma just shrugged and replied, ‘I’ll be seeing Mecolo again tomorrow.’ His voice was half-smug and half-defiant.
It was the answer that Jina expected but hoped not to hear. He replied, ‘I wouldn’t advise it.’
'You wouldn't, eh? Why not?’
‘Damn it, Sharma, don’t pretend to be so naïve! She’s Vaxili’s daughter!’
‘She’s also beautiful and intelligent.’
‘And she has a slender neck, deep dark eyes, a graceful walk, dimples on her toes, a little round belly button, and—‘
Sharma growled, ‘Are you mocking me, Jina?’
Jina stood his ground, saying ‘No. Any man would find Mecolo attractive.'
'You too, Jina? You also find her attractive?'
 'Yes. Of course I do. But that’s not the point.’
‘What is the point?’
‘Sharma, are you stupid, or obstinate, or what?’
‘None of those!’
‘Well, then, you’d better listen to me and listen well, before you get into this thing so deep that the water rises way above your head. Mecolo is Vaxili’s daughter and he’s not going to be pleased if you start something with her.’
‘You mean that Vaxili thinks that I’m not good enough for her?’
Jina sighed inwardly. God, Sharma could be pig-headed and blinder than the blind when he set his sights on a woman. Jina replied in exasperation, ‘Sharma, let’s stop beating about the bush. To put it plainly, in the eyes of the king, I’m not good enough for Mecolo, you’re not good enough for Mecolo, and just about every man in the whole damn army, not to mention every man in the rest of Kerina, isn't good enough for Mecolo. Don’t take it personally. It’s just the way it is.'
Sharma’s eyes narrowed. He put his chin forward and said, ‘Mecolo seems to think I’m good enough.’
‘Oh, congratulations, Sharma! You’ve charmed the king’s daughter and now you think that means that you’ll charm the king as well.’
‘You’re just jealous!’
One accusation in a day was enough, twice was too much. Jina felt like beating something with sheer frustration. Sharma, the brick wall, the ground under his feet—just about anything would do. Predictably, the conversation ended without conclusion. Jina knew Sharma well enough to see that he wasn’t going to take advice on this matter, no matter how hard he pressed him. Sharma and women! How could someone as cool-headed and resourceful as Sharma become so short-sighted and pig-headed when he set his sights on a woman? In all the years that he had known Sharma, thought Jina, he had never found a satisfactory answer to that question. 
Later, he asked himself if Sharma was playing a deeper game than the one that men and women always played. Did Sharma think that he could kill two birds with one stone? Did he think that he could land the fish safely, and net Vaxili’s goodwill as well? Did he think that he could play for big stakes against heavy odds and win the grand prize? Yes, it looked like he did. But how did he think he was going to do it? Jina shook his head and tried to stop worrying about the matter. After all, it was Sharma’s business and his alone. He would suffer the consequences or reap the rewards, not him. At least, that is what Jina told himself. But he couldn’t shake off the heavy sense of foreboding.
Five days later, Dana told him that she would be going away for about a week. Vaxili’s mother would be celebrating her sixtieth birthday and Vaxili was sending Mecolo and his two younger sons to attend the occasion. Dana had been selected to accompany Mecolo as her personal attendant.
Jina said, ‘I didn't know that you were one of Mecolo’s attendants.’
Dana said with affected nonchalance, ‘Officially, I’m not one of Mecolo's attendants but she's selected me for this occasion.’ Dana couldn't hide the note of satisfaction in her voice.
‘Selected for services rendered?’
Dana’s eyes flashed. She put up a finger and said, ‘Watch your words, Jina! You think I’m not suitable to be an attendant, don’t you?’ Dana put her hands on her hips and thrust the words at him. ‘You think just because my father is a cook— ‘
‘That’s not what I meant!’
‘What did you mean, then?’
Jina took Dana's hand and said, ‘I don’t want you to go. I’m going to miss you, Dana.’
Dana softened. She said, ‘I’ll miss you too. But this is a big opportunity for me. It could result in a permanent appointment.’
‘I know that, Dana. I’m happy for you. But I’m not happy for myself.’
‘I'll only be away for a week, Jina.’ She kissed him on his cheek and whispered, 'I'll make up for lost time when I get back—you'll see.'
The party left early next morning. Because their destination was near the Great River, at a place where the river was at the apex of its wide sweep westwards, the journey would only take them a day. It would be a long day but they planned reach their destination before nightfall.
As fate would have it, they didn’t reach their destination at all. The first that Jina knew about it was when Vaxili's adjutant woke them just after midnight. He shook them urgently, shouting, ‘Sharma and Jina! Out of bed! Get dressed!’
They fumbled around for flints and candles amidst yawns and complaints from all around them. The adjutant roared at their companions, ‘Shut your mouths or I'll put the whole lot of you on a charge for disrespect.' To Jina and Sharma, he said, 'I want the two of you on the parade ground in less than ten minutes. Take light packs and your swords. Get moving!’
About thirty men from various units assembled on the parade ground, stamping and shivering in the chilly night air. The adjutant called them to attention, counted them, stood them at ease, and said, ‘You’ve been selected for a special assignment. An Usserdite raiding party captured Princess Mecolo, her brothers, and the rest of the party. You will rescue them.’
Jina and Sharma looked at each other. They could hardly make out each other's faces in the dim light but each knew what the other was thinking.
Someone asked, ‘Where did this happen, commander?’
‘West of Erlata, on the road to the Great River. Any more questions?’
‘Won't they be over the river in Usserdite territory by now, commander?’
‘Perhaps they will be, perhaps they won’t be. Probably not, because they'll be slowed down by captives and baggage. But wherever they are, this side of the river or on the other side, you will find them and you will bring our people back safely. You will also bring back as many prisoners as possible. Is that clear?’
‘Commander—?‘
‘No more questions!’ The adjutant peered at the squad and asked, ‘Where is Sharma?’
‘Here, commander!’ Sharma stepped forward.
‘Good! You will command the unit. Do you understand what you have to do?’
‘Yes, commander.’
‘Any questions?’
‘No, commander.’
The adjutant peered at them again and barked, ‘Where is Jina?’
‘Here, commander.’
‘You will act as deputy commander of the expedition. Is that clear?’
‘Yes, commander!’ Jina tried to keep his voice calm but his pulse began to race at the realisation that he had just received his first promotion, even if it was only a temporary one.
The adjutant said, ‘You will move immediately. Leave your packs here for the logistics unit to pick up. They will follow you.’ He saluted Sharma and said, ‘Take over, acting commander.’
Sharma stepped forward, saluted, and shouted an order. With swords secured across their backs, the unit set off at a quick trot. After an hour and a half, they took a short break at a village. Just under three hours later, as the sun was rising, they reached Erlata. It was a medium-sized village with the main track, the one that they were following, running straight through it from east to west. The village elders told them that the attack took place about half an hour’s travel to the west at a place where the country became more broken and rugged before the escarpment tumbled down to the Great River. 
In Erlata they found someone who had witnessed the incident. He said that it happened where the track narrowed to pass between rocky hillocks in the sort of broken countryside that was common on the rim of the escarpment. The man said that he came around a corner in the track, saw the start of the attack, and concealed himself where he could watch without being seen. He said that there were about twenty Usserdites. The bandits killed all of the soldiers and some of the servants and took the rest of the party captive. As far as he could tell, about five of the bandits were killed during the attack.
Sharma asked, ‘Were any of them mounted?’
‘I saw some donkeys carrying packs but I didn’t see any horses.’
Sharma nodded in satisfaction and said, 'That means that they won't be moving quickly. We can catch them before nightfall.'
One of the elders said dourly, ‘You'd better do a good job. If they get the captives back to Usserd, they’ll be sold as slaves.’ 
Another elder said, equally dourly, ‘If the women are young enough, their chiefs use them in their harems to breed men for their bodyguards.’
Once again, Jina and Sharma exchanged glances. Once again, each knew what the other was thinking.
They pressed on at a fast pace and, after about thirty minutes, reached the site of the attack where they found that the bodies were still lying next to the road. Their faces were bloody and disfigured as if a drunken butcher had hacked at them. This was an Usserdite trademark: they cut out their enemies’ tongues and ears as offerings to their gods.
Sharma ordered the men to give the bodies a provisional burial while he scouted around. After ten minutes, he came back and said, ‘They’ve taken their dead with them. That will also slow them down.’ 
Jina asked, ‘Any sign of horses?’
Sharma shook his head. ‘No, I can only find donkey tracks.’ He hitched up his sword and said tersely, ‘We should catch up with them before sunset. Let's get moving.’ Sharma pointed south-west to a break in the jumble of rocks where a path snaked up the slope towards a ridge. ‘They’re travelling across country, away from the regular trails. With the donkeys carrying loads and with wounded men, they won’t be moving fast.’ Sharma hitched his sword over his back and asked, ‘Any questions?’
Someone asked, ‘Do we kill them or do we capture them alive.’
‘You heard what the adjutant said. Kill anyone who offers resistance but try to take as many as possible alive.’
Someone said heatedly, ‘We should eliminate every one of them.’
Sharma’s eyes flashed when he replied, ‘We will obey our orders. But, if it helps to know why we’ve been ordered to take prisoners, remember that Kerina has a peace treaty with the Usserdite confederation. King Vaxili wants to show good faith by letting their own people deal with them.’ Sharma jerked a thumb towards the ridge. ‘That’s enough talking. We can bother about killing or capturing once we’ve caught up with them. Let’s go.’
During early evening the advance scout reported that they had caught up with the raiders and Jina and Sharma went forward to reconnoitre. They crept up to the bushes that lined the top of a slope from which they could look down onto the river bank and watch the bandits moving about, lighting fires and laying out bedding rolls. Sharma touched Jina’s shoulder and muttered, ‘There they are—next to the donkeys.’
Jina grunted in acknowledgement. He had also seen them. There were eight captives in all—Dana, Mecolo, Mecolo’s two brothers, their attendants, and two servants. They were lashed to trees and looked dirty, scared, and uncomfortable but, thank Zabrazal, they all appeared to be unharmed. As he looked at the small form of Dana, lashed against a tree, trussed up like a bag of someone’s possessions, Jina’s anger rose so high that it almost choked him. He wanted to rush down there, hack his way past anything that stood in his way, and take her in his arms. He wanted to feel her fear ebbing away while he whispered to her that, while he was alive, nothing would ever harm her again. However, Jina fought down the feeling, reminding himself of Zaliek’s words: 'Forget about revenge. Forget about resentment. They get in the way of clear thinking.' Sure, he would observe those dictums. But that wouldn’t protect any Usserdite who stood in his way, once they swung into action.   
After a few minutes, Sharma muttered, ‘We’ve seen enough. Let’s move back.’
They slid back down the slope and rolled into the shelter of a small ravine. Sharma asked quietly, ‘How many of them?’
‘I saw fourteen Usserdites.’
Sharma nodded. ‘Good. We agree. But some of them could have been out of sight by the river. Let’s say sixteen or seventeen at most.’ Sharma looked at him keenly. ‘What are our options?’
Jina said, ‘We could wait for about three hours until they’re asleep and then we could take them.’
Sharma shook his head. ‘There's no moon tonight. If we attack in the dark, we’ll be as confused as they are. What's more, some of them will escape, for sure.’
‘What do you suggest, then?’
Sharma tugged at an ear and replied, ‘I think that we should wait until just before sunrise. We'll put five men on the other side of the river to deal with any of them who might get away. The rest of us should be able to handle them if we take them by surprise. You agree?’
Jina nodded, trying to show composure. But the fact was that he was annoyed, not only because Sharma had trumped his plan but also because he was correct. Also, Jina was annoyed at himself. He had to admit that his eagerness to rescue Dana as soon as possible had overcome his cooler reason. Damn it, he thought, get a grip on yourself. You’re a soldier, not a schoolboy. Jina swallowed his pride and nodded again in agreement.
The plan worked almost perfectly. As instructed by Sharma, some members of their party took up positions across the river and at first light both groups launched their attack on the camp. On the way in, they encountered only one guard, but he was asleep against a rock. Jina dealt with him with a sword thrust and within a few seconds they were within the encampment. By Zabrazal, thought Jina, they were a slovenly and negligent lot! The raiders were lying around in disorder amidst wine jugs and the remains of their meal, surrounded by a jumble of equipment. Didn’t they think that they would be followed? Didn’t they even know how to set up a proper camp? Of course, they were only bandits, not soldiers. Jina thought that it felt good to be a soldier, disciplined and orderly, when you came across scenes such as this one. 
They went about their business so quietly and with such commitment that eight of the bandits were dead before anyone noticed. By then it was too late to offer resistance. The remaining Usserdites had swords at their throats. 
Jina turned his attention to releasing the captives and stopped abruptly. One of the Usserdites had been on guard duty and must have been alerted by the noise from the camp. Sizing up the situation, the bandit grabbed the nearest captive, slicing through the rope that bound her to the tree. He hauled her to her feet, backed behind her, and put a knife to her throat. Then he called out, ‘Let my comrades go or I'll cut her throat.’
He was holding Dana. With her head pulled back and the knife at her throat, she squinted at Jina in confused terror. Jina moved forward but the man jerked Dana’s head further backwards and shouted, ‘One more step and she’ll be dead.’
There was an impasse for just a moment. Then Sharma and one of Jina’s comrades appeared behind the man, about ten paces from him. Sharma said, ‘If you kill her, we’ll kill you for certain. Give yourself up now and save your life.’
The Usserdite looked around, looked back at Jina, and then cut Dana’s throat. Perhaps he thought that he could escape if he caused a diversion, perhaps he had a death wish—who knew? 
Jina rushed forward to Dana while Sharma cut the Usserdite down. Dana was lying face down. Jina turned her over. She was dead with her throat gashed and still with the look of terror on her face. Jina held Dana to him and wept while her blood oozed over his chest, over his stomach, and over his belt. That was the first blood-stain on the belt. Unfortunately it wasn’t the last.

CHAPTER NINE: COMRADES

That was the last time that Jina ever cried. Looking back on the incident, he knew that he had betrayed his professional calling. By allowing himself the indulgence of weeping over Dana, he had disabled himself and he had diverted his comrades’ attention. Later, still flushed with shame, he remembered again what they had learned during basic training, where Zaliek drummed it into them that they should bury emotions such as grief, anger, vengefulness, and personal ambition. Zaliek taught them that these emotions distract a soldier from his task and weaken his comrades’ resolve. Jina never again forgot Zaliek’s teaching. 
It was also the last time that Jina allowed himself to get close to a woman. At the time, he convinced himself that a relationship with a woman prevented him from focusing on his task as a soldier. But, looking back on it down the years, he had to admit that he never again wanted to tempt fate by offering it a target through which it could strike at him. Fate? Was it fate or was it Zabrazal, settling with him by wiping a batch of minuses off his scorecard all in one great scoop? Jina didn't know—but if it was Zabrazal, then in future Zabrazal could settle with him directly and not through other parties.
Of course, in the intensity of his grief he forgot that there were other targets at which Zabrazal could strike to discomfort him, if that was his intention. For instance, there were his parents and there was his brother, Abozi. Even Sharma could have been a target. 
While Jina succumbed to a bout of unsoldierly weeping over Dana’s dead body, Sharma and the rest of their comrades secured the Usserdites and released the captives. Mecolo’s eyes sparkled with pleasure when she saw Sharma and she held out her arms to him. But in a moment she recalled where she was and who she was, dropped her arms, and said formally, ‘I thank you all for your bravery. I thank you on behalf of everyone here.’ Mecolo wept when she kneeled next to Dana's dead body and she wept again when she offered Jina her condolences. However, within a few minutes she composed herself and began to discuss the situation with Sharma. That gave Jina the time to get a hold of his emotions, dry his eyes, and walk over to join them. As deputy commander of the expedition, he had his duties to attend to.
Sharma said, ‘I’ve told lady Mecolo that we have to move right now.’ He jerked his thumb towards the western bank of the river, saying tersely, ‘We don’t know what might come at us from over there.’ 
Mecolo pointed to the captives who were standing linked by a rope with their hands bound behind their backs. She asked, ‘What about them?’
Sharma replied, ‘Our orders are to take as many prisoners as possible and to deliver them safely to Thania.’
Mecolo’s mouth tightened and her eyes went hard. She said, 'They’ll only delay us. We should hang them now.’
‘Of course they deserve to be hung, my lady. Probably they will be hung. But that's not our decision. We have been ordered to take them to Thania, and that’s what we will do.’
‘And what if I order you to hang them now?’
Sharma said steadily, ‘My lady, our orders come from your father, the king.’
Mecolo said in a hard-edged voice, ‘That’s a pity! They deserve to be hung for what they did, not to mention for what they would have done with us.’ Mecolo walked over to the nearest prisoner, spat in his face, and said, ‘Pha! My father will deal with you. You’ll learn what it means to interfere with the daughter of Vaxili of Kerina.’ She pointed two fingers close to the man’s face as if she was going to poke out his eyes. When the man winced and averted his face, Mecolo gave a short laugh and said, ‘If it was up to me, you wouldn't leave this place alive.’ She spat at him again and walked away.
As the squad approached Thania, a crowd met them and accompanied them home with singing and ululation. After the disaster of Gandonda, the people of Kerina welcomed any and every cause for celebration, no matter how insignificant. In the midst of the jubilation, no one took any notice of the dead bodies that were draped over the donkeys that trudged in their wake. Only family members and friends mourned the dead and they were a small minority amongst the people who thronged around them, singing their praises and assailing the prisoners with curses, blows, and threats. Kerina needed a military victory and if the real thing wasn’t available, then these miserable bandits, bound for death in Kerina or Usserd, would have to do instead.
Mecolo had the good sense not to lead the celebration. In fact, she had been subdued ever since the rescue. Probably, thought Jina, her close contact with danger and terror had sobered her spirit, for the moment, at least. During the journey, she only brightened up on the occasions when Sharma walked next to her holding her donkey’s bridle and conversing with her in a low voice. After the first occasion, Jina took Sharma aside and warned him to stay away from Mecolo because their feelings for each other were so plain to see when they were together. However, Sharma just grunted in annoyance and replied, ‘She’s the king’s daughter and I’m the commander of this unit. Do you expect me to ignore her?’ 
In Thania, Vaxili, his commanders, and Izebol received the party in front of the temple. Izebol blessed them, made a short speech of welcome, pronounced the benediction, and then disappeared into the temple. Vaxili congratulated them, paying tribute to their courage and initiative. Then he dismissed the parade and came down from the platform with his arm around Mecolo. He said to Jina and Sharma, ‘You have done both Kerina and me a great service.’
Sharma replied, ‘It is our duty, your majesty.’
Vaxili looked at them speculatively and asked, ‘Sharma and Jina, eh? First you were the scourge of the Dornites and now it’s the turn of the Usserdites.’
Jina replied, ‘Your majesty, we are at the service of Kerina and the king.’
Vaxili's eyes narrowed as he asked them, 'You're both from Osicedi, eh?'
'Yes, your majesty.'
Vaxili frowned, saying, 'Hmm! Who would have thought that even the north would render me good service?' It was a strange remark, one that Jina forgot within a few seconds and only understood a few months later. Still looking at them closely as if he wanted to imprint their features on his memory, Vaxili said, ‘You will expect to be rewarded for your services, no doubt?’
Jina and Sharma exchanged puzzled glances before Sharma replied, 'Your majesty, we have only done our duty, as soldiers should. That is reward enough.'
There was an awkward silence before Mecolo broke the tension by moving forward quickly and embracing Jina. She said, ‘I thank you on behalf of my father and on behalf of Kerina. I also thank you on my own behalf.’ Then, still holding Jina’s hands, she said, ‘We will not forget Dana. She was my good friend and I loved her dearly.’ Mecolo embraced Sharma next, lingering just enough to whisper something to him. Sharma’s face brightened for a few seconds before he straightened his features.
Jina sneaked a look at Vaxili, who was looking at Mecolo and Sharma darkly. As Vaxili watched Mecolo whispering to Sharma, Vaxili shook his head slightly as if relegating the impression to the deep reaches of his memory. Then Vaxili straightened, snapped his fingers as if recalling himself to duty, pointed to the prisoners, and asked Sharma, ‘How many of them did you kill?’
‘Ten, your majesty.’
‘Was that necessary? Couldn’t you have taken more prisoners?’
‘Your majesty, we did what the situation called for.’
Vaxili asked tersely, 'But ten? Surely you could have killed fewer of them?'
'Your majesty, we obeyed orders in every respect.'
Vaxili stroked his chin and looked from them to the prisoners and then back again. He gave a sceptical nod and said, ‘No matter. We have enough prisoners, whether we want to bargain with them or make an example of them.’ He nodded brusquely and turned on his heel.
During the weeks that followed, Sharma and Mecolo saw a lot of each other. Although they tried to be discreet, it was impossible for the king’s daughter to conceal a relationship like this one. First they met at the stables where Mecolo pretended to be showing Sharma how to care for a horse. When that attracted a crowd of gawkers, they tried to meet out in the countryside. Mecolo went for a ride on her favourite horse while Sharma pretended to be going on a cross-country run. Their plan didn’t succeed because, by order of her father, Mecolo always had to be accompanied by at least one lady-in-waiting and two bodyguards. Although she managed to out-distance her entourage, she and Sharma hardly had time to begin a conversation before the first guard appeared, cursing and bumping on his mount and complaining that he would have to report Mecolo to her father. 
Next, Sharma and Mecolo gave up their attempts to meet during the daytime and began to meet under cover of darkness. Although this wasn’t difficult for Sharma because he could slip in and out of the camp easily, it was more difficult for Mecolo to get away without being noticed. The palace was no more than a small compound that had been formed by putting a wall around three of the more comfortable houses in the town, and security was tight all over the complex. Mecolo devised the stratagem of disguising herself as a serving-woman and told Sharma that in this guise she was able to come and go without being observed. In Jina’s opinion, this was merely self-deception, especially when he remembered the threatening look on Vaxili's face and knew that Mecolo would be watched day and night. This, thought Jina darkly, was a hazardous and foolish business. But when he said this, Sharma’s eyelid twitched, the flecks in his eyes glowed and he poked his finger at Jina while asking belligerently, ‘What business is it of yours?’ However, in spite of his anger, Sharma had a half-defiant, half-troubled look as if he wasn’t as certain about things as he liked to sound.
Jina replied steadily, ‘All right, since you ask, I’ll tell you. Firstly, we’re age mates and comrades. Do you think that you live only for yourself? Do you think that you’re Sharma the lone agent, making your way in splendid isolation?’
‘What I do in private— ‘
‘Let me finish! I’m saying that what you do affects me and others, whether you like it or not. Secondly, Sharma, you have the ability to climb to the high places. You've already had your first command even if it was only temporary. Where could you be in five or ten years' time? Stop and think, man! You have the ability to go places where a lot of people can’t. Consider other people and consider your future!’ Sharma put up a hand to stop him but Jina brushed him aside, saying, ‘Oh, sure, what does it matter what your age mate and comrade, good old Jina, thinks about you, eh? But have a care for Kerina and for what you can do for the nation. I don’t want to see that wasted.’
Sharma bit his lip. He took a deep breath, exhaled, and said, ‘I’ll think about it.’
Jina said, ‘Yes, you do that.’
Vaxili honoured his promise to reward them for their services. Within a week, Jina and Sharma were promoted to deputy commanders. However, typically, while Vaxili gave with one hand he took away with the other. Their unit was ordered to an isolated spot on the eastern escarpment near to where the battle of Gandonda took place. In future, Deputy Commander Sharma and Princess Mecolo would not be able to meet each other so easily, if at all.
However, the move didn’t matter to Jina. With Dana gone, there was a chasm in his soul and a hard resolve in his mind. He loved his family and, yes, he loved Sharma. They were the only personal relationships that claimed his affections and that was because they already had places there when Dana was destroyed. For the rest, he would live and die for the cause of Kerina; no new relationships would have a claim on his affections.

CHAPTER TEN: A WORTHY INSTRUMENT

Gandonda occupied a strategic position on Kerina’s south-eastern flank, sited as it was on the last range of hills before the escarpment sloped away to the coastal plane. Traffic from the coast had to funnel through the pass at Gandonda to reach the highland plains that lay beyond, stretching westwards towards the Great River and northwards towards Thania. More importantly, from Gandonda the roads fanned out towards the rich wheat fields, mines, and forests of the distant countries to the south-west of Kerina.
Jina and Sharma’s unit was based to the north of Gandonda in a position that overlooked both the coastal plain and the approach to the pass. From their vantage point, the walls and buildings of the Dornite city of Asjolorm were clearly visible, glinting on the plain about a half-day’s journey away. Three of the Dornite coastal cities were visible as well, appearing as light-coloured smudges against the green of the plain, backed up by the turquoise, white-flecked expanse of the Endless Ocean.
One afternoon, about a week after their arrival at the base, Jina and Sharma walked to a rocky promontory that thrust out above the plain like the prow of a ship. One of the things that they shared was a fondness for high places. Jina thought that they were both seduced by the almost disembodied experience of looking out from a high place. There you seemed to be floating while at the same time the features around you—the hills and crags to left and right, the plain spreading below, the clouds above and all around—were clean and sharply defined in the fine air. Yes, thought Jina, they were both as seduced by high places as they were by the dream of the kingdom—and the kingdom, too, was a high place, and even more seductive than ridges, crags, and elevated views over hills and plains.
Sharma wrapped his arms around his legs and, with his chin on his knees, said reflectively, ‘Do you remember a place like this when we were boys?’ Jina nodded. Sharma gave a slow smile and pointed to the plain below. ‘You said that our flocks had as much chance of grazing down there as we had of grazing on the moon.’
‘Nothing has changed.’
‘Nothing at all?’
‘Not that I can see. The Dornites are still down there and we are still up here. The Dornites are still harassing us, treating Kerina like their private possession, and we’re still struggling to defend ourselves.’
Sharma grunted thoughtfully. ‘There’s something else that hasn’t changed as well.’
‘What’s that?’
‘The prophecy.’
‘The one about Kerina being free when land and people reach the sea? That one?’
Sharma laid back, hands behind his head, sucking on a stalk of grass. Jina did the same. After a while, Sharma said, ‘It’s either us or them. Since the Battle of Gandonda, I see it more clearly than ever before. There can’t be any compromise. The weaker the Dornites are, the stronger we’ll be. It’s a matter of us or them, plain and simple.’
Jina grunted his agreement. More than ever, he felt as if there was a current running underneath his daily existence: a current that ran ever stronger and straighter towards the goal of subduing the Dornites and exalting the Kingdom of Kerina. It was a current to which he willingly submitted, seeking to perfect himself as an instrument that was worthy of the task.  
 Sharma rubbed his chin and said, ‘We shouldn’t wait for the Dornites to come at us; attack is the best form of defence.’
‘Meaning—?’
Sharma leaned forward and pointed across the plain. He said thoughtfully, ‘You see that city down there? We could attack it easily.’
‘Attack Asjolorm! Are you crazy?’
 ‘That’s it! Don’t you see? You think it’s crazy to attack Asjolorm. Everyone in our unit probably thinks it’s crazy. In fact, our whole army, including Vaxili, probably thinks it’s crazy.’
‘So —?’
Sharma asked easily, ‘What do you think the Dornites down there in Asjolorm think about us attacking them?’
‘They probably don’t think about it at all.’
‘Why not?’
‘You know the answers. Firstly, they’ve got control of the whole coastal plain. Nobody threatens them down there. Secondly, down on the plain they can fight in the best possible conditions for their forces. Thirdly, they know that we hardly have enough men to defend our own borders. How can we commit forces to fighting in their territory as well?’
‘True enough! So you reckon that the Dornites wouldn’t give a thought to the possibility of us attacking them?’ Sharma gave Jina a look that was almost self-satisfied, as if he was going to produce a trump card.
‘If they did think about it, it would seem so crazy that they would just laugh at the idea.’
Sharma lay back, pulled out a stalk of grass, and sucked at the juice. With his eyes closed and his face to the sun, he said, ‘Exactly!’
 ‘Ah! So if everyone thinks it’s crazy …?’
‘Exactly!’
Jina rolled over and straddled Sharma’s chest, pinning his arms to the ground. ‘I swear if you say “exactly” again, I’ll throw you over the ridge, right into Dornite territory.’
Sharma lay there grinning easily. He asked, ‘You think you’ve got me pinned down, eh?’
Jina grinned back at him, bore his weight down against Sharma’s chest, and said, ‘For sure!’ He leaned forward, pinning Sharma’s arms more firmly against the ground. Sharma just sucked at the stalk of grass and chuckled. Jina said, ‘No more “exactly” —all right?’
Suddenly, Sharma lifted his body at the waist and moved it sideways. Trapping one of Jina’s legs under his body, he rolled over. In an instant, their positions were reversed. Sharma chuckled and said, ‘All right, no more “exactly”. You’ve convinced me.’ He rolled off Jina and lay on his back with his arms under his head. Then he said quietly, ‘I got you when you weren’t expecting it, didn’t I? Do you still think I’m crazy?’
Sharma and Jina discussed an attack on Asjolorm with their unit commander, who liked the idea and passed it on to headquarters. To their surprise, the plan was approved. Later, they heard that although Vaxili disapproved of the idea at first, Kainar persuaded him that it was viable. 
Kainar arrived at their base to take personal charge of the attack. It was the first time that Jina was able to get a close look at him and it confirmed his impression that Kainar had the squarest face he ever saw. It was square from his jaw, which looked as if it had been planed on a brick, to his jowls, forehead, and flat-lying ears. Even his nose, asymmetrically off-centre, had been partially squared off. It looked as if it had been flattened in a fight. However, even if Kainar hadn’t have been a general you wouldn’t have dared to ask someone with Kainar’s solid build and stolid countenance about how his nose got to be that shape. 
The fact was, Kainar got his fighting experience in skirmishes against Usserdite raiders on the south-western border where he gained a reputation as a tough and innovative leader. He had no other military experience, in the formal sense. But, then, nor did anyone else. Everyone in the Army of Kerina was learning on the job. When Jina sat back and thought about the matter, it scared him to realise that no one in the whole army, generals included, had any experience of fighting in, or managing, an army. Usually it scared him so much that he tried to put the thought out of his mind as quickly as possible.
Kainar might not have had a lot of formal military experience but he did know how to devise and execute a plan. Within a day of his arrival, he had finalised the strategy for the attack. The first objective was to cut communications between the city and the Dornite garrison that was based halfway between Gandonda pass and Asjolorm by silencing two guard posts on the highway between the two. If that move succeeded, then the garrison wouldn’t know about the attack until long after the attacking party had finished its business and made its escape. 
Besides the unit that would attack the guard posts, there were two other parties. One would set fire to the houses while the other would handle the fugitives at the gates. The plan was to kill as many people as possible until the detachment began to meet resistance. At that point the men would withdraw, retreating along the same paths that they used on the approach.
When Kainar finished his presentation, there was a grumble of dissent. Someone said, ‘General, your plan means that we will be attacking civilians.’
‘Yes, that is so. Do you have any objection?’
‘General, we are soldiers, not bandits. We should be attacking enemy soldiers, not civilians.’
Kainar straightened and silenced the man with a gesture. He barked, ‘Soldiers, eh? Well, if you’re soldiers, you’ll know that the first thing you’re trained to do is obey orders. Not so?’
‘But general— ‘
‘But nothing! Listen, soldier, you can leave now if you don’t want to be part of the attacking force. There are plenty of men who will take your place. Well, what do you say?’
The speaker dropped his eyes and shook his head. Kainar put his jaw forward, looked around the squad, and barked, ‘Any other objections?’
Sharma was brave enough, or foolish enough, to get to his feet. Kainar turned his attention to him: ‘You have an objection?’
‘No, general, not an objection, but— ‘
‘What, then?’
‘General, you must understand that we haven’t made war on civilians before. It’s a new thing for us.’ 
‘I understand that. But you’re soldiers and you'd better get used to it. The Dornites don’t make distinctions between soldiers and civilians, do they?’ Kainar jabbed his finger at Sharma. ‘What’s your name, soldier? Don’t I know you?’
‘My name is Sharma, general.’
‘Sharma, eh? Sharma the famous slayer of Drunuk? The same Sharma?’
‘Yes, general, that’s me.’
Kainar waggled a finger thoughtfully. ‘Didn’t I hear something about an incident involving you and some Dornite bandits when you were a boy?’
‘Yes, general, my comrade, Jina, and I defended our flocks against three Dornite raiders.’
‘Defended?’ Kainar gave a short chuckle. ‘You tracked them down and killed them one by one, didn’t you?’
‘Yes, general.’
‘Were they soldiers or civilians?’
‘They were bandits, general.’
‘Yes. They were bandits—civilian bandits. And, if I remember correctly, after that some Dornites attacked your town. Is that correct?’
‘Yes, general.’
‘Did they only attack soldiers in your town?’
‘No, general. There were no troops in Osicedi.’
'And your brother was killed, wasn't he?'
'Yes, general, he was.'
'And was he a soldier?'
'No, general, he wasn't.'
Kainar grunted, turned, and began to pace in front of them, hands behind his back and head down. Then he wheeled around, snapped his fingers, and said, ‘There you have it, eh? The Dornites don’t distinguish between soldiers and civilians. Nor will we.’ He jabbed a finger at them. ‘Understand one thing and understand it well. We will not make war on civilians because we like it. We will do so because it weakens the support base and morale of their soldiers. If we do that, we weaken their military effort. If we destroy their towns, we weaken their military effort. If the soldiers worry about the safety of their families, they give less attention to military matters.’ Kainar wagged his finger at them and barked, ‘If you can’t accept it then you shouldn’t be a soldier in this army.’ Chin forward, standing with legs planted apart, Kainar said, 'Get this into your heads, and don't ever forget it: anything that weakens the Dornites—' He wagged his finger at them again: ‘—anything at all, no matter what it is—anything that weakens the Dornites is good for Kerina. Do you understand?'
The squad roared back at him, 'Yes, general!'
Kainar was thorough, leaving nothing to chance. He took the squad members through the phases of the attack so often that they could almost have recited the plan backwards. In essence, it was a simple strategy in which every man knew what to do, how to do it, and when to break off doing it. 
On the night of the attack, by the light of the half-moon the main party, consisting of fifty men, approached the town along back paths. Kainar’s thoroughness showed in the way in which he mapped the route beforehand, sending scouts to reconnoitre the path as far as the river and then relying on knowledge gained from maps for details of the routes from the river to the city. With the outline of the route firmly etched in their minds and with enough light to see by, they had no trouble reaching the city without being observed. Twenty men under Sharma's command approached the eastern side of the town, carrying ladders and fire-pots, while Jina was in charge of the unit that was deployed outside the main gate.
Surprisingly, there were no guards on the walls. The Dornites must have been so confident of their superiority that they thought that they could sleep safely in their beds. As a result Sharma and his men were able to select their targets at will. Within a few minutes about twenty roofs were aflame. Having accomplished their task, they withdrew to guard the smaller gates.
It was the dry season and the flames spread quickly. The squad members could only judge what was happening within the walls by the spreading glow and by the growing hullabaloo. After about five minutes, the gate opened and a group of young men appeared carrying buckets, obviously hoping to douse the flames with the pathetically small amounts of water that they could carry from the river. The squad members cut them down and dragged the bodies out of sight.
There was so much confusion that no one inside the walls noticed the disappearance of the men. Soon the next people appeared, comprising a family party consisting of a man, a woman, and four children. They killed them as well. Even as the bodies were being dragged out of sight, there was a surge of people through the gate. The squad members hacked and thrust at them indiscriminately. It was butchery, pure and simple. In the confusion, amidst the crackle of the flames, the roar of collapsing buildings, the shouts and screams, and in the flickering light, only the fugitives on the outskirts of the crowd knew what was happening. They pressed inwards to avoid their onslaught while trying to defend themselves with whatever they were carrying—buckets, bundles, household implements, or anything else. Their press, together with the growing rush through the gate, added to the congestion and soon people were being trampled underfoot or crushed against the wall.
It was a sickening slaughter in which the soldiers thrust, cut, and hacked at human flesh almost without opposition. People screamed, doubled over, reeled, and staggered. They went down underfoot, the crowd pressed forward all around them, and the slaughter continued. The soldiers were working at such close quarters that they stopped using swords and went to work with daggers. Their victims slumped against them, screaming and gurgling, and had to be shoved away so that they could thrust at the next target. 
After less than ten minutes, Jina ordered his bugler to signal the end of the engagement. If anyone had questioned his judgement, he would have said truthfully that, in the confusion and amongst the massing throng, he had lost contact with most of his men and thought it best to withdraw before they were overcome by the sheer press of bodies. However, the truth was that he was more than heartily sick of the bloody, one-sided massacre. Asjolorm was being thoroughly, completely destroyed by raging fire and the deaths of a few more civilians wouldn't contribute anything more to the extent of their victory.
One of Jina’s comrades confronted him as they were withdrawing. The blood-lust was upon him—his face was flushed, his cheeks were smeared with blood, his eyes were wild, and he was waving a dagger. He screamed at Jina, ‘Why are we withdrawing? We haven’t finished here.’
Jina said coldly, ‘It’s getting too dangerous. It’s time to leave.’
His comrade grabbed Jina by the front of his jerkin, waved his dagger in front of his eyes and yelled, ‘We have them, man, we have them! We have the Dornites where we want them! This is not the time to stop!’
Jina didn’t want to hang around arguing. Their comrades had withdrawn and they were already isolated. He shouted, ‘I’m in charge here and I say that it’s time to withdraw.’ Jina seized his comrade by the shoulder and as he turned in surprise, he smacked him across his cheek. As the other’s jaw dropped, Jina hauled him around and sent him stumbling with a shove between his shoulder blades. Jina shouted, ‘Get going, damn you, or I’ll make you move.’
As they jogged down the path side by side, Jina said, ‘Consider yourself lucky that I don’t put you on a charge.’ His comrade looked at him sullenly, his eyes smouldering. Jina added, ‘I know how you feel about Dornites. I know how everyone feels. But you’re a soldier. Remember that and forget about everything else.’ Jina’s comrade gave him a resentful half-nod and dropped his eyes.
The attack was Jina’s first taste of command. He liked the experience even if he couldn't easily forget how, abattoir-like, they massacred unarmed and terrified people at the gates of Asjolorm.
As they made their way down the path towards the river, they passed a few fugitives. Most of them were so concerned with their plight that they didn’t even look at them. A few recognised them as Kerinian soldiers and attacked them in wild fury, cursing and screaming. They ignored them or just shoved them aside. Jina guessed that his men felt the same as he did; they were already sick to their stomachs of slaughter.
As Jina approached the clearing where they would join the rest of their unit, someone attacked him, screaming in the Dornite language. Jina felt a sharp pain down his arm and turned to defend himself, striking out with his free arm to drive back the attacker. He made contact with soft flesh, heard a gasp of pain, and drove forward, head down, pinning the body against a tree, bending the assailant’s attacking arm backwards. As Jina drew back his arm to strike with his dagger, he saw that his attacker was a young woman. Her hair was loose, her eyes were wide, and her teeth were bared in pain. Jina held back his thrust in surprise and she lunged forward and tried to sink her teeth into his neck, but he grabbed her hair and forced her head back. Their eyes met and she spat at him. Her spittle dribbled down his cheek as he pressed his body against hers. The old lightning flickered through his veins and, as the heat flushed over him, he pressed closer against her, driving into her softness. She screamed as he yanked at her hair and pulled her head farther backwards. With his face close to hers, gripping her hair behind her head, pressed against her, he looked at her. It was familiar—too familiar. She reminded him of Dana in the grip of the Usserdite bandit. There was the same tilt of the head, the same grimace, and the same wide-eyed, desperate look. He went cold, cursed, and threw the woman away from him so that she landed on her back with a thud. Moaning in pain and fear, she tried to scramble away, supported on her elbows and digging into the ground with the back of her heels.
Behind him, someone said, ‘Kill her, man. She’s getting away.’
Jina looked around. It was Sharma. Jina retorted, ‘Let her go.’
Sharma said, ‘Then I’ll do it.’ He unsheathed his sword and moved forward. The woman was still scrambling backwards, whimpering and digging her elbows and heels into the ground, wide-eyed and terrified.
Jina grabbed Sharma’s arm, shouting at him, ‘Leave her, man. She’s helpless.’
Sharma cursed and tried to shake him off but Jina gripped him tighter and swung him around so that his body was between him and the woman. They stood there for a moment, chest to chest, eye to eye, glaring at each other. Jina didn’t know what would have happened if, right at that moment someone hadn't shouted urgently, ‘Sharma! Jina! Get a move on! Our comrades are on their way to the river.’
Sharma grunted, sheathed his sword, and relaxed. As they jogged down the path to the river, he said, ‘You could have had her, my friend—one way or the other.’
Jina replied, ‘It's over. It’s better that way. Forget about it.’
Sharma asked quietly but grimly, ‘Are you going soft, Jina?’
Jina said, in a cold voice, ‘There’s been enough slaughter for one night.’ He clutched his arm and felt the damp warmth of blood. The wound was painful but it didn’t seem to be deep. Jina thought, incongruously, that this was his first battle wound—and he got it from a woman.
Sharma jogged a few more paces and then said, ‘Dornites are Dornites, man. Dornites are the enemy.’
'There’s been enough slaughter for one night. Leave it be.’
Sharma responded tight-lipped, ‘Remember our orders, man. There’s no distinction between soldiers and civilians. This is war and we are soldiers.’
A wave of anger swept over Jina, fiercer even than the lightning that had burned through him only a few minutes earlier. He said, ‘Oh, go back and fight your civilians, Sharma! Go back and cut down every damn woman and child that you can find. Hey, maybe you can find a few old men who can give you an equal contest with their walking sticks. And don't forget to bring their heads back on a lance so that everyone can applaud you. Maybe they can even arrange for a few women to dance in front of you, eh?’ Sharma said nothing but Jina sensed how he started and stiffened with resentment. After a few paces, Jina said, ‘You think I’m going soft, hey? Wait until we get back to camp. You can choose your weapons and then we’ll see who’s going soft.’
Sharma shot him a look that was both startled and appraising. He snorted as if he didn’t believe what he was hearing and, after a short silence, said, ‘Forget about it, man. I know what you’re worth.’
‘Do you, Sharma?’
‘Yes, I do. Forget about it, eh?’
Jina just grunted in reply.
Forget about it? Jina never forgot how the lightning-sharp exhilaration pounded through his body as he pressed against the woman, driving forward, able to have her, in Sharma's words, one way or the other. More than that, he never forgot how he saw the image of Dana’s last moments in the woman’s wild eyes, in her tilted head, and in her bared throat. Above all, he never forgot that.
The squad members got back to their camp just before sunrise, went through a debriefing session, and then collapsed onto their cots. However, in spite of being exhausted, at first Jina couldn't go to sleep. His mind was full of images of the slaughter outside the gates of Asjolorm. Then, when he did drop off to sleep, he dreamed about Dana. He dreamed that she was lying with him on the hillside near Thania where they watched the clouds drifting across the sky. The dream was so vivid that he could hear Dana's voice saying that the clouds asked the questions. Then he imagined that she caressed and welcomed him tenderly as her lover. He dreamed that, with his eyes closed in ecstatic expectation of reaching his goal at last, he prepared to enter and possess her warm sweetness. As he entered her, he dreamed that she shuddered and gasped, not as a lover but as someone in the throes of terrible pain. Jina opened his eyes and saw that she lay beneath him with staring eyes, with head lolling, and with her throat cut. He awoke to the sound of his own cry and didn't dare to sleep again.

CHAPTER ELEVEN: ZABRAZAL’S BLESSING

The attack was successful beyond their greatest expectations. The city of Asjolorm burned out completely and nothing but an empty husk remained. Hundreds of houses were destroyed. The governor’s precinct was a soot-streaked ruin, the oil and grain storehouses were reduced to nothing but ashes and shattered jars, while the armoury collapsed into a mound of shattered masonry and molten metal. All in all, it was a major victory that was gained at literally no cost to the attackers. Moreover, at last the fight had been taken to the enemy. Ever since the Dornites established themselves on the coastal plain about two hundred years earlier, they had been the aggressors, raiding the Kerinian flocks, pillaging their towns and villages, carrying off captives and seizing Kerinian territory. Now for the first time the tables had been turned. 
A few days later Vaxili summoned Jina and Sharma to his headquarters. As they waited in an antechamber, Jina looked around curiously. The room had bare, whitewashed walls and a low wooden ceiling. It was sparsely furnished, containing only a bench, a few straight-backed chairs and a table haphazardly strewn with stacks of documents and items of clothing. It was not what he expected to find in royal precincts. Jina asked Sharma in a low voice, ‘Is this the palace?’
Sharma looked at him in amusement and replied, ‘Palace? No, this is just a house that Vaxili has converted for use as his headquarters.'
'Where does he live?'
Sharma jerked a thumb over his shoulder. 'He lives in a house next door.’ Sharma gave Jina another amused look and commented, ‘It’s in better condition than this one—a lot better by far. But don't think that Vaxili is going to be satisfied with living in converted accommodation for long. He's going to build a palace in his home village. He's already commissioned architects from Kitilat to draft the plans.'
'Why there? It's out of the way. It's not the place for the capital of Kerina.'
Sharma shrugged phlegmatically and answered, 'It's where Vaxili feels at home.'
Jina asked, ‘Where does Mecolo feel at home?’
In reply, Sharma glared at him and clammed up so hard that Jina could feel the tautness radiating over him like a wave of heat from an oven door. They sat there in uncomfortable silence, listening to the subterranean rumblings of their unresolved disagreement. In the silence, from behind the inner door they could hear the sound of heated conversation. Jina could pick out the voices of Vaxili and Kainar as well as another voice that he knew he should recognise but just couldn’t place. Sharma cocked his head and said sardonically. ‘It sounds like Zabrazal’s messenger isn’t as happy with Vaxili as he might be.’
Jina listened more closely. Sharma was right: it was Izebol's voice. 
The closed door prevented them from hearing clearly even although they sat in silence trying to hear what was being said while pretending to ignore the altercation. Then suddenly the door burst open and Izebol stormed out, followed by a younger priest. Jina and Sharma jerked backwards, trying to look innocent and unconcerned. However, Izebol stalked across the room, ignoring them. Only when Izebol’s companion touched his arm and cocked his head towards them did Izebol stop, glower at them, and then bark, ‘You! Are you Sharma?’
Sharma got to his feet, saying, ‘Yes, your honour, I am Sharma.’
‘And you? Who are you?’
‘I am Jina, your honour.’
‘Ah, yes, Sharma and Jina.’ Izebol frowned and looked at them narrowly. Then he put out his hand to them and they kneeled and kissed it. Izebol said, ‘Sharma and Jina? The heroes who brought back the head of Drunuk, eh?’
‘Yes, your honour.’
‘And the same Sharma and Jina who rescued Lady Mecolo from the Usserdite abductors, eh?’
‘Yes, your honour.’
Izebol took a step forward and studied them so closely that Jina felt as if he was being inspected on a parade ground. After a lengthy scrutiny Izebol suddenly barked, ‘You had something to do with Asjolorm, I hear?’
‘Yes, your honour.’
‘How much, eh? How much?’
Sharma said, ‘Well, your honour, we just suggested— ‘
‘You just suggested the whole plan, not so?’ Izebol thrust a finger at Jina and demanded, ‘You! What did you have to do with it?’
‘Your honour, Sharma discussed his plan with me and I—‘
Izebol grunted knowingly and silenced him with a wave. Still scrutinising them, he asked, ‘Are you servants of Zabrazal?'
'Servants, your honour?'
'Yes! Servants!  Servants of the one true god! Are you dedicated to his service?’
‘Yes, your honour. We are servants of Zabrazal, your honour.’
Izebol wagged a finger at them and said sternly, ‘Serve your god in your youth and you will be rewarded throughout your life. Do you believe that?’
‘Yes, your honour.’ Jina replied fervently, hoping that Izebol would believe him and hoping that it was true. Sharma just gave an affirmative nod.
Izebol relaxed a little, waggled a half-friendly finger at them, and said, ‘You are favoured by Zabrazal.’
‘You honour?’
‘It is as clear as it can be. Do you think that you would have enjoyed such success without the blessing of Zabrazal?’
They shook their heads vigorously while Jina thought, ‘Well, that’s good news. If Zabrazal’s chief representative says it, then it’s probably true. In fact, it's almost as good as getting it from the horse’s mouth, so to speak.’ Then Izebol's mouth tightened and he interrupted Jina’s thoughts by growling, ‘But as for your commanders—did they consult the omens? Did they consult the priests of Zabrazal?’ He glared at them. ‘Well, did they?’
‘We don’t know, your honour.’
‘You don’t know! Of course you don’t know! You don’t know because they only consulted themselves and their own desires!’ Izebol snorted and lowered his voice. ‘But as for you—you were fortunate. Zabrazal blessed your ventures in spite of the negligence of your commanders.’ He straightened and gestured towards the inner door, saying, ‘Vaxili and Kainar know my mind on this matter.’ Izebol glared at the door, looked at them in a half-speculative and half-approving manner, nodded regally, and swept out of the room. 
They settled back, waiting to be called into the inner sanctum. However, before that happened, Mecolo entered through the outer door. Although she pretended to be surprised to see them, it was plain to see that she knew very well that they were there. Mecolo shot a cautious look at the inner door, fingered the neckline of her gown nervously, and said with feigned innocence, ‘Sharma and Jina! What are you doing here?’
They rose to greet her. Sharma bowed slightly—it was so studied that it was familiar rather than formal—and said, ‘We are waiting to see your father, Lady Mecolo.’
‘About what?’
‘Something to do with Asjolorm, or so we were told.’
‘Asjolorm? Is that the Dornite city that was destroyed?’
Sharma bowed again and said, ‘The same, Lady Mecolo.’
Mecolo gestured to them to be seated while she remained standing, looking hesitant and apprehensive. First she snatched at an invisible thread in the waist-line of her gown and then she flicked repeatedly at an imaginary speck on her sleeve. Next she sat down on the edge of a chair, hands clenched tightly in her lap, and said brightly, ‘Sharma and Jina! What a pleasant surprise! I haven’t seen you for such a long time.’ 
Sharma said smoothly, ‘And we are the poorer for it, Lady Mecolo.’
She lowered her eyes and replied, ‘So are we.’ She started to say something, stopped, and then asked hesitantly, 'How long will you be in Thania?' 
Sharma replied, 'Until tomorrow morning at least, my lady.'
Mecolo responded, 'Then perhaps we will see each other again before you leave?' Sharma nodded and gave her a searching look. Mecolo's eyes glowed before she said, ‘That’s good.’ Then, still keeping up the bright facade, she asked, ‘And how have you been, Sharma?’ 
Sharma replied, ‘Life has been very dull without you and the ladies of Thania, my lady.’
Mecolo stood up, smoothed her gown over her hips, and flicked her tongue over her lips like a lizard testing the atmosphere before making its next move. Then, apparently satisfied with what she had found, she moved to stand halfway behind Sharma. She put her hand on his chair, just behind his shoulder, leaned forward and asked, ‘But, Sharma, when you are so occupied with warlike and heroic deeds, surely you hardly miss the ladies?’
Mecolo was standing where Jina could get a good look her. A look? In fact, she was so absorbed in her duet with Sharma that he could have stared at her as intensely and for as long as he wanted. By Zabrazal, thought Jina, Mecolo was dolled up to the nines and carrying it off with style as well. She was wearing a soft, lime-green gown that folded around her so lightly that she looked to be all fragility and vulnerability. The low-cut bodice was gathered under her bust so that there was plenty more to see than just a hint of the smooth flesh of her breasts when she leaned forward. That alone was enough to attract his attention, producing a distant ache that, even while he tried to suppress it, recalled someone else in another setting. Mecolo was a good-looking young woman—far above the average, Jina had to admit—who knew how to arrange and display herself to the very best effect. On top of that, she carried with her the seductiveness of being close to power and high position.
Sharma glanced upwards over his shoulder and said with studied impassivity, ‘Why, Lady Mecolo, when the ladies are as beautiful as you nothing on earth could make any soldier of Kerina forget them. Our deeds are inspired by the beauty of the maidens of Kerina.’ He paused and then said meaningfully, ‘And especially the maidens of Thania, who are nearest to our hearts.’
Mecolo pulled up a chair and sat down with her knees almost touching Sharma’s. Even at a distance, Jina could smell her perfume. Under the musky pungency, it carried the hint of the fresh warmth of her body. Mecolo demanded, ‘Tell me about Asjolorm.’
Sharma said nonchalantly, ‘Asjolorm? It was destroyed by fire. There’s nothing much to tell.’
‘Oh, Sharma, don’t be so modest! I hear that you had a lot to do with what happened there.’
Sharma looked gratified but tried to hide it with a negligent shrug. He replied, ‘No single person can take the credit. Most of the men in our unit were involved in the attack.’
‘And you were just one of the many?’ Mecolo looked at Jina and asked archly, ‘Jina, isn’t he modest? Perhaps you can tell me what happened.’
Jina replied, ‘Lady Mecolo, we burned the city to the ground and we slaughtered a lot of people when they tried to escape. We slaughtered women and children along with the men. We slaughtered old people and we slaughtered babies. Then when things started to get too hot for comfort we got out of there fast. Like all good soldiers, we wanted to preserve our lives and limbs for the next battle. That’s what happened. Next time, we hope that we’ll be fighting soldiers, not destroying helpless civilians.’
Mecolo bit her lip and sat back stiffly with her hands in her lap. Jina had rebuffed her but he didn’t care. Once, not so long ago, he could have enjoyed these flirtatious approach-and-retreat, double-meaning games. With Dana, they had excited him. With Dana, they were steps in an exhilarating and intriguing dance. Now they irritated him. More than that, nowadays they reminded him of what he was trying to leave, confined to the pit of oblivion.
Sharma tried to rescue the situation by saying quickly, ‘It’s true that Jina and I were involved right from the beginning.’
‘Oh? How? Do tell me.’
Sharma had just begun telling the story when the inner door opened and Kainar appeared. Jina and Sharma stood up and saluted but Kainar frowned and looked past them, saying severely, ‘Lady Mecolo, I did not expect to see you here.’
Mecolo’s eyes flickered warily but she maintained her composure and replied, ‘I was hoping to see my father.’
‘At this hour of the day, Lady Mecolo? Your father has his duties, you know.’
Mecolo wrinkled her nose and shrugged in studied indifference, saying, ‘Then perhaps I won’t see him now, if he’s busy. Perhaps I'll call on him later’ 
Kainar took a step forwards so that he was standing squarely across the doorway. He replied evenly, 'Yes, my lady. Later would be much better. This evening would be best of all.' 
Mecolo got up, moved to the outer door, then stopped there and said to Jina and Sharma, ‘Well, it’s been so nice talking to you. I hope that I will see you soon.’
Kainar said brusquely, ‘They also have their duties, Lady Mecolo.’
‘Yes, of course they do—and I’m sure that you know how to keep them busy, General Kainar.’ Mecolo wrinkled her nose again, waved lightly, and was gone.
Kainar grunted and looked at Jina and Sharma suspiciously. Then he ushered them through the door.
The inner room was the exact opposite of the antechamber. It was spacious and had a luxurious, sumptuous air, with its deep-piled carpets, large tapestries, and heavy drapes that reached from ceiling to floor. Although it was mid-morning, all of the drapes were drawn, so that the room had to be lighted by lamps. Jina felt as if, in one moment, he had been transported to a secret cavern in a fabulous land. It was so surprising that he stopped abruptly, causing Sharma to collide with him. Sharma muttered something uncomplimentary and gave Jina a discreet shove in the middle of his back. Jina stepped forward, blinked, and took in more of this surprising scene. A huge table of heavy wood dominated the room. The surface was so highly varnished that he wondered incongruously if Vaxili and his aides used it to play some game or other—perhaps an exotic game in which polished counters were pushed to and fro. All around the table there were large chairs with high, carved backs and upholstered seats. Jina stumbled against one of the chairs, stubbed a toe, and swore under his breath. Sharma pulled him backwards and muttered something that Jina couldn’t hear. It probably wasn’t a compliment or a courtesy.
From behind them, Kainar said loudly, 'Your majesty, I present Deputy Commanders Sharma and Jina.' Peering into the semi-gloom, at last Jina located Vaxili. He was sitting at the head of the table with the lamplight falling on him obliquely so that half of his face was illuminated while the other half was in deep shadow. It was disconcerting, like encountering a man who wore only one half of a mask. Furthermore, the direction of the light exaggerated the effect of the scar under Vaxili’s right eye, so that he appeared to be glaring at them with one eye narrowed in suspicion. Vaxili looked so inhospitable that Jina wondered if they had come to the wrong place. 
Sharma plucked at the hem of Jina’s tunic. Jina glanced at him, saw that he was standing to attention, and followed suit. They saluted but Vaxili only acknowledged them with a negligent gesture and motioned to them to be seated at the foot of the table. When Kainar went up to Vaxili and murmured something to him, Vaxili scowled, pursed his lips, and looked Jina and Sharma up and down as if he had just been told that they were infected by the plague. Jina guessed that Kainar had told Vaxili that Mecolo had been with them in the antechamber and his stomach muscles tightened in apprehension. This was not a good way to start the meeting.
Kainar settled down in a chair and there was a deep silence until he coughed discreetly and Vaxili nodded as if he had just remembered that he was in charge.  Finally Vaxili said, ‘Welcome, deputy commanders Sharma and Jina. We are pleased to see you.’
They gave the standard response: ‘We greet your majesty.’
Vaxili waved a finger in acknowledgement and looked at Kainar expectantly. Kainar said, ‘His majesty has invited you here so that he can thank you for your role in the attack on Asjolorm. He wishes to inform you that you will be decorated with the Order of the Defenders of Kerina.’
Jina and Sharma exchanged glances. Jina could see that for some reason Sharma didn’t want to speak first, so he tried to look knowing and appreciative and replied, ‘We thank your majesty. It is a great honour.’ 
Vaxili looked at Sharma enquiringly. Sharma straightened and responded stiffly, ‘We thank your majesty. It is an honour.’
For the next ten minutes, Vaxili asked them about the attack on Asjolorm. While doing so, he became quite animated as if discussing a successful attack on the Dornites had cleared away his earlier mood of indifference. Then, as the discussion drew towards a conclusion, Vaxili put up a finger, smiled sardonically, and, with his head a little to one side, looked at Sharma shrewdly. After a pause, Vaxili said, ‘It appears that you find service on the frontier productive, Deputy Commander Sharma. Would you agree with me?’ 
‘Productive, your majesty?’
Vaxili said, ‘You looked down towards Asjolorm, you saw the possibilities, and you conceived the plan for the attack—not so? Now, if you had not been based where you were—’ He broke off and looked closely at Sharma.
Sharma swallowed hard and replied in a subdued voice, ‘It wasn’t all my own doing, your majesty.’
‘No?’
Sharma replied, ‘My comrade Jina also had a lot to do with it.’
Sharma was always good at acknowledging the contributions that others made. It was one of his most attractive qualities and one that he cultivated as he climbed the ladder of his aspirations. Right now, however, it struck Jina that he was trying to deflect attention than share the glory with others.
‘Yes, so you’ve already said. And as I’ve already said, I’m grateful to both of you.’ Vaxili gave the same fleeting smile and asked, ‘Do you also find service on the frontier stimulating, Deputy Commander Jina?’
‘I serve Kerina wherever I’m called to do so, your majesty.’
‘One posting is as good as another, eh?’
‘No, your majesty.’
Vaxili's eyes widened and he asked, ‘No?’
‘Your majesty—I mean that I prefer to be on active service. That’s how I serve Kerina best.’
‘Ah! You prefer active service? You really do?’
‘I would like to be wherever I can oppose their enemies directly, your majesty.’
Vaxili nodded thoughtfully and drummed his fingers lightly on the top of the table. Then he half-turned in his seat and looked at the wall that was covered in drapes. There was a long silence. Suddenly, still looking in the same direction, Vaxili said reflectively, ‘Killing Drunuk, rescuing my daughter, and now Asjolorm—they make a good team, don’t they, General Kainar?’
‘Indeed they do, sir.’
Vaxili turned to face Jina and Sharma. He leaned forward, hands clasped, and asked quietly, ‘Do you also prefer active service on the frontier, Deputy Commander Sharma?’ Vaxili leaned looked at Sharma closely.
Sharma licked his lips and replied cautiously, ‘I prefer to be wherever I can serve Kerina best, your majesty.’
‘Anywhere at all?’
Sharma paused, swallowed, and replied, ‘Yes, your majesty. I am a soldier first and foremost. It is my duty to serve Kerina wherever I am placed.’
Vaxili grunted and drummed the fingers of his right hand on the table, producing a light, incessant tic-tic sound. With his left hand, he stroked his throat slowly as if he was trying to rid it of an obstruction. After a while, he looked up and asked sharply, 'You are both from Lower Kerina, not so?'
'Yes, your majesty.'
Vaxili looked at them thoughtfully as if they were goods that he was turning over while he was pricing them in the bazaar. Then he asked, 'Would you not prefer to serve your own people?'
'Pardon, your majesty?'
Vaxili smiled quizzically as if he didn't believe the surprise in their voices. He asked, 'Surely your first loyalty is to your own people? Surely you would want to serve them first? Isn’t that only natural?'
Kainar got up quickly, bent over Vaxili's shoulder, and whispered to him urgently. Vaxili inclined his head and then waved Kainar away with a brush-off motion. He looked at Jina and Sharma with a sceptical smile and asked, 'Well? What do you say?'
Jina could hear Sharma taking a deep breath before he answered cautiously, 'Your majesty, the elders of Osicedi sent us here to serve the Kingdom of Kerina. That is why we came here. We are soldiers of Kerina. That is our profession and that is what we want to do.'
Vaxili leaned back and smiled at them as if he knew something that they didn't. There was a long silence. Then Vaxili said reflectively, 'Ah, yes—from Osicedi, eh? I remember Osicedi.' He smiled thinly and nodded at them as if he expected them to respond his remark. Jina didn't know what sort of response was expected, but he was getting annoyed. He said, 'Your majesty, we were sent here to serve the Kingdom of Kerina. We weren't sent here to serve Lower Kerina, or Upper Kerina, or any other part of Kerina, north, south, east, or west. However, your majesty, if you feel that our loyalty is in question, then please send us wherever you think that we and our loyalty belong.'
Kainar said sharply, 'Show respect to his majesty, Deputy Commander Jina!'
Sharma put a hand on Jina’s thigh and gave it a warning squeeze. Jina opened his mouth to speak but shut it when Sharma squeezed his thigh even more sharply. Sharma said quickly, 'Your majesty, our loyalty belongs to Kerina and to all of Kerina without distinction of place or region. You may place us wherever you think that we will give the best service.'
Vaxili was still stroking his throat and looking at them contemplatively. He pursed his lips and asked quietly, ‘So, Deputy Commander Sharma, you wouldn’t even mind being posted to headquarters here in Thania?’
‘I wouldn’t mind, your majesty, as long as that was where I could be useful.’
Vaxili ran a finger up his cheek, looked at the finger while he rubbed it with his thumb, and then said thoughtfully, ‘The question is, useful to whom?’
‘Your majesty?'
Vaxili asked pointedly, ‘You wouldn’t find that there were too many distractions here in Thania?’
‘No, your majesty. I am a soldier of Kerina and I—‘
Vaxili waved a hand dismissively. ‘Yes, yes, I know! You've said all of that already. You don't have to repeat yourself. You are good soldiers and you serve Kerina with all your—no doubt you believe it when you say ... well, no doubt, no doubt.’ His tone was ironic. Vaxili turned to Kainar and said in the same tone, ‘We are fortunate to have such devoted soldiers in our ranks, General Kainar. Not so?’
Kainar looked fixedly at Vaxili and replied firmly, ‘Indeed we are. We should remember that they have already rendered exceptional services. That is why your majesty wishes to congratulate them.’ He said it so firmly that Vaxili raised his eyebrows before he lowered his gaze and began to drum his fingers on the table. Then, suddenly, Vaxili shot a question at Sharma: ‘Are you absolutely sure that you would not be distracted if you were posted to Thania?’
‘I am certain, your majesty.’
‘Ah! No temptations posed by the fairer sex, for instance?’
Sharma hardly paused before he answered, ‘Not such as would interfere with my duties, your majesty.’
Vaxili pursed his lips. ‘Hmm! I believe that you are acquainted with my daughter, Mecolo.’
‘Yes, your majesty, I do know Lady Mecolo.’
‘You know her well?’
‘I am acquainted with her, your majesty. You will remember, on the expedition to the Great River …’
Vaxili silenced Sharma with an abrupt gesture. His eyes narrowed and his face went hard. He said tight-lipped, ‘Deputy Commander Sharma, I know all about you and my daughter. I do not approve of your relationship with her.’ There was silence around the table. Then, still tight-lipped, Vaxili said, ‘I hope that I have made myself clear.’
'Your majesty—'
Vaxili silenced Sharma again. His eyes were as hard as his voice when he said, 'I will repeat myself. I said that I do not approve of your relationship with her. You understand?'
Sharma dropped his eyes and swallowed. ‘Yes, your majesty.’
‘You understand?’
‘I understand, your majesty.’
‘Good. We should be concentrating on fighting the Dornites without having to deal with distractions at home. You agree?’
‘Yes, your majesty.’
Vaxili snapped his fingers. ‘Good! We understand each other. That’s settled.’ He got to his feet, flexed his shoulders, and then leaned forward with both hands planted on the table. ‘General Kainar, you said that there was something else to discuss with these young men?'
Kainar said in a relieved tone, 'They have a proposal for a plan of battle against the Dornites. I think that it is worth hearing.’
For the next half--hour, they presented the idea for a battle formation that they discussed with Kainar just before the attack on Asjolorm. Vaxili and Kainar questioned them closely and appeared to be more than interested in their ideas. As the discussion ran towards a conclusion, Vaxili asked, ‘Has your service on the frontier produced any other ideas?’
Sharma said, ‘There is one thing, your majesty.’
‘Yes?’
‘Your majesty, we shouldn’t only meet the Dornites on the battle field.’
‘No? How then?’
‘Your majesty, I believe that we should take the fight to them wherever and whenever they can.’
‘Do you mean more attacks on their cities, as with Asjolorm?’
‘That is a possibility, your majesty. But we were thinking of other things.’
‘Such as?’
Sharma replied, ‘Your majesty, my comrade Jina has a suggestion.’
‘Well, let’s hear it.’
Sharma looked at him, inviting him to speak. Jina would rather have left right then, without any more talk but he swallowed his feelings and said, ‘We should be more mobile so that we can harass the Dornites. We need to keep them off balance. They should never know where our next attack is coming from.’ Vaxili raised an enquiring eyebrow at him and Jina continued, ‘Your majesty, you have been importing horses from Kitilat. We could use more of them.’
Kainar sat forward looking interested and asked, ‘Are you proposing that we should raise a cavalry regiment?'
Sharma said, 'Your honour, we were thinking more of a light mounted force that could harass the Dornite's supply lines or attack them in the rear. If we use the force well, it would destabilise the Dornites. It could divert their attention and divide their forces.’
Vaxili rubbed his chin and said, 'Kerinian forces have never fought on horseback.’
Kainar replied, 'Your majesty, the Dornites have changed their tactics. Perhaps it's time that we did the same.'
Vaxili rubbed his chin again and asked, ‘What do you think, General Kainar?’
‘The idea has merit, your majesty. We should consider it.’
As they were leaving the room, Vaxili called out sharply, ‘Deputy Commander Sharma!’
‘Your majesty?’
‘I would not want to hear any more about you and my daughter.’
‘Yes, your majesty.’
Vaxili turned his head away again, Jina and Sharma saluted, and Kainar ushered them out of the room.
Outside the building, they took a few deep breaths and exhaled hard and long as the tension ebbed. Then, when they were well away from the building, Sharma exhaled again and said, ‘What a bastard!'
Jina replied, 'Did you hear that—wouldn't we rather serve Lower Kerina? Damn him! Does he think we're traitors, or spies, or infiltrators, or what?'
Sharma said sombrely, 'If that's what he really thinks, then it's bad news for Kerina.'
They walked for a while in silence. Then Sharma asked, 'Was Vaxili interested in our ideas? I don't know how to read him.'
'Maybe he just didn't want to commit himself or maybe he really wasn't much interested—I don't know.'
Sharma snorted dismissively. 'I’ll tell you something that I learned today. Vaxili doesn't have a head for military matters. I thought so earlier but now I know it. It's a good thing that Kainar was there. He understands what we’re talking about, whereas Vaxili ...' Sharma swore and shrugged eloquently.
Just before they reached the camp, Jina asked the question that was uppermost in his mind: 'What are you going to do about Mecolo?'
Sharma said, ‘We will have to be more careful.’
‘Careful? Just be more careful? By Zabrazal, more than just careful, I would say. If I were you, I'd lie low. In fact, I'd lie so low that they'd think that you had gone underground like a mole.’
Sharma pursed his lips and his face took on the stubborn, I-won’t-be-diverted look that Jina knew so well. Jina sighed inwardly. The flecks in Sharma’s eyes gleamed as he said, ‘Don't worry. I can handle the situation.’
‘Is that what you think?’
‘For sure! I can handle it. Quit worrying.’ Sharma clapped Jina’s shoulder reassuringly and said cheerfully, ‘Hey, let’s go and get some food in the canteen. I’m hungry. I bet you are, too.’ 

CHAPTER TWELVE: I WANT HER 

Three months later, Jina and Sharma were out riding at a site about two hours' march north of Thania. Sharma reined in his horse and patted its neck, saying to it, 'Stand still while I get off. All right?' He dismounted cautiously, groaned, and said, ‘Damn it, shepherds weren’t made to ride horses.’ He rubbed his backside, flexed his shoulders, and grimaced.
Jina dismounted as well, slung the reins over a shoulder, and walked next to Sharma. He couldn’t help grinning at Sharma’s stiff-legged gait while he said, ‘Shepherds weren’t made to ride, eh? That’s also what the Dornites think.’
Sharma grinned ruefully. ‘It’s all part of our plan to catch them by surprise, not so?’ He groaned and leaned forward, flexing his back.
‘You said it, my friend.’ Jina wanted to rub his backside as well but he didn’t, because even more than soothing his aches, he wanted to go one up on Sharma. But he had to admit that it was difficult to keep a straight face and a straight back. The ache in his muscles was so deep-seated—no pun intended—that it felt as if it had established itself as a permanent fixture.
Someone had taken their advice and established a light mounted unit. It was flattering to see their ideas being taken seriously. However, they had mixed feelings about the fact that that they had been included in the first batch of recruits. They hadn't had much fun since they joined the unit. In fact, they’d been working harder than ever. Before the horses arrived, they moved equipment, cleared bush and grass, and levelled the site. They dug a protective ditch, pitched tents, and constructed latrines and a kitchen block. Then they built the stables, which were solid structures of brick and wood with individual stalls. It galled them to see that the horses were better accommodated than they were in the tents, where they had almost no protection from the heat and the cold and had to endure gusting winds and dust whipping in between the flaps and under the sides.
When the horses arrived at the camp, Zaliek was with them. He dismounted, gave them a broad, knowing grin, and said, ‘Well, well, Sharma and Jina! What are you doing here, of all places?’
‘Someone drafted us, commander.’
‘Now I wonder who could have done that.’ Zaliek looked them up and down appraisingly and asked, ‘Have you collected any good Dornite heads lately?’
Sharma answered, ‘Not since you assisted us at Gandonda, commander.’
Zaliek gave Sharma a keen glance. He growled, ‘I hear that you’ve been quite busy since then, eh?’
‘Just keeping out of mischief, commander.’
Zaliek looked around with an amused air, gestured at the camp, and remarked, ‘Back to basic training, eh?’
‘It looks like it, commander.’
Zaliek patted his horse’s neck affectionately and asked, ‘You youngsters didn’t know that I could ride, did you?’
‘No, commander, we didn’t.’
‘There are lots of things you don’t know about me. Well, I’ll tell you another thing you don’t know about me. I learned to ride almost before I learned to walk.’
‘Where was that, commander?’
Zaliek started to rub down his horse. Over his shoulder, he growled, ‘Never mind that. Like I’ve told you a few times already, I get paid to make soldiers out of you, not to tell you my life story.’ He flicked an eyelid in what could have been a wink before he straightened and barked, ‘What are you looking at? Get busy rubbing down those horses.' Catching the looks on their faces, he asked, 'You do know how to rub down a horse, don’t you?’
‘No, commander, we don't.’
‘Damnation! This is supposed to be a mounted unit! Are they scraping the bottom of the barrel, or what?’ Zaliek jerked a thumb at the men who arrived with him and said, ‘Ask them how to do it. They’ll show you. Well, what are you waiting for? Don't just stand there with your mouths open. Do something useful.’ He looked at them suspiciously and asked, 'Do you know anything at all about horses? Anything at all?'
'No, commander. We know nothing at all!'
‘Then you’d better learn fast or I'll kick your backsides quicker and harder than a rock falls down a cliff. Well, move your arses! Get going!’
Zaliek taught them how to care for a horse, how to ride it, and how to fight while mounted. He taught them manoeuvres, tactics, and strategies. He also showed them how to look after a horse better than they would look after their own mothers. 
Now, three weeks after Zaliek's arrival, here they were, exercising their horses and still feeling the effects on their long-suffering muscles. Jina lay next to Sharma on the ground, stretching his legs and wriggling his shoulders. Sharma asked, ‘Do you think being with a mounted unit is a good deal?’
Jina replied, ‘It’s all right. It’s interesting. What's more, it's better than walking.’
Sharma grunted as if he was unconvinced. He flicked a pebble with his thumb, watched it arch and drop into the grass, and asked, ‘Do you like horses?’
‘I don’t know yet.’ Jina stretched again, shifted his position, and said, 'I don't even know whether horses like me.'
Sharma groaned. ‘I can’t say that I’ve developed any affection for them.’ He stood up gingerly, rubbed his backside, and said half humorously and half resentfully, ‘Feed them, saddle them, bridle them, sponge them, rub them down, cover them with a blanket, talk to them as if they’re your best friends—damn it, man, we’re going to spend more time caring for the creatures than we spend looking after ourselves.’
Jina replied with a straight face, ‘Well, it’s your own doing.’
‘I didn’t ask them to assign us to the unit, did I?’ Sharma stretched, groaned again, looked at Jina ruefully, and complained, ‘Convenient, eh?’
‘Convenient for whom?’
‘Convenient for Vaxili, that’s who.’
‘Well, what did you expect? Did you think he would give you a position at headquarters to show his appreciation of your affectionate concern for his daughter?’’ Sharma grunted despondently. Jina asked, ‘Are you still seeing her?’ Sharma grunted again. Jina observed, ‘For an intelligent man, you’re a damn fool, Sharma!’
Sharma’s eyes flashed and he retorted, ‘That’s my business!’
‘All right, have it your way, damn it! If you don’t want to talk about it—well, then, don’t!'
Sharma sat up and rested his chin on his knees. He said slowly, ‘I like her.’
‘That’s not the point.’
‘I want her.’
‘That’s not the point, either.’
‘No? What is the point?’
‘The point is, if you go on seeing her, you’ll have her old man’s boot coming down on your neck. And, as I don’t need to remind you, her old man is the king. When he brings his boot down, you’ll feel it. In fact, you already are feeling it—but just a gentle nudge, right now.’
Sharma didn’t say anything for a while. He just hugged his knees and looked out over the plain. Then he said with feeling, ‘Jina, I’m telling you, I don't want to lose her.’
‘Do you like her enough to risk what Vaxili will do to stop you?’ Sharma didn’t reply. He just tugged at an ear. Jina urged, ‘Come back to the real world, Sharma. She’s not the only fish in the sea. You can trawl your net and catch just about as many fish as you like any day of the week.’
Sharma said, ‘I won’t find another one like Mecolo.’
‘Oh, that’s for sure. You won’t find another one whose old man could do you serious if not fatal harm. If you go fishing elsewhere, all that you’ll find is a lot of girls with parents who'll think how nice it is that their beloved daughter is seeing such a celebrated, up-and-coming young man like you.’
‘I told you, man! I don’t want to give her up.’
‘Of course you don’t! You like the challenge, don’t you? You like the risk. Well, let me remind you that this time you’re not engaged in a surprise attack on the Dornites or dealing with a bunch of Usserdite bandits. This time you’re completely exposed, out in the open, where every move you make can be seen. You remember Gandonda? You remember what you said, about how Vaxili exposed us to superior force without sufficient protection? Well, I can tell you that where Mecolo is concerned, you’re in an even worse position than we were at Gandonda. At least there you had armour and weapons. Here, you have no protection. Nothing!’
After a while, Sharma said regretfully, ‘Maybe you’re right.’
‘Yes, maybe I am.’
‘I’ll think about it.’
‘You do that, Sharma! Oh, yes, you do that!’
The next full-scale Dornite attack on Kerina came about six months after the attack on Asjolorm. Like everyone else, Jina wondered why the Dornites took so long to mobilise. Perhaps they were distracted by their squabbles over appointing a new military commander. Perhaps they were arguing about strategies. Perhaps they wanted to prepare an even more powerful force, one that would inflict decisive damage on Kerina and on the Kerinian army. Whatever the reason, the delay gave Kerina time to prepare for the Dornite onslaught.
One morning, in the middle of drill parade, Jina and Sharma’s unit was ordered to relocate to the south-eastern border. As they headed out of camp, Zaliek rode beside them, bellowing, ‘Get your line straight! Sit upright in the saddle!’
As Zaliek drew abreast of him, Jina asked, ‘What’s the emergency, commander?’
‘Emergency? Who said it was an emergency? Maybe we’re going to have a picnic somewhere on the frontier.’
‘It doesn’t feel like a picnic, commander.’
Zaliek reined in his horse so that it trotted alongside Jina’s and said, ‘We’ll get our orders when we pass through Thania but it’s my guess that the Dornites are on the move.’
Sharma leaned over and asked, ‘What’s our role going to be, commander?’
‘Scouting, mostly—that’s my guess.’ Zaliek shrugged and added, ‘Perhaps we'll make some attacks on the Dornite’s supply lines. Who knows?’ He shrugged again before he grinned sardonically and said, ‘Let’s hope they don’t want to use you as cavalry in a regular battle. That could be the end of you lot.’
There was an edge to Sharma’s voice when he asked, ‘Don’t you think we’re good enough?’
Zaliek looked at Sharma appraisingly and asked, ‘What did I say about courage during basic training? Remember?'
Sharma looked away sulkily and pretended to be adjusting his horse’s bridle. Zaliek chuckled knowingly and asked, ‘Do you remember, Deputy Commander Jina?’
Jina replied, ‘You said that courage isn’t enough. You said that it’s enough to get yourself killed but it’s not enough to defeat the enemy.’
Zaliek snapped his fingers. ‘Exactly! You’re a light mounted unit while the Dornites use heavy cavalry. They’ll run over you in a head-to-head encounter.’ Zaliek snapped his fingers again and growled, ‘You see, Deputy Commander Sharma, it has nothing to do with your own, personal, precious courage! Are you satisfied?’
Still looking sulky, Sharma replied with something between a grunt and a muffled acknowledgement.
Zaliek leaned over and asked sharply, ‘I asked, are you satisfied?’
‘Yes, commander!  I am satisfied.’
The rain started about half an hour after they left the camp. Although it was just a persistent drizzle weeping morosely from a low sky, ahead of them, to the south, lightning flickered over the hills and the clouds were swollen and molten black with menace. Jina cursed, adjusted his headgear, put his head down and drew his coat tighter across his chest.
Sharma said, ‘Don’t curse the weather.’
‘Why not? It’s damn miserable.’
‘If this rain keeps up, it’s going to be even worse for the Dornites. Their chariots will be bogged down in the mud and their cavalry won’t find it much easier. It will reduce their mobility by half or more.'
Jina grunted despondently. It was a small consolation amidst the discomfort.
The rain was pelting down by the time they rode into Thania. While Zaliek reported to headquarters to receive orders, they dismounted and found shelter wherever they could. The place was in a ferment of activity. Carts and wagons were being loaded with supplies, troops were assembling under full packs, and orderlies were running around with harassed expressions. Sharma looked around, hesitated, and then asked Jina, ‘Will you look after my horse for a while?’
‘Where are you going?’
‘Just look after my horse. I won’t be long.’
‘Don’t be a fool, man. If you’re not here when Zaliek gets back—‘
‘I won’t be more than a few minutes!’ Sharma shook Jina’s hand off his arm and headed away from him at a fast jog.
Jina called after him, ‘You won’t find her, man! You haven’t got the time.’
Sharma didn’t give any indication that he heard him. Jina stood there holding his horse’s reins, cursing him for being such a pig-headed fool.
Zaliek returned within a few minutes and ordered them to mount. Then he saw the empty saddle and bellowed, ‘Where’s Sharma?’
Jina replied, ‘He’ll be back right away, commander.’
‘I didn’t ask when he'd be back! I asked where he is.’
Jina said, truthfully, ‘I don’t know, commander.’
Someone said with a snigger, ‘Perhaps he’s gone to answer a call of nature.’
Zaliek looked around grimly and said, ‘It depends on which part of his nature is calling, eh?’
Just then Sharma appeared at a run. Zaliek glared at him and shouted, ‘Where did you go to, deputy commander?’
Sharma replied calmly, ‘I was just getting some exercise, commander.’
Zaliek shouted, ‘In future, you stay with your unit until I give you orders to disband. Understand?’
‘Yes, commander!’
The squad headed southwards out of Thania. After a few minutes, Jina asked quietly, ‘Did you find her?’ Sharma shook his head. Jina continued, ‘It’s just as well that you didn’t.’ Sharma grunted and Jina said, ‘You need to focus on what’s waiting for us. Forget about Mecolo, just like you forget about everything else that gets in the way of what you have to do. Focus on what you have to do. Your life could depend on it—not to mention the rest of us, as well.’
Sharma shot him a quick look and pursed his lips before he muttered truculently, 'Don’t lecture me, man! It's all right for you. You don't have—' He stopped and looked away.
Jina felt like leaning over and slapping him hard across his face. Slap? In fact, he felt like punching him so hard that his words would be driven right back to where they came from. He clenched his fists on the reins, bit back his anger, got a hold of himself, and said, ‘I don’t want you to get injured or killed, Sharma.’ Sharma shot him another quick look but still said nothing. Jina continued, ‘It’s a damned nuisance, dealing with injured comrades. Do you think that I want to haul your body off the battlefield when I should be fighting the Dornites? So my advice is that you focus on what you have to do and forget about everything else. All right?’
By way of response, Sharma just grunted and looked sulky.
That night, they camped at their old base on the escarpment just north of Gandonda. They settled in, grateful to have warmth and shelter, and relieved to be able to stretch their stiff limbs. Gusts and squalls propelled the rain so fiercely that it felt like miniature arrowheads of ice. They laid out their cloaks to dry—not that there was much chance of that happening—and settled down to munch at their field rations. When Zaliek appeared, his eyes flickered with amusement when he saw them glumly munching on their rations. He said, 'Not like the soft and easy life of camp, is it? Almost like doing something useful with your lives, eh?' Then he barked, ‘Sharma and Jina! I want to see you as soon as you’ve finished eating.’
‘We’re coming, commander.’
‘Finish your meal first. You’ll need it for what’s coming.’ 
A few minutes later, they joined Zaliek, huddling with him in the lee of one of the huts, pulling their greatcoats tight against the rain and swirling wind. Zaliek got straight to the point, saying ‘The Dornites are on the move down there.’ He nodded eastwards towards the coastal plain.
Sharma asked, ‘Are they in full force, commander?’
Zaliek nodded. 'The scouts say it looks like they have a bigger force than they had at Gandonda.’
Jina asked, ‘What’s our role, commander?’
‘Eager to get into action, eh? Don’t you ever lose your appetite for gobbling up Dornites?’
‘Not while I’m serving Kerina, commander.’
Zaliek chuckled. ‘If Kerina had a few more like you, the Dornites would have been driven into the sea by now.’ Then he said sombrely, ‘This is where I leave you. You’re on your own from now on.’ Zaliek jerked his thumb towards the escarpment and the rain-veiled plains beyond it. He said, ‘Your orders are to harass the Dornite supply lines. You’ll divide the unit into two sections. Each of you will command one of the sections. Liaise with one another and try never to operate separately. After three days, you will link up with the army. Any questions?’
Jina’s blood raced faster. He would be commanding his own unit for the second time – but now they would be facing Dornite soldiers, not a rabble of confused, panicky civilians. He had a score of questions but he suspected that Zaliek wouldn’t be able to answer them. The simple fact was that they were on their own from now on.
Jina and Sharma led their units out at first light. The air was moist and heavy, the clouds were low, and the ground was sodden—but at least it had stopped raining. Their plan was to make their way over the escarpment following the path that they used on their approach to Asjolorm. After that, they would turn south towards the main highway on the assumption that the Dornite army was somewhere in the vicinity of the pass at Gandonda.
Just after they linked up with the highway, at about mid-morning they intercepted a Dornite trader who was on his way to a coastal city. He was an elderly man with a large paunch, a bald head, and a squint, wearing a cloak and a tunic made of material that was so coarse that it felt like the sacking that Jina’s father used as wrapping for his bales. When they hauled him off his donkey, the pathetic fellow actually pissed in fright so that the disgusting yellow liquid ran down his legs, steaming in the cold air. They searched his packs but found nothing of any significance. Privately, Jina pitied the fellow for his poverty and pathetic appearance. Then Jina shrugged the thought aside—this was war, not a sociable meeting—and ordered his men to interrogate the trader. A knife held to the man’s throat elicited the information that late the previous evening he passed a large Dornite detachment heading for the pass. 
To extract more information, they blindfolded the fellow and knocked him around a bit, making a game of it by forming a circle and shoving the trader in all directions so that he never knew who would push him next or in which direction he would stumble. Then, when the trader dropped to the ground snivelling and exhausted, they threatened to torture him if he didn't tell them everything that he knew. At that, the pathetic creature sobbed and clung to Jina's legs so tightly that he had to be prised loose and dragged away while Jina looked at him in distaste. To get him to talk some more, some of the men held the old man down, pulled up his tunic, and pressed a knife against his genitals. Although the trader writhed, wailed, and screamed, even in the extreme of his terror he could only repeat what he had already said. 
It was clear that he had nothing more to offer so they decided to let him go. However, Sharma pointed out that the man should be prevented from carrying information to the Dornite army, just in case that was in his mind. When they killed his donkey, the man cried out and kneeled down next to the dead beast, weeping and rocking up and down so that his head hit the ground with a soft thud with each forward movement. At that point, Sharma had second thoughts and wanted to kill the fellow but Jina couldn't see the sense in it. Truly, he had had enough of slaughtering pathetic creatures. It brought back such unpleasant memories that he could have imitated the fellow by knocking his own head against the ground if only that would have cleared his mind of the images that beset it. Of course, Jina didn't say that to Sharma. Instead, he told him that killing a helpless civilian would demoralise their men. Sharma muttered 'Maybe you're right', and ordered two men to get rid of the fellow. They lashed him to one of their spare horses and rode off with him with orders to release him somewhere to the south at a considerable distance from the highway. As the trader disappeared into the mist with his escort, he was bent forward over the horse's neck, shoulders hunched, like a condemned man going to his death. Probably he thought that he was going to his death; he was too frightened to understand that they were giving him his freedom.
At midday the squad split up. Sharma’s section went south of the highway and Jina’s section went north. It was a miserable afternoon. The wind gusted off the escarpment, rain battered them in sharp squalls, and the ground was cold and sodden. Nothing moved on the highway. It was as if the world had been cleared of life and only their detachment remained to trudge over its dreary surface. 
In the early evening, Jina rode over and joined Sharma. He said, ‘We’re wasting our time. The Dornites aren’t bringing up supplies today.’
Sharma nodded. ‘They probably have everything that they need for the moment.’
They huddled together, cold and wet, considering the situation. Sharma said, ‘The Dornites probably took enough with them to last for a few days. After that, they’ll bring up fresh supplies and live off the land at the same time.’
‘If our army doesn’t stop them.’
Sharma said grimly, ‘Yes, if our army doesn’t stop them.’ He stamped his feet vigorously and cursed. ‘By Zabrazal, this is miserable! We have no action, and we have freezing weather on top of it.’
‘We need to find the Dornites or link up with our own forces.’
Sharma muttered, ‘I can tell you where the Dornites are—somewhere up there.’ He pointed towards the pass and the escarpment.
‘Well, then, let’s go and find them. We’re not doing any good, hanging around here.’
They and their men spent a miserable night in the open, sheltering under trees and bushes, huddled together. Early next morning they moved eastwards, parallel with the highway. It was slow going, keeping an eye on the road, sending out scouts, waiting for their reports, and then moving forward cautiously over the rough, sodden ground. Finally, at mid-afternoon, one of their scouts reported that he had located the Dornite army. 
Jina and Sharma rode forward to investigate and, sure enough, just before sunset they found the enemy camped in a valley to the south of the highway. They crept up to the top of a ridge, cursing under their breaths as they elbowed through mud and as the damp seeped into their clothes. Worming their ways to the edge, they looked into the valley. Sharma gave a low whistle and whispered, ‘It’s them all right.’
‘It’s a bigger force than last time, I reckon.’
‘It sure looks like it.’
As the light faded, they studied the position. Sharma said, ‘They’re supremely confident. They don’t even have scouts out on this side to cover their rear.’
Jina replied grimly, 'Based on their last performance, they have reason to be confident.'
Sharma responded, 'Let's hope that our commanders have come up with something new. Our army won't survive another defeat like the last one.'
Jina grunted in pensive agreement.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN: THE SWING OF THE PENDULUM

Jina and Sharma had only fifty men. They were unobserved, within striking distance of the Dornite camp but unable to carry out a decisive action. From their position on the ridge, with the whole camp spread out beneath them in the valley, the camp had the appearance of toy tents and toy soldiers. It seemed incongruous that such a small force could stand between Kerina and security. In frustration, Jina imagined that he could stretch out his hand, seize the whole camp, and crush it in his fist. After all, what was it but a few thousand men? 
However, even as he fantasised about removing the whole Dornite army with one sweep of his hand, Jina recognised that these few thousand men and what they represented had already changed the shape of Kerina. Somewhere in front of the Dornites, lying across their line of advance, there was a king with an army—the first king and the first army that Kerina ever had. Without the threat of the Dornites, Kerina would have continued with its old, timeworn practices as a tribal federation with part-time militias. Now things had changed forever, for better or for worse.
Jina and Sharma lay there shivering and damp for about an hour while night fell and the Dornites lit fires and prepared their meals. Pairs of guards were posted all around the camp. As they peered into the valley and considered various possibilities, Jina suddenly had an idea. He nudged Sharma and whispered, ‘The supply wagons!’
Sharma said, ‘That’s a possibility!’
The wagons were standing together on the southern side of the camp with their contents covered by oilskins. Jina said, ‘The contents will be dry. If we can get fire into the wagons, under the oilskins—‘
That’s what they did. At about midnight, their men silenced the three pairs of guards nearest to the wagons. After that, it was easy to lift smouldering logs from the nearest fire, put them into the wagons, and then retire quietly. The outcome was satisfactory. Although the Dornites managed to extinguish the blazes in some of the wagons, about twenty burned out completely. In addition, there was an unexpected bonus when containers of oil exploded, setting fire to a number of tents.
The squad retired southwards, leaving scouts to observe the camp. While their men sheltered under rock overhangs, Jina and Sharma planned their next move. It was clear that they only had two options—either to try to disrupt the Dornite supply lines, if there was anything to disrupt, or to link up with their army. What to do? They sat in glum silence for a while, hugging their knees to protect themselves from the cold. After a while, Sharma said, 'I wish I knew what the Dornites were going to do next.'
Jina nodded. It was going to be a waiting game. He said, ‘We don’t know exactly where our army is except that they’re somewhere up ahead. We might as well stay here and exploit any opening that the Dornites give us.’
Sharma grunted in agreement.
It was a cold, wet, uncomfortable, and apprehensive night.
Just after sunrise, the scouts reported that the Dornites were moving forward in battle order. Jina wanted to get going immediately but Sharma put a restraining hand on his arm, saying, 'Hold it, Jina. Not so fast.'
'Hold it? Why? You don't want to hang around here, do you?'
Sharma replied quietly, 'How many men do we have?'
'You know the answer: fifty-two, counting us.'
'Fifty-two men aren't going to make much difference.'
'Maybe not! But, damn it, we can't just hang around here. We have to do something useful.'
Sharma said, 'Then let's use our men to the best advantage.'
'How?'
'Let's not commit ourselves too early. We'll wait for an opportunity to strike at the Dornites when we can have maximum effect.'
Within an hour, their force was positioned behind a ridge above the battlefield. Jina and Sharma went forward and looked down on the shallow valley below. The Dornite army was directly below them and their army was about one thousand paces to their right, already moving forward at walking pace. The Dornites responded by moving their chariots into the centre of their line while their cavalry took up a position in the rear.
Sharma whispered, 'The ground is so wet it's practically a swamp. Their cavalry and chariots aren't going to move easily in these conditions.'
Jina muttered in return, 'What about us? We're also mounted.'
Sharma nodded thoughtfully. He pulled at an ear and said, 'We'd better stick to the hillsides. That way we'll be more mobile.'
As Jina watched the scene below, his mouth went dry and his stomach muscles tightened. He muttered, 'This waiting and watching is worse than actually being there.'
Sharma grunted in agreement. Lying shoulder to shoulder with him, Jina could feel that Sharma was quivering like a great cat that has stalked its prey and now waits for just the right opportunity, the moment of its victim's greatest weakness, to pounce. Sharma’s tongue was flickering over his lips and the flecks in his eyes were gleaming as he gazed intently at the scene below. Sharma gave the impression that he was on the point of leaping over the ridge to pounce on the prey below with one ferocious lunge. Jina put an arm around his shoulders and whispered, 'Hold steady, Sharma.'
Sharma looked at him with veiled eyes. Then he blinked as if he was refocusing on matters nearer to hand, shook his head vigorously, and muttered, 'No problem! I’m all right.' 
Jina held him firmly across his shoulders while the tension eased out of him and the quivering subsided. After about a minute, Sharma looked at him and muttered, 'I just want to get at them, that's all.'
The army of Kerina continued to advance. About six hundred paces separated them from the Dornites. Then it was five hundred. Then it was four hundred. Through gritted teeth, Sharma groaned, 'What the hell are they doing? They're just advancing in line abreast. The Dornites will find a weak point in the line and that will be the end of them, just like the last time.'
Jina could only nod in agreement and grit his teeth. It was like watching a dramatic performance based on a well-known myth in which everyone in the audience knows the tragic outcome but can't do anything to change the course of events. What made it worse for him was the knowledge that his brother, Abozi, was down there somewhere and could well be a victim of the same ham-headed tactics that led to disaster at the first battle of Gandonda.
Suddenly, shouted commands reached their ears through the heavy air. Sharma gripped his arm and asked in excitement, 'Do you see that?'
Jina saw it, too. The unit in the centre re-formed into a square formation and lances swung into the air. During their advance, the men had trailed the lances behind them, out of sight. Now, in an instant, the unit bristled with sharp-pointed menace.
Sharma said, 'By Zabrazal, they're going to form a wall!'
Jina didn’t reply. The scene below transfixed him. It was if the script of a well known drama had changed abruptly in mid-act. In an instant, the plot was wide open and unpredictable. What had been discussed between him, Sharma and Kainar on the heights above Asjolorm, sketched roughly in the dust, and later mentioned during their interview with Vaxili, now became a three-dimensional scene enacted by live players.
The square moved forward at a slow walk while the wings advanced slightly ahead of it. Now there was confusion in the Dornite army. Officers scuttled around behind the ranks and the cavalry withdrew by about one hundred paces. After another series of commands, the Dornite centre opened to let the chariots through.
Sharma gripped his arm and said in elation, 'The chariots! They're playing into our hands!'
Jina muttered in tense excitement, ‘We’ve got them this time!’
The chariots moved sluggishly in the mud, trying to look for an opening while the square moved onto them at an inexorable pace. It was a disaster for the Dornites. The long lances skewered the horses and the drivers, who tried to turn their vehicles to flee but were either stuck in the mud or collided with other chariots. Skirmishers from the flanks moved in to finish off any Dornites who didn't flee back to their own ranks. It was a slaughter.
Without pausing, the square moved forward at the same pace, opening to bypass the derelict chariots and the dead and wounded horses. Then it closed ranks again as it approached the Dornite army. The men on the flanks withdrew to the rear of the square, which opened to allow them to enter. Once again, a solid monolith advanced on the Dornite ranks. 
Jina whispered urgently, 'We should be down there, man. There's work to do.'
Sharma licked his lips and shook his head, saying, 'Not yet, my friend, not yet. Our time will come.' He glanced behind them and said, 'But it's time for our men to prepare for action.' With his eyes fixed on the battlefield, Sharma muttered, 'Tell them to keep out of sight. When they hit the Dornites, they're going to hit them hard.'
Jina got to his feet, turned to go, and then on a sudden thought said, 'Perhaps we should ask Zabrazal to bless our venture.'
'And if Zabrazal declines to bless us? Will we allow the Dornites to escape while we wait on Zabrazal's favour? Is that how we will serve Kerina?' Sharma snorted. Having no answer to his dismissive reply, Jina went to the rear to make preparations for the attack.
Jina ordered the men to move their horses forward to a position just behind the ridge and then he rejoined Sharma. He had only been away for about five minutes but already the scene had changed. The square was moving onto and through the Dornite ranks at the same inexorable pace. First the Dornites made a frontal attack, only to find that they couldn't penetrate the porcupine-like wall. Their leading ranks perished while the press of the men behind added fresh victims to the carnage before their ranks wavered and fell back. A bugle sounded and, right below them, the Dornite cavalry moved around their enemy’s right flank.
Sharma said triumphantly, 'The last throw of the dice!'
Jina’s pulse was racing and his skin felt as if it had been rubbed with raw sandstone. He wasn't even aware that he was beating his fists against the rock in exhilaration. He was about to see something for which he had waited ever since he was a boy—the rout of a Dornite army. He shouted, 'We should move now!'
Sharma grunted, 'Not yet. Wait until the square has finished with them.'
Struggling through the mud, the cavalry advanced towards the side of the square. The result was the same as it had been with the chariots: horses were skewered and tumbled to the ground leaving the riders exposed to the points of the lances.  The survivors turned and retreated up the lower slope of the hillside towards their position.
Jina said, 'Now! We have them!'
Sharma shouted, 'Let's go!'
Their men swept over the ridge and took the Dornite cavalry from behind. Attacked from front and rear, hemmed in by the lances and by the hillside, hampered by the soft ground and by their own weight, hardly a cavalryman escaped. As their forces completed the slaughter, Jina joined Sharma a little higher on the hillside. Sharma grinned at him broadly and shouted, 'We have them!'
Jina pointed to the Dornite ranks and shouted back, 'We haven't finished them off yet.'
'They won't last long. They can't handle the square.'
They watched as the square moved forward, at the same time opening at the rear to admit the men who had attacked the cavalry. Then the square opened up, forming a long line of advance, three men deep. A bugle sounded and the ranks broke into a quick trot, going as fast they could under the weight of armour and the lances while maintaining unbroken lines. The Dornites fell back in confusion, breaking their line as the men in front tried to escape the approaching lances.
Jina shouted, 'They're retreating. They'll get away.'
Sharma shouted back, 'Let's get behind them.'
They led their men along the hillside and then wheeled behind the Dornites. There they got among the nearest stragglers, those who were retreating in advance of their comrades, cutting some of them down and forcing the rest back into their ranks.
Sharma drew up alongside him and shouted, 'We don't have enough men to do much damage. The best we can do is to try to slow them down.'
That's what they did. They moved up and down behind the Dornites, attacking easy targets. Now that the Dornites had to worry about two fronts at once, their retreat slowed. 
The next move came from their own main force when the troops without lances suddenly poured around the sides of the advancing lines, attacking the Dornite flanks. Both sides sensed that this was the crucial phase of the battle. The Dornites held on grimly, like men with their backs to the edge of a cliff, contesting every step as they were pushed backwards. For about ten minutes, the battle swayed as if it was on an evenly balanced scale. Then the lances of the square broke through the Dornite centre and it was all over. From the Dornite ranks, there arose a collective roar of anguish as if their intestines were being ripped out of their living bodies. From the Kerinians came a shout of triumph and exhalation accompanied by the deep-throated chant of 'Ke-ri-na! Ke-ri-na!' 
The Dornites wavered, broke, and ran. About half of the Kerinian army broke ranks and followed them, cutting down the fugitives, stabbing and spearing those who fell in their path. Jina and Sharma led their men in the chase. The butchery was almost as callous as the killing at Asjolorm except that now the fugitives were soldiers, not civilians.
However, even at this late stage, the pendulum of battle could have swung one more time. A Dornite leader—probably their supreme commander, judging by his the height of the crest on his helmet—rallied some of his men on a hillock near the end of the valley. Within minutes, he welded a bunch of terrified fugitives into a fighting force that held the hillock and then advanced down the slope in reasonably good order, forcing their pursuers to retreat. The panic spread across the field and soon the pursuers had turned into fugitives. Fortunately half of the Kerinian force remained intact, advancing down the valley without their lances at a quick jog. 
Jina and Sharma withdrew their men while the retreating troops, the pursuers turned fugitives, streamed back in retreat. Sharma pointed to the disorderly scene and grunted, 'Thank Zabrazal for Kainar. Without him, we could be lost.'
It was true. Kainar was in control of the half of the army that didn't break ranks and set off in pursuit. They could see him gesticulating to the returning troops, giving directions to the officers, and taking charge of the proceedings. After about ten minutes, the full force had re-assembled. With Kainar in the lead, they set off down the valley at a jog. However, by then the Dornites had begun to climb the eastern heights above the valley. They were safe, out of reach. Before long, they would be gone.
It was a great victory. More than half of the Dornite army remained on the battlefield, dead or injured, compared with less than one hundred casualties on the Kerinian side.
As they rode down to join the army, Sharma growled, 'Damnation, we could have destroyed the Dornites completely if our men had kept their heads. As it is—' He shook his head and cursed.
Jina replied, 'It's a huge victory. Be satisfied with it, man.'
'But it's not what it could have been.'
'Get a sense of perspective, Sharma! This is Kerina's first major victory over the Dornites.'
'Exactly!  That's why we should have finished the job properly.'
'Are you never satisfied? We must have killed or captured half of their army. It'll be a long time before they recover, if ever.' 
Sharma shook his head and grunted in disappointment. He said morosely, 'We could have had more.'
Their troops greeted them with a cheer as they approached. Some of their men broke ranks to greet friends and comrades but Sharma shouted at them to get back into line. Then Jina and Sharma dismounted and saluted in front of Kainar, who greeted them with a broad smile and fraternal embraces.
As he watched their men dispersing, Jina drew a deep breath. He felt as if he had climbed a huge step on a long stairway. He had a mental image of himself looking backwards down the stairway and then looking upwards along the climb that still lay before them. An inner voice told him that if he could get up the step that he had just climbed, as indeed he had done, then he could handle the rest as well. Jina drew another deep breath, put his head back, and closed his eyes. As the excitement ebbed and as his blood cooled, suddenly he felt lonely. He was a successful soldier with his own command, celebrated for his achievements, acknowledged by the king himself. Although he was standing on the field of Kerina's greatest triumph, in the midst of the wreckage of the Dornite army, surrounded by the chatter and celebrations of soldiers relaxing after their triumph, he felt lonelier than he had ever felt before. He felt hollow, empty, and drained.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN: GOOD ADVICE

After the troops disbanded, Jina rode over to the right flank to find Abozi. To his relief, his brother was safe and well. Like everyone else, Abozi was flushed with the excitement of the victory. They chatted for a while and agreed to meet later. 
While he was riding back to the centre of the valley, Jina began to feel feverish and dizzy. Suddenly he had a pounding headache and his eyes misted over so that he was viewing the world through an opaque veil. Feeling himself swaying in the saddle, he leaned forward over his horse's neck and allowed it to find its own way back. Jina must have passed out for a while because the next thing he remembered was Sharma's voice, asking him if he was all right. Someone supported him in his saddle and called for assistance. It was probably Sharma but he couldn't be certain. After that, he couldn’t remember anything at all.
Jina’s fevered delirium lasted for nearly four days. As he found out later, during that time, he was carried back to Thania in a baggage cart together with a load of wounded soldiers. Along with scores of others, he was put to bed in a hut that served as a temporary hospital.
Later, Jina had a few dazed memories from the time during which he suffered from the fever. Mostly, he remembered images of Dana. He remembered having the same dream that he had after the attack on Asjolorm—the dream that just as he was about to possess Dana sweetly and eagerly, he looked down and saw with horror that she was lying under him with her throat cut. He must have had the dream repeatedly because he recollected that at least twice—probably more often, he couldn't tell—the sound of his own shouts awoke him from his delirium. Sweating, flushed, and bewildered Jina pushed himself up against the wall behind him and gazed dazedly at the crowded hut. In his half-conscious state, the image of Dana was still with him, more real than his actual surroundings. He gripped the sides of the bed and looked around in confusion, as if he expected to see Dana lying next to him or making her way down the aisle between the rows of beds. Then he dropped back into unconsciousness.
Jina also remembered dreaming of Dana being held by someone. Perhaps it was the Usserdite bandit on the bank of the Great River or perhaps it was a figure that was conjured up by his dark imagination. The details weren't clear—it was just some blurred shape behind Dana, restraining her as she called out and struggled to come to him. In his dream, he called to her, 'You're safe now, Dana, you're safe. Come to me.' Then suddenly she was free and there was no one behind her. She ran towards him, arms outstretched with her garments billowing airily about her as if a wind was blowing up from the ground under her feet. Jina ran towards her but the more he ran, and the more she ran, the more they remained apart. Jina called out and reached towards her, and she did the same, but they always remained apart until once again he subsided into the dark void of delirium. 
On the fourth day, Jina’s fever broke. At about mid-morning, he opened his eyes, lifted his head and looked around, sensing that someone was sitting next to him. He glanced sideways and then closed his eyes as pain pounded through his head. The person sitting next to him asked half jocularly, 'Had enough sleep, eh?'
With his eyes closed, Jina muttered, 'My head hurts.'
The voice said, 'At one point, we thought that we were going to bury you. Now it looks like you'll live to fight another day.'
Still with his eyes closed, Jina muttered, 'Is that you, Commander Zaliek?'
'It is, indeed. It is I, your beloved commander.'
Jina opened his eyes and cautiously squinted towards Zaliek Just as he focused on him, he felt faint. His head dropped back onto the pillow. Zaliek asked gruffly, 'Still not feeling so good, eh?'
After another silence, Jina managed to mutter, 'How long have I been here?'
'It's four days since the battle. You spent one night in the wagon and three nights in this bed.'
'Have you been here all the time, commander?'
Zaliek snorted. 'Here? All the time? You think I have nothing better to do than sit next to your bed day and night? Ha! You flatter yourself, Deputy Commander Jina!'
Jina was feeling a little better so he propped himself up against the wall and muttered, 'It's good to see you, commander.'
'I was just passing by so I thought I would drop in and see how things were.' Zaliek waggled a finger at him and said, 'A good commander cares about his men. Remember that.'
'And a good commander never expects his men to do anything that he won't do himself.'
Zaliek gave a short laugh and said, 'Ha! That's true. But nothing will induce me to get into that bed with you. That's something that you can do on your own without your commander.'
The pain in Jina’s head was subsiding, his mind was clearer, and his senses were keener than they were a few minutes earlier. Jina looked down at the bedclothes, sniffed, and said, 'Oh, man, I stink.' 
'You said it, my friend, not me.'
'It's disgusting. I've got to get out of here.'
'Stay calm, deputy commander, stay calm. You're not well yet.' Zaliek put a hand on his forehead. His touch was surprisingly light, even tender.
Jina felt faint again and flopped back to a prone position. As he did so, he muttered, 'I've got to get out of here.'
Zaliek said, 'Don't try to move. I'll get someone to help you.'
After a few minutes, he came back with an elderly woman with a slatternly appearance. She picked her nose and looked at Jina with indifference until Zaliek roared at her in frustration, telling her that he would kick her backside if Jina hadn’t been fed and washed by the time he returned. As the woman shuffled away muttering to herself, Zaliek said, ‘After she’s seen to you, you can sleep for a few hours. I'll call again this afternoon.' Jina muttered something in reply and Zaliek said quietly, 'There's something that I need to discuss with you.' He looked at Jina meaningfully as if he wanted to impart a message to him but didn't know how to speak the words. Then, still looking at him in the same way, Zaliek nodded and walked away.
Jina slept through the middle of the day and when he awoke in early afternoon, he was ravenous. The woman brought him a bowl of stew, which he wolfed down. She brought him another one and he finished it nearly as quickly. Then he lay back and dropped into a state between sleeping and waking while his thoughts drifted amongst a host of impressions and memories. He had distant recollections of a battle field and someone supporting him on his horse. He dreamt of Dana lying back to receive him as her lover. He remembered how while he suffered from the fever, he woke in pitch darkness, screaming and flaying his arms about. He imagined himself running towards Dana, but never reaching her. Zaliek was talking to him, or so he thought … Finally he fell into a deep, dark, and dreamless sleep.
Zaliek shook his shoulder to wake him. Jina mumbled something and tried to turn over and go back to sleep but Zaliek shook him again, insistently. Jina rolled onto his back and opened his eyes. Zaliek was leaning over him, his face sombre. He asked Jina, 'How are you?'
'Much better, I think.' Jina shook his head and propped himself up on his elbows. He said, 'My head doesn't hurt so much.'
Zaliek said, 'Sorry to have to wake you.' Zaliek looked towards the door at the end of the room and murmured, 'I have something to discuss with you, confidentially.'
As Jina stood by the side of his bed getting dressed, Zaliek reached up to the window-sill and handed him something, saying, ‘Don’t forget this, deputy commander.’ It was the belt that Sharma had given him. As Jina buckled it around his waist and hitched it into a more comfortable position, running his fingers over its patterned surface, he wondered where Sharma was. He would have thought that he would have been amongst the first to see him. He said this to Zaliek, who looked uncomfortable and replied that he would tell him about Sharma once they were outside.
Zaliek supported Jina as he walked unsteadily down the passage between the beds. Jina was shaky but it felt good to be out of that bent-backed, stinking, soiled bed and on his feet again. As he made his way down the room, he looked around. By Zabrazal, this was no place to be spending time! Faces gaunt with pain and illness stared at him vacantly. The air was fetid not only with the stench of wounds and unwashed bodies but also with an atmosphere of listless hopelessness. It was as if the place had sapped the will, energy, and self-belief of its inhabitants. He muttered to Zaliek, 'I’ve got to get out of here.'
'You can leave tomorrow, so they say.'
Jina stepped outside, leaned against the door-post and breathed deeply. He felt as if a small part of his soul returned to him with every inhalation of fresh air. He said, 'Commander, I’m leaving right now. The only way they'll stop me is if they take me back by force.'
Zaliek looked him up and down and said sympathetically, 'Well, you might as well move out now. I guess it doesn't matter where you sleep tonight now that you're on the mend.' He cocked a thumb towards the interior of the hut and wrinkled his nose in distaste, observing, 'At least you'll be out of that putrid sink-hole.'
When they sat down on a bench near the door, Zaliek reached into his tunic and took out a piece of cloth from which he unwrapped a medal on a ribbon. He held it up and said, 'This belongs to you.'
'What is it?'
'It's the Order of the Defenders of Kerina. Vaxili awarded it to you.'
Jina took the medal, saying, 'Did he? I know nothing about it.' As he inspected it, he asked, 'How did you get it, commander?'
Zaliek replied, 'The parade was held yesterday. You weren't available so I received the medal on your behalf.'
'Thank you, commander. I appreciate it. But, nevertheless, I would have thought that if it was so important, Vaxili would have found time to award it to me personally. Or maybe Kainar could have handed it to me No offence meant, you understand?'
Zaliek shifted uncomfortably and said in a low voice, 'There's something that you should know: Kainar isn't the commander of the army any longer.'
'He isn't? Why not?'
Still in a low voice, Zaliek said, 'Kainar has been demoted to the level of a unit commander. It seems that he and the other senior commanders had a disagreement with Vaxili over the tactics to be used in the battle. That's why Kainar was in command while Vaxili stayed behind in Thania.'
'What? Vaxili wasn't in command of the army?' 
Zaliek shook his head. 'Like I said, he stayed behind in Thania.'
Jina whistled. This was news indeed. He asked, 'And now Vaxili has struck back by demoting Kainar?' Zaliek nodded grimly. Jina asked, 'Who's the new commander?'
Zaliek said, 'No one. It looks like Vaxili is going to do the job himself.'
Jina began to feel light-headed again and leaned back against the wall. Zaliek leaned over him and asked, 'Are you all right?' Jina nodded. Zaliek looked at him closely as if checking that he was alert enough to go on with the conversation before he said, 'We can talk about these things tomorrow, when you're stronger.'
Jina replied, 'Commander, I have the feeling that you want to tell me something. I don't want to wait until tomorrow. I’m strong enough now.'
Zaliek nodded, leaned forward, and said in a low voice, 'I’m telling you this in confidence: keep out of Vaxili's way.'
'What have I done to annoy him?'
Still speaking in a low voice, Zaliek said, 'It has to do with Sharma.'
'Well, commander, that doesn't surprise me. I've often warned Sharma to stop playing around with Mecolo but he won't listen to me. Anyway, what does that have to do with me?'
Zaliek smiled tightly. 'This time, Sharma has done a lot more than just play around with Mecolo.'
Jina groaned. Damn Sharma! Why didn't he take advice and go fishing in some other part of the sea? Jina asked, 'What has he been up to now?'
Zaliek replied in a whispered hiss, 'Sharma has eloped with Mecolo.'
'What? Is he crazy?’ The effects of the fever combined with this news made Jina feel so faint that he could have been knocked over with a fly-whisk. He got a hold of himself and asked, 'When did this happen?'
'The day before yesterday.'
'The day that the army arrived in Thania?'
Zaliek nodded and asked, 'Did you know that Sharma was planning this?'
'No. I had no idea! No idea at all!'
Zaliek said grimly, 'That's not what Vaxili thinks.'
'He's wrong! I had nothing to do with it. On the contrary, I warned Sharma to break off with Mecolo. I warned him plenty of times. I told him that he was playing with fire.'
'Well, Sharma's going to get badly burned now. In fact, he'll be lucky to escape with burns. Vaxili will hunt him down and destroy him.' Zaliek paused and then said bleakly, 'I might have to watch my back as well.'
'You, commander? What have you done?'
'You remember your mission to rescue Mecolo and the others from the Usserdite bandits?' Zaliek cleared his throat and said sympathetically, 'I’m sorry, but I have to refer to it. Well, I have a feeling that Vaxili thinks that I arranged things so that Sharma would have an opportunity to get together with Mecolo.'
'Did you, commander?'
'Don't be a fool, man! I didn't even know that there was anything between them. The adjutant ordered me to select the best men for the purpose and that's what I did.' Zaliek cleared his throat again and concluded morosely, 'That's what comes from just following orders, eh?'
Jina leaned back and thought about the matter. God, it was a mess! Vaxili, jealous of his own commanders, had struck back at them. Sharma and Mecolo were on the run, ablaze with lovers’ passion while her father was after them, ablaze with passion of a different kind. Vaxili suspected that he, Jina, was involved—in fact, the tentacles of his suspicions even reached as far as Zaliek … Where would he find a path through this wilderness of intrigue and suspicion? 
Looking ill at ease, Zaliek said, ‘It gets worse. Vaxili has declared Sharma an outlaw.'
'What!? He can't do that!'
'Maybe he can’t. But that's what he's done.'
'Only a tribal council can do that—and then there has to be a proper hearing.'
Zaliek said grimly, 'If Vaxili bothered about it at all, he would probably say that he's above all the tribal councils so he can exercise all their functions.'
'Without a hearing?' In response, Zaliek just shrugged despondently. Jina said, 'He can't do this! Even the king isn't above the law.'
Zaliek sat back and fiddled with his girdle. He started to say something, checked himself, and then coughed. He leaned forward, scratched the tip of his nose, and coughed again. Jina wasn't used to seeing the phlegmatic, down-to-earth Zaliek in such a hesitant state. Finally, Zaliek said, 'The fact is that Vaxili feels that he's threatened.'
'Threatened? But, commander, that's ridiculous! He's just won the biggest victory that any Kerinian force ever won over the Dornites. How can he feel threatened?'
Zaliek said, 'Remember, that wasn't Vaxili's victory. It was Kainar's victory.'
'But Vaxili is the commander in chief, and –' Zaliek was looking at him so intently that Jina broke off and asked, 'What's going on, commander?'
Zaliek said, 'It wasn't just that Vaxili wasn't present at the battle. The fact is that Kainar and the senior commanders took over all the planning for the campaign—tactics, strategies, logistics, everything. They excluded Vaxili completely.' Zaliek sat back and looked at him closely. He said, 'You and Sharma helped to move it along.'
'Sharma and me? What did we have to do with it?'
'You remember when the two of you met with Vaxili and Kainar, that you suggested a strategy for defeating the Dornites?'
'Yes, I remember. In fact, we saw the result just the other day, at the battle.'
Zaliek nodded. 'That's because Kainar liked what you suggested. In fact, he liked it a lot. But Vaxili didn't like it.'
'He seemed to be interested when we met with him.'
Zaliek shrugged. 'Maybe he was. But Vaxili can change his mind faster than the weather changes in autumn. That's the way he is. What's more, he doesn't accept other people's ideas easily and he doesn't like to give credit to others.' Zaliek lowered his voice and said cautiously, 'The problem is, he's insecure.'
'Insecure? I can agree with that assessment but I can’t understand it. After all, he's the king!'
'That's true. But he's never felt secure in that position.' Zaliek pursed his lips. 'For instance, who elected him to be king? Everyone knows that Izebol engineered the whole thing once he saw that he couldn't refuse the demand for a king. And now Izebol isn't happy with Vaxili. So where is Vaxili's support base? The answer is that he hardly has one at all, except maybe with his own clan. The only way he can build up wider support is by being successful. And what happens in his first battle against the Dornites? Disaster, that's what!'
Jina said, 'But if Vaxili had any sense, he would—'
Zaliek interrupted him. 'Hold it, deputy commander! Let me finish. If Vaxili was a big man, he'd know how to go out and win support. Unfortunately, he's not a big man. He's a small man who feels threatened at every turn. For example, let's consider his relationship with you and Sharma. Who gets a measure of victory out of the disaster of defeat by killing Drunuk? The two of you do. Who rescues Vaxili's daughter from the Usserdite bandits? The two of you do. Who has the idea for the attack on Asjolorm? The same, not so? Who suggests the tactics that win the second battle of Gandonda? The same again.'
'But, damn it, those were his victories as well, not to mention the fact that they were victories for the whole of Kerina.'
Zaliek shook his head morosely. 'That’s how a big man would see it. But a small man like Vaxili—no, he can’t see it that way.' Zaliek shook his head again and said, 'And then, on top of all that, who wins the affections of his beloved daughter?'
'Well, commander, at least I’m not guilty on the last count.'
'Ha! Tell that to Vaxili. He thinks that you're in league with Sharma. Anyway, never mind the finer details—you see what I’m getting at, eh?' Zaliek shrugged fatalistically. 'Vaxili is hurting and he's looking for scapegoats.' He looked around cautiously, leaned forward, and said in a low voice, 'Like I said, the real problem is that Vaxili is a small man. And the big problem with small men is that they can't give credit to others. What's worse, they end up surrounding themselves with small men so that they only hear the arse-licking opinions that suit them.'
They sat there for a while in glum silence, busy with their thoughts. Then Jina asked, 'Where is Sharma?'
Zaliek gave a short laugh. 'He's with Mecolo somewhere in Lower Kerina, I would think.'
Jina stood up and stretched, trying to get the ache out of his bones. Suddenly he felt faint and sat down in a hurry. He leaned forward, shook his head to clear it, and asked, 'What about me, commander?'
'That's a good question.' Zaliek pulled at an ear and looked at him speculatively. 'You're not on the top of Vaxili's popularity list but you're probably not in any danger. Vaxili wants Sharma, not you. My advice to you is: keep a low profile, recover your strength, and see how the wind is blowing.' Zaliek stood up and said gruffly, 'Look after yourself, deputy commander. You're a good soldier and I wouldn't want anything to happen to you. Remember to keep your head down.' He squeezed Jina’s shoulder, nodded, and left.
Jina walked into the hut, picked up his bag, and left without anybody noticing. Then he found a bungalow with a spare bed, dumped his kit, washed, and walked over to the mess hall. He was as hungry as he had ever been. 
Jina was halfway through his second plate of food when someone tapped him on his shoulder. Two men wearing light armour were standing there looking at him officiously. One of them said dourly, 'Deputy Commander Jina, you will come with us.'
Thinking that Zaliek or someone higher had summoned him, Jina replied, 'Certainly, my friend. Just let me finish his food. Why don't you sit down? I won't be more than a few minutes.'
The man put his hand on Jina’s shoulder, none too gently, and said, 'Our orders are that you are to come with us immediately.'
'What's the hurry, comrades? Surely—?'
'Immediately!' They hauled Jina to his feet and turned him towards the door. He tried to shrug them off, saying, 'All right, comrades, I don't need your help. I might have been in the sick bay but I can walk on my own.' At that, they released their grip but still shepherded him towards the door. Jina asked, 'What's going on?'
One of the men growled, 'It's not your business to ask. We're just following orders.'
The men marched him to the headquarters building where Vaxili's new adjutant, a pock-faced man who he had never met before, was waiting for him in the antechamber. He ignored Jina’s salute and said tersely, 'Deputy Commander Jina, you are under arrest.'
‘What? Under arrest? For what?'
'For colluding with the outlaw, Sharma.'
This took the wind out of Jina’s sails. He didn't know whether to protest first about the matter of collusion—whatever was meant by that—or about the unlawfulness of declaring Sharma an outlaw. As it happened, he didn't get a chance to protest about either matter. Before he could say anything, the adjutant made a dismissive gesture, as if waving away a troublesome insect, and the two men seized him.  They marched him to a building on the outskirts of the town where the guards opened the door and thrust him inside. The door thudded shut and Jina was left trying to adjust to the turn of events—from mess hall to imprisonment within five minutes—as well as to the gloom inside the building.
A voice asked warily, 'Is that you, Jina?'
Jina looked around, trying to see who was speaking. It was so gloomy in the room that he could hardly see the walls let alone any other details. Jina replied cautiously, 'Yes, it’s me, Jina. Who are you?'
The invisible speaker replied, 'I’m Drohita. Remember me?'
Of course Jina remembered Drohita. He came from a village near Osicedi and he joined the army at the same time as Jina did. In fact, they marched south together to sign up. Drohita was a quiet, studious young man who seemed out of place as a soldier. In fact, he had probably only survived as long as he had done because of his wry sense of humour. When Jina last spoke to him, a few months earlier, Drohita said that he was hoping to leave the army soon to train as a priest. And now he was shut up in this dark hole.
Another voice said, 'Greetings, my brother.'
'Abozi! Are you also here?'
'So it seems.'
'What have you done, to be here?'
'Well, brother, it seems that my crime is the same as yours, and the same as all the others here—namely, to be who I am.'
Someone called out irritably, 'We don't mind you having a family reunion but if you move another step to the right, you'll tramp on my leg. That will annoy me so I advise you to be careful where you put your feet.'
Jina backed against the wall and looked around. Now that his eyes were getting accustomed to the gloom, he could make out that there were dark shapes stretched out all over the floor. He asked, 'How many of you are in here?'
Drohita called out, 'Forty-three, if no one has escaped or died since the last time I counted.'
'How long have you men been here?'
Abozi replied, 'The first four were put in here two days ago. Since then, they've been throwing them in at regular intervals.'
Jina asked, 'What's the charge?'
Once again, there was cynical laughter from all over the room. Different voices said:
'Charge? No one told us about a charge.'
'We're here at Vaxili's pleasure.'
'Wise up, comrade, his Royal Highness Vaxili doesn't think he has to observe the law. If he takes a dislike to you, it’s curtains for you!'
Someone burst out vehemently, 'Law? Vaxili is the law—at least, that's what he thinks.'
There was a deep silence, gloomier than the dusk itself, before Abozi called out, 'Hey, Anagina, change places with me. That way I can sit next to his brother.'
There was the sound of shuffling and Jina felt the weight of a body against his right leg. A hand grasped his knee and Abozi's voice said, 'All right, Jina, there's room here. You can sit down.'
Below him to his left, a voice said, 'Do it carefully, man. I don't want you sitting on my head.'
Jina slid down the wall into a sitting position, shifted around to get as comfortable as possible on the hard-packed earthen floor, and asked, 'So not one of you knows what he's supposed to be guilty of?
There was a deep silence—so deep that he could hear the sound of the guards stamping their feet against the chill of the evening. After a while, Abozi said, 'Oh, we reckon we know what we're here for.'
'Well, let's hear it then.'
Abozi cleared his throat and said, 'It's not difficult to work out what we all have in common. Firstly, we're all from Lower Kerina. Secondly, we all have a connection with Sharma.'
‘Yes? And—?’
‘And nothing more!’
'You mean, that's it?'
'Yes. That's it.'
'But so what? Those aren't crimes. There must be something else as well.'
There was more cynical laughter by way of reply.
Abozi muttered, 'Vaxili! I despise the man. He's not a good enough soldier to defeat the Dornites so he turns on his own men instead.' 
Jina took a deep breath and replied, 'Save your feelings for later when you're free to do something about it. Meanwhile, stay calm. That's the best you can do under the circumstances.' He remembered Zaliek's injunction: 'Forget about revenge. Forget about resentment. They get in the way of clear thinking.' His words were appropriate here as well, except that they applied to a situation in which the enemy was their own supreme commander and king. 
There was a long period of brooding silence before someone muttered, 'It's going to be cold tonight. They should give us more than one blanket each, the bastards.' His words were answered by a resentful mumble of agreement.
Anagina said in a low voice, 'We should try to get out of here. Why wait to find out what they intend to do with us? By then, it'll be too late.'
Someone responded, 'We could probably get out through the roof without much trouble. This isn't a proper prison; it's just a derelict building.'
Jina replied, 'Don't be a fool, man. Where would we go? They'd have us in no time at all.'
Someone said gloomily, 'I know where I'd go, for sure. I'd go straight home. I've had enough of this damn-fool king and his damn-fool army. You give good service, you risk your life, and what do you get? I’ll tell you what—you get this! You get locked up for nothing and treated like a common criminal!’ He spat out the last words and followed them with a disgusted, ‘Pha!'
Jina said, 'Presuming you reached home, which is not very likely, they would find you there in no time.'
Someone asked gloomily, 'What do you suggest? Got any plans?'
Jina responded, 'Give me a chance. I've just arrived. But my advice is that no one should try to escape. For all we know, it could provide them with just the excuse they want.'
Someone asked, 'Excuse for what?'
Jina replied, 'An excuse to dispose of us.'
The silence that followed merged with the darkness that covered the room.
Abozi asked him quietly, ‘How are you brother?’
‘I’m fine. I’m a bit weak and wobbly, but I’m going to be all right.’
‘I visited you in hospital two days ago. It looked like you were going to die. I got those lazy female attendants to wash you, for what that was worth. Then, before I could go back to see how you were, they grabbed me and threw me into this place.’
‘Thank you. I appreciate what you did for me.’
Abozi squeezed Jina’s knee, which was about the only part of him that he could reach in their cramped positions, and muttered gruffly, ‘Good to see you, brother!’ Then he chuckled ironically and said, ‘You should be able to get all the rest that you need in here, eh?’
It was only about an hour after sunset and already the chill was beginning to seep into Jina’s limbs. Jina asked, 'Has anyone got a blanket?'
Someone said, 'Ask Denga. He's got two. Isn't that so, Denga?'
There was a muttered curse before a voice said resentfully, 'All right, here it is. Pass it to Jina.'
Jina wrapped the blanket around himself and wriggled his way down the wall, pushing his legs forward to find out how much space he had. The answer was: not much. He had to lie with his legs bent at the knees and with his shoulders hunched. The floor was hard and cold. It was going to be a long, restless, uncomfortable night. Worse still, there were likely to be many more nights like this. His thoughts were as cheerless as the darkness that covered the room.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN: THE WASTELAND   

Three months later, Jina stood at the mouth of a cave in the mountains overlooking the desert that fringed the northern parts of Lower Kerina. He took a drink from a water flask and laid out his breakfast on a flat rock. Bread, cheese and figs—it wasn't much but, in the words of the proverb, bread and cheese in freedom are much better than a four-course meal in a prison cell. Jina cut a piece of cheese, laid it on a slice of bread, and sat back to watch the sunlight seep across the plain. As always, he marvelled at how the harsh contours of the wasteland softened with the hues and shades that came with the rising sun.
When Sharma joined him, Jina nodded towards the plain and said, 'The desert has two seasons.'
'Yes, my friend, I know—sunrise and sunset.' Sharma grinned at him companionably and said, 'Bread, cheese and figs again. Isn't it time we had a change of menu?’
‘How about beefsteak with dumplings, gravy, and fresh vegetables for dinner?'
Sharma replied, 'Some new recruits should be arriving today. I hope they'll bring supplies with them.'
'Beefsteak and fresh vegetables?'
'I can't promise that. Maybe they'll only bring some more cheese and bread flour.' Sharma laid a hand on his shoulder. 'Enjoy your breakfast, comrade. I’ll see you later.'
Two weeks earlier, Jina and the others had still been prisoners in Thania. Then, without prelude, they were hustled out of their cells and were marched northwards under heavy guard. Along the way, three more groups of prisoners joined them. They were all soldiers, they had all been imprisoned at about the same time, and they were all from Lower Kerina. When the last group joined them, there were more than five hundred men in the column.
At mid-day on the second day, they arrived at a small town that lay close to the southernmost part of Lower Kerina. There they were herded into the town square and ordered to sit down. After about two hours, a messenger arrived from the south and the guard commander and a detachment of men moved to the northern edge of the square. Then, suddenly, Sharma appeared, surrounded by armed men. The prisoners set up a shout, greeting Sharma, complaining about their plight, and demanding to be released. Sharma waved at them, as if telling them to be patient. He talked to the commander of the guard, nodded, and then gestured to the lane behind him. Mecolo appeared, riding a horse and dressed resplendently in a travelling cape and a flowing gown. 
The guards freed a group of about thirty prisoners, separating them from the rest of them like a flock of sheep and driving them down the lane behind Sharma. Soon the same men returned, carrying arms, to stand at Sharma's side. Sharma nodded to Mecolo, who shook her head vehemently and drew away from him. He took hold of her horse's rein and talked to her quietly while she continued to protest. Although Mecolo looked as unhappy as Sharma was insistent, finally she yielded to Sharma's persuasion and they trotted forward to meet the commander of the guard. He took the reins and led Mecolo around the side of the square and back down the road by which the prisoners had entered the town. Mecolo sat on her horse rigidly, staring straight ahead, with her face hard-set in unhappy resentment. She didn't even look back at Sharma. 
After a few minutes, someone shouted an order and the guards withdrew. Sharma shouted, 'Comrades, you are free! You can go home!'
Once the excitement died down and they were on their way home, Sharma brought them up to date on events. After he and Mecolo eloped from Thania, they tried to live together in a hamlet near Osicedi. This arrangement didn't last for long because when the town elders heard that a detachment of soldiers was on its way to capture Sharma and Mecolo, the elders requested them to move on. Although the elders didn't like the fact that Vaxili had outlawed Sharma and they didn't like the vendetta against soldiers from Lower Kerina, they also didn't want to provoke royal anger. 
Sharma and Mecolo fled over the border to seek refuge with Durgenu, the ruler of a Dornite city-state that had good relations with a number of towns in Lower Kerina. Most importantly, Durgenu refused to join the Dornite military alliance. When Vaxili demanded that Durgenu should hand over Mecolo, Durgenu just laughed and asked whether Vaxili thought that he, Durgenu, was a vassal of Kerina. Vaxili then changed tack and sent messengers to negotiate directly with Sharma. Finally, an agreement was reached: Mecolo would be returned to her father if Vaxili released all of his prisoners who came from Lower Kerina. The result was that the prisoners were on their way home as free men while a reluctant Mecolo was being returned to her father.
While Sharma was telling Jina the story of how he made a deal with Vaxili and why he felt compelled to do so, his face looked as if it was covered by a thundercloud. Sharma concluded by crying in an agonised voice, ‘She's carrying our child.' What could Jina say? He laid a hand on Sharma's arm, while Sharma said bitterly, 'I will never forgive Vaxili for this! Never!'
Within a few weeks, Sharma had even more cause to be bitter. Vaxili announced that Mecolo's marriage to Sharma had been dissolved and that Mecolo was going marry someone called Thuxto. In so doing, Vaxili piled insult upon insult. Firstly, Vaxili had no right to annul a marriage. Only the high priest could do that. Secondly, Thuxto was a disreputable non-entity, an elderly widower who worked in the forge at Thania by day and was a notorious frequenter of taverns by night.
After hearing Sharma’s story, surrounded by the chatter of men who were free at last and were excited at the prospect of seeing their homes for the first time in many months, Jina thought sombrely that probably not one of their companions knew the real extent of the price that had been paid for their freedom.
Abozi joined them and observed grimly, 'Vaxili won't leave us alone, comrades. We will be hunted like outlaws in our own land.'
Sharma said quietly, 'You're right, comrade. Vaxili will never leave us in peace. We will have to defend ourselves.' He nodded grimly and continued, 'The kingdom is dead. Vaxili has killed it.' 
Abozi cursed and said, 'Whatever the future holds, one thing is for sure—I’m not going back into one of Vaxili's prison cells. I'll die before I allow that to happen.'
Sharma burst out, 'Damn Vaxili! He could have had the whole of Kerina behind him. Now it's worse than it was before. Damn him!'
Jina said, 'He's a small man'
'Then curse him for taking on a task that he can't handle!'
Sharma addressed their companions before they dispersed to their home towns. He told them that Vaxili would never leave them in peace and invited them to join him in the mountains of the wilderness where they could defend themselves. The offer produced a divided response: some of the men responded to the invitation, while others were reluctant to do so. They thought naively that Vaxili would forget about them now that they were free. However, it wasn't long before they learned that they were wrong.
Soon after they reached Osicedi, the town elders asked Jina, Sharma, and Abozi to meet with them. It was a sombre gathering. In the first place, the elders were enraged at the fact that Vaxili had insulted Lower Kerina by imprisoning so many of its sons. They said frankly that Vaxili had destroyed the dream of the united Kingdom of Kerina. Furthermore, they agreed that Vaxili would soon be hunting for his former prisoners. Everyone at the meeting knew what had to be done, namely that the former prisoners had to leave Osicedi as soon as possible. 
Next day, before Jina, Sharma, and the others left town, one of the elders quietly gave them a wallet. He said, 'Sons, don't let anyone know who gave this to you and don't ask where it comes from. It's better that no one should know.' Later, they learned that the money came from the town treasury. Much later, when they were established in Oridrin, they were able to repay the money as unobtrusively as they received it. 
As soon as they found a base in the mountains, they used the money to buy arms from Durgenu. At first, the outlaw band consisted of only about twenty-five men, all from Osicedi. However, during the days that followed their numbers swelled as former prisoners streamed in from towns all over Lower Kerina. The elders' councils had been talking to each other and most of them agreed that their towns would be targets for Vaxili's vengeance as long as they harboured his former prisoners. Some of the councils shrugged off the threat, thinking that the danger was exaggerated. However, soon enough, when Vaxili's men began raiding the towns and villages of Lower Kerina, they regretted that they had done so.
When a messenger from Vaxili arrived a few days later, demanding that Jina and Sharma should be handed over, the elders of Osicedi could say truthfully that they didn't know where they were. To this rebuff, the messenger replied ominously that they would soon be hearing from Vaxili. Five days later, a detachment of about two hundred of Vaxili’s troops arrived in Osicedi. They set up a cordon around the town and began a house-to-house search. When they found no one, they assembled all the inhabitants in the town square and demanded to know where the former prisoners were, and Sharma in particular. Finding that no one would give them any information, they dragged Sharma's father onto a table and, in front of the whole town they stripped him naked. This was an insult so terrible that it was almost unimaginable. However, Vaxili's men weren't content with that. With sword points pressed into the old man's back, they ordered him to stand motionless facing his fellow townspeople. Next they ordered everyone—every man, woman and child—to walk past him and to spit at his genitals. When Sharma's mother and brothers refused, they seized Sharma's youngest brother and threatened to pull out his fingernails at the rate of one fingernail for every refusal. When the family again refused, the soldiers pulled out the first fingernail. Sharma's mother rushed at the sword of the nearest soldier and threw herself forward with such force that the sword passed right through her body. Mercifully, she died instantly. Sharma's father collapsed in a coma, falling off the table and striking his head on the cobbles. He died two days later without regaining consciousness.
Sharma nearly went mad when he heard the news. His grief was so acute that Jina had to hold him down to prevent him from dashing his forehead against a rock. Later, when Sharma calmed down a little, more from nervous exhaustion than from any other cause, Jina made him walk with him in the desert, which was silver and luminous under the full moon. Zaliek's words kept running through Jina’s head: 'Forget about revenge. Forget about resentment. They get in the way of clear thinking.’ However, he couldn't speak those words to Sharma. True as the words were, profound as they were, they were small and hopeless when set against what Sharma was suffering. And so they just walked and walked, their boots crunching in the soft gravel of the upland plain, their shapes tiny against the darkly mercurial expanse of the wasteland.
After a long time, somewhere far out on the plain Sharma turned to Jina and cried, 'I cannot take it any longer.' He hurled himself onto the ground and, lying on his back, thrashed like a man with a convulsive fever. Jina threw himself across Sharma’s chest, fearing that he would injure himself and also because he was terrified of the passion that energised Sharma’s thrashing, writhing form. Jina pressed down onto Sharma saying urgent things to him—soothing words, comforting words, words of dumb and hopeless consolation—while Sharma howled and thrashed under him.
Much later, they headed back towards their base. Stumbling like a man recovering from a fever, Sharma asked weakly, 'Jina, Jina, what is to be done?'
Jina replied with more confidence than he felt, 'We have to pick ourselves up, consolidate, and then start climbing again.'
'Climb? You think so? Climb? I don't have the heart to do anything at all.' Sharma stopped and sat down with his legs crossed, his arms folded across his chest, and his head drooping. Rocking backwards and forwards, he cried out, 'I want to die! I want to die right here! Leave me, Jina. I can't go on.'
Jina kneeled next to him and, with his arms around Sharma’s shoulders, tried to comfort and soothe him. Jina said something about having courage, something about how all things pass, even the most terrible and vile atrocities, and something about how they would be victorious if only they could pass this test. While Jina was murmuring these inadequate words, Sharma began to sob. Jina took him in his arms and held him tight with his head pressed to his chest, caressing him and murmuring more helpless words. Sharma’s cries subsided gradually and, as he leaned back on his elbows, he looked at Jina, his face taut and wretched, tears glinting in the moonlight. Sharma said in a strangled voice, 'It's all gone, Jina. It's gone. It's gone.'
'Have courage, Sharma.'
'My parents are dead! The kingdom is dead! Mecolo and our child have been taken from me! We are hunted like animals!' Sharma cried out again, 'It's all gone, Jina.'
'Courage, Sharma, courage.'
'Courage! I can't even face tomorrow. I would rather die. Courage, you say?' Sharma lay back, outstretched on the ground, while Jina hunched next to him, guarding against any desperate move that Sharma might make. Gradually Sharma’s breathing became easier and more regular and Jina thought that he had fallen asleep. However, after about ten minutes Sharma asked in a tight but steady voice, 'Dana said that the clouds ask the questions, didn't she?'
'Yes, she did.'
'Do you see any clouds up there?' Jina shook his head. Sharma said shakily, 'We'll have to ask the questions ourselves, won't we?' He sat up with his arms around his legs and his chin resting on his knee. He asked, 'What are the questions, Jina?'
Jina said, 'That's easy to answer, Sharma.'
'Is it? Tell me?'
'There's only one question that concerns us right now.'
'What is it?'
'It's simple—how do we survive? In time, there might be other questions but right now there’s only one.'
Sharma muttered, 'You'll have to answer the question for me, Jina. I’m useless. Do you hear me? I’m useless! I’m useless, I say—useless!'
When they got back to their base just before dawn, Jina took over command while Sharma slept all of that day and half of the next. After that, Sharma was alert and refreshed and, as he resumed his daily duties, it looked as if he had weathered the crisis.  However, the corners of his mouth were tight and there was a sharp wariness in his eyes that never left him for the rest of his life. Also, those who knew Sharma well, like Jina, could see that something had died in him while something new—something harder, heavier, and blunter—had emerged from his crisis. Jina noticed something else, as well: Sharma had shut the door on the events of that night under the desert sky. Shut the door? It would be more correct to say that he had obliterated them. He never again referred to his desperate despair, and in all the time that Jina knew him after that, Sharma never again mentioned his parents. 
By now Lower Kerina was in an uproar. Vaxili responded by establishing garrisons in the major towns of the region. To do so, he had to increase the size of his army. This inflated his expenses so he levied a farther tax on Lower Kerina. He called it a Home Security Tax, saying that the inhabitants of Lower Kerina would appreciate the fact that they were being provided with better protection against the bandits and desperadoes who had evaded royal justice. Of course, this measure only increased resentment and opposition throughout Lower Kerina. Within a month, Jina and Sharma had a force of nearly five hundred men. Most of them were former soldiers, either former prisoners or men who fled from the army to escape Vaxili's vendetta.
Secure in their base in the mountains, they harassed Vaxili's forces’ supply lines and launched attacks on garrisons and outposts. They had the advantage and they enjoyed success. Their men moved easily and openly through a friendly countryside gathering supplies and information wherever they went, while Vaxili's forces occupied isolated islands in a sea of hostility.
Sharma took the moral high ground right from the start when he ordered that captives should not be harmed. Instead, he ordered that they should be disarmed, escorted as close to the border with Upper Kerina as possible, and set free. Many of their men, enraged at what they and their families had suffered, vehemently disagreed with this practice. However, Sharma refused to rescind his order. He explained, firstly, that Vaxili's soldiers were their compatriots who were also victims of Vaxili's weaknesses and phobias. Secondly, the practice would encourage their adversaries to surrender more quickly, rather than to continue fighting out of sheer desperation. Finally, leniency on their side would result in the occupying forces treating civilians less harshly.
After one meeting at which Sharma patiently explained the policy to a group of disgruntled men, Abozi rubbed his chin and said to Jina quietly, 'But there's more to it than that, isn't there, comrade brother?'
'You think so?'
Abozi winked at him and murmured, ‘One day the kingdom might be re-united, don’t you think?'
'That would be a desirable outcome.'
'And are you telling him that you've never considered the possibility that Sharma might be involved when that day comes?'
Jina replied, 'Well, that would be a step-up for Sharma, wouldn’t it?'
Abozi scratched his nose thoughtfully and, looking at Jina keenly, replied, 'And a step-up for some others too, no doubt.' Then, even-voiced, he continued, 'If that happened, then a reputation for leniency would count in Sharma's favour, wouldn't it?'
'No doubt it would.' Jina put a hand on Abozi's shoulder and said, 'Why, brother, who knows what the future might bring?'
Abozi replied stolidly, ‘Indeed, who knows?’
Once Vaxili's troops heard that they would be treated leniently if they surrendered, they turned themselves over to the rebels in droves. Most of them didn't have the stomach for occupying Kerinian towns and fighting their compatriots and were only too pleased to be returned to Upper Kerina safe and free. In fact, the troops surrendered at such a rate that within two months, Jina and Sharma had cleared away most of the garrisons and outposts in the north. 
Of course, Vaxili couldn’t stand by idly while he lost ground hand over fist in Lower Kerina. He countered by announcing that soldiers who surrendered would be court-martialled, and he was as good as his word. Within a few days, fifty returning soldiers were court-martialled and were sentenced to be indentured for twenty years to the King of Kitilat, where they would serve in the royal salt mines. After that, the rebels met fiercer resistance. However, Vaxili's oppressive tactic also worked against him because many of the soldiers, particularly those who did not come from Orifinre, chose to surrender and join the rebel force.
Jina knew of only one prisoner of war who wasn’t treated leniently. One afternoon, a detachment of their men arrived with a captured unit commander whose men, when ambushed on the open road near Osicedi, had cheerfully laid down their arms. Only the commander offered resistance, so much so that he was wounded twice before he was overpowered. Pushing and shoving their captive, their men demanded to see Sharma. At first Sharma asked irritably why they hadn't either released their captive or offered him the chance to join them. However, he soon found out why this particular captive had been given special treatment.
‘Don’t you know this man, Commander Sharma?’
‘No. Why should I know him?’
There was an apprehensive pause before someone shouted, ‘Ask the bastard what he did to your father!’
Sharma's eyes narrowed and the flecks in his eyes glowed like coals. He asked the captive, 'Is this true?'
The man writhed on the ground, begging for mercy and forgiveness. It was pathetic, but no one felt any more sympathy for him than they would have for a sacrificial fowl or goat. He had committed a blood crime and he was already as good as dead.
Sharma's eyes narrowed even further as he said in a steel-cold voice, 'We will not be lenient with him. Punish him as the law prescribes.'
Someone shouted, 'No, commander. First let him suffer as your father suffered. After that, the law can take its course.'
Sharma lifted the man's chin with the toe of his boot. While the man cried out for mercy, Sharma looked down at him dispassionately, shook his head, and growled, 'As the law requires! No more and no less! Take him away.' He shrugged and looked down at the man with hard eyes.
While their men dragged the captive away, Sharma called after them, ‘No more and no less than the law requires! We are not savages. You hear me?’ 
When the men came back without their captive about half an hour later, they were sombre and subdued. No one enquired how the man had died.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN: THE FUTURE KING

When Vaxili finally did march northwards, he came with an army of almost two thousand men. He re-established the garrisons that had been eliminated and then began to move towards the rebel base in the mountains. Along the way, out of pure vindictiveness, he sacked Osicedi. Fortunately most of the townspeople got away before the attack and sought refuge with the rebels. However, even as Jina and Sharma welcomed their friends and family members, they sighed inwardly at the thought that now they not only had to contend with a superior force but also had to deal with destitute refugees.
What was to be done? They couldn't feed the refugees properly, they couldn't take them with them when they manoeuvred against the enemy, and they couldn't abandon them. Finally, they applied to Durgenu for assistance. Ever the obliging businessman, Durgenu agreed to a deal by which he would care for the refugees for six months, deferring payment for two years at an agreed rate of interest. 
Jina and Abozi suffered a personal misfortune when their father died during the trek from Osicedi to the mountains. Their mother told them that their father lingered on a hillside, watching Vaxili's soldiers enter the town, and only turned his back on Osicedi after he saw their house, workshop, and warehouse going up in flames. Then their parents turned and trudged along in the wake of the rest of the refugees with their father going at an ever-slower pace until finally, in the heat of mid-afternoon, he sat down under a tree complaining that he was feeling tired. While their mother was reaching into a pack for a water container, she heard a loud sigh. She turned around and saw that their father had toppled onto the ground. Their mother tried to pull him back into a sitting position but he just sighed once more, very faintly, and then died.
Their mother was strangely calm while she was telling them the story. She concluded by saying reflectively, 'It is the way of the world. Husbands usually go before wives, and parents usually go before children. I will mourn for your father and my life will never be the same again; but I will have the consolation of his memories.'
Abozi said fiercely, 'You would have had a longer life together if it wasn't for Vaxili.'
Their mother was still very calm. She said, 'Be thankful that your father is at peace now. Vaxili has to live with the consequences of his actions. Pity him, that he has travelled so far into the wilderness of his own making that it is unlikely that he can ever turn back to find a place of peace.'
Abozi was still incensed. He said, 'We'll see to it that he never escapes from this wilderness, either. We'll make it his graveyard.'
Their mother drew Abozi to her and held his head against her breast as if he was a child again. She said, 'Leave it to Zabrazal to punish Vaxili. Free your heart of vengeance or you will be as desolate as Vaxili.' She sat forward and said, ‘I can bear the loss because your father and I were coming to the end of our road together. But I don't know if I can bear to see one of you, or worse still both of you, die before me.'
Jina said, as gently as he could, 'We are soldiers, mother.'
She sighed heavily. 'I know. Every day I fear for you in more ways than I can tell.'
When Sharma heard what had happened to their father, he called Jina and Abozi aside and said, 'I want both of you to lead the unit that escorts our people to Durgenu.'
Jina and Abozi protested at being assigned to such a peripheral task when action against the enemy was imminent, but Sharma just looked at them impassively and replied, 'I am your commander. You will do as I say.'
Jina said heatedly, 'Sharma, we do appreciate why you're doing this, but—'
Sharma cut him short, saying firmly, 'You will do as I say. When you have completed the task, hurry back. I can assure you that you won't be short of action.' When they left Sharma, he said gently, 'Look after your mother. Take care of her for me as well.'
As they left the cave that served as Sharma's headquarters, a woman brushed past them on her way in. Most of her face was covered with a shawl and she was wearing a long cloak that concealed her figure. She murmured a greeting and hurried past them. Jina didn't pay much attention to her but after a few steps, recognition stirred in the back of his mind. He asked Abozi, 'Don't I know that woman?'
Abozi replied, 'You should know her. That's Roda.'
Jina stopped and looked back, halted in his tracks by the implications of what he was thinking. He asked, 'By Zabrazal, Sharma wouldn't be such a fool, would he?'
Abozi replied, 'If that's what you think, my dear brother, then you don't know your friend Sharma as well as you think you do.'
By this time Jina knew that when it came to women, Sharma could be a great fool. In all other aspects of his life, Sharma was orderly and far-seeing. He never undertook a venture until he had assessed all the risks and had investigated all the possibilities. He was like a chess player who could see ten moves ahead while other players could only calculate the consequences of the next one or two future moves. But with women, Sharma was just the opposite. With them, he seemed to court danger and uncertainty. After being closely acquainted with Sharma for many years, and after sharing both hardship and affluence with him, as well as disasters and triumphs, Jina could only conclude that Sharma's relationships with his women revealed a deep and subterranean stratum of his personality. The patient, stalking Sharma was also the Sharma who quivered with passion and rejoiced in his heedlessness as he leaped into the snare of a beautiful woman. It was a paradox—but it was true.
Jina and Abozi obeyed Sharma's orders and escorted the refugees to safety in Durgenu's territory. As they left the oasis, a man riding a donkey called to Jina. It was Aggam. Jina hadn't seen him for a long time, perhaps ten or twelve years, but Aggam looked the same as ever. His lean face still had the same sardonic, supercilious expression and in spite of his age he still had the rigid bearing of a soldier on parade. Aggam waved a stick at him—it looked like the same old Corrector—and called out, 'So, you see that I was right.'
Jina asked. 'How so?' Aggam glared at him with narrowed eyes. Old habits asserted themselves and Jina corrected followed up by saying, 'How so, teacher?'
'How so? Didn't I always say that Kerina should not have a king? Didn't I always say that Zabrazal is the only leader that Kerina ever needed?' Aggam waved his stick around and sneered. 'You see how things have turned out? Everywhere, we can see the consequences of disobedience – ha!'
Jina said, 'Perhaps it is the fault of the priests.'
‘The fault of the priests! What a foolish idea! How could that be? Explain yourself!'
'It was the High Priest who anointed Vaxili as king.'
'Ha! But it was the people who rebelled against the High Priest and demanded a king.' Aggam's lips curled contemptuously around the word 'people'.
Jina didn’t want to continue the conversation. His schooldays were far behind him and this renewed acquaintance with Aggam revived unpleasant memories. As for Zabrazal, priests, and kings—well, only Zabrazal knew what was in Zabrazal's mind and Jina was getting tired of trying to understand the thoughts of an inscrutable god. Nor was he any more interested in finding out what a sour old fool like Aggam thought about the matter. Jina turned and walked away, saying, 'I wish you a safe journey, teacher.'
Aggam called after him, 'You will see that I am right. This business of the kingdom will do nobody any good.'
Jina never saw Aggam again. He heard that Aggam became a tutor to the children of some of Durgenu's officials and, about five years later, died peacefully in his sleep—which, in Jina’s opinion, was better than the old miscreant deserved.
When Durgenu learned that Jina was Sharma's deputy commander, he provided Jina’s mother with an apartment within his palace. Durgenu made light of his kindness, saying genially, 'It is self-interest, dear friend, nothing but self-interest. One day Sharma will be a great man in Kerina and you will be at his right hand. Then I will be repaid many times over for my kindness, not so?'  Durgenu guffawed and slapped Jina’s back, saying, 'My friend, make sure that you tell Sharma what I have done. What use is an act of self-interest if no one knows about it?' 
Jina and Abozi hurried back to their base where that found that Sharma had moved their men to the southern edges of the mountain to face Vaxili's force. As they were leaving the base to join them, Roda appeared out of Sharma's personal quarters. Roda! Jina’s heart sank. Damn it, so Sharma really had taken up with her again! Roda greeted him curtly—they had been on cool terms ever since he had done Sharma a service at her expense—and asked superciliously, ‘What, Jina, not at the frontline with Sharma?’
Jina replied, ‘I have my duties!’ Then he pushed past her, not wanting to be diverted by someone who could only bring him trouble.
She called after him, ‘Where are you going, if I may ask?’
Jina stopped and said, ‘Now that you’ve reminded me of my duties, I’m going to leave for the frontline as soon as I’ve had a meal and got my kit together.’
Roda’s eyes flickered as if she wanted something but didn’t know how to ask. Then she put out her hand, dangling a bracelet, saying, 'Please give this to Sharma. Tell him that I’m thinking of him and waiting to greet him with a hero's welcome when he returns.' She said the word 'greet' with such an accent of insinuation that Jina bridled. He refused to take the bracelet, saying, 'Sharma will have more things on his mind than trinkets.'
Roda looked him up and down, put her face close to his, and hissed, 'Who are you to say what is on Sharma's mind?'
'I am his deputy commander. By Zabrazal, how can you concern yourself with ornaments when we are all in deadly danger?'
Roda looked him in the eye defiantly and replied, 'If you know what is good for you, you will give this to Sharma.'
Abozi snatched the bracelet from Roda, saying impatiently, 'We'll take the damn thing to Sharma.' To Jina, he said, 'Let's go, brother. We're wasting time.' He snorted and stalked away.
When Jina caught up with Abozi, he asked, 'Why did you do that? Can't you see that she's nothing but a packet of trouble?'
Abozi replied, 'Then let's not look for more trouble over such a small thing.' He dropped the bracelet into Jina’s pack, saying, 'Don't be so stubborn, man. Give it to Sharma and then forget about it.'
Jina and Abozi found their men ranged along the southern edge of the central massif while Vaxili's army was camped in a valley about half a day's march away. Sharma took them up to a vantage point and outlined the situation, saying, 'It's a stalemate. Vaxili won't advance into the mountains and we can't meet him in a regular battle.'
Jina observed, 'The question is: Who can play the waiting game the longest?'
Sharma grunted and swept his arm across the plain. He observed, 'Vaxili has the advantage. He's cut our supply lines. The only way that we can access supplies without risk is by getting them from Durgenu.'
Abozi said, 'We don't have much time and we don't have enough money. We're deep enough in debt to that Dornite shopkeeper as it is.'
Sharma scratched his chin and looked at them shrewdly. He said, ‘Sometimes it is good not to have options. That way, the course of action is clear. This is the time to strike.'
Sharma's plan was simple. They would attack Vaxili's camp two nights later when the waxing moon would provide just enough light to see by. Some of their men would create a diversion at the head of the valley, while other detachments on both sides of the valley would hurl fire-pots into the camp. A further detachment would be sited at the entrance to the valley to cut off any soldiers who fled from the camp.
On the evening of the attack, Jina and Sharma went forward to a place from where  they could overlook the valley and review the plan for the attack. As the sun dropped below the horizon and Sharma turned to leave, Jina asked him, 'What do the omens say?'
Sharma gave him a look that was a mixture of surprise and disdain, as if he was hauling up an obscure incident from a discredited past. He grunted, 'Omens, eh? Ask a priest if you can find one.'
'You're going ahead without consulting the omens?'
Sharma put his hands on his hips and faced Jina squarely. He said, 'I don't want to hear any more talk of omens. Hear me, and hear me well, Jina—no more talk of omens!'
'But if the men—'
'The men will go where we lead them. That's what we expect of them and that's what we know they will do.' Sharma looked hard at Jina and said pointedly, 'And that's what I expect of my commanders as well.' He turned and stalked off towards the camp. After a few minutes, he stopped and said fiercely, 'Where was Zabrazal when my father was humiliated to the point of death? Where was Zabrazal when my mother killed herself rather than live with her shame? And, come to that, where was Zabrazal when your father died helpless and exposed out there in the wilderness? And when Dana—' He slammed a fist against his chest like a wrestler issuing a challenge and expostulated, 'Zabrazal the Merciful! Zabrazal the Defender of Kerina!’ Sharma spat into the dirt contemptuously and then ground the spot with the heel of a boot. ‘Ha! I tell you, Jina, from now on Zabrazal is no concern of mine. You hear me? I say—no concern of mine!' 
By now they had reached the top of a ridge from which they could see the higher slopes to which they were heading. The slopes were darkly turquoise in the twilight, solid shapes that bulked against the great background of the evening sky. Sharma stopped and swept his arm around, saying, ‘You see these mountains? They are ours because we have made them ours.' He pointed towards Osicedi. 'You see all that land down there? Tomorrow it will be ours once more because we will have taken it, just like we’ve taken this place.' Sharma's voice now had a grating edge to it. 'You know what lies down there, Jina—my brother's grave, my parents' graves, your father's grave … and over there—‘Sharma pointed due south. ‘Over there lies Dana, dead to no purpose—do I have to continue? No, I think not. And whose lives have been affected because of those deaths? Our lives or Zabrazal's life? Ha! You know the answer as well as I do.' Sharma slammed a fist against his chest again and cried, 'Kerina is my concern, Kerina is the concern of all of us—and Kerina is what we will make of it, not what a bunch of lying, self-serving priests say it could or should be.'
At first Sharma's words were like a slap across Jina’s face. He felt as if something deep within him had been torn loose from its foundations. Then, as they entered the camp and were surrounded by the commonplace of their existence—the fires, the women preparing the meals, the laughter of children, the low voices of the men as they prepared their equipment—he thought, ‘Yes, Zabrazal, where are you in all of this?’ As always, he didn't have the answer. However, now for the first time, he knew with certainty that the question was fruitless because it never would be answered. What was the point of crying for the moon, especially when a thousand earlier cries had produced no result? Sharma was right: Kerina was what they would make of it—and they alone, together with the resources at their disposal. They didn’t have the time or the resources to wait for an inscrutable god to make himself known to them.
The attack on Vaxili’s encampment was even more successful than they hoped it would be. To start with, more than half of the fire-pots found their marks, causing fires all over Vaxili’s camp. At the same time, after raising a thunderous noise by shouting, beating their shields, shaking rattles and blowing trumpets and whistles, their men advanced on the camp in line abreast. They were able to move a long way into the camp, driving the opposition before them, until they had to halt because of the fires and because of the resistance that they were meeting. At that moment, other detachments of their men swept down from the sides of the valley with a great clamour, causing further panic amongst the enemy soldiers and driving them down the valley. 
The second part of the plan also worked to perfection. At sunrise, while Vaxili and those who remained were trying to sort out the wreckage in their camp, their men attacked from the places where they had lain concealed. There was some vigorous resistance, especially from Vaxili's royal guard, but most of the enemy soldiers surrendered quite tamely, not only because they were caught in a vice but also because they had heard that prisoners would be treated leniently.
Vaxili fought with almost unnatural vigour until he was overwhelmed by force of numbers and captured. His captors began to slap him around, taunting him, but Sharma stopped them, saying, 'He is the king. Treat him with the respect that the King of Kerina deserves.'
Jina and Abozi raised their eyebrows at each other. Jina could see that they were thinking the same thing. After all that Sharma had suffered at the hands of Vaxili, not to mention what Lower Kerina had suffered, they and almost everyone else thought that courteous treatment was a lot more than Vaxili deserved.
Before they set the prisoners to work cleaning up the camp so that they could use it as a temporary base, Sharma addressed them, telling them that they were all Kerinians and urging them not to make war on their compatriots in future. He also recounted the indignities that Lower Kerina had suffered at the hands of Vaxili and appealed to people in Upper Kerina to understand that their compatriots were justified in resisting oppression. Then, after the prisoners had done their work, they were marched southwards and released at a spot that was close to the border with Upper Kerina.
That evening, Sharma brought Vaxili before his commanders. Sharma treated Vaxili deferentially, calling him 'Your Majesty' and making sure that he was comfortably seated and waited on by his own attendants. When Sharma began by making a speech similar to the one that he made earlier that day, outlining the indignities and atrocities from which the people of Lower Kerina had suffered, Vaxili listened impassively, only occasionally showing signs of impatience and annoyance. However, when Sharma finished, Vaxili rose to his feet, his hands at his sides like a soldier on parade, and cried, 'I demand to be released. I am your king. You may not make a prisoner of your king.'
Sharma said mildly, 'Your majesty, it would be better if we could conduct this conversation in an orderly manner. Please be seated.' For a moment it looked as if Vaxili was going to refuse. Then he threw himself into his chair, sighing in an exaggerated manner and puffing out his cheeks impatiently. Sharma said, 'Thank you, your majesty. Now, allow me to explain that you are not a prisoner. You are merely being kept in protective custody for your own safety.'
Vaxili jabbed a finger at Sharma and roared, 'Protective custody! My own safety! I don't need any assistance from you, you womanising toad!'
Whatever Jina thought about Vaxili’s many shortcomings, he had to admit that Vaxili didn't lack personal courage. Mind you, perhaps it wasn’t really courage; perhaps it was just that Vaxili was short of a few measures of intelligence. Whatever the case, bluster and bravado didn’t do his case much good. By the time that Vaxili had finished insulting Sharma and the gathering at large, most of the commanders would happily have strung him up immediately if Sharma had not intervened by announcing that Vaxili would be released as soon as all the garrisons withdrew from Lower Kerina.
After the meeting, Jina asked Sharma bluntly, 'Why should we let him go?'
Sharma replied, 'Because he is the king.'
'He's also a devious scoundrel. Look at what he's done to you alone, let alone to thousands of other people!'
Sharma replied obdurately, 'He is the anointed king. He’s a weak man, more’s the pity, but that doesn't change the fact that he is the King of Kerina.' Seeing the look on Jina’s face, Sharma smiled ironically and said half-teasingly, 'What was it that Zaliek used to teach us? "Forget about revenge. Forget about resentment. They get in the way of clear thinking." Isn't that what Zaliek used to say?' Jina nodded. Sharma clapped him on a shoulder and cried, 'Well, let's apply those words to our present situation, eh, man?’ 
Jina couldn't stop himself from saying, 'You said that you could never forgive Vaxili!'
Sharma's voice hardened as he replied, 'That is still true. I will never forget what he has done.' Then he said almost pleadingly, 'But, Jina, surely you see that we must distinguish between Vaxili the man and Vaxili the king, for the good of the nation.'
Jina cried in real frustration, 'What is the distinction?'
Sharma replied, 'That's a good question, my friend. I don't have a complete answer. But I do know that if we harm Vaxili now, then we will do violence to Vaxili the king—and by so doing, we will do farther harm to the fabric of the kingdom.'
Later, Jina heard a rumour that Sharma told Vaxili privately that the price of his freedom also included allowing Mecolo to return to Sharma, at which Vaxili declared that he would rather die than acquiesce to such a demand. Perhaps it was true. Jina never asked him about the matter, and Sharma never discussed the matter with him. In any event, Vaxili got his freedom about one week later when all of his garrisons had withdrawn from Lower Kerina.
Jina and Sharma left a detachment to guard the camp and went back to their mountain base to move out their supplies and equipment. As they rode back to the base, Jina thought with satisfaction that now they had their feet back on the rungs of the ladder. They were climbing again. He didn't know where the ladder was leading them but, at least, they were on the move upwards. 
When they reached the base, Roda came running to meet Sharma and welcomed him by throwing her arms around him, calling out that he was a victor and a hero. Jina was standing just behind Sharma while Roda embraced him and, over his shoulder, she gave him a glance that was both defiant and provocative. Then, her body moulded against Sharma’s, she tilted her head and asked, 'My lord, did you wear my bracelet into battle and did it bring you good fortune?' Of course, Sharma asked, 'Which bracelet?' and of course Roda replied, 'The one that I asked Jina to give to you.'
Holding Roda around the waist, Sharma asked Jina, 'Do you know about this bracelet, Jina?'
Jina hauled it out of his pack, saying, 'Here it is.'
Sharma's face darkened. He snatched it from Jina, put it onto his wrist, and turned away without another word. Later, he asked Jina privately, 'Why didn't you give the bracelet to me before the battle?'
Jina replied, 'There was so much going on that I forgot about it. That’s the truth. But, in any case, what was a bracelet compared to planning and launching an attack on Vaxili’s camp?'
Sharma said angrily, 'You should have remembered the bracelet! It was important to me.'
'Damn it, Sharma, it's only a bracelet, and a cheap one at that! Why are you making such an almighty fuss about such a small thing?'
Sharma glared at him and growled, 'It was important to Roda. You have caused her distress.'
Jina muttered an apology through gritted teeth. Sharma glared at him again and stalked away—to comfort the discomfited Roda, Jina supposed. Jina shook his head and thought morosely that while all of them were celebrating their victory over Vaxili, there was a woman not far away who was celebrating her victory over Sharma.
Within a week, Jina and Sharma met with a congregation of all the elders' councils in Lower Kerina to plan for the immediate future. The meeting decided to establish a protected border between Upper and Lower Kerina but after heated debate, at Sharma's insistence the delegates also affirmed their allegiance to Vaxili as king. They also affirmed allegiance to the Kingdom of Kerina. The meeting also appointed Sharma and Jina as commander and deputy commander of the army, respectively. 
After the meeting, Jina and Sharma moved their main base to Oridrin, a town that was centrally situated and close to the border with Upper Kerina. There, with the financial and material support that was channelled through the elders' councils, and by means of Durgenu's trade contacts, they were able to triple the size of their force as well as to outfit it adequately. 
This was a strange and paradoxical period. Lower Kerina had effectively seceded, virtually forming a state within a state, making laws, raising taxes, and maintaining an army, while at the same time it proclaimed its allegiance to the wider kingdom and to its ruler. While Jina thought that Lower Kerina should have seceded, Sharma always maintained that the arrangement was for the eventual good of the kingdom. He asked Jina, 'Do you remember how we sat on the hills outside Osicedi and talked about a prophecy of the oracle at Osighina?' Jina nodded. Sharma quoted the words: 'Kerina only shall be free, when land and people meet the sea.’ Then he asked Jina gently, 'Do you still believe it to be true?'
'I do.'
Sharma said, 'Well, Jina, believe me, the prophecy will never be fulfilled unless we have a united kingdom of Kerina.'
Jina asked sceptically, 'Do you think what we're doing now is going to serve the cause of the united kingdom?'
Sharma said firmly, 'I do!' Quoting a well known proverb, he said, 'A path may wind, but its destination is fixed.'
About a year later, something happened that straightened out the path and brought the destination much closer. Although it happened without warning and it was over within half an hour, it had a profound effect on the future. One day, a procession consisting of twelve men riding on donkeys arrived at their headquarters in Oridrin. In spite of the heat, five of the men were covered from head to foot in cloaks and veils with only their eyes showing through narrow slits. They reminded Jina of the nomads of the dune desert in the distant west, except that the nomads rode camels, not plodding donkeys. The rest of the men in the party were servants and guards and were dressed more conventionally.
While the veiled men dismounted, one of the servants hurried into the building. He returned within a few minutes and, after speaking deferentially to the men, escorted them inside. Fifteen minutes later, Sharma summoned Jina to the council chamber. When Jina entered the room, he was amazed to see Izebol there, dressed in his full regalia as high priest. Jina put out his hand and, as he kneeled and kissed the high priest’s ring, Izebol said, 'Ah! The honest Jina! You are still the scourge of your enemies, so I hear.'
Jina murmured, 'Your honour, I do what I can.' 
Izebol looked at him quizzically and asked, ‘You are also the scourge of the enemies of Kerina?’
‘I will always serve Kerina when I am able to, your honour.’
Izebol pursed his lips and narrowed his eyes thoughtfully but said nothing. Then he put out his hand and raised Jina to his feet while looking at Sharma expectantly. Sharma said in an unsteady voice, 'Jina, I want you to be a witness.'
'A witness? To what?'
Izebol stepped forward, saying, 'You will see in a moment. But first, I want you to swear that you will never speak to anyone about what you witness here until the day that Vaxili dies. After that, you may speak about it freely. Are you prepared to swear to that?'
'Your honour, I—'
'Are you prepared to swear or should I find another witness? We don’t have time to waste.'
'Yes, your honour. I will swear to it.'
'Are you prepared to swear by Zabrazal's sacred altar and may Zabrazal curse you and your children and their children if you violate this oath?'
Jina took the oath after which Izebol administered the oath to Sharma and then pointed to his companions and said, 'We are also witnesses and we have taken the same oath.' To Sharma, he said, 'Kneel!' He gestured to the priests, who arranged themselves in a semi-circle around Sharma. Pouring a few drops of oil on Sharma's forehead, Izebol proclaimed, 'I anoint you as the King of Kerina. It is the will of Zabrazal.' He rubbed the oil across Sharma's forehead, put his hands on Sharma's head, murmured a short prayer, and then raised Sharma to his feet. The ceremony took less than a minute. It was short, simple and momentous. 
Sharma got up slowly and looked around unsteadily like a man in a daze. Jina could see that Sharma appeared to be astounded at what had happened, as well he should be. Sharma wiped away a trickle of oil above his eyelid and then looked fixedly at the smear on his fingers as if he wondered how it had got there. Then Sharma smiled shyly, almost apologetically, like a man who has stumbled on a priceless jewel while walking across a barren field.
Izebol asked, 'Jina, have you witnessed that Sharma has been anointed as the King of Kerina?'
Jina muttered, 'Yes, your honour.'
'Speak up, man, so that everyone can hear.'
Jina got a hold of his emotions as well as his voice and said 'Yes, your honour. I have witnessed it.'
'Let us hear it in your own words!'
Still unsteadily, Jina replied, 'I have witnessed that you have anointed Sharma as the King of Kerina.'
'And you have sworn that—?'
'Your honour, I have sworn that I will never speak about what I have witnessed here until the day of Vaxili's death.'
Izebol nodded, raised a finger, and said, 'Remember your oath, and may Zabrazal curse you if you betray it.' He leaned back against the table, looking tired and drained. Izebol put his hands to his forehead and, with eyes closed, shook his head wearily before he said, 'Zabrazal has begun to call me home. Every time he calls, his voice is more insistent. One day soon he will give me the final call.' Izebol paused for breath and rubbed his head as if he was clearing it of errant thoughts. However, when he spoke again, his voice was strong and clear. 'I also foresee that Vaxili, disobedient wastrel that he is, won't last for long. He might survive me but even if he does, it won't be long before he walks the same path to Zabrazal's place of judgement.' Izebol leaned back again and closed his eyes. This time, he paused for so long that Jina thought that he had fallen into a trance. There was a breathless silence in the room before Izebol roused himself, blinked as if he was coming back from a far place, snapped his fingers, and said, 'Our business here is finished. It is time for us to go.'
Sharma said, 'Your honour, you have had a long journey. We can prepare quarters for you and your companions. You can stay for the night and then leave at your leisure.'
Izebol shook his head. 'We thank you for your courtesy but it is best that we should leave as soon as possible. The fewer the number of people who know about our visit, the better.' Izebol pulled on his cloak, motioned to his companions to leave the room, and held out his hand. As they kneeled and kissed his finger-tips, Izebol murmured a blessing. At the door, he paused and said sternly, 'Remember your oath!' He covered his face and left.
Sharma took a deep breath. His eyelid was twitching but otherwise he looked calm. What was he thinking, wondered Jina? Within a matter of minutes, Sharma’s status had changed from that of a rebel to that of the future King of Kerina. It was so astonishing that Jina wondered if it had really happened. The whole incident had the quality of one of those fever-inspired visions that drifted through his mind while he lay wracked by illness in the squalid hut in Thania. Jina felt weak and sat down with his head resting on his arms. Sharma put a hand on his shoulder and murmured, 'Compose yourself, Jina. Nobody must know what has happened here.'
In a daze, Jina muttered, 'I’m all right.'
Sharma said lightly, 'You look as if you've been hit by a rock-fall.' Still with his hand on Jina’s shoulder, he sat down next to him. Jina blinked a few times, shook his head to try to clear it, and said, 'By Zabrazal, Sharma, you're calm about it.'
Sharma replied in a steady voice, 'It is the will of Zabrazal, not so? Who am I to question it?'
Jina couldn’t help muttering with deep scepticism, ‘The will of Zabrazal!’
Sharma replied straight-faced, ‘That is what Izebol said, isn’t it?’
Sharma’s face was glowing as if he had passed through a baptismal bath of mercurial liquid. Jina told him, 'You'd better stay here for a while. You'll give yourself away immediately if you go outside looking like that. People will think that Zabrazal himself paid you a visit, in all his glory.'
Jina wanted to ask the inevitable questions. Why did Izebol choose Sharma? Was it some sort of trick? If so, what was the aim of it? He also pondered the practical implications of what had happened. If it wasn’t a trick, how was it going to come to pass? When Vaxili died, was Sharma just going to come forward and claim the throne? Without any opposition? Faced with the complexity of the matter, and thinking of the uncertainties on the road ahead, Jina began to think that it was a trap for Sharma. When he said this, Sharma replied, 'If this is a trick, then Izebol has compromised himself as well as committed sacrilege.'
Jina replied, ‘Are you sure you don’t believe it just because you want to?’
Sharma looked at him narrowly, his head to one side. Then he pulled at an ear and said slowly, 'Do you remember when we were boys, how we sat on the hills and talked about Kerina and the future?' Jina nodded. He could picture the day as fresh as if had happened yesterday. Sharma said reflectively, 'For a long time, I've felt that it is my destiny to guide the kingdom.'
'But, Sharma, to be king!'
Sharma just closed his eyes and nodded calmly as if he had received an infusion of inner strength and confidence. Jina said, 'If this is what you want, Sharma, it’s going to be a hard road to walk. Getting there will be hard, but staying there will be even harder.'
Sharma leaned forward and grasped his shoulder. He asked huskily, 'Will you walk the road with me, Jina?' Jina nodded. Sharma said, 'Good! I need you. More than anyone, I need you.' He squeezed Jina’s shoulder and said earnestly, 'With you by my side, I can climb the heights with confidence.'
Jina kept the secret for three years, as did Sharma, until the time came to step into the open and climb the final slopes towards the summit.
Sharma’s time was coming close. So was Jina’s.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN: ROTTEN FRUIT

Surprisingly, Vaxili made no move to re-invade Lower Kerina. There was a rumour that Izebol had warned him off but, if that was true, what did Izebol say? Nobody knew. On the other hand, perhaps Vaxili had his hands full in defending his kingdom from the Dornites. In the space of three years, the Dornites made two major incursions into Upper Kerina. On the first occasion, Vaxili's army fought them to a standstill, mainly because Kainar had been reinstated as supreme commander after a near-revolt amongst the troops,. On the second occasion, Vaxili led the army personally; and he led them to a crushing defeat. The Dornites captured all of the Kerinian territory that they relinquished after the second battle of Gandonda, as well as a portion of Vaxili's home area of Orifinre. The main cause of this catastrophic defeat was that Vaxili had purged all his senior commanders, Kainar included, accusing them of disloyalty and of plotting to assassinate him. However, as usual it was easy to see that the real reason was that Vaxili couldn’t co-exist with anyone who was capable of wielding power and responsibility successfully. Competence and efficiency near at hand threatened Vaxili far more than the threat posed by a distant enemy.
After the second battle, Vaxili's long-suffering troops finally did revolt. They marched on the palace and demanded that Vaxili should abdicate, that Kainar should take the crown, and that the other commanders should be restored to their positions. Vaxili blustered, cursing his soldiers as rebels and traitors and threatening to execute the ringleaders of the revolt. Understandably, this only infuriated the soldiers. With only the royal guard remaining loyal to Vaxili, matters had reached a point where it looked as if Vaxili was going to go down either in surrender or death. That was when Izebol intervened. Surprisingly for such a crusty old fire-breather, he was so conciliatory that he succeeded in reconciling the opposing factions. The troops dropped their demand that Vaxili should abdicate on condition that all the imprisoned commanders were restored to their positions. It was a climb-down for Vaxili but it saved his crown. Probably it saved his skin as well.
After the second battle, with Upper Kerina in disarray, some leading members of the Supreme Council approached Sharma privately to ask if he would be prepared to be crowned king of Lower Kerina. Before he gave his answer, Sharma summoned his senior commanders to be his witnesses. In their presence, he told the elders bluntly that Vaxili, the anointed choice of Zabrazal, was the only king in Kerina. That, pronounced Sharma, was how it would be as long as Vaxili was alive. The elders went away looking chastened. However, even while Sharma was giving a convincing performance as a loyalist, Jina sensed that he was plotting his moves well in advance. Like a good chess player, Sharma would sacrifice a minor piece or even stage a retreat as long as he was moving towards the goal of toppling the opposing king and winning the game. 
That evening, Roda came to see Jina. When he saw her at the door, Jina was so surprised that anyone could have knocked him over with the proverbial feather. Usually, when Roda was with Sharma, she would greet Jina with a forced smile, even as she glared at him. When she was alone, she just swept past him in disdain. Now, however, she simpered as she sidled up to Jina, giving the impression that they had never been anything else but the best of friends. Jina received her as cordially as possible while thinking privately that he would feel more secure if he was dealing with a spitting cobra. 
Roda began by saying, 'Jina, we don't always see eye to eye, do we?'
Jina replied with feeling, 'That is so.'
Roda continued, 'But we both want the best for Sharma, don't we?'
Jina answered cautiously, ‘Well, he's my best and oldest friend. And as for you—as his wife, of course it’s only natural that you would want the best for him.'
Sharma married Roda soon after they came down from the mountains. When Sharma told Jina what he was planning, Jina tried his best to get him to change his mind by pointing out that he was already married to Mecolo. Sharma replied heatedly that the marriage was invalid because Vaxili had dissolved it and had forced Mecolo to remarry. Anyway, said Sharma, there was no law against having more than one wife. Jina could have continued the argument by reminding Sharma that Mecolo had just given birth to their son but seeing a familiar look in Sharma's eyes—a combination of determination and defiant anger—he shrugged and walked away. In fact, Jina wished that the matter could be dismissed with something as simple as a shrug. In fact, whenever Jina thought about Sharma and his women, he had a feeling of gloomy apprehension, like the heavy-headedness that people feel when thunder clouds lurk ominously on the horizon for day after day.
A year after they were married, Roda gave birth to a son. She produced another son a year later. Now Sharma had three sons by two different women. In the light of Sharma’s present position, this was complicated enough without speculating on what might happen if Sharma did ascend to the throne of Kerina one day. 
Now, having been admitted to his house, Roda was looking at Jina thoughtfully with a finger laid against one of her smooth cheeks. Oh, thought Jina, she was attractive, for sure, with her clear, almost translucent skin, her large eyes, and her well-packaged frame. However, it was a long time since a woman's looks and a woman's wiles had had much effect on him, and Roda in particular wasn’t going to win him over. Beauty or no beauty, Jina didn't like Roda and he didn't trust her. 
She asked sweetly, 'Do you respect Sharma's abilities?'
'Of course I do.'
Roda laid a hand on Jina’s arm and said even more sweetly, 'Sharma respects you greatly.'
'I’m pleased to hear it.' Jina looked down at her hand in disdain and she winced and withdrew it from his arm.
Roda tried another tack, saying, 'You know, Jina, Sharma doesn't always know what's good for him. He's so busy with important matters that he doesn’t have time to look out for himself. You should use your influence with him to guide him in the right direction.'
Jina replied bluntly, 'I give advice when I’m asked to do so.'
Roda put her head on one side, flicked her tongue over her bottom lip, and looked at him closely. She asked, 'Do you think that Sharma is destined for bigger things?'
For a moment Jina wondered if she knew about Izebol's visit to Sharma. Then he dismissed the thought and replied, 'Of course! We all hope for bigger things. Wouldn’t you agree?'
Roda clucked her tongue in annoyance and said impatiently, 'Jina! Don't be so cold!' She leaned towards him and said in a confidential tone, 'You do know that the council has offered the crown to Sharma, don't you?'
'Yes. It is common knowledge.'
'Well?'
'Well, what?'
Roda clenched her fists and bit her lip. However, she got herself under control and said winningly, 'Oh, Jina! Surely you know what I’m talking about!'
'I’m not a mind-reader. Why don't you speak plainly, Roda?'
Roda clicked her tongue again and said, 'I mean that Sharma should have accepted the offer? Don't you agree?'
'He's made his decision. Respect it, Roda. Leave things as we are.'
'It's not final. He can go back to the council at any time and tell them that he's changed his mind.'
'He could—but he won't.'
Roda put on another appealing smile. Looking up at him from under lowered eyelids, she asked, 'Jina, don't you see what it would mean to you if Sharma was king?'
'Do you mean that I would be the deputy king? Imagine that—a little throne for me, right next to Sharma's big throne.' 
'Deputy king? Oh, Jina, you're such a joker! No, you'd be commander of the army.'
'And you, Roda, would be Queen of Lower Kerina. Queen Roda! What a leg-up that would be for a simple girl from Osicedi.'
Roda gritted her teeth, got herself under control again, and said in an even but strained voice, 'Jina, Jina, you misunderstand! It's not about me, not at all. It's about Sharma and what he deserves.'
'So you don't want to be Queen of Kerina?'
Roda was still trying to win him over even if she was smiling through gritted teeth. She said, 'Oh, Jina, you really do misunderstand me! I’m his wife. I just want what's best for Sharma, that's all.'
'That's enough, Roda! Stop trying to manipulate me! I don't want to discuss it anymore.'
'But, Jina—'
'Do you hear me? No more!'
Roda dropped her mask. Her eyes blazed and she spat at him. Then she hissed and stalked away.
At about the same time, a story about Sharma began to spread through Lower Kerina. According to the story, when Sharma was a just a stripling shepherd boy, he killed a sheep-thieving Dornite giant with one stone from his sling. The giant was a huge man who towered with torso, head and shoulders above ordinary mortals and had shoulders as broad as a sack of grain. Later the story was embellished with the detail that Sharma cut off the vanquished man's head with one blow from the giant's sword. As the story gained currency, it was further embellished with the detail that by killing the giant, Sharma saved all of Lower Kerina from invasion by the Dornites. Then someone wrote a poem about the incident and soon the poem spawned a popular song. When a minstrel sang the ballad at a banquet at their headquarters, Sharma nodded approvingly and rewarded him with a pat on the back and two gold coins. Soon the legend of Sharma and the Dornite Giant became part of the folklore of Lower Kerina. Of course, it wasn’t long before it became part of the folklore of all of Kerina.
Jina suspected that the story originated with Roda. Of course, he couldn't prove it. She used to whistle a few bars from the tune of the song whenever he passed by her as if she knew how much this sort of myth-making and misleading nonsense annoyed him.
Not long after his conversation with Roda, Vaxili died in a Dornite ambush. People said that Vaxili fought like a hero and finally fell on his sword to avoid being captured. It was probably true because, as Jina had observed, personal courage was about the only good quality that Vaxili wasn't short of.
The death sent Kerina into a ferment of activity and intrigue. With Jina as his witness, Sharma told the Supreme Council of Lower Kerina that Izebol had anointed him as Vaxili's successor. Councillors from Upper Kerina met with councillors from Lower Kerina, while Jina led a delegation of their military commanders that held discussions with commanders from Upper Kerina. Izebol, who was near to death at Sininda, sent messengers to the councils in both Upper and Lower Kerina to confirm that he had anointed Sharma. Unfortunately one of the messengers was ambushed and killed before he reached his destination and Izebol died before he could send another messenger. Mysteriously, after Izebol died, not one of the priests who had been present on the occasion could remember anything about Izebol anointing Sharma. However, the messenger from Izebol to Lower Kerina delivered his message safely to the Supreme Council.
Within a month, the Council of Upper Kerina nominated Vaxili's son, Aebrel, as the new king. Of course, there was outrage in Lower Kerina. In a desperate last measure, the council sent a message to Upper Kerina to try to delay the crowning. The factions supporting Aebrel imprisoned the messenger until after the coronation and then paraded him in public, accusing him of being a liar and a rumour--monger. After they flogged him, they sent him packing with the warning that he would be killed if he spoke to anyone before he reached Lower Kerina.
In Lower Kerina, the Supreme Council and the army commanders met to discuss the situation. There was a lot of fire-breathing and fist-thumping, but Sharma settled the matter by saying flatly that he would not countenance any talk of invading Upper Kerina. He stated that an invasion, whether successful or not, would drive the two parts of Kerina farther apart. Anyway, said Sharma, the intrigues and instability in Upper Kerina would soon drive Aebrel from power. In the meantime, all that was necessary was to make it known throughout all parts of Kerina that he, Sharma, was the anointed king and that he was waiting to re-unite Kerina in a peaceful manner.
After the meeting, Jina said to Sharma privately, 'You might have to wait a lot longer than you think.'
Sharma put a hand on Jina’s shoulder and said confidently, 'You will see, my old friend—the fruit is so rotten that the tree just needs a bit of shaking for the fruit to fall into our laps. Make no mistake, the kingdom will be ours soon enough.'

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN: DESOLATION

There was one incident to which Jina could point surely and say, yes, without doubt, that was the first time that he and Sharma broke the bread of shared guilt. The incident occurred when Jina sent the message that summoned Kainar to return to Oridrin. It was the first serious fracture in Jina’s and Sharma’s relationship. Set against the sweep of events, it was only a small fracture; but it was a fracture nonetheless. 
The seed was sown when they faced Kainar’s army on the field of Origun.
When Aebrel became king, Kainar continued to serve as commander of the army. It was clear from the start that he was the real power in Upper Kerina. For instance, to forestall any of the intrigues of Vaxili's reign, Kainar told Aebrel bluntly that he, Kainar, would have exclusive control of the army. Furthermore, if there was even a hint, in fact the merest whiff of a hint, of an attempt to remove him as commander then he, Kainar, would depose Aebrel immediately. 
As for Aebrel—well, what could you say about a man who had all the flaws that one would expect in Vaxili's son along with a few that were uniquely his own? Aebrel was a weakling, a dissolute man who couldn't even arrange things properly in his own life let alone rule a kingdom. Jina’s opinion of Aebrel was that he lusted after popularity, always took the easy way, and had the moral qualities of a bag of offal together with the diplomatic abilities of a skulking hyena. For instance, Aebrel secured a temporary peace by ceding to the Dornites most of the territory that they had conquered while at the same time agreeing to pay them a huge amount in tribute every year. Aebrel seemed to think that he could earn the respect of his people by signing away a quarter of their territory and then raising debilitating taxes to pay tribute to the people who stole their land. It was no surprise that he faced popular protests all over Upper Kerina. Nor was it a surprise that he suppressed the protests ruthlessly in a welter of bloodshed and torture. Then, as if he didn’t have enough on his plate, after nine inauspicious months on the throne, Aebrel decided that the time was ripe to conquer Lower Kerina. For some reason he thought that he would succeed where his father had failed.
Jina was with Sharma and the rest of their commanders in their council chamber at Oridrin when they heard that Kainar and his army were advancing towards their border. Sharma said calmly, 'I did not expect them so soon.'
There was silence while they digested the news. Then Abozi said thoughtfully, 'If Kainar is leading them, it's going to be a tough battle.'
It was mid-winter and Sharma was ill with a fever, lying on a couch under a pile of blankets, sweating and coughing. He raised his head from the pillow, frowned in displeasure and asked, 'Do you fear him?' 
Abozi paused, collected his thoughts, and replied evenly, 'I mean that Kainar is a worthy opponent. That is all.'
Sharma propped himself into a sitting position, coughed, and wiped his forehead. Jina could see that he was getting irritated. Since he defeated Vaxili, Sharma had only known success and promises of future glory. Nowadays, he became impatient with cautious talk even when they were discussing a foe as redoubtable as Kainar. Although Jina was more cautious, he understood how Sharma felt. At Sharma’s side, lately he too had only known the heady flight of success. Since retreating to the mountains, they had not only retrieved all the ground that they had lost but had climbed a long way further as well. In fact, they had climbed to the steps at the base of the throne of Kerina. However, unlike Sharma, Jina always had a pervasive sense that success was deceitful. For instance, he remembered all too clearly the ignominy of imprisonment and the desperate days in the desert. Also, he remembered that squat, square-faced man—that same Kainar who was advancing towards them—who had planned the attack on Asjolorm with meticulous thoroughness so that absolutely nothing was left to chance. However, recognising that Sharma was in no mood for caution, Jina just said, 'The die has been cast. We have to meet Kainar as soon as possible, and preferably before his forces set foot in Lower Kerina.'
Sharma coughed, spat into a bowl, and said, 'Damnation! I’m in no condition for a campaign. You will have to lead the army, Jina.' He fell back against the pillows, coughed violently, and then waved a hand at them, saying, ‘Well, get moving! Go! Go and deal with Kainar.’ As they turned to leave the chamber, Sharma called Jina to his side, saying weakly, ‘Jina! A word, if you please.’ He took Jina’s hand, grinned bleakly, and said, ‘No need to bring back his head on a lance, eh, Jina! We’re not savages, are we?’
‘No. We are far removed from that state, are we not?’
‘We’ve come a long way, haven’t we, Jina, old friend?’ Jina nodded. Sharma glanced at Jina’s waist, saying, ‘I see that you still have the belt.’
‘I told you that I would always wear it.’
‘Of course you did! And the loyal Jina always keeps his word, doesn’t he?’
‘When he gives it freely—yes, he keeps it.’
Sharma coughed so hard that his body was wracked by the spasms. He squeezed Jina’s hand and muttered, ‘Go and deal with Kainar.’
It was an assignment not to be taken lightly. Weighing up the situation, Jina reckoned that Kainar would have the advantage of a larger force, with solders that would probably be better armed and equipped. However, reckoned Jina, his army would have the advantage of fitness and experience, going right back to the time when they operated in the wilderness. Another advantage was that they had never lost a battle, unlike the soldiers who were marching to meet them. Also, they had Sharma at their back together with a united populace, while the enemy force was backed by the weak and indecisive Aebrel together with a restless and dissatisfied people.
When Jina said these things to his brother as they marched southwards, Abozi just nodded non-committedly and grunted, 'We shall see.'
Jina grinned to himself. Abozi was always like that before an engagement. But when battle commenced, he was as solid as a rock and as workmanlike as a reaper scything his way through a field.
Abozi jerked his head backwards and said, 'It's probably just as well that we've got them with them.'
He was referring to the squad of Dornite mercenaries who were marching behind them, their feather-crested helmets slung over their backs and their kilts swinging. Durgenu had provided the mercenaries at what he termed a bargain price, saying that it was always an honour to do business with his respected colleagues, Sharma and Jina. 
Jina muttered to Abozi, 'I wouldn't have thought that the day would come when we would march together with a squad of Dornites.'
Abozi asked, 'How are you going to use them?'
'I'll put them in the centre.'
Abozi leaned towards him and asked confidentially, 'Can we depend on them in the centre?'
'I know that we can, Abozi. Look at it like this—our own people can turn and run home when the going gets tough, but where would the Dornites run to?'
Abozi snorted. 'Dornites have homes, too.'
'Maybe. But every man, woman, and child along the way would harass them to settle old scores. And home for them is a lot further than Oridrin.'
Abozi said gruffly, 'Well, we'll see.'
On the field of Origun, Jina’s army defeated Kainar's army. It was a close-run affair, like two evenly matched wrestlers who strive against each other while clasped together, weight against weight, heave against heave, searching for the first sign of weakness. Finally the break came when, after nearly two hours of struggle, the Dornites managed to drive a wedge through the centre of Kainar's forces. On their right flank, Abozi saw the opportunity and drove his men inward on to the enemy forces. The men in the enemy flank fell back against each other, allowing the opposing force to drive into them from three directions. Kainar’s army swayed, crumpled, and then began to scatter.
Abozi led a detachment in close pursuit, pressing forward at speed until Kainar and some of his men regrouped on the hillside. Abozi’s forces halted and looked at the opposing force warily. It was an impasse. Suddenly someone broke ranks and ran forward up the hill. It was Abozi. He stopped a few paces from the enemy’s front rank and shouted, ‘Kainar, the battle isn’t over yet. Come out and fight man to man.’
Kainar asked calmly, 'Is that you, Abozi brother of Jina?'
'It is.'
Kainar replied, 'I remember you well from the old days. I have no quarrel with you. If you want to fight hand to hand, challenge one of the young men. Fight against a young man and you might get reward and honour.'
Abozi called, 'I’m challenging you, Kainar, not some insignificant member of your army. Come out and face me if you’re not a coward.'
Kainar replied, 'A coward? I’ve defeated more men than you have years in your life! You know that or you wouldn’t be challenging me.’
‘Then come out and face me if you’re not a coward.’
Kainar responded patiently, ‘I don't want to strike you down. I have no quarrel with you and I will not fight against you.'
Jina could see what was happening even if he couldn't hear what was being said. He yelled at Abozi, ordering him to stand back; but Abozi was too far away to hear him. 
Abozi's reply to Kainar was to rise to his full height, swing his shield into place, shout the war cry, and rush forward. Kainar retreated a few paces and crouched, covering himself with his shield. As Abozi reached him, Kainar thrust the butt of his spear forward at a steep angle. To be fair to Kainar, he put the butt-end forward to minimise injury. The spear passed under Abozi's shield and hit him in the stomach. Abozi was moving with such speed that the butt passed right through him. He doubled over, shuddered, and died on the spot.
When Jina saw his brother fall, he wanted to rush forward and throw himself onto Kainar. Of course he couldn’t, because he was too far away. In any case, even while he was filled with horror and outrage, he knew better than to indulge in personal vendettas on the battlefield. A commander's work is to defeat the enemy forces, clear them from the field, and then pursue them to wreak the maximum amount of destruction. As Jina learned from Zaliek, personal feelings such as vanity and desire for revenge just get in the way of the task. 
Suppressing his seething emotions, Jina assembled the men for an orderly pursuit. At the second battle of Gandonda, he saw what could happen when a pursuing force rushes forward in disorganised waves like a pack of yelping hounds. The enemy can rally at any time and within a few minutes victory can be compromised. Jina wasn’t going to allow that to happen.
Late in the afternoon, Kainar rallied some of his men on another hilltop. By the looks of them, they were the core of what remained of Vaxili’s royal guard. They would be a tough proposition.
Jina was assessing the position when Kainar stepped forward. He stood squarely with legs apart and shouted, 'Jina, for how long will we oppose each other? Isn't there enough bitterness already?’
Jina replied, ‘More than enough, I would say.’
Kainar continued, ‘Aren’t we all men of the same nation?’
‘We are. What of it?’
Kainar put down his shield and sword and stood there in just his tunic and breastplate. He raised his arms, palms forward, and shouted in reply, ‘Order your men to stop pursuing their brothers and we can all depart in peace.'
Jina replied, 'Kainar, you speak of brothers and yet you killed my only brother.' 
Kainar answered, 'I regret it. But he challenged me and I couldn't avoid him. He died honourably as a soldier should. Be grateful for that.'
Now that Jina was so close to Kainar, rage pounded through his veins. He was on the verge of rushing forward to attack Kainar. In fact, Jina had already half-drawn his sword when sanity prevailed. Jina got a grip on his emotions, pushed his sword back, and shouted, 'Death is a soldier's closest companion. We have not lived honourably until we have died honourably.' It was a politic answer that concealed what he really felt. Privately, he resolved that one day Kainar would pay for Abozi's death. However, in the meantime he had to attend to his duties. 
Kainar acknowledged his words with a wave of his hand. He said something to his men and they lowered their shields. Jina shouted, ‘If you agree, then we will conclude the engagement.’
Kainar shouted back, ‘That is as it should be. Brothers shouldn’t be at each other’s throats.’
Jina responded, ‘Then brothers shouldn’t attack brothers.’ Kainar made a resigned movement with his hand but said nothing. Jina took a few steps forward and shouted, ‘I have a message for Aebrel.’
Kainar replied, ‘Let me hear it.’ 
Jina shouted, ‘Tell your master that there is only one anointed king in Kerina and that king is Sharma. Tell Aebrel that he only continues to rule Upper Kerina because Sharma does not want to cause more suffering. Tell Aebrel that his days are numbered. If he abdicates, Sharma will treat him with consideration. If not, he will lose everything.’
Kainar replied, ‘I will deliver your message. But remember that Aebrel rules because of the strength of his general and his army, not because of Sharma's kindness. Remember that, when you are tempted to think otherwise.’ Kainar raised his hand in salute and stepped back into the ranks.
Jina ordered the trumpeter to blow the signal for a halt to the pursuit, posted a rearguard, and led the main force back down the hill. By the time they reached the bottom of the hill, Kainar and his men had disappeared.
Jina’s force won an overwhelming victory, losing less than fifty men as against nearly four hundred on the other side. He should have celebrated their achievement except that Abozi was amongst the dead. When Jina returned from the battlefield with the body of his brother draped over the back of a donkey, he passed through one of the heaviest periods of his life. To make it even heavier, he could not show his grief because, as commander, he couldn't allow anything to spoil the celebratory atmosphere amongst his men. They would interpret sadness, bitterness, or regret on his part as a reproach to them. But inside, Jina was grieving and lacerated. He had not felt like this since he lost Dana. The world was desolate and he hated Kainar for making it so.
Abozi was only twenty-four years of age when he died. Marching towards their home in Osicedi to bury him, Jina kept thinking of how quickly time had passed since they were children. Only a few years ago, Abozi was a schoolboy walking the fields with him to learn how to be a shepherd. Then he was a lanky and fresh-faced youth, roaming the hills with the sheep as Jina had done before him. Next, in quick succession, he became a soldier, Jina’s companion in Vaxili's prison cell, their comrade in the desert, and a respected commander in Oridrin. Saddest of all, Jina remembered that their mother had a special love for Abozi. She called him the last-born lamb, the unexpected gift that arrived when she thought that she would not carry a child again. She would say, 'Abozi is Zabrazal's special gift to all of us.'
Now Abozi was dead, his corpse lashed over the back of a donkey. As they marched northwards, Jina’s heart shrivelled when he thought about how his mother would react to the news. His father died only a few years ago and now she would also have to bear the death of her youngest son, her beloved late-born lamb. Especially, Jina remembered how, after his father's death, his mother said to Abozi and him, 'I don't know if he can bear to see one of you die before me.'
Jina stayed in Osicedi for two days to comfort his mother and to make arrangements for Abozi to be buried in the tomb with their father. Then he led the army back to Oridrin. His mother begged him to stay for the funeral but he knew his duty. Osicedi wasn’t a garrison town. If the army stayed too long, there would be trouble. There would be fighting, drunkenness, whoring, and all the rest of the undisciplined behaviour that occurs when soldiers are idle. The troops had to leave as soon as possible and it was Jina’s duty as commander to lead them. Leaving his mother behind with the corpse of his brother, Jina led the troops out of Osicedi, heading down the red-dirt road to Oridrin. The dust that filled Jina’s eyes and nostrils matched the aridity in his soul. 

CHAPTER NINETEEN: ASCENT TO POWER

Soon, matters in Upper Kerina deteriorated quickly. As if to compensate for losing the battle, or possibly to forestall any impression that he had been weakened, Kainar tightened his grip so much that Aebrel was hardly more than a hostage on his own throne. Kainar took all the decisions and made all the moves while Aebrel wallowed in wine, consoled himself with his ever-growing collection of women, and performed a few ceremonial functions.
One evening, during a drunken carousal, Aebrel accused Kainar of sleeping with one of the royal concubines. This was too much for Kainar who, whatever his faults, wasn't a womaniser. In fact, he had been married for twenty years and held strictly to the old virtues of faithfulness and monogamy. In the presence of the whole court, Kainar turned on Aebrel in fury, saying, 'Remember who I am, my lord! You forget that I have been loyal to your father's house ever since Izebol anointed him, even although he treated me like a block-headed peasant. Now you treat me like a dog, insulting me in public and accusing me of sleeping with one of your whores. Pha! I wouldn't even touch one of your women with the tip of a spear for fear of infection.’
Aebrel blustered, ‘You forget yourself! Who’s king here, eh? Me, that’s who! I’m king in Upper Kerina!’
Kainar was in a red-eyed rage. He spat out, ‘King! You can’t even govern yourself! You’re ruled by your whores and by wine!’
‘Remember your position, Kainar! I could—‘
‘You could what? Look at you, my lord— ‘ Kainar ground out the word 'lord' in contempt and then cried, enraged, ‘King of Upper Kerina! King of the Wine Cups, more likely! Pha! You’re so drunk that you can’t even stand on your own two feet.’
Aebrel shook his head muzzily and growled, ‘Shut up, Kainar. I’m the king. I command it!’
Kainar pointed at Aebrel and said with knife-sharp scorn, ‘You can be thankful that I haven't handed you and your kingdom over to Sharma—which is what Izebol promised him, as you might remember.'
With that, the die was cast. Next day, Kainar sent a message to Sharma, requesting a meeting as soon as possible. Sharma replied in the affirmative but set a condition for the meeting: he demanded that Mecolo should accompany Kainar. Jina applauded the move, seeing that by so doing Sharma could right the wrong that Vaxili had done to him and humiliate Aebrel at the same time. In addition, by demanding Mecolo, Sharma was testing the extent of Kainar's power. 
Kainar delivered Mecolo and Sharma met with him privately at a site on the border, half a day's march from Oridrin. Not even Jina and the rest of Sharma’s commanders knew exactly what was discussed. Sharma would only tell them that he made it plain to Kainar that Aebrel should not be harmed, whatever happened.
Later, Jina asked Sharma, 'If this works out, what's going to happen to Aebrel, when he's no longer king?'
Sharma gazed at him steadily and replied, ‘If he falls into our hands, he will be treated with honour and respect as the son of Vaxili deserves.'
'Honour and respect! You mean that you'll heap coals of fire on his head, not so? He'll be like a dog at your feet, won't he? What a pity that Vaxili won't be there to see it.'
'Have a care, Jina!' 
Jina saw that he had struck Sharma too close to home so he retreated a little by saying, 'By Zabrazal, Sharma, don't you see that you won't be secure as long as Aebrel is alive?'
Sharma flushed and retorted, 'We will deal with the situation when it arises.' On the surface, Sharma looked calm and controlled. However, Jina knew him well enough to see that he was edgy with excitement and anticipation. Jina saw that Sharma sensed that the time when he would become king of united Kerina was near at hand. However, to be fair to Sharma, Jina knew that he wasn't just excited at the thought that he would soon be king. He was also excited because the unity of Kerina was an obsession with him, as it was with Jina as well. It went back a long way, at least as far back as the time when, as boys, they sat on the hills and looked towards the coast while reflecting on the weakness and vulnerability of Kerina. 
Jina pushed the boundaries of their relationship by saying, ‘Aebrel will be a focus for rebellion as long as he lives.’ It was risky, but if he didn't say this to Sharma, who would?
Sharma snorted disdainfully. ‘Aebrel is a spent force. Just about no one supports him now, and even his few supporters will abandon him when he's no longer king.’
‘Don't underestimate how much support he has. Some people support him just because he’s the son of Vaxili and others support him because they’d rather have him on the throne than you.’
Sharma clucked his tongue impatiently and asked sceptically, ‘Aebrel rather than me? Really? And why is that?’
‘Because they can manipulate Aebrel but they won’t be able to manipulate you.’ 
Sharma poked a finger at Jina’s chest and barked, ‘For a soldier, you seem to know a lot about politics.’
‘That’s because these things are so obvious that even a plain soldier like me can see them.’
Sharma stood back and looked at Jina closely. He rubbed his nose and said slowly, more in amusement than in irritation, 'Ah! So plain soldier Jina is advising the king on the politics of the throne, is he?'
'Perhaps that’s because plain soldier Jina can see some things plainly.'
Sharma grunted and tried to conceal a grin. Jina made an expansive bow, kneeled, and said, ‘My lord, I am your humble servant.’ That stopped Sharma. He didn’t know how to handle Jina when his old friend was on his knees before him. Sharma stood there stroking his chin, looking at him appraisingly. Then he put out his hand and raised Jina to a standing position. Sharma flushed and muttered, ‘Damnation, Jina, you embarrass me. The fact is, you embarrass me exceedingly.’  
Jina said, ‘Sharma, your cause is my cause. I advise you as he would advise myself.’
'Jina! Will you shame me as well as embarrass me?'
'I could never do that. Your shame would be my shame.'
Sharma chuckled affectionately and cried, ‘Be careful, Jina. You will be a courtier yet.’
‘A courtier! I don’t think so! I would die of suffocation.’
Sharma grinned broadly and embraced him, saying, 'Jina, Jina! If Zabrazal exists and if he ever gave me a gift, then surely he gave you to me as a pillar to my house.'
They stood there beaming at each other, their disagreement forgotten. Jina made a half-mocking bow and said, 'The general is always at the service of the king-to-be.'
Sharma's face was sombre when he replied, 'Not all kings are so fortunate.' He put up a finger and said, 'Ah! Talking of serving the king-to-be, there’s something that you can do for me right now.' Jina looked at Sharma enquiringly. Sharma dropped his eyes and looked embarrassed while he muttered, 'Uh—quarters need to be arranged for Mecolo and the child.'
The child? Didn't Sharma even know the name of his own son? Jina put the thought aside and asked, 'Should we arrange a room for them in your compound?' 
Sharma looked even more embarrassed when he said, 'No, not in my compound. Roda isn't—you know—she’s not fully prepared for this. Nor is Mecolo. Perhaps—uh, you know—perhaps you can arrange quarters somewhere else, close by, but not in the compound, not yet, anyway.'
'You mean that you didn't tell Roda that Mecolo was on her way?' It was so farcical that Jina wanted to laugh out loud. Fortunately, he managed to keep a straight face.
Sharma couldn’t look him in the face when he replied, 'I thought that it would be better if Roda got used to the idea gradually, but—damn it, Jina, are you going to help me or not?'
'No problem! I'll get on to it right away. By the way, is Mecolo to be accommodated as your wife, or—ah—in some other capacity?'
'As my wife, of course! Why do you think it might be otherwise?'
Jina paused and thought carefully before he replied. Was his memory at fault when he remembered that when Sharma decided to marry Roda, Sharma was happy to acknowledge that his marriage to Mecolo had been annulled? Whatever the case, this was another thought that he put aside quickly. Keeping a straight face, Jina took his leave and went to arrange suitable quarters for Mecolo.
Jina found Mecolo and the boy sitting in a small room near the council chamber. They were surrounded by a jumble of baggage and Mecolo looked tired and tense. When he entered, she greeted him with relief, crying, 'Jina! It's so good to see you!'
Seeing Mecolo again brought back so many memories that Jina struggled to keep his voice steady. He said, 'My lady, Sharma has asked me to arrange quarters for you and your son.'
'Sharma!' Her voice was sharp. 'Where is Sharma? We've been here almost half a day and we haven't seen him yet.’ She swept her arm around angrily. ‘We’re being treated like just so many more pieces of baggage. I demand to—'
'My lady, have patience! Sharma has been busy with matters of state. He sends his compliments and he will see you soon.'
Mecolo looked as if she was going to give vent to another outburst of frustration, as well she might. However, she bit back the words and shrugged as if she no longer knew what to believe. She sighed, then looked at Jina appraisingly and said, 'You're looking well, Jina.'
'So are you, my lady.' He said the words out of courtesy but not with conviction. The truth was that, apart from looking travel-weary, Mecolo looked older than her years. Her face had tightened and her shoulders were more stooped than they should have been for a woman of her age and station. Perhaps that was to be expected: the last few years hadn't been easy for her. She had been the centre of a tug of war between Vaxili and Sharma, and she had been forced into a humiliating marriage—if it was a marriage. Then, after surviving her father's erratic reign, she had lived as an appendage of her dissolute brother. What was more, her close association with Sharma must have been a daily irritation to Aebrel, and he must have let her know it. 
Jina changed the subject, saying, 'You have a fine son, my lady.' It was true. The boy was sturdy and had an open, trusting countenance. Especially when he smiled, he looked a lot like Sharma.
Mecolo stroked her son's hair and said, 'Every day, I thank Zabrazal for him. Since he was born, he has been my only consolation.'
'What is his name, my lady?'
'His name is Bedaxili.'
'Bedaxili' meant 'Beloved of Vaxili'. Jina wondered how Sharma would feel about the name. He said cautiously, 'It is a striking name.'
Mecolo's mouth tightened and she replied without enthusiasm, 'It is the name that my father gave him.'
The air was heavy with suppressed issues and unspoken words. Jina roused himself to activity and said, 'My lady, you need to rest. Let's move your belongings to your quarters.'
As Mecolo moved to follow him, she said, 'So, Jina, I hear that you have become an important man in Lower Kerina.'
'I am deputy commander of the army, my lady. Sharma is both commander and king.'
'Deputy commander? And only a few years ago, you were—' Mecolo stopped suddenly, as if she had caught herself on the point of committing an indiscretion. Then she gathered herself and said, 'I am fortunate to be assisted by the deputy commander.' 
After the men had deposited the baggage and left Mecolo’s rooms, Jina introduced Mecolo to the women who would be attending to her and asked if he could be of further assistance. Ignoring the offer, Mecolo looked around suspiciously and asked, 'Do these rooms adjoin Sharma's quarters?'
‘Not exactly, my lady.’
‘No?’
'They're close but they don't actually adjoin them, my lady.'
'No? Where exactly are Sharma's quarters?'
Jina pointed out of the window: 'Over there, across the courtyard.'
Mecolo's face darkened as she pushed the drape aside and peered out. She asked sharply, 'Is that where Roda lives? Does she live in those rooms with the maroon canopies?'
'My lady?'
'Oh, come now, Jina! I know all about this creature named Roda!' Mecolo grimaced sourly. 'Do you think that I lived in a total vacuum in Thania? Don't you think that there were plenty of people who delighted in giving me news like that?' She turned away, looked out of the window again, wiped her eyes, and said, 'Well, Jina? I asked you a question: Is that where Roda lives?'
'Yes, my lady. That is where Roda lives.'
'Nearest in place, nearest in heart, as the saying goes—not so?'  Mecolo turned towards him. Her eyes were moist and she was biting her lower lip. She asked, 'Is Roda beautiful?'
'I can't say, my lady.'
'Oh, come now, Jina—you're a man. Give me your opinion as a man.'
'I do not have opinions about women's beauty.'
'No? You used to have.'
'That was long ago, my lady. Now I choose not to have opinions about such matters.'
'Oh, Jina, you can't forget Dana, can you?' When he didn't reply, Mecolo took his hands and said, 'I can't forget her either.'
'Please, my lady, I prefer not to speak about Dana or anything connected with her. And I must ask you never to again to speak about her with me.' He pushed her hands away, saying, 'I must go now.'
Mecolo asked, almost pleadingly, 'And Sharma—?'
'My lady, Sharma will come to see you soon.'
As he left the room, Mecolo called after him, 'Believe me, Jina, I wish that I could follow your example. There are things that I should put behind me as well.'
Jina walked over to Sharma to tell him that Mecolo was settling into her quarters. Sharma was with Roda and it was clear that they were quarrelling. Instead of greeting him, Roda tossed her head and turned away, standing with her back rigidly against them. Sharma looked at her angrily, took Jina’s arm, and walked him outside. Jina made his report, Sharma thanked him tersely and Jina left him. 
Two weeks later, Jina was away leading the pursuit of an Usserdite raiding party when Sharma and Kainar met again. This time, Kainar came to Oridrin where Sharma entertained him lavishly. Kainar began his return journey only a short time before Jina arrived back in Oridrin. Jina was furious when he heard what had happened and demanded to see Sharma immediately. 
Going straight to the point without ceremony, Jina said, 'So, once again, you timed your meeting with Kainar well!’
‘Calm down, Jina! It was only arranged a few days ago. You were out of contact and I couldn’t call you back in time.’
‘Oh, yes? Or was it just very convenient?’
‘Don’t you believe me, Jina?’
‘What should I believe? This is the second time that it’s happened.’
Sharma waved his objections away as if they were the buzzing of an annoying insect, saying, ‘You can believe it or not, just as you choose.’
‘And I can go to hell if I have any objections, eh?’
‘I said that you may believe it or not, just as you choose.’
‘What's more, you had Kainar in your grasp and you let him go!'
Sharma face tightened. He said stiffly, 'He came to negotiate. I gave him my word that he would be safe.'
'Negotiate! He came to buy time or to spy! You know that he can't be trusted.'
Sharma's eyes narrowed and he retorted, 'Up until now, he has delivered what he has promised. Why shouldn't we trust him?'
Jina thought, what has Kainar delivered so far? Mecolo? Is that all? Well, thought Jina, you should know that there's a big difference between delivering a woman, even if she is a princess, and delivering a kingdom. Jina suppressed the thought and replied, 'How do you know that Kainar isn’t playing a double game?'
Sharma thrust his chin forward and wagged a finger at Jina, saying tersely, 'Have a care, Jina. I am the king. You command the army; I decide on policy.’ 
Jina cried in anger, 'By Zabrazal, now I see it clearly! I am the king's loyal dog, to be sent here, there, and everywhere, while the king entertains his favoured guests at his table! And for him—’
'Have a care, Jina! I tell you, man—have a care!'
Jina bit back his reply, knowing that he had already pushed further than Sharma would have tolerated from anyone else. He took a placatory course and said, 'Sharma, it wounds me that you sent me away while you met with Kainar. Is my advice so unreliable? Why do you exclude me when matters of state are discussed? Have I not walked the whole path with you so far, and am I not prepared to walk all the way with you in future?'
Sharma fingered the neck of his cloak and looked away as if he didn’t have a ready answer. After a pause, he said, 'I told you the truth when I said that when you left, I didn't know that I was going to meet with Kainar. The arrangements were made later.'
'But, damn it, couldn't you have waited until I got back?'
'There's no time to be lost, Jina. Matters are moving too quickly.' Sharma put a hand on his shoulder and said placatingly, 'Jina, if you had been there, you would have advised me to do exactly what I did.'
'Which is—?'
'We decided that Kainar will deliver Upper Kerina into our hands. Soon there will be one united Kingdom of Kerina again.'
'How soon?'
Sharma looked Jina in the eye and said firmly, 'Very soon.'
‘And there will be one king, by name of Sharma?’
‘Yes. That is so.’
'Not before time.'
'Good! We agree.'
'But with or without Kainar, Upper Kerina would fall anyway.'  
Sharma looked at Jina thoughtfully. He scratched his chin and asked cautiously, 'Ah! Perhaps it would. And what of it?'
'If Upper Kerina is ready to be delivered, then it's likely that Kainar is superfluous.'
Still looking at Jina thoughtfully, Sharma responded, 'Yes, that is possible.'
They stood there facing each other, with thoughts between them that couldn't, or wouldn't, be spoken. Jina decided to take the plunge on one of them and said, 'The united kingdom should have only one supreme army commander.'
Sharma stroked his chin and looked at him shrewdly. He responded, 'Perhaps not. Perhaps there could be a dual command.’
‘A dual command!’
‘Yes. For example, one general for the western sector and one for the eastern sector.'
'One king and two generals? That would be a happy state of affairs!'
Sharma was still looking at Jina in the same appraising way, head to one side. He said softly, 'Perhaps you are correct.’
Jina said, 'Then perhaps Kainar is superfluous already.'
'Yes, Jina, that could be so—ordinarily.'
‘Ordinarily?’
‘Yes, ordinarily. But these are extraordinary circumstances.’
‘How so?’
‘We will have obligations to Kainar.’
‘Only because that is how he has arranged things.’
Sharma looked at Jina through narrowed eyes, pursing his lips. He said, ‘But if Kainar is superfluous to the plan—?’
'Then, Sharma, perhaps he's nothing more than an impediment even now.'
'Yes, perhaps that's true. We will have to think about it.'
'Why think about it? There’s no time like the present.'
Sharma moved closer to him and said quietly, 'No time like the present, eh? That’s true.' He put a hand on Jina’s shoulder and pressed it firmly.
They shook hands and Jina left without saying anything more. He knew what had to be done.
Immediately, Jina sent a message to Kainar in Sharma's name, recalling Kainar for farther discussions. When Kainar arrived about two hours later, Jina met him at the city gateway and took him aside, saying that he had a confidential message from Sharma. Two of Jina’s men were waiting there. They stepped forward and seized Kainar's arms, pinning them behind his back. At the same time, Jina stabbed Kainar in the stomach, twisting the blade and forcing it in right up to the hilt, while the men held the squirming Kainar upright. Kainar died with the third thrust but Jina stabbed him twice more, just to make sure.
Jina had avenged the death of his brother and had also cleared the way for Sharma to ascend to the throne that had been promised to him. What was more, he had eliminated any possibility of dissension over the position of army commander in the re-united Kingdom of Kerina. It was a good day's work.
It was also messy work. Kainar’s blood stained Jina’s tunic and even spattered over his legs and sandals. As Jina was washing and changing his clothes, he noticed that the blood had also stained his belt. Although he soaped the place and rubbed it vigorously with a towel, the outline of the stain, ink-dark against the darker leather, never disappeared. While Jina was cleaning the belt, he thought of Sharma saying to him many years ago that he should wear the belt as a sign of their friendship. Well, he thought, today he had done Sharma a great service, much more than even the closest bond of friendship would require.
Within an hour, Sharma called a meeting of his commanders. He was looking composed and his voice was measured but knowing him as well as Jina did, he could see that behind the veneer Sharma was simmering with excitement and anticipation. Why not? Sharma had traversed the difficult terrain of the escarpment and now the open, uplands plain stretched before him. All he had to do was walk a few more steps and he would attain his goal. 
Sharma said, 'Kainar is dead. A great man of Kerina has passed away.’ He cleared his throat, tightened his hands on the chair in front of him, and pronounced firmly, ‘I had no hand in his death. Before Zabrazal, I am innocent in this matter.' Then he said more than Jina expected from him, and he said it with such vehemence that he was taken aback. Sharma said, 'May the blood of Kainar fall upon the house of Jina, and on the houses of those who assisted him, and on their fathers’ houses even to the second and third generations.'
There was a stir around the table. Everyone expected Sharma to deny responsibility for Kainar's death, because that was routine procedure. However, no one expected Sharma to curse the perpetrators and, what's more, to curse them so roundly and so thoroughly. Jina was startled and he was angry. He had been prepared to sit through a ritual denial but to be cursed publicly was humiliating and undeserved. Jina started to rise to protest but, in the face of the pensive silence around the table and Sharma’s tight-mouthed determination, he thought better of it and slumped back into his chair. 
Sharma caught his eye. He held it only for a moment before he dropped his gaze. In that moment, Jina saw acknowledgement of their complicity. But he also saw anger—and that he didn't expect. Was Sharma trying to convince himself that he, Jina, had talked him into doing something that he didn't want to do? Was Sharma trying to convince himself that he really was innocent?
Sharma collected himself and said evenly, 'We will bury Kainar this afternoon. I expect every commander to be present.' He looked at Jina stonily and repeated, 'Every commander will be present.' He paused and then said firmly, 'We will offer the respect that the death of a great man deserves. Rend your clothes and walk bare-footed before the body. All of Kerina must see how we honour one of our nation's great men.'
Sharma led the mourning procession and put on a good show, walking before the body and prostrating himself, weeping, over the grave. He also sang an improvised song of lament at the graveside. Jina looked on, feeling both moved and sceptical. Sharma was good at this sort of thing. He revelled in public performances and knew how to catch the popular mood. In fact, he knew how to work it up, how to bring emotions to fever pitch, and how to sustain them there. Today Sharma was acting the role of the populist, aflame with the mood of the people. But it was more than just an act—or, rather, it was a piece of inspired drama. The poet inside Sharma took flame on occasions like this and his spirit soared, just as it did with the bards and the prophets. 
Mecolo also took part in the funeral procession, weeping and lamenting. Was she really weeping for Kainar who, after all, had never been anything special to her? Or was she weeping for a death that reminded her of a vanished time when she had been confident, bold, and headstrong, a princess in the house of her father, the king? 
All through that afternoon, Sharma's denunciation rankled with Jina. Finally, even although it was late evening, he walked to Sharma’s quarters to remonstrate with Sharma. However, as he reached his door he turned back, thinking that it would do no good to speak to Sharma while he, Sharma, was in this mood. Jina returned to his rooms and sat there alone, thinking with bitter melancholy about the people who could have advised and supported him at this time. Dana was dead and so was Abozi. Only Sharma remained of those whom he had counted as friends and comrades—and right now there was a fissure of complicity and denial between them.
For the first time in many years, Jina ordered a flagon of wine. As he sat there sipping at the cup, he consoled himself by remembering how, after Izebol visited them, Sharma said to him, 'I need you. More than anyone, I need you.' Now, as Sharma entered into new territory, surrounded by ambitions, suspicions and intrigues, he would need him more than ever. Jina sipped at the cup again and thought yes, these things will pass, and Sharma will need him more than ever. 
On an impulse—probably wine-induced—Jina took off his belt, folded it neatly, and gave it to an attendant. He said, ‘Deliver to the king immediately.’
‘Is there a message, sir?’
‘No. The king will know what it means.’
Although Jina knew that he had done the right thing for the Kingdom of Kerina, he couldn't help thinking about Kainar. His mind replayed the moment of Kainar's death—that moment when Kainar gasped at him, 'Jina, you will never rest in peace.’ Then Jina plunged the dagger into Kainar’s writhing body for the third and last time. Yes, that's what Kainar said: 'Jina, you will never rest in peace.’ But what did Kainar know about peace, this man who never lifted a finger when Jina and his comrades were in prison; this man who ordered them to massacre civilians; this man who killed his brother, Abozi; this man who helped the usurper to stay on his throne? What did he know?
Jina tried to drive his words out of his mind even as they returned to him time and again. Jina told himself to forget about Kainar’s words and to forget about the subsiding gurgle that Kainar produced as he slumped in death. Jina knew that he had done the right thing. Over and over again, he told himself that he had avenged the death of his brother and had cleared the way for the kingdom to be re-united. With Kainar alive, the task of building a peaceful and united Kerina would have been more difficult; now it was simple and straight-forward. What was more important than that? Jina shrugged, put down the cup, and went to bed. He hoped desperately for a dreamless sleep, unlikely as it was.
The next morning, an attendant arrived with the belt. It had been polished and was shining with a deep lustre. With it was a note in Sharma’s handwriting that read, ‘Now as always, wear it as a sign of our friendship.’ As Jina turned the belt around, wondering what to do, he noticed again that the stain was still visible in spite of all the polishing, buffing, and rubbing. It reminded him of how much linked Sharma and him. What looked like a fissure from one point of view, from another point of view looked like two crags that were united by bedrock at their base. Jina shrugged off his anger and buckled the belt around his waist. There was still work to do and there were still slopes to be climbed.
The next time they met, Sharma’s eyes flickered to Jina’s waist and he gave a brief nod of acknowledgement.
Within a few weeks, Upper Kerina fell into Sharma's hands without Sharma having to do anything more than make a few surreptitious payments to members of the royal court. When the kingdom began to topple, there was no one to rally the army. In fact, there was no army at all. It melted away after Kainar’s death. Abandoned by his soldiers and then by his courtiers, Aebrel fled to Asjolorm, the nearest Dornite city. With him went five wives, seven concubines, more than twenty retainers, and a line of donkeys bearing the royal valuables. Only the wives and the concubines reached Asjolorm alive—and they entered the city as captives, lashed to their own donkeys. Aebrel and the rest of his party were murdered along the way and the caravan was looted. It was said that the thieves and murderers were more than just ordinary criminals. Perhaps it was true. Perhaps the Dornites decided to do away with Aebrel when they recognised that he was a spent force who had no value at all, not even as a nuisance factor. Perhaps Sharma...Who knew the truth? Anyway, who cared?
Sharma’s victory was complete. Once again, as they climbed higher, Jina and Sharma were bound together by the heady experience of success. However, there was also a new bond between them. Now they were also bound by the complicity of guilt. Although Jina didn’t think about it at the time, from now onwards the linked trajectories of their lives would no longer be so straight and uncomplicated. However, the fault-lines didn’t show at first, in those heady days of their ascent to power over the whole, once-more-united Kingdom of Kerina.

CHAPTER TWENTY: THE PRICE 

Jina entered the room just as Roda gave Mecolo such a shove that she hurtled back against the wall, thumping into it with a sound like a sack of grain hitting the floorboards of a wagon. Moreover, Roda didn't leave it there; she was onto Mecolo immediately, slapping, spitting, and cursing. Sharma got between them, shoving them apart, yelling at them to quit or he would have them confined to their rooms.
Jina stood there embarrassed, not sure what to do. ‘Come over to his quarters for a quiet evening,’ said Sharma. ‘Come over and we can relax for a while just like we used to do in the old days. God, Jina, do you remember how it used to be, sitting on top of a ridge, spinning the webs of our dreams, lying back in the grass and assuring ourselves that whatever the future held it was going to be good? And now—well, just look at us now. What's happened to us since Oridrin? Where has the time gone? Councils, stratagems, diplomacy, sitting in judgement, logistics, and goodwill visits—well, that's the way of the kingdom and it's the price we have to pay for getting what we wanted, isn't it, old friend? Anyway, forget about all that and come over for a quiet evening.’
As he held Roda and Mecolo apart and yelled at them, Sharma suddenly caught sight of Jina, standing there uncertain and embarrassed. Sharma bit his lip and squeezed the shoulders that he was holding so hard that both Roda and Mecolo shrieked in pain. He hissed, 'Quiet! We have company.' Sharma thrust the women apart, turned to Jina, adjusted his robe, and said as civilly as he could in the midst of his roused emotions, 'Jina! I wasn't expecting you so early. Come inside.'
'Perhaps if I came back later—'
'No, no, by no means. Come in and sit down.' Sharma motioned him to a chair by the fire. Jina settled in while Sharma went around behind the chair and talked to the women in low tones. Roda, voice raised in protest said, 'I will not stand for this woman and her—', while Sharma hissed, 'Enough! You will not say another word or I will have you confined to your room. Understand?' There was silence and then Jina heard the women walking out of the room. The footsteps were short, swift, and hard-heeled.
Sharma sat down, raised his eyebrows at Jina, and rang a bell. A servant appeared with a flagon of wine and two mugs, poured wine for each of them, and withdrew. Sharma raised his mug, looked at Jina over the rim and took a deep pull at his drink. Then, cradling the mug, he said, 'Welcome, Jina.' He raised his mug and sipped at the wine, trying to look as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Except for the twitching of his left eyelid, to outward appearances Sharma had regained control of his emotions. However, he sat forward in his chair, head slightly to one side, as if he was tensed to spring at any new disturbance.
Jina said as easily as he could, 'It's good to be here.'
Sharma nodded and took another deep pull at his drink. He wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, sighed heavily and refilled his mug. Then he raised the flagon and looked at him enquiringly. Jina said, 'No refill yet, thanks. I’m still busy with this one.'
Sharma said, 'You drink too slowly, Jina. It's not companionable.' He took another deep pull at his mug.
Jina replied, 'Oh, you know me, Sharma. I’m a slow starter. But I’m like the last sheep in the flock—I always get into the pen before the gate closes for the night.' Privately, Jina thought that this wasn't the first time that he had seen Sharma drinking quick and deep. When did it start? He couldn't remember Sharma drinking at all when they were outlaws together in the desert. Nor could he remember Sharma drinking much, if at all, during their early days in Oridrin. Thinking back, Jina reckoned that Sharma must have started his drinking towards the end of their time in Oridrin, not long before he ascended to the throne.
Sharma leaned forward, the yellow flecks in his eyes glinting. He said, 'Well, Jina, it's good to have you here. Just the two of us, eh?'
Jina raised his mug and said, 'Times change but friendship doesn't.'
Sharma grunted in acknowledgement, took another long pull at his mug, and refilled it. He sat back, raised an eyebrow, and said, 'When land and people reach the sea, eh, Jina?' Jina looked at him quizzically. Sharma asked, 'How far do we push the Dornites?'
'Push them? Man, Sharma, in case you haven't noticed we haven't even got them out of Kerina yet.'
Sharma waved a hand half in amusement and half in irritation, saying, 'Jina, Jina, you always were the cautious one.' He settled back with his mug held against his chest and asked, 'Do you doubt that we'll push them back over the escarpment within a few months?'
'Doubt it? Of course I doubt it. I doubt the outcome of every battle and every campaign until we've got the enemy on the run. Then, when I see their backsides retreating at a fast pace, I stop doubting—for a little while at least.'
Sharma chuckled. 'Maybe you've doubted a little bit less during these last few weeks, eh?'
Sharma had reason to be confident. Although they hadn't defeated the Dornites, they were closing the noose on them. When Sharma was crowned King of Kerina, the Dornites not only occupied a sizeable piece of Upper Kerina but were also exacting tribute in lieu of seizing more land. It was the arrangement that they imposed on the weak-kneed Aebrel and it was the way in which they intended that things should continue. Just to make sure that there wasn't any misunderstanding about their intentions, the Dornites didn't wait for Sharma to settle in. Before he had even been crowned, a Dornite army advanced from the south, burning and looting as it came. Fortunately, the new Army of Kerina force was able to hold the Dornites to a stalemate during a day-long battle. However, although there was not a clear victory, it was a moral victory for Kerina. For the first time since Vaxili's last years on the throne, a Dornite army had been halted. 
Jina and Sharma didn't wait for the Dornites to regroup. Using the experience that they gained in the desert, they began mobilising the inhabitants of the occupied territory to harass the Dornites. Soon the countryside was so unsafe for the Dornite forces that they had to travel in large numbers or not travel at all. More than that, the profits of their occupation were drastically reduced as traders and caravans were captured and looted. The Dornites were forced to protect themselves by retreating behind fortified positions in the occupied towns and by going to the trouble and expense of sending out only large caravans under heavy guard. The occupation of Upper Kerina was becoming an expensive and troublesome business for the Dornites.
Sharma leaned back in his chair and said in a relaxed voice, 'We've forced them onto the back foot, Jina. Now we have to put a wedge between their garrisons and their heartland.'
'Easier said than done, I would think.'
Sharma ran a finger around the edge of his mug and said thoughtfully, 'Another attack on Asjolorm, perhaps?' Jina raised his eyebrows. Sharma continued, 'Why don't we tackle them on two fronts? We could ravage Asjolorm and cut their supply lines while we take on their garrisons one by one.'
'It might work.'
'Think about it, Jina.' Sharma waved his mug at Jina unsteadily. 'We'll talk about it tomorrow, eh? No more business tonight. All right?'
Sometime during the evening, Sharma picked up a small bag and took out a sling. He shook out some pebbles from the bag and asked, 'How about it, Jina? Are you still up to it?'
'In here?'
'Why not? Isn't the king allowed to have some fun?' Sharma waved a hand around airily. 'The king proposes and the king disposes, not so?' Sharma rang a bell and a servant came in with a bucket, draped a blanket over a sideboard, and ranged the contents of the bucket on top. There were seven short pieces of wood, planed and varnished, the thickness of two fingers, and mounted on small bases. The targets were pitted all over, testifying to how often they had been used.
Jina observed, 'You are well prepared.'
Sharma gave him a slow smile and replied, 'The king should always be prepared.' He stood back, crouched, whirled the sling, and let fly. The pebble missed its target and clattered against the stone wall behind the sideboard. Sharma cursed, drank some wine, took aim again, and let fly. This time he hit the target. At the end of the round, he had hit five out of the seven targets. Sharma tossed the sling to Jina, saying, 'Your turn now.'
'I’m not in practice. I won't be much good.'
Sharma grunted. 'Huh! That's what you always used to say, and you were always better than you claimed.'
Jina  replied, 'But never as good as you.' In the event, he surprised himself by hitting three of the first four targets at which he aimed. Opting for caution, he deliberately missed one of the last three targets. Sharma grinned at him, raised his mug in salute, and said, 'It's a tie! Hail to the general.'
Later, they had a few more rounds with the sling. Watching Sharma crouch, eyes narrowed, balanced on the balls of his feet, the years fell away and Jina glimpsed the youthful Sharma out on the hillside taking aim at targets placed on top of a rock. He said something like that to Sharma who responded by grunting and letting fly with such force that the pebble sliced a sliver off the target and then shattered against the wall.
Surprisingly, in spite of the wine, Sharma's aim improved until during his last round he hit six out of seven targets. Still cautious, Jina made sure that he never exceeded Sharma’s score in any round. Afterwards, Sharma lay back in his chair and started to talk about the days when they roamed the hills looking after the sheep. He concluded by saying, 'When land and people reach the sea, eh?' He tossed the sling in the palm of his hand, looked at it pensively, and asked, 'Are we safe now, Jina?'
'Not as safe as we should be but safer than we were not long ago.'
Sharma grunted, 'Huh! Maybe that's true. But there's one enemy that's always with us, always working to destroy us. Do you know what that is, eh?' Jina shook his head. Sharma looked at him with half-closed eyes and pronounced, 'Complacency, Jina, complacency! That's the enemy that's always at the gates.'
It was after midnight when they parted. Sharma was drunk, while Jina had imbibed enough to fear that he would have a sore head in the morning. Jina shook his head in a vain attempt to clear it and started to walk across the courtyard. Suddenly, he felt a light touch on his arm. A voice hissed, 'Jina!' he turned and peered at the hooded figure standing next to him. It was Mecolo. She put a finger over his lips, took his arm, led him to a corner of the courtyard, and opened a door. Inside, Mecolo threw back the hood. By the light of the lamps, he could see that her eyes were red and her expression was strained.
Mecolo said in a tight voice, 'I need to talk to you, Jina.'
'It's late, my lady.'
'It'll only take a few minutes.' She put a hand on his arm. 'Please—only a few minutes?' He nodded—what else could he do? —and she pointed to a chair by the table. Mecolo sat down across the corner from him, leaning forward with folded arms. She forced a smile and asked, 'How are you, Jina?'
'Me? I’m fine. How are you, his lady?'
'Oh, Jina, we've known each other for a long time. We're old friends. Can't we just be Jina and Mecolo to each other?'
He thought, old friends? Just plain Jina and Mecolo? Well, that was never possible, was it? Once she was a king's daughter and he was a mere soldier or, at most, a deputy commander. Now she was a king's wife. Sharma might be his oldest friend but he had no illusions. Things weren't the same between them as in the old days. Nowadays Sharma was king first and he was his general. Those things counted far above the fact that they were old friends and comrades. 
Mecolo leaned forward and asked, 'Well, Jina? Can't we be just old friends together?'
'I’m always at your service, my lady.'
Mecolo winced and drew back. She dabbed at the corners of her eyes and asked stiffly, 'How is Sharma?'
'When I left him, he was well.'
'Drunk again, I’m sure.'
'We did enjoy some wine together, for old time's sake.'
Mecolo sat back and looked at him keenly. She said, 'Oh, Jina, I wish that I had as good a friend as Sharma has in you.' She dabbed at her eyes again and then suddenly burst out, 'I can't take it anymore! I simply cannot take it!'
'My lady?'
'You saw what happened! That loose-mouthed, sway-hipped creature speaks to me worse than she would to a serving girl in her father's kitchen! And Sharma—!'
'Calm yourself, my lady.'
Mecolo brushed him aside and cried out, ‘And Sharma supports her. It's them against me—always them against me. You saw what happened, didn't you? You could see it was them against me.'
'I’m afraid I hardly saw anything at all. I just arrived and—'
'Oh, don't pretend you don't know what's going on just because you're Sharma's friend.'
'My lady, I am truly sorry that you are distressed.'
'Why did he want me back with him? If this was how I was going to be treated, why didn't he just leave things the way they were? Why?'
'I suppose he brought you back because you are his wife and the mother of his child.'
'Oh, that's charitable! Do you know what I think? I think that he brought me back to humiliate me for what my father did to him. No, don't shake your head. I know it to be the case.'
'My lady, he—'
'Well, I can understand why he treats me like this. I hate it but I can understand it. But why does he humiliate our son? The boy has nothing to do with his grandfather. Nothing! Nothing at all! On the contrary—my father despised him because he was Sharma's son. Don't be fooled by his name Bedaxili, "Beloved of Vaxili". That was nothing but a piece of cruel irony—a name to annoy Sharma! The truth is, my father hated his grandson.' Mecolo pressed her fists against her temples, closed her eyes, and bit her bottom lip. Then she thumped a fist on the table and cried, 'I will not have my son suffer because of what lies between Sharma and me!' She put her head on her hands and sobbed.
Jina was embarrassed. Also, he was at a loss about how to respond. He said inadequately, 'My lady, calm yourself. Sharma has a lot on his mind. He's a busy man. Perhaps you are reading too much into the situation.'
'He's not too busy to take sides, though!' Mecolo raised her head and fired the words at Jina. Then she sat up, straightened her back, and wiped her eyes. She shook her head briskly and said, 'I am the daughter of a king and I am the wife of a king—and look at me! Just look at me, Jina—weeping in my room in the dark hours of the night. But I tell you one thing, for sure, Jina—no one will ever see me weep outside this room.'
'I understand, my lady.'
'No, Jina, you don't. You think I’m weeping for myself. Well, perhaps I am, to some extent. But if I am, then I am ashamed. I will not allow myself to indulge in self-pity. No, Jina, I’m weeping for our son.' Mecolo gave him a fierce look. 'Bedaxili is heir to the throne. That is what concerns me. You understand?'
'I think that I do.'
Mecolo's eyes softened and she leaned forward as if trying to coax sympathy out of Jina. She asked, 'Will you support me in this, Jina?'
'Support you, my lady? How?'
Mecolo’s eyes were still red-rimmed but now they were sharp and her gaze was direct. She said slowly and distinctly, 'There should be no doubt about succession. Bedaxili is Sharma's oldest son and that should be the end of the matter.’
‘That is so, my lady.’
‘Ah! But who knows what that creature might be planning for her own sons?' Mecolo put a hand over Jina’s and said softly, 'That's what concerns me, Jina.' Jina retracted his hand, sat back, and looked at her in consternation. He wasn't certain of what exactly she wanted from him, but whatever it was, he wasn't happy about the direction in which she was heading. Mecolo smiled wryly and said, 'Oh, Jina, don't look at me like that. You're always so correct and proper, aren't you? I’m not asking you to do anything subversive. I’m just asking you to do what's right.'
'And what is right in this case?'
'What's right is very simple—you should support the legitimate heir to the throne.'
Jina took some time to think about the matter. Of course, in one sense it was a simple matter, an open and shut case. Bedaxili was the legitimate heir to the throne. Nothing could change Bedaxili’s status as Sharma's first-born son. That fact stood out like a beacon on a hill. However, Jina had a skin-prickling, uneasy sense that the beacon did not have solid foundations. He replied cautiously, 'Any challenge to your son's status as heir to the throne would be bad for Kerina.'
Mecolo pursed her lips and looked at him appraisingly. She cried, 'Yes, exactly! That's what concerns me. Yes, that's it—exactly!'
'Then, my lady, we understand each other.'
Mecolo’s face brightened. However, her eyes were sharp and shrewd when she said, 'My father couldn't keep Kerina together. Now Sharma has another chance. If we love Kerina, then we must ensure that the kingdom doesn't come to the same sad end. You agree, don't you?'
'I do, my lady. We have struggled too hard and suffered too much to see the kingdom fall apart again.'
Mecolo leaned forward, hands clasped together, and said, 'Oh, Jina, you're a dark horse, aren't you?'
'My lady?'
'Trustworthy, brave, dependable Jina! But underneath that stoical front you have a grand vision, don't you?'
'My lady, I do have one vision, and one vision only—the dream of Kerina, safe, secure, and dignified. That is the only vision that I allow myself.'
Mecolo stood up and smoothed down her robe. As she did so, briefly stretching the fabric across her breasts and easing it down her hips, he caught a glimpse of the younger Mecolo in a time that seemed both near and remote. Also, thinking of that time, catching a glimpse of Mecolo's womanly form, he remembered a time when he lay on a hillside under the clouds with someone whose tunic stretched across a shape that generated a shock of lightning across the ridges of his body. The thought flashed through him only for a moment before he shook his head to clear it of such distractions.
Mecolo looked at him speculatively before she said, 'Dana would have been proud of you, Jina. What a pity that—'
'My lady! I am always at your service. But, once again, I must ask you one thing—please never speak about Dana.'
'I’m sorry, Jina.'
'The fact is, as I said to you, I have only one dream and one aspiration. Everything else is behind me. There are doors that have shut and will remain shut.'
'I understand, Jina.'
'Thank you for understanding, my lady.'
They walked to the door. There Mecolo laid a hand on his arm and said, 'We do understand each other in more ways than one, don't we, Jina?'
'We understand each other in all ways that tend towards the good of Kerina, my lady.'
Jina walked across the dark courtyard. His head was clear—no trace of wine-induced dullness now, he was pleased to note—but he felt desperately tired. Well, there was a reason for that, wasn't there? He was an early-to-bedder and now it was two hours past midnight. However, he knew that wasn't the main reason. The fact was that his conversation with Mecolo brought home to him how wearisome it was to climb the heights to the top of the long-beckoning peak only to find that broken, upland country stretched for infinity beyond that. What was more, the peak had always been clear and sharply defined even if they sometimes slipped and slid on their way towards it. But now the country beyond it seemed to be shrouded and threatening, requiring ever more effort and ever more wariness as they picked their way across it

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE: TIME TO SETTLE DOWN

Jina recognised him immediately, the moment he entered the room. There was no hiding his half-severed right ear, red hair, and granite-contoured features. Of course, he looked older. Time had brought streaks of grey to his hair as well as rotundity to his formerly square frame. 
'Zaliek! By all that's wonderful, it's you!'
Zaliek grinned at Jina as he grasped his hands, saying in his characteristically deep growl, 'It's been a long time. The last time I saw you, you were a deputy commander recovering from a fever and looking like death itself. And now you're General Jina, commander in chief of the Kerinian forces!'
'How long has it been? Almost twenty years? Is that right?'
Zaliek nodded and continued to grin at him. 'Twenty years is about right.'
Jina motioned Zaliek to a chair. Zaliek put his helmet down, took off his breastplate, and sat down with his knees apart and his hands resting squarely on his thighs. Jina took the chair opposite him, across the corner of the table. They sat there looking each other up and down, grinning with pleasure. Jina said, 'I should have known that you would turn up soon. I was thinking about you just the other day.'
'Pleasant thoughts, I hope?'
'Pleasant now that I look back on the events, for sure! Last week I rode out with my divisional commanders along the road south of Thania. For some reason, I started thinking about the march on the night when we left camp before the first battle of Gandonda. Do you remember?'
'Remember? Man, how can I forget it?  It was chaos and more like a cattle drive than an army on the march.'
Jina grinned as memories came flooding back to him. 'The men dived for cover in the bush when the first messenger on a horse came past them. You yelled, "How the hell do you think you’re going to stand up to the Dornite cavalry when you run like children from a single horse?" You had to kick some members of the squad in the backsides to get them moving again.'
Zaliek chuckled and said, 'You were a lot of greenhorns. It's a wonder you weren't all completely wiped out at Gandonda. And as for that idiot Vaxili, taking you into battle with no strategy except advance in line abreast, if you can call that a strategy—' Zaliek shook his head in disbelief. Then he said, 'Kerinian armies are better organised these days, from what I hear.'
'We can put Dornites in their place at last.'
Zaliek winked at him. 'Looks like you learned something in basic training, eh?'
'Oh, I don't know about that. I learned was that the best thing about basic training was getting out of basic training.'
They sat there grinning appraisingly at each other for a while. Then Zaliek grunted and said, 'I hardly recognised Thania—paved streets, a market place, fine houses—it looks like a capital city at last.' Zaliek shook his head in admiration and pointed out of the window. 'And look at that—the royal palace! What a change, eh? When I was here last, the palace consisted of a few old houses with a compound wall around them. And now—just look at it!'
Jina gestured to the map on the wall behind the table and said, 'The palace is bigger and so is Kerina.'
Zaliek peered at the map and asked, 'Wasn't there a saying about land and people reaching the sea?'
'The saying was, “Kerina only shall be free, when land and people meet the sea.” It was a prophecy by the oracle at Osighina.'
Still peering at the map, Zaliek observed, 'Well, General Jina, Kerina has reached the sea in a big way, hasn't it? How many independent Dornite cities are left?'
'Only one.'
'Only one? Let me guess—that's Durgenu's territory, isn't it?' Jina nodded. Zaliek shook his head admiringly. 'The crafty old bastard! He always did know how to walk on the edge of the ravine without falling in.'
Jina said in a politic tone, half sincerely and half deprecatingly, 'Kerina punishes her enemies and rewards her friends.'
Zaliek raised his eyebrows at him sardonically. Then he gave a short laugh, pointed at the map, and asked, 'That green blotch down in the south-east—is that all Durgenu's territory?'Jina nodded. Zaliek whistled admiringly and observed, 'I hope he deserves a reward as big as that.'
Jina replied, ‘When we were outcasts in the desert, Durgenu gave us supplies and took care of our families. In fact, he took special care of my mother. Later, when we needed arms and equipment for Lower Kerina, Durgenu provided them. He also provided us with mercenaries. More than that, he's stayed out of every war we've ever fought against the Dornites'
Zaliek put up his hands and laughed. 'Oh, Durgenu's a noble soul, all right. From what you say, he deserves whatever he's been given as well as a few medals on top of it.' Zaliek got to his feet, walked over to the map, and hauled out something from the folds of his tunic. With the contraption held to his nose, he peered at the map.
Jina asked, 'Zaliek, what in heaven's name is that?'
Zaliek held it out for Jina to see. 'This is called a pair of spectacles.' Seeing the look on Jina’s face, Zaliek chuckled deeply and asked, 'Never seen anything like it before, have you?'
Jina looked closely at the contraption, which consisted of two round pieces of glass separated by a curved bridge and held in place with a slender metal frame. Jina asked, 'What's it for?'
Zaliek balanced it on Jina’s nose and said, 'Take a look at the map.' As Jina peered through the pieces of glass, Zaliek asked, 'Do you see any difference?'
'Perhaps!' Jina pushed the contraption more firmly onto his nose, peered again, and said, 'Things seem to be a bit clearer.'
'Only a bit clearer? That shows the difference in our ages, General Jina. In my case, I couldn't see any of those small names without it.' 
Jina gave the spectacles back to him, sat down, and asked, 'Where did you get them?'
Zaliek held the spectacles up to the light, breathed on them, wiped them carefully with the hem of his tunic, and put them away. He said, 'I got them in Wejigara. There are some clever people there.'
'Wejigara, eh? That's a long way from here.'
Zaliek looked at him keenly and asked, 'Have you had dealings with Wejigara?'
'They sent a diplomatic delegation to visit us about five years ago. We entertained them, held discussions, and then waved goodbye to them.'
'What did they want?'
'We couldn't quite work that out. While they were here, they tried to get as much information out of us as possible, but they didn't give us much in return. They left with invitations to seal an agreement of eternal friendship, co-operation, and lucrative trade, but we didn't hear anything more from them. Sharma thought of returning the compliment by sending a delegation to visit them, but finally we didn't bother. As far as we could see, they were just here to sniff around and see if there was any profit to be got out of us.'
Zaliek snorted. 'Sounds like Wejigara, all right. They’re a sharp lot.'
'How do you know about Wejigara?'
'I've just arrived from Wejigara. I was living there.'
'Are you going back?'
Zaliek shook his head. 'No. I can't take that mountain climate any longer. Man, I tell you, even in the middle of summer the wind cuts through you like an icy knife. And as for the winters—' He shook his head and continued, 'I finished my second contract with them and decided that it was time to settle down somewhere warmer.' Zaliek sat back and looked at Jina expectantly.
Jina asked, 'Somewhere like Kerina?'
'It's a lot warmer than Wejigara, that's for sure.' 
Jina teased Zaliek by saying, 'We're not training new recruits to fight the Dornites any more, Commander Zaliek. We have the Dornites well under control.'
'But what about the Usserdites? Are they also under control?' Zaliek looked at Jina shrewdly.
'The Usserdites? Well, of course, they're a restless lot. With them, we can't take anything for granted.'
Zaliek pointed at the map and chuckled knowingly. 'Especially now that you've pushed them back from the Great River, eh?'
'We need the Western River Strip for our own people, not to mention our own security.'
Zaliek got up, put the spectacles on his nose, and looked at the map. He whistled in surprise. 'You've taken a lot of territory on the other of side the river, haven't you?'
'We had an ancestral claim to it.'
'You did?'
'Of course we did! In the old days, when the People of Kerina were on the move, we occupied most of that territory.'
Zaliek asked sceptically, 'Courtesy of the local inhabitants?'
'By right of conquest.'
'What happened after that?'
'The Usserdites forced our people out about a hundred years ago. They colluded with the Dornites.'
Zaliek raised his eyebrows. 'Colluded with the Dornites, eh? And I guess they've never been forgiven for it?'
'Forgiveness is not the issue. The point is that we've taken back what belongs to us—and that's the end of the matter.'
Zaliek sat down, sniffed, scratched his nose, and asked, 'Do you have place for one more commander in your army?'
'Someone who tried to make soldiers out of a bunch of Vaxili's first recruits?'
'That's the sort of person that I had in mind.'
'Someone who tried to teach some of the same soldiers to ride horses, even if all they knew up until then was herding sheep and riding on wagons?'
'You've got it, General Jina. That sounds exactly like the person that I've got in mind.'
Jina asked, 'Would a five-year contract do?'
Zaliek frowned and scratched his head. 'To tell the truth, I was thinking of something longer than that. It's time for me to settle down.'
'The peripatetic Commander Zaliek wants to settle down? Well, that is news!'
Zaliek shifted self-consciously and said, 'The fact is, I have a reason for wanting to settle down. I have a wife and son.'
'You have? Where are they?'
'We're staying at an inn just down the road.'
'I'd like to meet them.'
Zaliek looked pleased when Jina said that. He replied, 'My wife would like to meet you, too. I've told her a lot about you.'
'What about your son? Doesn't he also want to meet his father's old comrade in arms, namely the famous General Jina?'
Zaliek's face brightened even more at the mention of his son. He said, 'One day he'll hear all about you but right now he's a bit young. He's only two years old.'
Jina looked at Zaliek, sitting there with his weathered face alight with pleasure. Images of the past came to his mind. He visualised Zaliek bellowing at them on the parade ground, Zaliek leading their unit to safety after the first battle of Gandonda, Zaliek sitting with him outside the sick bay when he was recovering from the fever … Jina responded, 'Yes, I guess that we could consider something longer than a five-year contract. I'll talk to Sharma.'
'How is Sharma?'
'Sharma? Oh, he's all right. He's got a lot on his mind, big responsibilities, and so on—you know how it is, the crown sits heavily on the head that wear it—he gets distracted sometimes. But, basically, he's fine. Of course, he'll want to see you when he's got time.' Jina stood up and said, 'I'll see what he can do. Perhaps we could meet at about the same time tomorrow?' 
Zaliek got to his feet, clapped him on a shoulder, and said, 'Thank you, comrade. I appreciate it.'
At the door, Jina asked Zaliek, 'How long were you in Wejigara?'
'About twenty years.'
'You went there straight from—?'
'That's right. When Vaxili had you and your mates locked up, I knew that it wouldn't be long before they came for me as well. I got out of Kerina right away.'
Next morning, on his way to the headquarters building, Jina stopped at the inn where Zaliek was staying. He was curious to see Zaliek’s family. In fact, he could hardly believe that Zaliek really had a wife and child. Jina always thought of Zaliek as the quintessential professional-for-hire, a loner who would keep himself free to move on to the next assignment once he had exhausted the possibilities in the current situation. More than that, in Jina’s mind, Zaliek always seemed to be a rough-and-tumble sort of fellow whose identity was completely bound up with his comrades and with his profession. And now Zaliek was a family man. He had to see it for himself.
When Jina arrived, Zaliek and his family were eating breakfast in the front room of the inn. Zaliek jumped to his feet, shook his hand, and asked in a low voice, 'Have you spoken to Sharma?'
Jina said, ‘I’m seeing him later today. I’ll let you know as soon as we’ve got something arranged for you. Don’t worry, it will be all right.’
Zaliek relaxed and gestured to the table. He said, 'Meet my family.'
Zaliek's wife was a beauty. Jina literally stopped in his tracks when he got his first look at her. However, it was not only her good looks that stopped him, but the fact that she reminded him so much of Dana. She had the same small build, the same athletic, compact body, and the same luminous eyes. Of course, there were differences. Shani had the darker skin and the purple-tinged black curly hair of the people of the distant south-western interior. Also, her eyes pulled at the corners, so that she looked like a sleek animal: an otter or a fox, perhaps. Later, as Jina got to know her, he came to think of her as an animal that was always curled up within itself, alert and self-aware even when it appeared to be relaxed. 
Zaliek introduced Jina to Shani. Jina took her hand and muttered a few words of welcome while she looked up at him calmly, smiled gravely, and said, 'So this is General Jina. It is a great pleasure to meet you at last. Zaliek has told me so much about you.'
Jina said something awkward like, 'Only good things, I hope.' Even as he said the words, he knew that they didn't sound clever or original. He remembered another woman who made him gauche and tongue-tied when he wanted to make a good impression, and he cursed himself inwardly. He felt even sillier when he noticed that Zaliek was looking at him curiously. Then Zaliek took Jina’s arm and said, 'Sit down and join us.' As Zaliek moved him away, Jina realised that he had been standing there wide-eyed, holding Shani's hand, saying nothing after his first vapid words.
Jina tried to cover his tracks by muttering, ‘So Zaliek really is married? I can hardly believe it.’ He sat down across the table from them while Zaliek put his arm around Shani, laughed mischievously and said, 'Look at Jina's face! He didn't believe me when I said that I had a wife.'
Jina responded, 'It’s a big surprise.'
Zaliek asked, 'Well, what do you think of her, then?' He sat back and looked at his wife, stroking her hair at the nape of her neck.
Jina replied, 'I’m pleased to see you all looking so happy.'
Zaliek snapped his fingers and said, 'You haven't met my son. His name is Dipok.' Jina leaned over and shook the little fellow's hand. Zaliek said, 'Looks like his father, eh?'
Jina responded, 'No, on the contrary! He's too handsome for that. His father is a weather-beaten, rough-faced old rogue, so he must take after his mother.'
Shani lowered her eyes modestly as a good wife should and Zaliek laughed in delight. 'That's good, that's good! It makes me happy to hear it. The more he has of his mother, the luckier he'll be. All he needs from me is a big chest and arms like hams. The rest he can get from his mother.'
Shani ran a hand down Zaliek's cheek and said softly, 'Oh, Zaliek, you are a big fool. The more your son is like you, the more I'll love him. You know that.'
That silenced Zaliek. Jina thought that with his lowered his eyes and his trembling bottom lip, Zaliek looked just like a lovesick youth. Not for the first time by any means, Jina wondered at how a boisterous, vigorous, self-confident man could be made tractable by a touch, a glance, and a word from a woman. Thinking of this and looking at Shani, Jina thought that perhaps if Dana had lived, he would have understood. He shook his head to get the thought out of his mind. It was nothing but vain and painful speculation.
Zaliek took his son onto his lap, rubbed his chin against the boy's head, and said fondly, 'Ah, he's our son, isn't he, no matter where he gets his looks from. He's got a father to teach him how to take care of himself and a mother to teach him all the finer things in life. Life will be his for the picking.'

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO: DECISIONS

Zaliek accepted Jina and Sharma’s offer of a position as senior commander on an indefinite contract. However, Zaliek set one condition—that, just as in the past, he would never be required to take up arms against the Dornites. When he set the condition, Jina said, 'Zaliek, you should explain your position. We have a right to know why we're making an exception for you.'
Zaliek nodded, sat down, and told Jina his story. Zaliek was born the youngest son of a chief of one of the tribes that comprised the federation of Bakuel, which was situated about five day's journey to the south of Kitilat. His father died when Zaliek was twenty years of age. The body was prepared for disposal in the traditional way: by burning it on a pyre. Furthermore, also as was traditional, Zaliek’s mother would die in the same fire. 
Zaliek burst out, 'That's barbaric!'
Zaliek gave Jina a long look and rubbed his chin thoughtfully before he replied, 'I've been a soldier long enough to see that the death of a willing wife in the funeral flames may be less barbaric than what soldiers do to people in the ordinary course of their business.'
‘Your mother went to her death willingly?’
‘I didn’t say that. What I meant was that if a woman went to the flames willingly, it might not be barbaric. I didn’t say that my mother was willing, did I?’ Then Zaliek told him the rest of the story. His mother wasn't originally from Bakuel. She had been raised further to the south, the daughter of a chief, and her marriage had been arranged to cement a political alliance. Nevertheless, the marriage was a happy one. However, on the night before the funeral, she came to Zaliek and said simply, 'My son, I can't do it. It's not the tradition of my people. I don't have the strength of belief to face the flames.' What was Zaliek to do? As one of the chief's sons, he was expected to uphold the traditions of the clan. In fact, whatever his misgivings, he had been prepared to be present at the funeral, taking part in the traditional ceremonies while his parents, united in death as in life, ascended together to the gods amidst the flames. It was the ages-old way of the dead and no one ever questioned it. But now his own mother was begging him to find a way out for her.
Zaliek told Jina that it was one of the most difficult decisions that he ever made. On the one hand, he had been brought up to respect the traditions of his clan. On the other hand, he couldn't face the thought of his mother being dragged to the funeral pyre, screaming and writhing, desperate in her resistance. If he didn't help her, he would always be haunted by the thought that he had betrayed her. If he did help her, he would be an outcast. After considering all the options, he gave in to his mother's request and rode away with her that night. 
But where to go? First, they tried to find refuge in her homeland. They wouldn't accept her there, fearing the consequences. Next, they went to Kitilat and stayed there for a while. However, Zaliek's brothers tracked them down and demanded that they should be returned to the clan to be punished. Kitilat had good trade relations with the nations of the interior and there was a strong possibility that the King of Kitilat would surrender Zaliek and his mother, so once again, they fled. This time, they travelled down the coast until they arrived at Griwasta, a Dornite city, where Zaliek took service as a mercenary.
Zaliek said, 'We lived there for four years. After all that time, we thought that we were safe. But my brothers finally tracked us down there as well.'
'Why did they go to all that trouble?'
Zaliek replied, 'They believed that our father's spirit wouldn't rest in peace until our mother was sacrificed in the traditional manner. What's more, they said that the people were being haunted by my father's spirit: crops were withering, cattle and sheep were dying of diseases, and so on.'
'Did you believe those things?'
Zaliek shrugged. 'I used to believe in the old traditions and the old notions. That was before I had to make a choice.' He grunted sceptically and tugged at his ear. 'Nowadays, I think it's just ignorance and superstition, plain and simple. A man should learn to think for himself, not so?' He grinned ironically. 'Why are we the only ones whose spirits don't rest in peace if their wives don't die with them? How come the spirits of Dornite men, your men, the men of Kitilat, and the men of every other nation that I've ever encountered, don't get restless if their wives don't die with them? You see what I mean?' Zaliek spread his hands and continued, 'You can say that I’m just finding excuses for helping my mother. Maybe I am. But I'll tell you one thing—I can’t speak for other people's restless spirits but I sure as hell would have a restless spirit if I had abandoned my mother when she appealed to me for assistance.'
They sat there quietly for a time. Jina was thinking that he was seeing other facets of Zaliek. He had seen one facet when, while he was wracked by fever, Zaliek sat by his bedside just to watch over him and warn him that he was in danger. Now he was seeing more sides to Zaliek. Jina said, 'You're a dark horse, aren't you?' Zaliek raised his eyebrows. Jina continued, 'I was thinking about the time you warned me about Vaxili's intentions.'
'It didn't do any good, did it? Vaxili was too damn quick.'
'That makes no difference. You took a risk warning me.'
Zaliek said bluntly, 'I'd do the same for a friend any time.'
Friend? Jina had never thought of Zaliek as his friend. In the old days, he respected Zaliek as a soldier and as an instructor—as a man, too, come to that—but there was always a professional distance between them. Friend? For sure, Zaliek was a dark horse. Zaliek was looking at Jina with a frown and with questioning eyes. Jina covered his thoughts by saying, 'I was just thinking about the old days. Sorry, I interrupted you. You were telling me about you and your mother in Griwasta.'
Zaliek settled back in his chair and continued, 'My brothers sent messengers to ask that we should be handed over to them. At first I thought that we were wasting their time but it wasn't too long before I got wind that the city fathers were giving serious thought to the matter.'
Jina asked, 'What reason could a Dornite city have to give in to a demand made by a place that they probably couldn't even find on a map?'
Zaliek said gloomily, 'Don't underestimate the power of money.' His face clouded, his mouth tightened and he continued, 'The magistrates in Griwasta put my mother under guard.' He gave a short laugh. 'They called it protective custody. I knew that I would be next so I decided to get my mother out of there and move on.' He paused and his eyes narrowed.
'Easier said than done?'
'For sure!' Zaliek smiled grimly. 'The guards didn't take kindly to my demand that they should release my mother. I killed two of them, but the third grabbed hold of my mother.' His lips tightened. 'That was when my mother died.'
'The guard killed your mother?'
Zaliek's eyes narrowed even further. He said in a low voice, 'I killed her.'
'What? You killed her?'
'It was an accident. I attacked the guard, thinking that I could avoid hurting my mother. But the guard pushed her in front of him and my sword went through her.' Zaliek's voice rose. 'I just about went crazy. I killed that guard—damn near hacked him to pieces. Then I tried to carry my mother out of there. I thought that she might still be alive or, if not, that I should give her a proper burial. Anyway, to cut a long story short, they chased me and wounded me. Have you ever wondered where I lost half my ear? Well, I left it behind that day in Griwasta.' Zaliek’s eyes clouded. 'I got away, but I had to leave my mother behind. She was dead anyway, but—oh, damn it, at least I could have buried her properly.' Zaliek slammed a fist on the table and cried out, 'Do you know what they did with her body? They threw it down an old well. It was called the Pauper's Well. Just like that—threw her body down a well!'
There was a long silence. When Jina said, 'I’m sorry about your mother', Zaliek just gave him a sombre look and shook his head vigorously as if he was trying to shake the heaviness out of it. Then Zaliek said quietly, 'You remember what I told you a long time ago, during basic training—a soldier should forget about resentment and revenge?'
'I remember. You said that they get in the way of clear thinking.'
Zaliek nodded. 'That's the real reason why I won't fight against the Dornites. Those reasons that you heard from me a long time ago, about what the Dornites would do to me if they captured me—well, they’re true enough but they’re not the real reasons. The fact is, if I did fight against them, I might go crazy—battle-crazy, battle-lust, whatever it's called. Maybe that's all right for an ordinary soldier, but for an officer …' He shook his head. 'I couldn't take the risk. It would be dangerous for my men. It would be unprofessional.'
After Zaliek rented a house in Thania and settled down with his family, Jina got into the habit of dropping in to see them from time to time and Shani often invited him to stay for a meal. She was a vegetarian whose dishes were so enticing that he forgot that meat, one of Kerina's staple foods, was missing from what he ate at her table. While they ate, she would tell him about Wejigara. Jina learned about the pine forests, the houses made of pitch and wood, and the terraced fields of wheat and mustard seed next to broad rivers in deep valleys. After the meal, they would relax with mugs of honey-flavoured liquor, a specialty of Wejigara, while Dipok fell asleep on Shani’s lap. Then, when Shani left the room to put the boy to bed, Zaliek would say softly, 'Dipok is a fine lad, isn't he? What’s more, he’s smart. Anybody can see that. You know, one day I’m going to send him to the Academy of Philosophy in Orifinre. He'll be a gentleman and a scholar, not a rolling stone like his father. His grandfather was a chief and he deserves the best that I can give him.' Zaliek never spoke to Jina about his wife but he didn't have to tell him how he felt. Jina could see how Zaliek’s eyes followed Shani wherever she went and how he lingered behind her chair, touching her shoulder or caressing her hair at the nape. 
Sometimes Jina felt guilty about visiting them. He liked to be with Zaliek but the fact was that Shani sharpened the attraction of his visits. She reminded him so much of Dana that he sometimes felt as if she was surrounded by an aura that projected Dana's presence to him. It was so strong that occasionally he had to stop himself from calling her 'Dana'. Shani would catch him looking at her and she would drop her eyes. Then she would glance at him quickly, slightly sideways with her head tilted, in just the manner that Dana used to do. As she did so, Shani would smile secretively. When she did that, Jina would curse himself silently. Damn it, did Shani think that he was flirting with her? But, then, what else was she to think when she caught him staring at her so intently? What else was she to think when, having caught his eye, she saw him turn away in confusion? 
There was something else about Shani that interested him: he couldn't properly work out how she felt about Zaliek. Her only response to Zaliek's touches and affectionate words was a small smile of acknowledgement that was almost condescending, as if she thought that these things were no more than her due and, moreover, were of little consequence. When Jina complimented her on her cooking, she would say tightly, 'We do our best with what we have.' She said it in a way that suggested that she regretted not having finer and better things at her disposal although, in fact, he couldn't see that she had any reason to complain. Moreover, as they settled in, more and more expensive items began to appear in the house, such as thick-piled carpets, luxurious wall hangings, and delicate glassware. Shani wore robes made of the finest material that was imported from the best looms of Kitilat. In addition, their house was in the most expensive district of Thania, close to the palace. Jina knew what Zaliek earned and he wondered how he could afford to spend at such a rate. 
On the other hand, as a housewife and as a mother, Shani seemed to be irreproachable. She ran the house quietly and efficiently without any fuss. Perhaps she could be criticised on the grounds that she arranged her son's life rather too much like the way that she ran the house, quietly and efficiently, but the boy was always well dressed, well behaved, and treated with affection.  Most importantly, he looked happy.
Although Shani often spoke about her homeland, she never spoke about her own background. Mostly, Jina learned about that from things that Zaliek said. Over time, Jina pieced together the facts that Shani was the youngest daughter of a small farmer. When Zaliek met her, she was serving food and drink in a tavern. From Zaliek's jocular references to their courtship, it appeared that she actively encouraged Zaliek's advances. Four months after they met, they were married against the wishes of her parents who didn't like the idea of their daughter marrying a stranger, and a wandering mercenary, at that. Jina often wondered why Shani married Zaliek, who was about twenty years older than her and came from a different culture and background. Did Shani really fall in love with this big, gruff, roughly-kind fellow, or did she view him as a means of escape from the verdant but confining valley in which she was born and raised? Was there some other reason? Jina never knew the answer.
Once Jina called at the house when Zaliek was out. He made his excuses and turned to go but Shani said winningly, 'Oh, Jina, don't be so prim and proper! Zaliek will be back soon. Come inside and wait for him.'
Jina hesitated and then yielded. Shani served him refreshments and then excused herself. When she came back a few minutes later, she was wearing earrings and a richly brocaded robe. It had a scalloped, low-cut neck and was gathered under her breasts so that his gaze was drawn to the smooth expanse of her chest and the curve of her bosom. She caught his eye, laughed lightly, and put her hand to her chest. Then she laughed again and fluttered her hand while she asked if he would like a mug of lemon juice.
Jina took the mug, sipped at it, and asked, 'Where is Dipok?'
'Dipok? Oh, he's asleep. He usually takes a nap at this time.' 
Jina felt even more uncomfortable and said, 'I really can't stay for long. I'll call again this evening when Zaliek is home.'
Shani wrinkled her nose and frowned, looking both annoyed and amused. She said, 'Oh, Jina, you've only just arrived. You bachelors are always hungry. Here, do have some currant bread.' He put up his hands in refusal but she clucked her tongue impatiently, saying, 'I've just finished baking it and I'll be really annoyed if you don't have some.' She leaned forward, covering her chest with one hand while she handed the plate to him. He took a piece of bread half reluctantly, but also half pleased to have a reason to stay a little longer.
Jina started to make light conversation but Shani leaned over, laid a finger across his lips, and said, 'Now that I've got the chance, I want to speak to you about Zaliek.' He looked at her quizzically but she went straight on and said, 'He deserves better, don't you think?'
'Better?'
'Yes. He's a good commander, isn't he?' Jina nodded cautiously, wondering what she was getting at. Shani said, 'Also, you must admit that he's brave and highly experienced.' Jina nodded again. Shani waggled a finger at him as if he was a naughty boy and continued, 'There you are, Jina. Now you see that he deserves better.'
'Well, I didn't say—'
'Oh, Jina, don't be so modest. A man of your standing and influence can do it easily.'
'Do what?'
'Why, get a promotion for Zaliek, of course. I thought you agreed that he deserves it.'
'Hold it, Shani, hold it! I can't just dish out promotions like sweet cakes at a New Moon festival.'
'Oh, Jina, you're so professional and absolutely, completely incorruptible! Everybody admires you for that. But don't you think you're being just a little bit too careful in Zaliek's case?'
'Too careful? I don't—'
'Of course, you wouldn't want to be suspected of favouritism. Of course not! But, on the other hand, you should guard against being unfair to Zaliek just because of your long acquaintance.'
'I’m not being unfair to him!'
'No, no, of course not. That's not what I’m saying. But don't you think you're being too strict in his case just because you're friends?'
'To tell the truth, I—'
'You must understand, Jina, that I would never suggest this for myself.' While she was speaking, Shani came around to his side of the table and refilled his mug. She stood close to him, brushing his shoulder with her thigh. As she leaned forward with the jug, he had to fight down an urge to put a hand on her body just to feel the firm roundness that he knew lay underneath her robe. Still leaning forward, Shani chuckled throatily and glanced at him sideways. She murmured a question about whether she had served him enough juice and he grunted a reply, unable to trust himself to say anything. Then she straightened and stood close behind him, smoothing her robe. Jina could hear her and sense her but couldn't see her. Then she chuckled again in the same way and walked to the other side of the table. 
Jina steadied himself, cleared his throat, and asked, 'So you would like to be the wife of a deputy general?'
'On, no, Jina! You misunderstand me!' Shani waved a hand around the room. 'What else could I want? You can see for yourself that we want for nothing. We live simply, to be sure, but it's quite comfortable and homely.' She wrinkled her nose as she said the last word. Then she added in a matter-of-fact tone, 'I have a loyal husband and a fine son.' She wrinkled her nose again. 'What more could any woman want?'
'There is a saying that the more you have, the more you want.'
'Really? Is that a Kerinian saying? It's not a saying where I come from and I don't think it's true anyway. No, Jina, I want only one thing and that is to see that Zaliek gets what he deserves.' She smiled winningly, leaned across the table, and took his hand. 'Will you try to do something for him?'
'I'll see what I can do.' Jina released her hand and got to his feet, saying, 'I have to go.'
'So soon?' Shani followed him to the door. There she put a hand on his arm, stretched up, and kissed him on a cheek. She said, 'It's always good to see you, Jina. You're such a good friend to all of us.' She kissed his other cheek and said, ‘Do let me know if there is anything that I can do for you.’
Jina muttered a farewell and left the house. The day was cool, but he was sweating. His skin was fevered and prickly, just as it was when he was in the field before he went into action.
Soon after Zaliek arrived in Kerina, he had a private audience with Sharma. When Jina asked him how it had gone, Zaliek replied cautiously, 'Well enough, I guess.'
'Nothing in particular to report?'
Zaliek gave an exaggerated shrug and said, ‘We chatted about old times. Then he showed me around the palace. Impressive, isn't it?'
'The people expect their king to live in a manner that reflects the glory of the nation.' 
Zaliek raised his eyebrows sceptically and grunted, 'In that case, it looks like the people's expectations are being satisfied, for sure.' He chuckled. 'There was a delegation from Kitilat waiting to see Sharma. The times are changing, eh? It used to be that Kerina sent delegations to Kitilat, asking for assistance. Now it looks like it's the other way around.'
Jina replied, 'Now that we have secured direct access to the sea, we don't need much from them. Also, we control access to Usserd and the west. We want to keep the routes open.'
Zaliek nodded thoughtfully. Then he chuckled again and said, 'I recognised the leader of the delegation. He was a shifty little rodent named Bahdere. He was in the forefront of the move to eject my mother and me from Kitilat.' He chuckled again. 'I made a point of greeting him but he suddenly had a coughing fit and found that he couldn't speak.'
Jina said with feeling, 'Diplomats! They're like the grease on the wheels of a wagon—slimy and sticky, but necessary for the wheel to move forward.'
Zaliek grinned. 'Not honest and upright like soldiers, eh?' He rubbed a finger across his nose, looked at Jina speculatively, and asked, 'Do you know that there's trouble brewing with the Usserdites?' Jina nodded. Zaliek said, 'Sharma said that he wants me to be involved in the campaign.' 
Jina was annoyed. Why was Sharma discussing a campaign against the Usserdites when nothing had been decided yet? Military matters were Jina’s business, in the first place. Jina swallowed his annoyance and said, 'If it comes to war against Usserd, it's not going to be an easy campaign. We'll need people with your experience.'
Zaliek must have sensed that Jina was annoyed because he hesitated, pursed his lips, and then changed the subject. He remarked, 'Sharma has put on weight.'
Jina warned, 'Don't ever say that to him. He doesn't like to hear it.' That was an understatement. He had seen Sharma fling a mug of wine at someone at who made a remark about his weight, after which Sharma drove the person from his presence amidst a torrent of abuse.
Zaliek asked, 'Is Sharma in good health?'
'Good enough, I guess. Why do you ask?'
'His eyes are red and puffy and he gets short of breath after he's walked for a while.'
Jina thought that it sounded as if Sharma was recovering from a bout of drinking when he met with Zaliek. Jina knew the symptoms only too well. However, he didn't say that to Zaliek. There were some subjects that you approached with the greatest circumspection and then only if it was absolutely certain that what you said wouldn't get back to Sharma. Jina replied circumspectly, 'Sharma has a lot on his mind. Sometimes he neglects his health in the interests of the nation.'
Zaliek nodded thoughtfully. He took out a small dagger, looked at it speculatively, and began to clean his fingernails. Then, almost carelessly, he said, 'I saw Mecolo as well.'
'Oh? Where?'
'I caught a glimpse of her when Sharma was showing me around the palace. She took a look at me, recognised me, and then turned away without greeting me.'
'She didn't speak to you? Why would she do that?'
'Hold on, comrade. There's more to the story. When I was leaving the palace, Mecolo suddenly came out of a side door, grabbed me by the arm, and pulled me behind a pillar.' His eyes narrowed as he continued, 'She put her hands on my shoulders, looked me in the eye, and began to cry. I can tell you, I was surprised—more than surprised—I hadn't seen her for twenty years and now there she was, just crying.'
'That's all that she did—just cry?' Jina remembered that, a long time ago, Mecolo told him, 'No one will ever see me weep outside this room.' Well, the times had changed for all of them, and not only for Mecolo.
Zaliek continued, 'After about a minute, she pulled herself together and said, "Oh, Zaliek, it's good to see you again.” Of course, I was thinking it was just the opposite. I mean, damnation, what am he supposed to think when she acts like that?' He shook his head in bewilderment and said, 'I thought he was getting used to women, but this—well, man, this is a new experience.'
'What happened next?'
'She asked if I was going to see you soon. Of course, I said yes. Then she said that I should tell you that she wanted you to remember your promise to act for the good of Kerina.' 
Promise? When had he made a promise to Mecolo? Jina guessed that she was referring to her appeal to him to support her son, Bedaxili. But that was a long time ago and, anyway, he had never made a promise to her. What was on Mecolo’s mind? What was prompting her to raise the matter now? Jina said cautiously, 'Her memory must be faulty. I never made a promise to her.'
Zaliek said, 'Mecolo said that now that I was a soldier of Kerina again, I should help you to keep your promise. She said that the time was coming when our resolve would be put to the test.'
'Damn it, man, I tell you that he never made her a promise! Her memory is faulty. And as to trying to involve you—well, I tell you, the best thing is to forget about it.'
Zaliek looked at him even more closely and lowered his voice. He asked, 'You're not messing around with her, are you?'
'Don't be a fool, man! Of course not!'
'It would be a bad move if you are.'
'I told you I am not! I have nothing to do with Mecolo. In fact, I have nothing to do with women at all—period! And that's the whole truth.'
Zaliek stood there scratching his head. He looked so awkward and bewildered, like an elephant puzzled by the question of how to cross a rope bridge, that Jina burst out laughing. Then, just to make sure that there were no misunderstandings, Jina added, 'With regard to what Mecolo said, I want you to know that I hardly ever see Mecolo—or Roda, come to that. And I never—I mean never—converse with them.' Jina could have added that although he hardly ever saw them, he knew that Sharma’s relationships with his wives hadn’t improved with time. Mecolo’s and Roda’s incessant rivalry and complaints about each other, as well as their demands for preferment for their children, irritated Sharma so much that he avoided them for days on end, if not longer. In fact, Jina suspected that Sharma was thoroughly bored with them. Sharma’s attentions had been wandering to other quarters for a long time. However, although Jina knew a lot and conjectured even more, there were some aspects of Sharma's relationship with his wives and family that he didn't enquire into. Sharma didn't speak to him about personal and family business, and Jina didn't ask any questions.
Zaliek grunted. 'Well, I gave you Mecolo's message as I said I would. If you say there's nothing in it, then that's good enough for me.' He shrugged. 'As far as I’m concerned, that's the end of the matter.'

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE: INSECTS

Jina sometimes wished that they had never conquered the Western River Strip. It was true that it was a popular move at the time because it provided further evidence that a vigorous Kerina could not only defend its territory but was also able to deal with the neighbours who had harassed and humiliated it for so long. Occupying the Strip was also a popular move amongst land-hungry Kerinians who, within the space of a generation, turned the area into a green and prosperous expanse with market gardens and small farms that were fed by a network of canals. 
On the other hand, it was costly to guard the Strip. The Usserdites who were evicted from it were always staging raids into the Strip. Besides that, one never knew when one of the neighbouring Usserdite chiefs would succumb to pressure or resentment and mount a more determined attempt to reclaim some of the land that had been lost.
Jina warned Sharma against occupying the Strip but Sharma just clapped him on the shoulder and said, 'Ah, Jina, cautious as ever, eh!' The fact was that Sharma was only reflecting the popular mood when he began to seize territory from the Dornites and the Usserdites. After being restricted to the crowded highlands for generations, Kerinians revelled in the opportunity to settle in the fertile lands of the coastal plain and the Western River Strip. Also, expansionism was central to realising Sharma's vision of a Kerina that was entirely free of the threat of invasion. On a number of occasions, he told Jina, 'I don't mind fighting our enemies on the coastal plain, or in the Strip, or on the southern plains, or anywhere else, as long as we keep Kerina itself secure. Never again do I want to see even one enemy footprint on Kerinian soil. Do you understand, Jina? Never again!'
The latest trouble started when Kerinian settlers in the Strip caught two Usserdites red-handed in the act of stealing donkeys. Instead of handing the thieves over to the authorities, the settlers took the law into their own hands and hanged the thieves. From there, matters went downhill. The King of Usserd protested that, according to the terms of the treaty between Kerina and Usserd, the intruders should have been handed over to him for punishment. When he demanded compensation, Sharma replied that the offenders would be tried and their fines would be paid to Usserd. Jina sent a deputy commander and twenty men to arrest the offenders but a mob of settlers surrounded the soldiers, saying that they wouldn't let them go until the offenders were pardoned. The governor of the Strip rushed to Thania for an urgent consultation with Sharma and eventually, in the normal bumbling way of politicians who take the nearest way in a complex crisis, the offenders were pardoned. Sharma sent a message to the King of Usserd to say that while Kerina appreciated its good relations with Usserd, it could not guarantee that it would be able to observe the treaty in future if there were further acts of bare-faced provocation.
The next act in the drama came two weeks later when an Usserdite chief raided a village in the Strip, carrying off cattle and donkeys as compensation for the deaths of the two men. When Sharma demanded that the stolen livestock should be returned and that the chief should be punished, the King of Usserd refused, saying that he was also finding it difficult to observe the terms of the treaty in the face of bare-faced acts of provocation such as the hanging of the two men. Noting that the treaty had been concluded when the boundaries of Kerina did not extend beyond the Great River, the king also opined that he thought that it was time for Usserd and Kerina to negotiate a new treaty. He proposed that Kerina and Usserd should first discuss what he termed 'the difficult circumstances posed by Kerinian settlers who are improperly occupying Usserdite territory on the western bank of the river.'
Sharma summoned Jina to see him and, after a short discussion of the issue, said bluntly 'The King of Usserd wants war and war is what he'll get.' 
Jina asked, 'Is that the only option?'
Sharma's eyes were red and his voice was thick. It looked as if he was suffering from a hangover or recovering from a fever. He said irritably, 'We have no choice, man. They have provoked us beyond endurance.'
'Perhaps one more diplomatic mission could—'
Sharma banged one fist into another and shouted, 'No more talking! No more diplomacy! They will have to learn that we are not to be trifled with—and they'll learn the hard way.'
'Perhaps if we just recovered the livestock and burned a few villages—'
'I tell you, Jina, no more delays and no more pussy-footing!' Sharma eyed Jina narrowly, pushed a finger at him, and asked, 'Isn't the army ready for a campaign? Is that what you’re afraid of?'
'Of course it's ready.'
'But not as ready as it should be, eh?'
'What are you talking about?'
'What have the troops been doing for the last five years? Manoeuvres, border patrols, parades and sitting in their barracks, that's what! They're getting soft and complacent.' Sharma walked over to the wall map and then turned and said with finality, 'They need a proper campaign to get them up to the mark again and, by Zabrazal, that's what they're going to get.'
Jina sighed inwardly and sat down to plan the campaign with Sharma. 
When Sharma said 'a proper campaign', he meant nothing less than sacking Fewerla, the capital city of Usserd. However, as Jina knew right from the beginning, it was easy enough to sit at a table and plan a campaign but it was a lot more difficult to make progress on the ground. It took Jina and the army three months to fight their way as far as the walls of Fewerla and even when they got there, they had to guard their rear against attacks by the irregular forces of the various chiefs whom they had defeated or bypassed along the way. Usserd was a federation of tribal authorities and each chief had his own armed forces. It was like fighting a many-headed, self-replicating snake: when you lopped off one head, another would strike at you. 
While the army settled down to besiege Fewerla, Jina sent a message to Sharma, asking him to reconsider his order to sack the city. Jina had enough experience of sieges to know that they could be demoralising. Sitting around in camp made the men slack and dissolute. Diseases and discontent spread. Then, if they attempted an assault and were thrown back, there would be near-mutinous complaints about the injuries and deaths that were sustained without profit or gain. All in all, Jina didn't like sieges. He suggested to Sharma that they should settle with the King of Usserd, offering terms by which they would more than recover the costs of their campaign as well as extract a large penalty.
Sharma replied that he hadn't changed his mind. His resolve was as firm as ever—Fewerla should be sacked and the King of Usserd should be brought back to Kerina dead or alive. Jina also received a heavily sealed letter in which Sharma berated him for questioning his instructions and asked if Jina would like to be relieved of his command of the expedition. If not, then Jina should proceed immediately with an assault on the city. Finally, Sharma wrote that he explicitly ordered that Zaliek, as the most experienced of his commanders, should lead the first wave of assault. 
When Jina took Zaliek aside and told him about Sharma's instruction, Zaliek raised his eyebrows and said, 'During an assault, a commander's place is behind his men so that he can direct them properly.'
Jina said irritably, 'I know that, but—'
'But Sharma is the king and we disobey his instructions at our peril, eh?' Zaliek shrugged fatalistically and picked up his helmet. He said, 'If Sharma wants an immediate assault, I'd better get things organised.' 
'I’m sorry, Zaliek. It’s not—'
'Sorry about what, General Jina?'
'You know that this isn't the way that I would arrange matters.'
Zaliek shrugged again. He turned to go, stopped, and said, 'This is a dangerous business. If anything happens to me, will you make sure that Shani gets the pension that is due to her?'
‘Don’t be so pessimistic.’
‘Will you see to it, if I don’t come back?’
'I will. You know that.'
Zaliek nodded with melancholy satisfaction and said, 'Oh, and perhaps you could use your influence to see that my son is admitted to the Academy of Philosophy. Remember, I don't want him to be a soldier. One soldier in the family is enough.'
Jina said brusquely, 'Get out of here, Zaliek! You're the great survivor. Go and do what you have to do and I'll have a cup of wine with you this evening when it's all over.'
Zaliek nodded sombrely and walked away, buckling his helmet as he went.
They didn't have that cup of wine together because Zaliek was killed in the first wave of the assault. He fought his way up the ladder and led the way onto the walls where he was left in an isolated position when the defenders threw back the ladder. Watching the assault, Jina saw Zaliek fighting desperately on the battlements, his back to the wall. Jina rushed forward to take personal charge, trying to get a ladder onto the wall at the spot where Zaliek was defending himself. However, even as the men struggled to raise the ladder, he knew that it was too late. When he looked up again, Zaliek had disappeared and all that we could see was a group of jeering defenders. Five minutes later, they threw Zaliek’s severed head over the wall. The eyes had been gouged out.
God, the longer I live, thought Jina, the more I suspect that we are no more than insects that crawl across the face of the earth, awaiting our turn to be crushed underfoot by a higher boot. In Zaliek's case, the higher boot was Sharma's and, as Jina found out later, the reason was Sharma's lust for Shani. Not long after the army left on the expedition against Usserd, Sharma was relaxing on the rooftop terrace of his palace enjoying the usual draught of wine in the cool of the evening. The palace was the highest building in Thania and Sharma had a good view of the surrounding rooftops. At the same time as Sharma was lolling about, enjoying his evening rest, Shani was taking a bath on the terrace on the roof of her house. Taking a bath on the roof? Whoever does that, thought Jina, especially when the terrace can be overlooked from nearby vantage points? Oh, he could picture the scene well enough: Shani luxuriating in the tub, keeping a weather eye on the roof of the palace while studiously pretending to be giving all her attention to the serious business of bathing. Once she knew that Sharma was up there, she would have frolicked innocently in the tub—a show of leg here, a breast there—while chatting and joking with her maid. Next, Jina could picture Shani stepping out of the tub, facing the palace and stretching luxuriantly, tousling her hair, while her maid towelled her back. After that, she would probably have turned slowly—pirouetted, more likely—just to make sure that Sharma got a good look at what she was offering. Pha! Jina could go on with the scenario but already he felt sick to his stomach. Zaliek and the rest of them risked their lives in dirt and discomfort, while Sharma and Shani were engaged in their tableau of lust—pha! Jina was disgusted beyond words.
It didn’t take a soothsayer to predict what happened next. That very night, Sharma took Shani to his bed and, finding her nubility to his liking, he bedded her on many nights after that. Before the army began to besiege Fewerla, Shani was pregnant. Shortly after that, her husband was dead and Sharma comforted the grieving widow by marrying her.
What would he have done, thought Jina, if he had known about the affair when he received Sharma's order that Zaliek should be placed in the front line of the assault? Would he have told Zaliek about what was going on behind his back? Would he have carried out his instructions or would he have disobeyed them? After he first learned about the affair, Jina thought about the matter hundreds of times, if not more, and almost always he concluded that the result would have been the same. He would have obeyed orders—but, knowing what he did, he would have made absolutely sure that Zaliek would have been killed without leaving anything at all to chance. It would have been a mercy to Zaliek. How would honest, gruff, plain-mannered Zaliek have lived with the betrayal and the shame, and how much damage would he have done to himself and others if he had survived?
When Jina heard about what had been going on between Sharma and Shani, at first he was so disgusted that he felt like going straight back to Thania to confront Sharma. However, when he thought about the matter more coolly, Jina knew that he had a more immediate priority. First he needed to revenge the death of Zaliek and slake the iron-cold hatred in his soul by dealing with the city of Fewerla. By Zabrazal, thought Jina, he would give Sharma what he wanted—the destruction of the city—and then he would turn his back on Sharma forever. Sharma would get what he wanted but he would never again have Jina as confidant, companion, and comrade.
That night, the night that he heard about Sharma and Shani, Jina dreamed about Shani. Lying on top of the bed, dressed seductively in a flimsy night-gown, Shani spread her arms to welcome him. Fired by lust, he went to her eagerly, entwining his body with hers and panting with desire as he ran his hands up and down the smooth skin of her back and pressed her breasts to his chest. She moaned and bit his shoulder in passion. He buried his face in her hair, inhaling its sweet scent, when he suddenly felt her body go rigid. He started and looked at her. She was staring at the ceiling in wide-eyed horror. Jina twisted around and looked up. There on the ceiling was an image of Zaliek's severed, eyeless head. Jina awoke with a cry of fear and disgust—but whether for Zaliek, Shani, or himself, he could not say.
When they did finally subdue the city two days later, Jina led the final assault. His orders were simple and straight-forward—there was to be no mercy to anyone except for the king, who was to be captured alive if possible. Once they got inside the city, there were scenes of carnage and destruction that made what happened at Asjolorm pale into insignificance. For Jina, the difference was that at Asjolorm he had felt pity and distaste after a few minutes of carnage. However, inside the walls of Fewerla he was filled with such rage that his sword and dagger could not find enough victims to satisfy his blood-lust. Their assault was so ruthless that only one inhabitant of Fewerla escaped alive and that was the king, who was taken back to Thania as planned. 
After they burned the city, Jina would even have razed the walls if they had had the time or the means. Then, before Jina left the scene, he ordered his commanders to go through their men's packs, searching for loot. Whatever they found was confiscated, either to be burned or to be thrown into a nearby tar-pit. There were protests not only from the men but also from the commanders. However, Jina remained adamant. He told them that Sharma had said that they should only bring the king back with them and that was exactly what they would do. Of course, that was wasn't exactly what Sharma had said—but, then, who besides the two of them knew what Sharma had told him? Now Jina’s rage was focused on Sharma. He would leave Sharma with no booty and with a restless army.
The victory parade in Thania, with the King of Usserd as showpiece, was the greatest that had been seen since the last Dornite city fell to their army. Jina led the procession, resplendent in his general's regalia, playing out his role to the last. When the army stopped in front of the palace to be welcomed by Sharma, Jina saw that Shani was sitting at Sharma's right hand. She looked radiant. Well, why not? She had not only progressed from being a waitress in a tavern to being the favoured consort of a king but, more than that, she was cementing her position by carrying his child. Not surprisingly, the other two people on the dais weren't looking as happy. Roda was sitting on Sharma's left hand, trying to look gracious but not succeeding. On her left was Mecolo, who wasn't even trying to look as if she was enjoying the occasion. On the contrary—she looked sallow and sunken. Briefly, Jina remembered the young Mecolo who had danced before them when they returned from the first battle of Gandonda, bearing the head of Drunuk before them. Jina recalled what Mecolo had sung that day:

Sharma of Osicedi, soldier of Kerina,
On a lance he bears Drunuk high. 
Jina of Osicedi, comrade of Sharma,
With his sword he laid Drunuk low.

Well, today Mecolo wasn't singing and dancing. And he, Jina, wouldn't be Sharma's comrade for much longer. What about the severed head? For a moment he thought grimly that he should have paraded the head of Zaliek before the smug pair sitting on the dais. By Zabrazal, he would have done it, too, except that the head was a long way from Thania, buried outside the walls of Fewerla under a memorial cairn that Jina raised to his dead friend and comrade.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR: QUESTIONS

Next day, Jina went to see Sharma to tell him that he was resigning his commission and leaving Kerina. While he was waiting, the door to the council chamber opened and someone stamped out. Jina recognised him as a priest named Isahile. When Jina greeted him, Isahile gave him a look of half-recognition, muttered something churlish, and went on his way. Isahile was the nearest that there had been to a high priest since Izebol died about twenty years earlier. When the priests convened to elect a new high priest, Sharma told them that he thought it would be wiser if they waited for a few years to ensure that they made the right choice. They decided to go ahead anyway, after issuing a statement that Zabrazal was lord over all of Kerina, the king included, and that the priests would not tolerate any attempt to interfere with their authority. Sharma reacted by detaining all of the senior members of the convocation on the grounds that they were usurping his authority. Since then, there had been no further attempts to appoint a high priest.
After a few minutes, Jina was summoned into the chamber. Sharma embraced him in such a perfunctory manner that, in spite of his blade-cold anger, Jina stood back and asked, 'What's wrong?'
Sharma's left eyelid was flickering and the flecks in his eyes were glowing with anger. For the first time in a long while, Jina glimpsed the old, cat-like Sharma, deceptively composed even as he readied himself to pounce. Sharma licked his lips and said in a steely voice, 'That man has just tried to provoke me!'  Jina raised his eyebrows. Sharma continued, 'He says that our child will die within seven days of its birth.'
'Why would he say that?'
Sharma's lips curled in distaste. 'He says that it will be Zabrazal's way of punishing me for marrying Shani. What do you think of that, eh?'
Jina had other things on his mind so he just shrugged and replied, 'It depends on whether or not you believe in soothsayers and predictions.'
Sharma snarled, 'Well, I don't! But who is he, the meddling fool, to think that he can scare me with such a cock and bull story?  What if Shani hears about it?'
Jina shrugged again. He really didn't have any interest in the matter. He said, 'Look, Sharma, I didn't come here to discuss Isahile and his predictions.' 
That stopped Sharma. He took a step backwards, looked at Jina coldly, and asked, 'You don't think that a prediction about our unborn child is worth discussing?' 
'I didn't come here to discuss that.'
'No? You have something more important on your mind?'
'I do.'
'Well, then, my dear Jina, don't let my concerns stand in your way, by no means. Let's hear about this supremely important matter that is pressing on your mind.'
Jina steeled himself inwardly and then told Sharma what he thought about the fact that Sharma had seduced another man's wife and then sent that man to his death to get rid of him. Pricked by the cold steel in his soul, Jina told Sharma that he would be fortunate if the only retribution that came upon him was the death of his unborn child. Finally, Jina told Sharma that he was resigning his commission immediately, and that he was doing so because he was irrevocably and everlastingly disgusted by Sharma’s behaviour.
Sharma stared at Jina icily while he was speaking. When Jina finished, Sharma said curtly, 'Curse you, Jina! I thought that I could trust you but now you're also turning against me. I wouldn't be surprised if you're in cahoots with the priests.' Sharma poked a finger at Jina and roared, 'And I’m finished with you as well! Do you hear me? I’m finished with you, now and forever more! I’m giving you twenty-four hours to leave Kerina. If you haven't left within that time, I'll have you arrested.'
'You're ordering me to leave Kerina? You can't do that!'
'I’m the king. I can damn well do what I please!'
'Twenty-four hours, eh? Is that payment for a lifetime of—?'
'You heard me! Twenty-four hours! That's all you've got!'
'Twenty-four hours? Arrested? Oh, Sharma, Sharma, will you have your old comrade hunted like a common criminal? Now wouldn't that be a fine show of royal gratitude for services rendered?'
Sharma looked at Jina narrowly. Something flickered in Sharma’s eyes—something from the long tunnel of memory—before he pounded the table and roared even louder. 'All right, I'll give you time to get your affairs in order. But, damn it, if you haven't left within a week, I will have you arrested for sure.' Sharma pounded the table again and roared, 'Get out, damn you! Get out! I never want to see you again!'
Jina said with real sincerity, ‘The feeling is mutual.’
Two days later, Jina travelled to Durgenu's territory disguised as a trader. However, when Durgenu heard that Jina had fallen out of favour with Sharma, he told Jina plainly that he wanted him out of his territory as soon as possible. In fact, Durgenu was so nervous that he immediately arranged for Jina to take passage on a ship that belonged to one of his trading partners. As he left the room, Durgenu clasped his arm—his hand was trembling—and muttered, 'You see, my friend, we must maintain good relations with Kerina. It's not for me that I send you away, you understand, not for me at all—but I have to think about my people. I can't risk doing anything that will place my people in jeopardy.' Durgenu pressed Jina’s arm and whispered, 'Go quickly. Go quietly. Sharma mustn't know about this affair. You understand, eh?' 
‘You wouldn’t want to be treated the same as Ferwala, eh?’
‘Indeed not! No, my dear fellow, indeed not! That’s all the more reason to keep this business quiet!’
The ship sailed the next morning, heading eastwards across the Endless Ocean. Jina stood at the stern, watching the land recede from view and trying to get used to the unfamiliar feel of the rolling deck. The ship seemed to him to be like a living thing with its own nature. Its life was manifested through its dipping and swaying motions, and through its characteristic set of sounds: the creaking of timbers, the swish of the water down its sides, the whistling of the wind in the rigging and the flapping and snapping of the sails. As Jina leaned on the rail, he remembered how Dana and he talked about floating with the clouds eastwards over the Endless Ocean. He remembered saying to Dana that they would see islands in the ocean, laid out like pearls against the neck-piece of a gown. Well, he wasn't floating like a cloud and from this vantage point he wouldn't see the islands laid out like pearls. However, if he turned around and looked up at the great mainsail that loomed and billowed above him, it could well be a cloud. Jina closed his eyes and, with the image of the sail still in his mind's eye, he thought, ‘Yes, this could have been what Dana and I envisaged that day on the hillside outside Thania. Yes, the sea is like the great expanse of the sky and the ship with its great billowing sails is like a cloud following its scudding sky-companions eastwards in pursuit of their youthful fancy’ 
Before the ship sailed, Jina was tempted to send his belt to Sharma. Then he thought, ‘No, I won’t do that. I will wear it as an eternal reminder of how he’s treated me, as a reminder of the ephemeral nature of even the oldest relationships’. Jina also thought that if he didn’t return the belt, then Sharma would wonder why he hadn’t done so and what Jina had done with it. Had Jina sold it in the bazaar? Had he thrown it away? Had he burned it? As Jina stood at the rail, stroking the buckle with a thumb, running a finger across the embossed pattern of intertwined struggling beasts, he thought, ‘Let Sharma wonder and worry. Let the great King of Kerina know that there are many things in this world that are beyond his ken and beyond his reach.’
As Jina stood with his eyes closed and his face upturned to the sail and the wind, Dana came to him in an image that was so immediate and so close that he moved a hand along the rail, reaching out to touch her—so real was she at that moment. Dana stood right there, looking up at him with her luminous eyes, smiling with the secret of her enjoyment of life. Then Jina opened his eyes, cursed under his breath, and turned around to look out over the ship's wake. God, what a fool he was! Dana was gone, killed on the banks of the Great River—and, in any case, she wouldn't be fresh-faced and youthful now if she had lived. But what of it? Whatever her age, wouldn't she have stood next to him here at the stern of the ship, graceful in her maturity, invigorated by the experience, laughing with excitement at the thought that at last, at long last, they were scudding eastwards towards the pearl-like islands of the Endless Ocean? 
With that thought enveloping him, Jina felt loneliness and desolation greater than he had ever known. He thought bitterly that Dana wasn't here to share the moment, Sharma had failed him, Zaliek was dead, and as for Kerina—well, now he had abandoned his share in the dream of reaching the heights, the dream to which they had climbed so purposefully. Leaning on the rail, Jina wept. Yes, he wept. His desolation was all the greater because he knew that nobody cared whether he laughed or wept—or, come to that, whether he lived or died.
On board there was a trader named Reshaja who came from one of the islands. He was a small, rotund man with a bald head, beetling eyebrows, and an earring whose gleam matched that of the gold inlays in his front teeth. He reminded Jina of the Dornite trader whose donkey they killed below Gandonda so long ago, except that the trader wore threadbare clothes and carried hardly anything of value, whereas Reshaja was a man of substance who traded in gemstones. When Jina told Reshaja that he intended to make a new life for himself, Reshaja looked at him speculatively and remarked that he had one or two suggestions to make if Jina didn’t mind him doing so. Soon Reshaja was teaching Jina how to assess and value precious stones. Daily, as the ship swayed and dipped its way eastwards, they sat in Reshaja's small cabin poring over stones laid out on a cloth. Jina learned as much as Reshaja could teach him and they formed a partnership before the ship reached its first landfall. They agreed that Jina would travel amongst the outer islands, buying gemstones and looking for new sources of supply, while Reshaja would travel amongst the inner islands as well as market their wares on the mainland.
After eight days the ship reached Reshaja's home, the island of Terfillere. As it approached land, Jina marvelled at how this massive place of rock and earth rose abruptly out of the fluid, seething depths of the surrounding ocean. He was excited at the sight of the cloud-skirted mountain peaks, the rocky cliffs, the golden strips of beaches, and the green valleys that seemed to have been poured into the folds between the mountains. It was strange, novel and exhilarating. Jina needed an experience like this to alleviate his despondency. He needed to see and know that the world could still offer sights and experiences that were as spectacular as they were unexpected. 
Reshaja allotted Jina a small apartment in his large, log-built house that stood on the outskirts of the island's main town. This would be Jina’s base when he returned from his commercial expeditions and it would be the place where he and Reshaja would meet to exchange money and wares.
For five years, Jina travelled amongst the islands of the Endless Ocean, buying gemstones and looking for new sources of supply. Although the islands varied in size and shape, most of them were inhabited by the same race of people. Only the people of the easternmost islands were different. They were a tall and willowy race with slender noses, gentle eyes, and pale skins who claimed to have inhabited all of the islands of the ocean until the new people with their iron-making skills and larger, more manoeuvrable ships forced them ever eastwards. 
These people of the farthest isles assured him that the Endless Ocean was indeed endless. No one had ever sailed eastwards from their islands for more than two weeks. They said that after a week of sailing, the sea started to become thick with weed while an ever-growing encrustation of barnacles slowed a ship so much that it became sluggish in the water. After a few more days, if it could still move, a ship would enter a realm of perpetual fog and deathly calm where the wind hardly ever blew—and when it did blow, although it was ice-cold, it carried a whiff of fiery sulphur. In spite of the calm, the sea broke with whitecaps as if there was shallow water underneath even although depth soundings could not find a bottom. In this realm, at night sailors would hear howls and moans that made them think of demons in the grip of unbearable pain and anguish. Strangely, one man might hear the sounds while another might hear nothing. Those who heard the sounds said that they were so dire that they could only be warnings that humans should not proceed any farther, upon pain of death. Once, so Jina was told, a ship did go further and never returned. About a year later, on the edge of the weed belt, sailors found timbers from the ship. The wood was scorched, twisted into fantastic shapes, and shattered as if some huge and monstrous force had breathed on the planks in fiery anger before crushing them as easily as a human hand crushes an egg.
Often, as Jina sailed from island to island, he watched the clouds scudding across the sky and envied them. He still had many questions and the answers that he received didn't always satisfy him. Howls, moans, and scorched, shattered timbers floating on the ocean? Perhaps it was true—in any case, was it more fantastic than some of the things that he had seen?—or perhaps it was just a reflection of unspoken human fears. Jina knew that unlike fragile, earth-crawling human beings, the clouds would know for sure whether or not the Endless Ocean was indeed endless. They would know the shape and appearance of every island, which was something that Jina still didn't properly know even after five years of sailing the ocean. They would know why, once, when the wind blew a squall from the north, it dumped onto their ship thousands of small frogs, still alive and twitching. The sailors said that it was the work of the gods. But why would the gods—whichever gods they might be—dump a heap of frogs on sailors who were minding their own business in the middle of the ocean? 
Often, Jina recalled that Dana said that the clouds asked the questions. If the clouds knew so much, then what sorts of questions did they ask? Perhaps one of the questions they asked was this: ‘Why do you chase after such small and petty things when you see how you are situated within infinity between the great stretching sky and its earthly counterpart, the Endless Ocean?’ Perhaps they asked him: ‘Why did you invest so much in the cause of Kerina, when for you it has come to nothing? Why were you so short-sighted that you could not read the end into the beginning?’ Perhaps that was what Dana meant.
Twice every year, Jina and Reshaja met in Terfillere and then Jina got news of the outside world. He learned that, as predicted, Sharma's and Shani's child did die within a week of its birth, but that Shani had produced two more children since then. Jina also learned that, more than ever before, Sharma's wives and children were being troublesome. Of course, rivalries and resentments had been brewing ever since Sharma took a second wife, not to mention a third one. However, matters really came to a head when Mecolo's oldest son, the ironically named Bedaxili—'Beloved of Vaxili'—took a fancy to his half-sister, Roda's oldest daughter, who was only seventeen years of age at the time. When the girl rejected his advances, Bedaxili took her by force. In retaliation, Roda's oldest son attacked Bedaxili, who killed him. Overcome with shame, Roda's daughter committed suicide. 
Distraught and almost powerless in the face of such familial passion and intrigues, Sharma banished Bedaxili to a small village near Osicedi. The grieving Roda, now more of an enemy of Mecolo than ever before, pressed the claims to the throne of her surviving son. Of course, Shani was waiting in the wings with claims of her own. Her sons were still pre-teens, but who knew how long Sharma might live and what changes there might be in the interim? To add to Sharma's troubles, after lying low for a while, Bedaxili was trying to gain popularity by travelling around dispensing charity and suggesting that now that Sharma was old and tired he, Bedaxili, should take over the throne. Bedaxili was violating the terms of his banishment but Sharma, enervated in a web of his own making, didn't have the heart or the courage to bring his son to heel. In any case, everyone knew that Sharma had always had an especially soft spot for Bedaxili, his first-born and the heir to the throne.
What did Jina care about these tales from a far-off place? He told himself that he had relegated Kerina to a corner of his mind where it was sequestered along with all the other memories and experiences of his life before he took ship and sailed eastwards across the ocean. Kerina could stay in its remote corner of his mind, immobilised and embalmed, gradually shrivelling up until it intruded upon him as much as, or less than, a pebble in a barn full of grain would trouble a farmer. Then, perhaps, he would be happy again. Then, perhaps, he would roam the Endless Ocean with a spirit as free and unencumbered as he once roamed the hills near Osicedi.
 
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE: MENDING FENCES

One day, during Jina’s sixth year in the Endless Ocean, Reshaja arrived from the coast with a sealed letter and gave it to Jina with a knowing glance. Immediately, Jina knew who had sent it: the seal was Sharma's. Jina cursed and threw the letter onto the table. Reshaja looked at him incredulously and asked, 'Aren't you going to open it?'
'Why should I?'
'It looks important.'
'Important to whom?'
Reshaja shrugged and replied, 'My friend, you should read the letter.' Jina ignored the remark and the letter lay on the table between them like an unanswered question while they caught up on news and discussed business. After their conversation, as Jina was leaving the room, Reshaja asked, 'Aren't you going to take the letter?'
'Take it? No! I wish I'd never seen the damned thing.'
'My dear friend, do you know who it's from?'
'Of course I do. That's Sharma's seal. That's why I wish I had never seen it.'
Reshaja thrust the letter at him, saying, 'Do with it what you want but please don't leave it here. It's your business, not mine.'
Jina stuffed the letter into his tunic, annoyed that he even had to acknowledge its existence. At the door, he stopped and asked, 'Who gave it to you?'
Reshaja replied, 'I was at a port in Durgenu's territory when a man knocked on my door one evening and asked if I knew you.'
'And, of course, you said that you did.'
'He knew that I knew you. Anyway, my friend, why should I have lied to him? You have nothing to be afraid of, do you?'
'I guess not. If they wanted to get me, they would have done so a long time ago.' However, even as Jina said the words, he wondered how Sharma knew where he was. Had Reshaja been talking? Had they been tracking him without his knowing it? Jina checked his speculations, thinking that the trail could lead anywhere—after all, sailors, traders, and the rest of the people he came into contact with every day could talk as freely as anyone else could. Damn it! Now the past was stirring again like a hibernating animal beginning to twitch after the winter. He would have to put it back into its corner as soon as he could, and do so as firmly as possible.
Jina sat in his room holding the letter. He weighed it in his hand, turned it around, weighed it again, and put it down. He told himself that it probably concerned some mundane matter such as the property that he had left behind in Thania. But, if so, why would the letter carry the royal seal? Jina stretched out his hand to grasp the letter and then withdrew it. What if the letter invited him to become involved again with the affairs of Kerina? Damn, damn, damn! Finally, he gave in to curiosity and opened the letter.
The letter was written in Sharma’s own hand. He invited Jina to return to Kerina and take up the position of commander of the army. In fact, Sharma did more than issue an invitation—Sharma practically begged Jina to return. Sharma concluded by writing, 'Let bygones be bygones, Jina. As you cared for me that night when I heard about the death of my parents, so I ask you to have a care for me now.' Included with the letter was a document that granted Jina safe passage to Thania.
What lay behind Sharma's request? It was late, but Jina knocked on Reshaja's door anyway. Rubbing his eyes sleepily, Reshaja invited him into his room. Jina sat down, thrust the letter at him, and asked, 'What do you know about this?'
'My friend, I know nothing except that I was asked to deliver it.'
'You don't know what the letter says?
'By all the gods and by the tomb of my father—may nothing that I do or say disturb his peace—I swear that I don't know what is in the letter.' Reshaja protested his innocence so vehemently that it was almost comical. Anyway, what difference did it make, whether he knew or not? Jina told Reshaja about Sharma's request and then said, 'You've just come from the mainland. What's going on in Kerina that might explain why Sharma wants him back as commander of the army?'
'Sharma is facing a revolt. Don't you know that?'
'How should I know about it? I returned just yesterday after six months of travelling around the outer islands. A revolt, eh? Who's leading the revolt?'
'Bedaxili.'
'Tell me about it.'
'There's not much to tell. Everyone knows that Bedaxili has been champing at the bit ever since Sharma banished him to Lower Kerina. During the last two or three years, he’s started to act like an alternative ruler, going around settling disputes, making promises and exploiting grievances. Now he’s come out into the open and declared that Sharma should either abdicate or be removed, to be replaced by a younger, fitter man.'
'And that is Bedaxili himself, of course.'
'Of course! Who else?'
Jina sat back and thought about the matter for only a moment. Then he crumpled the letter into a little ball and got up to leave. He said, 'Thank you for the information, Reshaja. I’m sorry that I woke you.' 
Reshaja rose and put out a hand to restrain him. He asked, 'You will be going to Kerina?'
'Go to Kerina? Of course not! They can settle their own affairs in their own way. It's no concern of mine.'
'But—'
'Look, Reshaja, right now I've got two things on my mind, and two things only. The first is to get a good night's sleep. The second is to get up early, feeling refreshed, to start dealing with all the business matters that have piled up while I've been away.'
'Are you going to ignore Sharma's request?'
'For sure, I’m going to ignore it!'
'But, my friend, you can't do that.'
'I can do it and I am doing it.'
Reshaja moved around so that he was positioned between the door and Jina. He said, 'I’m sorry, my friend—you can't do that.'
'Why not?'
'Because it would distress His Excellency the governor.'
'Governor? Which governor?'
'His Excellency the governor of Terfillere, of course.'
'What does he have to do with it?'
Reshaja said patiently, 'Instability in Kerina is bad for all of us.'
'Not good for trade, eh?'
'That's true. But there are plenty of other things that it isn't good for, either.' Reshaja spread his hands, moved squarely in front of the door, and said, 'Be reasonable, my friend. You know how ordinary people live. After all, you were a shepherd once and your father was a farmer and a merchant. You know that wars and revolts might be good for rulers, kings, and generals—depending on who wins and who loses—but for the rest of us, they just bring poverty and suffering.' Reshaja looked at Jina almost pleadingly and said, 'Come now, my friend, be reasonable.'
Reshaja was planted so firmly in front of the door, legs apart and arms folded, that it appeared that Jina would have to remove him by force in order to leave the room. Jina asked truculently, 'Are you a spokesman for the governor?'
'No. But His Excellency asked me to call on him after my ship docked. I know that he is concerned about the matter. '
'So tell me—what are his concerns?' 
Reshaja sighed. 'I was going to tell you in the morning. His Excellency would dearly like to assist an influential ally like Sharma.'
'Ah! So you didn't know what's in the letter—but the governor knew all along?'
Reshaja shifted uncomfortably and dropped his eyes. He muttered, 'The governor is an important man. We shouldn't be surprised if he knows things that ordinary people don't.'
'God, Reshaja, this is a set-up, isn't it?'
Reshaja still wouldn't look Jina in the eye. He murmured, 'I can only repeat what I have heard.'
For a moment, Jina was so angry that he wanted to shake Reshaja so hard that his teeth rattled in his gums. Then he got a grip on himself. After all, Reshaja was only the messenger. Jina asked, 'And what if I refuse to comply with Sharma's request?'
Reshaja sighed deeply and rolled his eyes. He pleaded, 'Oh, my friend, don't do that. By all means, do consider His Excellency's feelings.'
'By Zabrazal, you are acting as the governor's spokesman, aren't you?'
'No, my friend, I am not. I just happen to have an insight into his feelings.'
'And why should you have these insights into the governor's concerns?'
Reshaja sighed even more deeply and rolled his eyes in exasperation. 'Come now, my friend, you've lived here long enough to know what my people are like. A person in authority never likes to disappoint a person who depends on him. So' —Reshaja shrugged. 'So, in this case, I’m telling you what I think His Excellency might like you to hear. You understand, don't you?' He spread his hands and said pleadingly, 'It would be kind to the governor if you would consider his feelings.'
'I want to hear it from the governor in person.'
'You can try, my friend. But His Excellency might not want to see you. That would be out of consideration for your feelings, of course.'
Jina sat down, feeling weary and beaten. His mouth was dry with the taste of frustration. Worse still, Kerina with all its concerns was roaring back at him like a storm that had come from nowhere and now battered his senses. He asked despondently, 'Why does Sharma need me, anyway?'
'I heard that the soldiers who defected to Bedaxili killed Sharma's army commander and both of his deputy commanders. I would think that's why he needs you.'
'Isowola, Admera and Izedrali are dead? All three of them?' It was a shock. Jina knew all of them well. Reshaja nodded in confirmation. 
Next morning, Jina went down to the governor's palace and asked for an audience. After a few minutes, the aide came back and told him that the governor was indisposed. However, he referred him to Reshaja who, said the aide, was privy to the governor's thoughts. When Jina insisted on seeing the governor, the aide took his arm firmly and led him to the door, saying, 'Oh, my dear sir, why don't you board a ship and go home for a while? His Excellency knows that you have business there and he doesn't want to delay you a moment longer than is necessary.' Still grasping his arm, the aide walked Jina out of the door. There he bowed and said, 'His Excellency sends you his most respectful felicitations and assures you that he will be delighted to see you when you have completed your business in Kerina.'
When Jina reached Thania, he was granted an audience with Sharma almost immediately. For a moment, he hardly recognised Sharma, who had changed so much that he looked like a derelict ruin of the man that Jina once knew. Sharma was paunchy—bloated with heaviness, in fact—and he had puffy eyes and a double chin. In fact, Sharma’s whole face seemed to have receded downwards like part of a mountainside that has begun to slide after heavy rains. Also, Sharma not only walked with a heavy limp, leaning on a walking stick, but with each step he had to heave himself forward awkwardly as if the air itself obstructed his passage.
Sharma greeted Jina in a business-like manner as if they had only been parted for a few days. He gave Jina a perfunctory embrace and showed him to a chair. As Sharma sat down, he winced as he lifted his troublesome leg onto a footstool. He settled back and said sourly, 'This rotten leg! It won't get better.' Sharma winced again and shifted, rubbing one of his buttocks as it lifted off the chair. 'The doctors say it's gout, caused by too much red wine. Ha! Wine never did any harm, especially the good stuff that I get from Durgenu.' Sharma waved his stick around, gesticulating at the walls and ceiling. 'More likely it's living in this draughty building. I never should have allowed the architects to put in so much marble and masonry.' Sharma settled back with a noise between a sigh and a groan, rubbed his chin as if he was trying to dislodge his jowls from their moorings, and eyed Jina warily. The eyes were still Sharma's even if the rest of his body had fallen a long way from its state of youthful grace. He asked stiffly, 'How are you, Jina?'
'I’m all right.'
'Not too sorry to be back, eh?'
'Oh, I could easily have stayed away a while longer.'
There was a pause while they looked at each other appraisingly. Sharma rubbed his chin again and dropped his eyes. Then he grunted, looked him straight in the eye, and said, 'I need you, Jina. More than that, Kerina needs you.' Jina grunted in return. Sharma pursed his lips and shifted uncomfortably. He said, 'I apologise, Jina.'
'For what?'
'I apologise for what I said the last time he saw you.'
'It was a long time ago.'
Sharma shifted again and coughed. He said, 'I acted like Vaxili, didn't I?' Jina raised his eyebrows. Sharma continued, 'You told me frankly what you felt.'
'Yes. I did.'
'Vaxili never could abide frank speaking.'
'That's true.'
Sharma shifted again and rubbed a buttock. He said, 'You were honest with me.'
'Look, Sharma, it's over and done with. Let's forget about it.'
Sharma bit his lip and his eyelid twitched. He took a deep breath and said, 'Jina, this isn't easy for me.' Jina raised his eyebrows even higher. Sharma continued, 'Damn it, man, I’m trying to apologise to you.'
Suddenly Jina felt like grinning as he glimpsed something of the old Sharma. Whatever his faults, in the old days Sharma had spoken to him frankly—most of the time, anyway. Jina said, 'I accept your apology.'
Sharma wriggled in his chair to get comfortable and repositioned his leg on the footstool. 'Do you, Jina?' Jina nodded. Sharma threw back his head, waggled it as if his neck was stiff, and said, 'That's good. That’s very good. Mending fences, eh?'
Mending fences? That wasn't the most suitable image to use. The fact was that Jina was aware of how many fences there still were between them. They would always be there in spite of Sharma's apology. Jina shrugged the thought away and asked, 'Did you bring me here just to apologise?'
Sharma took another deep breath and then replied in a tight voice, 'It had to be said first, didn't it?' Jina nodded and Sharma said, 'You know very well why I asked you to come here.'
'Asked? You asked me, did you? Well, man, let me tell you that I had no choice. They ordered me out of Terfillere and practically frog-marched me onto a ship. You call that being asked to do something?'
Sharma stretched his hands above his head and flexed his shoulders, looking tired. He pleaded, 'I need you, Jina,'
'Why?'
'Because I can trust you and because you can do the job.'
For a moment Jina felt like taunting him. Trust, eh? What about all your generals and all your governors, Sharma? What about your women and your many children, Sharma? What about your sons—yes, Sharma, what about your sons? Jina looked at the flabby shell that was sitting in front of him, shifting his lame leg uncomfortably and rubbing his jowls—and he pitied Sharma. Jina remembered the old Sharma—the brave, quick, and generous friend and comrade, the comet that had blazed its bright path through their lives and through the destiny of Kerina. Oh, the memories and emotions were all out of their lairs now. They were flooding all over him. Damn, damn, damn! Jina bit back his taunts and asked, 'Trust me? What of it?'
'Jina, who else can I really trust? You always put the destiny of Kerina first, didn't you? You always drove straight for it without allowing yourself to be diverted, didn't you?'
Jina muttered, 'I did, once.'
'Do you know, Jina, you're the nearest that I've ever come to an honest man.'
'I doubt that. For one thing, the serving Kerina has corrupted me.'
Sharma leaned forward and asked persuasively, 'Do you remember how as boys we sat on the hills and looked over the coastal plain while—?'
'Stop it, Sharma! No more!' There was a deep silence. Sharma reached into a drawer in the cabinet next to him and held something up for Jina to see. It was a sling. Sharma asked, 'Do you remember this?' Jina nodded. Still holding it up, Sharma said, 'It's the same old sling, Jina.' He heaved himself out of the chair and, supported by a stick, waddled across to a large dresser. There he took out a number of small wooden objects—the same targets that they used for slingshot practice while they sat around in the evenings drinking wine and chatting companionably. Sharma draped a cloth over the dresser, set up the targets, and heaved himself back to his place. He took some pebbles out of a pouch and gave them to Jina, saying, 'Have a go, Jina.'
'I don't feel like it, Sharma.'
'Please, Jina, for old time's sake?'
Jina surprised himself by hitting four out of the seven targets. Sharma grunted and said, 'Watch this, Jina.' He whirled the sling and let fly. Plink! The pebble hit the wall leaving the targets unscathed. He let fly again with the same result. Finally, after eight attempts, he had hit only two targets. Sharma said gruffly, 'You see how it is with me, Jina.'
'Oh, come on Sharma, you’re just faking it.' 
Sharma looked at him heavily and growled, 'I assure you that I am not.'
'I don't believe you.'
'By Zabrazal, I can't do it anymore, Jina. Don't you see—I can't do it.' Sharma slumped into his chair. 'I can't do it, Jina. That’s the truth.'
Jina looked at him, pitying rather than despising Sharma’s despondent and fallen state. Jina picked up the sling, took aim, and sent one of the targets whirling. Then he said, 'All right, I'll do it. Just don't ask anything more of me. When it's over, I will be free to go back to the islands. Agreed?'
Sharma sighed as if he had been relieved of a great weight. He leaned farther forward and, with both hands clasping the carved head of his stick, he said, 'Don't harm the boy, Jina. He's my oldest son and he’s my heir. Whatever happens, don't harm him.'
‘What if he resists?’
‘Whatever you do, don’t harm him, Jina. Do whatever you want with the others, but don’t harm the boy. He’s my oldest son and in spite of everything, I still—well, enough of that. It suffices to say that he must be the next king of Kerina. Anything else will bring chaos.’

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX: THINGS OF THEIR OWN MAKING

Kerina was in turmoil. Bedaxili had only articulated and exploited the dissatisfaction that was already widespread by the time that he came out into the open. People were tired of paying taxes that were spent on grandiose projects. They were tired of paying for extensions to the palace, a royal villa at the coast, clothing and jewellery for Sharma's wives and children, and triumphal cavalcades that accompanied Sharma wherever he went. They were tired of their young men being rounded up for forced labour gangs, to serve for two years in convict-like conditions. And such is the human desire for novelty, they were probably tired of the tedium of stability and security—or, at the least, they had forgotten what the alternative was like. 
Bedaxili offered something new and attractive. He was a handsome populist who sat in town squares and spoke to ordinary people, making promises of reductions in taxes, an end to forced labour, and the sweeping away of the old guard who surrounded Sharma. The priests added credibility to Bedaxili's campaign by coming out in support of him. Although Isahile, the High Priest-elect, stayed out of the fray, a number of his colleagues accompanied Bedaxili's cavalcade, proclaiming that Zabrazal approved of this flamboyant young man who, amongst his many promises, assured the priests that their authority and privileges would be restored.
However, Bedaxili played his hand too soon. He didn't know—or, in his eagerness for power, he didn't want to know—that there is a big difference between leading a populist movement and leading an army. He also made the mistake of thinking that the junior officers who clustered around him, eager for swift advancement, had the experience and the knowledge to organise a campaign and lead an army to victory. Viewing the situation sceptically, Jina saw all of this. He saw that the young officers’ ambition had no more substance to it than the self-aggrandisement of a peacock that promenades and thinks well of itself until the eagle swoops. Then the peacock finds that its strutting pride, pomp, and fine feathers are torn to shreds within seconds. That's what happened to Bedaxili's army, if it could be called an army, when Jina and his men finally closed on it.
To Jina’s relief, Sharma still had an army. Although most of the senior commanders were dead and some of the middle-ranking officers had joined Bedaxili, Sharma still had a core of officers and soldiers who had served Kerina well during the past twenty-five years. In the current crisis, they had been ineffective not because they lacked the capacity to act but because Sharma didn't have the heart to act against his treasured son.
It took Jina three weeks to sort things out. During that time, he sent a small force against Bedaxili's army. They were instructed only to feint and withdraw so that Bedaxili would gain confidence and become careless. To aggravate Bedaxili's delusions, as he advanced ever closer to Thania, the occupants steadily evacuated the town. First Sharma and his court retired northwards. Next, units of the army also retreated. The civilian population, ignorant of what was intended, began to panic and many of them also left Thania. Their hasty evacuation suited Jina’s purpose and his forces didn’t try to stop them. Finally, when Bedaxili was within two days' march of Thania, Jina offered him ridiculously generous peace terms that were intended to suggest that the royal forces were weak and panic-stricken. 
Then, in the midst of the negotiations when Bedaxili and his officers were lulled into complacency, Jina struck at Bedaxili's force using the same tactics that he and Sharma employed when they defeated Vaxili in the desert foothills. Just as on that occasion, after they had slaughtered or dispersed most of the enemy army in a night attack, next morning they had to deal with a hard core of survivors who gathered around their chief for a last stand. When the group surrendered after two hours of hard fighting, all resistance came to an end. The rebellion was over.
When they brought Bedaxili to him, Jina was shocked to see how much the young man looked like his mother. Even although Bedaxili was dishevelled and frightened, Jina could see why people praised his good looks and attractiveness. Outwardly, Bedaxili had a manly bearing and the same fresh and open countenance that Jina remembered from his younger days. But, Jina asked himself, what were these things worth if the character was weak and the heart was corrupt?
Bedaxili disgusted Jina. He had not only threatened the stability of Kerina but, to compound the offence, he had violated his siblings and had revolted against his father. Filled with revulsion, Jina had to fight down the urge to strike Bedaxili. Instead, maintaining his composure, Jina told him, 'You will be taken to Thania where you will be dealt with as you deserve.' Privately, Jina thought with deep regret that, in actual fact, the young man wouldn’t be dealt with in anything like the manner that he deserved. Sharma would probably only weep over him in maudlin fashion, rap him on the knuckles, and then set him free with a fond pat on the head. After that, no doubt, Bedaxili would continue on his dissolute, corrupt, conniving way.
It seemed that Bedaxili had most of the faults and weaknesses of his grandfather without having Vaxili’s one notable virtue, namely personal courage. Bedaxili was cringing and shaking with fear. He stammered, 'May I speak to you privately?'
Jina growled, 'No, you may not! If you want to say something, say it right here.'
Snivelling, Bedaxili looked around and then leaned forward and said in a mumbling attempt at confidentiality, 'If you release me, I can offer you wealth and a good position.'
‘Oh, you can make offers like that, can you?’
‘Of course! I’m the king’s oldest son and I’m heir to the throne.’
'All the more reason why I won’t release you! In fact, I wouldn't release you if you offered me ten kingdoms.'
Bedaxili dropped to his knees and shuffled forward until he was right at Jina’s feet. He cried, 'I beg you, have pity on me.' He was sobbing.
Jina looked down at the pathetic creature at his feet, took a step backward to prevent Bedaxili from touching him, and asked, 'Why should I pity you?'
'For my mother's sake! I beg you, have pity for her sake.' Bedaxili lunged forward, grasped Jina’s ankles, and pressed his forehead against Jina’s feet. Jina tried to shake him off but Bedaxili was clinging to him like a drowning swimmer.
Jina asked in disgust, 'Should I pity you in the same way as you pitied your sister, your brother, and your father?'
'I regret what I have done. I apologise. I beg you—have pity on me!'
Jina managed to shake one of his feet free and kicked Bedaxili so hard that he sprawled backwards. As Bedaxili lay there on his back in the dust trembling and snivelling, Jina pressed his sword to his throat and asked, 'Do you admit that you are a scheming wretch who shouldn't even be allowed to carry the shit buckets from the poorest hovel in Kerina?'
'Yes. I admit it.'
'Do you admit that a wretch like you who rapes his sister, kills his brother, and betrays his father isn't fit to live?' Jina applied pressure to the sword.
'Yes. I admit it!' Jina pressed the sword harder into Bedaxili’s throat and he screeched, 'Have pity, I beg you!'
One of Jina’s commanders whispered urgently, 'Have a care, general! We must return him to his father unharmed.'
Bedaxili wriggled to his knees and tried to crawl away. Jina struck him on the side of his head with the flat of his sword and Bedaxili sprawled on the ground, screaming in fear and pain, clutching his forehead. Someone grasped Jina’s arm, saying, 'Careful, general! He must not be harmed.'
The writhing creature on the ground filled Jina with disgust, all the more so when he reflected that this flabby offal-bag was the heir to the throne of Kerina. Worse still, he knew that Sharma would set Bedaxili free to rape, murder, plot and scheme again. Even although he complained about them, Sharma never could do the hard, proper thing when it came to dealing with his wives and children. God, more than ever, Jina wished that Sharma had left him alone in peace amongst the islands. But now that he was here and was forced to deal with these matters, he would do Kerina a favour for old time's sake. Jina shook off the restraining hand, drew back his arm, and plunged his sword into Bedaxili's throat. Bedaxili gurgled and toppled over. Someone wrestled the sword free from Jina’s hand and someone else seized his arms to prevent him from drawing his dagger. It didn't matter. Bedaxili was dead already. Whatever the future held for Kerina, Bedaxili wouldn’t be there to contaminate it.
When Jina arrived in Thania, Sharma refused to see him. In any case, Sharma was in no state to see anyone at all. Jina heard that when Sharma got the news that Bedaxili was dead, he let out a howl of anguish and dropped to the floor insensible. Then, when Sharma recovered consciousness, he reeled around the palace calling down curses on Jina. After that, Sharma staggered to the temple where he prostrated himself in front of the altar, tearing at his clothes and begging Zabrazal to withdraw his anger and to smile on his house at last. If Zabrazal was listening, he must have been grimly amused at the return of the apostate in this fashion. In between his supplications, Sharma continued to curse Jina. Sharma was so desperate and distracted that he repeatedly beat his forehead against the stone floor while, his clothes having been reduced to shreds, he tore at his flesh with his fingernails. When Sharma finally collapsed after this self-indulgent outpouring of anger and remorse, his attendants had to half-carry and half-drag him from the temple to the palace. Then they had to heave him into bed, where he laid moaning and shivering in a fevered, semi-conscious state.
That night Jina lay in his room cursing himself for a fool. In the longer run, what did it matter if he had shored up Sharma's position and had done away with a rotten apple like Bedaxili? What did one apple matter when the whole barrel was already thoroughly infected with the rot? There would be no end to the intrigues while Sharma's scheming wives were alive to encourage their scheming children. More than ever, Jina wished to the bottom of his heart that Sharma had left him alone. He wished that instead of sailing from Terfillere to the mainland, he had bribed the captain of the ship to set him down amongst the farthest of the outer islands. From there, rather than return to Kerina, he would gladly have headed for the realms of weed-filled seas, icy winds, and eerie howls. Alone if necessary, he would have sailed as far as he could, following the clouds until he was becalmed forever or was lost in the endlessness of the Endless Ocean. Anything, anything at all, would have been better than returning to Kerina to open old wounds and to become enmeshed again in these intractable troubles and intrigues. 
Before morning, Jina went down with a fever as severe as the one that afflicted him after the second battle of Gandonda. In his delirium, he repeatedly had the same dream of Dana as he had then. A blurred shape behind Dana restrained her as she called out and struggled to come to him. Jina cried out to her, 'You're safe now, Dana, you're safe. Come to me.' Then suddenly she was free. She ran towards him, one arm outstretched and one arm stretched across her throat but the more she ran, and the more he ran towards her, the more they remained apart. However, now the dream was overlaid by a vision of Bedaxili, who rose up between them flinging his head backwards to expose the gash in his throat and taunting him as he gestured to Dana, who remained as distant as ever. Then Dana flung her arm aside and threw back her head to expose her own wound, and Jina felt himself sinking into a sea of clutching darkness even while he reached out to her.
When Jina regained a semblance of consciousness, he half-turned his head, expecting for a moment to see Zaliek sitting next to him. Instead he saw an old woman, one of the palace nurses, and he began to remember where he was. As his head became clearer, again he cursed himself for a fool. After the nurse wiped his forehead, helped him to change his undershirt, and gave him some water, she muttered something and left the room. He heard the click of the latch as she locked the door behind her. Soon she returned with a junior commander of the palace guard. Stiffly, he informed Jina that he was confined to the room until further notice.
That was two days ago. They bring Jina food and water at regular intervals but will say nothing. His room, which is on the top floor of the palace, overlooks the great courtyard in the centre of the complex. From his window, he watches them coming and going—orderlies, soldiers, servants, merchants, and others. He has seen Shani twice, making her regal way across the paving stones. She looks more beautiful than ever. Being a royal consort suits her. She dresses resplendently in robes that enhance her slender form and set off her dark sultriness. On both occasions her two younger sons, Sharma's children, accompanied her. Jina wonders where her older son is, the boy that she had by Zaliek. Is he studying at the Academy of Philosophy in Orifinre as Zaliek wanted him to do? Jina doubts it, and he fears for him—but he has no way of knowing where he is and what he is doing. 
Jina did see Sharma recently when he limped and struggled across the courtyard, helped by two attendants. Halfway across, Sharma paused to gather his breath, panting and wiping the sweat from his brow even although the day was cool. When he stumbled, both attendants had to exert their full strength to stop him from crashing to the ground. He never looked in Jina’s direction.
Jina knows that he won't leave here alive. Sooner or later, Sharma will send them to attend to him. Damn Sharma! Why didn't he leave him alone amongst the islands to serve out his time in peace and quiet? What did Sharma say to him, the last time that he spoke with him— that Jina is the nearest that he has come to an honest man? If that's what Sharma really thought, then he should have known that honesty is incompatible with serving the destiny of the kingdom. Cleansing winds, pure air, and pleasant vistas might surround the heights of a mountain range; but that is not the case with the heights of Kerina, or of any other kingdom. As they struggled upwards, thought Jina, they accumulated dirt and grime along the way. They compromised themselves, easing their consciences with the consolation that it was all for the good of the kingdom. One day, they said, they would reach the heights and would find them to be glorious and unsullied. Also, they told themselves, when they reached their goal their old, soiled clothes would wither away and they would find themselves dressed gloriously in fresh and gleaming garments. More than that, they would be completely made over, ennobled and re-invigorated as new creatures, fit to match the new circumstances. Pha! thought Jina in disgust. They were deluded fools. They didn't recognise—perhaps chose not to know—that the heights of Kerina were things of their own making. That's all that we were—reflections of themselves—nothing more and nothing less.
Yesterday Jina removed his belt, folded it, and sent it to Sharma. As he handed it to the attendant, Jina noticed that the old stain was still visible as a darker outline against the burnt sheen of the worn leather. He took the belt back from the man, looking closely at the stain, almost surprised to find it there after so long.
The attendant asked, ‘What is that, sir?’
Jina was about to say ‘Nothing of consequence’ when he thought, ‘Why should he not know who he is dealing with? Why should he not know that once Jina, too, did great things for Kerina when the nation’s fate was in the balance?’
Jina asked him, ‘Have you heard of Kainar?’
‘Kainar? No, sir, I can’t say that I have.’
Jina looked at the attendant. God, he was young! Life hadn’t even yet curdled the corners of his mouth. How could he remember Kainar and the time when he, Jina, served the kingdom well by leaving Kainar dead in the gateway of Oridrin? Jina said wearily, ‘Never mind. It doesn’t matter now.’ He gave him the belt, saying, ‘Deliver this to the king.’
‘Any message with it, sir?’
‘None. The king will know what it means.’
This time, Jina knows that Sharma will keep the belt—or, more likely, he will have it destroyed. Whatever the case, it won’t be returned to him. Jina knows that for sure.
Who knows what awaits him when they have done with him? Perhaps at last he might be set free to drift with the clouds over the Endless Ocean, looking down on the islands set in the water like green and brown and ochre pearls in the neck-piece of a gown. Best of all, after all this time, he might be able to do it together with Dana. Who knows?

THE END
 


