Spake 
As a
Dragon

 (Early Adventures of the Scarburg Family)

by

Larry Edward Hunt

Published in USA

Copyright © 2015 by: Larry Hunt

Cover Design by Laura Shinn Design 


All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

Spake as a Dragon is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. In some instances actual facts and names are interspersed within the fictional account. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. Further note: this IS a work of fiction; it is not intended for use by serious researchers. The author has taken liberty with names – leaving some as history has named, changing others, altered places, events and sequences of event. In short, the author made the historical events fit the fictional storyline. 

CHAPTER ONE
. . . DEAD?

With a quick thrust and fast withdrawal of the razor sharp, Yankee bayonet it is over – Sergeant Robert Steven Scarburg slumps to the ground. ‘Am I dead? Surely I must be, but I can still hear the musket fire, and the whine of the cannonballs as they sail overhead. I can smell the acrid smell of the gunpowder.’ He lies motionless.  
‘Why am I unable to move?’ He thinks? ‘My boys! Luke and Matthew, I promised Malinda......,’ He can feel something warm and sticky trickling down his chest wetting the front of his old, battered, butternut dyed shirt?  ‘Surely it is not blood I feel no pain. It must be water from my canteen. Why is the world moving so slowly?’

A DAY EARLIER - THE FIRST DAY OF BATTLE

Morning comes early this summer day in the month of July 1863; the sun first appears yellow, then bright orange, now it is a brilliant, fiery ball in the eastern sky. The cool air of the night begins to be replaced by the hot, dry air of this tranquil mid-summer morning. High above, white, fluffy cumulus clouds float gently across the azure sky.
The line of gray-clad, rag-tag, collection of Southern soldiers, mostly barefoot, trudge along as quietly as possible through the sparse, hardwood, and pine trees of southeast Pennsylvania. Southern cavalrymen mounted on tired, war-weary horses lumber in front of the haggard Confederate infantry. It is the beginning of the third year of the War Between the States, the War of Secession, Mr. Lincoln’s War; regardless of what it is called, it is the third year of what would forever be referred to as America’s great Civil War.
Sergeant Robert Steven Scarburg of ‘E’ Company, 48th Alabama Infantry, is part of the advancing rebel army this beautiful morning. As he walks along, he thinks of home, and especially his beautiful Malinda. Malinda the wife he left as he marched off to war leaving her and his remaining children alone on their farm in Alabama.
 Suddenly his reverie is broken. Luke, marching to Robert’s right turns his head and asks, “Father, do you believe a battle is near?” 
“Yes son, I think before the sun has set today we will have ‘seen the elephant.’”
“Are you afraid Father?” His other son Matthew asks from the opposite side, “About the upcoming battle, I mean, when we ‘see the elephant?’ I have to admit Father, I am. I wish I were as brave as you were when you fought those Redskins in Florida.”
It was true Robert is not new to battle. He had, many years earlier, been a participant to the blood, gore and cruelty of the unbearable horror of man’s inhumanity to each other known simply as – War! 
Robert did not want to admit it, but he too is scared. He fears for his life and the lives of his two eldest sons, Luke and Matthew, both of who are with him in this Confederate Infantry Company. All three Scarburg men joined up in the spring of 1862 in Guntersville, a small Tennessee River town in northern Alabama. Their enlistment was a little over a year ago. 
Malinda had pleaded with them, she even begged them not to enlist, but Matthew was dead set on joining the Confederate Army. He had convinced Luke to go along too, and Robert could not let his sons venture into the War of Southern Independence alone. As an old ex-soldier himself he believed he could best oversee his son’s lives as soldiers, and he promised Malinda he would keep their boys safe and bring them home alive.

*  *  *  *  *

Many years before enlisting to fight for the Confederacy, Robert Scarburg had enlisted in another army, the United States Army. He had joined Captain Long’s Company, 5th Battalion, 1st Brigade of the South Carolina Mounted Volunteers in the fall of 1837. At twenty-three years of age he had ridden out of the Carolinas along with other young, wet-behind-the-ear, dirt farmers.
They had ‘jined up’ with Colonel Zachary Taylor to go south and fight the Seminole Indians in what later became known as the Second Seminole Indian War.
 The Indian War began with young, Southern boys; Southern boys full of spit and vinegar thinking they could ‘whoop’ those ‘Injuns’ in less than a month. They were eager to fight. They believed they would put those Redskins in their proper place. They ‘wuz Americans fightin’ heathens.’ At an early age, immortality shields young men as a suit of armor. They think the specter of death will elude them. However, this day, twenty-six years later, Sergeant Scarburg is not thinking about those illustrious days of many years ago, his only thought today is to make sure he did not break his promise to Malinda. His two sons must survive ‘seeing the elephant’ of this current War.
His boys looked up to him, they believed he knew what he was doing – he was, in fact, a veteran. For over twenty-five years, men came to Robert’s house on Sunday afternoons and all would boast of their exploits in the war with the Indians. As the years passed the stories became more and more embellished. Their exploits and deeds became more heroic. As young lads Luke and Matthew sat on the porch mesmerized by the men’s war stories. They idolized their father – there wasn’t anything in this man’s army he didn’t know about, or so they thought. Today they listened to the sergeants and officers of their Confederate company, but when the showdown came they were going to follow their father – he was, after all, the real veteran.
Now at age forty-nine Sergeant Scarburg, the old man of this Rebel infantry company is embroiled in yet another clash of arms. It too began with the thought that these Southern boys could ‘whoop’ those invading damn Yankees. This war is different, they are not fighting Indians, in some cases it is fathers against sons, brothers against brothers or family against family, but the boastings of the youth are still the same. They believe they can put the Yankees on the run in less than a month. In fact, they believe one Southern boy is equal to ten of those sorry Yanks. Some Southern boys were even afraid the war might end before they had a chance to get into the fight and kill them a blue-belly or two.
These young men walking through the woods this summer day are no longer boys with the idle thoughts of their youth. They have grown up fast. These are men, regardless of their age, men fighting for the Confederate States of America.
Sergeant Scarburg tries to answer Matthew’s question, “Yes, I am fearful my son, fearful for the two of you,” he says looking at Matt, “but we should not be afraid of dying, death will catch up to us all eventually. Today let’s just hope that if death’s scythe seeks us out its blow will be quick and merciful, but Fear not boys, we have on the cloak of invincibility; nothing is going to harm us. Let us just do our duty.”

GENERAL THOMAS ‘STONEWALL’ JACKSON

The battle will be the first actual fight in which Matthew has participated. Upon his enlistment he had been assigned to the staff of General “Stonewall” Jackson. 
General Jackson had made a special request to have Robert appointed as his aide, but Robert tactfully declined his request stating his promise to Malinda to take care of their sons. Robert knew a staff position with General Jackson would be safer than the toils and hardships of the common infantryman; therefore, Robert recommended his younger son Matthew to serve in his stead. 
Robert realized Matthew was no fighter; he was the scholar of the family. When Matt was not at work on the farm, he could be found with his face buried in a book. Luke, on the other hand, was usually, in the forests, the sights of his old musket marking the spot on the whitetails body where his bullet would strike. Luke seldom ventured away from the house on one of his deer-hunting trips that he did not return with fresh meat. Robert’s two boys could not have been more different, Luke the rough outdoorsman and Matthew, the soft-spoken scholar. Luke is quick to anger and just as quick to fight; Matt is soft-spoken and more adept at talking himself out of a tenuous situation. Matthew was at the South Carolina College when the Confederate government sent out a call for eighteen thousand volunteers. The entire student body of the College voted to leave school to enlist. Matthew returned home to Alabama determined to honor his commitment to his classmates.  
Luke resembles his grandfather; tall, lean and rugged with dark brown hair down to his shoulders; a haphazard grown of beard covers his face, which gives him the coarse look of a rough, western, mountain man. He is more at home in a deerskin jacket than a store-bought thirty-dollar suit from Atlanta. Matt’s appearance, on the other hand, must have come from his mother’s side of the family. He is of medium height, slightly on the portly side, hated beards and could not tolerate mustaches. His blond facial hair was probably the reason; it was thin and meager, as blond hair tends to be. Such hair, as everyone knows, does not make for a generous beard.
It was no mere coincidence that General Jackson requested Robert for assignment to his staff. As soon as the General was informed of Robert’s enlistment Jackson put the wheels of the Confederate war machine in to motion to have Robert assigned to his staff. It is easy to understand why - General Thomas Jonathan Jackson and Robert Steven Scarburg were first cousins!
As a young boy Thomas Jackson or TJ as he was called back then, was sent to Scarburg Mill to live with his uncle Thomas Scarburg and cousin Robert after losing both of his parents. 
Although TJ was a few years younger than Robert, they grew up playing together in and around the Mill on Mink Creek. TJ was forever playing on the stonewall dam built across the creek to catch the water for the enormous water wheel. His uncle Thomas was constantly admonishing young TJ to stay off the stonewall dam warning, “I believe you like that stonewall dam more than life itself Thomas Jackson! Someday “Stonewall” Jackson you are going to find yourself swept up into the blades of that water wheel!” From that day forward they abandoned the nickname TJ; he was now “Stonewall.”  
Slightly less than two months before today’s approaching battle Stonewall was shot and wounded, albeit a mistake, by his own men at the Battle of Chancellorsville; however, he died a couple of days later. After his Commander’s death, Matthew requested re-assignment to a line company, preferably E Company of the 48th Alabama. 
Matthew’s request for line duty was granted. Now he was about to participate in his first battle or ‘see the elephant’ for the first time, alongside his father Robert and brother Luke.

THE CORNFIELD

Robert, Matthew, and Luke can smell the odors of sweat from the horses, unwashed men, and manure as they prod along. They also get a whiff of pine, moss, and rotting leaves as they trudge through the woods, but another smell, a pleasant aroma touches their noses, - the scent of ripened corn. This tantalizing smell reaches the hungry Confederate soldiers as they approach the edge of the trees. Just beyond the oak, elm, pine, and hickory they find a sun-dried patch of farmland covered with tall stalks of Yankee corn. Field corn as the Southern boys call it. 
The soft, sweet, roasting ears of spring have already changed in to ears of hard, dry corn of summer. Corn in a field owned by a farmer on the outskirts of this small Pennsylvania village. Corn he is planning to use to feed his livestock and family during the coming winter. Presently, however, the soldiers of the South do not care how hard the corn has become. Most of them are breaking the ears from their stalks, quickly removing the shucks and hurriedly stripping the hard kernels from the corncobs with their teeth. The corn is hard to chew, but the Confederates are famished, they have been subsisting on scant rations for days. Hard or not they are going to eat it. Sergeant Scarburg, Luke, and Matthew join their fellow soldiers in the ‘feast’ that for many is going to be their last meal on earth.
This Regiment of the Army of Northern Virginia, under the command of General Robert E. Lee, is not expecting any resistance; they are, after all, only looking for shoes. Most of the Rebel infantry walks barefoot, their shoes long ago worn in to tattered scraps of leather. The commanders have heard shoes were available at this small crossroads place. A place with a name hardly anyone knows. Although few know the town’s name, the battle that will take place here over the next three decisive days will forever burn upon the pages of history. This action at the junction of ten roads will become the high water mark of the Confederate States of America’s bid to break from the United States. It is arguably an avoidable mistake from which the South will never fully recover. The irony of this battle for the South – there were no shoes to be had in the town.
The date, as recorded in General Lee’s Daily Log is Wednesday, the First of July in the Year of Our Lord One Thousand Eight Hundred and Sixty Three. 
Despite orders to the contrary by General Lee, Maj. Gen. Henry Heth, the commander of the Confederate’s Third Corps, orders his troops to attack the Union forces defending the northern side of town. The Union forces open fire – the bullets whizz over Robert and the heads of his two boys and plow through the dried stalks of corn. The Yankee mini-balls crashing through the corn have an eerie sound, and the ones flying close to their heads has a whine as though bees were passing by. 
Sergeant Scarburg stops, shoulders his musket, and despite being unable to see the enemy fires forward into the forest of cornstalks. Matthew and Luke, following their father’s lead, do the same. Occasionally they hear screams of agony as a bullet finds its mark in someone’s body – is it the enemy? Or have they fired in to their own troops? No one will ever know, most never see the target of their blind shooting. By the time, the rebels emerge from the cornfield the Union troops have retreated back into town. The Confederates pursue and continue firing at anything that moves. Street to street fighting pushes the Yankees south of town where they establish defensive positions on a small hill known locally as Cemetery Ridge. Here the Union soldiers, under the recently appointed commander of the Army of the Potomac, General George Meade, make their stand.
 Realizing the potential strength of the Yankee defensive position, General Lee orders Lieutenant General Richard Ewell to attack and seize the hill ‘if practicable’ before the entire Union army can concentrate their forces there. New to command Ewell hesitates, he thinks it not ‘practicable.’
Sergeant Scarburg’s E Company, along with most of the 1st Corps, only slightly engages the Yanks during the first day’s fight. Most of that first day 1st Corps spends making a grueling forced march south with the intent of attacking General Meade’s left flank. Company E’s position in the line of attack is between two slight hills named Little and Big Round Top.

Chapter Two
THE SECOND DAY 

During the first day’s skirmish, Sergeant Scarburg, and his boys did not see much of the actual fighting. They did see; however, the horses lathered up with white, foamy, sweat, galloping by their marching columns. The horses pulled the heavy caissons and Napoleon cannons that were creating clouds and clouds of choking dust. They could constantly hear the roar of the fighting, the rebels yelling, the cannons firing, and the officers issuing orders, but most of the battle is out of their immediate view. A large part of the day has been spent marching to get in to position for their actual fight. They do not realize it, but they are about to become a small part of this enormous bloodbath.
 On this second day of the fight, the battle begins early in the morning. A slight haze of fog covers the ground as Company E advances toward the enemy through an area later to become infamously known as the Devils Den. The entire area between the Union army and the Confederates is a broad stretch of ground strewn with boulders the size of small wagons, some even bigger. Interspersed between the boulders is waist high wild grass that offers no protection whatsoever. The Southerners will have to crawl and pull themselves over and around these natural rock obstacles constantly exposing their bodies to the deadly rain of lead from the Yankee muskets. Their objective is a small hill, named, appropriately Little Round Top. 
Up and down the long Confederate line, officers issue the order, ‘Column Forward, Guide Center,’ youthful drummers furiously beat ‘Advance.’ Buglers can be heard repeating the same ‘Advance’ call on their bugles. The Confederate guides unfurl the Stars and Bars flags, which begin fluttering in the gentle summer breeze. The young boys carrying these flags proudly thrust out their breasts and begin the advancement toward the enemy. The drummers continue the rhythmic beat of the drum signaling the troops to move forward. The remainder of the thousands of Rebel soldiers follows closely on their heels.
Sweat, mixed with dust and dirt, drips from the tip of Sergeant Scarburg’s nose. He swings his musket from his shoulder and goes in to a shuffling run toward the large rock formations to his front. He along with thousands of other soldiers commences the infamous ‘rebel yell’ - a yell hard to explain. To fully understand this cry it has to be personally experienced. To thousands of Yankee defenders, the yell is blood curdling. Years later this spine-tingling scream will haunt the northern veterans most nights as they try to drift off to sleep.
As the boys in gray run toward the blue-clad Union Army, bullets begin to whiz by their heads. The sulfur smell of gunpowder hangs heavy in the air. The blue-black smoke becomes so thick the soldiers of the Army of the Potomac defending Little Round Top are becoming more and more obscure. A young boy screams as a bullet passes through his body – blood spews wildly as he collapses in a heap on the ground. Another soldier disappears in a red mist of blood as a cannon ball hits him squarely in the chest. Mercifully the gray clad boy dies instantly; he has no time to emit a scream. Dismissing these horrors from his mind, Sergeant Scarburg begins to run faster toward the enemy. He has to reach one of those large boulders. All he, and hundreds of other soldiers can think about is the safety of the rocks. 
Leaning against the cold, hard stone’s surface, he presses his face against the coolness of the rock, sighs, and inhales a deep breath of smoke-filled air. He pulls his ragged, gray, forage cap from his head and using it as a handkerchief, wipes his face. He can hear the officers imploring the men to advance – leave their place of safety and once again face the onslaught of Yankee bullets. The boys! Where are my boys? He hates himself – for a brief few moments he thought only of his safety and forgot about Luke and Matthew. He squints his eyes trying to look through the smoke for his boys, but he can see nothing.
Sergeant Scarburg begins to muster up the courage to resume his assault once more when he hears shouts of the enemy advancing toward his position – all his instincts are telling him to withdraw – no never! To retreat is unthinkable, but who are these outnumbered, defiant Yankee defenders who dare attack him and his Confederate comrades rather than turn tail and run?
High upon Little Round Top the Union men of the 20th Maine under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Joshua Chamberlain are quickly running out of ammunition. As a last resort, Chamberlain orders his men to fix bayonets and ‘Charge’, down the hill, unknowingly, directly toward Sergeant Scarburg’s place of safety. 
 No longer able to ignore the screams and cries Sergeant Scarburg jumps from his hiding spot. He moves around the large rock, and immediately comes face to face with a blue-bellied Yankee from Chamberlain’s company bearing a long Springfield musket with a shiny, razor sharp, steel bayonet attached to its business end. Sergeant Scarburg did not have time to react; the bayonet is already at his breast. Time seems to stand still; he wants to raise his weapon, but cannot; the Yankee steel starts to penetrate his tread-bare shirt. He can feel the sharp, cold metal penetrating his skin. Strange, he always had thought it would hurt, but he does not feel any pain. 
“Father! Father! How badly are you hurt?” Luke asks, pulling his father back against the shelter of the huge boulder.
Sergeant Scarburg looks at the young man. His eyes blurred he could not quite make out his features.
“Matthew! Matthew is this you my son?”
“No, Father, it’s me Luke. Your son Luke.”
“Luke? Luke!” Robert whispers. “Bend down, I need to tell you something. Please son, it is imperative. I have something to say that was told to me by my father and I need to pass it on before I die.”
“Hush Father, conserve your strength, you’re not going to die!” Looking at the bloody hole in his father’s chest made by the bayonet, Luke thinks otherwise. “Hold this handkerchief tightly against the wound Father.” Trying to bolster his father’s spirit he continues, “do not worry Father it is only a scratch, lie still I will get help.”
Struggling to speak, “Wait Luke! Please! Luke closer, come closer.” Whatever he has to say is crucial. Luke realizes it too, bends down and places his ear close to his father’s mouth. The noise of the on-going battle is deafening. Luke is near enough to feel his father’s breath on his cheek.
Barely able to hear his father’s whispers, he remarks, “Father? Father? I do not understand! Bible? Bible? I don’t have a Bible!”
The words have no sooner left Luke’s lips as a lead, mini-ball ricochets off the boulder above his head raining lead and rock fragments in Luke’ face and forehead. Blood gushes in his eyes. For a second, Luke thinks the bullet has found its mark, but a swipe with his hand indicates it is only a deep scalp laceration. 
“Luke! Where are you? Luke!” Someone screams from the direction of the field of tall grass.
Even though he only can see a few yards in to the thick, blue smoke, Luke recognizes the voice. It is the frightened voice of his younger brother Matthew. 
 “Here Matt! I’m here with Father he seems to be hurt badly. I think he wants a Bible, do you have one Matthew?”
Matt shakes his head then asks, “Is Father dying? 
“Yes, I think so.”
“Are you okay?”
“I’ll live, just a scratch, stay with him Matt; I’ll try to find some help.”
“No, Luke, please don’t leave...!”
Luke grabs his musket, rounds the boulder, dodging bullets as he runs into the thick smoke. 

CHAPTER THREE
The Hawk

About seven hundred miles southwest of the hot battle taking place in Pennsylvania it is also sweltering on this Thursday the 2nd of July on the Scarburg farm in Alabama. Mattie Ann and Elizabeth, Sergeant Steven’s two youngest daughters are playing under the large tulip poplar at the edge of the yard. They are startled by a shrill, screaming, kee-eeeee-arr sound from a large bird circling over their heads. Looking up they see nothing, the bird flew behind the branches of the tree where they are sitting. As both girls, scared and trembling, run to the safety of the house, Lizzie drops her corn shuck doll to the ground.
“Mama! Mama, there is some kind of big bird screeching at us out yonder in the yard,” she says slamming the screen door behind her. “What is it Mama?”
“Hush child, hush don’t tell me! I don’t want to hear you say the word!”
“What? Say what word Mama?”
“Hawk! That... that was a red-tailed hawk!” 
“But Mama, it acted like it was screaming at me and Elizabeth!”
“It probably was Mattie Ann. Sit down baby, and I will explain. Old Granny Scarburg was living with us right before she died. It was then she told me the tale of the hawks.”
Mattie Ann sat at the kitchen table, wide-eyed as she listens to her mother tell Granny Scarburg’s story of the hawk.
“Granny was a full-blood Cherokee Indian, named Running Doe. She got the story from her mother I suppose. Granny wanted to make sure she had passed it on before she died.”
“Passed on what Mama?”
“She said the hawk is a messenger from God or as Granny said the Great Spirit. She said He sends warning to us through the spirit of the red-tail hawk. The hawk is His messenger! Hawks warn of tragedy or foretell of death. Dreaming about a hawk can be regarded as a warning of danger too.”
“Mama, what did the hawk say that me and Lizzie saw?”
“No baby girl, they don’t say anything. Once you hear the hawk’s shrieking it is a warning that something bad is going to happen. You must watch carefully to see which direction the hawk flies. Danger or death will lie in that direction.” 
“What was my hawk’s warning?”
“Baby girl, I don’t know. Go back and watch. If he is trying to talk to you he will come back. Watch which way he flies as he leaves, the direction will provide you the answer.”
Later while playing Mattie Ann is startled again by the shrill cry: kee-eeeee-arr. She looks skyward - her hawk has returned! Around and around the beautiful, red-tailed bird soars screeching its mournful cry, Lizzie is scared and starts to cry. Mattie Ann stands watching, mesmerized by the flapping of the hawk’s wings and the hypnotic sound it continuously emits; finally, it flies off and does not return.
She runs back into the house. 
“Mama! Mama, it flew off. What does that mean?”
“Which way? Which way did it fly?”
“North! North Mama, it flew off toward the north.”
Malinda grabs the tail of her beautifully embroidered apron her mother had given her when she married Robert, places it to her eyes as the tears begin to flow.
“Mama! What’s the matter, why are you crying? What did the hawk mean?”
“North, my baby north is the direction of your father and the boys.”

CHAPTER FOUR
Scarburg Mill

The Yankee’s bayonet hole in Roberts’s chest in now hurting, it hurts something awful. Sweat runs down his face in beads. The sweat gets into his eyes, but he does not have the strength to wipe it away. He lays his head against the stone boulder – it is cool, it feels good on his face. The damp smell of moss and rotten wood envelops his nostrils. The scent reminds him of the caves in the cliffs behind his house overlooking Hog Creek Canyon in Alabama.
He is alone, bleeding to death, abandoned by his sons Luke and Matthew. He wishes he did not have to die forsaken; although, hundreds of his fellow soldiers are suffering and dying within earshot he still feels neglected and forgotten.
He drifts in and out of consciousness. When awake, he is living a nightmare, a terrifying nightmare; the battle, a terrible battle is still raging in all its fury. When unconscious, which is a blessing, his mind lets him dream of home and his family. Especially Malinda, he can almost feel the soft, blonde curls, which cascade down around her shoulders. He can, just about, smell the delicate scent of the lilac water on the nape of her neck. ‘Please,’ he thinks, ‘let this dream continue.’
It seems as though it has been eons since he and Malinda Ingram married. Robert’s mind drifts to thoughts of his father Thomas and his great-great-grandparents John and Celia Scarburg, the ones he called Pappy John and Mama Celia. As the oldest son, and following the custom of primogeniture, Robert inherited his father’s property. Now he is beginning to think he is going to inherit something else - a shallow unmarked grave like all the thousands of other lifeless men on this death strewn field of battle.
Pappy John’s farm as they referred to it, was slightly over ten sections of rich South Carolina bottomland, bordering on Rayburn’s Branch of the Saluda River. Ten sections of land may not sound like much, but one section is six hundred and forty acres, and in that region of the Carolinas six thousand four hundred acres was a tad more than a farm. Pappy John had saved up a tidy sum of money when he and Mama Celia left their home in Virginia to become pioneers in the unsettled frontier of South Carolina. 
The first few years he spent building Celia the beautiful Scarlett Plantation. To be officially called a plantation, a farm must have as a minimum, three slaves regardless of the amount of land it encompassed. John and Celia had never owned slaves nor indentured servants. Calling Scarlett a plantation was in the name only, they never referred to it as a plantation it was simply – Scarlett. 
It had been ten years after their marriage before Scarlett was finished. It had also been rumored, before the completion of the house, that Celia suffered a miscarriage, the death was an infant girl, and perhaps they named this unborn child Scarlett? However, there had never been a girl child in the Scarburg family named Scarlett, as far as anyone knew. 
Pappy’s wife Celia could trace her ancestors back to the beginning of the United States; in fact, one of her ancestors was a signer of the Declaration of Independence. Within Celia’s family was a story, never proven, that her grandfather had two wives, the first died quite young. Family tradition says she was a sister to George Washington. Records of this union were destroyed during the Revolution, and her name was never known, was she Scarlett? No one ever knew the answer for sure. The name Scarlett was a mystery known only to John and Celia.
Another great-great-great-grandfather of Robert’s wife Malinda, Jacob Damascus Ingram, although not a large landowner like the Scarburgs, had amassed a sizeable amount of money also. Jacob and his wife Margaret moved from Virginia with Jacob’s father and Margaret’s parents. They all settled on the western side of Mink Creek, another tributary of the Saluda River, in the early 1760s, a mere mile and one-half east of Scarlett. It did not take very long after arrival in this back-woods country for the Scarburgs and Ingrams to become close friends. Robert Scarburg and Malinda Ingram would grow up together, fall in love and later marry.
In 1769, with the comforts of life having been established John began working on two of his life’s dreams. First he wanted to build and operate a gristmill. Next he had a vision to construct the first Masonic Lodge in that part of South Carolina. Mink Creek was the perfect place for such a mill. The creek might only be a creek, as it was officially described, but the water was clean, cold and ran full and deep both summer and winter. To many they would call it a river, but it was here also that he decided to build and pursue his second dream. Being a fervent Master Mason of the Masonic Order of Free and Accepted Masons he also began work on the first Masonic Hall in that southern area of South Carolina. The lodge would become known as Masonic Lodge Number One. 
Year’s later Masonic Brothers would be proud as they remembered a select group of Masons. These Masons, dressed as Mohawk Indians, left the meeting Lodge at the Green Dragon tavern in Boston and proceeded to the docks. Whooping and hollering they unceremoniously dumped the British tea into the water of the harbor. Patriots up and down the thirteen colonies still refer to this act as the Boston Tea Party. Paul Revere, John Hancock, and Sam Adams were all honored members of this rebellious group of Masonic Brothers in the Boston Masonic Lodge.
Between Masonic Lodge Number One and Scarburg Mill, and at the urging and kind benevolence of Jacob Ingram the local Quaker Friends in the community constructed a beautiful Meetinghouse, which they called the House of the Lord. It was painted a brilliant white. Adorned with stained glass windows, sitting atop was the bell tower, with its two golden toned bells. Over the bell tower was a magnificent steeple topped with a large, six-foot cross; it seemed to reach into the heavens. Its construction was a few years before their fight with England. At that time almost everyone still owed allegiance to the King; on meeting day the bells chimed all to attend the services; however, the break with King George III in the War of Independence silenced the bells, they were never to ring again. 
Their Lodge was not given an official name – it was known only as ‘The King’s Masonic House Number One.’ On the day of the monthly meetings throughout the surrounding community Masonic members would say, “Come brethren get ready, it’s time to go to The King’s House.” Thus on Thursday night once a month Freemasons from across the area would meet at old Number One. The Mason would assemble for the performance of their ritualistic conferment of the Entered Apprentice, Fellowcraft and Master Mason degrees. The conferment of these degrees was to initiate new Brothers to the Order. Even after the Revolutionary War it was still referred to as The King’s Masonic House.
Not only was the mill a place for the locals to get their corn and wheat ground in to cornmeal and flour, it became a favorite meeting place known simply as Scarburg Mill. John’s gristmill thrived. In fact, a small community sprang up around the Mill including a tavern, the Masonic lodge and the House of the Lord. As time passed, the settlement itself became known as Scarlett Town and later as Scarlettsville.
Daily, men would come to trade horses and mules within the confines of the Mill’s expansive yard. Others would swap tobacco for jugs of homemade whiskey; still others would sometimes get in to heated arguments over the plight of the budding colonies of America and the King of England. Some old timers would sit quietly on a wooden bench under the shade of an enormous live oak, whittle on a piece of soft, cedar wood and reminisce about past adventures of their youth. These exploits were sometimes true, but mostly they were fanciful tales that brought smiles to their attentive listeners. 
In the summer of 1774, a vicious thunderstorm, accompanied by high winds and lightning blew in out of the west. A number of violent tornados struck the area; one hurled its raging force upon John and Celia’s home of love. The tornado only destroyed the barn and a couple of out building; however, a bolt of lightning struck one of the lovely old red oaks in the front yard. The resulting fire consumed the beloved Scarlett’s main house, burning it to the ground. All that remained of John and Celia’s dream house was the four, red brick fireplaces, two on either side of the once stately home. The year 1774 could have been remembered as one of the most dreadful years of John and Celia’s marriage. One bright spot had been the birth of their first grandson Thomas, a son who years later would become the father of Robert Steven. A son and daughter had been born earlier, but neither lived long after birth. They named the infants John Junior and Celia Jane. Six months later, John’s son Charles left to join the Patriot forces of General George Washington, leaving his wife and young son Thomas with John and Celia. No word was ever been heard from him again. 

CHAPTER FIVE
1781

One thousand seven hundred eighty-one, what a year! Scarlett has been rebuilt and is even more beautiful than it had been before the fire. The Revolutionary War has been raging for over five years, but still more years remain before the newly formed United States of America can conclusively declare herself independent from the chains of King George III of Great Britain. 
The British military in the Carolinas is beginning to realize the band of rabble calling themselves Patriots, are never going to stop fighting. The countryside of both North and South Carolina did indeed foster some settlers loyal to the King of England, but their numbers, now referred to as Loyalist, are becoming fewer and fewer.
What bothered the British the most is this low-class bunch of commoners, some even brazenly referring to themselves as ‘Americans,’ will not stand up and fight like gentlemen. They hide in the trees and bushes and shoot at them like cowards. Also, bothersome to the leaders of the Kings Army: the scum called Patriots have a propensity to shoot the British officers from their horses first. To punish this band of low-life peasants, the British begin a new tactic. 
In late March of this year, a week or so before Easter, a large group of British Redcoats captures the Whig governor of South Carolina, along with twenty of his staff. The British soldiers, under the command of Colonel Sir David Wilcox, were transporting their group of prisoners to British General Horace Manly’s headquarters in Greenville, South Carolina. At Greenville, the prisoners were to stand trial for ‘Treason Against the British Crown.’ Fortunately or unfortunately as the case may be, their route would take them down the road directly past Scarburg Mill.
The British Colonel does not realize B Company of the 3rd South Carolina Ranger Regiment is camped at Scarburg Mill. The Mill is a good place to stop and give a rest to the saddle-weary cavalrymen. However, from upcountry South Carolina, word rapidly spreads to the Ranger commander, Captain John Coker, of the capture of the Governor and his staff. Captain Coker is also informed of the Governor’s impending arrival, along with his Redcoat captors, at Scarburg Mill within a day or so. 
Captain Coker and his men have been escorting two large wagons from Dahlonega, Georgia to General Washington’s command in New York. The wagons are so heavy laden they each need to be pulled by a team of six mules. The wagon wheels cut a deep rut in the dirt as they traverse the sorry excuse for what are called roads of northern Georgia into South Carolina. The journey, thus far, is exhausting to both the mule teams and the cavalrymen. Horse soldiers with the mission to protect the valuable cargo the wagons carry. Captain Coker and his men are enjoying a short reprieve from their past week’s vigilance of constant guard duty. They are enjoying the food, rest and ‘medicinal spirits’ from the tavern before resuming their journey northward; however, the cargo in the wagons is too important to leave unguarded. It is so valuable that Captain Coker has sentinels walking guard, at all hours, around the wagons with muskets loaded and hammers cocked, ready to fire, even during the night.  
Learning of the British soldier’s advancement Captain Coker calls his Lieutenants together. The decision is made and a plan fashioned to ambush Colonel Wilcox as he approaches the Mill. They envision a surprise attack to catch the Tories off-guard. The cavalry believes they can inflict significant damage upon the Redcoats and possibly free the Whig Governor and the rest of the hostages.
The Captain sends riders to the surrounding Patriot neighbors requesting they grab their muskets and assemble at the Mill to help fight the Redcoats. Jacob Ingram hears the beat of hooves on his long drive leading up to the big house at Ingram Hill – he runs from the barn knowing the rider is bearing important news. Jacob listens intently to every word as Captain Coker’s envoy tells of the impending fight. The dispatch rider had hardly disappeared from sight when Jacob grabs his musket mounts his fastest horse and quickly rides to join the Patriot side in their fight against the British.
On Friday the 13th in April 1781, Colonel Wilcox is dressed splendidly from head to toe. He wears a gold buttoned, red British coat with gold-fringed epaulets, a white waistcoat, white lapels, and black boots that reach the knees of his white britches. His head is topped with a black, gold-trimmed, tricorne hat, which covers his stylish, white, powdered wig. A wig tied neatly in the back with a black ribbon. Behind his white, high-stepping horse walk the despondent Governor and the rest of the Colonel’s Whig captives. Unknowingly, the pompous Colonel Wilcox is walking into a trap set by the Patriots and the men of the 3rd South Carolina Rangers. 
As the Colonel and his men begin to cross the bridge at Mink Creek, a volley of musket fire from the Patriot side cut a swath of death through the British ranks. A raging battle ensue that last all day and into the early hours of the eve. Although badly outmanned, the Patriots do not allow the Redcoats to cross the creek that day. Any attempt to storm the mill results in further loss of the King’s men. The advantage the Patriots command on the opposite side of Mink Creek is too great for a frontal assault by the British soldiers. Knowing a direct assault from the front will be suicidal the Redcoats have to formulate a better battle plan. Around midnight, Colonel Wilcox dispatches twenty-five men to ford Mink Creek a mile or so above Scarburg Mill.
The following morning at first light, cloaked in a dense fog, Wilcox’s men having crossed the swift, cold, creek attack the flank of Captain Coker’s group of Patriots in and around the Mill. The maneuver allows the Redcoats to attack the Patriots from both the flank and front. The Patriots hold their ground stubbornly until close to noon, Captain Coker, grossly outnumbered, and already suffering the loss of eight or ten men, decides to order a strategic withdrawal. The British, however, did not leave the field of battle unscathed. They have roughly fifty dead or wounded, but at the end of the day the honors of the victory will be theirs. Captain Coker gives the bugler orders to sound ‘Retreat’. His remaining troopers mount their horses and flee into the nearby woods. 
Jacob Ingram with blood flowing from a bullet hole through the calf of his right leg and with considerable effort manages to swing himself into his saddle and follow the Captain into the cover of the dense forest. At the time, Jacob thought little of his injury, but it is severe enough that it will cause him a slight limp for the rest of his life. It also furnishes him with innumerable tales of the Patriot’s heroic valor that he repeats many times, under the old oak tree, for years to come. As the years advance, Jacob’s part in the battle seems to become more important. Some thought the limp was to embellish these war stories of which he so eloquently speaks. Whatever the reason the men relished hearing and re-hearing the exploits of the Patriot and British fight at Scarburg Mill.
Colonel Wilcox captures the remaining Patriot combatants along with the wounded Patriots that have not withdrawn with their commander. The Redcoats are now in command of Scarburg Mill. The two wagons that had been so carefully guarded since leaving Georgia are nowhere to be seen. The two teams of mules are tied to a nearby tree, and some charred remnants of wood can be seen smoldering in a fire close-by. Identification of the pile of burnt wood is easy. The British can see it is the remains of wagons, since three of the wheels, which have not been entirely consumed by the fire, are still ablaze. The rims of the other five wheels are plainly visibly in the ashes. The valuables the wagons contain are nowhere to be seen. Perhaps the fiery flames have consumed them too. 
During the fighting of the first day and continually through the fierceness of the battle the following day, John, a non-combatant, administered first aid and comfort. John without regards to his safety helped both the British and the Patriots alike. He and his family provided the wounded with water and offered care and treatment, throughout the heat of the battle. Sheets and pillowcases were torn in strips and used as bandages for the wounded of both sides. 
Later, witnesses would attest that John Scarburg, over the age of seventy, and afflicted with a severe, debilitating case of rheumatoid arthritis in the joints of his knees, was regularly seen kneeling beside mortally wounded British Redcoats. His feeble, wrinkled, arthritic, old hands lovingly holding on to the hands of the dying provided them solace during their last few moments of life. Because of John, they did not meet their Maker alone. At times, he could be seen praying with a dying soldier, not worrying whether he was a Whig or a Tory, to John he simply was a frightened, dying young man.
John Scarburg was not the only person who supplied first-aid and comfort to the soldiers who fought at the Scarburg Mill. His entire family joined him, including two of his oldest sons, his daughters, his wife Celia and Thomas’ wife Olivia.
The following morning, the 15th of April, Easter Sunday, the creek is again covered in a dense fog as the British drummer boy beats “Assembly” to the remainder of the British soldiers. The fog gives the whole area around the Mill a strange, macabre look. The Redcoats fall into formation. They watch in hushed silence as John Scarburg along with his two oldest sons, William and Isaac, are escorted from the Mill by armed Redcoats. All three have their arms bound behind their backs. Neither of the three fired a shot during the entire battle, so it is a surprise that the British have them imprisoned.
Thomas, John’s young grandson, stands crying in the doorway of the mill. He clutches his mother’s apron as she tearfully watches her father-in-law and his two sons being marched from the Mill.
Colonel Wilcox has the three men led to the live oak tree. The old oak was, usually, a place of laughter and tall tales expressed by many under its spreading limbs, but not today. The proceedings this day are somber. There is no gaiety here. 
The assembled soldiers, who had been standing at attention in a perfect military formation, slowly break ranks and begin to form a semi-circle around the men at the tree. Three ropes, tied with hangman’s nooses, are thrown over the largest limb closest to the ground. John, wearing a hat with a black ostrich feather, and his sons are ordered to step up on the bench. Their British guards place the grotesque nooses about his and his two sons necks. The three men offer no resistance.
John directs a question to Colonel Wilcox. The assembled soldiers close to the bench hear the exchange. John requests a few words with his grandson Thomas. Colonel Wilcox, an accomplished adversary, is not without compassion. He grants John’s request.
Motioning to one of his red-coated soldiers Thomas is brought to his grandfather.
“My son, you have to be brave, you will now be the man of the family.” As his grandfather talks, Thomas whimpers and sniffles trying hard not to cry. “Come closer son, I have something to tell.”
Thomas walks forward, steps up on the bench beside his grandfather and his two uncles. John bends over placing his mouth close to Thomas’ ear, he speaks softly. Young Thomas nods his head and answers, “Yes, Pappy, I hear you, but I don’t understand. Is it the big Bible?” 
“It is, but don’t worry my son, someday what I have told you will make sense to you. Promise me you will never forget. Keep this black ostrich plume to remember me by, and someday you will find it will benefit you in a way you cannot possibly understand now. One other thing Son, today I am going to be with the Lord. It is Easter, but it is my Resurrection Sunday. Every year on this day, remember me.”
For a moment, he hugs his grandfather’s leg and refuses to let go. A Redcoat steps forward and removes the small lad from the hangman’s bench. 
John watches helplessly as Thomas, head bowed walks slowly back toward the Mill to his mother. He stops, turns and says in a voice loud enough for all to hear, “Yes, Pappy, I promise, I will remember. I won’t ever forget!
A wet tear slowly fills the corner of the old man’s eye, and slowly rolls down his cheek, and drips upon the dirt where so many happy tales have been told. From this moment on, this day will forever be tarnished by this barbaric act, which is about to unfold.  
The young drummer boy, not much older than young Thomas, hesitantly but obediently, begins to beat his drum slowly, ‘Rat-a-tat-tat, rat-a-tat-tat’... 
Addressing the prisoners, “Dost any request a last word?”
John looking upward toward the heavens says, “Resurrection Sunday, how fitting!”
The Colonel gives the signal, a couple of Redcoats kick the bench, and the three Scarburg men are left dangling at the end of their ropes. A number of the soldiers turn their heads as the hanged men kick silently for a few moments. Soon the thrashing and struggling cease, the last breath of life extinguished, they hang there motionless - they are dead.
What is the purpose of the execution of these three men? Some say, the Colonel thinks they are Patriots who have engaged in the battle. Clearly, dozens of British soldiers watching the murder of these three innocent men can offer evidence to the contrary. Others say it is simply retaliation for the ambush that has taken place. Did the Colonel want this performance to serve as a lesson to the rebellious backwoodsman? If so, it only provides the frontiersmen with fresh resolve to defeat the Redcoats. Regardless of Colonel Wilcox’s intent, three good, honorable men, swinging gently in the breeze, are now dead. The dense river fog briefly lifts, and a ray of sunlight illuminates the big old oak and the three bodies for only a brief moment. This amazing, heavenly display did not go without notice by the assembled British soldiers.
 
*  *  *  *  *

Robert lies against the stone boulder partially conscious. He thinks, dreams or sees a vision: ‘that is my family, little Thomas is my father and he stood on that wooden bench his ears receptive to the secret Pappy John told him, I...I... am a part of them.’ He resolves himself to the fact that he is dying, but life he realizes is nothing but a short journey with death as its final destination, a destination, which he is about to reach.
Even though Robert’s family once embraced, bravely, the young United States of America. Robert along with his sons Luke and Matthew are now fighting against this very flag for which his forefathers fought, bled and died. How can this be? ‘This cannot be real,’ he thinks, but quickly realizing how true it is as another Yankee bullet ricochets off the rock against which he is leaning. 
This is not a dream - The Battle of Gettysburg is indeed real, very real.

CHAPTER SIX
Day Three of the Battle

The remaining members of E Company, 48th Alabama Infantry have been moved from the vicinity of the Devil’s Den and Little Roundtop and re-assigned to Major General Joseph Pickett’s Division. General Pickett’s men assemble on a slightly wooded rise known as Seminary Ridge, approximately three-fourths of a mile east of the Union lines. The Union forces now control the high ground named Cemetery Ridge to their west. High ground with a small stonewall fronting the Rebels. In the early days of the Civil War, it was quickly learned that any fortifications, even a low stonewall, was almost impregnable to an attacking force of unprotected foes. So it was to be this day.
Luke spends most of the morning of the third day in the trees on Seminary Ridge. He is going man to man up and down the line of soldiers seeking information about his father and brother. These gray-clad young men digging and scratching at the earth with their bare hands and bayonets were not concerned with the events of yesterday, Thursday the 2nd of July. It is this day, Friday the 3rd, that worries them the most. Yesterday they were alive at the setting of the sun, sitting around their campfire with their messmates; today they figure they will be dead and sitting at the right hand of the Father. The awareness of the specter of Death hovers over them like an evil fog.
The Rebs scratching at the earth with their hands are war-weary veterans that have ‘seen the elephant’ many times before. In their bones, they know another terrible engagement is at hand. Somehow they know this battle is going to be different. They also know that many of them will not see another sunrise. Fearing this beautiful July Friday would be their last day on earth they are digging holes and hiding their last earthly treasures. Luke watches as one soldier slips a wedding ring from his finger, tears a scrap of cloth from his shirt, wraps it around the ring and gently cover it with dirt. Another folds a scrap of paper with a note to his wife and deposits it in his hole. He knows it will be of no use giving it to one of his friends for safekeeping; they probably will not be alive either. Another hides a tintype picture of his wife and two young children. The sadness of watching these feeble efforts by the men is almost unbearable. 
As Luke walks among the brave, young heroes, he thinks, ‘might this be my last July morning too?’ He doesn’t spend time digging a hole; he has nothing of worth to put in it. The only thing he has of value - his grandfather Thomas’ gold pocket watch, but he cannot see himself burying it in the dirt of Pennsylvania. Regardless of what happens, the watch will stay with him. His primary thoughts are of his father and brother Matthew. He had found a couple of stretcher-bearers and described the boulder Robert and Matthew were hiding behind. Did the men find them? Were they still alive? Before he has time to dwell on these questions, one hundred and sixty rebel cannons open fire on the Union line. The blast from their muzzles rises to a crescendo of noise that is deafening.  Grandfather Thomas’ pocket watch shows that the time is one p.m.
The lines of sweaty, Confederate soldiers fall face down upon the hard, cool, earth. Many pray silently, others pray out loud. Most have their hands over their ears. They are desperately trying to shield their ears from the thunderous roar of the cannons. Added to this roar is the whine of the heinous balls of death that are being hurled over their heads toward the line of Union soldiers. Union soldiers, which are tightly hugging the earth behind the rockwall on Cemetery Ridge, praying as the Southern boys are that they would live to see tomorrow. The roar of the Confederate cannons is awe-inspiring, for the gray-clad warriors believe the Yankees cannot withstand such a horrendous hail of the iron missiles. The Southern spirits are greatly uplifted; however, little did they know that the cannoneers had mistakenly elevated their point of aim that most of the cannonballs sailed over the heads of the Yankees and fell harmlessly far behind the Union lines. 
With their heads pushed into the dirt and leaves, most do not see the stately gentlemen slowly approaching from their right. As the cannonade stops and the air begin to clear – Luke sees the man. Luke is standing so close to the gentleman and his large iron-gray horse he could reach out and touch them both if he so desired. He is within arms reach of his beloved commander – the leader of the Army of Northern Virginia, a man thought by his courageous followers to be almost Godlike. 
Luke stumbles and almost falls. He grabs the back of the General’s saddle to steady himself. Realizing what he has just done he removes his gray forage cap, bows his head and apologizes profusely for touching his commander’s saddle.
“Here, here son, no apology necessary,” the General says, extending his hand to help Luke.
“Thank you...Sir...uh...uh...General.”
“Where are you from Lad?”
“Alabama Sir, I’m from Alabama. I belong to the 48th.”
 “Ah, good state Alabama, fine fighting men,” he speaks but his thoughts are elsewhere. Reaching out again, the General shakes Luke’s hand, tips his hat and begins to ride away on his splendid gray horse. Looking back over his shoulder he speaks to Luke, “Good luck son, may God be with you this day.”

ROBERT E. LEE

The man in the saddle is the general in charge of the Army of Northern Virginia – Robert E. Lee, or Bobby Lee as his men affectionately call him. Mounted on Traveller his gray stallion.
Today General Lee is meeting with his 1st Corp commander Lieutenant General James Longstreet. He is preparing to give Longstreet his order to attack. In an earlier staff meeting, Longstreet had arduously objected to the plan to attack the center of General Meade’s line.
The rebel forces will assemble and begin their charge from the woods of Seminary Ridge. The charge will advance all the way to the Yankees on the opposing Cemetery Ridge across an open three-quarter mile expanse of grass. The Emmitsburg Road, bordered on both sides by a well-made split-rail fence, bisects this long stretch of openness. General Longstreet knows a charge of one-fourth of a mile to a well-entrenched enemy is murderous, but to go another extra half mile will be a disaster. He politely, and in proper military fashion requests his commander, General Lee, to reconsider. Lee will not. Bobby Lee has confidence in his boys. Defeat is not in their nature. Prior to today, the General is correct; they never have been defeated in a battle. He knows the open field is risky, but not suicidal. He feels his men can and will do the impossible. 
From his vantage point high up on Cemetery Ridge, Major General George Meade addresses his orderly, “My glass, please.” The captain quickly opens the telescope pouch and hands the spyglass to General Meade. It is now three o’clock; the cannonade had ceased from the rebel forces.
General Meade sits astride Old Baldy, his white-faced old war-horse. Soldiers are not the only ones that can be war heroes Old Baldy qualifies too. From the height of Old Baldy’s back General Meade, peering through the lenses of his field telescope could clearly see General Lee and Traveller. As General Meade watches the head of the Southern army ride across the front of his army, an army all primed and ready for a fight, he thinks he has never seen such a magnificent sight. Up and down the length of the rebel forces dozens upon dozens of the Star and Bars battle flags flutter in the slight breeze. A shiver goes up General Meade’s spine – the hairs on the back of his neck stand up. He inexplicably recalls a Bible verse:

And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on him was Death, and Hell followed with him. (Rev 6:8)

CHAPTER SEVEN
Attack 
 
General Lee, unaware he is being so closely watched by General Meade, continues down the line of Southern soldiers until he reaches General Longstreet. 
Luke, who is following the General, hears every word spoken.
“Sir,” General Lee says returning the salute of General Longstreet. The Commander of the Army of Northern Virginia, without waiting, issues his order, “Attack General, attack!”
General Longstreet still does not believe an attack on the center of the firmly entrenched Union Army can be successful. Reluctantly, without speaking, salutes, turns his horse and slowly rides away from General Lee. 
Luke turns quickly and begins running through the line of rebel soldiers, “We’re attacking! We’re attacking!” he yells as he runs. The announcement comes as no surprise; most of the men simply take another chew of tobacco or fire up their pipes and await the inevitable. General Longstreet, as do his men, know attacking the Union defenses across that near mile of open space is going to be hopeless. The veterans have enough battle experience to have come to this conclusion also. They are not blind, but they will attack – they will follow orders, they know no other way to fight.
As he continues to run from one Confederate Company to another, Luke keeps inquiring about his father and brother Matthew. No one has seen either of them since the battle of yesterday.
“Luke! Luke!” A voice rings out from the rear of B Company. Luke turns to the sound. Peering through the throng of soldiers, he spies an old friend from back home, Private Carl Saint. Carl, Robert, Luke, and Matthew, all enlisted at the same time in 1862. Once they arrived in Nashville, Robert and Luke remained with E Company of the 48th Alabama; however, Carl went to B Company. At this time, Matthew was pulled from the Infantry and assigned to the staff of General “Stonewall’ Jackson.
Carl is trying his hardest to get Luke to hear him. At the edge of the woods, Napoleon cannons are being unlimbered and on the move. The men are all talking at once, horses whinnying, and officers bellowing orders. Over all this noise, Luke hears enough to begin pushing his way through the group of soldiers toward Carl; finally, they reach each other.
“Carl! Carl! It is good to see you after yesterday’s battle. I am so glad you survived.” Before giving Carl time to answer Luke continues, “Have you seen anything of my father? I left him badly injured yesterday, but I have no news of him. I left brother Matthew with Father also, do you have any information about him?”
“A bit of news, Luke – yer brother Matt he be doin’ fine – I seed him a little while ago, back yonder in yer E Company area.”
“That’s great news, Carl; I have not been back to my Company yet. I have been going up and down the line seeking word on Father and Matthew. What news of Father, Carl?”
“I seed him being bared away from the field on a blanket by two orderlies. I don’t know where they took him tho’.”
“Tell me Carl! Tell me I beg you, was he alive?”
“Luke, I can’t say yea or nay. I was only close enough to catch a glimpse of his face, and I’m sorry, but I couldn’t tell ye if he be livin’ or not. All I knows is his eyes wuz shut.”
 Returning to his Company’s assembly area, Luke searches for Matthew. His Company of two hundred and thirty men has been decimated by the previous day’s fight, finding his brother Matt is not difficult, only about half of his Company remains. 
“Matthew!” Grabbing his brother by his shoulder – Matt turns.
“Luke, I thought you were surely dead, thank God you are alive.”
They continue to hug each other tightly. “I am so happy to see you Matt, tell me about Father, what happened to him? Is he alive?”
“I’m sorry Luke; I could not stay and find out. As I hid behind a boulder, the command was given for the Company to fall back and regroup for another assault on the Yanks. I could not remain any longer I had to follow my Captain’s order; however, just before I was leaving a Union hospital orderly arrived and began abating the flow of blood from Father’s wounds. I asked him his name; I will never forget it if I live to be a hundred, this Yankee boy’s name was Charles Babb. If and I mean IF, Father survived he saved his life. This Babb feller told me he would get some stretcher bearing to come get Father. After the battle, our Company force-marched from the area of Devil’s Den to this place we now occupy. I’m truly sorry Luke; I let you and Father down! I didn’t get a chance to look for him again.” 
“Do not worry Matt, you did all that was possible. You certainly have nothing for which to be ashamed.” 
Matthew tells Luke today’s rumor is the Rebels are to attack the Union forces occupying the far hill toward the west.
Luke confirmed the rumor of an impending attack, telling Matthew he heard it personally from General Lee. He told Matthew about the encounter with Bobby Lee and how he was so close he had overheard the conversation between General Lee and General Longstreet.
Unable to finish, orders were being given: “Fall In! Line of Battle, Fall In,” yelled Company E’s commanding officer Captain Leake. The Captain draws his sword from its scabbard; swings it wildly over his head as his flag bearer falls in line beside him. The Confederate soldier, hardly past his sixteenth birthday, tightly grips his tattered Stars and Bars - a torn and dirty flag bearing the scars of dozens of previous battles. Names of these battles ‘Pittsburg Landing,’ ‘2nd Manassas’, ‘Fredericksburg’, and ‘Sharpsburg’ have been sewed on the red and blue standard; although, ragged and shredded these names of dreadful places of Southern glory are still readable. Grabbing their muskets, the soldiers hurry into a line of battle preparing for the attack, an attack that will add the name ‘Gettysburg’ to their proud banners. 
Luke stands beside Matthew. Matthew withdraws a black ostrich plume. “Mama said this black feather belonged to Pappy Scarburg. He wore it at the Battle of Scarburg Mill and gave it to grandfather Thomas. I wear this in their honor,” he said sticking the feather into his cap. 
He turns and looks to his left – as far as he can see are four lines of proud Southern soldiers with another four immediately behind them. Dozens upon dozens of Stars and Bars flutter in the breeze, turning to his right the same scene is repeated. Standing at the edge of the trees, he sees Traveller and his stately rider General Robert E. Lee. Lee is sitting his saddle as though watching a parade, his gray, bearded face emotionless. His eyes, once bright and alert are now dull and lifeless as they stare out on the field of the imminent battle. His eyes seemingly sense the death and destruction that is about to happen. 
Luke, for the first time, turns his attention from his side of the field of battle to the enemy on the far side. He can see the Stars and Stripes flapping all along the Union line. He can also see the Union soldiers behind a low rock wall. It is the December ’62, Battle of Fredericksburg all over again – except this time the South will be the force attacking an embedded enemy.
At Fredericksburg, the Confederate forces occupied the high ground behind a short stonewall. The Union attackers, under the command of General Ambrose Burnside, mounted a futile frontal assault on these entrenched, seasoned, veterans of General Stonewall Jackson. The Yankees were cut to shreds, suffering thirteen thousand three hundred casualties. Luke realizes the shoe is on the other foot now. The battle of Fredericksburg was like lambs being led to slaughter. Now Luke and thousands of his fellow Southerners are to be the lambs. 
His eyes return to the red, white and blue colors of the Stars and Stripes waving on the far hillside. They are as tattered and war-worn as the Stars and Bars on his side. Glancing from left to right along the Union line, the multitude of American flags seems innumerable. For a brief second, his allegiance to the Confederacy is forgotten. He thinks of the dozens of times he has heard the tale of his long ago ancestor Jacob Ingram fighting the British Redcoats and how he had received a wound in his leg at the Battle of Scarburg Mill. He remembered how the British colonel had hanged Pappy Scarburg, during the Revolutionary War for simply being a humanitarian. And his great-grandfather Charles, who also fought on the American side, but was never heard from again. He thought of his grandfather Thomas, fighting with the Americans in the War of 1812. He remembered his own father Robert Steven enlisting in the United States Army with the twelfth president of the United States Zachary Taylor to fight the Seminole Indians. In fact, his family’s move to Alabama was due, in part to his father, a veteran of the Seminole Indian War, being awarded bounty land by an Act of the Congress of the United States. His whole family, for generations, had defended those same Stars and Stripes sacrificing everything, home, life and limb. Now he is being ordered to attack and defeat the very symbol his forefather’s fought and died so hard to defend — the American flag! 

Chapter Eight
Alabama or Bust

After his return from the War of 1812, Robert’s father Thomas re-opened Scarburg Mill. The Mill had been closed since the death of Pappy John, years earlier. During the war, for heroic action, Thomas had received a battlefield promotion and was discharged as a Captain. Captain Thomas, or as he was called back then Captain Tom, operated Scarburg Mill until his death in 1848. From that time to the present, Robert’s brother Isaac carried on the milling tradition. Since the current War started, the Mill was still operating; however, most of the local corn and flour was being impressed for the Southern cause. What the Confederates didn’t purchase with worthless money, the Home Guard confiscated or just plain stole. Sometimes it was small groups of raiding Yankee soldiers coming through the area pillaging what they could carry off.
Fortunately, Robert left Alabama and made a trip to the Mill a couple of weeks before he left for the army. He had returned with a few large sacks of flour and some bags of cornmeal. That was over a year ago, but Malinda had been frugal, and still had meal and flour even after sharing with her neighbors.
Today, Malinda is using part of Robert’s flour to bake fresh bread. Mattie Ann gets a whiff of its tantalizing aroma drifting out the kitchen window across the yard to her playhouse. She jumps up and runs to the back door. She has already concocted a reason for coming back into the house – in hopes of getting a slice of the warm, fresh bread. “Mama, tell me some more old tales about Granny Scarburg and when y’all lived in Caroline,” she pleads. As she talks she opens the oven door to check the bread, little Lizzie runs in slamming the kitchen’s screen door. 
“Shut that oven door child, and be careful, don’t you two let my bread fall!” Malinda says to Mattie Ann, “So you want to hear about the old days, huh? All right you two pull up a chair, that bread won’t bake any faster with you watching.” 
She begins with her great-great-grandfather Jacob Ingram and his life in Virginia. She explains how his family moved from a comfortable, civilized life to an unsettled wilderness in South Carolina. Mattie Ann sits with her elbows on the table, her head resting in her hands. She is set to absorb every word. The story of the red-tailed hawk was good; she believed there must be more interesting tales left to tell. Lizzie is more occupied with her shuck doll than hearing stories of the old days.
“Now I’ve already told you Granny Scarburg was a full-blood Indian, I was told Pocahontas was somehow related to her.”
“Poco...who?” 
 “Later, I’ll tell you about Pocahontas, now I am going to tell about Granny Scarburg. I know she did not want to leave her family in Virginia, but her father said a wife’s duty was to be with her husband.”
She explained that their father inherited the plantation named Scarlett from Thomas, their grandfather. Malinda told the two girls when Grandfather Thomas died he had close to forty slaves working on Scarlett Plantation. She told the girls their father never approved of owning slaves, and one of the first things he did after taking possession of Scarlett was to officially grant all his slaves freedom. He said God never intended people to be chained, beaten or owned.
“Your Daddy and I were married the 25th of July in the year 1831. I was seventeen, and your Daddy was just eighteen. Robert was never satisfied at Scarlett. The slaves remained as freedmen, with a working salary, but Robert could not shake off the guilt of the many years bonded men worked to make Scarlett the showplace it was.”
The bread is removed from the oven as Malinda continues telling Mattie Ann about ‘the old days.’ “After your father and I were married, we had lived on Scarlett for six peaceful years before war erupted with the Indians of south Alabama, southern Georgia, and northern Florida. The Indians were on the warpath against the whites all along the southeastern section of the United States. Robert thought it was his responsibility to join the United States Army and go fight the murdering heathens.
“I’m sorry girls we never spoke of this, but I believe it is one of the most important things that happened back then.” She told of their father receiving his army discharge in Hall County, Georgia. She further explained how he placed this piece of paper in his saddlebag and began the long horse ride from Georgia to South Carolina. He was on the trail close to a week. Anxious to return home he spent most of the trip in the saddle hesitant to even stop and rest. I don’t believe he would have even stopped to sleep if it had not been for the fact his horse needed rest.
“I remember the day he returned as if it were yesterday.” Tears began to swell in her eyes as she recalled those times and continued her story to Mattie Ann and Lizzie. “Robert later said he rounded the last bend in the road, nearing the long drive leading to Scarlett’s main house. He knew he should be able to see the big main house sitting upon the hill through the stand of oaks and maples growing near the entrance gate. Glaring intently he could sense something was wrong. Your father could not see our beloved Scarlett.”
Pulling on the reins, “Whoa Black Magic, whoa!” His beautiful black stallion was motionless as he stood in the stirrups trying to get a better look. He realized, indeed, something was wrong – the house was gone! Spurring Black Magic he galloped up the drive to the charred ruins of what once had been the pride of the Scarburg family. 
“Dismounting, the children and I ran to greet him. He was astonished.”
“What...what has happened?” He asked.
“My father and mother, Granny and Uncle Willie are dead! I said.
“I told him about a month ago an Indian raiding party came through wanting food. Granny Scarburg met them in the front yard, but after a heated conversation with them, something she said apparently upset them. It may have been the fact that she was Cherokee, and those Indians were Shawnee. Neither tribe had love for the other. As Granny turned to walk back to the house one of the warriors pulled an arrow from his quiver, placed it in his bow and swiftly released the deadly projectile toward her. 
“The sharp-tipped, arrow struck Granny in her back. My father and mother ran to her defense, but they were too late Granny had been killed, and the Indians then killed my father and mother also. 
“The Indians went on a rampage, storming into the main house, grabbing what they could and smashing the rest. They set the house ablaze, mounted their ponies and rode off. Fortunately, they did not hurt any more of the family. The only other death was to Scarlett’s overseer, a trusted black man we called Uncle Willie. While trying to guard the doorway to prevent the marauding band from entering the main house, the leader of the Indian warparty killed him also.”
She tells the two girls how Robert was gone to the Indian War only three months when he came riding home – a hero. He admits to Malinda that he had never fired a shot at any Indian. He said he saw a few, but they were friendly, and they were only interested in trading. At one time he had a marauding Indian in the sights of his rifle, but thought this savage was just another man. A man just like himself with perhaps a family too, he could not do him any harm. He let him escape unharmed. He said later it was discovered the Indian was, in fact, a scout for the Americans and was of vital importance to the Army. Your father was given a medal for exercising judgment rather than merely exacting revenge on the scout. He said it was one of the few times a soldier was given a medal for not killing an enemy combatant.
Malinda explained she had saved only a few things from the main house before it was entirely consumed by the fire.
The only thing Robert asked about was the Bible, “The Bible! Did you save Father’s Bible,” your father kept asking?
“It’s strange – your father was never a deeply religious man, but it seemed he valued that Bible more than anything he owned. She continued, “Sometimes late at night I would see him thumbing through its old pages – not reading you understand, searching as if he were looking for something.”  
Malinda continued with her story. She told the girls that their father attempted to rebuild Scarlett, but he was never able to return it to its former splendor. After returning from the Indian Wars, as Malinda said before, their father was not happy living at Scarlett. He yearned to get rid of the ‘farm’ and find someplace where the stench of slavery had not permeated, and the memories of the past could be forgotten. 
In 1850, he got his wish; the Congress of the United States passed an Act granting unsettled land in Alabama to the Indian War veterans. The amount of land granted was eighty acres. Eighty acres weren’t much, but it would belong to him. Scarlett was ‘his,’ it had been willed to him, but he wanted something he could truly call his own. He wanted to be a pioneer just like his forefather had been before him. He was the son of a plantation owner, educated in the finest schools back east, but he had always stood in his family’s shadow. Now he hungered to build his own reputation from the ground up.
In the spring of 1852, he went to the county courthouse to apply for his allotment of eighty acres of bounty land in Alabama. While there, he discovered Congress had passed another Act granting the veterans an additional eighty acres of land. Now he could obtain one hundred and sixty acres or one-quarter of a section. The land allotments were granted to him; and within two months he had given a Power of Attorney and turned over the running of Scarlett to his brother Isaac. He always believed the plantation should have been divided equally between himself and his brother; however, he was hesitant to give Scarlett to Isaac outright since he was afraid our pilgrimage to Alabama might result in failure. We might have to return to Scarlett. He kept the property title to Scarlett, but allowed Isaac to live there. Scarlett and Scarburg Mill were Isaacs to run as he saw fit.”  
“Our wagons were loaded and ready to begin the long, arduous trip to Alabama.” She tells Mattie Ann and Lizzie the family left South Carolina on the 4th of July 1852 – Independence Day. ‘Yes,’ Robert thought, ‘Independence Day!’ 
““Three freed slaves wanted to go with us. Sary, as you girls know is a roly-poly, no nonsense, kick butt and take names type black woman who is practically a member of our family definitely wanted to come with us. No girls I take that back, she IS a member of our family. She was with me for the births of all you children. During your births, I would shut my eyes and see her beautiful, black face with her red kerchief tied about her head holding my hand saying, ‘Hold on there honeychild, it’s all be over in jest a minute.’ She told me if more children were to come she was going to be right with me, too. Sary was married to Uncle Jed.” 
She explains how Jed inherited the honorary name Uncle Jed after he took over the day-to-day operations of Scarlett following the death of Willie – he and his son Jefferson were coming to Alabama too. Jed and Sary’s only daughter Sarah had died a year earlier from the fever. Nathaniel, Jed and Sary’s older son, had moved his wife Elsa and ten-year-old son Nate Junior to a farm in North Carolina. Nate was conscripted by a scouting party of Yankee soldiers and put to work performing labor duty with the Union Army. She said she had heard that Nate’s wife and son had been killed in a battle that had taken place on their farm, so Jed and Sary figured nothing was left for them in South Carolina. They too would begin a new life in Alabama. Uncle Dave and Ora Lee were appointed as overseers after we left.  
“Where was me and Lizzie Mama?”
“Well, child, you two would not be born until we got settled in Alabama, and yes, Sary was here with me too. Just like she promised, and thank God she still is. 
“I remember the morning we left Scarlett. I was happy and sad at the same time. I wish you could have seen us, Father driving one wagon, Jefferson another and Uncle Jed bringing up the rear. I can still hear Father: ‘‘All right, come on everyone get on the wagons. Let me count off you children, Luke, Matthew, Margaret, William, Isaac, Stephen Ingram, and there you are Tom Henry. That is all the children Mother, let’s get going to our new home in Alabama.’.’
“Father was almost correct, but that wasn’t all of my children. It had slipped his mind about sister Cecelia June, my oldest by birth had already married Lester Smith in the summer of ‘49. Cecelia and Lester were staying in South Carolina. Then there was my darling little boy Paul - I walked over to the cemetery out under the trees close to the big house; I wanted to say good-bye. He was my second; he had died a long time before you two came along. I just had to say good-bye one last time. 
“Robert had estimated the journey to take about five or six weeks. The first couple of days went by without anything happening out of the ordinary; on the third day, we were looking for a place to pitch camp for the night. It was getting close to sundown when we happened upon a cabin. The folks came out and greeted us; we talked, and they wanted us to stay the night with them. They would not take no for an answer. The woman of the cabin even invited Uncle Jed, Sary and Jefferson to stay. Back in those days it wasn’t customary for white folks to ask black folks into their houses. The people in the house welcomed us all but said they were embarrassed that all they had for supper and breakfast was some bacon and cornpone. We gave the family a large, cured ham, some homemade molasses, coffee, and flour. You both should have seen the smile on their faces; it had been a while since they had eaten so well.
 “The night went well as did breakfast the next morning. Once we left the cabin and began traveling down the road, your brother William was wiggling and squirming, so was Isaac. Margaret said something was crawling on her. Stephen Ingram yelled he was being bitten by something sneaking around in his britches too. We were close to a mountain stream, and Robert stopped the wagons.
“He got down from the wagon and declared, ‘Everyone out! Take off all your clothes, grab a couple bars of that lye soap and jump in the creek and scrub all over, rub hard. Boys go downstream, girls you go a bit upstream. I’ll build a fire. Mother you boil everyone’s clothes!’”
 “What was goin’ on Mama? Why did Father want them to take a bath and boil their clothes?”
“Bedbugs child – we were covered in bedbugs we had gotten from those folks in the cabin. They were fine folks, but they didn’t realize they weren’t living there alone.” Malinda said grinning.
Malinda returned to the story of their trip from South Carolina. Mattie Ann was holding onto every word, and hearing the word ‘bugs’ even Lizzie was beginning to listen. After a week or so, Malinda said, they were in the mountains of northern Georgia. One day, suddenly, two men on horseback leaped from the side of the road into the path of their wagons. Both men had bandanas over their faces, wore large, black sloth hats and brandished pistols. One fired his pistol into the air. 
The closest bandit yelled, “Give us yer money! All of it or we’s goin’ to kilt you.”
She explained how Robert had figured the bandits would kill them regardless whether he gave them their money or not, but he wasn’t about to give them anything. 
“All right don’t shoot anymore,” Father said, “the money is right here in this box under the seat. I’ll get it for you. Bending over as if to retrieve their treasures, unknown to the two robbers, Robert,” she said, “had a .44 caliber Colt revolver stashed in the box for just such an emergency. It was loaded and ready to fire.”
She continued her story, “He quickly reached inside the box, withdrew the .44 and without a blink of an eye fired two rounds. Both struck their mark; the two gunmen fell from their saddles to the ground with a sickening thud.” 
She explained Robert was stepping down from the wagon to check on the two assailants when from the back of the wagon one of the children yelled, “Father, Father! Margaret is hurt!” It quickly became apparent that the shot the robber fired was not in the air but at the wagon. The robber did not intend to shoot anyone; however, the lone bullet struck Margaret. No one noticed she was shot. She simply lay against the sideboard of the wagon as if asleep. 
“Robert picked her up and placed her on a quilt on the side of the road; however, nothing could be done she had died instantly when the bullet hit her. We buried her a short piece from the trail, on a slight hill, under an oak tree. We believed she would have liked that. Father used the big, old family Bible and read a scripture – I will never forget it:

“Then we, which are alive and remain, shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.” (1 Thess 4:17)

“Uncle Jed found a flat rock and carved a headstone. We wrapped her in a swatch of canvas Robert cut from the wagon. I buried her in her favorite dress. The pink one with the flowers embroidered on the collar. Robert wrote the date of Margaret’s death in the margin of the Bible, July 25, 1852, right next to that passage in 1st Thessalonians. It had been twenty-one years to the day that Robert and I married. Since that day eleven years ago Robert and I have never celebrated another wedding anniversary, the joy of our wedding day is overshadowed by the painful memory of our beautiful Margaret’s death. After the burial Sary led the whole family in singing Amazing Grace; there wasn’t a dry eye among us.
“We left that awful place and continued on to our farm outside Albertville to this place we now know as Rock Springs. The place Margaret would have thought was so beautiful overlooking the clear, cool waters of Hog Creek. That was over eleven years ago, but it seems as only yesterday.”
“Mama how old was Margaret?”
“Child, I try not to think about that day, but to answer your question: she was twelve,” she said, staring, but not seeing, and trying unsuccessfully to choke back the tears. Dabbing her eye with her handkerchief, she continues, “If she had lived she would be almost twenty-four now – probably married with children of her own.”
“But Mama isn’t that her grave out yonder by the red oak tree.”
“Yes it is child.” Through the tears, Malinda explained they arrived at this place in Alabama a few weeks later. Once they had a tent put up and water to drink Robert could not sleep at night. The morning of the third day of arrival at Rock Springs, he ate breakfast and announced he was going to return to that spot by the road, and God willing he was going to bring his little girl home. He hitched the mules to the wagon, threw together a few vittles and a shovel, stepped on the hub of the wheel and slipped onto the wagon seat. 
“Didn’t you try to stop him Mama?”
“No, my darling, there are times a man has to do what he thinks he has to do, and I knew this was one of those times. I kissed him good-bye and thought I would never see him again.”
Malinda went on to explain as Robert was hitting the wagon seat from the left side Uncle Jed had plopped down on the seat from the right side. Robert looked at Jed and asked him to stay with the family he would take care of this. Uncle Jed said to Robert, “Mister Robert, youse has done told me a many a time what I can and can’t do, but this here time I ain’t listenin.’ Put them reins to them mules flanks and let’s get goin.’ I’m comin’, and I ain’t takin’ no fer an answer.”
“Did they go Mama?”
“Darling, not only did Robert and Uncle Jed go back to that terrible place where the robbers killed my sweet little Margaret, they brought her body and the engraved headstone back here in the wagon. Robert and Uncle Jed built her a fine wooden coffin, and we went out to that old oak and gave her a real proper burial. Father again took his big old family Bible and read:

“When the perishable puts on the imperishable, and the mortal puts on immortality, then shall come to pass the saying that is written: “Death is swallowed up in victory.” “O death, where is your victory? O death, where is your sting?” The sting of death is sin, and the power of sin is the law. But thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.”  (1Cor 15:54-57)

“And as we had done before, we all sang the old spiritual ‘Amazing Grace.’ When we finished singing Robert shut the Bible and turning to walk back to the tent, said to no one in particular, ‘Now daughter you can finally rest, you are buried here with your family. You are no longer alone.”

Chapter Nine
Louie Labeau

Before Malinda can continue the stories of the old days, the sound of horses can be heard coming from the road toward their house. From the sound, she estimates there must be at least half a dozen riders or more.
“You girls stay in the house. I’m going out on the porch and see who’s coming.” Stepping out onto the porch, she sees a group of horsemen, numbering around eight or ten approaching at a gallop. From where she stands, she cannot recognize any of the men.
The leader, riding a handsome, black, stallion, stops at the hitching rail, tips the brim of his hat with a gloved finger and says, “Are you Mrs. Scarburg?”
Malinda isn’t exactly frightened, but she senses there is something sinister about this man. Most of his men wear an assortment of mixed Yankee and Confederate uniforms, none of which match, and all are heavily armed. It appears they have not been near a stream of water in quite a while either. Shaggy, untrimmed beards cover the faces of all but the leader. The leader asking her the question is a grubby, brown-skinned, mean-eyed man, a little on the heavy side, with a thick, black mustache with ends extending below the lower jaw. 
From head to toe his dress is all black. On his head, he wears a sombrero. A large black hat adorned with a rattlesnake band. His whole outfit is topped off with a pair of black, leather chaps with long flowing fringe. The edges of which are adorned with silver Mexican pesos. His knee-length black boots look as though they have recently been shined; however, handsome, ornate, hand-carved silver spurs with large toothed, spinning rowels overshadow the soft, leather boots. Over it all, he wears a black knee length duster, with a slightly upturned collar.
When he speaks, she notices he has one gold tooth in the front of his mouth and talks with a slight accent. He sits astride a handsome, silver inlaid, double hitched, roping saddle. Is it Mexican? For sure it isn’t Army issue. Is he Mexican, Indian or a mix? She cannot tell his nationality.
Before she has a chance to ponder this question he speaks again, “I asked you a question woman, I demand you answer me!”
 Malinda, never the one to back down replies, “Who do you think you are, coming on my land demanding I answer you? I am not afraid of you, but I will answer - yes I am Malinda Scarburg.”
“Is it true you have a husband and two sons off fighting in the War?”
“I do not see how that concerns you, but yes it is true. What do you want?”
“Shut up woman! I’ll ask the questions.”
William and Tom Henry hear the commotion in the front yard. Both come running from the rear of the house and leap upon the porch next to their mother. William declares, “Is everything all right, Mama?” William directs his attention to the boss man, “Sir, you best not talk to my mother in that tone of voice!”
“Well now,” the man replied. “What do we have here?”
“You all get off my property!” Malinda snapped.
“Listen, woman do you know who you are talking to?”
“Not only do I not know who you are – I don’t care, now git!”
From underneath the large black sombrero his eyes narrow, as if squinting, he loudly asks, “I am Louie Labeau...does that name mean anything?” Before Malinda can answer he continues, “I am Captain Louie Labeau, head of the Home Guard.” Waving his arm, “these are but a few of my men.”
From the barn loft Isaac, Stephen, Uncle Jed, and Jefferson watch the confrontation in the yard. Isaac swears right then and there he will not leave the house again without his father’s double-barreled shotgun. He and Stephen are totally unarmed and cannot offer any assistance to their mother from this group of murderous, looking men. All they can do is cower behind the barn wall and cautiously watch through a crack. 
Labeau continues, “I understand you have some cornmeal and flour? In the name of the Confederate States of America, I demand you turn this over to us! Give the food to us immediately!”
“Demand? Demand? Who are you to demand? That is our food! I have already provided a husband and two sons to your Confederate States of America, I will not supply you anything more.”
“Excuse me. I did not mean ‘give,’ the Confederacy is more than willing to pay for the food.”
“Pay? Pay me with what? That worthless Confederate money?”
Mattie Ann and Lizzie sitting on the parlor floor, listen unobserved from underneath an open window and hear every word spoken. Mattie slips from her hiding place and quietly on tiptoe hurries to the kitchen’s meal and flour box. She removes the last sack of flour and the remainder of the cornmeal. She wonders what to do with them now? Looking around the kitchen, she can see no place that will make a good hiding place. 
It is summer, and the kitchen fireplace is not being used. She pushes the flour sack and cornmeal bags up into the chimney, arranges everything around the hearth as though nothing has been disturbed. After a check of the kitchen, to make sure everything is in order, she returns to Lizzie still hiding underneath the window and scared. 
Louie Labeau is, in fact, mixed race; his pappy was Cajun of French decent and his mother a black, prostitute slave girl from the French Quarter in New Orleans. Labeau hated the name – ‘half-breed,’ half white and half black. However, what makes him despise his station in life is the fact that half-breeds are condemned in the antebellum South more than blacks. They do not fit in in the white world, and the black folks will not accept them either.
Labeau left New Orleans in his teens. He ran away from home and pretended for a while he was an Indian; sometimes he would tell folks he was Mexican. Whatever the story, he grew up mean and resentful. Resentful of all whites, blacks, Indians and even Mexicans too. He tried hard to cover it up, but he could not erase his entire Louisiana accent, he still retained a hint of it. He hated the Cajuns too. It did not matter to him he hated all equally. He migrated to Alabama early in the 1850s working his way up the Mississippi and then the Tennessee River as a deck hand on the steamboat ‘Natchez,’ finally arriving at Ditto’s Landing, Alabama. He would not have left his steamboat life at such a remote river port in North Alabama if it had not been for the trouble he had gotten in to while traveling up the Tennessee. During a dispute in a card game, he beat a fellow deckhand on the large paddle wheeler to within an inch of his life. The tobacco-chewing, ever-cussing, always-wary riverboat captain thought it best to be rid of him – he physically kicked him off his boat just south of Huntsville, Alabama.
Labeau found work as a roustabout on the docks of Ditto’s Landing in the daytime and worked the poker tables at night cheating at cards. It wasn’t much of a life, but for the time being it would do; however, the war was coming and he was the right age for conscription. Important military dignitaries traveled up and down the river, sometimes getting on or off paddle wheelers
at the Ditto’s Landing wharfs. He could not take the chance that they would see him, and noticing his age would have him marching off to some battle that he had no interest in fighting. He left Ditto’s Landing and moved farther east and south arriving in the sleepy little town of Albertville, Alabama. Albertville had a railroad, but there was nothing of military interest in or near this remote crossroad settlement – it was a perfect place for him to lie low until the War’s end.
His ‘slick’ card-playing career coupled with his skill with his fists eminently qualified him as a bouncer in the roughest saloon in town. One night he met his match when he tried to oust a cotton farmer the size of a small mule, and about as tough and ornery. He could not beat the rough redneck in a fair fight, so he employed a pair of brass knuckles and a blackjack. He beat the overgrown clodhopper to death. Until the circuit-riding judge arrived in town, the sheriff placed Labeau under arrest and lodged him in the Marshall County jail at Guntersville, Alabama.
The local Confederate Conscription Officer heard of Labeau’s last exploit and made a visit to the jail. Labeau told the Major he was Spanish, and hailed from Louisiana. The Conscription Officer bought Labeau’s story, in fact, he didn’t care about his nationality; he had a job for Labeau. An unpleasant job that demanded a rough man: Captain of the Home Guard. 
Labeau saw this as two strokes of good luck. First he would be deferred from active military service, even if he were discovered to be an American, and second there was an excellent chance to make some good, if not dishonest, money. With this job, he could rob the citizens under the guise of the law and not be prosecuted. The Home Guard’s duties including finding and returning deserters, searching for draft dodgers and seeking out men between the age of sixteen to sixty to conscript into the Army of the Confederacy. Most of the time, the boys and men the Home Guard ferreted out were reluctant to return to their previous military units or they were determined not to enter the service of the State of Alabama altogether. Conflicts such as these were where the skills of Louie Labeau came in to play. He and his gang of legal thieves and ruffians were to ‘gently’ persuade those men and boys to see the error of their ways, and change their minds about military service.
“Why ain’t you boys in the army?” 
William and Tom Henry do not reply.
“Tell me boys...your ages, or I will beat it out of you?” As he cracked his menacing, eight-foot, bullwhip.
Malinda quickly answers, “William is going on twenty-one and Thomas Henry is thirteen.”
“Well now...” Labeau grinned; his gold tooth sparkling as he twists the end of his mustache.
“I’ve already got three of my men in the Army, and William is home working the farm. Thomas Henry is not old enough −”
“Now we’re gettin’ sommers,” he said glaring at the two boys, “I’ll deal with you two later.”  He turns his attention back to Malinda, “now take me to the flour and cornmeal. I’m done through talkin’ with −”
“I tell you we don’t have any extra food!”
Captain Labeau dismounts; stomps up the walk toward the porch at the same time slapping his pant leg with his braided, leather bullwhip. Pushing Malinda aside he does not bother to turn the knob on the front door – he kicks the door open.
Mattie Ann and Lizzie scream and run to their mother’s side. She kneels and pulls them close, “Don’t be frightened girls everything is going to be fine,” gently stroking their heads. “He will be gone in a while.”
 “Who else is in the house?” Labeau demands as he enters the kitchen. He sees Sary cowered in the corner. “Well, what we got here – how many of these slaves you got?”
Malinda answers, “None! I don’t own any slaves – Sary is a free woman. She was working for a small salary and found before the War, now she just works for found. I can’t pay her anything.” 
Sary jumps to her feet and gets right in Labeau’s face, “Git outta mys kitchen you Carpetbagger, git yerself and yer trash out of the Misses house I say!”
Pushing Sary aside, he begins throwing dishes and pans about the kitchen yelling, “Where is that flour and meal?”
Seeing that delaying the inevitable any longer is useless Malinda speaks to Labeau, “The flour and meal are kept in the flour box,” pointing to a large wooden box. She further explains, “Over in the corner,” and sarcastically adds, “why don’t you help yourselves.”
Following behind Labeau, Malinda watches as he opens the lid to the box. “What the blazes?” The Captain steps back, turns and screams, “it’s empty!”
Malinda is as surprised as Labeau. Stunned she replies, “I was trying to tell you we have no food. Now get out of my house!”
“Well, I might not get any food, but I’m not leaving empty handed – that son of yours will make a fine soldier.”
As they walk back toward the front door, Malinda gently tugs at Captain Labeau’s sleeve. He turns, “Could I have a word in private Captain?”
She directs Labeau into the hallway next to the steps leading upstairs. Once his men have gone outside Malinda grabs Labeau’s hand. He jerks his hand back she grabs it once again. This time she places a Double-Eagle gold coin in his palm. “This is all the hard money I have, the rest is Confederate. Give my boy at least a week to get our farm in order before he goes off to the Army, please. We have one bale of cotton. If you can wait until then I will sell the cotton and give you all the money it brings.”
Labeau opens his hand and sees the twenty dollar gold piece. He rubs it between his thumb and index finger. He sticks it between his teeth and bites hard it feels good, but more gold from the sale of the cotton will be better, he agrees to the proposition.
As the scum of Southern society rides toward the front gate, the family watches from the porch. With Labeau leaving William is safe for the present, but Malinda knows her son is on borrowed time - she does not have an iota of cotton to sell! 

Chapter Ten
Help Me, Please

Robert is conscious enough to hear his Confederate comrades running past him as they retreat. He tries to yell for help, but the words will not come out of his mouth. His fellow soldiers are running off and abandoning him. There is no hope for help. He is dying – and he is going to die alone.
However, help does arrive, in the form of two Yankee stretcher-bearers. The two litter bearers find Robert sitting against a large rock, unconscious. One grabs him by his arms and the other his legs, and places him on an improvised litter. It is no more than two poles and a blanket, but it serves the purpose. As soon as they lifted him up and began to move Robert is struck in the head by a bullet from a Yankee musket. It is a glancing shot that does not penetrate his skull.
His vision blurred by the bullet he cannot see the fellows that are bearing him from the field of battle. He doesn’t care who they are; if he doesn’t get help soon, he is going to bleed to death from the bayonet wound in his chest. He can see dozens and dozens of soldiers as his two saviors carry him through the woods to a medical wagon. He assumes they are Confederates.  
Neither of the Union men notices the marks on the boulder as they move him to the litter. Robert has used his small pocketknife to scratch the letters, “2K168.” If the soldiers noticed the scratches, the letters would have made no sense to them. However, they are unquestionably important to Sergeant Scarburg. Robert still thinks his rescuers are Confederates. He can see them well enough now - they are dressed in blue; they are Yankees! Only hours earlier they were trying to kill each other now these blue-bellies are attempting to keep him alive.
Before being ordered to leave his father Matthew and Charles Babb, the volunteer hospital orderly, made a makeshift bandage trying to stop the foamy blood that flowed profusely from Robert’s chest. With Robert’s handkerchief, they managed to cover the puncture hole and securely tied his belt around his chest to hold the rag tightly against the wound. This slowed the bleeding considerably and almost completely stopped it. Foamy blood, the young Mr. Babb said, indicated the bayonet must have punctured Robert’s lung.
From the field litter, they shove Sergeant Scarburg into the bed of a blood-soaked wagon. His body is tossed, unceremoniously on top of the other wounded soldiers; some too severely injured to offer any objection. The wagon’s grisly condition indicates the current load of wounded and dying soldiers aren’t the first to use this four-wheel conveyance of death. The next hour or so he endures being bounced and jostled on a muddy road more adept for a mountain goat than a mule-drawn wagon. He is beginning to believe that he will not survive the wagon trip long enough to find medical help. When the wagon ride ends, he is at a temporary Union hospital south of Gettysburg. An open spot in the middle of the forest bounded on one side by a railroad track. The chief surgeon is Dr. Jonathan Letterman.
The litter bearers place him on the ground, outside the medical tent. A couple of doctors are using the area for triage. Soldiers with a red rag tied around their arms command first priority. Those with white ones go next. Wounded men with black rags do not receive treatment – they will not expend any medical supplies on them, they are left to just die. No one comes to check on him after his first initial evaluation; the reason is the black cloth tied around Sergeant Scarburg’s arm. Even if he had a red or white rag he would be a very low priority. He was the enemy – the Yankee doctors treat their soldiers first Confederates come last, if at all.
A couple of hours pass, Sergeant Scarburg desperately wants a drink of water. “Help me please!” he moans. His parched throat begs for a soothing drink. Mumbling, he tries to beg anyone nearby for water. At last when he thinks he can last no longer he hears what he thinks is an angel speak to him.
Although not a heavenly angel, she no doubt is an earthly one clothed as a nurse. Softly she speaks to him, “Soldier! Soldier can you hear me?” She continues, “Can you answer me?”
Scarcely above a whisper he answers, “Wa...wa...water!”
The nurse could hardly hear Sergeant Scarburg, but she heard enough to understand he wanted a drink of water. She found a gourd dipper and a bucket of water, propped him up and let him drink the cool water until it oozed out the corner of his mouth. Earlier he thought she was an angel now he is sure she was heaven sent.
She removes the black rag, summons an attendant and has Robert carried inside the surgeon’s tent and placed on a blood-soaked table. A pile of arms and legs almost waist high is visible outside the rear of the tent. Opening Robert’s chest the surgeon explained how lucky the Sergeant is. ‘Lucky? Lucky?’ thought Sergeant Scarburg, ‘it’s obvious this idiot has never had a ten inch piece of steel shoved into his chest!’ But, the doctor is right the bayonet only nicked his lung and did not hit any other vital organs. The surgeon did what limited care he could, sewed him back up, bandaged his head and sent Robert into a large tent with other injured Rebels. The doctor offered little hope that the Sergeant would survive. Robert was now officially a Rebel prisoner of war and a dying one at that. 
His angelic nurse constantly visited him, wiped his brow and gave him water to drink. On more than one occasion she would change his bandages and give him a tablespoon of laudanum to ease the pain. Sometimes she would bring him a little milk boiled with whiskey and sugar. It was glorious to Robert. Over the following days, he began to improve, but his head still hurt terribly. The bleeding had stopped in both wounds; his breathing was labored but adequate. He was conscious enough to speak with his nurse.
“I want to tell you I appreciate what you have done for me.”
“You’re welcome. I can see by the stripes on your sleeve you are a Sergeant, but what is your name and regiment?”
“It’s strange – Madam I know I am a Reb, but for the life of me I cannot remember anything except being brought here; however, I want to thank you for being so kind. I will never be able to repay you for your saintly attentiveness. If I do not survive would you please get the word to my... my... I know I must have someone; however, right now I do not know who!”
“Sergeant you are not going to die! You have temporarily lost your memory due to your head wound, but I believe it will eventually return; however, you owe me no words of thanks. I believe God put each of us on Earth for a purpose. I think helping the injured and dying men on the battlefield is my purpose in life. I feel it as strongly as anything I have ever felt. Sergeant I am not looking for any thanks, seeing you improve in health is payment enough.
“You are my ‘Angel on the Battlefield’ Mrs.? Miss? I do not even know how to address you.”
“I’m sorry; it is Miss... Miss Barton... Miss Clara Barton.”
“Are you in the Army Miss Barton?”
“No Sergeant I am a volunteer nurse. As I said before this is something, I feel, God has instructed me to do.”
Robert notices she is wearing a plain white blouse buttoned to the neck. Over her heart is pinned a small scape of red cloth. 
“May I ask the meaning of the red piece of linen attached to your blouse?”
“It identifies the few of us as volunteer medical attendants. It is easier for the doctors to find us when they need assistance.”
“May I make a suggestion? As a religious woman, Miss Barton I suggest you cut the red slip of fabric in to a red cross. That will still identify you as a volunteer, but the cross will be a badge signifying to everyone your belief that your duty to help the wounded is God inspired. Those of us injured are desperately in need of your Heavenly sent services.”
Clara gazed intently out into space thinking about his suggestion. “Hmmm, a red cross. That is an interesting idea Sergeant. I will have to give that some further thought. Oh, don’t worry your memory will return, I’m sure of it.” 

Chapter Eleven
Pickett’s Charge – Day Three 

The Union forces slow their rate of cannon fire and to conserve ammunition, they cease their firing altogether. The Yankee commanders think it will fool the Rebels in to believing the Confederates have knocked out their cannons. The ruse works that is precisely what the Rebs think.
General Pickett slowly walks his horse along the long line of his battle ready men until he reaches Longstreet, he asks, "General shall I advance?" Longstreet, now overwhelmed with grief and despondency, does not look at Pickett, with head bowed, he lifts his hand into the air. This simple gesture tells General Pickett he has his orders.

CHARGE

Returning to the front of his men, General Pickett turns in the saddle, removes his saber from its sheath, and holds it high above his head yelling, "Attention Battalion! Dress on the colors! Forward! March! Charge the enemy and remember old Virginia!’ He and his men begin a slow and deliberate advance toward the Union Army nearly a mile away on Cemetery Ridge. Turning to look back, he sees over twelve thousand Southerners stretching a mile from one end to the other. The men who survive that day say there was almost total silence as line after line of men in perfect military alignment march forward, without a word being said, to their certain death. The only noise that could be heard was the sound of the soldier’s gear rubbing against their bodies and the footfalls trampling on the grass of the field. The Union men watch the wave of men in gray in amazed awe.  
In the front row of soldiers are Luke and Matthew advancing toward the Union’s strong, fortified position. Luke turns and speaks to Matthew, “Be brave little brother, looks like we’re going to get to ‘see the elephant’ up close and personal.”
The order is given, ‘Advance at a quick-step.’ Luke glances over at Matthew again. As they begin the slow trot, it is a 90-degree, humid day; sweat is dripping from the end of Matthew’s nose. “Courage, Matthew, courage!” Luke is trying to bolster his younger brother’s resolve, but Luke himself is so scared he does not believe he can put one foot in front of the other. He wants to retreat, but it is impossible. Beside him and behind him are his friends; some are family and others neighbors from back home. He cannot, he will not be branded a coward. He must, in spite of his fear, keep advancing toward the Yankee enemy.

‘Halt! Prepare to fire by battalion! Battalion! Ready! Aim! FIRE!’

Knowing Matthew is ‘seeing the elephant’ for the first time Luke says to him as they halt, “Matt, throw away that knapsack, your blanket and anything else you won’t need right now. Keep only your gun, bayonet, cartridge box, powder patches and canteen. Stay low, and when I say ‘run’ you run as if the Devil himself is after you, run like you have never run before, understand?”
Matt is too scared to answer, he merely nods.
As they begin to get in the range of the Federal cannons, Luke realizes the Yankees are using grapeshot; a cannon ball type instrument of death packed full of gunpowder and lead balls the size of marbles. When fired at close range men, horribly wounded, drop by the dozens when the balls explode. 
They are getting nearer – the deadly musket shots are coming at them in volleys. Men are falling in masses as the rifle and cannon fire cut big swaths in the advancing line of Rebel men.
The bugler is given the order to blow, ‘Charge Bayonets! Forward at the double quick! March!’ Amid the screams, yells, and cannon firings the sound of the bugles can hardly be heard. Looking forward, Luke sees the split rail fence running beside the Emmitsburg Road. Men are lying all over the ground; many have horrendous wounds, others are missing arms or legs. He stumbles over the upper torso of a young soldier, a boy actually, with his face contorted and frozen in the grip of death. His deep, blue eyes stare out into eternity. Tender eyes his mother will never see again. Some of the men lying face down in the dirt does not appear to be hurt, they are too paralyzed with fear to get up and continue. He does not say it, but Luke empathizes with them. 
Luke sees he and Matthew are only a few hundred yards from the slight protection the split rail fencing might offer. “Run! Matt run! Come on Matt... RUN! Try to get to the cover of the fence!” They, along with hundreds of others turn their orderly march into a headlong flight at full speed toward the totally inadequate protection of the fence. Luke has sprinted at full speed many times before, but this time he believes his lungs are going to explode. He sucks hard trying to pull air in, his forage cap flies off as he jumps over dead and dying men on the ground, but he keeps running. The soldier running directly in front of him takes a musket bullet to the head. Blood, brains, and hair are blown into Luke’s face. He can hardly see for the blood in his eyes of the unfortunate young lad, but he continues to run. He cannot wipe his face for fear of losing a step in his mad dash for the fence. Stride for stride brother Matt is keeping up with him. “Run Matt run!  We’re goin’ to make it!”
Just a few minutes earlier, the pride of the Army of Northern Virginia had been a magnificent line of Confederate Infantry. Now it is a ghastly hodgepodge of bodies without legs, arms without bodies, and the mortally wounded lying all over the field. The cream of Robert E. Lee’s Army lie mutilated and mangled upon the battlefield between Cemetery and Seminary Ridges. The remainder is huddled in frightened masses behind the inadequate protection of the wooden, split-rail fence.
A number of men try to climb over the wooden fence. Nearing the top rail they are being exposed to the murderous volleys of musket fire coming from the Union line. Most do not get to the far side. They are being killed or wounded and collapsing in a pile around the un-injured that cowers on the ground at the base of the fence. Confederate officers move up and down the line of scared men hiding behind the fence urging them, at gunpoint, to advance. The men are hesitant but respond. As if in a wave, they get up and begin climbing the fence once again. Luke throws his leg over the top rail extending his hand trying to help Matthew mount the bottom rail. Matt emits a deafening scream. He apparently has been hit. He tries to grab Luke’s hand, but before he can grasp Luke’s outthrust fingers Matt collapses in a heap on the ground. Luke jumps from the fence, pulls Matthew up to a sitting position, but an officer forces Luke at gunpoint back over the fence. He has to leave his brother and advance toward the Union defenses. Pickett’s Charge should be better described as Pickett’s Slaughter but regardless it continues.
As they near the Union line, the Confederates continue screaming their infamous Rebel yell, firing their rifles and running faster and faster. The leading elements of the charge are now beginning to engage the Union forces in hand-to-hand combat. Up and down the long line of Yankee soldiers, each Company’s bugler can be heard above the roar of battle, blowing ‘Infantry Commence Firing.’ The men of both armies fight with bayonets, knives, and rifle butts, some even throw stones. It is a battle for survival. Swords sever arms, hatchets split open skulls, and the ground is saturated with a ghastly, red color as if it had been raining blood. Oh, the smell, a nauseous smell. A scent the men had encountered before, but never a stench with such a pungent, sickening odor. The repugnant smell permeated the air as though they are fighting enveloped in a smell as thick as fog. If the South had not retreated that appalling day, not a man on either side would have gone unscathed.

SPAKE AS A DRAGON

General George Meade is not the only commander on the field of death this day with Biblical scriptures on his mind. General Robert E. Lee stands this third day of the battle on the opposite edge of the battlefield with his spyglass to his eye.  As he watches the destruction of his army, he recalls a verse:

“And it came to pass on the third day in the morning, that there were thunders and lightnings, and a thick cloud upon the mount, and the voice of the trumpet exceeding loud; so that all the people that was in the camp trembled.” (Ex 19:12)

The noise coming from the battle was a tremendous roar; individual sounds could not be distinguished. General Lee had seen other battles but none this awesome or formidable. Watching in awe he says:

“...I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth, and he had two horns like a lamb, and he SPAKE AS A DRAGON.” (Revelation 13:11)

General Lee, a deeply religious man who reads his Bible daily, has always believed the reference in the Book of Revelations about the ‘two horns like a lamb’ was a reference to the United States. The lamb is a meek, tender loving animal when provoked will use his two horns as a battering ram. Today the Battle of Gettysburg was in its third day, and the Ram of the Union Army is battering his Army of Northern Virginia to pieces. General Lee has never seen a dragon, but he believes if one exists its voice surely would sound exactly like the terrible roar of battle taking place before his very eyes - a roar he imagines, that surely ‘SPAKE AS A DRAGON!’ 
After an hour or so of fierce hand-to-hand fighting, General Meade sends up reinforcements, outnumbered the shattered Southern forces start to lose ground and begin to retreat. Pickett’s Charge is now turning to Pickett’s Defeat. Not only is Lee’s invincible army beaten, some of the men are throwing down their arms and surrendering. Luke, although only slightly wounded, does not discard his weapon nor surrender, but never the less, is among the men captured. As the men in blue lead him away, he stares intently at the body littered field toward the Emmitsburg Road and the rail fence, looking for Matthew. They are countless, so many dead and wounded he cannot distinguish merely one body from among the endless piles of carnage. He passes a Union Colonel watching the Confederates as they struggle to return to the safety of their lines. Luke reaches out, grabs the sleeve of the Colonel’s coat and begs for a brief look through his spyglass, “Please, sir I plead with you! I seek my brother...can I just have one look through your glass...just one look? He was badly wounded!” With a look of disgust, the Colonel jerks his coat sleeve free, turns from Luke and walks away as though some vermin had just touched his arm. 
The glorious Army of Northern Virginia began the charge with twelve thousand brave and fearless men now hardly six thousand of them are barely able to walk, crawl or drag themselves back to the woods of Seminary Ridge.
General Lee rides Traveller out onto the gallant field of blood and valor. Meeting the straggling remnants of his once glorious Army of Northern Virginia, he speaks to them sorrowful, "It is my fault, it is all my fault!" 
He waits patiently on General Pickett; finally, he sees him. Pickett’s face is blacken from the gunpowder, his uniform torn, his hat missing, blood oozes from the shoulder of his mount ‘Old Black.’ Lee approaches and addresses him, "General upon my shoulders rests the blame. Please assembly your Division we must provide for a counter-attack."
“General Lee, I have no Division!”

CHAPTER TWELVE
Prisoners of War 
 
 Sergeant Scarburg remained at Doctor Letterman’s Hospital for a few days. Day by day his condition improves due in large part to the constant care he receives from Miss Barton or one of her attendants. Miss Barton had found a scrap of paper in Robert’s pocket. It is his promotion orders to Sergeant. She could read the name ‘Robert Steven Scarburg, Sergeant, 48th Alabama Infantry.’ He is glad to know his name and who he is, but his memory is still foggy; however, it is slowly beginning to return.
One hot day an orderly enters the hospital tent and yells, “Attention to Orders!” He begins to read the names of the Confederate prisoners that will be transferred.
“Private Johnny Adams, Private William Bates, Private Benjamin Dunway...” he continues calling out names until he gets to the “S” names – Sergeant Robert Scarburg,” Robert did not hear the rest of the names the orderly calls out. He knew this day would come, but he just did not think it would be this quick. At least he now knew for certain his name!
Private Benjamin Dunway occupies the bunk next to Robert. Ben was in McLaw’s 10th Georgia Infantry. During Pickett’s Charge, Ben’s 10th was on the left of Luke and Matthew’s 48th Alabama. Before the war, Ben worked for the Consolidated Mining Company in a small town in the hills of northern Georgia named Dahlonega. Raised in the backcountry with little or no formal education, but Ben had a heart as big as his six-foot six-inch frame. He has already been in the Army almost two years even though he is only eighteen years old. He, unlike Luke, did not reach the rock wall on Cemetery Ridge, but suffered a shoulder wound and was captured. During their stay in the hospital tent, Ben and Robert become friends. Due to their age differences, Ben looked upon Robert as a father figure.  
Robert and Ben spend most of the days talking. They are not allowed out of their tent. Ben recalls the various battles his Company and Robert’s have been in, Ben talks and Robert listens. But the conversation always returns to home, well at least Ben speaks of his home. Robert vaguely remembered his great-great-grandmother telling him the story of the Battle of Scarburg Mill when was a boy. The blow to his head affected his short-term memory, but his long-term was getting better by the day. He especially remembered the name Dahlonega when Ben mentioned it. Granny Scarburg had told of the two Revolutionary War wagons, which left from Ben’s hometown of Dahlonega heading to the Armies of General Washington. 
Remembering his grandma’s story, Robert asks Ben if he might know what the wagons, heavy loaded, would have been carrying eighty-two years earlier. Ben answers quickly – gold! If they left Dahlonega fully loaded, they must have been carrying hundreds of pounds of pure gold. It had to be gold; Dahlonega had nothing else worth transporting anywhere. The gold ore leaves the mines, goes to the smelter, and after melting the gold is poured into twenty-four karat gold bars weighing twenty-seven and one-half pounds each. Robert is stunned as he hears this – gold! The wagons must have been carrying gold! 
Granny had not told him much; those days were hard for her to recall since she had watched the British hang her husband and two sons. She didn’t forget to mention the two burned wagons at the Scarburg Mill. She had talked a little about his Pappy’s Masonic Lodge and his Bible, but Robert was young, and those things did not seem important to him at the time. His granny did not mention the word gold. He never envisioned two wagons full of gold BARS! Somehow the numbers 2K168 were important too, but he did not know what they meant, and Granny never explained them either. Robert had figured if he died his sons should know the ‘numbers,’ whatever the puzzle meant. Maybe someone would figure them out someday, but he thought the Mill, a House of the Lord, the Bible, Masons and gold how did all this tie together? Or was there even a connection?

CHAPTER THIREEN
Trash, Rebel Trash 
 
Luke had been born in South Carolina before the Scarburg family left Scarlett and moved to the pioneer homestead in the newly settled country of north Alabama. He had heard the family speak of the slaves, but he knew his grandfather Thomas had granted them their freedom when he inherited Scarlett. Luke was young, but he believed all men should be free. His involvement in this War Between the States wasn’t a fight against freeing the slaves, but the fight for states rights. He believed the states of the South, especially Alabama, ought to able to govern themselves. If the people in the states wanted slavery that was fine by him, but if they decided they did not want to keep slaves that was okay too. He was southern and would fight the South’s fight, but in his heart he really did not believe in slavery.
A Yankee Captain pushed Luke into the mass of Rebel prisoners on the backside of Cemetery Ridge, in the rear of the Federal lines. Luke is unsure what is to happen next after his capture during Pickett’s Charge. He, along with hundreds of other Rebels, is being herded from the battlefield to a prisoner collection point near the Federal supply wagons in the rear. 
A voice, from the seat of one of the supply wagons, speaks to the officer-in-charge. “Captain,” the voice says, “I knows that man,” the voice says referring to Luke, he’s name is Scarburg. I worked fer his Pappy on his plantation in Carolinny.”
“Shut up you black field hand, this here Johnny Reb’s plantation days are over,” the Captain says slapping Luke across the face with his gloved hand. “Trash, Rebel trash!” Slapping Luke again the Captain cuts a large gash across his cheek, which bleeds profusely, but doesn’t seem to be too serious.
“Beggin’ the Captain’s pardon, Sir, but I’s knows this here feller. He’s from a good family. His grandpappy freed me and all the slaves on the plantation long afore the War...he’s a good’ern, I’s a tellin’ you Captain!”
“All right Blackie, he’s yours since you love’em so much. You and the rest of the blacks have the dead to bury, make him do it too – he probably killed a lot of those boys anyways!”
“Jump up here ons this here wagon Master Luke! You be my slave now!”
Without hesitation, Luke takes one stride, steps upon the hub of the wagon wheel, and with one bound is sitting next to a black man about his age. The driver has a black slouch hat pulled low over his eyes.
“Nate? Is that you? I didn’t recognize you...what are...?”
“Hush up Luke, don’t sez another word, we’s got to get outta here, and I means fast.”
Nate was one of Luke’s best childhood friends. Nate’s family came with the Scarburg family to Alabama, but Nate had already married and left Scarlett by the time the Scarburgs decided to move. When Sary’s first son was born she loved the name ‘Nathaniel’. She gave him that handsome name as she called it; however Sary was barely just able to read and write so she only called him ‘Nate.’ She only used ‘Nathaniel’ when he needed discipline, or she was angry. As slaves, Sary’s family had no surname, everyone only had a Christian name. When Thomas, Robert’s father, inherited Scarlett, he freed all the slaves, but they had to have a family name. They decided to use the name ‘Scarburg’ on their Certificates of Freedom or Free Papers as the blacks called them. 
Slapping the leather reins against the mule’s flanks, Nate pulls the wagon out of the long line of Union supply wagons. He begins moving in a direction opposite to General Meade’s wagon train of supplies, wounded and prisoners.
Nate has a plan. Thousands of dead lie scattered about on the field. Burying them is going to be a tremendous task, the Army will be moving out shortly, so most if not all the dead will lie where they died. 
Moving among the dead and wounded Luke asks, “Nate have you seen anything of Father or Matthew? I know they both were wounded, but I’ve heard nothing of them.” Without looking at Luke Nate shakes his head, he realizes the odds of a wounded man surviving bullets from a musket or cannonball shrapnel are slim. Even if they didn’t die immediately, without immediate medical aid the chance of survival is small.
As the wagon continues to move slowly among the mangled remains of man’s savagery, he passes a large group of dead Rebel soldiers. Nate has an idea. “Luke you git out there ands you lay down next to one of thems ‘somebody’s dead darlin’s’. Pretend to be dead too,” Nate explains: as General Meade’s Federal troops withdraw from the field of battle, Nate will stop by the pile of killed men, and Luke can then jump into the back of his wagon. Nate will get a Yankee blue jacket to match Luke’s blue breeches he was already wearing. Then Luke can ride up front on the wagon seat thus allowing him to blend in with the rest of the blue-bellied Yanks.
Later, as Nate expects, the order is given for the Army of the Potomac to withdraw. The supply train is ordered to load as many wounded men as they can hold and follow the thousands of Yankee soldiers as the Army pursues General Lee and his Confederates. Nate stops his wagon next to a group of dead Confederates and wounded Federals. He hoists a couple of the severely wounded Yanks into his wagon. At the same time, Luke, now wearing a blue Yankee jacket, a pair of yellow suspenders and a yellow bandana tied around his neck, slips into the wagon also.
Luke, now appearing to be a common Federal cavalry soldier, continues helping Nate load wounded men in the rear of their wagon. Once loaded they line up in the wagon train with hundreds of other identical looking white, canvas covered, Conestoga-style wagons. This line of wagons extends fifteen miles along the winding, dirt roads that lead away from Gettysburg. It takes most of the day getting the escorts ready, packing the supplies, loading and trying to identify the wounded. The trip causes extreme hardship to the critically injured men lying on the hard wagon beds. The roads are rough and slick with mud from the torrential rains that began soon after the long three days of fighting.
It is a known fact the nitrates and sulfur from the tremendous amount of smoke generated by the cannons and muskets, rise in to the air, condense on the minute particle of dust and moisture causing the torrential rains. This rain phenomenon occurs at practically every major battles of the Civil War – Gettysburg is no exception.
 Adding to the misery is the absence of suspension springs on the ambulance wagons. Each mud hole the wheels strike brings excruciating pain and additional suffering to the wounded. General Meade’s headquarters has ordered the wagon train to Frederick, Maryland as soon as possible – they have orders not to stop. This terrible pace ensures the war-weary wagons are apt to break down. Those wagons that become disabled are abandoned beside the road, as are the critically injured. The Army of the Potomac does not have enough surgeons to help all the injured; therefore, the thought is local citizens might offer the wounded more help than the Army can provide.
A condition that persisted during the War: the departure of men and regiments whose enlistments have expired are currently plaguing Meade’s army. The termination of enlistments takes effect even in the midst of an active campaign. The departure of the Army from Gettysburg is no different. Approximately six thousand of General Meade’s men have enlistments, which have expired. Once they reached Frederick they are entitled to be discharged and go home, and they intend to do just that. Home is to live the battlefield is to die.
While loading the wounded into their wagon, one critically injured Yankee, not realizing Luke is a Confederate, whispers to Luke about his discharge paper. He tells Luke his release papers are inside his breast pocket. Use them he says to Luke. He knows his injury is fatal and tells Luke he has seen his beautiful wife and children for the last time. Luke feels sorry for the dying man, but crams the blood soaked paper into his pocket without looking at the soldier’s name or unit.
The Yankee wagon train reaches Frederick, Maryland without incident. The muleskinners lineup the wagons, and the injured and dead soldiers are unloaded. As the mules are unhitched Nate pulls Luke aside.
“Master Luke...”
“Please, Nate, just Luke, you are a free man.”
“Yes Master Luke, I means Luke...take that discharge paper you gets from that there dead man down yonder to that musterin’ out officer and git yerself outta here and git on home to Alabam’. Say howdy to my Pa, Ma, and brother Jefferson when you sees ’em. Tells ’em I’s fine, I jest don’t like workin’ for these blue-bellies, but tell ’em I ain’t got no choice.”
Standing in a long line outside the Federal Discharge tent Luke tries to appear inconspicuous. His clothes are Yankee blue, but his heart is Rebel gray. He tries not to talk with any of the other soldiers standing in line awaiting their discharge. This isn’t too hard since the other Yankee soldiers are not interested in talking. They, like Luke, are only interested in getting out of this man’s Army and returning to their families.
“Next!” Announced Captain Armstrong. The Yankee captain issuing the command sits at a table in the middle of the tent but does not bother to look up.
Stepping to the camp table Luke hands the Yankee Captain the dead man’s discharge certificate. Captain Armstrong takes the paper from Luke using his thumb and index finger only, “Did you have to bleed all over it?”
“Sorry Sir,” Luke answers, trying hard to mask his Southern accent, “but it’s not my blood, one of those gray-backs didn’t die quick enough.”
“Says here you’re in the Iron Brigade, what unit?”
The question catches Luke by surprise. He has no idea what unit is written on the discharge paper, and for sure he has never heard of the Iron Brigade.
The Iron Brigade received its name during the Battle of Turner’s Gap. Major General McClellan asked, “What troops are those beating back the Rebs?” The answer, “General Gibbon’s Brigade of Western men.” McClellan impressed states, “They must be made of iron!” Other stories tell of it origin, but the men immediately adopted the name – the Iron Brigade.
“Been in a couple of hard battles since signing up, couple of fights our units got cut up pretty bad and I’ve been switched from unit to unit a lot. It has been a while since I signed my enlistment paper.”
Captain Armstrong looked at the paper carefully. “Also says here you enlisted in the Company C, 3rd Illinois, that about right?”
Sounds pretty good to Luke, so he nods his head, “Yeah that’s right.”
“Your name is Private Judson H. Bouchard? Well, Private Bouchard,” thrusting a sign-out sheet toward Luke, “Sign right here, and you will not be in the Federal Army any longer.”
Taking pen in hand Luke dips the tip into the inkwell and signs, ‘Private Judson H. Boochard.’
Turning to the Corporal standing guard at the tent’s entrance the Captain orders, “Arrest this man Corporal he’s a spy!” 
“No! No you’re wrong!” Luke protests.
“You made a couple of mistakes Reb, only the 2nd, 6th and 7th Wisconsin, the 19th Indiana and the 4th Michigan make up the Iron Brigade. The 3rd Illinois isn’t one of them you ignorant gray-back. Another thing, ‘Bouchard’ is not spelled Boochard’.” 
“Pardon me Captain, I may not know how to spell the name Bouchard, but I assure you I am far from ignorant. I was a member of Phi Beta Kappa from the College of William and Mary Class of 1854.”
“I see,” said the Captain taking out his gold pocket watch as if to check the time. Luke couldn’t help but notice his watch fob. The fob was a golden key engraved with the image of a pointing finger, three stars, and the Greek letters from which the society takes its name – Phi Beta Kappa. He could read ‘Harvard-1856’ engraved on the bottom edge.
Reaching across the table, Captain Armstrong extends his right hand Luke does likewise. Each shake the other’s hand with the thumbs extended skyward – the secret handshake of the Phi Beta Kappa society. “Reb, you know I should take you out,, tie you to the nearest tree and have you shot as a spy”, the captain said; however, knowing Luke was a brother Phi Beta Kappa, he added, “But, I’m sure you are only wearing our blue uniform because the South’s Army doesn’t have sufficient clothing to keep every Confederate equipped. Isn’t that right Reb?” Before Luke could answer, “Corporal, take him to the prisoner’s yard, remove our uniform, supply him with some rebel clothing and confine him. Get a doctor to check out those cuts on his face too, we’ve got an ambulance train of wagons going south pretty soon, make sure my Secesh friend here is on it!”
Luke’s arm is grabbed by the Yankee corporal, but before he can leave the tent, Captain Armstrong said, “I didn’t lie; you are no longer in the Federal Army! You’re now going to be a prisoner of the Federal Army!” Standing and walking close the Captain whispers into Luke’s ear, “But my Rebel Kappa Brother, you were not shot as a spy as you should have been, and you are, at least still alive!”

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Moving South 
 
A Yankee soldier walks up and down the rows of hospital bunks jabbing the Confederates lying on the beds with the end of his musket. “Git outta them sacks, you Rebs are gittin’ moved!” 
Sergeant Scarburg and Private Dunway need further encouragement - they are still lying on their bunks. They have been in the Army long enough to know the old soldier’s refrain, ‘always wait until the last minute before doing anything.’ A daily routine of the army is a constant hurry up and wait endeavor. They do not think this move order is to be any different. Robert’s stab wound is healing nicely, but any quick exertion causes him excruciating pain, so he has to move slowly. His memory has not returned completely, but he can remember most facts. 
“Robert, whar do you thank they is gonna send us?”
“ I don’t know Ben, but ever since we arrived I’ve been giving it some thought, and I remember a few things. I reckon we will go to Elmira, New York or maybe to the Old Capitol Prison in Washington. Both of them are pretty close.”
 Ben starts to reply, but soldiers begin pushing the rebel prisoners out of their tent into dozens and dozens of Union wagons. Every wagon covered with a white canvas, with the big, black, letters U.S. painted on the side. 
Ben stays close to Robert as they crawl into the wagon. They sit on the floor; no sideboard seats are in these transports. The roads they travel have not improved since Robert last rode in one on his way to the hospital; in fact, he believes they have gotten worse. The men in the wagons are being bounced from side to side. Those with partially healed wounds begin to ooze blood, and it begins trickling out of their bandages collecting on the floor, or dripping through the planking to the road below. Cries of pain and anguish go unanswered. The drivers will not acknowledge their passenger’s plight. 
All day they travel toward an unknown destination. At one point, Sergeant Scarburg looks out the rear of the wagon. 
“Ben we are going south, we must be bound for Old Capitol Prison. If we don’t get there soon, I believe I am going to bleed to death.”
 Over the loud sound of the wagon wheels sloshing through the mud, and the shouts of the driver’s barking orders to the mules, Robert and Ben talk about the prison to which they seem to be bound. Robert explains the prison near Washington isn’t going to be too bad. He has heard all the prisoners live in buildings. The food is adequate, and the inmates are supplied with decent clothing and are allowed to send and receive mail regularly. All in all, Sergeant Scarburg thinks Ben and he at last is about to receive a little bit of good luck. He tells Ben they can sit the War out there in relative comfort. If luck smiles on them, it is possible they can, possibly, get exchanged for Yankee prisoners. Robert continues to explain how one rebel private is, usually, exchanged for one Yankee, and a rebel sergeant is worth two Yankee prisoners. 
“So you and me are worth three Yankee prisoners. Is that right Robert?” 
“Yes it is Ben.”
“Then them Yankee blue-bellies has got it ‘bout right!” Ben said smiling.
Robert thinks their odds are pretty good they will get exchanged. Not much, during the past few weeks, has offered them much hope, but now their spirits are being raised, if only he could remember his family.
Robert estimates it is about a three-day trip to the nearest town, Frederick, Maryland, he is right. Around midnight of day three, the train of wagons rolls into the outskirts of this small Maryland burg. The prisoners are allowed to get out of the wagons and get a bowl of hot potato skin soup from a Union mess tent. In the meantime, the drivers replace the mules with a fresh team.
Once the new teams of mules are hitched, the drivers yell, “Load up!” and the men swallow their soup and scamper to get back into the wagons. Those that are slow receive the business end of the bullwhip used on the mule teams. These slow movers quickly decide to speed up their movement. Robert has hoped their stop in Frederick would allow him to see a doctor and get his wounds dressed. Not only did he not receive any medical attention to his chest and scalp wounds now he has a couple of bleeding stripes across his back and shoulders from the Yankee bullwhip..
Returning to the wagons, they begin to move southeast toward Washington, D.C. Robert is depressed and in pain. ‘Why,’ he thought, ‘can’t I remember everything? Luke and Matthew, I know they are someone important to me, but who exactly are they?’
He guesses their destination is about fifty miles away, but in these slow mule pulled wagons, the prison, and a doctor is still eight to ten days down the road. 
Had Robert only realized, his spirits would have been lifted tremendously if he had known at the back of the wagon train almost at the end rides his son Luke. Injured but alive; however, Luke is but a name, unassociated with anything in his memory. Nevertheless, Robert and Luke seem to be heading to the same destination. 
Five days later the wagon train pulls into a large tent city just a couple of blocks from the White House. This city of tents has twelve rows of ten tents each. The large tents hold twelve men; approximately twelve hundred to fifteen hundred prisoners can be accommodated at this one encampment. The men are taken from the wagons and assigned a tent. Ben and Robert are once again bunkmates. They are assigned the first tent in row two. At last, a couple of medical attendants are sent by the Yanks to clean and dress the wounds of the Rebels. Fortunately Robert’s, despite the harrowing wagon trip, wounds have not become infected and are beginning to heal, somewhat.
“How long yer figure, Robert, ‘till them Yanks move us to our final home place?”
“I don’t know Ben,” Robert responds sitting down on the bunk, “but from the looks of this set-up I’m reasoning this may be our home for awhile.”
Before Ben can respond they hear a loud commotion occurring outside their tent. The orderlies and Union soldiers all seem to be hurrying toward the excitement.
Robert motions to the man lying in the bunk next to him “Hey what’s all the fuss next door?”
One of the men standing at the tent flap answers instead, “Seems like someone important is visitin’ that thar tent,” he says pointing at one of the tents. “Whos you reckon they went to see?”
Turning his back to the man talking Robert grunts and replies,
“Huh! Don’t know, and don’t care!”
“It’s the President; it’s President Lincoln. He’s come to visit us,” the fellow at the flap hollers.
 As Robert begins to respond the soldier snapped to ramrod straight attention and yells in a loud voice for all to hear, “A-TEN-SHUN!” Robert and Ben both turn and look at the entrance flap of their tent. There in the opening stands a tall, slender man, dressed in all black. The stovepipe hat he is removing catches their eye, the soldier is right - it is the President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln.
Although Ben and Robert are technically at war with this man, he after all was the President. Old loyalties are hard to die; both men stand and click their heels together, as the Union soldiers, ramrod straight at attention also.
President Lincoln enters the tent; speaks a word or two to the Confederate prisoners as he makes his way down the aisle toward Ben and Robert. A Federal colonel leads the Presidential party right up to Robert and stops. The colonel looks directly at Robert and asks, “Are you Sergeant Robert Scarburg?”
“Uh, uh, yes Sir.”
The colonel speaks as he steps aside allowing the President to advance, “The President of the United States Abraham Lincoln wishes to have a word with you Sergeant.”
President Lincoln extends his hand to Sergeant Scarburg. Robert is shocked. Rubbing his hand on his britches in an attempt to clean it, he shakes the President’s hand. “Sergeant I understand your family has a long history of military service. Proud, brave service to our United States. Your forefather fought in the Revolutionary War and the British gave another one of your ancestors a necktie party for his loyalty; your father fought in the War of 1812, and you bravely served in the Great Seminole Indian War, receiving a commendation for bravery. The Congress of the United States granted you public land as a token of America’s appreciation to you as an American veteran for your service to your country, is this correct?” 
Robert can hardly speak; he can hardly remember the people of whom the President speaks, he only mutters, “Yes Sir.”
“They told me up yonder at that White House there was a prisoner down here that was a Son of the South and a hero, and so was his family. I told them I must come meet this feller for myself.”
“Thank you, Mr. President, but I’m no hero of −,”
“Tell me Sergeant,” said the President cutting him off. “How many slaves do you own?” This statement struck a nerve. He, for some reason, remembers he has no slaves.
“None Mr. President. I do not believe a man has the right to own another person.”
“And yet, Sir, you fight for the right of slave owners to continue this dreadful institution of slavery!”
“No, Mr. President it is the South for whom I fight. I fight for my home state of Alabama. If it were in my power, I would free all the slaves today. I would issue an emancipation order proclaiming to all slave owners that on a particular date to be appointed their slaves would be then and forever free; however, I think the owners should be paid a fair price for what is now legally their property.”
“I see... you would free all the slaves? Hmmm...,” the President scratches his beard as though thinking. “And they tell me, Sergeant Scarburg, you were wounded at Gettysburg, how you getting along? How’s the treatment from our fellows?” Without waiting for an answer, “Speaking of Gettysburg, I am being prompted to go to Gettysburg and dedicate their military cemetery there when it’s ready. You were there, albeit,” rubbing the whiskers on his chin, “fighting against us,” said the President as he smiles and turns his head to his entourage. Addressing Robert, “You have any thoughts on what I should say in my dedication speech?”
“Well...well,” Robert’s brain is moving at breakneck speed. He knows he must say something intelligently to the President of the United States. “Well, Sir,” he began, “I saw a lot of good, brave men, many from your side and a lot more from ours, die at Gettysburg. I think if I were you I would say, as President you understand, ‘I’m not able to dedicate this cemetery; I’m not even able to consecrate this hallowed ground’. I’d probably say, ‘the brave men, those living and those dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above my power to add or detract.’ Then, I guess, I would say something about, ‘the world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here.’ I know, for a fact Mr. President I will never forget. Well, I suppose that’s about all I would say Sir.”
The President did not speak – one could have heard a pin drop. He stood in stunned silence. After a moment, the President looks at Robert, “Well said Sir, well said,” with a chuckle he continues, “I may need for you to go in my stead, Sergeant,” the President says as he begins turning to leave. Looking back at Robert, “and may I add Sir, when this War is over, and it will end someday, how about you pickin’ some occupation besides politicking. I don’t believe I could beat you from the podium or on the field of battle. Do you wrestle?” Robert knew Old Abe had been a wrestling champ in his youth. 
“No Sir, Mr. Lincoln, I believe you would win that one.”
His entourage breathes a sigh and breaks into laughter. “Sergeant, you are an interesting fellow,” again he scratches his whiskers and with a faraway look continues, “Yes, very interesting...uh, good luck to you. I must say it has been a real pleasure meeting you. A real pleasure.” With these final words, the President and the group following him turn and as swiftly as they arrived they hastily leave. 
The last man had barely gotten outside when Ben says to Robert, “What wuz that all about. I ain’t never...I ain’t never...the President of these United States wuz here, wuz right here next to me, talking to you...the President of the United States...I ain’t never...”

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Jamie Arrives 

The Reb soldier at the tent entrance walks to Luke’s bunk and sits down, “I hear’d a rumor on the way down here from one of them blue-bellies that we is bein’ sent to sommers called Point Lookout. You ever hear’d of that place?”
Luke turns over and sits up, “Point Lookout, you say? Yeah, I’ve heard of it. It’s in Maryland, I believe. From what I have picked up it’s not high on the list of prisoner camps to go to.”
“You think we might have a chance to skedaddle?”
“Nah, from what I can remember Point Lookout is on a peninsula on the south end of Maryland.”
“Pen...penne...”
“A peninsula, it’s just a name for land surrounded on three sides by water. Kind of an island, but not exactly, only one way in and only one way out. It’ll be hard for us to escape out of there I’m afraid.”
“Hey,” a voice from the tent opening yells, “anybody here know an ugly, Alabama hick named Luke Scarburg?” The soldier enters as Luke turns to confront the man who is calling him insulting names. 
Standing in the glare of the open flap it is hard for Luke to identify the big mouth, and then he recognizes the man, “Well I’ll be! If it isn’t Morefield!” He says leaping from his bunk grabbing Jamie Morefield and hugging him tightly.
“Whoa! Whoa, you’re squashin’ a wounded man,” Jamie says grabbing his left arm and laughing. “Just a mini-ball through my arm didn’t hit no bone or nothin’. They say I’ll be fine as frog hair pretty soon.” 
They sit down on Luke’s bunk and began reminiscing about the past year. Although, Luke is in Company E and Jamie is with Company C they have not had many occasions to see each other and visit. Jamie tells he heard that Luke was here in this tent, and he came looking for him. 
“Jamie when’s the last time we saw each other?” 
“I believe it was at Shiloh.”
After Luke agreed, he begins to fill Jamie in on his part in the Battle of Gettysburg. He explains how his father Robert was last seen lying hurt beside the boulder at Devil’s Den and how he had to leave Matthew badly wounded at the split-rail fence on Emmitsburg Road. He thrust his face into his hands, and tears formed in his eyes as he remembered them both, both badly hurt yet he was unable to help them. He tells how he asks everyone he comes into contact with about both of them, but no one has been able to say what finally happened to them after the battle.
“Luke, I caught a bit of news that might get your hopes up. I hear’d that your Pa was alive. Last I hear’d he was at one of them temporary hospitals out there in them woods south of Gettysburg. One of the boys in my wagon comin’ down here had been in there with him.”
“What else Jamie? Who is that soldier? I need to talk to him!”
“Nothing more Luke, that’s the only thang I know, but that’s good ain’t it? Yer Pa was alive, but I ain’t hear’d nothing about Matthew. As fer as talkin’ with my mate in the wagon he died afore we got here. There’s one other thang, but I don’t know if’n I should tell you. He said all the wounded in yer Pa’s tent had black armbands.” All soldiers in both armies learned about the red, white and black armbands after their first battle. “Sorry about that news Luke.” 
Luke sits back up straight, slaps Jamie on the back, “Black bands or not now I’ve got hope! At least I know he was alive when he reached the medical tent. Thank you, Jamie, thank you my friend.”
“Luke, what you been hearin’ ‘bout us stayin’ here for the rest of the war? You think that might be right? Some of the fellers in my tent thanks they’s wrong they say we’re goin’ to sommers caller Pint Lookout. They say they hear’d one of our Yankee guards say so. What say you Luke?”
“No, I don’t think we are staying here, but it’s ‘Point’ Lookout. I also hear it’s a nice place to visit, but you wouldn’t want to live there,” Luke says grinning.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Taxes 
 
“Mama!” Mattie Ann yells as she runs up the back steps into the house. “There’s dust down on the main road, looks like company is comin’ from town.”
Leaving the kitchen Malinda wipes her hands on her apron as she walks to the front porch to see for herself. Mattie Ann was right. She could see the dust floating above the treetops, but it worries her too. She fears it is someone coming from the Western Union office. Were they coming to tell her a telegram has arrived saying something terrible has happened to Robert or one of her sons? A fear of dread flows over her, she tries to push the thought from her mind, but it is too overwhelming...she remembers the hawk!
Watching the dust she thinks this might not be the telegraph man, after all, it might be that rascal Captain Louie Labeau. He did say he would come back in a week to collect on that bale of cotton. 
It had been a lot longer that a week, in fact; it has been more than a month since he was last at Malinda’s farm seeking food and rations for the Confederacy. Surely, she thought he had forgotten about her by now, but she still has three sons William, Isaac, and Stephen that he could impress into Confederate service. She could deal with Labeau but please, not the man from the telegraph office!
William and Isaac are out on the back forty clearing a new ground for next year’s planting season. They are so far away Labeau cannot see them, and if he does try to ride out their way, her boys will hear him long before he arrives. They can hide before he can get to them. Stephen Ingram was a target though. He is shoeing his horse Blaze in the hallway of the barn. The whole family loved Blaze, a mixture of a racing thoroughbred and a Tennessee walking horse. A large white blaze down the front of her head accented her dark chestnut color. The beauty of her long, graceful neck was enhanced with a jet-black mane, which matched her silky, flowing tail. Her appearance was complete with three of her feet displaying white socks. Blaze was just a beautiful horse the Scarburgs adored.
“Stephen! Stephen Ingram!” she yells.
“Yeah, Ma,” Stephen answers stepping from the barn into the light, “what you want?”   
 “Get the horse and go hide behind the house to one of those caves on the bluff above Hog Creek. Labeau might be coming! If he sees you, he will take both you and Blaze away.”
Stephen slips a bridle on Blaze, grabs a handful of black mane and swings up onto his horse’s back. A quick barefoot nudge and the horse and rider skirt around the house and head toward the bluff a few hundred feet from the main house. Stephen stays low to Blaze’s neck to ensure being unseen by Labeau if he is, indeed, one of the approaching riders.
As Stephen escapes, the horsemen turn from the main road and pass through the gate leading to the main house. It is Labeau. Malinda is nervous but somewhat relieved. It isn’t the man from the Western Union’s telegraph office!
About ten men lope up to the house followed by a cloud of choking dust. Dusting off her face with the tail of her apron, she looks at Labeau, “What do you want? I told you to stay off my place before! You hard of hearing?”
Leaning over on his impressive, silver saddle, he spits tobacco juice at Malinda’s feet, “Yer done forgettin’ yer place Missy! Like I done told you afore, I’m head of the Home Guard.”
“And, like you found out before, I don’t care! I don’t have any provisions to give you.”
“For shore, you got it all wrong. I ain’t looking for supplies this trip I have me two other missions though. First, I got something to show you and second, I’s come after them boys of yer’n.”
He reaches into his jacket pocket and withdraws a piece of folded paper. He hands it to Malinda.
Unfolding the paper, Malinda asks, “What is this?”
“Taxes! You’re behind on yer land taxes!”
“Taxes? You people know I don’t have any money! My husband is in the Army, along with my two oldest sons, and they haven’t been paid any money since they left home over a year ago. Even if I had gotten money due my men folks it would be in that worthless Confederate money.” Looking at the paper, “It says here I owe twenty-five dollars, U.S. I don’t have twenty-five cents much less twenty-five dollars in greenbacks.”
“For shore, I would tell you to use some of that money you was goin’ to get from sellin’ that bale of cotton, but do you think I’s stupid? I didn’t think you ever had no cotton to sell. But, this is something I do know, I am goin’ to take this here farm away from you if you don’t come up with that taxman’s money.” Leaning over in his saddle again he speaks softly, “Of course now, there’s other arrangements me and you could make that might jest let you keep on livin’ on this place. You git what I mean?” Labeau said with a wink and a sly, knowing grin.
“Yeah, I get it, but I’d just soon lose this place!”
 “I just hardly don’t understand uppity people like you, if you won’t take my invite, why you don’t sell one of them blackies to raise that money?”
“Free! I have already told you, free! Sary, Jed, and Jefferson are all free. I have no right to sell them!”
Returning his attention to Malinda, “I’m gonna ask you one last time: Where’s yer boys?”
“The boys aren’t here; they have gone to South Carolina to stay with their uncle. He has a mill and the boys can get work there.”
Looking at his men he grins wide enough to see the gold tooth in front of his mouth, pulls aa plug of tobacco from his pocket and bites off a chew. “What she said?” Looking back at his men again and grins, “You know Missy, I want to believe you, but hit’s just not in my nature. I knows you is lyin’.” He orders his men to search the place for Malinda’s sons.
Uncle Jed and Jefferson had been in the barn helping Stephen shoe Blaze when the riders approach. They remain hidden in the barn and watch through the cracks between the wood siding. Uncle Jed knows the first place they will search is the barn; he tells Jefferson to get under the pile of hay and remain still and stay put regardless of what happens. Before the riders can reach the barn Uncle Jed steps out and walks toward the group of horsemen.
“Well now, he ain’t one of them boys, he be too old and way too dark, but I wager he knows where them boys is. Come here you old fool. Where are this here woman’s boys? The ‘federacy needs good men.”
Jed does not answer. He stops dead in his tracks, removes his hat, and stares at the ground. “What’s wrong there Blackie, cat got yer tongue?” Uncle Jed remains silent.
Labeau removes his Colt revolver, points the muzzle at Jed and demands, “I’m gonna ask you jest one time, where is them boys?” Not waiting for an answer he fired a shot nearly hitting Uncle Jed’s foot. Jed jumps on the other foot; Labeau laughs and fires again and again causing Uncle Jed to dance from one foot to the other. Six shots and the dance come to an end Labeau’s Colt is empty. Labeau pulls his second Colt and is about to resume his ‘fun’ when −
The screen door opens and out steps Jed’s wife Sary with a double-barreled shotgun. “Now that’s ‘nuff, I’m fixin’ to blow you from that fancy saddle of your’n you Cajun scoundrel.”
“For shore there Mammy, you lift that gun, and you be good as dead. Drop that scattergun on the porch.” Pointing at Jed, “I guess this here white-haired slave is yer husband, right?” Uncle Jed stands quietly offering no answer.
“He ain’t no slave! We’s free. He be my husband all right, but hes is free.” Sary responds placing the shotgun down.
“Fore true? A free black woman and a free black slave, huh? What’s this here world comin’ to? No matter, I still wants them white boys? Where’s they at Mammy?”
Sary will not respond; she stares at the man with hatred only a past slave can have. She shakes her head from side to side.
“So you two blackies think more of her boys than yer lives, that ‘bout right?” Turning, he barks an order to one of his men, “Throw yer rope over that big tree limb over yonder, then git down off yer saddle. Put this black, deaf mute on yer hoss and lead him over to that tree.”
Meantime, some of Labeau’s men who were searching the place walk along the edge of the cliff overlooking Hog Creek, but they cannot see the cave hidden underneath the overhang. Stephen and Blaze can hear them talking. In fact, Stephen is so near he can hear the gunfire from the house. He is worried about the safety of his mother, but he cannot leave his hiding place. When the men are directly overhead, Stephen takes his thumb and index finger and inserts them into Blaze’s nostrils and pinches the skin together. He does not want the horse to whinny and give away the location of his cave. Whispering into Blaze’s ear as he rubs her neck, “Shhh, shhh, easy girl, easy,” it works; Blaze remains silent and motionless. In a moment or two the searchers move on without discovering Stephen and Blaze’s secret hideaway.
Back at the barn, Uncle Jed has been thrown upon the horse and is being led to a large tree with a hangman’s noose swinging from a lower limb.  
“What you think Boy, yer tongue gettin’ any looser? Where’s this woman’s two strapping examples of Southern manhood? I’s tellin’ you Boy, this be yer last chance.”
Before Uncle Jed can answer, even if he has the desire, Jefferson runs from the barn brandishing a sharp pitchfork. “Let my Pappy go, or I’s goin’ to fill you full of holes!” He said making a threatening move with the pitchfork toward the man leading the horse. Without warning, Labeau raises his pistol and fires. Jefferson crumples face down to the ground his body motionless. He is dead. 
Uncle Jed quickly slides off the horse’s back and runs to his boy. Before he can kneel down to check on Jefferson’s condition Labeau fires again. The .44 caliber bullet finds its mark, and Jed tumbles to the ground with a thump, falling dead on the dirt beside his son.
Sary stunned by seeing her husband and son being shot dead in front of her very eyes falls to the floor of the porch, grabs the shotgun and wheels the barrel around to fire. She does not get the chance; Labeau is faster and fires his Colt for the third time. The impact of the large caliber bullet carries Sary back against the screen door where she collapses in a heap on the porch floor. A red stream of blood flows across the porch and drips from the wooden planking onto the steps. 
“I guess yer house woman must’ve been tellin’ the truth or them slaves of yer’n would’ve fessed up,” said Labeau. 
With a stern look of determination, Malinda glares at Labeau, “As God is my witness I swear retribution to you Labeau. You won’t always be the man! If I cannot do it, someday someone I know will do it, your day is coming, and you’ll get yours!”
He looks at Sary and then to Malinda, laughing, “Un huh, talk big, we’ll see... we’ll see. You got to get money from somewhere or this place is goin’ on the auction block, and I’m gonna be the onliest bidder, ya hear?” He pulls on the horse’s bridle and says as he turns to leave, “Don’t get too comfortable I’m gonna be back! And don’t ferget Missy, yore is a fine lookin’ woman and my invitation to you still stands.”

“SCATTERGUN”

As Labeau and his men gallop out the front gate, Malinda immediately runs to aid Sary. Kneeling down she can see her friend is still alive. The bullet from Labeau’s gun entered the shoulder just below the right collarbone. Using her apron to thwart the flow of blood she can see the bullet passed directly through Sary’s body. A lot of the blood running across the porch is coming from the entrance wound, but just as much, if not more, is pouring out the exit hole on her back.
Malinda knows if the flow of blood isn’t abated, and very soon, Sary isn’t long for this life. Running back into the house, she grabs a clean sheet and begins tearing it in strips before arriving back on the porch. Malinda applies compress bandages to both the front and back bullet holes and then runs to Jed and Jefferson, who lie in the yard.
Jed has a .44 caliber hole that entered above his heart and tore a jagged hole under his left shoulder blade as it exited. Jefferson’s wound is squarely in the center of his chest. 
Using the cloth strips from the bed sheet, she applies a pressure dressing to their wounds, but she knows it is futile.
 “Mama! Mama, what’s happened, I heard shots,” said Stephen riding up on Blaze.
“Jed, Sary, and Jefferson were all shot by that scoundrel Labeau. Stephen take Blaze and ride to Doc Crawford’s house and fetch him here – I need real medical help, and I need it now!”
Running into the yard William and Isaac ask, “What’s going on! What can we do Mama?” Malinda tells them to get more sheets from the house.
As Stephen rides out of sight Malinda looks at her bleeding friend – Sary needs immediate attention. Malinda examines the entrance and exit hole, the blood flow has not abated, she knows it must be stopped. The last few pints of Sary’s life are flowing across the wooden planks of the front porch. She also knows Sary cannot wait for the doctor something must be done immediately.
“Boys!” she yells, “get back out here.” Both sons run from the house back to the porch. “We’ve got to stop Sary’s bleeding, or she is going to die.” Speaking to Isaac, “Hurry into the sitting room and remove the iron curtain rod from the front window. Take it to the kitchen and stick one end in the hot coals in the stove – get it white hot – we have to cauterize these two bullet holes.” William picks Sary up and carries her inside. “I hope she stays unconscious, this is going to hurt. Please make her as comfortable as possible, I have sent Stephen for the doctor.”
Placing Sary on the sofa in the sitting room Malinda turns to William, “Run out to the barn and get Uncle Jed’s jug he keeps hidden in the tack room. That old cuss thought I never knew about his white lightning. Come on don’t waste time, go get it!”
 Isaac and William return about the same time. Malinda takes the whiskey jug, removes the corncob plug, and pours the alcohol over both the entry and exit holes. “Hand me that hot curtain rod.” Taking the rod, she sticks it into the shoulder wound. Even unconscious Sary winces. Before she has time to open her eyes, Malinda jabs the searing, hot iron into the exit wound in her back. Isaac turns his head; he hears the flesh sizzling and smells the burning skin. Both the sound and smell are sickening. He thinks he is going to lose his breakfast, but he manages to get outside for a quick breath of fresh air before doing so. 
Isaac, his face white as a sheet, anxiously asks from the door, “How’s she doin’ Mama? Is she gonna die?”
“Boys, I’m not going to lie to you, she’s in a bad way. I don’t know if she will live or not, I’ve sent for the doctor, but Sary’s life is in God’s hands now. The Doc may not get here in time. You all get back outside, put Uncle Jed and Jefferson in the barn, take a couple of sheets and cover them up – they weren’t as fortunate; they are both dead.”
A while later, the screen door flies open, Mattie Ann announces loudly, “Mama! Riders are coming up from the main road.”
‘Oh no,’ Malinda thinks, ‘I can’t handle more of Labeau right now.’ “Matthew get me that scattergun lying on the front porch, I’m going to put a stop to this right now. Mattie Ann take Margaret into the back room and no matter what happens you stay in there.”
Shotgun in hand Malinda moves to the front porch with all the intentions of killing Labeau as he rides up into the yard. The sun is beginning to set. In the twilight, she could not quite make out the riders. Within a moment or so she can see it is one lone horseman followed closely by a buggy. It is Stephen and Doctor Crawford. Doctor Crawford is a vet, but he serves the community as both an animal and the people’s doctor too, there is no one else.
Relieved, but exhausted Malinda sits down in one of the porch chairs and lets out an audible sigh of relief. In a while Doc Crawford comes out on the porch, “Mrs. Scarburg, you did a good job. If you had not thought to cauterize Sary’s bullet holes, I believe she would have bled to death before I arrived. As far as Uncle Jed and Jefferson, there is nothing I can do for them. I changed Sary’s bandages and left you some ointment to be applied later – I believe she might pull through. Grinning, “They told me about the white lightening, it really did the trick for Sary, it must have been two hundred proof! Fast thinking on your part, now just let her rest. Oh, before I go, what do you hear from Robert and the boys?”
“Not much Doc, the last I heard from any of them was right before that big battle up in Pennsylvania, but I haven’t heard a word since then. I had to get word from one of the neighbors, Mrs. Cleland, who said Robert and Luke were somewhere in Virginia, I think, with General Lee’s Army of Northern Virginia. It worries me that I have never received a post from them.”
“Don’t fret Mrs. Scarburg, General Lee is a fine commander. He hasn’t lost a battle yet. Where is Matthew?”
“Mrs. Cleland’s husband is in Robert’s unit and she said her husband had told her Matt was assigned to Stonewall Jackson’s Brigade. I believe he was an aid or dispatch rider to him. After Stonewall was killed I don’t know what has happened to him.”
“When you write to them give them my regards. Oh, by the way, maybe some good news for you, I did hear that Stonewall’s old Brigade was not at Gettysburg.” Fortunately for Malinda Doctor Crawford was not aware that the Stonewall Brigade had been re-assigned to General Johnson’s division and his boys lost heavily in the fighting at Gettysburg. “Again, keep the wounds clean, and put a little dab of that ointment on those bandages when they are changed.” Stepping to the front porch steps Doc turns to Malinda,  “Call me if she gets worse.”
“Thank you for coming Doctor Crawford. I’m sorry, but you know I have nothing but worthless Confederate money to pay you with.”
“I know, I know, my dear, if I’d gotten in this doctoring business to get rich I’d of quit years ago. I believe,” patting his coat pocket, “the rest of Uncle Jed’s ‘snakebite’ medicine you gave me will do just fine. This terrible War surely cannot last much longer. Maybe then we can all get back on our feet.” Leaving the porch, Doc slaps Blaze’s flank admiringly as he rounds her to get to his buggy. “Stephen you still won’t sell Blaze will you? I’d give her a good home.” 
“Nah, thanks Doc, but I think I’ll keep her for a spell longer. She is part of the family.”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Move Out 
 
It is still dark, a couple hours before the sun shows its morning light on the eastern horizon as Luke and his tent mates are hustled outside and told to fall into line. It is early August; however, this particular early morning around Washington the weather is foggy, cool and damp after the heavy rains of the previous days.
Luke and his father, both unaware of the other, are standing in the long line of soldiers boarding the wagons to continue their journey. The moon is full, but the recent rain clouds and fog obscure most of its light. Now and then breaks in the clouds allow enough illumination to see around. Luke stands in line about twenty-five feet to Robert’s right. As the clouds part Luke quickly glances to his right to see if he knew anyone. Not recognizing any of the soldiers Luke turns to his left. At that very moment, the clouds roll back over the moon again casting dark shadows all around the area. His father and the long line of soldiers are mere black, lifeless shapes. Faces unrecognizable in the dark. Luke thinks, ‘Dadgum! I thought I’d see someone from my old Company who might know what happened to Father and Matthew.’   
Robert climbs into the back of the wagon. He frowns and looks at the campfires off in the distance. ‘Stay here? Right! Until these blue-bellies decide we need to be somewhere else, and I’ll wager it’s not going to be Old Capitol Prison.’ As Luke continues to climb into his wagon, Robert stands at the tailgate watching his son get into his wagon. He thinks to himself, ‘It seems I know that man... but from where?’
“Robert? Are you all right?”
“Yeah, I suppose, thought I saw someone I knew, but my memory’s not back enough to know from where. How you doing?”
Climbing in Ben answers, “Yeah, I reckon I’m okay too. Robert, where yer thank we’re headin’ this time?”
 “Don’t know Ben, but we’ll know more when it gets daylight, and we see which way the sun comes up.”
Day is arriving, the sky is overcast, but they can see the sky getting lighter in the east just before sunup. The wagons continue sloshing and miring their way through the mud. The poor, ole tired mules pull with all their might. The mud holes have not gotten any smoother, and the road is just as rough or rougher as was the trip from Gettysburg. All day the wheels of the wagons roll, and by Roberts’s reckoning they are heading southeast. He still does not know their destination.
Six wagons behind Luke is doing the best he possibly can for his friend Jamie. After Jamie’s initial visit to Luke, he somehow, got himself transferred to Luke’s tent. Earlier this cool, damp morning they are standing side by side as the orders are given to board the wagons. The dozens and dozens of wagons and hundreds of animals have turned the ground to a muddy quagmire at least six inches deep. Luke slops through the mud and mounts the rear of their transport wagon, but Jamie loses his footing and falls in to the mud as he is trying to board. One of the Yankee guard curses at him, then takes the butt of his musket and smashes it in to Jamie’s face. He is knocked unconscious. Luke and another soldier jump out and lift Jamie into the wagon. Jamie now lies on the wooden floor moaning and groaning as the blood runs from a nasty cut on his head, and drips thru a crack to the muddy road below.
Evening is nearing – they have been on the road all day – none of the prisoners have eaten a bite of food nor taken a sip of water. Fortunately, Jamie has remained unconscious all day and did not have to endure the hunger and thirst on the miserable ride southeast. Point Lookout! Luke knows Point Lookout is the only destination southeast of Washington. Good that Jamie is not awake to hear that depressing bit of news!
The wagon train stops for the night in the vicinity of a local tavern. Drinking water is not available, and the Yankees have given them neither food nor water. Once the men are allowed out of the wagons most fall on their hands and knees and drink water from the wagon ruts and mud holes. It is dank and dirty, but wet and satisfying to the thirst. Luke cleans Jamie’s wound the best he can manage under the circumstances. Luke knows the cut should have six or eight stitches to control the bleeding and, God willing, to heal properly.
Luke can see the lights of the tavern and overhearing the talk of a Yankee guard finds out it is called Surratt’s Tavern. If he only could get inside, maybe, someone would give him the necessary medical supplies to help Jamie, or maybe he could break-in after everyone was asleep and steal what he needed. His dear old mother had always taught him not to steal, but Luke thinks this is a unique situation, and his mother had never envisioned his current plight. Maybe just this once, Mother and perhaps God would understand. 

THE STRANGER

It is well past midnight; Luke has gone over at least a dozen plans to slip from his wagon. He somehow must make his way across the field of mud to Surratt’s Tavern; however, each of his plans has its drawbacks, and Luke knows if he is captured or worse – shot, Jamie will have no one to care for him. And without Luke his good friend will, in all likelihood, die. Whatever he does he has to get back to the wagon before daybreak.
Suddenly, there is a slight tapping on the side of the wagon. Very faint at first, there it is again, this time a little louder. Luke moves to the side of the wagon and slowly lifts the canvas cover ever so slightly, expecting a rifle butt to his face. Standing between the wagon and a dim light coming from the tavern is the dark outline of a man. Luke can see enough from the light of the moon to tell the man is tall, wearing a black, rain slicker and a black, broad-brimmed hat. He is no soldier! 
“Sesech!” Whispers the specter of a man. “I hear you have not had either food or water, I brought you a small passel of sustenance to eat and drink.” He approaches the wagon, raises the canvas further, and passes two half-gallon syrup buckets through the opening to Luke. One contains water the other food.
“Who are you Sir?” Luke whispers trying not to arouse the guards.
“My name is unimportant – just say I am a friend of the Southern Cause, stuck in this Godforsaken land of the ungodly Yankee enemy.”
“Sir, we are mighty grateful for the kindness you have shown, but if you are truly a Southerner at heart might I ask a favor?”
“Certainly, my brother at heart.”
Luke tells the visitor about his friend’s wound. Luke explains how badly Jamie is hurt. He asks if it might be possible for him to obtain the necessary medical supplies so he can dress and bandage Jamie’s head.
The man offers no reply; he turns and walks back toward the tavern. Halfway back he is approached by one of the Yankee guards.
“Halt, who goes there?”
There is a muted reply. Luke cannot hear what the man in black says to the guard.
“Advance and be recognized,” the guard says loudly. The stranger approaches and the two men talk for a brief moment or two and then the stranger and the guard walk back to the tavern.
 Luke could not quite see all that was happening. He saw enough to know the helpful stranger has been caught. Was he telling the guard Luke was trying to seek assistance? If so, then Luke is in for a beating or...or... worse, he can do nothing but wait for the guard to pull him from the wagon.
 A while later he hears a tap...tap...tap on the canvas. Luke peers out; there stands the mysterious man again.
“I hope this helps,” the man said, handing Luke a few medical items and a ‘housewife.’ “Godspeed, my friends. No one should be treated like you gallant soldiers of the South. Animals! They treat you as animals – it’s that Devil Abraham Lincoln’s fault. Someone ought to do something about him – yes, that’s what I say, do something about him. Goodnight gentlemen,” and he disappears in to the night.
Luke opens the ‘housewife’ removes a needle and thread and begins stitching Jamie’s cut back together. The stranger has also supplied a bandage and some medicinal ointment, which Luke uses generously.
By early morning, the guards begin to awake. The muleskinners hitch the teams to the wagons. Luke has finished stitching and bandaging Jamie’s wounds. He is partially awake, and Luke kneels beside him letting him take a sip or two of the cool spring water. Luke believes he will get better now. As Luke is putting the top back on the water can, he hears two guards outside his wagon talking.
The first one says to the other, “You don’t say?”
The second answers, “I ain’t lying that’s the honest truth...if I ain’t standing here. It was him I tell you...he was here last night in the tavern... he was wearing that black slicker.”
“Well, I’ll be!” said the first soldier. “Never thought I’d see him in the flesh...well I’ll be...!”

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN 
Escape

 It has been three days since the wagon train left Surratt’s Tavern. Jamie finally arouses, woozy, but alert asks, “What happened Luke?” Feeling with his hand, “Who put the needle and thread to my head? All I remember is that Yankee striking me with the butt of his musket last night.”
Luke smiles, “Last night you say? That was days ago Jamie. I am the one who sewed you up after a stranger provided me with the medical supplies. He also gave us food and water.”
“Who was he Luke? I’m starvin’, how ‘bout some of his water and food.”
“I never found out for certain Jamie, but he doesn’t like President Lincoln, I can tell you that. I overheard one of the guards call him by name, but right now I cannot for the life of me remember what name they called him.” 
Luke, holding his right index finger in the air, rubs his chin with the other hand. He is absorbed in deep thought. “Give me a second and let me think, “B,” yeah that’s sounds right, his name started with a “B.” I’m pretty sure it was a letter like that, Bolding, Boles, Bonner, no Booth! That’s it! His name was Booth...John Wilkes Booth. Those Yankees must have known him though, but I have never heard of him. Have you Jamie?”
Jamie shakes his head, “Nah, but that don’t mean nothin’, he must’a not been too important or we’d have hear’d about him. I’d say he was a kind man with a gentle heart tho’. He probably wouldn’t even swat a fly.”
“Yeah, he did seem like he was more interested in savin’ lives than taken them.” 
“You figure us out a plan Luke?”
“No, not yet, but I reckon we’ve got to make our move before we get to that prison camp. Once there, I don’t believe we will have much of a chance to get away.”
Before Luke finishes speaking the wagon driver yells to his mule team, “Whoa! Whoa!” The wagon stops so fast Luke, who has been kneeling beside Jamie, falls to the wooden floor. They hear gunfire toward the front of the wagon train. The Yankee guard grabs his rifle, swings from the wagon’s seat and heads at a dead run toward the sound of the firing. The commotion is being created by ‘A’ Company of Hampton’s Legion under the command of Captain Nicholas James. General Wade Hampton had been with General Lee on the retreat from Gettysburg when word is received that the Yankees are moving prisoners of war from the vicinity of Pennsylvania to Point Lookout, Maryland. General Hampton dispatched ‘A’ Company to do something about it – they caught up with the wagon train a couple of days before it reaches the prison camp.
“Come on Jamie, now’s our chance – let’s go. Jump from the wagon and run into the woods. If we get separated go south. Just remember if you are facing the sun in the early morning head to your right.”
At the front of the wagon train, one of the Confederates fighting the Yankees is a man with a name Luke might not recognize – Sergeant Yancey Coker. He might not recognize his name, but Luke’s family had a past connection with this Coker family. Yancey’s great-great-grandfather was Captain John Coker. The same John Coker that was guarding the two heavy-laden wagons out of Dahlonega, Georgia during the Revolutionary War – the same John Coker that fought beside Luke’s great-great-great-grandfather Jacob Ingram at the Battle of Scarburg Mill. 
Sadly the two will never meet; Luke slips out the back of the wagon, and hits the ground running. Jamie still groggy follows, but he isn’t nearly as fast. One of the Yankee guards sees Luke scampering into the woods beside the road, but he doesn’t have time to fire his musket, Jamie wasn’t as fortunate. The guard draws a bead on Jamie, cocks the hammer and fires. Luke stops in the tree line long enough to see the bullet tearing through Jamie’s back and exiting under his right armpit, killing him instantly. Luke turns from the bloody scene, he knows there is no reason to go check on him, using the same advice he had just given Jamie, he heads south.
A few wagons up in Robert’s wagon, one of the prisoners lying on the floor comments, “Whosever is shootin’ at us must of stirred up a hive of hornets, listen?”
“Hornets, the Devil,” says Robert, “Those are bullets comin’ through our canvas. Keep your head down!” The men in the wagon needed no encouragement they hug the floor as though they are squeezing their long ago sweethearts.
Robert thinks of slipping from the back of the wagon and trying to escape; however, with the wound to his chest and the bullet gash on his head, he knew he had little, if any, hope of making a successful escape. He lay on the floor of the wagon listening to the ‘hornets’ zing through the canvas, all the time cursing his luck. Finally, the firings of the rifles begin to abate, and the wagon train begins to move once again. He thinks, hopefully, a few of the Rebel prisoners might have escaped – son Luke, if he only knew. He knows another rough day slipping and sliding should bring Point Lookout mighty close.
He is right. The next day around mid-morning the wagons pull into Lookout Point. The men in the wagons do not have to peep outside to verify they have arrived – they can tell by the smell! Most of the Rebs in the wagons were raised on farms – they never smelled anything around their barns that reeked as badly. One man remarked he always thought his pigpen had a bad odor, he now reasons his pigpen smelled better.

CHAPTER NINETEEN 
Morgan’s Maurauders 

Luke ventures south into the woods a couple of miles, sits down on a log and attempts to plan his escape. He tries hard to remember his geography he had learned while in school. He knows the Chesapeake Bay bounds the southern peninsula of Maryland on the north, and on the south by the Potomac River. Luke figures it must be about ten miles to the Potomac. It is late in the afternoon; if he can find a place to hide out overnight he should be able to reach the river sometime tomorrow. Once across the river, he will be back in the good old Confederate States of America, the state of Virginia in particular. He believes he can get to Richmond. From Richmond, he might work his way west to the Shenandoah Valley. The Yankees have raided the Valley so many times that the residents there hate the Yanks with a passion, and he believes they will be very sympathetic to his plight. From the Valley of the Shenandoah, it is only a couple of day’s journey to Knoxville, then down to Chattanooga. From Chattanooga, he can easily continue south to Huntsville, Alabama, then, up Sand Mountain to Albertville and home.
It is sundown, and darkness begins to envelope the forest. Luke must find suitable shelter for the night. He finds a large, overturned oak with a massive trunk. From its look, it has not fallen too long ago. The branches, still covered with leaves, will make a suitable place to slip under to bunk down for the night. If he only had some food, he would be quite comfortable. Earlier during his trek through the woods he ran across a place that, apparently, had been used as a campsite by the Yankees a few days earlier. He did not find any food, but he did uncover a powder horn half-full of powder, a cartridge case with ten percussion caps and a rifle with a broken stock and barrel. Apparently a forgetful Yank left the items. It appears a bullet or a piece of shrapnel struck the barrel deforming it greatly. He strikes the musket against a tree trunk breaking off the useless barrel. All he wants is the trigger group with the percussion cap nipples.
Luke places more branches around his campsite creating a small hidden enclosure; he piles up a mound of leaves for a bed. A few twigs and a couple pieces of wood he has readied himself the makings of a small campfire. He pours a small amount of black powder under his pile of kindling places a percussion cap on the nipple of the broken rifle, holds it close to the black powder and pulls the trigger. The flash sets the gun power on fire, it in turn sets the kindling ablaze. Perfect, now that he has a small fire, the warmth of its glow makes him feel better already.
Luke crawls into the pile of leaves exhausted. In the distance, a couple of whip-poor-wills endlessly chant back and forth to each other. Directly overhead the hooting of a great horned owl lets the forest know he is alert and on guard. Off in the wood’s far recesses the mournful cooing of a dove is heard calling its mate. Luke listens to this magnificent symphony of nature – they are free, and so is he. In a moment, he drifts off in to a peaceful, sound sleep.
It is still dark an hour or so before sunup, but the northern mockingbird is already up mimicking every bird it has ever heard. The bird is not the only one up this early summer morning - someone gently taps Luke on the forehead with a pistol’s cold, steel barrel. Luke, still deep in sleep, grunts and turns over. The intruder gives Luke a swift kick to his hind side – this quickly gets Luke’s attention.
“Getup,” the uninvited guest demands. “Who are you? And what are you doing out here in my woods?”
Luke still half asleep cannot think of a quick answer.
Poking Luke in the stomach with the end of a Colt revolver the man clearly annoyed repeats his question, “Who are you I say?”
His head clear, Luke replies, “Luke Scarburg... Private Luke Scarburg recently of the Army of Northern Virginia.”
“You a Reb, huh? What’s you doin’ hidin’ under this here tree?”
Luke explains how he had participated at Gettysburg with his brother and father. How both of them had been wounded or killed. Luke tells of being captured, and put on a wagon train to Point Lookout, Maryland. The wagons were attacked by a force of Confederates, he escaped, made his way through the woods, and until rudely awaken was enjoying a restful sleep under this fine old oak tree.
The man, dressed in civilian clothes, asks Luke’s plan of escape. Luke explains how he has envisioned his path from Maryland to Alabama. He tells the unknown fellow with the pistol how he is through with fightin’, and is now heading home.
“Why do you care? You’re a civilian, why are you so concerned about my direction of travel?”
“If the truth be known, Private Scarburg, I’m not a civilian. I’m Captain Benjamin Hardin of General John Hunt Morgan’s band of guerillas; we’re a clandestine operation and don’t use uniforms or visible rank.”
“In other words, you all are spies. If caught, you will be hung.”
“No, hardly, we’re a partisan force that operates legally behind the enemy lines. The 1862 Partisan Patriot Act was passed by the Confederate Congress authorized the formation of units like ours and gave us legitimacy, which places us in a different category than the ordinary 'bushwhacker.’ Allow me to comment on your plan of escape. I don’t know how you figure to make it across the Potomac, but let’s suppose you find a way then you will be facing the 6th Michigan, the 10th New York, and the 28th Ohio. They will be between you and Richmond. If, by chance you make it to Richmond, the trip to the Shenandoah will be over trails, there are no passable roads that are not swarming with Yankees. You might make it the rest of the way south, but your chances are very slim.”
“Well, that’s fine Captain, but I have no idea where my old unit is and even if I did I have no way to get to them. What am I supposed to do – I don’t want to spend the rest of the War in a prisoner of war camp.”
The Captain asks, “Come with me to our camp.”
“I have no skills that you could use Captain!”
“You can shoot and ride a horse can’t you?”
“Well, yes, yes of course I can do that.”
“Then we can use you, come with me and I will introduce you to General Morgan.”
Leaving Luke’s campsite, the Captain and Luke ride double for a couple of miles through the thick underbrush of the forest. After an hour or so Luke smells smoke from a campfire, he can hear whinnying of horses and the muted talk of men. Rounding a curve in the trail the Captain and Luke are stopped by two sentinels, a word or two from the Captain and they are allowed to pass. Luke is in the midst of John Hunt Morgan’s camp. Morgan’s men have the white Army tents arranged in a semi-circle – the Yankees have only one way in and one way out. General Morgan’s tent occupies the center. Two soldiers armed with muskets stand guard on either side of the opening to his tent.
Dismounting Captain James barks orders to the two sentries standing guard, “Restrain this man, he is a Union spy. Tie him to that tree over yonder.”
“Wait! Hold on, I tell you I am no spy...I am a Rebel escaped prisoner of war.”
As the guards grab Luke the Captain says to Luke, “So, you thought I was buying all that hogwash talk about you escaping, and all those other lies...what do you think I am, a fool?”
Luke couldn’t resist, “I’m sorry Captain, I don’t know you that well.
“Bound this funny man to the tree,” orders the Captain.
“But, seriously Sir all I said is the honest truth.”
“Sergeant,” the Captain said, speaking to a soldier running up. “Assemble a firing squad, we’ve got ourselves a Yankee spy who thinks he is a comedian.”
Luke is bodily dragged to a nearby tree. His hands lashed securely behind, and five men with muskets assemble themselves in a line about ten paces to his front.
“Do you require a blindfold?” Questions the Captain.
“No, but wait, wait you are making a terrible mistake, I am not a Yankee spy.”
“Men of the firing squad, ‘Make ready your weapons!” The men raise their muskets, pull the hammers back in to the ‘ready position’ and wait for the order to fire.
The Captain raises his sword high above his head, “Ready... Aim...” an instant before the command to “Fire” Luke interrupts.
“Wait,” said Luke, “I’m telling you, I really was with the 48th Alabama Infantry. Hear me! The 48th Alabama! I am not a spy!” 
A slightly built man steps to the opening of the tent. His dress is that of a Confederate General. A long cavalry saber hangs from his waist; so long, in fact, its end drags the ground. He is slightly bald, sports a mustache and goatee. Luke figures him to be in his late thirties or early forties. His steel gray eyes seem to pierce Luke through and through.
“Hold on! Did he say the 48th Alabama?” The General asks. “Unlash him and bring him to my tent.”
Luke enters the commander’s headquarters. General Morgan is sitting at his camp table writing. Without looking up, he motions Luke to take a seat. 
Placing his pen on the table, Morgan stares at Luke. Luke remains sitting ramrod straight, at attention. “So, I see by the absence of stripes on your sleeves you must be a private, is that right son?” Before Luke can answer the General continues, “You must not be much of a soldier or you would have been promoted. Am I right?” 
Again Luke isn’t given time to answer, General Morgan gets up, walks across the floor and stands in front of Luke, “You a deserter? A coward? Or are you a Yankee spy as the Captain says? You better defend yourself and convince me or its back to the firing squad!” 
The General hesitated after asking these questions. Luke also arose and comes to attention, “No, no Sir, I’m not a deserter, nor a coward, and I am certainly not a spy. I belonged to the 48th Alabama Infantry, or what is left of them, I guess, and I fought in every battle they were engaged in, up to and including Gettysburg.”
“A yellow-hammer,” the General referring to Alabama’s state bird,  “Alabama boy, huh? Then tell me what are you doing in my woods?”
“Well Sir, you see General I fought to that stonewall at Gettysburg, but their forces overwhelmed us. Once I was captured those blue-bellies were hauling us to the prison at Point Lookout, Maryland. Our Yankee prison wagon train was attacked by a sizeable force of Rebs, and I saw my chance, took it and ran off into the woods.”
“Escaped you say? Where’d you think you were goin’, back to Alabama?”
“Sir, yes Sir, that was my plan.”
“Foolish lad...foolish. You’d been lucky to get across the Potomac, much less get all the way to Alabama. I know of what I speak, I was born in Huntsville.” 
“Huntsville?” asks Luke. “My family lives in Albertville, just twenty-five miles away.”
“Albertville you say... I suppose a Yankee spy would never have heard of Albertville. Have you ever heard of Guntersville, Alabama?”
“Of course General, Guntersville is on the Tennessee River mid-way between Huntsville and my hometown of Albertville.”
“Good life-saving answer son, if you aren’t a deserter and want to keep fightin’ the blue-bellies I have a proposition for you – join up with us. You’ll see all the fightin’ you want. What you say ‘Alabam’?”
“Well, uh, well, after further thought, if it’s all the same to you Sir, I think I might continue on my way south.”
“Before you give me your final answer I must warn you of a few things. First we fight behind enemy lines; we wear civilian clothes and our mission is to find and destroy the Yankee’s supply lines; cut telegraph wire, and wreck trains and kill the blue-bellies in their sleep, if the chance arises. But, one rule – you cannot contact your family, in any method. No communication whatsoever. You cannot write a note or letter to the folks back home. To them you are either dead or missing in action. Albertville, as of this date, no longer exists for you. We officially do not exist, neither will you, and we want it to stay this way. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes Sir.”
“If you want to kill Yankees, and help end the War sooner, riding with me is the place to do it. A couple of other things I need to mention, “Alabam.” You can join up with me, which I suggest strongly, and secondly, I believe you are a Reb from Alabama, as you say; however, I can’t take a chance on you getting caught and exposing the existence of our unit to the Yankees. If you do not choose to ride with me, sad as I may find it, I will have you shot!”
Thinking for only a brief moment Luke replies, “Thank you Sir, now that I have given considerably more though to you proposal, I believe riding with you would be an honor.”
“Good... right choice.” The General reached across the table and grasped Luke’s hand. As the two men shake hands the General recognized the secret Masonic handshake Luke used. “Ah,” said General Morgan, “I see you are a traveling man?”
“Yes General, Lodge 663, Albertville, Alabama.”
“Daviess Lodge 22, Lexington, Kentucky,” the General replied, showing Luke his gold ring with the compass and square Masonic insignia. The General grabs Luke and hugs him as a fellow ‘Brother’ in the Masonic Order. 
Stepping back Luke said, “General everything I have told you is on the square.” General Morgan knew exactly what Luke was saying. This expression between Master Masons is indisputable evidence of a true statement.
 “Recognized and understood my Brother I now know without a doubt what you have told me is the truth. Most of my men are raw recruits, but you are an experienced soldier, as of this moment I am promoting you to Lieutenant. You will command Company F, Captain Thornton was killed during our last raid; I need someone experienced to take his place.
“Thank you General, I’m your man.”
“Come over to my table Lieutenant and I will show you our next excursion into the North.”
General Morgan has a large topographical map on his desk. It covers the area from Virginia all the way to Indiana and Illinois. Pointing at a section on his map he explains: “I am hoping to divert Union troops and resources in conjunction with the Confederate operation in Vicksburg. I am calling this campaign “Morgan’s Ride for Freedom”, and I intend to cross the Ohio River, and raise havoc across southern Ohio and Indiana.” 
In late summer 1863, General Morgan’s Ride for Freedom ends at a little place called Corydon, Indiana. His raiders confront the Union Home Guard in a battle that results in eleven of his Confederates killed, and five of the Home Guard killed or wounded.
After the battle, Morgan’s men ride ten miles southwest and set up camp on the banks of the Ohio River. The sun is down, and darkness is upon them, the moon is full. Luke is out walking around the tents checking on his men. Off in the distance he hears a soft melody being played on what he believes is a harmonica. He stops and listens intently. It is a harmonica, but playing bugle calls. Over and over different calls are being played, ‘Reveille’, ‘Boots and Saddle’, ‘Gallop’, ‘Charge’ and ‘Commence Firing’. Luke recognizes them all. He begins to weave through the tents looking for the source of the soothing musical refrain. Turning the corner of one tent, he finds a young man sitting by a campfire playing his harmonica. Seeing Luke, the youthful lad snaps to attention. “At ease soldier,” says Luke, “sit back down and tell me what you are doing.”
The young soldier explains he is Norton, Private Oliver Norton, the new bugler, and needs practice, but the bugle is too loud, so he is using his harmonica. Luke asks if he knows a soft, melodious bugle call he can play as the troops are bedding down for the night. Something calming that will settle them down, and put the men to rest after a hard, exhausting day. Oliver explains to the Lieutenant he has a bugle call he has written himself that should fit the requirement, but he has never played it to any of the troops. He said he called it ‘The Army’s Perfect Sonata.’ 
“Play it for me.” Oliver places the harmonica to his lips and begins to play, when he finishes, Luke sits there, amazed. The composition was beautiful. Finally, Luke speaks, “That is the perfect tune!”
“But one suggestion Oliver, the name is too long. Why not just call it the first letter of each word - T.A.P.S., and beginning tonight I want you to play TAPS each evening at precisely 9 p.m., without fail.”
Later Luke enters his tent and begins to unbuckle his cavalry sword when he hears the peaceful refrain of Oliver’s lullaby echoing through the stillness of the camp. Listening to the blissful sound, he thinks of these words to accompany the notes:.

Work is done, set the sun,
Over the hills, by the lake,
In the sky,
All is good, safely sleep,
Gods on high.


He checks his grandfather’s gold, pocket watch – 9 p.m., right on the dot.

CHAPTER TWENTY
Point Lookout 

“All right you Johnny Rebs, get outta them wagons youse home,” the Yankee guard says pounding on the side of the wagon with the butt of his rifle. The harrowing ride from Washington to Point Lookout is finally over.
Robert and Ben slide from the bed of the wagon to the ground. What they see amazes them. They scan over the entire expanse of the Point Lookout prisoner of war camp.
The place is located on the extreme tip of St. Mary’s County, Maryland, on a spit of land where Chesapeake Bay converges with the Potomac River. It is a sandy piece of ground with plenty of marshy land. Due to its very location, the Point swelters in the summer months, and a brisk wind from the Atlantic causes freezing cold in the winter.
Point Lookout proper covers a little over six hundred acres; however, the Confederate prison itself encompasses only a forty-acre plot of ground. A ten-foot board fence encloses it. All around the top of the wall is a walkway, which the armed sentinels constantly patrol. From the top of the fence, the guards can see what is going on, both inside and out. The waters of the Chesapeake Bay, to which the prisoners have no access, bound the back of the prison compound on the north. Although it is salt water, they could bathe, and wash their clothes, but its use is forbidden. The inmates refer to Point Lookout as the ‘pen’.
After being shoved through the entrance gate, Robert and Ben are herded into a small building just within the prison’s front entrance. A hand-painted sign over the door reads, ‘Incoming.’ The standard operational practice, once they get inside, is to have all newly arriving prisoners searched, and all valuables and money confiscated. Valuables are, supposedly, stored for safekeeping and money if they have any is credited to their account in the form of an entry in a passbook that the prisoner gets to keep. These credits can be exchanged at the Sutler’s store to purchase a short list of available items. The drawback to the former practice: most if not all captured Rebels do not have money. In the vast majority of cases, the Confederates have not been paid since joining the Confederate army. Once searched and accounted for the prisoners are released to fend for themselves within the walls of this hellhole called the ‘pen, Point Lookout prison.
Their search completed, Robert and Ben, walk outside the Incoming Office and find they are standing on the debris-strewn main street within the ‘pen’. This thoroughfare’s name is Pennsylvania Avenue, also known to the inmates as ‘Robbers Row.’ Walking down the filth-littered street, they notice a small wooden shack, apparently made from the discarded wooden cases used to ship the life-sustaining crackers, known as hardtack. Over this door is a hand-painted sign proclaiming, ‘Chains, rings, made here at shortest notice’. Inside are two men, obviously Rebels, making watch fobs and other small items of intrinsic value, using horsehair. They make finger rings from buttons. The workmen are as skilled as any Yankee journeymen in the North, in spite of the primitive nature of the tools they use to accomplish their tasks.
The prison area is a confused mass of tents and hardtack box constructed shelters. Men, the majority of who are emaciated, limp and struggle to and fro the best they can. Some are getting around on makeshift crutches; others are being helped along with the aid of a buddy. The sounds, they hear, are a medley of noise, not unlike sounds heard on a busy city street; however, they have never witnessed a street with the sides littered with skinny, skeleton-like, anorexic men. A number of this rabble of ragged men lie motionlessly; they have simply died where they have fallen. 
Up and down Pennsylvania Avenue, they see a number of small frame building, a couple they notice house the main Sutler’s store and a postal office. Side streets empty on to this main drag. Both sides of these streets are also lined with the tents and box structures of the prisoners.  
As Robert and Ben progress through the streets they are amused at some of the names above the prisoner’s quarters: “Virginia Hall”, “Louisiana Country”, “The Rebel Retreat” or “Rebel Den”. They soon discover there are three Rebel Camps at this Point Lookout location. The one they are presently in. The one next-door quarters the Rebel officer’s or ‘Officer’s Country’ as the inmates refer to it, and the third is north of the prison compound; this facility houses the “galvanized” Rebels. Galvanized Rebels is the name other prisoners call Rebels who have switched sides and taken the ‘Oath of Allegiance’ to the United States.
Also along Pennsylvania Avenue they find homemade booths of every description. Some sell tobacco, others peddle fruit; still others are plying small selections of vegetables. All available for a price Robert and Ben find out. “Real” money cannot be used to purchase anything – the ‘pen’ has its own currency. One Confederate dollar is worth one piece of hardtack and one plug of tobacco. All money transactions must go through the Commissary Officer, who makes the appropriate entries in the prisoner’s passbook. The booths, or their merchandise is of little concern to Robert and Ben; between the two of them they do not have two half-dimes to rub together. Their pay in the Confederate Army was to be eleven dollars a month, but neither of them has seen a penny of their pay since their enlistment more than a year ago.
Quarters, quarters! They must find somewhere to live. 
White Army tents used as living quarters by the prisoners are lined up and down the side streets. All are occupied with their allotment of twelve persons, plus extra bodies are crowded in most all of them; however, the camp was designed to hold approximately ten thousand prisoners, currently it is crammed to overflowing with over fifteen thousand unfortunate souls. Of course the Yanks say the Rebs have no souls, so this place must be filled with Rebel malcontents of ever description.
As the night descends, darkness finds Robert and Ben huddled up in an empty spot next to one of the Sutler tents. The ground is hard and still damp from the recent rains. Maybe tomorrow they will discern the lay of the land – right now they are ‘newbies’, they need someone to show them the ropes. After arriving at Point Lookout, no one has told them very much – after being searched they were merely thrown into the mass of humanity within the prison walls without instructions of any kind.
After a miserable night, a slight glimmer of light can be seen tinting the eastern sky; morning at last is finally arriving. Robert and Ben think the misery of the previous night ranks among one of the worst they have ever endured since entering the war. They both are weak from lack of food and water. Their joints and muscles are stiff, but both are still alive. At least they can be thankful for that. It is morning, but no one has explained anything about the camp. What are they to do?
Robert notices a large group of prisoners hurrying toward one of the wooden buildings. Robert and Ben join the crowd and follow along.
The men, accompanied by Robert and Ben, enter a plain, shack-like building. Once inside Robert can see it is a large room used for eating. There are five long tables down the center. He guesses the mess hall can feed around five hundred at a time. The table furniture is extremely primitive, sitting on top are an assortment of tin cups and tin plates. These eating utensils look as if they have been in a war – and lost. Breakfast is about as bad – a cup of paltry coffee, with the addition of one spoonful of molasses, stirred in.
Squeezing onto a bench at one of the tables, Robert and Ben sit sipping their coffee. After the second taste, Robert isn’t sure it is coffee. A number of bowls, of what appears to be mush and a few large wooden spoons with which to dip the ‘gruel’, sit on the tables. There are neither forks nor spoons with which to eat. Robert and Ben dip out a spoonful of the gooey mess and place it on their tin plates and try, as best they can, to eat it with their dirty hands. A prisoner next to Robert informs them if they have a need, and they do, of a spoon they must fashion one themselves using a piece of wood from one of the hardtack boxes. “Make sure you keep it with you at all times, or other lowlifes in here will up and steal it,” he warns.
While sitting at the table eating and drinking their breakfast the best they can, Robert casually mentions the meager offering they are having. He said back in the old 48th Alabama, even on their worse day their fare was better than this.
From across the table one prisoner, looking across the top of his cup, replies, “Gents, be thankful, some morning we don’t even git the mo-lasses or the mush.”
“I’m sorry,” said Robert, “I’m beginning to realize y’all have had it bad here, I was just thinking out loud. Forgive me for being so insensible.”
“Excuse me for asking, but did I hear one of you say y’all was with the 48th Alabama?”
Robert introduces himself and Ben. He explains he is the one from Hood’s Division, 48th Alabama and Ben was with McLaw’s Division, 10th Georgia. 
“Where’d they git y’all”
Robert tells of their capture at the Battle of Gettysburg. He explains about being stabbed with a Yankee bayonet and shows the wound where the mini-ball bounced off his head, Yank or Reb, he didn’t know. His head has mostly healed, and the hole in his chest is almost well too, but it is still quite sore. 
“Why do you ask?”
“My name is Luther Street, Private Luther Walker Street, I was with the 21st Alabama at Pittsburg Landing. Them Yankees caught me down there in ’62. At first they sent me to Camp Douglas up around Chicago way. Then in a few months I was shipped out to this dung hole. Tell me, what news you hear about my old 21st?”
“Sorry,” Robert replies, “I heard tell the 21st consolidated with the 25th Alabama after the Battle of Pittsburg’s Landing or Shiloh as the Yanks now call it. I also heard your outfit was down to just a skeleton force before it merged with the 25th. Not many of the original bunch left I’m afraid. What wasn’t killed got captured.”
“Ah, it don’t matter no how, I weren’t with them fer long anyways. I jined up in January of ‘62 and Shiloh was fit in early April. I didn’t know many of the men, only my company commander Captain Lawson Street. The Captain wuz a distant cousin of mine, and we is both from Decatur, Alabama. He’s up in Officer’s Country rite now. Where’s you from?”
“I’m not sure,” Robert answers, “loss of memory from the head injury. I guess Alabama, but that was a long time ago, in another life.
“Tell us Luther how can a man make some money in here? We are dead broke, and if we can’t buy extra food from the Sutler, I’m afraid we won’t make it. A man just can’t live on this mush and weak coffee. It’s bothersome, just last night we talked to a fellow recently captured, he said a while back he was in Richmond and corn was selling for fifty dollars a bushel; flour was four hundred dollars a barrel; pork was five dollars a pound; beef three dollars a pound; potatoes forty-five dollars a bushel. At these prices how are we ever going to afford to buy anything here, even if we ever get our Confederate pay?”
“Yeah... yer right! You have to have money, or you will die in here, but don’t you worry about them figures you hear’d about, thems in ‘federate money. Here you get paid in Yankee money. That beef in here is around twenty-five cents a pound, and a bushel of them taters wouldn’t be more’n a dollar or so. You can git a pound of sugar fer fifteen cents and a pound of cheese will only set you back one Federal dime. Yankee money ain’t gone no-account like our ‘federate money.
“Darn! I didn’t realize the South’s money is so worthless. I guess our eleven dollars a month won’t amount to much, even if we ever see any of it.”
“Fer shore, it’s jest about no-good, but in the meantime, tomorrow at sunup you two be at the front gate. Every mornin’ they pick from two to three hundred workers to go out and work on fortifications, unload the stuff at the dock, thangs like that. Sergeant Scarburg I know you are still ailing from yer injuries, so stand back once you git on the job – let them others do most of the work. You each will make half a dime a day – once you have enough, you can trade the cash money for hardtack and tobaccy. With hardtack and tobaccy, you can buy most anything in this place. Speakin’ of the front gate, did you notice that big ditch, about ten feet out from the wall on the inside?”
“Yeah, what’s that for?”
“That’s the ‘deadline.’ Them blacks have been pullin’ guard duty, and they shoot anybody inside that line towards the fence. Fellers, I mean anybody, sometimes they’ll shoot one of us jest ‘cause we gets close to that ditch. You’uns keep yer distance, yer hear?”
“Thanks, Luther, loud and clear, but tomorrow morning, how do we go about getting chosen?”
“Don’t worry about that, one prisoner is in charge of makin’ the selection. He’s from the 21st too – I can fix it with him.”
“Why? Why would you do this for us?”
“Us Alabama boys got to stick together – oh well, Georgia is close enuf to count I suppose, ‘member, don’t you be late, be there before sunup.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE 

Captured 

Through August and into early September of ’63 General Morgan’s troops along with Luke Scarburg, now Captain Luke Scarburg captured and paroled hundreds of Union soldiers. In late September 1863 at Versailles, Indiana, some of General John Hunt Morgan’s soldiers raided nearby militia camps and looted county and city treasuries. The symbolic articles of the local Masonic Lodge are also stolen. When Morgan learns of the theft, himself a Master Mason, he pitches such a fit the Lodge’s property is found and returned the following day. Luke’s father, grandfather, and great-great-grandfather were Master Masons also. All his life he had heard the story how his great-great-grandfather built Lodge Number One at Scarlettsville, South Carolina, and family lore passed down that Number One was special. Why is Lodge Number One so important? Luke himself had been raised to Master Mason in Albertville, but he could not see how Albertville Lodge 663 could have been much different from old Number One at Scarlettsville. All Lodges are constructed and furnished within and without exactly the same. Something is different about Lodge Number One, but what?
Morgan and his men, now known as ‘Morgan’s Marauders’, are almost disbanded in October 1863 at Balley Island, Ohio. At this place, more than seven hundred of his men are captured trying to cross the Ohio River into West Virginia. Union gunboats intercepted the Marauders, less than four hundred of his men succeed in crossing. Most of Morgan's men are captured that day and spend the rest of the war in the infamous Camp Douglas Prisoner of War camp in Chicago, Illinois. A week later near a small crossroads in Ohio Morgan’s exhausted, hungry and saddle-sore remainder of his soldiers ate finally forced to surrender, including Luke. 
In late October, Morgan, Luke, and six other officers, escape from their cells in the Ohio Penitentiary at Columbus by digging a tunnel from Luke’s cell into the courtyard. They climb over the wall with a rope made from mattress covers and escape without being seen.
Before leaving Columbus, General Morgan calls Luke and his other officers together.
“Gentlemen,” said the General, “we have come a long way together since our days in Maryland. It has been a privilege serving with you all, but I believe it best if we split up now, and each try to reach the land of Dixie on their own. Together we are too big a target, separately I believe some of us might just make it.”
Luke was the only one to speak, “General, you know we have always followed your orders, and I for one, will follow them now. It too has been a privilege serving with you Sir.” Luke steps back, removes the glove from his right hand and renders the snappiest salute he has ever given while serving in the Confederate Army. The other men come to attention and also salute.
“Thank you! Thank you, and may God go with you,” said General Morgan returning their salute.
Luke says his goodbyes to the other officers, leaves and begins his long trip home.
Sometime during the night, he slips, unseen, into a boxcar aboard a Yankee supply train out of Columbus heading south. He approaches close to Cincinnati the next morning. A couple of miles from the station Luke leaps from the train. He talks a Southern sympathizer into a skiff ride across the Ohio River. 

THE LONG TRIP HOME

His plan is to continue south to Louisville, Kentucky, then somehow work his way down to Nashville, Tennessee. From Nashville, it is just a little over one hundred miles to Huntsville, Alabama.
He thinks, ‘one hundred miles to Louisville, about one hundred seventy-five to Nashville and another hundred miles and I will be in Huntsville. Three hundred seventy-five miles, it might as well be a million!’ Enemy forces now occupy most of the territory from Cincinnati to Huntsville. He probably will not see a friendly face until he crosses the line separating Alabama from Tennessee.
He knows the area from Cincinnati to Louisville is crawling with Yankees. He has no clothes but the rags on his back. He has no weapon with which to fight if the need arises. He has no food, except for a few pieces of hardtack he managed to keep. About all he has is the desire to escape and to once again see his mother, brothers and sisters at home in Alabama.
He feels good ‘thinking’ how he might once again see all their wonderful faces, but then he thinks of Matthew and his father. What is he to tell his family? Why, they will ask, didn’t you save them? Sadly, how will he make them understand this War...and its human consequences? Like, during the heat of battle, a soldier must follow orders – his duty comes first; family and friends are second. Will his family understand?
The farther he walks along the southern bank of the Ohio River the more he dreads going home. He can see the sadness and tears in his mother’s eyes even now. At that moment, he hears a gunboat out in the river discharge its cannon. Was it Yankee or Rebel? He couldn’t tell, in fact, he didn’t care, but it brought him back to the current reality – he must find his way home.
He stops at the edge of the water and looks out across the muddy waters of the Ohio River. The Ohio meanders south to Louisville before it continues on to join the mighty Mississippi at Cairo, Illinois. ‘But wait,’ he thinks, ‘the Ohio will meet up with the Tennessee River at Paducah, Kentucky. The Tennessee flows directly by Guntersville, Alabama.’
Out of the blue Luke comes up with a plan, if he can somehow manage to float down the Ohio to Paducah, maybe he can figure a way to go upstream on the Tennessee River to Guntersville. He knows this route will be farther by a couple hundred miles, but it might be safer. 
‘Wait just a minute, wait just a dadgum minute,’ he thinks. ‘Take the river to Louisville, and then head south on foot to Nashville. From Louisville to Nashville the route will all be through the hills of Kentucky. Those hills will be a good place to hide if I see any Yankees. By gosh, this is a plan, and a fine one if I say so myself.’
 
THE RAFT

A mile or two down the river Luke rounds a bend and to his surprise he sees a raft sitting on the riverbank. Apparently it has been abandoned, but from its looks, someone surely must have used it recently. 
 Luke checks up and down the riverbank, he doesn’t see anyone. Upon closer examination, he finds a few barefoot footprints imbedded in the soft sand; footprints that lead from the raft into the thick foliage alongside the river. They appear to be recent. He estimates they cannot be more than a day or two old.
“Hello,” he says in a loud whisper. “Is anyone there?” He quietly asks again looking toward the underbrush. “Hello,” he yells holding his hands against the side of his mouth to amplify his voice. Receiving no response, he decides whoever used the raft must have abandoned it and fled into the woods.
Luke is about to push the raft from its resting spot on the sand of the riverbank into the water of the mighty Ohio. He has one foot on the raft and one on the ground about to give it a shove. “Git off’a my raft, you boat thief – or I’s gwine to put a bullet a twixt your shoulder blades.” 
Luke recognizes that voice! Turning, he sees his old black pal Nathaniel standing at the edge of the woods holding an old Army musket. “Nate, Nate Scarburg don’t shoot; it’s me Luke, Luke Scarburg!”
Nate lowers the rifle and steps from the woods. “It is you, ain’t it Luke? I’s be ‘swanny,’ jest thanks about we both meets up here on this riverbank. ‘Swanny,’ I’d never have believed I’d seed you again after leaving you at that discharge man’s tent back yonder in Mary Land. I figured you’d done be home by now.”
“No, Nate it didn’t quite work out for me – what’s your excuse? What are you doing here?”
Turning away from Luke’s gaze, he answers, “It didn’t work out for me neither, I got me a letter right after you left... it...it...”
“What Nate? Who was the letter from?”
“It was from yer uncle, Master Isaac.”
“You mean Uncle Isaac Scarburg that lived on Scarlett Plantation when we left South Carolina to go to Alabama?”
“Yes sir, that’s him. He writ me a letter tellin’ me my darlin’ wife Elsa was dead, my son Nate Junior too. He said them Yankees wuz shootin’ off their cannonballs and hit my farmhouse. When I gets the news, I could never labor for them murdering rascals no more. Don’t know how Master Isaac no’d about my family?”
“From running the Mill, I reckon he must have heard the word from one of his customers about your family.” 
 “That Yankee bunch you and me was with left Frederick and headed west to jine up with the main part of the Army y’all fought agin at Gettysburg. The more furtherest them Yankees went, the more furtherest I was getting’ away from Carolinny, so I figured then wuz the time to skedaddle. I up and deserted them blue-bellies.” 
Nate adds, “I knowed I couldn’t go directly south; there wuz too many Yankees twixt Pennsylvania and my farm in Carolinny. I headed west reckonin’ sooner or later I would meet up with the Ohio River, and I imagined I could float downstream ‘till I reached the big old Tennessee River.
“Nate, one question, when you reached the Tennessee what was you going to do then?” 
“I don’t rightly know Luke. I figured since I had swapped that Yankee horse and wagon fer the raft with one of them river mens at Pittsburg, I might be able to barter myself onto one of them riverboats headed toward Alabam’ to see Mamma, Pa and Tom Jefferson. I did have this here Army musket and a few shots that I might be able to trade, if need be. Do you have a better idee?” 
“Dadgum Nate, that’s a good plan, I had one but yours is better. Can I tag along with you on the raft?”
When Luke found the unattended raft, Nate had pulled ashore earlier to forage the surrounding countryside for provisions. He was just returning from his day of separating some of the Kentucky farmers from their possessions when he discovered Luke attempting to ‘borrow’ his raft. Nate lowers his Yankee knapsack to the ground. He pulls out a frying pan, a coffee pot, a small pouch of coffee, a lantern, a box of wooden matches, two candles, a cherry pie, and three oilcloth slickers. Luke begins to laugh as Nate removes the last item, a live chicken.
Luke looks at Nate’s ‘booty’ lying in the sand. Shaking his head he says to Nate, “Nathaniel, I’m not even going to ask how you came about this stuff, but right now that chicken and pie looks mighty good!”
It is getting dark and they need a fire to cook the chicken. Moving back into the dense underbrush, they drop to their knees. Using sticks and their hands they dig a hole about a foot deep and start a fire in its bottom. Buried deep in the ground, the flames cannot be seen by passing gunboats – the fire is warm, and it illuminates the wonderful, brown-crusted pie sitting on a flat stone nearby. Once the chicken had roasted, they couldn’t wait; using their dirty hands they finish off the chicken and begin to scoop out the cherry pie.
Luke, being practically starved, thinks this must be the best pie he has ever tasted, bar none. He and Nate shove the pie into their mouths so fast they barely have time to chew. Cherry pie encircles both their mouths. They didn’t care – this has to be heaven, if not, it is running a close second.
As his appetite is being satisfied Luke licks his fingers and speaks to Nate, “How long have you been on the river?”
“I reckon about twelve days gettin’ from Pittsburg to Columbus, then another six gittin’ down here. I could ’of made better time if I hadn’t been hidin’ so much from them Yankee gunboats. I figure without all the layin’ low and stayin’ hid I might ’of made fifteen miles each night. My raft, under good conditions, would make about three to four miles a hour, I’s guessin’.”
“Each night, you say. What about traveling during the day.”
“Nah, Luke you could make a good twenty, but it’s way too dangerous, them Yanks is everwheres. Theys even got them big old cannon guns aimed down on the Ohio at practically ever bend in the river. No, floating in the daylight is sure nuff death.”
“All right, from Cincinnati to Louisville is about a hundred miles, give or take, so we’re looking at ten to twelve days. What do you think Nate?”
Nathaniel said he didn’t know how far it was to Louisville, but if Luke was right in the mileage, then ten to twelve days was about right.
Luke checks his pocket watch – “Nate it’s near onto seven o’clock, daylight will come on around six tomorrow morning, so we better get going.”
“Hold on Luke, we’s got to build us a shelter on our raft, that’s why I lifted these oil skin slickers. I found out it rains jest about ever day on the river. We needs sommers to git in outta the wet.”
They spend another hour outfitting their raft using the slickers to make a pup tent. Finally, they shove off toward Louisville a little over a hundred miles downstream. The moon is in the first quarter phase – the half-lit moon will be highest in the sky at sunset, then set about six hours later. They will be limited to a little more than a few hours of moonlight. 
The vast amount of troops stationed in the Cincinnati area ensures the river is crowded with gunboats, troop transports and boats delivering supplies. Cincinnati also serves as the Headquarters for the Union’s Department of the Ohio.
Moving out on to the immense Ohio River, Luke is worried. No, he is scared, how could they help but not get captured. The little raft is, but a cork floating in the vast ocean of the enormous Ohio.
They cannot fire up the lantern. For a few hours they can silently drift past the boats, going unseen, using the small bit of light the moon provides; however, once full darkness descends on them they can easily bump in to one of the boats and be captured.
Until the moon sets they drift quietly, unobserved down the river. The river is becoming dark, jet-black dark. Occasionally, they will see the light on one of the Yankee boats; the light allows them to bypass the vessels unseen. Without the glow from a boat’s lantern, they were adrift without knowing what was in their raft’s path. The only noise made is the waters of the vast Ohio lapping against the side of their minuscule, wooden craft.
It is around 2 a.m., the river pitch dark, now and then they catch the glimpse of a Union boat. Suddenly from upriver they hear an ominous noise. Luke immediately recognizes it. It is the sound of a paddle wheeler churning down river coming in their direction. They hold on tightly; a collision seems imminent. The flailing noise from the boat’s paddle slapping the water is approaching faster.
“Turn left Nate!” Luke yells. “Left! Nate left!” To say the raft is rudimentary is overstating the obvious. The rudder is even worse, if it is even worthy of the name, is nothing but a broken, wooden oar.
Nate is steering with the makeshift rudder trying his darnest to make the sluggish raft move out of the onrushing steamboat’s path. He isn’t fast enough, the steamboat strikes them; however, the steamer did not smack the raft a direct blow. Fortunately, Nate had moved the raft just enough to allow the bow to miss them by inches. The wake from the near collision washes over the tiny raft. Nate tries hard to hold on, but over he goes in to the water. Luke grabs a rope and holds on for dear life.
The side-wheeler continues on down the river, never realizing it has just caused a mishap in the middle of the Ohio River.
Peering out in to the dark waters, Luke, not worrying about being heard yells, “Nathaniel! Nathaniel! Where are you? Nathaniel! Talk to me! Nate! Nate!” He knows there is hardly any hope that Nate survived.
Behind Luke and slightly to his right he hears someone say, “Hush up Luke! Here I is, don’t wake up the whole river! I’s coming, jest hang on, and I’s be to the raft in jest a minute.”
Back on the raft, Luke nearly hugs the breath out of Nate before suggesting they move back to the riverbank. Luke says to continue on tonight is futile; they need to dry out and take inventory of their supplies still on the raft. They know the musket is gone, but Nate still has his bullet pouch slung over one shoulder, the other shoulder carries his powder horn; however, it is soaked with water and the powder useless.
  Arriving at the river’s edge, they discover there is an eight to ten foot bank leading from the sand’s edge to the dense foliage and woods above. There are a number of tree roots hanging down, but in the darkness they cannot attempt to climb them.
Sitting on the damp sand both men are wet and dishearten. Luke, shivering, is the first to speak, “Na...Na...Nate, I’m afraid our estimate of reaching Louisville in ten to twelve days was a little optimistic. Y.. y...you...you... almost drown tonight, granted we can only travel on the river at night, but we have to have, at least, a little light to avoid being rammed again. You were just lucky on your trip from Columbus, but we can’t afford to take any more chances. 
From Cincinnati south, the river is going to become filled with more and more Yankee riverboats. Right now each day we only have about six hours of moonlight. I suggest we leave a little after sundown and put ashore around midnight, or so. We’ll just have to hide out all day until sundown.”
Soaking wet, cold and shivering too, Nate answers, “Lu...Lu...Luke, you knows what’s best. I’s follow whatever it is you sez.”
“It’s the middle of November; I thought we would be in Louisville by the end of the month. Now I’m looking at the middle of December.”
“That’s fine Luke, we’s not in no hurry. I druthers be slow than gets caught up by them Yanks.” 
The sky in the east is beginning to lighten. Luke and Nate must get off the shore and hide in the woods. They pull the raft farther upon the sandy beach, pile some brush over it, and use the tree roots to climb the bank to reach the woods above. At least the thick brush above should give them some protection from the cold wind blowing from the river. Maybe within the confines of the dense and impenetrable undergrowth they might even build a small fire to warm themselves. 
“Oh no!” Whispers Luke to Nate as they reach the woods above. “A Yankee cavalry troop is camped just a few hundred yards from us.”
Luke can see the Union campfires and the Yankee cavalrymen around them preparing breakfast. He further realizes that this encampment of horse soldiers is more than a roaming scouting troop of cavalry. He figures this must be the Headquarters camp of a Company or maybe a Regiment of cavalry. Even in the dim light, he does not fail to see the flag flying outside one large tent – it bore one single white star on a field of blue, the rank of a Brigadier General. A Brigadier General means the Headquarters encampment of a Union Cavalry Brigade! Somewhere scattered out beyond Luke’s field of view are one thousand to three thousand more cavalrymen. Luke and Nate have stumbled upon a major fighting force of the Yankee Army! Not only is it a large fighting force, but also the cavalry troopers are some of the Unions most elite, pugnacious, armed combatants.
Luke and Nate lie in the bushes smelling the bacon frying. As they watch the Yanks prepare breakfast they both barely breathe, but neither can take their minds off that tantalizing smell. Meanwhile, Nate has another idea.
“Luke what if we’uns wuz to wait ‘til dark and I wuz to seize a couple of them Yankee hosses and instead of goin’ down river, what if we jest skedaddle south on ‘em?”
“You mean ride south overland instead of floating down the river? Let me think for just a minute – let’s see if we manage to ‘seize’, as you say, the horses and flee south we might get to Lexington, Kentucky. Cutting across country, we could negotiate across the Cumberland Mountains to Knoxville. We could then follow the Appalachian range south, cut across Sand Mountain, and from there it is but a hop, skip and jump home. Of course, the easiest route would be from here to Louisville, and then to Nashville, and from Nashville to Huntsville, but that route will be swarming with Yankees. It’ll be hard for us to keep from getting caught by them blue-bellies.”
“How longs we talkin’ ‘bout Luke?”
“I figure it’s roughly a little over four hundred miles as the crow flies. We might average twenty to twenty-five miles a day, so about two weeks, more or less.”
“Luke, how fer is it if’en that crow has to ride a sway-back hoss on a rock-hard Yankee saddle?”

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO 
Hark the Herald Angels Sing  

Christmas 1863 is just a few days away. It has been almost four months since Robert and Ben have been imprisoned at Point Lookout. After their lucky meeting with Private Luther Street that first morning at breakfast they have had a number of good things happen. If the word ‘good’ can be connected to anything in Point Lookout.’
Their immediate need back then was a place to bed down. Another night sleeping on the wet ground with no blanket was going to be like the night before – miserable. It is early winter, and the winds blowing directly off the Chesapeake Bay, from the north, brought dampness, producing a bone-chilling, wretched night.
Robert had mentioned their situation to Luther with the chance he might know where they might spend the night. Luther answers, “Alabam’ you be in luck! Two of my tent mates were taken to the hospital this morning – I don’t believe theys will be coming back.” Winking, he said, “You get my drift?”
Robert, although sorry for the two men’s misfortune, wasn’t sorry enough to turn down the offer of their bunks in Luther’s tent. Anyplace dry and out of the biting wind was fine with them.
The next morning, before sunup, both Robert and Ben found themselves in a mass of emaciated, humanity waiting and hoping to hear their names called for the morning work detail. They will learn nothing in this hellhole of a prison is free. Unknown to Robert and Ben their benefactor Luther had traded hardtack and tobacco to the duty assignment Sergeant ensuring they would be picked for the morning’s detail. Robert and Ben had thought the prisoners were a pack of uncaring, self-centered, friendless individuals. They were wrong Luther had proved he was a true friend.  
  Death was a common sight, anywhere from ten to fifteen prisoners die each day. Most are buried in the common graveyard located just a few hundred yards north of the hospital. Most mornings, the daily assignment is to bury the dead. At first Robert would utter a silent prayer for the body he is throwing dirt over; however, it becomes so routine, he would throw the body into its grave, and taking shovel in hand he throws the dirt in without even thinking about the task at hand. Occasionally, sitting on his bunk, he would think how this War has so de-humanized men, especially him. Each man has only one thing in common – survival, personal survival at any cost. He was ashamed, he must change, he cannot exist like this. 
Over the past months, thievery has increased considerably. The low-lifes will slip among the tents late at night, slit a hole and steal whatever they can easily reach. Using a couple of the wooden cracker boxes, Robert constructs a sort of cabinet where he and Ben store what little ‘valuables’ they possess. He secures the cabinet door with a length of tent twine with one end tied to his foot. If someone tries to pull on the door, he will feel the tug on his leg and pounce on the intruder. Fortunately, no one ever cut into his tent. In Robert’s starved, haggard condition, no doubt he would have killed the thief without a second’s thought. Or, perhaps been killed himself.
A few months after their arrival Robert and Ben have saved up enough money to open up their own little ‘business’ along Pennsylvania Avenue. They would buy molasses from the Sutler, boil it down, roll it in to small lengths and sell them as molasses taffy at a half-dime per roll. Their store counter is merely a couple of cracker boxes stacked one on the other, but they did a brisk business. Robert and Ben trade turns – one day Robert will work the store and Ben would go out on a work detail, the next day they would reverse jobs.
One day Robert is whitewashing the fence around the hospital when he sees one of the hospital orderlies dumping the used coffee grounds from the hospital’s coffee pots in the trash pile. 
Back in his tent he explains to Ben what he has witnessed at the hospital fence. Together they devise a plan to get under the fence, get the used coffee grounds, and hopefully escape back to their tents with their prize.
Next morning, Robert whitewashes for a few minutes, when the guards are not looking he begins working on a hole under the fence. This endeavor consumes most of the day. About an hour or so before quitting time he catches the two guards smoking their pipes and talking to each other. Unnoticed, he slips under the fence, hurries to the garbage pile and scoops up as much coffee grounds as he can get in a gunny sack before the guards can see him. His covert operation works, he was not seen.
The next day both work their store. Standing in front of their hardtack boxes they announce, “Get your taffy here! Hot coffee just a half-dime. Hot coffee, real coffee!” They do a brisk business. There is no telling how many time those same coffee grounds gets boiled; regardless, Robert and Ben collect a tidy sum of spending money each time a weaker and weaker batch of coffee is brewed.
Robert has another idea for their store – flapjacks. He will purchase flour from the Sutler and make flapjacks and serve them with a bit of thinned sorghum molasses. However, to stretch his flour purchase Robert makes the flapjacks rather thin. So thin, in fact, one day a customer orders a couple, holds one up to the light and proclaims, “Darn, I believe I can read newsprint through these. I thought I had been hoodwinked by the best, but you fellows beat ’em all!” Needless to say, the flapjack business did not last too long. Robert was relieved the flapjack business failed – he had always considered himself to be an honest man and taking advantage of poor, destitute soldiers did not sit too well with him. He believed, surely he could do better.
In the first week of December ’63, Ben developed a slight cough. At first they just contributed it to the conditions under which they live, but it had progressively gotten worse. Ben reports for ‘Sick Call.’ He is carried to the hospital and examined by a Yankee doctor. The news is dreadful. He is diagnosed with Lung Fever, a disease officially called Pneumonia by the doctors, a disease that will progressively get worse, a disease with a bad prognosis - a fatal prognosis. 
As December the 25th nears, they are to spend their first Christmas as prisoners of the Yankees. Ben is constantly coughing, wheezing and on some days cannot even get out of his bunk. He is a miserable wretch to see. Even though Robert buys extra rations, the sparse food isn’t wholesome enough for Ben; he is emaciated down to nothing but skin and bones. Everyone knows the worse, Ben has Lung Fever, and he is nearing death. A few days before Christmas as Robert tries to feed Ben a small bowl of potato skin broth Ben asks if Robert will do him a favor.
“Anything Ben, if it’s within my power, just name it.”
“Robert, I know I am dying and will never see home again. For one last time, I would like to have a Christmas tree. One like I used to have at home.”
“My friend, if it is at all possible a Christmas tree you will have.”
Twice a week work details were sent outside the walls to cut and gather firewood. It takes almost all the money he and Ben have saved from their various business enterprises to bribe the guard to allow him to go on the firewood detail. Outside in the pine woods Robert finds a small cedar tree about five feet tall. He cuts it along with the rest of the wood he gathers that day.
Back at their tent, Robert stands the little cedar tree upright, but he does not have anything to decorate its branches. He remembers at home Malinda strung popped popcorn kernels together on a long string and drooped it around the trees. He has not seen any popcorn in years, and surely there is none in this Hades’ abyss.
Word quickly spreads through the ‘pen’ of Ben’s Christmas tree. Without hesitation, men with no worldly goods begin to bring in ‘ornaments’ for the tree. One has a few scraps of red cloth another has cut a few pieces of tin from an old metal box – the man’s most prized possession. One old fellow hangs Confederate money he has rolled in to springy coils. Lids from cans, pieces of carved wood, one even donates a couple of candles. Pretty soon they have the makings of a ‘beautiful’ tree. Beauty has a different meaning to a scraggly, bone-thin, dirty group of men who are now the happiest they have been in years. One of them speaks to Ben, “Sorry old fellow,” he says grinning. “I don’t believe Santa is coming, I hear the Yanks saw his gray beard and figured he was a Reb spy and shot him.” Ben managed a weak smile. 
Glancing around the tent wet tears can be seen slowly flowing down dirty cheeks of the Sons of the Confederacy into scraggly beards that are long past the need of a good trimming. All gaze at the tree and remember Christmases of old. They can see their children in their mind’s eye sitting around their tree at home. The fire burning brightly in their fireplaces and all the rooms are cozy and warm. Later one old Reb confides to Robert he thought he could actually smell the turkey roasting in the kitchen. Someone puts a flame to the candles and from the back of the tent a voice begins to sing and they all join in: 

“Hark
 the herald angels sing, 
Glory to the newborn King! 
Peace on earth and mercy mild 
God and sinners reconciled. 
Joyful, all ye nations rise 
Join the triumph of the skies 
With the angelic host proclaim: 
"Christ is born in Bethlehem." 
Hark! The herald angels sing 
"Glory to the newborn King!"

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE 
Leaving Cincinnati 

Hundreds of miles southwest of Point Lookout Christmas of 1863 is approaching for Luke and Nathaniel also. Earlier both had crawled upon the riverbank south of Cincinnati. Nate slipped past the Union sentries to the corral where a large herd of cavalry horses were being quartered for the night. He quietly places the bridles, saddle blankets and saddles on a couple of black horses, figuring they will be harder to spot in the dark.
Softly walking the two cavalry mounts back to Luke they slowly and quietly slid onto the saddles and are about to head south toward Lexington, Kentucky, when Luke notices his horse’s saddle blanket. It is Union blue with a yellow stripe around its border. Its distinctive feature was a white star in the right and left rear corners.
Grinning, Luke looks at Nate and whispers, “Darn you Nate, did you have to steal the General’s horse?”
“Sorry, Luke, it wuz dark and you ferget I wuz in quite a bit of a hurry, I thought black would be good tho’. Here Luke, I didn’t thank they’d miss some of that good smelling bacon either,” Nate said handing Luke a couple of large pieces of fried fatback.
Chewing the meat as fast as he could, Luke answered as he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, “You did good Nate, real good!”
Luke estimates they should make twenty to twenty-five miles a day. Even twenty is to be a huge overestimation; the Yanks are thick as fleas on a dog’s back along the way. Most of the day Luke and Nate spent hiding out and at night it is extremely hard picking their way along the dark trails. Their twenty-five miles per day becomes more like five miles, and this on a good day. 
It is impossible to use the main roads; Yankees patrol all the crossroads, and columns of moving troops are constantly coming up and down the roads. Even if they had maintained travel on the roads, the cannons and caissons pulled by their teams of six horses would probably have run them down. Early in the War cannoneers had learned when the order, ‘Move Cannons’ was issued anything or anyone in their way would get overrun. Moving those giant beasts that belched the heavy iron balls took priority over the road and anything moving on it.
Cincinnati, Ohio to Lexington, Kentucky is a mere eighty or eighty-five miles. Luke figures this is only a four or five-day journey. He again is overly optimistic; they have traveled the better part of two weeks to reach Lexington. Lexington is a town heavily garrisoned with Union troops. There is no way to pass straight through without being challenged by a Yankee; they must make a large circle on the east side to by-pass the main part of town. Ride at night, hide out in the daytime becomes their daily routine.
As they are making their detour around Lexington Luke asks Nate about their food supply. Checking the saddlebag, Nate replies, “Old Mother Hubbard ain’t got nothin’ in the cupboard, the pantry is plum empty.” 
“Nate, I know it is taking an enormous chance, but I have to sneak in to Lexington and find us some food. The prospects of finding food after going farther south will be mighty slim.”
“But Luke, we’s ain’t got no money and nothin’ to trade.”
“I still have my grandfather’s gold pocket watch. Lexington is a Rebel town; although, the Yankees have it occupied, I believe I might find someone that will barter with me. You stay hidden here in the woods until I return Nate and do not get caught.” Reemphasizing his instruction, “You hear me Nathaniel? Don’t you get caught!”
Luke moves slowly through the woods until he comes to the main road. As he follows the road toward Lexington he approaches a steep curve in the road ahead, moving into the woods he dismounts. Tying his horse to a tree, he slips through the dense undergrowth until he can see the curve clearly. His instincts are correct. Just around the turn is a detachment of Union infantry. Two sentries are manning posts on either side of a country crossroads. Down on his hands and knees Luke quietly crawls close enough to hear the guard’s conversation. He hears one say they were attached to the 7th U.S. Cavalry. The other guard made reference that the commander was Brigadier General Stoneman. Luke learns the General’s headquarters is stationed at Mount Sterling; however, Luke has no idea where Mount Sterling is. 
He also overhears General Stoneman was captured at the Battle of Brian’s Station, close to Frankfort, Kentucky and General George Armstrong Custer assumed command of the 7th.
Making his way back through the woods to his horse, he mounts and returns to Nate.
“Nate change jackets with me. I need your Yankee blue one.” 
“What’s you doin’ Luke, with you wearin’ yer blue-belly britches and my blue-belly jacket, theys gonna shoot you as a spy foreshore.”
“I hope not. I’ve got me an idea.”
Entering the main road again, he digs his heels in the horse’s flanks, going from a slow walk to a fast gallop. Rounding the curve in the road the two sentinels step out to block the rider’s path. Luke sees them and yells, “Out of my way you men! Get out of my way, I order you!”
“Halt, or we’ll shoot!” The guards answer, raising their Springfield muskets to their shoulders. 
Pulling his reins he slows his horse from a gallop to a walk, and yells, “You idiots! Don’t you recognize me?”
One of the Yankee privates orders, “Advance and be recognized!”
Walking up to the two sentries, one of them asks Luke, “What’s the password?”
Luke responds, “Password the Devil, I don’t know no d*** password! Don’t you recognize me, I’m General Stoneman; I understand General Custer has taken command of my 7th Cavalry! Where is he, still at the Mount Sterling Headquarters?”
Seeing the General’s white star on the saddle blanket one sentry says, “Sir, but...but Sir, they said the Rebs captured you at the battle of Brian’s Station?”
Luke staying in character, “You fool, do I look the h*** like I’m captured. I’m dressed as a private so I could escape, now git your fool selves out of my way before I have you court-martialed and shot.”
The two sentries, never having seen General Stoneman, salute and jump aside as Luke slaps his horse’s flanks with his reins. “General Custer, he’s at Mount Sterling,” one of the sentries yells as Luke gallops past them and rides down the road and out of sight.

THE BLACK HORSE TAVERN

A couple of miles down the road Luke approaches a decrepit, old, roadside tavern. A faded, wooden, sign swings from a rusty, iron bracket mounted over the door. It reads ‘Black Horse Tavern,’ underneath is written, ‘Est 1791’. Tying his horse to the hitching rail, he walks toward the entrance door. The only sounds are the creaking of the windblown sign and a drunken patron stumbling out the tavern door, “No use goin’ in there blue-belly, they don’t serve Yankee scum the likes of you.”
Luke almost responds to the insult until he realizes he is dressed in a Union blue uniform, riding a horse with a big U.S. brand on its flank and a general’s blue saddle blanket. ‘That’s good! This place must be run by Southern sympathizers,’ he thinks.
Pushing the door open, he enters a dim lit room, which appears as if it hadn’t been cleaned since the date on the sign outside. Only a fireplace and a couple of lanterns cast a little light to the interior. It has the smell of wood smoke, stale beer, cigars and a couple of other smells he’s not too anxious to identify. Two drunken customers have passed out, face down on an old rickety table. The barkeep, wiping a shot glass with a filthy rag, looks over the top of the glass, “This is my place and I don’t serve the likes of you. Most times all y’all soldiers want to do is drink, cuss and fight. I ain’t gonna put up with it...no sir...no way! Go find yerself sommers else to do yer drinkin’, yer hear?”
Luke catches a hint of a Southern leaning in this man’s voice. Luke might be wrong, dead wrong if he isn’t correct, but he decides to take a chance. “I know what it looks like, but I’m not a Yankee! I’m simply an escaped Reb from the Penitentiary at Columbus, Ohio trying to get home to Alabama. I’m looking for food – any food. I left my partner on the outskirts of town while I try to find us something to eat. All I have to barter with is my grandfather’s pocket watch. It’s solid gold, but it’s yours for just enough food to help us get farther south.”
Without looking up again, he asked, “What was yer unit Yank?”
“I joined up in ’62 with the 48th Alabama, got captured at Gettysburg during General Pickett’s Charge, escaped on my way to the POW camp at Point Lookout, Maryland. Hooked up with General John Hunt Morgan’s raiders. Captured again and got sent to the Confederate soldier’s prison in Columbus, Ohio and escaped again. So here I am, hungry, broke and friendless in enemy held territory,”
The bartender deliberately places the glass on the bar in front of him. Slowly he droops the bar towel over his shoulder, reaches under the counter and pulls out a mean looking .56 caliber, seven shot, Spencer rifle. The appearance of the gun immediately worries Luke. The Spencer is a Yankee rifle. The only ones Southerners possess are pick-ups from the battlefield. The Rebs say the Spencer is ‘that gun you load on Sunday and shoot it all week!’ 
‘The man has the look of a soldier,’ thinks Luke. ‘With that Spencer he is either a Union deserter or just recently discharged Yankee soldier; regardless I believe this was the wrong tavern to come to. I’m afraid this is going to turn out bad!’
“Sounds like you’ve had an interested career in this here man’s Army. Seems like you be better at getting’ caught than fightin’?”
“Does seem that way, don’t it? But leastways I’m not rotten in one of them blue-belly prisons.”
The innkeeper glares long and hard at Luke. He looks him up and down carefully, and then along with his rifle, begins to move ominously from behind the bar. Sweat is starting to form on Luke’s brow as the barkeep starts to raise the Spencer.
Luke stares at the business end of the rifle, ‘I guess he didn’t care too much for my story,’ he thinks to himself. 
The barkeep loads a shell into the breech and looks as if he is about to fire his rifle. Suddenly instead of aiming the menacing weapon at Luke he lowers it and taps his leg with the rifle barrel, it emits a dull sound – it is an artificial wooden leg. “Gettysburg too, Armistead Brigade, 14th Virginia, we was on the left of yer 48th during Pickett’s Charge. I’ll give it to you boys; you fellers put up a pretty darn good fight that awful day. We both lost a lotta good boys that terrible afternoon,” he said staring as if the Gettysburg battle was taking place right before his eyes. “How fer did you boys git?”
“They captured me standing on that dadburn stonewall on Cemetery Ridge. We’d held it too if the Yanks had not sent up reinforcements.”
“You mean to tell me y’all got all the way to the wall? Well, I’ll be!” He said with a glazed over look in his eyes as he remembered that dreadful fight.
 Blinking his eyes, he returned to reality, “No worry friend I’ll supply food for you and yer pal. You keep that darn watch, I ain’t got no use fer it no how.” Mumbling to himself, “I’ll be...all the way to the wall, my, my, now that’s was something.” 
Luke’s horse was loaded down with a ready supply of food. The innkeeper had provided a bag of coffee, hardtack, bacon, some beans, a coffee pot, frying pan, small pouch of sugar, a cured ham, a powder horn half filled with powder, some percussion caps and a Colt .44 caliber, six-shot revolver complete with holster. And, why Luke did not know, he also threw in two sticks of dynamite. Best of all – “Any man that got to that wall and still lives deserves this,” the barkeep said handing Luke the Spencer rifle and fifteen rounds of .56 caliber ammunition.  Luke was mighty glad to get the supplies since most of theirs went overboard on the near collision with the steamboat on the Ohio. He was especially glad to get the pistol and rifle. After thanking the innkeeper profusely, Luke mounts his horse and begins his trip back to find Nate.
Luke is still smiling as he goes through the woods to dodge the troops at the crossroads on his way to meet Nate hiding just beyond the checkpoint.
Nate hears the rustling of the leaves as someone approaches from the direction of the road. All he can find for protection is a stick of wood from a nearby tree. Hiding, he waits for whoever is coming. His plan is to lay in wait behind a big elm tree. As the intruder passes close-by he is going to slam the chunk of wood into his skull as hard as he can swing, hoping to kill him. The footsteps grow louder, a few more steps and Nate will be able to strike. Nate raises the piece of wood above his head with both hands it is now or never!
“Nate,” Luke whispers, “Nate!”
Lowering his arms Nate voice quivers as he speaks, “T-T-Thanks the good Lord it’s you Luke,” looking towards the heavens he continues his prayer, “Thanks you Lord!”
“Nate, saddle your horse and let’s walk them out of here for a mile or two before mounting to ride. I have a good supply of food; all we need now is to get away from the soldiers at the roadblock and head south again. We’ll camp a little farther down the trail.”
After a mile or so they mount and begin to ride. Nate turns to Luke, “I’m sorry ‘bout your grandpappy’s watch Luke, I knows it meant a lot to you to swap it fer our food.”
“Well, I have some good news! I still have Pappy’s watch. I ran upon another Gettysburg son of the South. He provided us the food at no cost. He wouldn’t take my pocket watch in trade. Nate, you won’t believe this; he also gave us a pistol. I have it stuck right here in this holster I’m wearing. I think our luck is finally turning.” With these last words, Luke calls to Nate, “Heads up!” Luke pulls the rifle from its saddle holster and pitches the Spencer to Nate. “The pistol wasn’t all he gave us!”
Nate grabbed the rifle with one hand and began to admire the rifle’s beauty – from the walnut stock to the plum color metal in its trigger action. “Luke, I’ve hear’d tell about sech rifles, but I’s never put much stock in them bein’ real. And right here in my own black hands is far shore one of them, well I’ll be!” Luke couldn’t keep from admiring the rifle as he rubbed his hands up and down its barrel and stock saying again, “Well I’ll be!”
Luke explained that the innkeeper told him if they skirted the main stagecoach road to Knoxville their next major obstacle would be the Cumberland Mountains, roughly seventy-five to one-hundred miles distance; from the Cumberlands to Knoxville was another hundred miles. Luke thinks since they were getting deeper and deeper into Confederate territory they should see less and less of the Yankees. Maybe they can pick their speed up from five miles a day to ten miles a day if so they might reach the mountains in about a week.
“One more important thing I found out Nate, the area from Lexington to the Cumberlands is crawling with bandits. The innkeeper warned they rob and kill Yankees as readily as they kill Rebels. We will take four-hour shifts sleeping just to be on the safe side. One of us will pull guard duty, while the other sleeps.”
They stayed away from the main road and still only traveled at night. Each day, as they slept, one of them was always on guard with the Spencer rifle. At daybreak a few days later they could see the smoky gray outline of the Cumberland Mountains to their southeast. They were deep into Kentucky now and had not seen or heard a Yankee or the hint of any bandits. That night the weather turned colder. Luke thought it might be safe enough to build a fire. They boiled a pot of coffee with the last of their water except for a couple of mouthfuls in their canteens. Tate sliced off some of the cured ham and they enjoyed the first good meal they had eaten in a long time. It was a few days before Christmas.
Next morning they took the risk to travel during the day. Being able to see where they are going doubled their speed. Luke guessed at the rate they are moving they should reach the mountains sometime late the next day.
Luke is right, as night falls the following day they made camp in the woods a couple of hundred yards from the coach road, a road, which winds its way across the mountain. It is the only route through these mountains for a score of miles in either direction.
“Nate, you and I must make a decision before we begin our trek across this mountainous wilderness. We can follow this coach road, which, by far will be the easiest and fastest. However, this way will probably get us captured, or we can dead reckon a path through the woods, which will be safer. Blazing a trail will be much harder and will take at least an extra two weeks. Nate, I want your opinion. I do not want to make this decision alone.”
“Luke you know I don’t know nothin’ about sech thangs.”
“All right Nate, let’s do it fairly,” Luke reaches down on the ground and picks up a long straw. He separates it in to one long and one short piece, arranges them between his thumb and index finger. “Nate you pull one - short we use the stagecoach road - long we go across the mountain. Is that fine with you?”
Nate nods his head and pulls a straw – it is the long one. “Okay,” says Luke, “that settles it, we’re fixin’ to stomp ourselves across these old Cumberland Mountains. We leave out at first light tomorrow morning, but before we begin climbing these hills and hollows, I’d like to have another good taste of coffee. If I’ve got it figured right, it’s a few days before Christmas. We can call it a Christmas present to us both. We will break out the hardtack, and by the Grace of our Lord in honor of his birthday we’ll even put a pinch of sugar in our coffee. Guard the camp Nate and I will find a spring or creek nearby to fill our canteens.”

THE ‘BANDIT’

Luke rides off and disappears into the forest of old growth elm, oak, birch, and pine. Nate un-saddles his horse, plops the saddle blanket and saddle on the ground. Later this will become his bed. Firewood, to build a fire, is plentiful, so it isn’t long before Nate has the bacon fried and everything ready for supper – just as soon as Luke returns with the coffee water.
Nate worn out from the day’s ride settles down on his saddle blanket, using the saddle as his pillow. He thinks maybe someday the smell of leather and horse sweat won’t be the last smell he experiences before going to sleep. His old slouch hat, found at Gettysburg, with its wide brim, is pulled down over his eyes. He believes he can catch a few winks before Luke returns.
He nods off, almost asleep when he hears the slight sound of a twig breaking - he is now wide-awake! Someone is trying to sneak up on him. Fortunately, that big old .56 caliber Spencer is snuggly pressed against his stomach. He slowly slips his finger on the trigger and gently cocks the hammer. The rifle is loaded, cocked and ready to fire. He doesn’t move. He wants to give the impression he is fast asleep to whoever is trying to sneak into his camp. His ears strain to determine the direction of the footsteps. They are coming from his right, good; he can squint through his eyes, and get a good look at the intruder before he gets close, besides the barrel of the Spencer is pointed in that direction too. 
The ‘bandit’ is close enough Nate can see his outline at the outer limit of the fire’s light. Slowly, step by step the hunched over figure approaches Nate as he ‘slept.’
As the man draws closer to the fire, Nate springs from his horse blanket, points the Spencer at the stranger and demands, “Don’t you move a nuther step or I’m fixin’ to scramble yer brains all over God’s creation!”
“Please Mister! Please don’t shoot, I mean you no harm. I see you is a Yank by the looks of yer clothes and that theres a Union repeater rifle ain’t it?”
“What if I is a Yank whos you side with?”
“Mister, I don’t have a dog in this fight – I’m not Union or Confed, I’m a prospector – gold ain’t blue or gray, it’s yeller.”
“Yank or Reb, what you doin’ slippin’ ‘round here in the dark? Don’t you know that’s a good way to git yerself kilt?”
Nate could see this ‘bandit’ was an old man, with a back bent over from years and years of heavy toil, limping on a bad knee. A dirty, wide-brimmed hat with the front brim turned up and secured with a pen covered what little gray hair he had left on his head. A guitar was slung over one shoulder. This War aged people beyond their years, so guessing his age is useless. He has a face full of whiskers that have already turned to the color of snow, and a chew of tobacco stuck in his jaw big enough to choke a hog. ‘Nah,’ thought Nate; ‘this old fellow means me no harm.’ 
“I saw yer fire and smelt the bacon and though I might come in to git warm and maybe a bite to eat. My name’s Billy Jefferson, Old Bill as most calls me,” he said spitting. “I’m a prospector, been at it near on fifty years now. I’ll strike it rich one of these days. I keep telling myself that mother lode is jest around the next bend in the creek.”
“Billy Jefferson, ye say? I got me a brother called Tom Jefferson, but his ’en is Thomas Jefferson Scarburg. We jest call him Jefferson. You alone Mr. Jefferson?” Before Old Bill could answer, “Pull up a chunk of wood to sat on and warm yerself close to the far.”
“No, it’s jest Old Bill, and I’m alone, well I suppose I ought to count my burro Lucky, and my horse Brownie. Never could keep a real partner, they sez I’m too ornery. Don’t know why I call her ‘Lucky’ she ain’t never led me to an ounce of gold, and Brownie, well her color speaks fer itself. You alone too Mr... Mr... I didn’t catch yer name.”
“Didn’t throw it, but since yer askin’ mines Nate...Nate Scarburg. My partners out fetching water sos I can bile us some coffee.”
“You fellers usin’ them parched corn kernels fer coffee?”
“No sirree bob, we got the real thang. Coffee jest like we had afore the War...” Nate slowed for a moment thinking back to the good old days before this awful War began. His home in South Carolina and his Ma, Pa and brother in Alabama... “Uh, what was I sayin’?”
Before Old Bill could answer, a noise comes from the brush. Was it Yankees, bandits, or bushwhackers? The fire is burning brightly; it is too late to hide or put out the fire. Nate says nervously to Old Bill, “That’s probly my partner coming now,” Nate slowly wraps his fingers around the trigger of the Spencer and begins to point it towards the sound. He quietly adds, “I hope!” Shouldering the rifle to fire, he says again,  “Halt! Halt, or I’s gonna shoot! I’s got me a gun, and I know how to use it!”
“Hold on there Nate! It’s me Luke.”
Luke, walks his horse into the campsite, dismounts and slowly moves toward the fire. “We got company Nate?”
“Yes sir, this here’s Billy Jefferson goes by Old Bill, he’s looking for that chance to git rich in these here hills with gold. Sez he gonna find that mother lode someday.”
 Tipping the brim of his hat Luke replies, “It’s my pleasure Mr. Jefferson.”
“Hope you don’t mind me buttin’ into y’all’s camp, but I seen that fire and was wantin’ to git my old bones warmed up. Nate here tells me y’all got some real, gen-u-wine coffee. He invited me to a cup and laws a mercy, I ain’t put my lips to no real coffee in... in... ain’t that a shame, I’ve done got so old I don’t remember the last real coffee I’ve had.”
“Nate’s right Mr. Jefferson, we do have real coffee, and it would be a pleasure to have you join us for supper. And you’re not old, you have just mellowed some.”
“Well thanks, but nobody calls me Mister, if you don’t mind it’s just Old Bill.”
Later after eating, while leaning back against a tree Luke smells the sweet coffee aroma coming from his cup, takes another sip and speaks to Old Bill. “Hope you enjoyed the meal? Coffee, bacon and beans make pretty good eating’.”
“Yes Sir, y’all don’t know how much I enjoyed that meal; it’s been a while since I et so good, and it’s been a pretty long spell since I had any bacon. If I jest had a chaw of tobaccy, it will be perfect.”
“Sorry, Old Bill, but I don’t have any tobacco, but Nate might give you a chaw of his plug.”
Old Bill glanced down at the Union blue horse blanket Luke had spread on the ground for his bed. He couldn’t help but notice the prominent white general’s stars sewn in the corners. He had also spied the U.S. brands on both Luke and Nate’s horses.
“You fellows Yanks?”
“Why would you ask?” Luke replies.
“Well, you see I don’t take sides with the North or South in an open fight, but I see from y’all’s gear you fellers must be Yankees.”
“I guess it isn’t going to hurt to tell you – no, Nate and I are not Yankees, we’re Southerners through and through. Our horses and saddles belong to a cavalry unit just out of Cincinnati. We figured they had a bunch of them and wouldn’t miss just a couple, but Nate,” chuckles Luke, “just had to get the General’s horse and tack. The Union Army conscripted Nate in to the Yankee Army as a muleskinner. A while back those Yanks killed his wife and son, so he’s run off from the blue-bellies and trying to get back home. I was captured at Gettysburg but escaped, mine’s a long story.”
Grinning, Old Bill answers, “Now I get it. Sure, glad to hear that. It’s the truth I don’t openly favor either side, but I have a strong leaning to the South.” Old Bill said wiping his brow with his handkerchief.
“Old Bill can I ask you a question?”
“A question, for me? Shore nuff, what could I know that would interest you?”
“Could you give me a little bit of information? For instance, what would be our best route to take to get over these mountains and on to Knoxville?”
“As fer as gittin’ over this mountain, of course, the best way is the Wilderness Road, the one Dan’el Boone laid out, but those Yankees keep a close eye on it. It’s ‘bout the only way to git a wagon over these mountains. It runs right smack through the Cumberland Gap that’s where them Yanks will be, but I know another trail that leads from here plumb to the other side. Those Yanks don’t know about it tho’, so y’all will be safe usin’ it. Safe as fer as meeting Yanks, but I wouldn’t advise trying to go over this mountain in the winter. It’s fer too dangerous.”
 “We’ll take the risk, will you show us where the trail begins?”
Old Bill readily agreed, with one stipulation: he was traveling in the same direction and wanted to accompany Luke and Nate across the mountain. 
“Shore nuff Old Bill be happy to have you throw in with us,” Nate answers.
Luke invites the old prospector to bed down beside the fire and after breakfast they will all start out across the mountain at first light.
All three lie down on their saddle blankets and within a few minutes Old Bill is jarring the ground with his snoring. Luke waits another hour, slips quietly over to Nate. Places his hand over Nate’s mouth, scaring him almost to death. “Shh,” whispers Luke removing his hand and placing his index finger over his lips indicating for Jake to be quite. Motioning with his hand for Nate to follow they slip away from the fire into the cover of the brush nearby.
“By gosh Luke, what you tryin’ to do, plum done smother me to death to death?”
“Shh, quite Nate. I want to talk about Old Bill. I don’t believe he is whom he says he is.”
“What you mean Luke?”
“He says he is a prospector. Did you see a pick or shovel on his pack animal? No, me neither, and did you notice that Arkansas Toothpick knife he ate his supper with?” 
“Luke, yeah I seen it, but perzackly what is one of them tooth picky knives?”
“An Arkansas Toothpick is just the name of a heavy dagger with a 12-inch pointed, straight blade. The knife is balanced and weighted for throwing, but its best use is for thrusting and slashing in a fight. I don’t think a prospector would need a blade like that, and did you notice his hands – they do not seem rough enough for someone who has recently been using a pick and shovel all day.”
“What you saying Luke?”
“Remember what that innkeeper told me about this road? He said this road is a good place to run upon cutthroats and thieves. I believe it was no accident that Billy Jefferson, Old Bill or whoever his name, found us. I believe he’s working with those outlaws! Slip back over to your blanket, but keep one eye on our guest. I don’t trust Old Bill, so tomorrow don’t let on we suspect him. Let him make the first move. Get some rest, we’ll leave at first light.”
 
UP THE MOUNTAIN TRAIL

An hour or so before sunup Old Bill is already up packing his gear on Lucky, his burro. Nate had rustled up a load of firewood and Luke has a pot of coffee brewing over the fire. The smell of its aroma is delightful. A light rain is falling, not hard rain, just enough to make a wretched, cold day in December more miserable.
Later as he sits around the campfire sipping on his coffee and nibbling on hardtack Old Bill explains the ordeal they are about to undertake. He tells how the trail over the mountain is hazardous with cliffs that drop hundreds of feet in certain places. In others, a horse and rider can barely squeeze through the tight opening between the rocks. He mentions the weather. Old Bill reminds Luke and Nate that it is December. December means snow, and the rain clouds here in the valley are beginning to get dark and thicker. The sky, he says, indicates snow is not far off. He expects the light rain they are experiencing down here will be snow up on the mountain. He suggests they load up and get started as soon as possible.
Once all three men are mounted they ride down the valley at the base of the mountain for a mile or so. Old Bill, in the lead, suddenly takes a sharp left turn and disappears between the widespread limbs of two large cedar trees. The limbs effectively hide the trail.
Nate had been keeping his eye on the area to his right and did not see Old Bill vanish. He looks ahead and discovers he and Luke are alone. “Luke! What happened to Old Bill? Where did he go?”
Luke slows and allows Nate to catch up, “Hush up Nate! Someone will hear. He turned between them cedars up yonder.” Luke said putting a heel to his horse. Luke’s horse begins to gallop forward toward the evergreens Nate follows. Both men rein their mounts left into the grove of cedars. They see a trail. A few hundred feet to their front is Old Bill on a narrow trail that is beginning to ascend the mountain. The rain is beginning to turn to snow. For the next few hours, all three men wind and weave the horses and burro up the steep incline. All along, the farther they go up the mountain, the harder the snow falls. It appears there must be at least a couple of inches of snow on the ground. 
Luke signals, “Bill! Old Bill!” The old prospector hears Luke and waits for him to approach. Luke explains the snow is getting harder, and the trail is becoming treacherous. He asks Old Bill for advice. Bill answers saying he knows of a cave up the trail they can use to get in out of the weather. They can reach it in another hour or two if their mounts can stay on the slippery trail.
Old Bill was right and wrong – he was correct there was a cave ahead where they could seek shelter, but he was wrong, it has taken nearly four hours getting to it! The snow has accumulated to the depth of about six inches or better and is getting deeper by the minute. Finding the cave in this blizzard was more luck than skill. It is almost impossible to see less than a few feet to their front. The snow is coming down fast and furious, with flakes half the size of silver dollars, and the wind must be approaching forty miles per hour. Luke and Nate have never seen such a snowfall.  
 
KAY MANN

Reaching the cave’s entrance Luke marveled at the small size of the opening. The cave’s mouth is just large enough to get the horses and burro inside, but he is amazed upon entering at the cave’s interior size – it is huge. He reasons a full-size house could sit within the enormous cavern. However, it wasn’t the size of the cave that concerns him – far back in the rear recesses he sees a fire and a lone person kneeling close to its crackling flames. A bay mare stands off to his side. Who is this man and what is he doing up here on the side of this mountain, is the question that concerns him?
 Luke reaches with his right hand and slips the leather loop from the hammer of his pistol. He walks his horse across the vastness of the cave toward the individual but does not remove his hand from his sidearm. Nate slides the rifle from his saddle, cocks the hammer back to half-cock and follows behind with his finger, resting lightly on the trigger.
About halfway across the cavern the noise from the horse’s hooves against the clay floor alerts the stranger at the fire. He turns to face them. Luke begins to pull the Colt from its holster; Nate draws the Spencer’s trigger back in to full-cock firing position. They are watching for the least bit of movement of the stranger’s right hand toward his gun. Within a second or two either the stranger or one of them is going to be dead – it just depends on who is the faster with their gun.
“Howdy fellers, get offa your horses and come on down to my fire,” motions the stranger. “I’ve got a good hot pot of coffee brewing; it’s roasted corn kernels, but it’ll warm your innards. From your looks you could use it.” 
Luke, Nate, and Old Bill slowly move toward the fire, still unsure if this person is friend or foe. “Put your horses over there next to my bay she’ll never mind. I’ve got a rope stretched to use as a hitch, you’re welcome to use it.”
Dismounting and carefully keeping an eye on the man at the fire Luke walks from his horse toward him – his fingers still gripping his .44, he still does not know what to make of this person.
“Come closer, I’ve got a real good fire going. I was most froze to death when I stumbled upon this place. I believe I have traveled over this mountain a dozen times using that trail and never once have I noticed this cave. Wouldn’t have this trip neither, but as me and Nellie, oh, Nellie’s my horse, got close to the cave’s mouth I felt the warm air rushing out, and here I am.”
Luke walks closer, still apprehensive, still on guard. Once he got within a few feet Luke inquired as to who the stranger is and what is he doing out here on this mountain in a driving snowstorm.
“Well, first off my names Kay Mann, yeah my Ma wanted a girl, I’ve just learned to live with it. I see you fellers are Yanks. Well, as least you are young feller,” Kay said indicating Luke. “I ain’t exactly figured the black one out, his clothing is half Yank and half Confed. And you Old Timer you must’a fought with them Israelites when they escaped with Moses from Egypt,” he said laughing.
Limping up hurriedly, “Now you look here you young whippersnapper, I can fight my weight in mountain lions and bite the head offa rattlesnake. Don’t you be callin’ me old – I’ve jest... jest... what’s that you said Luke? Oh yeah, I’ve jest mellowed some. Dadburn if I weren’t so pert near froze I’d jest whoop you right here and now!”
“Sorry! Sorry friend, I didn’t mean no harm; it was just in fun. Who are you fellers anyhow? Yanks? Rebs? Deserters? It don’t make me no never you mind anyhow you understand.”
Luke answers, “Mr. Mann we are, well me and Nate are Rebs all right, but Moses here,” Luke grinned, “he’s kind of neutral. To be exact though, Nate was impressed in to Union service from North Carolina as a wagon driver and forced to bury the dead. I was a Yank prisoner and me and Nate escaped together.”
“Rebs is fine; I work for the Yanks, but my heart is with the South. Ole Nellie slipped a few years back, and I broke my leg, never did get it set back just right. I tried to jine up with the ‘federates, but they wouldn’t have me. Said I’d be more use carrying the Yankee mail. You see I am the mail rider for these mountains. I usually make my last run across in early December, but news is a breaking, and I knowed people wanted information about their kin.”
Luke pounced on the mail rider for news. “Tell us! Tell us, what news is there of the War? We have heard nothing.”
Kay explained that he carried the mail back and forth from the south of Lexington to Knoxville making the round trip about once every two months. If he found any letters that might be of use to the Southern cause, he would turn them over to a Confederate undercover agent at Knoxville.
“Enough talk, please Sir tell us the news!”
Kay went on to explain the Yankees have a general by the name of Grant that has taken Vicksburg. “In effect,” the mail-rider continued, “cutting the South’s main line of supply – the Mississippi River.”. 
“Fellers I’m afeared the South has lost this here War. All, that’s goin’ on now, is Yankee Carpetbaggers robbing the South. Thieves and outlaws are taking what remains. That’s why I’m using this back trail instead of the main road. Them outlaws waylay practically everyone traveling the old Wilderness Road, even the mail riders. What’s y’all’s story?”
Before Luke begins to explain their situation he speaks to Nate, “Would you mind getting the food bag out of your saddlebag? Nate, it must be close to Christmas, bring all the other vittles too. We’re going to have us a good old fashion Christmas supper.” Luke reaches over the fire picks up Kay’s coffee pot and pours the contents on the floor of the cave.
“Whoa, there feller, what you doin’? That’s my coffee you’re flinging out!”
“Be patient for just a spell and we’ll have you some ‘real’ coffee.”
They fried beans sliced off some salt-cured ham and opened up hardtack and washed it all down with freshly brewed coffee. They ate until they could eat no more. Sitting around the fire Kay was the first to speak, “Fellers, I’ve had many a Christmas dinner in my life. I thought I had some good’ens, but I believe this is the best ever. Thanks, thank you for lettin’ me share a part of this Christmas with you all.”
“Hang on for just a minute,” Luke says as he gets up and walks toward the cave entrance. In a couple of minutes, he returns with a four-foot top section of a cedar tree covered in snow. Back at the fire he shakes the snow off and props up the little cedar with a couple of big rocks. He takes a scrap of paper from his pocket, tears it in to small pieces and uses it to decorate the ‘Christmas Tree.’ Nate finds a couple of odd looking sticks to hang on a limb or two, Old Bill removes some string from Lucky’s halter and Kay removes a couple of old, used stamps from some undelivered letters. They now have themselves a honest-to-goodness Christmas tree.
“Old Bill, if I may, would you lend me your guitar?” 
Luke strums on the strings, tightening one string and loosening another, humming as he goes through the musical chords until the guitar sounds just right. He then starts strumming a tune. At first he is a little rusty, it has been a long time since he held a musical instrument. He picks a few notes, and stops then starts over, picks a few more, then starts playing and softly singing, ‘Hark the herald angels sing...’ the others all join in singing:

 ‘Hark the herald angels sing, 
Glory to the newborn King! 
Peace on earth and mercy mild 
God and sinners reconciled. 
Joyful, all ye nations rise 
Join the triumph of the skies 
With the angelic host proclaim: 
"Christ is born in Bethlehem" 
Hark! The herald angels sing 
"Glory to the newborn King!’

Luke continues to play all the Christmas carols he knows, ‘Deck the Halls,’ ‘Oh Come all Ye Faithful,’ ‘It came upon a Midnight Clear’ and ends with the uplifting song ‘Jingle Bells.’
“That was wonderful Luke,” Old Bill said, with the flames of the fire glistening off a tear in the corner of his eye, “That sure brought back some good old memories. If I jest had me some eggnog with jest a touch of grandpa’s moonshine in it, this Christmas would be complete.”
“Ahem, ahem,” Kay clears his throat.
Luke sets the guitar down looks to the mail-rider and asks, “Did you wish to say something Mr. Mann?”
“If someone were to take a peek in my left-side saddlebag, there might be something in there besides the mail. Of course, I could not allow anyone to open a saddlebag belonging to the U.S. Mail, but if I was not looking I suppose I’m not responsible.”
The last vowel had barely exited Kay’s mouth as Luke bounds to Nellie. Opening the saddlebag he sees a few letters and a small leather pouch big enough to hold a little Christmas cheer. Back at the campfire, Kay still has his back turned to his horse. He turns and announces, “Oh, I see you have a leather pouch, you know there might be a bottle of snakebite remedy in there. For use in cases of emergency only, of course, you understand.”
Luke opens the pouch – inside indeed was a bottle of Kentucky bourbon whiskey, a small bottle of ink, a pen and a few pieces of folded writing paper. He removes the bottle and begins to pass it around the circle, each taking a long drink. Kay takes the bottle from Nate saying, “Darn it; I believe a rattlesnake jest bit me! I need a sip of that life-saving medicine Nate.” Kay takes a swig, laughs and passes it to Luke. Luke takes a drink, “Darn rascal done bit me too!”
Luke hands the bottle back to Old Bill and addresses Kay, “I see you carry some writing material in your saddlebag. What is its purpose?”
“Oh,” says Kay, “many postal customers on my route do not have ink or paper, but have a desire to communicate with some dear one far away, usually in the army. I give them a chance to do so. Sometimes I have to write the letter myself, ‘cause they can’t read or write.”
“Would you allow me to do the same Kay? I would like to write a letter to my mother, if you would post it when you get down the mountain.”
“Of course, help yourself.”
 
December 25, (or there-a-bouts), 1863

My Dear Mother,

Merry Christmas to you and all my brothers and sisters, I hope this finds you well and in good health. I know I have been gone a long time and have written you many times, but must inform you that I have never received a post from you or from any of my friends at home.
I write to you from a cave somewhere in Kentucky where we have sought shelter from a raging blizzard, I have recently been imprisoned by the Yankees but have escaped and am headed home. If all goes well Nate, yes that is correct, Nate is with me, we should reach Albertville in a couple of months.

My love to all,

Your loving son,

Luke 

p.s.
Nate says tell his Ma, Pa and brother Jefferson, he is well and will see them soon.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR 
Christmas Eve on the Farm 

Albertville, December 24, 1863

Dearest Husband,

It is Christmas Eve, and this will be our second Christmas apart. Oh, how I have missed you. Since you and the boys left in ’62, I have not received one word from any of you. I hope and pray you, and my two darling boys, Luke and Matthew are still alive and doing well. You understand I know nothing of the working of the military, but I do not know why you or the boys can never post me a letter. Surely writing letters are not secrets...are they?? Maybe you cannot tell me where you are, that I can understand, but please just get word to me, somehow, that you are alive.  

When I get to town, I always check the casualty lists posted on the telegraph office’s wall, but as yet, thankfully I have never seen your name or the boys. Each post I send I try to keep you up to date with the family, I am pleased to say all is well. I don’t know what I would have done without Sary though. I don’t remember if I told you or not, but after Uncle Jed and Jefferson were killed we buried them out by the large red oak tree. William and Isaac set up a nice picket fence around the plot of ground. It looks almost like the little cemetery we left at Scarlett Plantation in Carolina where little Paul and the rest of our family are buried. I put them next to Margaret. I hope that was right by you. Tom Henry found some nice flat rocks down beside Hog Creek and etched their names on them. I think you would have been proud.

Until I see you here on Earth or in Heaven, I will always be
 
Your loving wife, Malinda

Finishing her letter Malinda speaks to William, “William it is Christmas Eve, this year take Thomas Henry out to the back pasture and look along the fence line. Cut us a beautiful cedar Christmas tree.” 
“But Mama,” argued William, “Tom Henry is too young! I’ll have to do all the work – find a tree, cut it down and then drag it back to the house. Let me at least take Isaac, he’ll be of some help, and besides Tom Henry will probably chop his leg off with the ax.”
Malinda placing her pen back in the inkwell turns to William gives him a stern look and explains, “Thomas Henry has never had the pleasure of a Christmas tree cutting. I suggest to gain experience Thomas Henry you should be the one to choose the ‘perfect’ tree. William, you can cut it, thereby saving Thomas Henry’s leg, and you both can take turns pulling it back to the house.” Still speaking to William, “Someday the responsibility will fall on Thomas Henry, and he needs to learn from his older brother.”
Still grumbling William storms out the front door. Tom Henry follows with a grin that stretches from ear to ear. By the time he reaches the steps William is in the yard waiting. 
“All right, if you’re goin’ we need the ax and a rope from the barn. Go get them!”
“Right, William,” Tom Henry begins to run toward the barn door. He enters the barn; William sits down on the front steps expecting him back quickly. Thomas Henry’s ‘quickly’ turns in to a couple of minutes. William begins to get worried and starts to the barn himself just as Tom Henry comes riding out on Blaze. He is carrying an ax and rope.
“What the...! What are you doing Tom Henry, we can’t take Blaze.”
“Sure we can, you know I have never been Christmas tree hunting before, so I’m not supposed to know that we’re not allowed to take Blaze to drag the tree back. And besides Mama didn’t say anything about not using Blaze.”
William looks at his brother, the horse, the ax and the rope then nods his head, “Right! Right, stick with that story: you didn’t know nothin’ about taking the horse.” Jumping upon Blaze the two of them quietly ride off to the back pasture.
 
THE PERFECT TREE 

Riding double on Blaze across the pasture of knee high, green Rye grass William remembers back a few years when a neighbor told them about Winter Rye. At first he did not believe that grass could grow in the winter, but they tried it and sure enough, here it is. It is perfect forage for the cows, mules and horses, well for their one horse Blaze. “All right little genius find us that perfect Christmas tree, Tom Henry.”
William rides Blaze along the fence line knowing the area along this part of the pasture is the perfect place to find the young cedar trees. As they ride, Thomas Henry looks at first one then the other so far none of them meets with his approval. “Come on Tom Henry, pick one out, it’s cold out here, and we need to get a tree back to the house. Mama and the rest of the family are waiting for us to return.”
Back at the house Malinda has the rest of the family moving furniture away from the front window. She says this is an ideal spot for the tree. “All right everyone, I’m popping popcorn and we need to string it up to put on the tree. Mattie Ann you and Lizzie go up to the attic and bring down the box of Christmas ornaments. Sary, please get a needle and thread for the popcorn.” 
 The family is joyous and excited as they prepare to decorate the tree that William and Tom Henry should be back with shortly. Their hearts are on Christmas. They know there will be no presents, but this is the third year of this terrible War, and the spirit of Christmas giving has long since been forgotten.
Malinda hears the boys returning. Going to the front door she is just in time to see Thomas Henry leading Blaze back into the barn. She says nothing and returns to the rest of the family in the parlor.
Grabbing the tree, William and Tom Henry carry it up on the porch and into the house. “Take it to the parlor room we’re going to put it in front of the large front window.”
Once they have the tree standing, Tom Henry steps back admiring the tree saying, “Well Mama what do you think, did I pick out a good one, or what?”
“Oh yes, Thomas Henry, that is a fine tree; in fact, it may be the best one we have had in years. Where did you find it?”
Still strutting his feathers, Tom Henry responds, “Why, we had to go plumb near the end of the fence line before I found this fine tree.”
“The end of the fence line, huh? Thomas Henry that’s a long way to go, especially for you and William to drag this tree.” She looks the tree up and down, “why it’s nearly 8 feet tall, all the way from the back pasture to the house, huh?”
“Yes ma’am it is a long way.”
“Who did most of the dragging you or William?” William begins to inch his way toward the door and out of the room. “Where are you going William, the fun is just getting started.” 
“Yes ma’am that’s what I am afraid of.”
“Afraid of fun? Why boys, after that long trip, cutting down the tree and dragging it to the house all by yourselves, you should just sit down and watch while we decorate the tree. You both need to rest, I’m sure you are tuckered out.”
“But Mother,” complained Tom Henry, “decorating the tree, that’s the best part.”
“You boys never did tell me which one of you worked the hardest dragging the tree home. Was it you William?” William said ‘no’ with his head almost touching his chest. “Then it must have been you Thomas Henry?”
Tom Henry, head bowed, thought for a second then responded, “No Mama, it wasn’t me either, I can’t lie. I took Blaze, and he was the one that drug the tree home. It was me not William. William told me not to take Blaze, and I took her anyway. If a whupping is acomin’ give it to me not to William.”
“Thank you son for not lying. Neither of you is getting a whipping; however, if one were needed now would be the time, but you told the truth, and I will overlook your disobedience this one time. 
“Boys, it’s not that I care about the use of Blaze – she is big and strong, pulling a Christmas tree will not test her strength in the least. I do not want you to use the horse at night because you are working close to the bluff and in the dark, many things can frighten a horse causing her to run away. Of course, you two would chase after her and probably fall over the cliff. You see, without the horse you have less chance to get hurt. It is both of you boys that I care about, not the horse.
“All right that is enough chastisement, after all it is Christmas. Thomas Henry, William get over here and help us decorate this tree, and don’t let me catch you eating all the popcorn either.”
In a while, the tree was covered with ornaments, all homemade, but it was wonderful. “Mama, let’s sing Christmas carols.”
Mattie Ann asks, “Mama do you suppose, Papa, Luke, and Matthew will be home next Christmas to decorate the tree and sing carols?”
Malinda did not answer.
Moving to the piano Malinda pulls out the stool and comments, “It’s been a while since I played.” She began, and the others joined in:

‘Hark
the herald angels sing, 
Glory to the newborn King! 
Peace on earth and mercy mild 
God and sinners reconciled. 
Joyful, all ye nations rise 
Join the triumph of the skies 
With the angelic host proclaim: 
"Christ is born in Bethlehem." 
Hark! The herald angels sing 
"Glory to the newborn King!’

Little did Malinda know at that very moment in a distant cave in Kentucky her wonderful son Luke was picking the same tune on his guitar? She thought of the words of the song, ‘Peace on earth’... Will we ever see peace again?’

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
The Letter Home 

December 24, 1863

Dear Wife and Children,

I take this Christmas Eve opportunity to inform you that, through the goodness and mercy of God, I am permitted to tell you that I am well at this time, and I hope and pray that these lines may find you and the children well and doing well. I have written about my friend Ben, he is not getting better, and I fear for the worse.  I can inform you that I have not received a letter from you since arriving in this despicable place. I never wanted to hear from you as much in my life. I have written dozens of letters to you since I got here. I cannot tell the reason why I don't get your letters. Surely you must have written.
As to the times here, they are bad enough. We have the coldest weather I ever felt. It rains, sleets, and snows. We have mud in abundance. It is just like living in a hog pen. We are nearly on starvation. I draw one tin cupful of cornmeal a day. They pile it loosely and struck off at that, and a half-pound of beef, bone and all. I don't think that we can stand it much longer. I buy one dollar’s worth of meal a day, and I don't have nearly enough at that. I have to pay a dollar for a tin cupful, and I am always hungry.
Our duties are hard. I have to go on a work detail every other night. I have to stay up all night in the cold and smoke. I get so hungry that it makes me sick. I stand it much better than I thought I could, but I don't know how long I will hold out at it. The reason they don't feed us any better may be they cannot get it. I told you last letter that I thought this Confederacy was on its last legs. I think that they are nearly worn out. We have but one slender railroad to bring us supplies, and I fear the supplies are not in the country to be had. There is a great talk of peace now here. Peace, peace, is all the talk there is. It is said that commissioners from Richmond leave for Washington, to negotiate peace measures. I hope and pray that the Good Lord will guide and direct them by wisdom from on high so they may bring this cruel war to a close, for if ever I wanted anything in my life or prayed for anything, it is that I may be delivered from this cruel war and return home to you, so we may spend the remainder of our days in peace and happiness together in serving the Lord.
I think that if I could get home to stay I would be the most thankful and happiest man in the world. But if our leading men do not stop this war, I think our soldiers will desert this army that they intend to quit and go home. They will not stand it much longer.
We all know that we are badly whipped, and the matter cannot be concealed any longer. Our men are deserting daily and going over to the Yankees, but I hope and pray that, by the first of March, we will have peace. I have more hope of peace now than I ever had since the war began. One thing is starvation. Our men cannot and will not stand it much longer.
I want you to write to me soon. Write how you are getting along and making out. I have a great many more things that I would like to write you, but I have not room. I would write to all of my friends if they sent me some paper.
I tell you this is a wretched place here. Flour is one thousand dollars a barrel. Of course, that’s in Confed money.
Give my love to all of my friends. Tell them to write to me, and I will write to them. I want them all to remember me in their prayers that I may be sustained and protected. Oh, may I soon get to return to you and may God in His infinite goodness and mercy bless you and the children and spare us to each other again. 

I remain your affectionate husband.

To Mattie Ann and Thomas Henry and all:

Dear Children,

Pa wants to see you the worst he ever did. I do not know what I would give to come home and live with you all again. You must be good children and help Ma do everything. You must pray every day to the Good Lord to take care of us all and keep us alive, and He is able and will do it. You must remember Pa for he loves you all too good to ever forget you. You must take good care of little Elizabeth for me, bless her, Pa does want to see her so bad. I want you all to write to me. Pa can read your writing very well when you have good paper. Give my love to Sary, Jed, and Jefferson. I will write to them when I get the paper. Give my love to all and may God in His goodness bless you all.  Write soon and often.  
Your devoted husband,

Robert Scarburg

Robert placed the pen on the table and pondered why he hasn’t received any letters from his family. He has been at Point Lookout for months. It seems he should have at least received some correspondence. He has been worried for months – has the Yankees even notified his family that he is being held prisoner at this God forsaken place? Maybe, they think he is dead? If he could only get one letter to let him know how they are doing, he would feel so much better.
The flap of the tent flies open, and one of Robert’s friends informs him that he must come to the hospital tent at once. Ben is not doing very well and appears to be getting worse. Robert grabs the shredded remains of his coat throws it on and hurries out into the blowing snow.
Entering Ben’s tent, a group of soldiers have gathered, but there is complete silence. Robert approaches the bedside of Ben, who is semi-conscious, but still alive. “Ben, it’s me, your friend Robert,” he says taking one of Ben’s hands in his own. He is startled how cold is Ben’s hand, and one of his feet is sticking out from under the blanket – it is an ugly, bluish black color. “Hang in there Ben, you’re gettin’ better every day, why just a day or so ago I was tellin’ somebody how well you are gettin’ on. Can I get you something? Maybe a sip of water?” Grinning, “it’s good cold water!”
Barely above a whisper, “Robert you’ve been a...a good friend...pray for my soul and if you ever get home...tell...” he quietly stopped breathing with his eyes wide open. Robert reached over the bed and closed his eyes with his hand – Ben, his only friend in this dreadful, imprisoned world, was dead! 
Before Robert was merely miserable, now he is alone and totally miserable. Kneeling on the floor beside Ben’s bed Robert speaks, “There is no hope now, I will never survive this hell hole. I will never see home again. Ben was so much stronger than I if he could not withstand this place I do not have a chance. I am doomed!” One of the soldiers standing nearby pats Robert on the shoulder.
After the death of Ben, Robert’s will to survive is also killed. From that Christmas Eve night, Robert begins to lose all hope. Without hope, there is no will to keep on fighting to live. The loss of will kills the spirit to survive; the death of the spirit kills the soul. For Robert, all is lost. He sees no way out of this anguished torment but the sweet release of death.
Soon after Ben’s death, Robert’s health begins to deteriorate. He starts to sleep more and more each day. Some days he does not even get out of his bunk. Other tent mates bring him hardtack and bits of food they slip from the mess tent, but he will not eat. Occasionally he takes a small bite of food the men have rustled up, but mostly he just lies in his bunk.
Robert has given up! Death to him, he reasons, will now be a blessing.
If Robert’s spirit isn’t lifted, and soon, his friends believe the end of his time here on earth is quickly approaching. He is not long for this world. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX 
Down the Mountain Trail 

The day after Christmas arrives. High up on Cumberland Mountain the snow is still coming down hard and furious outside the cave. The fire is but smoldering embers. The cheer and companionship of the previous night are now replaced with moans, headaches and stomachs churning with the morning after a big drunk sickness. 
“Oh, my,” Nate says leaning against the side of the cave heaving his innards out. “Dear Lords, jest let me live and I’s swear I’s never gonna partake of that Devil’s brew again. On second thought, dear Lord jest lets me die right where I stand, here and now, and gets me outta my terrible misry!”
Luke is piling up the fire with fresh wood as Old Bill and Kay begin to stir from the spot where they had passed out the night before. The aroma in the cave is different, it is pleasant, it is the smell of hot coffee. Luke has the coffee pot boiling fresh coffee, thinking plenty of it is needed and needed not a minute too soon.
“All right you revelers get your drunken butts over here and get a fresh cup of coffee; it will make you feel better.”
“Dadgum,” says Nate, “whos could feel any worse?”
The hot java did make them feel better, and a little while later they are sitting around the warm fire, bend over, with most resting their heads in their hands. More than one has sworn off drinking for life. Luke looks to Kay and asks, “Kay you have just come from the far side of the mountain can you give me any advice after we get out of here what to expect?”
Sick, but Kay answers weakly, “Luke if you can get to the other side, about three-quarters of the way down the mountain y’all will come to a farm. The Babb family lives there. The man, who owns the farm, is originally from South Carolina and sides with the South – his name is Samuel Babb, and he will give y’all help.”
“Kay, how long before reaching the Babb place?”
“In good weather, about two weeks or so. For now, you’ll just have to wait out this blizzard and please Luke, no more questions.”

CAVE FEVER

For the better part of three weeks, the four men, Luke, Nate, Old Bill and the mail-rider Kay Mann live together in the cave almost to the top of the Cumberland Plateau. The snow finally stops falling, the sun is shining and the temperature is on the rise; however, the snow outside the cave’s entrance is nearly four feet deep, much too deep to try to venture down the narrow, mountain trail. They can do nothing but wait until some of the snow melts. During their stay in the cave, New Year’s Day came and went without much excitement – their frivolity on Christmas was enough to last them for a while. 
Luke has heard of ‘cabin fever,’ but he has never heard tell of ‘cave fever.’ He may not have heard the name, but he sure enough recognizes the feeling, so do all the others. They have to get outside. Being shut up in this hole is about to drive them crazy. It is nearing the end of week three when Luke announces he is leaving. He is going down the eastern side of the mountain! 
Old Bill protests saying it is too dangerous to try that trail with wet, melting snow. Luke argues he doesn’t care he is going, and if they want they can come along. If not, stay in the cave and continue looking at the rock walls, he’s out of there.
“I’m with Luke,” responds Kay. “The mail must go through. Oh, by the way, Luke, I’ll take care of that letter of yours and make sure it gets posted once I get to Lexington, don’t you worry. I send it to your mother in Alabama, for sure.”
Luke begins saddling his horse. He is about to throw the saddle over its back when Nate stands up and declares, “Oh what the blazes...we’s all got to die some time or nuther. Might as well be fallin’ off a cliff in someplace I ain’t never hear’d of I suppose.”
“Well, I’ll be dogged,” answers Old Bill, “you fellers ain’t leaving me behind, no sir’ree.”
Standing just inside the cave’s entrance, Kay Mann says good-bye to his recently acquired friends. All mount their horses, and Kay turns Nellie to the left on the snow-covered trail and heads down the western side of the Cumberland Mountains. The other three head uphill toward the eastern side. The snow is still deep. The footing for the burro and horses is perilous at best. One slip or false step by one of the animals, and it is over the edge they go, falling hundreds of feet to a horrible death in the canyons below. 
It is the end of January 1864 a new year. Luke thinks as they prod along the narrow trail – ‘what will this New Year bring? Will Nate and I ever get home?’ A more pressing question – ‘will we even survive this mountain?’

VOICES!

 They have spent almost a week reaching the summit and are beginning the winding path down the eastern side when they suddenly hear voices. It is men talking. The muffled sounds seem to be coming from below. Dismounting they slip close to the edge of the cliff, Luke sees the trail ahead makes a large left-hand horseshoe curve going down – these men are directly in their path and immediately below them. Whispering, “I count six men, how many do y’all see?”
“Luke, I counts six of ’um too. Do you suppose they be Yankees? They’s jest sitting around that campfire having themselves a good ole time.”
Before Luke can reply Old Bill answers, “Nah, them’s bandits. I didn’t want to let on before, but I have been ridin’ with them cutthroats fer the last few months. They’s aiming to take yer belongings, horses, and money and then they’s gonna murder y’all.”
“See, I told you Nate, I told you he wasn’t a prospector! He’s one of them good-for-nothin’ outlaws!”
“Nah! Nah you got it all wrong. You see I is a prospector, leastways I wuz, but like I’s said I’ve been working these mountains fer ages and had never found as much as a smidgen of gold. One day tho’ I wuz working this here creek bottom and I picked up the purtiest hunk of yeller gold that I have ever seed. 
“I had found the mother lode, but jest as I was fixin’ to start digging out more nuggets up rides them there outlaws right down here below us. Their leader is Jesse something or other; I jest ferget, but he tells me he’s gonna give me a choice: work fer them or die right where I wuz standin’. Well, now see here, where I were standin’ wuz my mother lode, and no sir’ree, I wasn’t fixin’ to die right there smack-dab in the middle of my fortune. Them outlaws had no idee what wuz in that creek. I knowed I could find it agin, so here we is – my job is to lead travelers, such as yerselfs, to them so as they can bushwhack you.”
“Old Bill, why are you telling us this now?”
“Fellers, since I met up with you and Nate and that mail-rider Kay feller I’ve done come to realize I’s wrong, gold or naught. Y’all has become my friends; I ain’t never had no friends, and I ain’t gonna let them murder you.”
The camp of Old Bill’s bandits is at the bottom of the horseshoe curve situated in a small canyon. The bluff Luke, Nate, and Old Bill are currently sitting on is on one side, and the snow-covered canyon wall is to the outlaws back on the other side. Luke questions Old Bill if there might be another way around the outlaws. 
He shakes his head, “The onliest way down this here mountain is right down this trail. If ’en yer want to try to try to save yer skins, you can cut across that yonder ridge and y’all will come to Cumberland Gap, but hit’s full of more cutthroats and Yankees than you can shake a stick at.  Luke I got y’all in this fix and I’m aimin’ to git y’all out.”

DYNAMITE

Nate had talked earlier of having a couple sticks of dynamite in his saddlebag. Old Bill says he believes he can get into their camp, get to talking and when they aren’t watching toss a stick of dynamite into the fire. He believes he will have enough time to get away from the ensuing, horrendous blast.
Luke tries to talk Old Bill out of such a crazy scheme, telling him he is going to get himself killed. “Once you throw that stick of dynamite into the fire it might immediately explode Old Bill. You probably won’t get two steps before it goes off. I can’t let you do such a foolish thing.”
“I can’t say yer arguments er wrong – do you still have any of that mail-rider’s paper left?”
“Yeah, and his ink and pen too. I forgot to give them back to Kay – you remember we were having a pretty big party that night! What do you want the paper for Old Bill.”
Old Bill explains Luke is probably right and he, in all likelihood, will not survive the explosion, so he wants to draw a map to his mother lode. He says if he gets blowed to pieces the gold strike belongs to Luke. He draws the map and hands it to Luke. “I want you to have this too, just to prove my gold strike exists.” He gives Luke a gold nugget that must weigh at least two or three ounces.
Again Luke, together with Nate try to dissuade Old Bill from the folly of blowing up the outlaws, but he has his mind made up and isn’t going to change. Nate goes to his horse, opens his saddlebag and withdraws a stick of dynamite and a small length of fuse, and hands it to Old Bill. Bill slips it inside his shirt and starts walking down the trail towards the bandits, leaving Lucky and Brownie with Luke and Nate. 
Luke and Nate crawl to the edge of the cliff and watch what is about to happen a few hundred feet below. At the first sight of Old Bill, the bandits spring to their feet and draw their six-shooters; however, as Bill approaches and is recognized, they holster their guns and all begin to talk. Some slap Old Bill on the back and laugh. It appears they also have their own jug of ‘rattlesnake medicine’ and are taking turns with the jug. In a while, the laughing and loud talk begins to quieten down, and all the bandits fall asleep. Old Bill sees his chance and tosses the dynamite into the fire and starts to run back up the trail toward Luke and Nate. A second passes then another. ‘Was the dynamite faulty?’ Thought Luke.
Suddenly they hear a hissing sound and BA-BOOM! The thunderous detonation reverberates off the walls of the narrow canyon. The resulting explosion apparently kills all the outlaws around the fire. All that is except for one. The bandit, that was spared, is running as fast as his boots will take him down the mountain, and he cuts across the ridge heading toward the Gap. What about Old Bill? Luke sees him limping along the trail - he wasn’t killed in the blast. Injured maybe, but Old Bill is still alive. 
“What is that noise Luke?” Nate said cocking his head to one side, “Hears it? That there rumbling sound? If’n I didn’t know better, I’d thank a train was a comin’.” Both Luke and Nate realize the sound is coming from the mountain above their heads and on the mountain behind the bandits. The roaring noise is snow! An avalanche of snow, trees, and rocks caused by the explosion of the dynamite is beginnings to cascade down both sides of the mountain into the confining canyon with the dead outlaws and Old Bill.

THE AVALANCHE

“Run Bill run!” Luke tries to yell above the noise of the avalanche.
Nate starts to run down the trail to meet him, but it is too late. The wall of snow, thousands and thousands of tons of it, fill the canyon, burying the bandits and sadly Old Bill too. Luke and Nate have a fine coating of the white, powdery flakes, but the main river of flowing snow spared them. 
It takes a few minutes before the snow settles, and Luke and Nate can once again begin to move down the trail. Around the horseshoe bend, they meet the mountain of snow that has buried Old Bill. “Luke, I sees no way ‘round this here pile of snow. We can’t gos over and we can’t gos back. What’s yer plan?”
 “To be honest Nate I don’t have a plan – I’m afraid Old Bill and our stick of dynamite have gotten us out of one fix in to another mess. He solved the outlaw problem all right, but he created another perplexing situation – this mountain of snow.”
“Reckon we’s can jest wait ‘til this here big pile of snow melts Luke?”
“Sure, we can Nate in a couple of months or more. Wait! Wait Nate you have another stick of dynamite, right?”
“Shore nuff Luke, I’s will gets it outta my saddlebag.” Excitedly Nate exclaims, “Man oh man, I can see youse done got us a plan!”
Luke tells Nate to take the animals back up the trail and get them out of harms way. He is going to put that stick of dynamite into the mountain of snow and see if he can blow a hole through it.
Running up the trail to Nate and the animals Luke hollers, “Fire in the hole!” He has no sooner said the words than the dynamite explodes with a resounding boom. Snow fills the canyon again covering Luke and Nate with another fine coat of powdered snow. Luke is afraid to look over the side of the cliff – summing up a little courage Luke creeps to the side and looks. “Oh my, oh my,” is all he can say. 
“What happened Luke, didn’t we do no good?”
Standing upon his feet Luke peers ito the canyon, “Do good? Do good you say? See for yourself Nate.”
Nate walks to the edge and looks down at the mountain of snow – what mountain of snow? The dynamite has blown a hole through the pile of snow, clean through, from one side to the other - the trail was open again. “My, my, Luke, it looks like when Noah opened that ole Red Sea...”
“Moses, it was Moses Nate,” Luke said slapping Nate on the back, grinning.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
The Samuel Babb Farm 
 
Luke and Nate spend the rest of the day searching through the snow trying to find Old Bill. But not only did they not find Old Bill’s body they did not even find a piece of anything belonging to him – no shoes, clothes or hat... nothing.
About an hour before dark they get back upon their horses and begin to lead Lucky and Brownie on farther down the backside of the mountain. “Luke, what are we’s to do now? We don’t have Old Bill to show us the way.”
 Luke explains to Nate the conversation he had earlier with the mail-rider Kay Mann. Mr. Mann told Luke that they must follow the trail down the mountain until they come to a farm about three-fourths of the way to the bottom. The mail-rider said a man by the name of Samuel Babb owns the farm. Samuel is a Southern sympathizer and will provide them a safe place to stop and rest.
Days later Luke and Nate trudge slowly along the trail, and once again another blizzard has set in. Luke is leading, head down, trying to shield his face from the blinding, wind-driven snow. Luke has tied a rope to his saddle, which leads to Brownie, from Brownie to Lucky the burro and Nate brings up the rear.
The bone chilling wind is whistling through the pines, Luke knows they must find shelter and find it fast – the temperature must be near zero. From the end of the rope, Nate yells, “Stop! Luke please dear Lord; we’s gots to stop. I’m nearly done froze to death. We needs to find shelter, please Luke!” Luke could hear Nate yelling, but he couldn’t understand what he was saying over the screaming of the ferocious, frigid wind. He pulls back on his reins and brings his horse to a stop, turns and walks it back to Nate. What he sees horrifies him, Nate’s beard is a mass of ice around his mouth. His old black face and slouch hat are covered white with ice and snow. He struggles to breathe. “P-P-Please,” Nate says shivering, “Please Luke, we gotta find a place to git outta this wind and snow, or we’s done fer!”
“You’re right Nate, and we must find shelter fast. We can’t last out here much longer.” Wait, what is that smell? There...there it is again. “Smell that Nate. Do you smell that?”
Nate looks at Luke as if Luke were crazy.
“Smoke, Nate. That’s smoke I smell. The wind is blowing smoke from a fire toward us. That’s got to be coming from the Babb farm. Come on Nate, hold on just a little longer, it can’t be too far now.”
Back in the lead Luke urges his horse on. Nate is right, even the animals know they cannot last much longer, “Come on,” Luke says to his mount while kicking his heels into her side. Slowly the horse begins to move. One step then another, the line to Brownie tightens and she begins to move also. ‘How far can they stay on their feet,’ thinks Luke? He stares in to the blinding snow – ‘is that a light I see in the distance? Yes, there it is again, it is a light!’ Turning in the saddle he hollers at Nate and points with his finger, “There’s the farm Nate, we’ve made it – hold on for just a few more minutes.”
Luke stops at the hitching rail in front of the house, falls from his horse and stumbles through the deep snow to the front door. He barely has the energy to pound on the door, ‘whomp, whomp, whomp,’ each strike with his fist is weaker and weaker. He thinks, ‘Does anyone hear me? Oh please, I have not the strength to pound again!’ He is beginning to collapse on the porch as the door begins to open.
“Lord have mercy!” Exclaims a young girl opening the door. “You men are almost frozen to death. Get yourself inside!” She yells to her brother, “Sam! Please help get these men into the house, and put their animals in the barn. Dry’em down and give’em some feed and water too while you are out there, please.” 
Later Luke and Nate are sitting around a roaring fireplace, wrapped in quilts and sipping hot, parched corn coffee spiked with a taste of white lighting. Luke speaks first, “Miss you don’t know how much Nate and I appreciate your hospitality. If we hadn’t gotten a whiff of your smoke, I’m afraid, in the wind-driven blizzard, we could have plodded by your farm without notice and eventually, frozen to death. Oh, I’m sorry... we didn’t introduce ourselves. My name is Luke Scarburg, and my friend here is Nathaniel Scarburg, or Nate as we call him.”
“Is he your slave, Mr. Scarburg?” 
“Oh no, certainly not – his family and my family have always been splendid friends. His Pappy was a slave on my great-grandfather’s plantation; however, my grandfather freed all the slaves when he inherited the Scarlett Plantation. No, Nate is a free man, as free as you and I.”
“Pleased to meet you both. I am Catherine Ann Babb and Samuel Junior, my brother, is taking care of your animals at the barn. My parents Samuel and Eleanor Babb own this farm.”
“I must ask Catherine, what is that substance you are burning in the fireplace? It is black, and I know by the smoke’s smell it is not wood. Could I inquire as to what it is?”
“Up on the mountain Pa found these black rocks that burn. We use them to burn in the fireplace and our lamps.”
“Catherine, I have seen these rocks before at a railroad yard in Columbus, Ohio. It is called coal. They are beginning to use it to fire the boilers in the locomotives of the trains, but how do you get them to burn in an oil lamp?”
“Father made a type of moonshine still out by the barn. Instead of making alcohol, he heats the black rocks until they form what he calls coal oil. He extracts the stuff, and we use it in our lamps. He has drums full of it in the woodshed. Works splendidly, but sometimes the lamps get terribly smoky. Ma always said she wished we could still get the whale oil again, but it is near impossible with this War going on.”
“Speaking of your parents, where are your father and mother?”
“Both of them are upstairs in the big bedroom. A bunch of outlaws rode through here right after Christmas and shot Father. He’s alive, but paralyzed and cannot walk. The bullet hit his spine. They shot Mother too, but she comes in and out of consciousness. She occasionally is awake long enough for Sam and me to give her something to eat and drink.”
“How did you and Sam manage to escape harm?”
“I had gone to the barn to milk the cow and Sam was in the house. Father came out on the porch, and I could hear the talking getting real rough. The riders raised their voice pretty loud, and I suppose an argument arose that’s when they shot Father. Mother ran out of the house, and they shot her too. We both hid as the shooting took place. We were too far away to hear what was being said, but Father later said they wanted money. After the shooting, Sam stayed in the closet, and I hid underneath the hay in the barn until they left. The only thing Sam said he could remember was the jingle of the outlaw’s spurs as he walked across the room. He said he would never forget their sound.”
“Did your father offer any resistance to those thugs.”
“No, Father is a member of the Religious Society of Friends and doesn’t believe in violence.”
“Quaker? You mean he is a Quaker? What about the white lightening we had with our coffee? Did he make it himself? I always thought your religion refrained from strong drink?”
“We believe in plain speech and dress, are opposed to slavery and war, and refuse to swear oaths, but there is nothing against drinking strong drink in our beliefs. However, many Friends abstain from the use of strong spirits of all kinds. Father,” she puts her hand to her mouth to mask her laugh, “believes in the Biblical verse from 1st Timothy, ‘Drink no longer water, but use a little wine for thy stomach's sake...”
“Wine? Wine, you say girl? That is hard liquor your father makes. That stuff must be one hundred-fifty proof, at least! Does he sell it too, or use all of it for ‘his stomach’s sake’?”
Smiling, Catherine responds, “I must admit it is not wine, but Father does not make it either. Each summer he carries a few of the Walker hounds down into Tennessee and trades with a man named John or Jack, I think his last name is Daniels. I understand he has a large still that he runs somewhere back in the hills next to a large cave. Mr. Daniels uses the spring water from the cave to make Father’s spirits. He always returns with a thirty-five-gallon barrel of his ‘wine’ he has swapped for the bunch of Walkers he carried with him. He works on his stomach with the contents of that barrel until he can return the next summer.”
“All right, enough of your father’s trading deals. If I may ask,” inquires Luke, “How old are you and Sam?”
“Sam is fifteen and I will be nineteen my next birthday.”
“I understand from your religion you are against the War, but I don’t think the military, either North or South would care. Have they tried to impress Sam into the Army?”
“Yes, Father obtained an exemption for Sam, Jr., by paying the Yanks a fee of five hundred dollars. The tribute keeps Sam from being conscripted into the Army, but the Conscription Officer comes by regularly to forcibly haul him away. When we see him coming we hide Sam to keep them from getting him. 
“Father moved here from South Carolina to practice his religion in peace, and we were doing so until this awful War began. I can see by your clothes you all are Yankees, but I have to be honest, we side with the South; although, we do not take any active part in the War.” 
“Sometimes one’s looks can be deceiving. May we go upstairs and pay our respects to your parents? We’ll talk more about this later.”
Luke sees two beds as he enters the bedroom, in one bed, lies Mr. Babb and his wife rests in the other. A coal oil lamp illuminates the room. The lamp is sitting on a table between the two beds. A small fireplace supplies heat and a little more light.
“Father, are you awake? We have visitors. Are you well enough to speak with them? This man is Luke Scarburg, and the other is Nate Scarburg. They have arrived from the backside of the mountain.”
“Yes daughter, bring them closer to the light. Sirs, ye are welcome in my humble home. I am Samuel Babb and I consider it an honor to make your acquaintance. Thou are to stay and partake of our hospitality as long as ye deem necessary. I can hear we are in the midst of a great storm; surely thee have not traveled down the mountain in such dreadful weather?” 
Reaching to grasp Mr. Babb’s hand, Luke utters, “It is a pleasure Sir to meet you. We both thank you for giving us shelter from this storm. I’m sure you and your kind family have saved us from a terrible frozen demise, and yes we have traveled from the far side of the mountain.”
“Daughter, find seating for these two gentlemen, I must hear of their adventures.”
For a while, Luke and Nate sit and tell Mr. Babb and Catherine, about their exploits beginning with the Battle of Gettysburg, over six months earlier. Sometimes they laugh and at other times they have a tear come to their eye. Finally, Luke says, “That’s enough for now about Nate and myself. How about telling us about your family.”
“Gettysburg!” The old man was hesitant to speak; a tear could be seen forming in the corner of his eye, “My Charles, my dear oldest son Charles’s life was lost at Gettysburg. Died just as you said your father and brother died. ‘Gettysburg’, Sir I prefer that name not be mentioned again in my house.”
Luke muttered, “I am sorry Sir, the name will not be used again, but after I was captured I knew none of the Yankee’s by name. I am sorry.”
 “No! No need to feel sorry. He had volunteered as a hospital orderly, albeit, for the North. He felt it his Christian duty to assist in any way he could helping the wounded. We shant speak of him anymore Mr. Scarburg.”
Samuel continues, “Sir I am against violence, but...,” shutting his eyes as in prayer he finally opens them. “Thank you for smiting those vile outlaw villains.” Mr. Babb quotes:: 

‘To do justice and judgment is more acceptable to the LORD than sacrifice.’ Proverbs Chapter 21, Verse 3.

 “It appears those heathens received justice and judgment at ye hands – thank thee my friends.”
Samuel tells Luke and Nate of his life in South Carolina. As a young lad, the settlement, in which his father and mother lived had many Friends of the Society. The Meetinghouse was usually filled with believers; however, as he began to grow older the place gradually began to change. More and more non-believers moved into the town. 
“The weekly Meetinghouse known as the Jacob Ingram House of the Lord, or as some called it the Damascus House of the Lord, was hardly filled on meeting day.”
“Stop! Stop Mr. Babb, what was the name of your Meetinghouse?”
“Twas the Jacob Ingram Meetinghouse, or some called it the Damascus House of the Lord, why? Thou knowest of it?”
“Where did you live in South Carolina Sir?”
“We had a small place on Mink Creek close to a settlement called Scarlettsville, and there was a mill there too. It was called the Scarburg Mill. Thou name be Scarburg too, is it not? Is there some connection?”
“Connection? A connection indeed Mr. Babb, the Meetinghouse of which you speak was constructed by my great-great-grandfather Jacob Ingram! He is my mother’s great-grandfather! My other great-great-grandfather John Scarburg built the very mill of which you speak. My father and mother are both from Scarlettsville also, but they later moved to Alabama. I was born in that very place! Isn’t this a mysterious world or what?”
“Yes indeed, the mysteries of God are an amazement. Thou speakest of your relative Jacob Ingram, my grandfather – God rest his soul – told me of your forefather when I was but a young lad, and ah, Scarlett Plantation and its name. The name that became our beloved community Scarlettsville.”
“Tell me Mr. Babb, do you know of the origin of the name Scarlett? My family knows nothing of it.”
“Ah, Scarlett...ye see Mr. Scarburg, your great-great-great-grandmother Celia’s mother was Lettie Washington, a younger sister of our beloved President George. It was said she had the most beautiful auburn hair that gave rise to her affectionate nickname of Scarlett. My grandfather relayed to me that she died giving birth to your great-great-grandmother Celia. Grandfather stated records of this union and birth were all destroyed during the Revolution. Ye see Scarlett be not only a beautiful plantation is has a beautiful historic namesake.”
“Thank you, Mr. Babb, thank you so much, our family never knew why Scarlett Plantation was so named.”
Mr. Babb continued, “When we lived in Scarlettsville and met at the John Ingram Meetinghouse the Friends always questioned why a particular Bible scripture was engraved on the inside wall over the door, it read: 

‘And Ahaz took the silver and gold that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and sent it for a present...’ 

Mr. Scarburg, ye say your parents are from Scarlettsville too. Were they Quakers? Did anyone ever tell ye what that passage meant or why someone saw fit to engrave it over the door? The Friends have always assumed it referred to one’s soul or spirit that our God sends to be with Him when our earthly life is finished.”
“It is a mystery to me too Mr. Babb. I suppose your thoughts on the verse could be correct, but no, my parents did not attend the Scarlettsville Meetinghouse. They were just plain old Southern Baptists.” 
“Sir would thee please remove thou firearm resting there on thy hip; our religion forbids violence.”
Luke unbuckles his pistol belt and hangs the gun and holster over the corner headboard post of Mr. Babb’s four-poster bed.
“Good, now would thee please sit down on the edge of my bed; I would like a few words of import with thee.” Speaking to Catherine, he requests she go downstairs and prepare their guests a proper supper. Nate follows closely behind Catherine as she leaves the bedroom. 
“Ma,” he says pointing toward Mrs. Babb’s bed, “will never recover, and I am worse than useless. My darlin’ girl Catherine and brave boy Samuel Junior will always have to tend to us both. That’s a fearsome burden to put on them. I’m askin’ ye to promise if something was to happen to Ma and me I want my children taken care of. Ye being from Scarlettsville are most like family, and God has guided thee to our humble farm for a purpose. Your presence here today has got to be God’s divine will. Please get a piece of paper and pen from my desk and write what I will say to thee.” 
Luke did as requested and wrote the following:

February 10, 1864

Laurel County, Kentucky

I Samuel Babb, being of sound mind, state this be my last will and testament, I do request all my debts be settled and request Ma and me be buried up behind the house in the grove of dogwood trees, if possible, if not, we feel our Heavenly Father will find our remains on that great resurrection day. 
Further, I do hereby give all my worldly goods to Luke Scarburg. My farm and all the livestock will be his too. I request that my daughter Catherine Ann and son Samuel Junior, both under the age of consent will remain under his care until the age of twenty-one, then upon his discretion, all my worldly goods will be returned to them.

Samuel Babb

“Sir, I beg you, I cannot accept your terms. Nate and I are bound for Alabama. We are not able to carry Catherine and Sam Junior with us. It is too dangerous. Sir, you must have relatives or even neighbors that can be of assistance?”
“Master Scarburg, I have none! I have no close relations in South Carolina. I had one close friend Riley Walker, but he must be plumb nigh on eighty or ninety years old now, if he be still alive. And sir, as ye probably surmised during your trek across these beautiful Cumberland Mountains, I have no neighbors.  Tis sorry to put thee in this dire situation, but Sir, I have no one else to rely on. Thee, I’m sure was surely Heaven sent. I plead thee accept my request and care for my children. Stay here with us ‘til spring, and when the snow melts, ye can continue thou journey. By then ye will have time to consider my plea.”
Luke tries to explain again that he is in no position to assume the guardianship duties that Mr. Babb requests. He points out the simple fact that Mr. Babb is not dying and as far as he can tell, is not apt to do so anytime in the near future. Obviously, Mr. Babb is not going to take ‘no’ for an answer. After a couple of back and forth arguments Luke relents and accepts his fate as the benefactor of Mr. Babb’s farm and children. 
If sometime in the future word is sent to him in Alabama that Mr. and Mrs. Babb have passed away, he agrees to return, settle the estate and make arrangements for the care of his children. Mr. Babb heaves a sigh of relief, sinks back on his pillow as though a tremendous burden has been removed from his shoulders.
Later downstairs sitting around the fireplace Luke calls to Catherine in the kitchen asking if she would bring him a Bible. She takes her father’s Bible to Luke. Luke opens it and is surprised at all the notes and notations up and down various pages. She explains to Luke their big Bible serves as a record of the Babb family, going back a number of generations. Indeed, the notations go back to their time in South Carolina.
He sees nothing that gives him a hint of the meaning of the Biblical passage over the Meetinghouse door. Placing the Bible down he walks to the front floor, the blizzard seems to be getting worse. He and Nate will not be moving on for the time being.
Sam Junior bursts through the front door nearly knocking Luke down. Sam dusts snow from his coat and slaps his hat against his britches leg, “Darn, this is a mean’un. Worst I’ve ever seen, but gents I got your horses and the burro stabled, rubbed and dried down, watered and fed. Sorry, ‘bout the door.”
Following closely behind Sam walks the finest hound that Luke or Nate have ever seen. It trots across the floor and plops down in front of the fire. Luke and Nate both stare at the hound. This obviously is a coonhound with powerful, mobile shoulders; the ears are large compared to the head; its upper lip is hanging well below the lower jaw; the forelegs are long, straight and lean; it is a medium to large hound, weighing somewhere between forty-five to fifty pounds they guess; its tricolor coat is white with black and brown swatches. ‘What a magnificent dog’, thinks Luke.
No one speaks; Luke walks to the fireplace and begins to rub the hound’s head. “Catherine, could you please fetch me a rag, I need to dry this hound’s coat. He is covered in snow and is lying here soaking wet.”
As Luke rubs the dog dry Catherine asks, “I see you admire Kentucky Lead, Sam’s coonhound?”
“Kentucky Lead? That’s an unusual name, but you say ‘admire’? Catherine, I more than ‘admire’ this dog - this is a coonhound. I have never seen one better in fact I do not believe I can even identify this breed. Have you ever seen such a fine hound, Nate?”
Nate shakes his head. “No sir Mr. Luke! Finest one I’s has ever seed too.”
Catherine Ann continues telling them about the hound, “When Father lived in Carolina his nearest neighbor was old Riley Walker. Mr. Walker had an English foxhound and Father had a hound he called ‘Carolina Lead’. Anyway, as the story goes Father and Mr. Walker crossed their two breeds, which resulted in the breed of hound, you see lying here in front of the fireplace. Father has always just called them Walker Coonhounds. He’s been raising them for years now. We have eight or ten more out in the barn. They are good hunting hounds at least that’s what coon hunters say about them. The only thing, I can tell you, is their bark; every one of them seems to be different. When Father lets them run over the mountains hunting I can recognize which hound has treed a ‘coon by the sound of their baying. We just narrowed Kentucky Lead’s name to ‘Kentuck’.”
“Walker coonhounds huh? Well, I never! I was wondering earlier why you called them Walker’s.”
Leaving the Walker hound sleeping snuggly beside the fire Catherine invites Luke and Nate into the dining room for a good home-cooked meal. Nate provides coffee for some honest to goodness real coffee – it has been a long time since the Babb’s have enjoyed coffee with their meals. As they sit at the table sipping the coffee suddenly, the tranquil evening is shattered by the startling blast of a pistol being fired. Not once but twice.
From upstairs, two gunshots rang out. They seem to have come from the bedroom...Luke ascends the steps two at a time, Catherine, Luke, Nate and Sam, Jr. follow. They burst into the room to find Mrs. Babb’s quilt covered in blood, she is lying dead in her bed.
“Mother...mother! Luke she is gone.” Luke moves over to the bed and checks her pulse to confirm Catherine’s outburst. Her mother is indeed dead. She turns to her father, “Father! Oh Father!”
The pistol Mr. Barr used to shoot his wife and himself is lying next to him on the bed – it is Luke’s Colt .44. Blue smoke is still trailing from its barrel. Luke turns and tries to comfort Catherine. She sobs hysterically, “Why? Why...why would he do this?” Luke does not answer he hands the Will her father had written earlier to Catherine. With tears streaming down her cheeks, she reads the piece of paper.
 “Catherine, your father was a proud but stubborn, strong- willed man. He did not want to burden you and Sam Junior  with the responsibility of caring for the two of them constantly for the rest of their lives. He told me he and your mother would consume you and your brother’s own existence and rob you of your future. He did not want that. He said you both deserved to grow up, have your own families and be happy. I assume if he had said he would have stated for you not to be sad, but be happy for now both of them are once again young, happy and holding hands in God’s warm and eternal sunshine.”
“Did he not realize they were no burden, they were my mother and father – he had no right, no right!” she said staring at her dead father. “Luke you had no right either – you shouldn’t have kept this from me!”
“Catherine this Will and Testament was your father’s decision – I was merely to carry out his wishes. I had no idea this was going to happen tonight. I expected their passing would be years from now. If I had any idea, I would not have left my .44 hanging on the bedpost. When your father requested I remove my gun, he must have already had this is mind. I was just a means to his end.”
“What are Sam Junior and I to do now? I’m scared Luke – what are we to do?”
“Do not worry, as I promised your father, you and Sam Junior will be taken care of.”
Nate speaks softly to Luke, “Take these two young folks back downstairs and lets me take care of this...I’ll come get y’all whens I’s got this straighten up.” Whispering to Luke he adds, “You knows I’s taken care of dead folks fer a long time now, they’s ain’t soldiers, but I’s will lay’em out real nice.”
A little while later Nate comes down and announces to Catherine and Sam, Jr. they can come back upstairs. Nate has cleaned both bodies, changed the bed linens, dressed Mr. and Mrs. Babb in their best Sunday-go-to-meeting clothes and have them lying on their beds in a very dignified manner. He had positioned candles around the room to make the death of the children’s parents as bearable as possible.
Luke and Nate seat themselves in the corner of the bedroom and allow Catherine and Sam to grief in silence for the rest of the night. At daybreak, Luke walks over to Catherine, places his hand on her shoulder, “It’s time to say good-bye. I’ll give you a few minutes then you and Sam, Jr. go downstairs, and Nate and I will take care of your parents.”
After a few minutes, Catherine and Sam began to leave, Luke reaches out and stops Sam, Junior, “Sam, tell me, I know farmers clear new ground in the fall getting ready for spring planting. Did you and your father have such a piece of ground?”
“Yes sir, up on the hill we had begun to clear a spot when the winter snows set in. It’s up there next to that grove of dogwood trees.”
“Have the trees that you cut been burnt?”
Sam, Jr. explains that he and his father had cleared a couple acres of trees, piled them up, and they were going to burn them this winter, but they had not gotten around to burning them yet. That is precisely the answer Luke is seeking. 
 Luke and Nate wrap the two bodies in quilts carry them outside into the freezing cold. For the next two days, Luke and Nate burn the pile of logs – once the logs are burnt, and the ashes cool, with shovels and picks they dig two graves in to the thawed earth the fire created. Nate makes a cross for Mr. Babb and one for Mrs. Babb.
After the burial is complete, Catherine and Sam, Jr. walk through the deep snow to the gravesites. Luke takes the Bible turns to the Fourth Chapter of I Thessalonians and reads:
  
‘Then we, which are alive and remain, shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.

The funeral over snow begins to fall once again. Sitting at the kitchen table with everyone, Luke looks out the window at the sea of white. “You know Nate our plans have just taken a turn.”
“What’s you reckon Luke?”
Luke begins explaining how he thought just a few days ago the blizzard was subsiding and within a week or so they should be back on the trail heading to Knoxville. Now it is snowing again, but snow is not the reason for the postponement of their journey. Luke and Nate now have two other lives for which they are responsible.
Catherine is the first to speak saying in a harsh tone, “Luke and Nate Scarburg you two do not have to stay here with Sam and me, we can take care of ourselves. You don’t have to feel sorry for us either, you two just get on your way to Alabama and leave us be, we will make out fine. I can see after Sam so don’t you worry!” She said sarcastically. 
“I’m sorry Catherine; I did not mean to sound so begrudging I am truly glad Nate and I found your house. Your father said it while he and I talked – he said it was God’s intent that we stumbled upon your farm during the blizzard. Your father’s exact words were ‘Heaven sent’. You know, I now believe he was correct - God surely intervened in all our lives.
“Catherine say as you will, but Nate and I will not leave you here alone – in fact, we will not leave you both at all. It has been a long time since the both of us have been home. I enlisted in the spring of ‘62; it is now almost the spring of ‘64 that has been two years. In all this time, I have never received a letter from home. I don’t even know if my family is still alive. If they are, perhaps the letters never reached me. Nate and I are both deserters – I escaped from a Yankee prison but never tried to rejoin a Southern unit and Nate was impressed into the Union Army. He since has learned that the Yankees have killed his wife and son in North Carolina. His father, mother, and brother, live with my mother in Alabama, so what I am saying is you both are not hindering Nate and me. A few more months more or less is not going to make a big difference.”
Luke suggests they wait out the winter, when the spring thaw arrives they will prepare enough land to plant vegetables, corn and enough hay for horse feed. They will raise chickens, a hog and tend to the cow. After harvest, they will load the wagon with provisions and they all, and he emphasized all, would proceed to Alabama. Once Sam and Catherine Ann reach the age of accountability, they can return to this farm and live if they so desire.
“Luke Scarburg I’m telling you right here and now if you make me and Sam leave our farm I will hate you forever!”

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
 Springtime in the Mountains 

Luke stands at the window sipping a hot cup of coffee looking out across the vast expanse of white. It is almost the end of March and the snows never seem to stop. One storm after another blows through apparently on a weekly timetable. He walks to the back door and notices Sam Junior entering the barn. Luke leaves the house and with some great difficulty, stomps through the deep snow to join him.
Luke finally succeeds in the long walk from the house to the barn. “Sam, tell me something, how do you people manage to get around in this confounded snow? I had a hard time just making it from the house to the barn.”
“We each have a pair of snowshoes,” Sam replies, never raising his head from his work. He has been upset at Luke too ever since he found out he was leaving the farm and going to Alabama.
Luke is startled, snowshoes? He has never heard of such things. He begins to question Sam for details. At first Sam seems withdrawn and is hesitant to speak with Luke. After further prodding, “Sure we use them all the time, especially if Father and me go hunting.” Stopping for a second, “I-I-I meant when we used to go -”
“Hunting huh, just you and your father? I wager y’all had a good time?”
  Sam stops pitching hay into the horse stall. A slight grin comes across his lips as he fondly remembers the days he enjoyed with his father out on the mountainside.
“Tell me Sam, you have my curiosity up, what did you hunt?”
Sam leans the pitchfork against the stall, sits down on a bale of hay and begins to talk. 
Since the death of his father and mother, Sam has withdrawn within himself – now speaking of hunting with Luke, and the fun he had with his father has somehow opened him up again. He talks of the mountains, the streams he and his father had crossed. He tells of the game they hunted, especially deer. The deer, which he said was the object of most of their hunting expeditions. He talks on and on about various trips he and his father had taken into the forests of the Cumberlands. He seems to relive those happy times as he talks to Luke. 
Luke does not interrupt; he sits listening attentively, venturing an occasional ‘hmm’, ‘I see’ or ‘that sounds great’. Finally Sam stops talking. He sits staring out at nothing; tears begin to form, and he starts to sob. It was a good thing; he was finally letting out the pain of his pent up feelings of the death of his parents. 
Luke lets him sit and get it out of his system. In a minute or two Luke asks, “Sam, I know I’m not a very good hunter, but what about just the two of us venturing into the woods on a good hunt? That is if you’ll teach me how to walk in those snowshoe things of yours, and maybe show me a trick or two about deer hunting. What do you say?” Luke, an accomplished hunter since he was big enough to carry a gun, could teach young Sam a thing or two about hunting prowess in the woods, but Luke wanted Sam to feel he was the ‘man’ on this hunting trip.
This suggestion brought a smile to Sam’s face. “When? When do we go?”
“Give me a lesson or two on those snowshoes this afternoon and we’ll leave out at first light in the morning. How does that sound? If we could bag us a couple of deer, we can have enough meat to last us all summer. We might even make some venison jerky to carry with us to Alabama.”
“Sounds great Luke, I’ll get the snowshoes right now!”
“Hold on for just a second Sam. There is something else I need to talk to you about.” Luke tells Sam the whole story of Old Bill. He explains how they met on the western side of the Cumberlands, came up the trail, spent Christmas together in a cave and finally how Old Bill was killed with a stick of dynamite. “Before Old Bill got himself killed he gave me a treasure map, saying if anything happened to him the treasure was mine.”
The word ‘treasure map’ immediately draws Sam’s attention, “A treasure map? A treasure map of what?”
“A gold strike! Old Bill had found the mother lode of gold here in your mountains. He never got a chance to put in an official claim for it nor did he ever get to dig any more gold out, but it’s still there. And by the map, I’m figuring it is on your land.”
“Aw Luke, your jest pullin’ my leg to make me feel better, right?”
Seeing Sam was not convinced Luke pulled from his pocket the large gold nugget and handed it to Sam. Sam’s eyes opened as big as saucers, “Dadburn, you are telling the truth.”
“Another thing Sam, I have the map also.” Luke slides it out of his hat and hands it to Sam. “Catherine has already said she hates me for taking her to Alabama, and I’m sure you do too. Someday, especially when y’all are really homesick to come back here, show her the nugget and the map. Tell her when you both come back you can state out the claim and y’all will be rich! That should liven you both up. Until then, let’s just keep this between you and me. Nate already knows that I am giving you the map.” 
Sam slipped the nugget into his pocket and hid the map inside his hat. Luke was leaving the barn to return to the house when he faintly heard Sam yell, “Hot diggety!” 
It is still dark the next morning. Luke stands on the front porch sipping a steaming cup of coffee looking toward the east. The skies are dark and overcast, light snow is falling. He figures it will be daylight in another hour or so. The hot mug in his hand feels good since the temperature must be close to ten degrees. 
Stepping back into the warmth inside, he can hear Catherine rattling pans in the kitchen, and he can smell the bacon frying, she is preparing breakfast,. “Catherine, is Sam up yet?”
“Up? He’s been up for the last hour – he’s out at the barn getting all the hunting stuff together. He’s already carried Father’s old Springfield musket out there. You don’t know how excited that boy is! Thanks, Luke, this is going to be good for Sam, he needs something to take Father and Mother’s death off his mind, even if for only a day or so. Tell Sam to take Kentuck, he’s the best of all the Walkers.”
“Hold on a second Catherine, that snow is deeper than Kentuck is tall. We can’t carry him!” 
“Sure you can and these vittles I have fixed for you two also.”
Catherine explains to Luke the snow melts on sunny days and at night a thin coating or crust of ice forms on the surface. The sun has shown, off and on, for the last couple of days she says, so the ice is strong enough for a Walker to get over, but it will not support the weight of a man. She tells Luke he possibly could get a horse through the snow, but it would be a troublesome undertaking. That’s where the snowshoes are important. 
In addition to the information just provided, Catherine offered another bit of caution – she tells Luke to be especially careful of bears. In the early spring, they emerge from their winter hibernation and are out scavenging the mountains seeking anything to eat. She says anything means anything, small animals such as rabbits, squirrels, ‘possums and high up on the food scale is man! 
She instructs Luke to travel in the opposite direction from any bear tracks they might find, and stay downwind to keep the ferocious creatures from getting a whiff of them. She reemphasized the threat bears present and again warns Luke to their danger. “Luke, in a short distance a bear can run faster than a horse, so you cannot outrun him, and they can climb a tree faster than you can too. If a bear gets scent of you, he is going to kill you! I’m still mad at you Luke Scarburg, but don’t you go off and get yourself killed! You hear?”
The back door opens quickly, in steps Sam, stomping the snow from his boots. “Come on Luke, let’s get going. I got all our gear sittin’ in the hall of the barn, and Kentuck is anxious to get on the trail.”
“Whoa! Slowdown Sam, it’s still an hour before sunup, and Catherine has prepared us a fine hunter’s breakfast. Sit down and eat, we’ll need all our strength to trek across your mountain.”

THE HUNT

Each step Luke takes, a crunching sound comes from the snowshoe against the frozen snow. When he first heard Sam talk of a method for walking on snow Luke thought this would be a simple task. It is simple all right if you can walk with two tubs tied to your feet. No, it is not easy to get used to walking in such cumbersome footwear, but as the morning draws on it becomes manageable, not easy, but manageable.
One thing was sure – Catherine was right, Kentuck easily manages to walk and even run on top of the snow. Only occasionally would one of his paws break through the surface and burrow into the snow below, but obviously this isn’t Kentuck’s first hunt in the snow. He would merely pull his leg out and continue on the scent. Luke thinks, ‘what a marvelous hunting dog. He can smell the scent of the trail buried nearly two feet underneath the snow and the two or three inches that fell last night.’
It is around mid-afternoon, Kentuck has gotten onto a couple of warm scents, but nothing comes of them. Sam stops and waits for Luke to catch up. All day Sam stays at least a hundred yards ahead of Luke – Luke is getting better walking, but he has not graduated to anything resembling proficiency in his snowshoes yet.
Catching up with Sam, he asks, “What’s up? Kentuck strike a new trail?”
“No, nothing on the hunt, but there’s something down here I want you to see.”
Sam walks off the slope down into a slight hollow. The hollow is filled with hardwood trees, the majority being American beech. Nearing one of the large beech trees, Sam turns to Luke and announces, “Here it is! This is the one!”
“One what? Sam all I see is a tree.”
“Come here Luke and see this particular beech tree.”
Luke moves down to the tree, sees nothing and looks at Sam with a questioning stare.
“Over on this side Luke.”
Luke moves to the opposite side of the old tree, “Oh, my goodness,” states Luke, “is this what I think it is?”
Sam nods his head, and Luke reads the message that had been carved on the tree many years earlier:

D. BOON KILLED
A BAR O
THIS TRE
1775

Sam begins to tell the story of Daniel Boone and how he blazed the Wilderness Trail across the Cumberland Gap back in the day. He finishes by telling Luke how his father found this tree some years ago.
“Thank you, Sam! Thank you very much. Seeing this tree was worth every bit of my silly effort trying to walk on these snowshoes.”
Back upon the slope the sound of Kentucky Lead’s barking indicates he has found a fresh trail. Enough history for now, they need to get back to the task at hand – hunting to put fresh meat on the table.
“Luke, Kentuck in on a hot trail, but by the looks of these tracks he’s after a bear. Jiminy, if that don’t beat all – we finally got ourselves a bear!”
“No! Catherine said to high-tail it in the opposite direction if we ran upon bear tracks. She said in the early spring bears were quite aggressive and extremely ferocious.”
“Aw, shucks Luke, don’t you know women by now. They are skeered of their own shadows. Whoopee! There’s a bear hereabouts. Me and Father always wanted to kill us one of them critters, but we never got a chance; by the direction of them tracks I’d say he is headin’ toward that old prospector’s cabin over on the other side of this ridge.”
“I thought your father said y’all didn’t have any neighbors? It is only a few miles back to the farm; I’d say this backwoodsman is close enough to quality.”
“Nah, he’s just a driftin’ prospector named Rufus – lives here and there, mostly there. We ain’t seen him in years; the story goes that about a year after the War started some of them Yankee four-legged manure spreaders showed up one day, and he put up a really good fight. They say he killed two of them Union Cavalry boys and, of course, during the shootout, the word is, they killed him too. His cabin has been empty ever since the big fight. At least that’s what I’ve been told.”
As Sam talks to Luke, they can hear Kentuck following the scent of the bear. His unusual bark is pushing the bear in the direction of the cabin. 
“All right Luke, you take that lever action rifle of yours and work yourself up and around this ridge. I’ll take my Springfield and go up the holler. We’ll then have that ole rascal between us. Bear meat can feed us for a long time.”
“But Sam, what about Catherine and her danger warning about...” Sam is out of sight by now and did not hear a word Luke said.
Shouldering his Spencer Luke walks back up the slope and begins to follow the bear tracks. He resembles a drunken mule wearing galoshes.
 
THE CABIN

Slipping up the creek bottom toward the prospector’s cabin, Sam knows the cabin lies just around the next bend. Off to his left and over the ridge, he can still hear old Kentuck barking his head off. Sam grins he knows his Walker is on the trail of that ole bear.
The wind is blowing in his face, and his nose catches the slightest hint of smoke. Smoke? He knows that the smell is not the woods ablaze; that aroma is more like smoke from a wood-burning stove.
He slows his hurried gait to a deliberate, easy step, something isn’t right, that cabin is supposed to be empty. Approaching the bend he slowly slips among the trees until he can get a clear view of the old cabin. The first thing he sees is the roof; indeed a small ribbon of blue smoke is curling out the stovepipe on the top. Someone is in there! He can see three horses. All tied at the rail. All with double hitched, roping saddles, with lariats hanging at the saddle’s sides. One is a beautiful pinto, white with tan. The other two appear to be western cow ponies. Obviously the owners of these broncos are not playing soldier with the Yankees.  
‘Surely,’ he thinks, ‘it can’t be Rufus. Those Union soldiers have done killed him.’ He removes the snowshoes and steps slowly through the snow inching his way to the side of the shack. Nearing the cabin, he notices a burro loaded with prospector supplies tied to a tree out back. Slowly he positions himself near a hole in the planking and lifts his head barely enough to see through into the shack.
He sees three people in the room. One fellow is tied to a chair, his head resting on his chest. His face is beaten almost beyond recognition. Blood is dripping from the corner of his mouth making a sizable puddle on the floor. His left eye is swollen shut. Although the temperature inside cannot be much warmer than the temperature outside, the fellow in the chair is sweating profusely. Sam examines the man carefully, wondering if that is Rufus? He quickly realizes he doesn’t know what Rufus looks like he has never seen him. Whoever this fellow is if this beating keeps up he and his Maker are about to come face to face, and soon. Sam continues to watch.
Walking around the room are two other men. One is dressed entirely head to toe in black, wearing a flat-rimmed hat. The other one wears a brown ten-gallon Stetson cowboy hat. To Sam the black hat looks like a cross between a Stetson and a sombrero. The black hat has a hatband fashioned from silver Mexican pesos. Both men are dressed in long sleeve shirts, leather vests with six-shooters strapped to their hips. Their holsters are strapped low on their legs with narrow strips of rawhide. 
Gunslingers! 
The dude with the black hat is wearing a fancy pair of high-heel western style boots. Adorning each boot is hand-made Mexican silver spurs, which jingle and jangle as the rowels touch the floor with each step he takes. Sam has heard this rhythmic sound of the spur rowels before, but where? Yes, now he remembered: as he hid from the outlaws in the closet he could hear the man walking that shot his mother and father. The spurs the murderer wore made that same jingling sound. He must be the same man. 
The one with the black hat walks up to the man tied to the chair and demands, “I’m telling you for the last time where is that mine with the gold?” He then slaps the old prospector hard across the face. Sam has witnessed enough to see the man in black is clearly the gunslinger in charge.
The fellow on the receiving end of all this abuse mumbles he doesn’t know what they are talking about. Black hat doesn’t like this answer and smacks him again.
Brown hat says, “Give me another chance at him, I’ll make him talk.” He walks over to the stove and removes a scalding pot of what must have been coffee at one time. Bringing it closer to the nearly unconscious man, he begins to pour the hot coffee over the poor man’s head. The scream from the man is horrendous. Sam must make them stop; he must. He drops his eyes from the view of the interior, pulls the hammer back on his Springfield, and is about to advance around the cabin and confront the two villains.
Suddenly above his right ear his feels the touch of cold metal and the metallic click of a pistol being cocked. “What you lookin’ at boy? Somethin’ inside you dyin’ to see?” The man with the six-shooter says, emphasizing the word ‘dying.’ “Now git up! Git yerself around the side of this cabin and git inside. I’m gonna give you a close-up look.”
 The cabin door is thrown open. Sam is shoved inside. “Oh, what have we here?” Mister Black hat asks looking at the door.
“A peeping Tom,” says man number three. “Caught him outside that hole,” pointing with the barrel of his .44, “watching yer fun!”
The leader tells his partners to bind Sam to the remaining chair. Once Sam is securely lashed black hat asks, “So you want to save this here old gent, do you? How do you and him relate?” Sam answers that he does not know the other prisoner. He was out on a hunting trip and saw the smoke from the stovepipe and came to investigate.
“Hmm,” says ‘Blackie,’ “a likely story, I believe you two is in cahoots with each other. You and him is working that gold mine together, ain’t I right?”
“Sir, I have never seen this man in my life, but if you keep beating him you are going to kill him, and his death will be on your hands.”
“Let me explain something to you young lad, I don’t know the number of men that I have already killed. One more ain’t gonna make any difference. I’ll kill him, and you too for that matter, like stepping on an ant, you two ain’t nothing, all I want to know - where is the gold mine?” As he finishes, he turns and slugs the old fellow again.
“Wait mister, wait. Why do you think he knows where the gold mine is?”
“You see Bert here,” pointing to Mr. Brown Hat. “He was up on the mountain with our gang when a friend of ours by the name of Old Bill stopped by their campsite. He told of finding a gold mine and said he give a map of it to his partner. 
“Well, afore you know it some low down, sneaking skunk pitched a stick of dynamite into the fire. Bert was the onliest one to run off. Now our friend with the gold mine was kilt along with the rest of the gang. Of course, being dead he never got a chance to tell Bert where the mine was or who he done give the map too. 
“I was waiting at the Gap fer the boys to ride back in, but Bert was the onliest one that got back. We knowed about this here cabin and this old prospector coot and figured he was Old Bill’s partner, but he ain’t talking. He’s prouder of that mine than he is of his life.” Looking at Sam, “Maybe you’re not?”
“Look mister, this old man, well Rufus is his name, doesn’t know anything about a mine. He’s been prospecting all his life, you think if he had struck it rich he would still be livin’ up here in these mountains. No sir’ree, he’d be in Knoxville havin’ himself a big time.”
“Makes sense boy, you mean,” winking at the others, “drinking whiskey, gambling and chasing wimmen and any money he had left he just wasted. Wait, maybe you and him haven’t had time to do much minin’ with all this snow and all – yeah that’s it, he’s trying to save it all for hisself.” Turning to Rufus, he draws back his fist to strikes him again.
“Hold on there mister, you’re right,” Sam said trying to save the old prospector from further harm, “Rufus is my uncle. I lied, I thought I could work out a deal with you, but I see there is no use. Please stop beatin’ him to death, and I’ll talk.”
“You mean you are related to this old coot, and he shared the mine with you?”
“Well, I just happened to be out hunting that day and ran upon Rufus at the mine when he discovered a vein of gold.”
“You’d just say that to save you and your uncle’s worthless hides.”
“Nah, it’s real,” untie my hands and I can prove it to you. Blackie instructs that only one of Sam’s hands be loosened.
With his free hand Sam reaches into his pocket and withdraws the large gold nugget and hands it to Blackie. The three outlaws gawk and eye the yellow hunk of metal. One says he has never seen such a large piece of gold. Another dreamily tells of the women and liquor he can buy, the other speaks of goin’ to Cal-i-forn-nee-a. 
“Shut up, both of you,” Blackie said holding up the gold nugget. “This is just one piece of gold. There must be lots more where this ’en come from. That old man ain’t gonna tell us nothin’, put him out of his misery, and then we’ll git the information from our new partner here. Right kid?”
Bert pulls his Colt from its holster and walks over to Rufus. Rufus is unconscious or maybe already dead, but Sam is not going to let Bert shoot him, “Wait, wait don’t kill Rufus! If you swear not to harm us anymore, I will tell you where you can find the mine.”
The three outlaws huddle together in the far corner of the room whispering. Bert says to ‘Blackie,’ “Yer not buyin’ that tall tale are you? Let’s just shoot them both and git out of here. They don’t know nothin’.”
“Jest a minute there Bert. What if the kid is right, we might be passin’ up an excellent opportunity. You know he got that nugget sommers?”
“We ain’t partnering up with them, are we?”
“Nah, of course not. Let’s just play the hand out then we’ll kill ’em both.”
“Okay kid,” said ‘Blackie,’ walking over to Sam. “We’ve decided, all you’ve got to do is tell us where the gold is, and we’re not going to kill you. In fact, we’re gonna let the two of you be on your way.”
“Now,” said Sam, “you swear? You’re makin’ a double-dare promise?”
“Oh, I swear it on my dear old mother’s grave.” One of the bandits looked at the other and winked, they knew Blackie’s mother was still alive.
“All right then, look in the lining of my hat.”
Blackie pulls Sam’s hat from his head, turns it inside out and finds a piece of paper. He pulls it out, it’s the map, he lays it on the table and begins to study all its details. 
Once he confirms to his satisfaction the map is real, he turns to his two compadres, “Kill ’em both!”
“No wait!” says Sam. “You double-dared promised.”
“There is no honor among thieves, you know that kid, I lied.” Looking at Bert and the other outlaw, “Git on with it! Kill ‘em both!”
As the two remove their six-guns from their holsters and begin to cock the hammers, Bert is going to kill Sam, and the other buckaroo is going to shoot Rufus. They pull the hammers back on their pistols; touch their fingers to the triggers. Suddenly, the front door is kicked open. In charges Luke with the Spencer belching .56 caliber lead bullets as fast as he can fire them. Within seconds, the three outlaws lie dead on the floor.
“Are they dead?” asks Sam.
“Dunno,” Luke said pulling his pistol and firing one more .44 bullet into each body. “I’m pretty sure they are now.”
Luke unties Sam, who has tears streaming down his face. Luke did not know if the tears are from happiness for being saved or from the nearness he came to death; regardless, Sam hugs Luke and runs to Rufus and begins to untie the ropes that bind him. Luke stops him, “Forget it Sam; he didn’t make it, he is dead!”
Sam hurries across the room filled with gunpowder smoke; removes the gold map from Blackie’s clenched fist, then relieves him of the gold nugget from his vest pocket. 
“Why? Why Sam would you risk your life for this old prospector that you didn’t even know? And give away the map to your gold creek?”
“I just had to do it Luke just had too. I couldn’t just watch them kill him, Rufus, I guess this is who he was. Let them kill him for a gold mine, who could do such a thing?”
“Not you, that’s for sure,” said Luke. “Go through their pockets and pull out any papers that might identify who they were.
“Come on Sam, that’s enough excitement for one day let’s get on back home,” Luke, said as he reloaded cartridges into his rifle and pistol. Sam picks up his Springfield and opens the cabin door to head home.
Luke was wrong! Their day of excitement is about to continue, standing at the door growling is a mammoth seven hundred pound ravenous, black bear. He was at least seven or eight foot tall; smells like the back of an outhouse with teeth showing that were at least two inches long. He has a very famished look in his eyes, and doesn’t at all seem too friendly. ‘This must be the bear Catherine warned about – it is hungry, and he thinks he has found his dinner,’ thought Luke.  
“Run,” says Sam.
“Run! You’ve got to be kidding. This eight-foot mountain of death is standing in the only way out of here.” Didn’t you notice there is only one door?” His massive body will not fit through the cabin’s entrance. The bear is so large he pushes the door from its hinges as he struggles to get into the room. 
Sam thought the cabin was small before, but now it seems no bigger than a matchbox. “Shoot it Luke, kill it. It’s coming in.”
Luke fires one round; nothing happens, well, maybe something did – the bear gets madder. “Shoot it again Luke!” Sam yells. To make the bear even more vicious, Kentuck is outside raising cane, barking and biting at the bear’s hindquarters.
“I’m trying Sam, but I have a shell jammed in this Spencer. It won’t fire.”
The bear has now squeezed himself through the narrow door and is inside the room.
Luke and Sam retreat to the farthest corner as Luke attempts to get his rifle to shoot. They are running out of time; the bear raises its head, which touches the ceiling. He is swinging his huge forearms, each tipped with razor sharp claws awaiting their chance to grab something to hold on to. Right now, odds are it appears it will be Luke and Sam. Luke cannot get his rifle unjammed and his pistol is worthless against such a brute.
 The bear is so close they get a whiff of its foul smell. It has a musky, pungent, urine smell. The beast opens his mouth wide and lets out a terrifying growl, which emits a rotten, meaty odor. “Shoot Luke! Shoot! We’re running out of time.”
Luke yells back, “Sam we’re out of time. My Spencer won’t fire.”
Running purely on adrenaline, Sam raises his musket, thrusts the barrel into the bear’s mouth just behind those fearsome teeth. His razor sharp claws are now just a mere few inches from tearing in to the flesh of Luke or Sam. He touches the trigger; the hammer falls on the primer cap, igniting the black powder with a loud ‘kaboom.’ The bear growls again, lumbers forward and falls. The bullet went straight through the top of the bear’s mouth directly into its brain – killing it instantly. As the bear collapses, Luke and Sam have to hug the wall to keep the enormous animal from falling on top of them.
“Well,” said Luke stepping around the enormous mound of brown fur, “you wanted a bear now you’ve got you one. Only question now – what are we going to do with him?”

MEAT APLENTY

It is nearing nightfall on the fourth day since Luke and Sam left to go hunting. Catherine is worried; normally a two-day hunt is all the hunters can withstand out in the freezing sub-zero temperatures up on the mountain.
Catherine hears three rifle shots from high up on the mountain side an hour or so before she sees two men walking through the snow on snowshoes, leading three horses and a burro. She can see one of the ponies is a Pinto, white with tan marking. In the snow, the Pinto is almost invisible. All the animals are heavy laden and are having a hard time walking through the knee-deep snow. She removes the shotgun from over the mantle and cautiously returns to the front door. These strangers are still too far away to recognize who they are, but, “Dang it,” that sure looks like Kentuck about fifty feet in front. No, it can’t be the boys, but again she looks, “That has to be Kentucky Lead, there has never been a dog in this country that looks like him! What’s he doing with these fellows?” 
She knows it cannot be Luke and Sam they had not taken any horses – if fact they only have three horses and one burro, and she knows they are still in the barn.
About a quarter of a mile out she hears three more rifle shots fired quickly in succession. That’s not a musket that is a repeater. Luke had his Spencer, she knew it was a repeating rifle, but she had never heard it fired and did not know its sound. Whoever they were they have obviously done harm to Luke and Sam.
Nate is now stomping through the snow from the barn heading toward the house, “Hurry Nate, hurry don’t let them catch you out in the open. Where’s your .44?”
“Whoopee,” yells Nate trying to run through the deep snow. “Whoopee,” he hollers again.
“Hush Nate, hush, do not let these strangers know anyone is home. Maybe they will just keep on going!”
“Lands sake woman, we’s better hope they’s don’t keep on goin’!”
“What are you talking about Nate? Have you gone crazy?”
“Shore nuff Miss Catherine, crazy to see them two fellers comin’, why that’s Luke and Mr. Sam. Didn’t yous hear Luke’s Spencer gun shootin’. Theys done loaded down with fresh meat – I jest wonders whos them hosses and that burro belongs to. They both left here walking on them snowshoe thingys.”
It took a while before Luke, Sam, the burro and the three horses walk up to the hitching rail. All the animals are packed with fresh meat.
“Lands sake,” said Nate, what in the world – that shore nuff ain’t deer meat. If’en it is, y’alls has done kilt the world’s biggest buck!”
Sam couldn’t wait, “Bear! We have killed us a bear! Whoopee,” he yelled, pitching the bearskin on the snow in front of Catherine and Nate.
Catherine couldn’t wait either before she lit in to Luke. “Luke I told you before you left not to mess with a bear. I tried to be as plain as I could speak and said to leave the bears alone! Did I not? Didn’t I warn you they are dangerous? You’re lucky both of you are still alive.”
“Amen to that! You sure did Catherine, but you forgot to tell us what we were supposed to do when the bear wouldn’t leave us alone.” Stepping from his saddle, he ties his horse’s reins to the hitching post. As he turns toward the house, Catherine jumps into his arms. “I was so worried about you... I-I-I mean you and Sam.” She said hugging Luke’s neck and at the same time laying a big kiss square upon his lips.
“Whoa Catherine, hold on a minute girl, Sam and I are fine. In fact, Sam is the ‘bear killer’ of this hunting party.” Sitting Catherine back down on the snow, “Come on, let’s all go inside and warm up, Sam and I are almost frozen. Let us get by the fire and pour some hot coffee down, and we’ll tell you all about Rufus, the outlaws, the gold mine and the bear.”
“What!” exclaimed Catherine, “Rufus, outlaws, gold mines and bears? You all get inside I’ve got to hear this. You all would make up any tall tale to get out of taking responsibility for goin’ bear huntin’”.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
 The Prince Albert Saloon 

On the west end of Main Street stands a solitary wooden building – The Prince Albert Saloon. Politicians could always be seen frequenting this saloon because of the adaptable social nature of their business. In this farming town of Albertville, Alabama literacy was low, and the bar provided the principal place for the exchange of information about War news, employment and other items of sociable importance to the community. A savvy politician could turn his access to these resources into votes. Other customers were field hands, injured soldiers and of late Carpetbaggers and Scalawags.
The Scalawags were native born Southerners. They believe a Negro is just as good a person as they, but in spite of their moral attitudes they are taking the impending loss of the War as an opportunity to enrich their own pockets. On the other hand, a Carpetbagger is a corrupt Yankee coming south in order to profit from the instability and power vacuum that exists at this time.
To the general population around this small north Alabama town, the Carpetbaggers were the worst. As the South is now losing the war the Carpetbaggers are moving in to meddle in local politics, buy up plantations and farms at fire-sale prices, or steal them for back taxes. Their station in the south was to take advantage of Southerners at a sizable profit to their pocketbooks.
Sitting in the far back corner of the Prince Albert was the notorious Judge Roy Slate. Was he a judge? No one knew for sure, and no one wanted to be the one to discover the truth. Judge Slade was an agent of the federal Freedman’s Bureau, which started operations to assist the vast numbers of recently emancipated slaves. Once he arrived in the South and saw how easy the picking was, helping emancipated slaves dropped far back on his list of things to accomplish. He was a harsh, disciplinarian who had control of the town’s mayor, sheriff and the Union’s small outpost of soldiers that had been stationed here to ensure the peace.
Slate was a high and mighty, narcissistic little man dressed in a dark three-piece suit with a golden watch fob dangling from his silk vest. He was short, fat, and egotistical and further made up for his lack of statute in arrogance and abrasiveness. He was a prime example of a man with the Napoleonic Complex.
Looking toward the swinging saloon doors, he could hear the jingles of spurs walking down the wooden sidewalk. The sound of the spurs was easily recognizable; everyone in this small town knew their sound. These spurs belong to Captain Louie Labeau. Labeau pushes the double doors open and walks into the smoke filled room. He sees Judge Slate at a rear table. Walking to the table, he pulls out a chair and sits down. Motioning to the bar girl,  “Two more glasses and a bottle of Red Eye.”
“I’m good Labeau.”
“Those ain’t for you no how, thems for me.”
Since arriving from up north a few months earlier, Judge Slade had relegated Labeau to number two in the pecking order. Labeau had been number three as Captain of the Home Guard. He took orders from the local Union outpost commander Major Hilliard; however, the Major left Labeau alone to do as he wished. Major Hilliard was unexpectantly transferred upon the arrival of the Judge. The Major was replaced by a young second lieutenant that took his orders directly from Labeau. High upon Labeau’s list was the confiscation of the Scarburg farm for himself, along with the beautiful Malinda. While the Major was in charge, the Scarburg farm seemed to be a settled deal for Labeau. Once the Judge found out the farm was in tax arrears, and the Major gone, he wanted it for himself. The farm was to belong to Labeau, the Judge taking it for himself did not sit too well with the Commander of the Home Guard.
“Tell me Labeau what is the status of the widow Scarburg’s place?”
“Judge she ain’t a widow as I’ve said afore. In fact, she just received a letter from her husband and son a couple of weeks after Christmas. As I have done tells you, she ain’t never got no mail from none of her menfolks. I control the mail office – letters that come in for her we hold, and letters she tries to post out we keep . As fer as being a widow, I guess she thinks she is one all right. That is the intent, she’ll get discouraged and go back to Carolinny and leave her farm for the pickins.” Twisting the end of his moustache he grins and continues, “that is unless she can find other suitable accommodations.” 
Lifting up the bottle of Red Eye, the judge pours Labeau another two shot glasses of whiskey. “Tell me again Labeau how much land does this woman own?”
“Right at one hundred and sixty acres.”
“What does the farm produce?”
“Cotton Judge, up ‘till this here War they wuz running ‘bout a bale to the acre of cotton. Course all of the farmland is not plowed, a bunch is in trees. More is on the side of a bluff. I suppose they might have made fifteen or twenty bales of cotton each year.”
“That’s a lot of cotton for her man to plow, sow, cultivate and harvest by himself. Did he own any slaves?”
“Yes Judge, he had three, a woman, an old man, and a boy. He also had his two oldest boys Luke and Matthew, but these boys are in the Army now. He has two younger ones by the name of William and Isaac that I’s goin’ to conscript jest as soon as I can lay my hands on ’em. Last time I went callin’ I has to shoot all them slaves – they kind of got sassy and uppity, you understand. Mizz Scarburg says them slaves wuz free, but I no’d she was lyin’.”
“I don’t give a hoot about them slaves; they would be free now anyhow, but I want that farm. I had my people go down Hog Creek surveying the mountainsides. They found an excellent saltpeter cave located on the Scarburg farm. Them ignorant hillbillies don’t know they are sitting on a fortune. Saltpeter is one of the main ingredients used in the making of gunpowder – this one mine could help the North win this War. All our northern supply of Saltpeter is about exhausted. I know the War can’t last much longer, but gunpowder is needed until the last bullet is fired, and for long after that. 
“Say they are behind in their land taxes? How much does she owe?” 
Labeau pulls a paper from his pocket and reads, “It says here twenty-five dollars, but plus interest and late fees it now totals thirty-two dollars and twenty-six cents.”
“All right, she can never come up with that kind of money. Labeau you go down to the courthouse and get Judge Harbin to issue me a Tax Lien against that property for fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents – and have him give that Scarburg woman the legal ninety-day Eviction Notice. You sure that husband and sons of hers might not show up and bail the farm out?”
“Let me tells you again Judge, my man in the post office ain’t let a letter addressed to her get through in two years, he hides ’em quick as he gits ’em. Same thang happens when she tries to post a letter to her husband or the boys. Nah, them men’s of hers ain’t gonna give us no trouble, you can count on it.”
In Labeau’s mind, the Judge’s word bit hard at his innards – he figured he already had that farm for himself, and along with the farm he was gonna git that good-looking woman too. He almost had it settled and now along comes this Carpetbagger of a judge. He must do something about this situation.

CHAPTER THIRTY 
Spring 1864

It is the middle of March. Spring seems to be arriving early on the Scarburg farm in North Alabama. The past winter had not been too bad. A few hard freezes followed by a couple of deep snowfalls, but all in all it wasn’t too terrible. It was time to get the garden plowed and early vegetables such as cabbage, onions and broccoli planted. Sary’s bullet wound to the shoulder has completely healed. Now she is up, stirring about feeling pretty good and helping as she can.
“Sary,” asks Malinda, “what about corn? Is it too early to plant corn?”
“Why Mizz Malinda, you knows you can’t plant tender things ‘til after Easter and I believes Easter Sunday comes about the last of March this year.”
“Sary! How many times have I told you we do not use the name Easter we prefer the name Resurrection Sunday? You should not use the name Easter it is a sinful name.”
“Yes ’em, but I jest wish sometimes y’alls would tells me why I shouldn’t use them words. You knows I don’t have no education and would like any sliver of things in the Bible youse could teach me.”
“Sary, as far the word ‘Easter’ all I can tell you Robert’s father forbid the use of the word.” Malinda went on to say using the word ‘Easter’ had been forbidden by her father-in-law Thomas Scarburg, but she believes it began with Thomas’ grandfather, John. Since John’s time, the use of the word Resurrection Sunday has been used instead of Easter.
“Now before you ask Sary, I’m not sure why, it may have something to do with old John Scarburg being a Quaker, I’m not up on all their rules. I know the Bible does not mention the word ‘Easter.’ I’ve been told Easter was the name of some pagan Roman or Greek goddess, maybe that was it, I really just don’t know.”
“Mizz Malinda you means to tell me not to use Easter on account of that John Scarburg’s religion? Well, I never!”
“That’s an interesting thing Sary. From what I have been told John wasn’t very religious and neither was Robert’s father Thomas. Mrs. Scarburg told me Thomas would sometimes get up at all hours during the night and go to the House of the Lord. She never knew why; however, another strange thing: she said he never attended the regular weekly meeting of the Quakers. Robert said they were Baptists and not Quakers, I know it does seem strange.”
“He musta been real sinful if he prayed that much,” Sary said grinning. 
“John’s large family Bible was passed down to Thomas, and Thomas gave it to Robert. It’s lying on the table in the sitting room. Many a time before this awful War I have seen Robert pouring over its pages. Robert is a good, righteous man, but I would not call him overly religious. He would flip through that big Bible as though he was looking for something, what I do not know?”
“Maybe he was looking for Easter in them Bible pages.”
“No Sary, like I said before, the word Easter, used to indicate the day Christ arose from his grave, is not in that big Bible Sary.”
The following morning Sary and Malinda walk across the porch heading for the vegetable garden. “I think we might finish up with our planting today, what do you think?” Asks Malinda.
“I doesn’t think so, look over yonder at our front gate. We got company a comin’ I believe theys gonna slow down our gardening some.”
Without looking, Malinda knew who were coming – Captain Louie Labeau and his band of legal plunderers. The last time, Malinda and Labeau met was the day he killed Uncle Jed and Jefferson and severely wounded Sary. Thankfully William and Isaac have taken the horse to Doc Crawford’s. For a couple of days, Blaze had been limping and they went to check with the Doc to see if something was wrong. 
Malinda and Sary stand in the garden watching the two men on horseback. One moves over to the large post that supports the main gate. From the distance, Malinda cannot see what he is doing. “Lands sake, Mizz Malinda it looks as if that there man is nailing something to yer gate post.”
Malinda looks again, Sary is correct. It does appear he is hammering a piece of paper to the post. He puts the hammer back into his saddlebag, and the two men ride back in the direction of the town.
Sary drops the hoe she is using and starts for the front gate, “Come on Mizz Malinda let’s done go see what them fellers wuz up to.”
Nearing the gate Malinda can see the man has nailed a poster to the post. Walking closer she can see the words ‘Eviction Notice’ printed in bold letters at the top. She tears the placard from the post and reads it to Sary. “It says here that I have to come up with fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents in ninety days, or the sheriff is going to throw us off this place. A month ago is was only twenty-five dollars.”
Back at the house Malinda and Sary sit on the front porch steps. Malinda is worried, she doesn’t have the money and there is no way to get it. “Sary go find Stephen for me, would you, please.”
 “Stephen I want you to go down to Doc Crawford’s house. William and Isaac are down there now, tell William to see how much money the doctor is willing to pay for Blaze – he has wanted her for a while.”
“But Mama, you’re talking about Blaze!”
“I know son, but I’m trying to find a way we can continue to live on this place.” She explains to Stephen the Eviction Notice on the fence post stated they need fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents to pay the taxes.

DOC CRAWFORD 

“Boys, your mare has a good case of stable canker. Leaving her in a wet stable too long causes it. Has that been the case?”
“Yes sir,” answers William to Doc Crawford’s question. “We have kept her in the barn since them Home Guards ride by so often. We’ve been afraid they would see her in the pasture and take her for the Army.”
“I fully understand boys, but you must do a couple of things about her hooves. First clean out her stable of all wet hay and manure and replace it with some dry hay, and keep it dry. Next go out in the fields find and dig up some Poke roots. You boys know how to identify Poke don’t you? Yeah, I thought so, take the roots and place them in a pot and boil those roots until the water is tainted a yellowest-orange color. Put this liquid into a bucket and fill the bucket with cool water. Dip Blaze’s hooves into the liquid every few hours for a couple of days. She’ll be fine after that, just remember to keep her stable dry!”
As William and Isaac leave and begin walking back up the road toward home, they hear Stephen yelling as he comes running down the road towards them. “Wait William, wait!”
Breathless Stephen tells William he must see how much Doc Crawford will pay for Blaze. Both William and Isaac argue with Stephen about selling – he tells them the whole story that their mother had told him. They must have fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents in ninety days, or they are going to lose the farm.
The three boys gloomily walk back to Doc Crawford’s barn. Doc is sitting on a keg of nails making an entry in his journal. “Back so soon boys? See you got Stephen with you, what else can I do for you boys?”
“Mama sent Stephen to ask you if you are still interested in buying Blaze? Our land taxes are overdue, and unless we pay within ninety days the sheriff is going to throw us out,” Matthew said.
“Of course Matthew, I would like to buy Blaze, but these War times have been hard on everyone. I know in normal times she would be worth much more, but all I can afford to pay is twenty dollars in U.S. greenbacks. I wish it were more, but I have no more ready cash. Most times I get paid with a chicken, some eggs or a few vegetables. Hard U.S. money is not very plentiful. Most everyone has those worthless Confederate shinplasters.”
“Much obliged Doc; I’ll have to go back and give Mama your offer.”
“No hurry boys, just keep Blaze in a dry stable and soak her hooves in the Poke water two or three times a day and she will be fit as a fiddle in a few days.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE 
Strategy at the Farm 

William, Isaac, and Stephen find Malinda and Sary working in the vegetable garden. Malinda sees them coming and runs to meet her three boys, “What did Doc say?”
“Oh, he just said Blaze had canker on her hooves and a dry stable and soaking in Poke root juice would cure her right up.”
“No, not about Blaze’s hooves, what did he say about buying her?”
William was the first to complain, “Mama, surely we can’t sell Blaze it will be like selling one of the family.”
Malinda looks at the sad faces of her three sons, young Stephen Ingram has tears running down his face. She is as distraught as they, but she is also a realist too. “Boys go round up the other children and I will explain our situation.”
The whole family, including Sary, sits on the front porch as Malinda begins to describe their dire situation. She tells them they are two years behind in their land taxes. The sheriff has just sent out a couple of deputies who nailed an eviction notice on the front gate. She explained they must come up with fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents in ninety days, or the sheriff is going to foreclose on their farm. Even with the selling of Blaze they are still short thirty-two dollars and twenty-six cents, and they have no way to raise that much money.
William, the oldest begins, “But Mama, surely we can raise the money in three months time, can’t we?”
“Son, I have been giving this much thought, so has Sary, we probably can come up with a couple of more dollars but we just cannot get all the money in time. I know, we still have the two mules, but to survive we must have them to make a crop this coming season. Without them, we will starve, no matter where we live, besides both would fetch no more than ten or twelve dollars. ”
William asks what does his mother intend to do? He again states that the family does not want to get rid of Blaze, anything but selling the mare. Malinda reminds them they cannot raise the fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents even after selling Blaze, and they surely cannot come up with the entire amount of money.
Looking at William and Isaac, “You know Captain Labeau is after you two. We can’t keep you hid out forever, he is going to get you both before too long, and I agree, I don’t want to sell Blaze either. I thank Doc for his offer, but it is simply not enough money to stave off our situation.” Malinda continues to explain they have two choices  - stay on the farm and have their land ripped from under them or pack up their wagons and move back to Scarlett in South Carolina. She said she recently had heard some bad news from Scarlett. 
“Kids I know you young ones will not know who Uncle Isaac and Aunt Linda Lou are – Isaac is your father’s brother. Your father had transferred use of Scarlett to him before we moved to Alabama.” 
Malinda continued telling about Isaac. “You all remember that man that stopped by last week? His name was James Pool. James lived in Scarlettsville, but the War had ruined his farm. The Yankees have killed or confiscated all his livestock except the one mule he had hidden out, burned his house and barn and killed his oldest son. His son was only fourteen when they killed him for protesting joining the Army, so now Mr. Pool is moving his family to Texas. 
“He told me Uncle Isaac and Aunt Linda Lou were killed by a bunch of thieving Union deserters who rode onto Scarlett seeking any valuables they could find. The rest of the women folk hid in the root cellar as the men of the plantation tried to fight off the plundering malcontents. A couple of Scarlett’s men received wounds, but poor Isaac and Linda Lou were both killed at the foot of the front steps trying to prevent the looters from entering the big house. In addition, one field hand was also killed. The men succeeded in running the scavengers away, but not before they set the big house ablaze. With no help to put the fire out our our beautiful Scarlett burned to the ground. 
“Mr. Pool said the overseer Uncle Dave and his wife Ora Lee are alone living in the carriage house and have no idea how to run a plantation. Mr. Pool states the overseer has no help, whatsoever; all the men are away in the Army and after the fight all the workers on the plantation ran off too. 
“Uncle Dave is at his wit’s end, he knows planting season is upon them; however, he doesn’t know what to do and is asking if we could come for a visit and straighten things out. Uncle Dave sent word by Mr. Pool to tell us that the Union forces have left that part of South Carolina, so we do not have to worry about the Yankees. To make matters even worse after Uncle Isaac was killed no one can run Scarburg Mill. It is now abandoned and closed!
“Before our situation with the sheriff, I was considering a trip to Scarlettsville to see if we might be of some help. Now I see this as an opportunity to move back permanently to Scarlett. I know we cannot win the fight here with Captain Labeau. If only Robert were here to tell us what to do.
“We are a family and I realize you are just children, but it is your future we are deciding. We are going to vote, everyone will have a vote, from the youngest to the oldest. Here is what I purpose we vote on. First, do we stay here and get our land taken, if so, where do we live? Second, do we go back to South Carolina and try to do something with Scarlett?
“I’m going to give you a twig and a stone William will pass his hat around. If you want to stay, drop in the twig, if you want us to go back to Scarlett drop in the stone. The majority of twigs or stones will decide.
“There will be a total of seven votes, six for you children and one for Sary – I will not vote, I will abide by your decision. With seven votes, there cannot be a tie, we will either stay or return to Scarlett.”
The hat passes around the circle, and Sary cast the last vote. “All right, the decision has been made I will count the votes.” Malinda takes the hat from Sary and begins to count the ‘votes’, stone, stone, stone... the last object removed was a stone. After all the votes had been counted, there were seven stones and no twigs. “Scarlett here we come!” Malinda announces as a cheer goes up around the group.
“Stephen, go back to Doc Crawford’s place and thank him for the offer. Tell him as soon as Blaze’s hooves are well and she is able to travel we are leaving for South Carolina and will need the horse. Wait a minute,” she said running into the house and shortly returns carrying a piece of paper. “This is a Quit Claim deed that I have just written out giving our farm to the Doc. Tell him it is his if he can pay the fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents before the end of June.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO 
Colonel Adams

Robert seems to withdraw from reality after the death of his friend Ben. For months on end, he lies in his bunk, eating very little, talking even less. However, the winter is passing, and spring is not far behind – one can smell it in the air. The freshening breeze off Chesapeake Bay is beginning to feel a bit warmer and blows the stench of the prison away on some days, giving the prisoners a brief respite, if only for a little while.
Robert gave his small shop on Pennsylvania Avenue to one of his friends who gives him an occasional dollar or two. This small sum is enough to barely keep Robert alive.
His memory had entirely returned months earlier. The only indication of the bullet wound to his head is a bad scar on his forehead close to the hairline. The bayonet wound to his chest left only a jagged scar in front and a smaller one on his back. 
Lying on his bed staring at the top of his tent, he thinks of his farm in Alabama, especially his wife Malinda and his children. Also, he cannot help but remember Luke and Matthew. The last he saw of them was at Gettysburg. He wonders if they live or are they buried along with thousands of others in unmarked graves somewhere over the vastness of that gruesome battlefield.
The entrance to his tent by a Union sergeant breaks his reverie. The sergeant walks up to Robert’s bed and asks, “You be Sergeant Robert Scarburg?”
Startled, Robert turns to face his questioner, it has been a long time since anyone has addressed him by his military rank and full name, “Yes, I am Sergeant Robert Scarburg.”
“The Commandant of Lookout Point is of the understanding that you can read and write a fair hand. Is he correct in his assumption?”
“Well, yes of course I can read and write. Why would he ask?”
“The Colonel’s orderly, a Sergeant Owens come down with a sudden sickness and died. The Army won’t send the Commandant a replacement. The Colonel needs someone to send and receive his correspondence and answer same if necessary, and he needs someone now! He figures that someone to be you. Now git yerself up and follow me to see the Man.”
Walking into the building the Commandant uses as his office; Robert waits in an outer room until the Union guard opens the door, motioning to Robert, “The Colonel will see you now.”
Robert removes his forage cap, which is now but a few rags held together by just enough hope and a promise that keeps it from totally falling off his head, and walks into the Colonel’s office. 
Sitting at a large oak desk is a stoutly built man wearing a Union officer’s double-breasted, blue jacket with two double rows of gold buttons. On his shoulders are shoulder boards displaying an eagle signifying the rank of full colonel, a ‘bird colonel’ as the enlisted men refer to the rank of such officers. The shoulder insignias are trimmed in blue. A couple of strange thoughts come to Robert as he salutes the Colonel. The jacket, the Colonel wears, is a U.S. Army general’s coat. The shoulder boards trimmed in blue signify an infantry officer. An infantry general, now a prisoner-of-war commandant Colonel, albeit a bird colonel, that doesn’t seem right. Something isn’t adding up. 
Holding his salute he addresses the Colonel, “Sergeant Robert Scarburg, reporting to the Commandant, as ordered Sir!”
The Colonel appeared busy signing some papers and did not look up. Gesturing a half-hearted salute he orders Robert to “Stand at ease.” 
The sad shape Robert is in, health-wise, whether at ‘attention’ or ‘at ease’ the Colonel would not have been able to tell the difference. The sentry stands at the door at attention. The Colonel places the pen in the inkwell, motions to the sentry, “Wait outside,” and then turns his attention to Robert. “I understand you have had some formal education and can read and write, am I correct?”
“Yes sir, that is correct,” Robert responds.
Getting up from his desk he walks around and sits on its corner, “And, I understand you surrendered at Gettysburg?”
“Yes sir, I mean, you Yanks did capture me all right, but only after I was wounded, I did not voluntarily surrender, Sir.”
“Yes, yes, I understand, very commendable, I was at Gettysburg too. I commanded a Division of the XI Corps north of town on the first day; General Jubal Early’s Division of the South’s II Corps overran us. I could have succeeded in my advance if General Howard had re-enforced my Division,” Robert could see in his eyes the Colonel was re-living every moment of that first day at Gettysburg. “You in Early’s division?”
“No, Sir, we briefly got into the fight that first day but didn’t get into the hard fightin’ until the 2nd day. I was in Longstreet’s 1st Corp, under General Hood, the 48th Alabama. We did our fighting at Little Round Top and Devil’s Den, a little ways south of town at the far left of your line of battle on Cemetery Ridge. That’s where I was wounded and captured.”
“Well, I did the best I could with the quantity of men I had. They blamed the defeat north of town on me and reduced me from a Brigadier General to this lowly colonel’s rank. You know,” the Colonel said speaking as though he were talking to one of his officer peers, “they don’t seem to realize once General Early forced the Union Army to retreat below town to Cemetery Ridge, we gained the whole advantage of the battle. We held the high ground!”
Robert had heard reports of the Battle of Gettysburg many times by various participants there with him in prison and the Colonel was correct, General Meade’s defense of Cemetery Ridge won the battle for the North. The position made a formidable defense against Pickett’s fatal charge on the 3rd day of battle.
“Oh, I can still hear General Meade reading those orders:  

‘For dereliction of duty by advancing his Division to an indefensible position which was overrun by General Jubal Early’s Corps resulting in the capture, wounding or death of his entire Division. Brigadier General Francis C. Adams is hereby reduced from the rank of Brigadier General to the rank of Colonel and is hereby re-assigned...’

“ Re-assigned hell, they might as well have cashiered me out of the Army as to send me here. I suppose they would have thrown me out had it not been that I am the grandson of President John Quincy Adams and the great–grandson of John Adams. Let me tell you Sergeant having famous relatives can be a blessing, but sometimes it is a curse. My assignment to this God forsaken place is one of those cursed times. I wish the Army would have just let me resign my commission.”
“I’m sorry sir, but I don’t have any famous relatives, oh, my great-great-grandpappy was hung by the British – does that count?”
The Colonel walks back around his desk, opens a drawer and takes out a half empty bottle of Old Crow, a Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey. “I guess if it is good enough for old General Grant,” holding the bottle up for Robert to see, “it’ll be good enough for you and me.” 
He pulls out the cork with his teeth, spits it aside, finds two glasses, and pours his almost to the rim and about two fingers full in the other for Robert. Touching glasses, the Colonel says, “To the Union, may it long survive.” Turning his glass up he downs the contents before stopping, then turns to Robert, “Now get the hell out!”
Although the toast was to the survival of the Union Robert could not refrain, it was the first whiskey he had tasted in such a very long time. Upon downing his portion, it took his breath, and he thought his throat was surely on fire. He wanted to cough but resisted the temptation until he was out of the Colonel’s office. 
Rubbing the remains of the alcohol from his mustache and beard Robert returns to the outer waiting room and addresses a Sergeant sitting at a small table, “Sir, what am I supposed to do?”
“Do? Do? Sit at that other table, and you do what I tell you to do? Get it Johnny Reb?”
“Yes Sergeant I get it, but the names ‘Robert’ not ‘Johnny’.”
Robert walks over to the bare table, pulls out the single chair and sits with his hands, fingers interlaced, on the table. The Sergeant turns toward Robert. Robert drops his hands down to his sides, ‘was I not supposed to touch the table,’ he thinks. “Robert huh? I don’t like Robert, yous is Bob, yeah that’s good, I’m gonna call you Bob... Bob run over to the mess house and tell Cookie that Sergeant Samuel O. Belue”, (he pronounces his name as ‘Blue’), “wants a slice of ham on some bread.”
Robert jumps up, “Yes sir Sergeant,” and hurries to the door.
“Oh, while you’re at it tell him to fix one fer yerself, ‘cause now you is my assistant. Drop by the Quartermaster’s place and tell him Blue said to fix you up with some better clothing. It just ain’t right to have a sorry soul as you work for me and the Commandant and look the way you do. Git a bath too, they got hot water out behind the officer’s laundry, jest tell ’em Blue sent you. When you git done go up to the postal office and git the Commandant’s mail, and be quick about it, yer hear?” 
Before Blue could say another word Robert said, “And tell’em Blue send me for the mail. Right Sir?”  
“Correct, and, by the way, don’t call me Sir, I work fer a livin’.” 
It must be around midnight as Robert lay in his bunk thinking if the day had been real or was that bullet to the head causing him to imagine things. If it were real, he knew one thing – the name ‘Blue’ was like saying God had sent him, ‘cause it sure parted the seas and opened the doors around the prison.
He had run errands all afternoon for Blue and wrote a couple of letters for the Commandant, nothing important, one to Headquarters requesting a re-assignment for the Colonel and another to his wife. He wonders, who would want someone else writing to their wife. Odd, he thinks.
The flap of the tent flies up, and a soldier with a lantern enters, “Bob? Bob? Where the heck you at?” The soldier with the light asks.
“You looking for Robert Scarburg?”
“Yeah, it that you Bob? What the dickens are you doin’ back down here?”
“This is where I live, who’s asking?”
“It’s me Bob; Blue, git yer belongings yer supposed to live in that side room with me at the Commandant’s office.”
‘This can’t be,’ thought Robert, ‘this has got to be that bullet to my head.’
Next morning Blue asks, “Are you a religious man Bob?”
“Are you asking if I believe in God if so, the answer is yes, but do I sit and read my Bible daily, the answer is no. If you...”
“Enough Bob, enough! I don’t want to hear yer entire religion background I just wanted to know if you knew this Sunday was Easter. My father was a Presbyterian minister, and we celebrated Good Friday and Easter. Today is Good Friday; Easter will be the 27th of March.”
“Yes Blue, we did celebrate the Resurrection, but we did not use the name Easter, our family celebrated Resurrection Sunday. Why? I’m not quite sure, but it had to do something about my grandfather I think. But thanks, I knew Resurrection Sunday was sometime in March or April but I was not sure of its exact date. It’s going to be pretty early this year, huh Blue?”
“You know Easter travels around from Sunday to Sunday each year, reckon hows they know when to have it?”
“Well, Blue, Resurrection Sunday is always the first Sunday after the first full moon past the beginning of spring. Spring is around the 20th or 21st of March.”
“Well, do tell. Never noed that, but it’s right, yesterday there was a full moon.”
“That would have been the 24th, this is about as early as Resurrection Sunday can come.”
“Yeah, Sunday will be the 27th of March, 1864. This will be the fourth year I have spent Easter in this man’s Union Army, what about you Bob?”
“I joined in the spring of ’62, so I suppose this will be my third Resurrection Sunday in the Confederate army. I surely hope and pray I will not be in this place for a fourth, in 1865.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE 
The Picnic 

Sitting under an apple tree high up on the mountainside Luke and Catherine can see the farm down below; the wind rustles softly through the Golden Russet’s leaves. The air is warm, blowing rippling waves across the sea of grass as far as the eye can see. The ripening apples scent the air with a pleasant, sweet aroma. 
They are enjoying a summer picnic. 
Spread out on the blanket are fruits and melons recently picked from their garden and the orchard. Savoring the taste of freshly picked strawberries Luke has a far-away look in his eye as he leans back on his elbow gazing out across the waves of wind-blown grass.
“Penny for your thoughts,” says Catherine.
“Oh, just thinking of home and my family. Wondering if I will ever get back to Alabama again.”
“You remember the day you and Sam brought that bear down from the mountain? And you took me in your arms and kissed me?”
“Why, I never...you were the one that did all that kissing stuff Catherine Ann Babb!”
“Didn’t that kiss tell you something?”
“Oh yeah, it told me how cold I was.”
Picking up a piece of fruit and throwing it at Luke, she pouted by saying, “Why Luke Scarburg I ain’t never!”
“You ain’t never what?”
“Didn’t you know right then and there that I loved you?”
“Loved me? Catherine, you’re just a kid. That is just a silly notion on your part. Some day you’ll find an exceptional young man and settle down with him and raise a dozen children.” 
Sliding over close to Luke, her long, silky, black hair waved in the breeze. She took his face in her hands, her emerald green eyes looked deep within his as she planted a big kiss on his lips. “I’ve already found that exceptional man I want to settle down with.” 
Pulling back, Luke said stammering and stuttering, “Hmm, uh... you just wait a minute, Catherine Ann Babb, like I said you’re just a kid! You’re just eighteen, and young lady I’m thirty-two!”
“I was nineteen my last birthday Luke Scarburg, and if you won’t have me, I guess I’m just going to be an old maid!” Wiping a fake tear from her eye with her dainty embroidered handkerchief, “and besides in only thirteen years I’ll be thirty-two also!”
“Now, now, Catherine do not cry. I promised your father I would see after you, and if that means marrying you then, I’ll do that too.” Slipping back across the blanket closer to Catherine, “I’m just a big liar Catherine, I remember that kiss like it was yesterday. I’ve loved you from that first night I saw you when we stumbled into your house from the blizzard. I thought you were the prettiest thing that I have ever laid my two eyes up on.” 
“Truly Luke? And you’re not just saying that because you told Father you would see after me?”
“Yes, I truly mean it, I just thought a beautiful young girl like you would never have feelings for an old, war-weary, soldier like me.” 
“Yes, I do care, and I care deeply,” Catherine said throwing her arms around his neck again. “I love you Luke Scarburg, you old galoot.”
As they were finishing their day together Catherine was packing up. Luke took her hand in his, “Catherine it is summer, harvest season will be upon us before we know it, and then we must leave. We must go to Alabama.”
“By ‘we’ you mean me, Sam and Nate.”
Putting his arms around her waist and pulling her close, he kissed her, “Yes you bet I mean we!”

THE MAP

As Luke and Catherine return from their afternoon of picnicking, back at the farmhouse, Nate and Sam sit resting on the front porch. Nate has his boots propped up on the porch railing. He grins as Luke and Catherine walk toward the front steps, “You young’ens have a good time?”
Luke slaps Nate’s boot with his hat, “Yes we did you old coot, besides it isn’t none of your beeswax!”
“Well, it took you long ‘nuff to see them sparklers in Mizz Catherine’s eyes. I thought you had done gone blind, but I thought you might git around to a little sparkin’ sooner or later.”
“Oh, hush up, you old busy body. Now that everyone is here, especially you Sam, I wanted to return that gold nugget and the map to the gold stream.”
“Now wait a minute Luke, you mean that tale you told me and Nate, about those outlaws, old Rufus and that bear, was all true?” Catherine said finding her a chair. “Well, I’ll be, I thought you and Sam made up that story on account of me being so mad at you both for that bear you brought in.”
“Yes, it is all true, and the gold filled stream is also real” Pulling out the hunk of gold from his pocket, “As you can see by the size of this nugget,” said Luke handing her the shiny, gold piece of metal, and giving the map to Sam. 
“I am going to carry you and Sam to my folk’s home in Alabama. Once you are of age, Sam you can come back here, find that stream, and become one of Kentucky’s richest men. As far as Catherine Ann, I’ve asked her to marry me, and we intend to make us a good life in Alabama. Is all this fine with you Sam?”
Nodding his head yes, but he could not take his eyes off the beautiful gold nugget Catherine was admiring.
“All right now that’s settled let’s do some planning. It is late spring, Resurrection Sunday has come and gone, and the 4th of July is nearing. We have finished the planting; harvest time should be in a month or two. 
““We must dry what vegetables and fruit we can; we need to kill the game and cure it and make jerky. The first cold freeze we will butcher the hog, cure and salt as much of the meat as we can for the trip. The main thing: we must take our provisions with us, we cannot rely on trying to supply our needs from the countryside – this War has ravaged everything. There are no supplies to be had; we cannot forage along our route of travel. 
“We must get on the trail in the early fall because winter will be just ahead. We will have to prepare all our provisions and leave before the first snowfall. We can be in Alabama in about a month, give or take. We should be able to get there before Christmas.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR
Going Back to Carolina 
 
A couple of days after the sheriff’s deputies posted the Eviction Notice on the gate post Malinda sits on the back veranda watching the evening sun drop behind the soft, rolling hills of Brindlee Mountain far off to her west. There were just enough clouds to color the sunset brilliant shades of orange, reds, yellows and whites. ‘What a wonderful picture this would make,’ she thought. Her mind was on the peaceful sunset; she did not hear the hooves of a horse silently, stepping around the corner of the house.
“Good evening señorita,” Labeau greeted Malinda touching his hat with his index finger.
“What are you doing here you scoundrel? And don’t be referring to me as a señorita, you know I am a married woman!”
“Ah yes, that is what I have come this evening to talk to you about. You have not heard a word from your man, what is his name?? Robert, yes, that is right Robert. But he has not posted you a letter since his leaving. Do you not find this strange? You know, I don’t think your Robert is comin’ back, so I thinks for me to call you señorita is correct.”
“I’m telling you Labeau get off my place!”
“Now, now Señorita Malinda do not be so hasty – it will not be as you say ‘your place’ in another month or so, but I have a solution to your problem. You see, I will own this place pretty quick now. I have always thought you to be a handsome woman Malinda – ah, Malinda, such a pretty name too. I see no reason that you cannot stay on when I buy this farm. Of course, some arrangements will have to be made - if you get my understanding.”
Getting up from her chair she moves toward the door, “I’ll tell you what my understanding is Señore Labeau, it’s this 12-gauge shotgun.  I’ve got it standing here by my door, and I’m going to show you what my ‘understanding’ is you dirty dog!” Malinda reaches the door, grabs the gun swings it around to face Labeau, but the yard is empty. Labeau has left as silently as he arrived.

MOVING OUT

It is late spring; the sun is getting hot this time of the year in northern Alabama. Removing her bandana to wipe the sweat from her brow, Sary speaks to Malinda, “Lands sake Mizz Malinda is we gonna take everthin’ we’s got back to Caroline?”
“Oh, hush up Sary and keep loading these wagons, you know we will have to live off of everything we take with us.”
“Yes ’em, but I worry ‘bout that poor old hoss and them two mules, they got to haul all of this stuff.”
“I know, you’re right Sary, that’s why I’ve been loading most of our heavy things in the big wagon, those mules can pull that load pretty well. We’ll give them plenty of rest along the way; we won’t be in a hurry. Blaze can take care of this two-wheel cart; she isn’t used to pulling a wagon, but the cart isn’t much different than pulling a plow, she’ll be fine.”
“In a few days it’s gwine to be the 1st of May. I’m thinkin’ that should be ‘bout right for us to get on the road, besides the notice is plumb neer run out, and we’s been lucky Louie Labeau hasn’t been back for yore boys. Yeah, it’s time for us to get going whiles we can.”
‘Wrong,’ though Malinda, ‘he’s been back all right, but you’re right about one thing – he was after something, but it wasn’t the boys!’
In a couple of days Malinda announces tomorrow morning they are to hitch the teams to the wagons, grab the gun, tie the cow to the cart, and they are going to begin the next great chapter in their lives, the journey back to Scarlett in South Carolina.
The sun is barely up and all the Scarburg family, including Sary, are gathered in the front yard. Mattie Ann is sniffling, and a tear can be seen at the edge of Malinda’s eye.
“Mama,” said William. “Let’s burn this place to the ground, the barn too before we go. I’ll drop one of the dead animals down the water well then I’ll pour in a gallon of kerosene. Let’s not leave them nothin.’ It ain’t right them Carpetbaggers should take our farm!”
“Hush up with that kind of talk boy, we’re a Christian family and we’re going to remain a law-abiding Christian family too, do you hear me? I know it doesn’t feel right, and it’s not, but taking out spite is not in our family’s nature, you understand? Besides, we’ll need that kerosene before we reach Scarlett.” William had his head bowed, but he nodded he understood. “All right then, let’s get on these wagons, but before you do bow your heads, 

“The fear of man bringeth a snare, but whoso putteth his trust in the LORD shall be safe. Proverbs 20:25”

 “That’s what Scripture says. Amen!”. ”
 “Mizz Malinda,” said Sary, “can I have my say too?”
“Of course,” Malinda replied.
Sary looks at all those getting ready to get on the wagons and asks them to kneel in a circle. They all join hands as Sary begins,
 
“Oh, Lords, be our guide and our protector on this here journey we’s about to take. 
Watch over us. Protect us from those low-down rascal thieves and them no-account ruffians on the road. Don’t let no harm come to our body and soul. Now Lords what you does with them, now that’s your bizness, I jes prays you learn them the error of their sinful lives. 
Dear Lords, prop us up with Your grace when we’s get plumb tuckered out. Helps us to always be patient in any trouble, which may come our way. ‘Cause it will since wes got a long ways to go. 
Keep us always mindful of Your presence and love. May God in heaven ride with us on this dangerous journey, and may you sends one of your Heavenly angels to protect us and give us a helping hand, if the need comes. 

“That’s what Sary says. Amen!”
After a moment or two of silence Malinda said, “Well, I guess that just about covers it...” 
“No,” said Sary walking toward their small family cemetery under the big old oak tree, “I gots to say my goodbyes to Jed, Jefferson, and our sweet little Margaret.”
“Holdup Sary I want to go with you.”
Walking toward the small cemetery to pay their last respects, Malinda asks Sary, “You’re sure we packed Luke’s big family Bible?”
“I’m sure Mizz Malinda. I done put it in its wooden box and placed the box in the wagon myself.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE 
Burial Detail 

Robert thinks he is living in another world. Spring has come and gone, and he has one of the best jobs in the whole camp. He has plenty of food to eat, a warm, dry place to sleep and the work is easy. Of course, he must work with Commandant Colonel Adams, and he is a very hard man, to say the least.
After his demotion at Gettysburg from General to Colonel, he seems to take his bitterness out on everyone and everything. He has become a very cruel and unforgiving man. Any prisoner brought before him is dealt with in a harsh and sometimes brutal and sadistic manner.
He even had a pair of wooden stocks built in the middle of the prison yard. Prisoners guilty of minor offenses have their heads and hands thrust through the stocks and stand exposed to the elements sometimes for days. During periods of cold or rainy weather prisoners in the stocks already with bodies in poor physical condition will most times die an excruciated, painful death. Healthier ones sometimes go days before the Colonel will allow them a few morsels of food or a sip of water.
Robert tries his hardest not to fall out of the good graces of the Commandant and does everything within his power to please Sergeant Belue. 
Blue can be just as ruthless, if not more so, than the Colonel at times. 
Robert remembers one time when two prisoners argued over the ownership of a wooden hardtack box. The disagreement led to a round of fist-a-cuffs. Neither prisoner was in good enough shape to do the other any actual harm, but Sergeant Blue broke up the fight. Well, better it was called a wrestling match. “So you two want to see who is the better man, huh?” Having procured another hardtack box Blue had the prisoners fill both boxes with rocks. “Now hold these over your heads, the first to drop their box will be the loser, the other may have the cracker box.” 
He summoned one of the black guards and instructed him to jab them with his bayonet each time one of the prisoners tried to lower his box. He stood the two men out by the stocks and began the contest. The black guard was all too eager to fulfill his orders. Once a box started to come down the guard would thrust his bayonet into the body of the offender, sometimes he would penetrate the skin as much as an inch or so. Blood was streaming down the legs of both men. It was beginning to puddle upon the ground, but Blue would not allow them to stop. 
One of the men finally, exhausted, dropped his box and fell prostrate upon the ground. “Kill him,” Blue said to the guard. Without hesitation he immediately thrust his bayonet clean through the man lying on the ground. The remaining man dropped his box and fell to his knees thinking he had survived the grueling contest and won the box. Blue said to the black guard, “He will have no need of a cracker box either, kill him too.” The guard quickly did as ordered.
For a couple of months, all the talk around the prison is about the peace talks – peace at last. The summer is hot on that narrow spit of land between the Chesapeake Bay and the Potomac River. The mosquitoes, some days, are as thick as smoke. Most men are covered in so many bites it appears they have taken a case of the ‘pox. The Bay and the River increases the humidity to such a degree that any amount of fatigue duty results in the death of many of the men. As the summer drags on Robert thinks the Commandant is losing so many men, the Colonel might slack back on the work details when the days are so hot. Is Robert thinking the Commandant has a heart? If he has one, it is stone cold; in fact, death among the prisoners has gotten so bad Blue orders Robert the assignment of picking burial details for the dead.
Robert loathes this assignment. Picking people to dig graves in this hot, sweltering weather is just like giving them their own death sentence. Men within the camp hide when they see Robert walking among them.
Men from the burial detail have gotten so sickly Robert thinks something must be done immediately, so he approaches Sergeant Belue. Catching Blue by himself at the Commandant’s office Robert musters up enough courage to ask, “Sergeant, I know you are aware of it, but I am burying almost as many from the burial detail as I am the prison dead.”
“That’s good, the more we can get rid of the better.”
Robert drums up enough courage to be bold; however, it might be a foolish move on his part, “Sarge, may I talk frankly? The talk all over Point Lookout is the War is about over. I know you have noticed in the past few weeks the amount of prisoners arriving has almost stopped.”
“What’s yer point Bob?”
“Blue, you and I have somewhat become friends since I came to work for the Commandant, would you say that is true?”
“Sure, I suppose I can tolerate your Rebel arse, what is yer tryin’ to say?”
 “The men, I have to pick for burial details, are so emaciated and starved they cannot be efficient workers. I would like to ask your permission to establish a select group of prisoners as a permanent burial detail. I would like you to give me permission to get Cookie to provide these men on burial detail extra rations so I can build up their strength and stamina. 
“Second, and this is personal Blue, and I speak not as your enemy but as a friend. When this War ends, and it will eventually, officers and enlisted men who have misused or abused their positions of authority, now I’m not saying this would include you, but others will certainly be held accountable. 
“After every war, the Congress has established committees to oversee the past conduct of the war, this will include maltreatment or abuse of prisoners. Those in charge can and have, in the past, gone to prison for their part. In some cases, it is not unheard of that hangings are warranted. To those that have been in charge and showed compassion, compassion might be shown in their cases, I’m just saying in case a person is charged.”
Blue sat with a blank stare on his face. He blinked a couple of times as though waking from a dream and says, “I see yer point Bob, tell Cookie to do it, that makes sense. I don’t want me one of them rope neckties.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX 
The Swamp Fox 

 “Mama,” said Mattie Ann, as she climbs up on the wagon seat with Malinda, “how far is it to Scarlett?”
“Hon, I really don’t know, when we came to Alabama your father said it would take us about two weeks to get here, but it took us nearly a month. Back then we had your father, Uncle Jed and Jefferson, now it’s just us, so I say it will take us a couple of months, if all goes well.”
“What about my sister Cecelia June, why don’t you ever talk about her? Will she be at Scarlettsville when we get there?”
“Baby girl, the reason I do not talk about Cecelia, is simply the fact that it is very difficult for me to speak of her. You’re old enough now, so I’ll tell you. She married Lester Smith in July of 1849; we left for Alabama in ’52.”
“Wasn’t she the oldest Mama? What happened to her?”
“Yes, she was hon, she was my firstborn. Baby Paul was the second. A couple of years after we left Scarlettsville she and Lester both died,” Malinda said with tears streaming down her face. 
“In the 1830’s the Federal government moved all the Indians from their homes in South Carolina to Oklahoma. That move is now known as the ‘Trail of Tears’ March, but many of the Indians hid in the mountains and did not go. It is said, but never proven, that the government sent Indian traders, years later, in among the remaining tribes with smallpox-infected blankets. The government wanted to remove all remaining Indians left in the East by trading the infected blankets to the Indians. Your older sister Cecelia June and Lester ran a small store in Scarlettsville. The government sent the smallpox blankets to their store sealed in wooden crates before moving them out to the Indians. Cecelia and Lester opened the boxes for easier distribution to the Indian,, both came down with the ‘pox and died soon after.”
“Mama, did the ‘pox kill little Paul too?”
“No darling, he just got sick and did not recover, he was just a few months old. I always thought he caught pneumonia.” 
For the first week or so the small wagon train moves east from Albertville, down Sand Mountain, into the valley, to a small military outpost at Fort Payne, Alabama. This route skirts the mighty Tennessee River, which is much too broad and swift for them to attempt a crossing, and the only close ferry would take them in the wrong direction. The small fort is in a narrow valley on Big Wills Creek immediately west of Lookout Mountain with Sand Mountain somewhat more removed to the southwest. Fort Payne was a good safe place to rest for a few days.
Once their animals were rested, the family gets their two-wagon wagon train back on the trail to South Carolina. Their next obstacle is the wilderness surrounding the area of the Tallulah River of northeast Georgia. The area is dense, and the view to their front is severely limited by the growth of hardwood trees and a considerable amount of undergrowth.
They have been out of the fort for about a week; it is late afternoon Malinda looks for a suitable spot to make camp for the night. She stops the two wagons in an open grassy area next to a cool, running creek, which apparently flows from a spring somewhere up the mountainside.
 “Stephen you and Thomas Henry get the fishing poles and see if you might catch a couple of trout for supper. William you and Isaac get the campfire started while Sary and I get the stew going.” Speaking to Mattie Ann and Lizzie, “You two just make yourselves useful.”
Stephen and Thomas are gleefully whooping as they land a couple of large rainbow trout. Thomas proudly rushes back into camp with a twelve-inch whopper. Stephen has that downcast look of dejection, but his ten-inch fish is a trophy too. Malinda gives both pats on the head and Sary oohs and awes at their catch. “Boys get over on that log and clean those two beauties; they are going to make some tasty eating for supper.”
Stephen and Thomas are laughing and slapping each other on the back as they begin cleaning their two fish. “What was that?” Stephen quietly asks, looking towards the woods. 
“Don’t know, didn’t hear nothin’.”
“There, hear that? That was the whinny of a horse coming through the woods. Mama,” Stephen said to his mother in a loud whisper, “someone’s coming!”
“Sary, get the gun out of the wagon.”
 Malinda has the 12-gauge in her hands as a couple of men on horseback come quickly out of the woods into the light of the fire. They appear to be dressed in uniform, but neither blue nor gray. What they wear is a Forest Green color. Their faces are tanned from months of exposure to the sun; in fact, their skin has more the appearance of animal leather than human skin. Their eyes are sunken deep in to their eye sockets and appear as though they have seen many unhappy events in the past. Both have shaggy beards that have grown to the top of their green collars. The closest man has a chew of tobacco; so large Malinda wonders how he ever got it into his mouth. Both have long, cavalry sabers hanging from their belts and bedrolls tied to the back of their saddles. The saddles, from where Malinda stands, appear to be military – but to which side do they belong, Yankee or Confederate?
The one closest spits tobacco juice on the ground beside his horse, “Howdy Ma’am, we smelt yer fire from a ways off and thought we might need to reconnoiter the situation. What’s two wimmen like yerselfs doing out here in this wilderness? I sees you have three or four boys with you, where’s yer men folk?”
“The three men with us are out in the woods gathering up firewood!” Malinda says, thinking that might forestall any villainous intentions the two vagabonds might have.
“Seems to me,” said the man, “you’ve got plenty wood piled up there already.” Dismounting from his horse, “What’s we havin’ fer supper? I sees a big pot of somethin’ boilin’ there over that far, and them two over by the logs got a couple of dandy fryin’ fish. Thanks fer invitin’ us fer supper.”
Malinda raises the shotgun, “You hit that saddle on your horse, and the two of you get back to wherever you came from, I mean it!”
“Now,” said man number one, “you don’t have to git so uppity. We’s just tryin’ to be friendly, and thought you might be neighborly and let us have a bit of yer hot food. We ain’t et no hot vittles in quite a spell, and yous for shore the first wimmen we’ve seen up close in a mighty long spell too. White or black, right Herman?” 
Looking at the two women from his horse Herman grins showing a mouth full of teeth that had never seen a dentist and was missing a tooth or two, “Yore right Jimbo, and that honey-haired one is shore purty.” 
Jimbo had not made any attempt to get back upon his horse. He unbuttoned his jacket to expose a large Colt pistol buckled to his hip in a manner that made it easy to get to, and placed his right hand on the handle. “What you say about them vittles little lady?” Glancing toward their wagons, he said, “What about them wagons? What ya got in them? Whatcha say me and you git in one of them and have a little fun after we done et?”
Malinda has made up her mind; although she isn’t pleased about the situation, if he wants fun then she’s going to let him have some fun – fun from the business end of her 12 gauge. She is going to kill these two before they get the upper hand on her. She pulls the two rabbit-eared hammers back on the shotgun. She takes up the tension on the trigger with her finger. Malinda is within a fraction of a second from killing these two, when suddenly another green clad rider emerges from the woods, “What’s going on here Sergeant?” announces the latest newcomer. 
Malinda releases her finger’s tension on the shotgun’s trigger. Looks toward the tree line, but cannot plainly see the man speaking. The sun is directly at his back, and all she can see is the outline of a man with the suns rays seemingly radiating from his body giving him an ethereal appearance.
“Well Sir,” said the Sergeant, “these here kind ladies was jest about to ask us to sup with them, ain’t that right ma’am?”
Assessing the situation, it was three armed riders against her one shotgun with only two barrels. She figures the odds are on the side of the three with the pistols so she replies, “Yes, that is right, we were just going to invite these two gentlemen to eat supper with us. Would you care to join us?”
“Sergeant! You and the corporal get back to our camp and get your meal there like the rest of the men, now git!”
Jimbo saluting, “Yessir, Captain, we’s goin’, come on Herman,” he says as he hurriedly mounts his horse.
Stepping from his mount, the Captain removes his hat. Malinda could plainly see him now but couldn’t help notice his hat was adorned with a large black ostrich feather. “I’m sorry ladies if my men were a nuisance to you. Those were two of my scouts Sergeant James Guthrey and Corporal Herman Gullion. Sometimes, living in the woods months on end as we do, they overstep their bounds and forget their manners. Let me introduce myself, and apologize for their behavior, I will deal with them later. Ladies I am Captain Francis Marion, some call me the Swamp Fox.”
Malinda is startled, “Francis Marion, I seem to remember there was a Swamp Fox named Francis Marion in the Revolutionary War?”
“Your memory is totally accurate Madam that was my forefather General Francis Marion. I am Captain Francis Gabriel Marion, his great-great-grandson.  I lead as my forefather did before me, an outfit of guerilla rangers who operate behind the enemy lines. We wear the green uniforms to blend in with the green of the forest. All my men are volunteers and are as skilled woodsmen as they are excellent soldiers. That is, excepting their manners.”
Malinda introduces herself and her family. She explains that they are on their way to South Carolina, and her husband and two sons are fighting for the Confederacy. Where exactly, she does not know. She explains about losing the farm for back taxes and the need to move to a place where she has relatives.
“Obviously by leaving your home in Alabama to the tax collector you are limited in funds,” taking a leather pouch from his saddlebag he tosses it to Malinda. “Take this, you might need provisions along the way and a toll will have to be paid to the ferryman to cross the river between Georgia and South Carolina.”
“No! Sir,” responds Malinda, “I’m afraid we cannot take your money, you and your men will have need of it!”
“Do not worry Mrs. Scarburg, it once belonged to the Union Army, we can all ways persuade the Yankees to give us more,” he said grinning. “It has been a pleasure meeting you all, and I wish you a safe journey to your destination in Carolina. My men will ensure your safe passage until you reach the thundering water of Anna Ruby Falls. This unique double waterfall cascades off of Tray Mountain in a spectacular fashion, you will be safe until you reach that area. From there to the Carolina border be on the lookout not only for Yankees, but deserters of both armies and of course run-away slaves. I suggest you camp at the base of the waterfall for a couple of weeks until the Yankee’s command garrisoned on the Georgia and South Carolina border move out and return back up north. Post guards at night and in the daytime always remain on alert. Until we meet again, I bid you adieu.” Tipping his hat, he mounts his horse, turns and disappears into the forest as quickly as he had arrived.
“Quick Mizz Malinda open that poke. How much money did he’s gave us?”
“Lordy, Sary! What am I to do with you?” Malinda said smiling. She may be grinning and making jest with Sary, but she is just as interested in the money as Sary. Exploring the contents of the pouch she sees it is only a couple of small gold pieces and a few silver coins that total nearly twelve dollars; however, twelve dollars is exactly twelve dollars more money than they had before the stranger arrived!
As they were about to board the wagons and leave, Malinda recalled the words of Sary’s prayer “… and may you sends one of your Heavenly angels to protect us and give us a helping hand, if the need comes.”
‘Well, I’ll be,’ thought Malinda, ‘Francis Gabriel Marion!’ Speaking softly to Sary, she whispers, “Gabriel, the Archangel!”

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN 
What’s your Business 
 
The late summer air is stifling and hot as Luke sits on the front porch cleaning the guns he and Sam had gotten off the dead outlaws after they killed the bear at the cabin. They had salvaged three Colt handguns, two Henry .44 caliber carbine rifles, and three skinning knives. He has just finished cleaning and loading one of the Henrys as he notices four riders approaching from the direction of Knoxville. He assumes they were heading over the mountain to Lexington, Kentucky. He assumed wrong.
When the riders reach the gate leading to the farmhouse, they stop. They do not nudge their horses forward up the mountain instead they turn left and enter through the gate. From the gate to the house, a distance of about five hundred yards, the riders spur their mounts in to a slow gallop.
As they approach Luke stands up and walks to the railing of the porch carrying one of the Henrys, fully loaded. As the four men near, he can see they are not locals, they each are riding double hitched, Texas quarter horses, the type of horse used to rope and herd cattle. The man riding in front wears a pair of black, boot length, leather chaps. His Mexican roping saddle is glistening, black leather, inlaid with silver. His spurs are so large Luke can hear them jingling as he approaches. All four wear leather vests and large, ten-gallon Texas Stetsons. Colt .44 six-shooters are strapped to the leg of each. They each have lassos tied to the right side of their saddles, and leather chaps draped over the front of the saddles. The bullets in their pistol belts glint in the sunlight as they near.
“Howdy, friend,” the lead rider says to Luke as he reins his horse to a stop.
Before answering, Luke looks the strangers over closely; the one with the black chaps has a .44 on each hip with the butts turned forward. Luke assumes this is to necessitate a faster draw. Luke recognizes a gunfighter when he sees one. He didn’t know about the other three, but this one dude is not only the leader he is also the fast draw of the bunch. Setting the Henry butt end down upon the porch railing, finger on the trigger, hammer back Luke replies, “What’s your business?”
“Now,” says the gunslinger, “that don’t sound very neighborly, friend.”
“Two things wrong with that,” says Luke.
“What you tryin’ to say friend?”
“I ain’t tryin’, I’m sayin’, I ain’t your neighbor and I’m sure ain’t your friend. Now turn them horses of yours around and mosey, yeah that’s what you say in Texas ain’t it, ‘mosey’ on back to the gate and keep on going. Turn left and you’ll find The Lone Star state in about a thousand miles.”
 The gunslinger sits up in his saddle and asks, “Where’d you get that Henry carbine? It’s got the initials “B.B.” carved in the stock. That rifle belongs to Bert Black. How’d you get it?”
“Bert must’a lost it, and I found it, guess it rightly belongs to me now,” said Luke.
As Luke talks the gunfighter begins to throw his left leg over his horse’s flank as if going to dismount. Luke grabs the Henry and pulls the trigger, the gunfighter falls headfirst to the ground. The .44, the gunfighter had slipped into his right hand to ambush Luke, falls to the ground also. 
The other three pull their pistols and begin to fire; Luke ducks behind a porch post as slivers of wood begin to rain down on him. The outlaws are shooting so fast he cannot stick his head out to get another shot; suddenly he hears the crack of the old Spencer repeater, opening up from the barn. 
Nate knocks one of the riders from his horse with the first shot. Luke now has time to begin emptying his Henry toward the remaining two gunmen. One gunman breaks toward the road in an attempt to escape to the front gate; Luke hears the belching of fire coming from a Colt .44 from behind the big old oak tree beside the barn. It is Sam. Sam fires again and headfirst the rider crumbles from the saddle onto the dirt. 
Number four hollers, “Don’t shoot,” while sticking his arms into the air. “I give up!” He no sooner said the word ‘up’ when another Spencer round catches him squarely in the chest knocking him from the saddle. Falling across his horses’ flanks he lands flat on his back with a deadly thud on the dirt of the yard.
Luke runs out into the yard to check on the men. The gunslinger never knew what hit him. The one Nate popped from the barn was done for. So too was the one Sam hit who broke and ran for the gate; however, the last one Nate nailed as he was surrendering was alive, just barely. Just in case these outlaws are interested, and this one obviously is, a .56 caliber Spencer makes a mighty big hole going in and an even larger one coming out.
Luke bends down and cradles the dying man’s head in his lap, blood oozed from the front and back of his shirt, “Why? Why did y’all come here looking for trouble?” Luke earnestly asks.
Gasping for air the outlaw speaks, “Me and Cimarron wuz up at the Gap... the day Bert comes runnin’ in... tellin’ about Old Bill and his gold mine. When spring come... we found that old cabin and found the graves of what was left of Bert and the other fellows, so Cimarron... just...just figured you all was the nearest place, so you must a knowed where... the...the... gold wuz and y’all y’all had the map. He said y’all would be... easy...easy... pickin’s. We come here to get... it....,” and he exhaled deeply, once then twice and died. Luke using his hand he closes the dead man’s open eyes.
“Why did you shoot him Nate, he was giving up?” Luke asks as Nate comes running up to the dead fellow.
“Shucks, I wuz goin’ two fer two couldn’t ruint my shootin’ record!”
As the smoke settles Catherine runs from the house and throws her arms around Luke, “Are you hurt, my darling?”
“No, no I’m fine, I wasn’t hit anywhere.”
“Jest in case anybody’s interested I’s fine too!” said Nate sheepishly. 
“Speaking of being interested,” Nate says, “Sam, where’s Sam?”
“Last I seed of him,” said Luke, “he was firing that old Colt hogleg from behind the big oak.”
All three instantly look toward the oak, all they see is Sam’s legs lying prostrate on the ground – he has been hit and isn’t moving! Sam drops the Spencer to the ground and runs toward the tree, Catherine and Nate follow closely behind.
“Sam! Sam speak to me!”
“My leg Luke, it’s my left leg!” 
Removing his bandana, Luke makes a tourniquet, slows the bleeding, and he and Nate carry Sam into the house. Luke works on removing the bullet, and finally calls Catherine and Nate to the bedroom, “Well, I’ve got good news and bad. The good is Sam’s goin’ to be fine, the bullet missed all the major arteries, but the bad is he’s going to be laid up for a spell.”
“Nah, Luke gimme a day or two and I’ll be fit as a fiddle. We’ll load up them wagons and get going before the first snow.”
“I’m sorry Sam, but leaving this fall is out now, you’ll be off that leg for a month or so. We’ll leave for Alabama in the spring.”
“I’m sorry Luke for putting us behind schedule, but what was them fellers after anyhow?”
“Gold, they knew about the gold. Listen up, all of you, those four may not be the only ones that knows our gold secret, so until we leave this place we need to have someone on guard at all times. Since you’re going to be off your feet for a while, Sam you can sit on the front porch, when you feel like it, and do that job. Nate find some boards and go nail the front gate shut, but before you do let’s bury those dead fellers lying out there in the yard. What about up yonder on the hill where we buried your Ma and Pa?”
“No way!” said Catherine, “I’m not having no murdering outlaws lying next to my mother and father. Bury them out yonder in the pasture, or haul’em off and throw them off the bluff. That’s good enough for them.”
“Wow, she a tough one huh Nate?”
“Tough as rawhide, Luke, I believe youse done met yer match,” Nate said grinning..
.
CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT 
Burial Detail  

“Do what?” Said Commandant Adams. “You dirty turncoat, I heard you and this good-for-nothing Johnny Reb plotting behind my back. You both thought I was gone, huh? Well, I came in the rear door and heard every word this gray back said. He’s a dirty liar; we’ve done a good job running this Point Lookout Prison, if anything, we’ll probably get a medal. Let me correct myself, I’ll get one, Sergeant Belue as punishment for consorting with the enemy I am demoting you to Private and sending you to a fighting infantry outfit forthwith. Some outfit that is in the hot of it, you rebel sympathizer.” 
Blue tried to protest, “But Colonel I... I...”
Enough of you Private Belue, as for you...you...rabble rouser, no you Rebel rouser,” the Commandant said pointing a finger at Robert, “you’re going on that precious burial detail you love so much. From now until the War ends you can say good-bye to your Confederate friends personally. 
Private Belue you report to the Provost Marshall, I’ll deal with you later, and you,” pointing again at Robert, “go find yourself a bed amongst your friends, if you still have any friends left.”
Leaving the Commandant’s office Robert’s moral is the lowest since coming to Point Lookout. He had it made, a good place to work, a clean bed at night and chow to eat, as much as he wanted, and he has lost it all for what? Then reality hit him; he didn’t lose anything – trying to save his friends was worth it. If he could have just been able to get his plan to work, he could possibly have saved dozens of prisoners. No, he said to himself that was worth the risk.
Back at his old tent his ‘friends’ would have nothing to do with him. In fact, they threw him out. One tent after another he tried to find a place to sleep, no one would accept him. He had become a leper, one of the outcasts. If only they knew how hard he had tried to help them, if only. He finally remembered his old hardtack stand where he had once sold candy. Old Jim Harper who had taken it over and used to give him a dollar or two had gotten sick and died. Since then the ‘store’ had been closed. He could, at least use it as a place to lay his head.
All he carried, with him from his bed in the Commandant’s place, was his blanket. That first night he cowered in among his hardtack boxes and tried to sleep the best he could. His sleep wasn’t very comfortable, nor was it very long. Before daybreak, the ‘new’ Commander of the Burial Detail came by and kicked the side of his box, “Up and at’em we got buryin’ to do!”
Out in the prison cemetery Robert is first on the shovel digging the grave for someone he doesn’t even know, but he is ashamed. As they place the body in the grave, he knows his fellow gravediggers could care less about the person they are burying. He knows because at one time he had become that hard-hearted. So he turns and speaks to the men shoveling dirt on the lifeless body in the grave. “I know you think of me as the enemy, but I am not. I was assigned a job of selecting men for the burial detail, and I did it to the best of my ability. You may not have liked what I did, but it was a necessary job. 
“Today we are burying one of your friends, if not one of yours, then someone loved him and he will be missed at home. Possibly he had a loving wife and small children that will never know where his body is buried.” Looking skyward, Robert said, “I pray his soul be taken into your arms oh Lord and may he finally be at rest with stomach full and body warm.”
The burial detail is touched and impressed. “Scarburg,” one of them said, “I did not realize the strain you were under, you were always one of us. I’m sorry.”
Robert replies quietly, “I always tried to do the best for you all, but sometimes it seemed as if I was on the Yankee’s side; I was not.”
“Tonight, come down to our tent. You know we are the Burial Squad, and you will be welcome. We don’t last long among the living but as long as we do you will be counted as one of us.” The man offering the olive branch was Jack Thomason. Robert recognized him but never knew his name.
The nights are cold and wet, and Robert is glad for the offer to sleep in a shelter inside. The Death Squad or not, warmth is warmth wherever he can get it.
Day after day Robert falls out each morning and does his job on the burial detail. Each day, the men are getting weaker and weaker since the Camp Commander has issued half rations. Full rations are only about eight hundred calories per day. Now that meager amount has been reduced to approximately four hundred calories per day. Grown men cannot exist on eight hundred calories much less four hundred. It is just a matter of time before starvation takes it toll and the members of the Burial Squad become the ones being buried instead of the ones doing the burying.
It is late autumn, winter is in the air, the wind from the Chesapeake Bay is beginning to get colder and colder. It is apparent the end of the War is near. Each day prisoners are being transported from Point Lookout to other locations, just where no one knows. The inmates are being exchanged for Union prisoners, at least that is what they hope is happening.
Each day at morning formation a Sergeant yells out the name of the prisoners to be exchanged, each day Robert listens intently, but does not hear his name called. How much longer can he survive? He resolves to take it one day at a time. 

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE 
Cross Over the River 

Malinda has camped at Anna Ruby Falls in northern Georgia for the past month. She has stayed as long as she thought it prudent; they must get back on the trail. Fall is coming on fast and she knows she must get to South Carolina before winter sets in. She also realizes if they get caught in a snowstorm in these mountains it will be disastrous, but Captain Marion had told her he would let her know when the Yankees pulled out. She has not seen him in over a month, and Yankees or not they have to get going.
 Leaving their farm in April, Malinda had told Sary the trip to Scarlettsville should take about two months. Sometime during the month of June they should have been pulling into Scarlett, or what was left of it. Now it is August, and she is still at least a month away from their destination.
“Everyone set,” says Malinda, “South Carolina here we come!”
“Afore you say it Mizz Malinda, I done checked, we’s got Mister Robert’s big ole Bible on the wagon! Now let’s make tracks.”
The trail through the mountains of northern Georgia is tough going, but women or not they meet every obstacle that confronts them and overcome it with fortitude and determination. 
They have driven a week or so away from the falls, Malinda remembers the Tallulah River, it is to be crossed pretty soon. The Tallulah is right on the border between Georgia and South Carolina; she had remembered Robert bargained with a man with a large raft that carried them across the river the last time. Maybe, she thought, someone had established a permanent ferry crossing. She also thought if a ferry was in business that was probably where the Yankees were camped.
At last on the morning of the second week as they top the mountain through a cut known as Fry Gap they can see the wide expanse of river down below. “Oh no!” Said Malinda. The Tallulah is in flood stage. Another day’s drive should put them on the water’s western edge.
Winding their way down the narrow mountain road, they see another wagon approaching. Malinda finds a wide place to pull her wagons over to allow the folks coming up the hill to pass. Once the uphill travelers are beside Malinda the driver stops, “You folks gonna try fer the Carolinny side?” Malinda nods. “Sorry to tell you this, but theys been having the most God-awful rain in these parts for the past couple weeks or so. The ferry is there all right, but the ferryman has done got swept away and they figure he’s got hizself drowned. Where’s you folks headed?”
“We’re trying to get to Scarlettsville, but you have dampened our hopes with your sad news.”
“Well now,” says he, “Scarlettsville huh? About two miles farther down this trail y’all will come to a fork in the road, the left ’en carries you to the ferry. Don’t go that away, but the right ’en will take you about ten miles down the river where’s there’s a place you can ford over to the other side. The waters are not more ’en three or four feet deep, and when y’all comes out on yonder side y’all be no more that a week’s travel to Scarlettsville. Jest be careful of deserters, and Yankees, they’ll take all yer vittles and sech. Jest watch out and good luck to y’all.” He slapped his reins against his mule’s flanks, “Gitta up there”, and his wagon continues up the mountain.
“Laws a mighty, Mizz Malinda do you reckon he’s tellin’ us the truth?”
“Well, I don’t know Sary, but why would someone just tell us a big fat lie for no reason. No, I think that the man was honest – we’re going down that right-hand fork when we get there.”
A few hours later they reach the fork in the road. Malinda did not hesitate; she drove her wagon down the fork leading to the right. William driving the rear cart follows her closely. “Sary pick us out a place to camp and we will make that river sometime tomorrow afternoon. We’ll camp out on this side and at first light, we will drive these wagons across that river like ‘Moses to the Promised Land’.”
They camped the night in a grove of cottonwood trees with a spring nearby, but at first light they are once again driving down the road to, hopefully, a place to ford the river. The road is flat, muddy but broad enough to allow passage in a favorable manner. By mid-afternoon they have reached the river; however, the rains of the past weeks have swollen the river to almost flood stage. ‘No way,’ thought Malinda, ‘is this river only three or four foot deep.’
“Sary, old friend, I don’t think God ever intended for us to get back to Scarlett. We’re just going to camp here for a few days until the flood waters subside so, then we will ford over to the other side.”
“Mizz Malinda, you be wrong. That ole Devil has done throwed everthang in our way, but don’t you never don’t believe it was God that has got us through each and ever time, and He’s gonna help us again. Don’t give up now girl, we’s will jest keeps on prayin’ exter hard. You’ll see it’ll work out.”
After supper, Stephen goes to the edge of the water and pokes a straight stick about eight foot long down into the water.
“What’s you doin’ Stephen Ingram are you crazy?” One of them asked.
“Nah, this is my measuring stick. You see, each day we can see how much the water in the river is dropping. Once it gets down to the three or four footmark, we can move on across. I took some axle grease and smeared it at the four foot line on the stick.”
“Thank you Stephen Ingram, that was really smart for you to think of the stick,” Malinda said patting Robert on the back.
The first day the water drops almost one whole foot, and it dropped a foot the second day. “At this rate, we may get to move out of here in a couple of more days.”
It is the afternoon of the fourth day, “Mama! Mama!” Yells Stephen standing at the edge of the river.
From the campfire Malinda answers, “Lands sake what is the matter with you child?”
“The stick, I can see the grease at the four foot mark!”
They all run to see Stephen’s stick for themselves.
“Sary, you and the kids pack up the wagons tonight, tomorrow we’re going across this old river! In a week, we’ll be home at Scarlett.”
The next morning they awake to a slight frost, “Sary, we didn’t get out of those mountains a day too soon.”
Malinda moves her wagon out into the water, at four feet deep the water should come about halfway between the wheel hub and the top wheel rim. She checks her wheel; the water is half way up the wheel. William follows in the second wagon; it is a bit smaller, and the water is almost to the top of his wagon wheel rim.
 About half way across Malinda checks her wheel again; the water has risen to the top of the rim. William is ever worse; his wheels are below the top of the water. His cart is about to start floating. Any deeper and he is going to lose control. Malinda is worried, what if the water gets deeper?
To keep Blaze close to the front wagon little Lizzie is in the back of the front wagon feeding Blaze hay with one hand, and with the other she holds the wooden box containing the family Bible. William and Isaac are in the cart seat urging Blaze onward. “Oh no!” yells William looking to his left. A large tree uprooted by the floodwaters is floating swiftly toward them. “Hang on everyone, a tree is about to strike us!”
It was too late the tree rammed in to Malinda’s wagon with a sharp “thud.” William had stopped Blaze to let the limb past between the two wagons, but the impact knocks Lizzie from her perch in the rear of the wagon into the cold water. William yells, “Grab hold of the wagon Lizzie!” But it is too late she is being swiftly carried down the raging, rain-swollen river. Handing the reins to Isaac, William without hesitation jumps into the swirling, ice cold, waters and swims as hard as he can toward Lizzie. Malinda and Sary can hear her crying for help. They are helpless. Both sit and watch as the muddy floodwaters carry Lizzie and William out of sight and out of hearing range. “Do something,” yells Malinda at Sary, “Do something!” There is nothing they can do – Malinda’s two children have disappeared into the murky waters!
Both wagons forge on and reach the far bank. They are now in South Carolina, but no one cares. Malinda has just lost her oldest son and youngest daughter to a river with a name she can hardly pronounce.
Malinda sits in the wagon seat head buried in her hands crying. Crying as only a mother who has just witnessed the loss of two children can cry. Finally, she pulls herself together and steps down from the wagon, walks over to the riverbank and collapses on the mud.
Sary sets up camp with the hope William and Lizzie might, by chance, come walking back into their campsite. In her heart, she knows it is hopeless. No one could survive in the muddy, cold, rain-swollen river, no one, not even William as big and strong as he is.
They sit around the campfire, but no one speaks. The silence is deafening. No one knows what to say. Finally, it is Mattie Ann who asks, “Mama, what are we going to do?”
Just the sound of one of her children speaking brought Malinda back to reality – she has four other children that are still alive and must be seen after. She remembers the verse from the Bible’s Book of Matthew,
 
‘But Jesus said unto him, Follow me; and let the dead bury their dead.’

“I’ll tell you what we are going to do. We are staying here a couple of more weeks in case William and Lizzie turn up. If we do not hear from them, then we are leaving this...this...place and going to Scarlett and our family cemetery.” 
One of the children asks why they would go to the Scarlett cemetery?
“We are going to add two new graves to our family cemetery at Scarlett. We may not ever see William and Lizzie’s earthly bodies again, but they are going to have a funeral. There will be a place where we can always go talk to them when the need arises. Now let’s all get some rest, we have a long day ahead of us tomorrow.”

CHAPTER FORTY
Quarter horses 

Luke and Nate bury the four gunslingers in the horse trot that leads from the barn to the pasture. Luke figures the mules, horses and burros will trample the graves down, so anyone, who comes looking for them, will never find where they are buried.
After returning to the house, they take inventory of the items retrieved from the men at the cabin and those just added from the gunfighters they have just planted. Spread out on the sitting room floor is an assortment of pistols, rifles and knives.
From the men at the cabin are a collection of three Colt handguns, two Henry carbines and two six-inch and one eight-inch skinning knife. From the gunfighters, Luke adds five more Colt .44s, two additional Spencers, two Henry’s, two more six-inch skinning knives and enough ammunition to supply an army. 
“At least,” said Luke, “we will have enough firepower on our trip to Alabama; however, one of the gunfighters recognized the Henry with the initials “B.B.” carved on the stock. He said it belonged to Bert Black. Now I don’t know who this Bert Black is, but he might have more friends that could recognize his old Henry. As bad as I hate to do it, Nate take this Henry to the fireplace and burn it. We can’t have anyone poking around and seeing that old Bert is no longer among the living.”
“Luke, I love me them Henrys. What about if I just take the stock off the main part and jest burn the wood part. Won’t that work? Maybe later I might find me a nuther stock and fix’er backup.”
“Sure Nate, that will work, just get it done. And throw all their saddle gear in the back of the wagon, cover them with hay so no one can see what we have hidden. And Nate, while you’re at the barn take all their saddle horses over to the back pasture and turn them loose and let them graze, there is plenty of grass and water. We do not want them around if someone comes prying.”
A couple of weeks later Nate enters the house. Luke is changing the bandage on Sam’s leg. “Looks good, and it is healing nicely. You need to get out of this room and off the front porch and begin to move around some.” The bedroom door opens, “Yes, Nate was there something you need?”
“No sir Mister Luke, I mean yes sir, there’s riders coming to the house. Peers to be ‘bout ten of’em, as fer as I can see.”
Luke is standing on the front porch as the riders approach. “Fellers,” said Luke, “get yerself down from your mounts and rest yerselfs, I’ll have the missus bring out some cool water. Speakin’ of water, thar’s a trough next to the barn over yonder, let your animals help theirselves too.”
Nate standing next to Luke couldn’t understand what Luke was up to, but he didn’t dare speak.
“You boys been long on the road? If you want, I’ll get my missus and my man here to fix youse up some vittles. We ain’t got nutin’ but grits and fatback, but theys fillin’.”
  Catherine Ann, standing just inside the door, thinks to herself, ‘My Missus? My man? Grits? What is he doing? Has he lost his mind? He’s talking like a hayseed.’
“Thanks, but we’re in a hurry,” spoke the group’s apparent leader. “My name is Bart Black; I need to ask you some questions?”
“Questions sir? Are you gentlemen law officers?”
“No, not exactly, we are just looking for a few of our friends. One of them, Bert Black, is my twin brother.”
“Well, fer shore, but won’t you git down from yer hosses and we can talk here on the porch in the shade.”
“No, we must be on our way – my brother and the other three were riding western style riding gear. They were all mounted on Texas quarter horses.”
“Huh? You say western style riding gear? Texas quarter horses? Sir we is just simple farmers here, working the land with a couple of old plow mules. I figure I don’t know if I’s ever seen, what’d you call it? Oh, yeah western gear or a quarter horse, I surely don’t believe I would know what they look like,” Luke answers.
“The saddles and the horses would look like ours. That’s what they’d look like – they’d look like ours you nitwit!”
Luke steps from the porch walks around Bart’s horse paying particular attention to various features of the animal. He slides his hand over the horse’s flank, “Quarter horses sez you? Fine animals, yes sir these be fine animals,” Luke says gesturing toward Nate standing on the porch. “Nate, I’d wager we could plow two or three acres a day with these here fine quarter size horses, what’d you thank?” 
“Yes sir, boss, we might git a good three outta ’em.”
“Plow ’em, you idiots, these are prime Texas quarter horses! These are cow ponies!”
“But sir, them hosses appears to me to be full size,” said Luke to the leader.
“Full size! What are you some kind of an imbecile? Yeah! They are full size.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, I thought you done said your friends wuz riding quarter horses, but your quarter of a hoss looks to me to be full size.”
“It’s a breed you dirt farmer, just a prime breed of horse from the great state of Texas. Plow ’em? Are you two simpletons? These are the countries finest cattle horses, not dirt-farmer’s plow horses!”
“I’m truly sorry,” pretends Luke to be embarrassed, “well then, there wuz these here four riders who passed by here two or three weeks ago riding, as you say, regular size quarter horses like these of your’n, but they headed up and over the mountain.”
“They say anything.”
“Yeah, they wuz talkin’ to each other, but I couldn’t hear from here to the road what they wuz a sayin’. It’s jez to fer, you see.”
Turning to his men, “These two are so half-witted we can’t get anything out of them, water the horses at the trough and check the barn, and we’ll get out of here.”
In a few minutes, as the men mount their horses, one turns to Bart, “Nothing in the barn boss, ‘cept a couple of old plow mules and two burros.” 
The leader digs his silver spurs in to the side of his horse and off the men gallops toward the front gate. At the gate, they turn left and continue up the mountain.
Wildly swinging the screen door open, Catherine burst onto the porch, “What are you doing Luke Scarburg, you sounded like a pure hayseed!”
“Great, then it worked! That was exactly what I wanted them to think – we didn’t want those fellers searching about. The leader said one of the outlaws we killed was his brother. I don’t think he would have taken it too kindly if he found out it was us who killed him. I think it might take him awhile to figure out two ‘hayseeds’ could have killed his brother. Nate and I could not fight off all ten of his riders, I had to fool them some way or other.”
“Good thankin’ on yer part, what now Luke?” Asked Nate. 
“I suppose when that bunch gets to the top of the mountain where the snow hasn’t melted yet, they will quickly see there have been no tracks leading over the mountain. They may or may not know of Rufus’ place. If they are aware of his cabin they may go there next.”
“You reckon we buried those outlaws at the cabin good enough Luke?”
 “I hope so Sam, but regardless they will see the graves, and in a week or so they’re going to be coming back down here. By then they will have figured out I lied to them and killed his brother Bert. Do I need to tell y’all it’s going to get nasty, and we’re outnumber three or four if we count Sam to ten. Those aren’t good odds in our favor. We’ve got those Spencer and Henry carbines, but I noticed most of them had Henry’s too.”
“We’re with you Luke, what do you think we should do?” Asked Catherine.
Luke explained winter was coming, but Sam wasn’t entirely healed from the gunshot to his leg. He suggested they get four of the horses from the back pasture, and let the rest stay loose on the open range; however, he tells Nate to not bring the Pinto, he will be too easily recognized. Then we will then load the two wagons and begin for Alabama as soon as possible.”
“But Luke,” questions Catherine, “are we prepared?”
“Catherine, we are as ready as we’re ever going to be – if them fellers return before we get away we will not ever leave if you get my meaning. If we get out of here in a couple of days, I believe we might have as much as a week’s head start on them – that just might be enough time.”
Hobbling on a homemade crutch Sam calls from the door, “Makes sense Luke, I’m ready. Just give me one of them Spencers and a handful of bullets, and I’ll handle rear guard from the back wagon.”
“That’s the spirit Sam! Come on Catherine and Nate, we’re burning daylight. I know we wanted to go in the spring, but sometimes you just got to play the hand you’re dealt.”

CHAPTER FORTY-ONE 
What a Friend... 

 Malinda is driving the lead wagon, and Sary is driving the second. Sary has to take William’s place since his drowning in the river crossing. Slapping the leather reins, “Gittaup Joe git Little Bob,” Malinda urges the mules on. She must get away from this Tallulah River, this terrible, muddy river that took the lives of her beloved William and Lizzie. They have camped on the riverbank for over a month. Hoping against hope that some news would come from someone coming up the river, news about William and Lizzie, but not a word do they hear. In fact, in over a month no one has even come up the river. 
With tears in her eyes, she slapped the leather reins against the mule’s flanks again. She must leave this dreadful river of death! She slows momentarily to glance back, what an awful place she thinks. “If I have to drive a wagon a thousand miles to go around, I will never cross this cursed body of water again, this I make as a solemn promise,” said Malinda quietly out loud.
Behind the lead wagon, Isaac is sitting beside Sary, for miles neither speak. Finally, “Sary do you suppose they suffered?” Sary knew to whom Isaac was referring, but she wanted to delay the answer.
“Who boy, who’s you talkin’ bout?”
“William and Lizzie, you know Lizzie couldn’t even swim. Mama had told me and Stephen Ingram that we was goin’ to have to learn her next summer. Don’t guess we are goin’ to get the chance now. I ‘member how mad me and Stephen got when Mama told us that, boy I sure wish I had that to do over again.”
“Listen boy,” said Sary, “don’t do that to yerself. There is gonna been many times in yer live that youse gonna look back and wish that you’d made a different choice of thangs. God only gives you one chance and remember this effen you doesn’t ‘member nothin’ else: God knows best, and he don’t make mistakes. It ain’t made fer you or me to know the reasons, but believe in yer heart God know what he is doin’, and most times we never know the why of it all.”
“Sary, what you say is hard! Why would God drown William and Lizzie, they ain’t never done nothing bad to nobody.”
“Hush, child don’t thank about it anymore,” and she begins to hum and then softly sing the old spiritual ‘What a Friend we Have in Jesus’:

‘What a friend we have in Jesus, all our sins and griefs to bare. What a privilege to carry everything to God in prayer.’ 

At the second verse, Isaac joined in:
 
Oh, what peace we often forfeit, Oh, what needless pain we bare, 
All because we do not carry everything to God in prayer.
Have we trials and temptations? Is there trouble anywhere? 
We should never be discouraged - Take it to the Lord in prayer.
Can we find a friend so faithful, who will all our sorrows share? 
Jesus knows our every weakness; Take it to the Lord in prayer.’

They did not sing loud, it was more like a prayer than a song. When they finished Sary looks at Isaac, “Boy, I’m not a smart person like yore Mammy, but I know one thang, you jest remember that last verse every time you thank of William and little Lizzie: “Take it to the Lord in prayer,” and every thang will work itself out. Be strong, not for yerself but fer yore Mammy, she’s gonna need yer help.”
“Yes ’em”
“In less than a weeks time, we’s gonna be at Scarlett, or what’s left of it. You is the man of the family now, so be strong fer yore Mammy, help her and don’t give her yer exter burdens. And remember too, Christmas is a comin’. Remember the good thangs, not the bad.”
“Yes Sary, I’m sure goin’ to try.”

CHAPTER FORTY-TWO 
Private Jack Thomason 

 The meager rations, Robert has endured the past couple of months, are beginning to take their toll. The Death Squad, which had twelve men when Robert was allowed to join, is now down to just five of the original bunch. For a while, Robert was able to get scraps from Cookie, with whom he had developed a relationship through Sergeant Belue, but now Belue is gone so is Cookie. When Cookie was here he would slip Robert a few remains of potato skins or remnants of meat bones. It wasn’t much but at least Robert and his band of gravediggers had ‘something’ to boil over the fire in their tent occasionally. Now even this is gone.
The weather is miserable; the rain, snow, and, seemingly, wet and windy conditions prevail all the time. Christmas is getting closer, but the enthusiasm demonstrated last year that the War would be quickly over next year is missing this year. This year famine, disease, and death overshadow last year’s eagerness.
The spirit of Christmas, if there ever was any in this place, is absent this year. No one even speaks of Christmas, no hint of a tree, and just an occasional talk that the War is coming to an end. The only thing for sure that is ending, is the lives of the prisoners, and these are plentiful these cold winter days.
Robert sits in his tent, not only decimated in body but also dejected in spirit. It seems all hope is lost. “Mind if I sit?” Looking up he recognizes Private Jack Thomason, the man who first offered him a bed in the Burial Squad tent. 
“Sure Jack, please,” Robert says moving over to give Jack a place to sit on his bunk beside him.
“Robert, you look down and out. Let’s not give up. I know it’s rough, but you can take it.”
“Jack, every since you and I met, you seem like a person hiding something, am I wrong?”
“Robert, you and I have become friends since you arrived in this tent, and yes you’re right I am not what I seem.” Looking around to see if anyone was close enough to hear, “My name is not Jack Thomason I am William Mayo, Captain William Mayo of the Union Army’s Surgeon General’s Medical Staff. Yes, that’s right I am not a prisoner; I was sent here to investigate Commandant Colonel Adams and his reported abuse of prisoners of war and the conditions at this facility. I am, in fact, a medical doctor. You Sergeant Scarburg I commend for your humanity and love of your fellow man, be they Confederate or Union.”
“What! You say you’re a Union Captain and a doctor? Well, I never! I hope your report will show how badly these men are being treated. And you have seen how they have been dying faster than we can dig holes and bury ‘em.”
“Sergeant Scarburg, what I am about to tell you is in the strictest of secrecy. The War is about over – it cannot last more than a few more months. At the present time, General Grant has General Lee surrounded in a town called Petersburg, Virginia. General Lee cannot hold out much longer; the siege has been going on for over a year now. I am telling you this Robert since I know you have given up all hope of ever going home. Please Robert, I beg you, do all you can to hold on. Hold on, and you will get home and see your family.”
“Thank you, Captain for telling me this – I feel better already.”
“Robert that is the last time to refer to me as Captain, remember I am Jack Thomason, Private, Confederate States of America. Robert, in one of my last dispatches I recommended your name for exchange. Even if the War does not end soon, maybe you will be exchanged and sent back South. And do not worry, Commandant Adams will eventually be court-martialed for his crimes against humanity that he has committed here at Point Lookout.”
“Thank you, Sir, thanks, and may I ask when you get out of this place you might post a note to my family and tell them of my circumstances. Send it to Scarlettsville, South Carolina, surely someone there will get a letter to them if any of my family are still alive.”
“Hand me your coffee cup Robert,” as Robert complied the Captain pulls a metal flask from his jacket pocket and pours Robert a drink of bourbon. The Captain bumps his flask against Robert’s cup, “Sir, if it is within my ability to do so your request will be carried out. Merry Christmas Robert, may this be the last one you will ever have to spend in prison.” The Captain did not realize how true his statement was – Robert would not see another Christmas in prison! 

CHAPTER FORTY-THREE
First Alabama Cavalry

Luke is driving the lead wagon; Nate is bringing up the rear. The two extra horses were tied to the back of Nate’s tailgate. Sam was riding in the back, just like he said with a big old Spencer cradled in his arm. Kentucky Lead and four of his offspring rides in the wagon with him. As they go out the gate, they turn right to head down the mountain Luke pulls on his horse’s reins and yells, “Whoa!” Catherine is riding in the seat next to him. He wants to give her one last look at her home before leaving. Old Kentuck stands in the rear of Nate’s wagon, head sticking out looking forlornly at the home he has known all his life.
“Let’s go,” Catherine said turning back to face the road ahead, “home is in Alabama now.”
In one of the outlaw’s pocket, Luke found a set of discharge papers showing Bert Black had been a Private in the Union Army and had just recently been discharged. Before leaving the farm, Luke found his old blue Union shirt and blue pants, and tucked Bert’s papers into one of his pockets. Luke knew East Tennessee, the direction in which they would be traveling, was heavily pro-Union. Posing as Bert, a discharged Union soldier, might get them through to Knoxville and then later down to Alabama. Luke’s made up a story that his home was in West Alabama. An area of mountainous land, where little, if any cotton farming is done in those hills. Moonshine and white lightening yes, but slaves no, not in this back wood’s country; therefore, they did not believe in fighting for, what they called, the rich man’s war.
Luke yells back to Nate, “Nate, tell Sam to stay sharp. Bert and his outlaws will be coming it’s just a matter of time. I just hope we can stay ahead of them.
A couple of weeks pass uneventful. As they near the outskirts of Knoxville, Luke speaks to Catherine, “Keep a good look-out, somewhere along this road we are apt to run in to a detachment of Union soldiers. The Yankees took Knoxville about a year ago; we just have to pray we can fool them in to thinking I am the Yankee Private Bert Black.”
  The two wagons travel down a dirt road another couple of miles. Up ahead they see a crossroads. Fortunately, no Yankee sentries are posted. Luke turns to Catherine, “What luck, Bart and those Texas fellers are following somewhere behind, but with these roads they will not know which way we are headed. We are going south, so we have two out of three chances they will pick the wrong road.
About a mile farther south on the road that skirted around the western side of Knoxville, their luck runs out. Standing in the middle of the road are two Yankees with Springfield .58 caliber muskets held at port arms, ordering the wagons to halt.
The first soldier, who doesn’t appear to be much older than Sam approaches Luke and demands, “You there soldier, what’s your business?” 
“Uh, I was with the 1st Alabama Cavalry, just got discharged and headin’ home.”
“What you mean 1st Alabama! You is Seceshs!” The first guard hollers to the other, “They are Confederates!”
“Where you been boy? The 1st has been in action with the Union forces since you wuz jest a pup; we’ve fought in most all the major battles of the North. How many battles have you been in you young whippersnapper?”
Embarrassed, the kid had not seen any fighting, so he answers the question with another question, “Who’s the 1st attached to?”
“We wuz with the 16th Corp of the Union’s Army of Ohio,” Luke said just making up some unit. He knew the discharge papers had blood covering Bert Black’s unit designation. “We wuz commanded by Major General John Logan.” Luke had heard that name before but did not have an iota of information where or who the general commanded. He was just taking a chance the young soldier did not know either.
“Let me see yer papers,” said the Union soldier.
As he was reading the discharge the other soldier at the back of Nate’s wagon yells, “Hey, Tom thars another one in this here wagon with this darky.”
Both soldiers stand at the rear tailgate and look at Sam. Sam stares back. “What’s this uns story?” Soldier number one said to Luke.
“Listen fellers, I know y’all ain’t been in the Army very long, so what I’m fixin’ to say you might not understand. That’en is my brother Sam, he’s seen more fightin’ that you two will see together. He got wounded at the Battle of Broken Timbers (again Luke was making up a fictitious name), they wuz gonna cut off his leg. I wuz done discharged, so I figured being only sixteen years old he would need that leg some day, and I also thought they wouldn’t miss him anyway. I slipped him outta the hospital tent, and I’m carrying him to my cousin’s house,” turning to Catherine, “uh, this here is Catherine, my cousin...”
“Ma’am,” said the Union soldiers touching their hats.
“We’ve been doctoring him, and his leg is getting better, but we figured we’d git him back to West Alabama. That part of Alabama ain’t nothin’ but hills and hollows, and we never did take to owning slaves. Besides the War’s ‘bout over, who’s gonna miss one more sixteen-year old kid. Nate, that darky in the other wagon works fer my Pap running white lightin’, Pap sent him and Catherine to fetch us back home.”
“Uh, Mister...”
“Sorry, my name is Black, Private Bert Black.”
“You know we, that’s me...uh, Private Tom Samuels, and this here is Private Ewell Smith, we both are jest sixteen ourselves. We wouldn’t be here neither if they hadn’t made us jine up.”
“I’m sorry fellers, but I believe this War can’t last much longer.”
 “I hope yer right about this War not lasting much longer. Good luck to you all.”
“Good luck to you too Tom and Ewell. Oh, Tom one favor if you can. There might be a band of Conscription soldiers on our trail, dressed up in civilian clothes riding western style horses with western saddles. The officer in charge goes by the name Bart Black. Same last name as me, but no relation, thank goodness. I’d appreciate it very much if you wouldn’t mention we’d come through here. They’re after my brother Sam.”
“I hate them Conscription cusses too, don’t you worry we’ll send’em packing in the wrong direction. Get your kin out of here and get him home, we ain’t seen nothing!”
“Thanks, Private Samuels, Private Smith. Git up there hosses,” Luke said slapping the horses with the leather reins.
Two weeks later they are in sight of Lookout Mountain, which is just south of Chattanooga, Tennessee. 
Luke pulls the wagons into an open grassy spot next to a small creek to spend the night. The place is well hidden from anyone traveling the road. “Now we’ve got to be real careful. Even though the South was victorious at the Battle of Chickamauga that was back in ’63; since then the Yankees have taken Chattanooga, so we will have to go around the town to get to Alabama,” he explains as they eat their supper. 
Luke continue, “To by-pass Chattanooga we will need to skirt the eastern side of the Tennessee River, slip south down the valley between the ridge on the east and Lookout Mountain on the West. Once we pass the battlefield of Chickamauga, we will cut west through Lookout Mountain’s Day’s Gap cross the mountain and then go down the valley to Fort Payne. Spend a few days there letting our animals rest; then one last push up on to Sand Mountain and within a day or two we should arrive at Albertville, and home.”
The travelers sit around the campfire, the wind is blowing slightly from the north, and there is a slight hint of snow in the air. “It will feel good to get home,” remarks Luke. “I haven’t seen my family in such a long time, and I am nothing but skin, bones and beard, they probably won’t even recognize me.”
“Yessir, I’m shore gonna feast my eyes on Ma and Pa, and baby brother Jefferson. I wuz so ugly when I left bein’ so ugly now won’t make them no never mind. They’d know me anywheres.” Said Nate.
“And you Catherine, and Sam I can’t wait to introduce you both to my family. They will make you both feel right at home,” said Luke.
“Luke, what do you think you’re mother will say when she finds out we got married at that preacher’s house after leaving the farm?”
“I’ll tell you what she’ll say: she’ll say, ‘Why Luke Scarburg, you’ve done gone and married the prettiest girl in this whole country’!”
“Oh, go on Luke, you’re just putting me on,” Catherine said laughing.
From their ridge northeast of Chattanooga, they can see the whole city spread out in the valley below. Campfires of the hundreds of Union soldiers camped on the east side of the large ‘S’ curve in the Tennessee River are clearly visible. Luke made mention that the lights reminded him of the candles on a Christmas tree. “Did y’all know tonight is Christmas Eve?” The merriment of the evening grew somber at the utterance of Christmas. Each can remember back to their last Christmas. Luke and Nate drinking ‘snakebite medicine’ in the cave with the mailman Kay Mann and Old Bill; Catherine and Sam at home with their father and mother. 
“Catherine lets not make Christmas a sad occasion, we are all just beginning a new life, come on tell Nate and me what you and Sam did for Christmas last year.”
For a moment, Catherine did not want to participate in Luke’s trip down memory lane, and then consented, “Of course Mother and Father were there Christmas Eve. Mother baked my favorite tea-cake cookies and Sam made snow cream −”
“Whoa, Sam did what?” Asked Luke interrupting. “What in the world is snow cream?”
“Now Luke Scarburg don’t tell me you have never eaten snow cream. It is just a mixture of snow, milk, pods of the vanilla plant and sugar, but we had no sugar and used honey instead”. 
“It was mighty fine,” chimed Sam.
“I suppose it doesn’t snow enough in Alabama for us to have figured that one out, but you’re right, it does sound good.”
“All right Luke, the next snowfall I will personally see to it that you have your own bowl of snow cream if I can find some vanilla.”
“Hold on,” chimed in Nate, “What about me?”
“A bowl of snow cream for you too Nate,” laughed Catherine.
The therapy of talking about Christmas seems to help Catherine and especially Sam. Just getting it out of their system appears to release some of the pent-up hurt they are carrying with them. “That was good, let’s all try to get some sleep and we’ll be off at first light in the morning,” Sam said, throwing his bedroll down near the fire.
It is after midnight, probably closer to three a.m., ‘Snap’ the slight sound of a breaking of a small twig is heard. From the back of the wagon, Kentuck hears the stick snapping too and throats a faint growl. His eyes open, his ears perk up, but he does not move. Sam hears his dog too. Someone or something is moving outside the wagon!
Luke and Nate are bedded down next to the fire, which now is only glowing embers. Catherine is asleep in the other wagon. The fire does not cast enough light to illuminate the crouched figure slipping into their midst. There is, however, enough moonlight to see the dark shape of a man holding a pistol in his hand.
The intruder quietly tiptoes over to Luke’s bedroll. Luke is rolled in his old saddle blanket for cover; his black slouch hat covers his head and face. The assailant bends over and sticks his six-shooter between Luke’s hat and blanket. What should have been his neck was empty space. The gun barrel touched nothing! Luke’s bedroll was empty. Luke wasn’t there!
Luke steps from the bushes grab the infiltrator by the hair of his head and thrusts his ten-inch, razor sharp, Bowie knife hard against the man’s jugular vein. At the same time, Nate rolls from his blanket brandishing the old reliable Colt forty-four. Sam pokes his head from the rear of the wagon slamming a shell into the Spencer and swiftly raises it to his shoulder ready to fire.
The sneak thief has four accomplices, who quickly drop their sidearms to the ground, throw their arms into the air and yell, “Don’t shoot, we surrender!”
Luke kicks a couple of logs onto the fire and pushes his attacker close to get a good look at him. “Well, well,” said Luke, “Look what we have here ambusher Bart Black and his merry men! Sam, you and Nate keep these other bushwhackers covered, if they more’n twitch an eye shoot’em dead. Catherine, get in the wagon with Sam.”
Luke lowers the knife from Bart’s neck, turns him so they can speak face-to-face, “Drop your .44 to the ground! You sure have been following us for a long time; what’s your game?”
“I knowed from the start you warn’t no hick as you pretended. I saw right off you knowed more about my twin brother than you let on. You kilt him, didn’t you?”
“Yeah, I’m afraid you’re right about that Mr. Black. Just as I’m afraid the same is going to happen to you now!”
Just as Luke was finishing, Bart grabs Luke’s knife hand, and a fight to the death begins. Bart’s men start to retrieve their shooting irons, but Nate steps between them and the fight, cocking his hammer on his .44, they freeze in their tracks. “Let’em be,” said Nate.
Bart and Luke wrestle and claw at one another. They exchange savage blows. At one point, it appears Bart has the upper hand and at other times it is Luke who is winning. Bart picks up a handful of dirt, throws it into Luke’s eyes then knocks him through the campfire to the ground. Luke had no sooner fallen than Bart pounces on him with the glistening, steel Bowie knife. A loud sigh is heard, both men fall limp; a river of crimson blood is seen flowing from beneath the two onto the grass and dirt. Has Bart’s knife found its mark in Luke’s heart? 
Nate, Sam, and Catherine are frozen with fright they hold their breath afraid to breathe. 
Finally, struggling, Luke pushes Bart from his body. Luke’s chest is wet with blood! Hot, red blood is running from his chest and dripping onto the ground. Catherine and Sam are horrified. However, at second look they see the knife blade is buried deep within the chest of the outlaw Bart. It is he who has the knife sticking from his body, the blood is his, his eyes are open, his face displays a surprised look, he is dead. It appears Bart did not believe he would be the loser of this knife fight. He was wrong – dead wrong. 
Luke turns to the remaining four men – “Where’s the rest of your ornery bunch? There were ten of you when you came to our farm.”
The closest outlaw answers, “Two got theirselves kilt when we wuz up on the mountain and the others got kilt at a Union roadblock this side of Knoxville. We run in to a couple of scrappy young Union guards that jest wouldn’t let us pass.”
Luke questioned, “What happened to the guards?”
“We wounded one in the shoulder afore a big bunch of them blue-bellies showed up, the other’n didn’t git a scratch. We had a purty good fight, but four of our boys got kilt.”
“Your leader Bart Black is lying here on the ground dead with that knife sticking out of his chest, what are your intentions now?”
“Listen mister, Bart kept promisin’ we’d git rich if we followed him. We had done realized he wuz lying; he jest wanted revenge on you for killin’ his brother. If you let us go, we promise we’ll be headin’ back to Texas, and you won’t never see us agin. I’m Bill Johnson, and you got my word on it.”
Luke looked long and hard at the four; he could see one of them was just a kid. Should he just kill them then and there and get it over with, or let them go?
“All right, I’ve made up my mind. Nate get the shovels out of the wagon.”
“Please Mister, please don’t kill us and make us dig our own graves too!”
“Oh, shut up! I’m not killing you; although, I’m thinking I should, and will probably regret it, but you’re gonna bury your leader Bart, and then I’m letting you all be on your way back to Texas when you get finished. Nate empty their six-shooters and remove all the cartridges from their pistol belts and give their guns back to ’em. They will probably need ’em, it’s a long ride to the Lone Star State.” 
As the men began digging the grave, Luke reaches down and unbuckles the silver spurs from Bart’s boots, “You don’t think Bart would mind if he gave me his spurs, do you? No, I didn’t think so. Oh, by the way, I think he would want me to have his fancy boots too.” Luke said slipping the boots from dead Bart’s feet.

CHAPTER FORTY-FOUR 
Home Sweet Home 

The little party of Scarburgs including Sary has been on the trail from Alabama to South Carolina for months. A trip, that should have taken only a few weeks, has now stretched in to months. They have ridden through rain, hail, sleet, snow, and flooded rivers. They suffered terribly, but now as Malinda speaks gently to the mules, “Giddy up Joe, come on Little Bob,” she is finally coming up the pathway to Scarlett. Her mind drifts back to that day in 1837, almost twenty-seven years earlier, when Robert told of traveling this very lane as he returned from the Indian Wars. She can still remember his description:
‘I rounded the last bend in the road, nearing the long drive leading to Scarlett’s main house. I knew I should be able to see the house sitting up on the hill through the stand of oaks and maples growing near the entrance gate. The main house should have been a reflection in the lily pond beside the road from the gate to the main house. Glaring intently I could sense something was wrong. I could not see our house. The only things I could see were the six white porch columns and the four red brick chimneys.’
A sense of déjà vu envelops her as she approaches the last bend in the road nearing the drive leading to Scarlett. She stops her wagon and sits quietly looking and was still seeing, in her mind’s eye, the beautiful six white Greek columns of the porch; the four red brick chimneys two on each end of the house; the balcony that overhung the two massive oak front doors and the golden chandelier that hung suspended on a twenty foot chain from the second floor. 
Now, all she could see was the blackened remains of her once grand Scarlett Plantation, and the four red brick chimneys. Standing as giant bookends to the beauty of this plantation, now they were only large cardinal shaded tombstones emphasizing the bleak, graveyard appearance that Scarlett had become.
She can stand it no longer, “Gitta up,” she orders turning into the long drive leading up to the once magnificent place called Scarlett, their home. She let the team of mules lead the way up the gravel drive. Her eyes fill with tears seeing the devastated sight before her. Near the main house, the driveway divides and another narrow lane leads to the carriage house, she turns to the right heading in its direction. Her mules come to a stop. Standing in front of her are some children! Who are these children she wonders? Wiping the tears from her eyes, she blinks to clear her blurred vision. She can now see them plainly. “No! No! This cannot be true!” 
“Mama, Mama,” screams Lizzie as she runs down the path toward Malinda. “Mama,” yells William, running close behind his baby sister. Lizzie and William run up to the wagon; Malinda is faint, she believes she is going to fall from the wagon. 
Stephen Ingram jumps from the wagon, “William, Lizzie is it really you? You did not drown! You’s not ghosts, are you?”
Sary is up on the wagon beside Malinda wetting her face with a handkerchief. The shock of seeing William and Lizzie is just too much for her. In a moment or so, she regains her composure, “William, Lizzie come here my darlings let me touch you. Let me hold you.”
Standing off to one side, Uncle Dave and Ora Lee watch the happy reunion. While Malinda, William, Lizzie and the rest of the family rejoice, Sary speaks to Ora Lee, “Lands sakes woman, what in the world is this? Can youse explain?”
Ora Lee tells how Lizzie fell into the river and could not swim. William jumped in to help. Both were swept downstream in the swollen river. William clung to a tree branch as it floated for miles down the Tallulah River. Eventually, it drifted close enough to shore to allow William to crawl upon the sandy riverbank. He sat with head in his hands, disheartened with tears in his eyes thinking sister Elizabeth had drown. Within minutes, William heard a voice he will never forget, “Here William, I’m here!” It was Lizzie, alive, she had been floating on the large wooden Bible box she had under her arm. She never let it go. Fortunately, they came ashore at the place where the Saluda River empties into the Tallulah River. Mink Creek, where Scarburg Mill is located flows into the Saluda. Luck was with William and Lizzie; they hitched a ride that very afternoon with a riverboat man. A boatman on his way, with a barge full of corn, headed to the Scarburg Mill to get it ground in to cornmeal. William and Lizzie had the comfort of floating almost to Scarlett. Leaving the Tallulah, up the Saluda, from the Saluda into Mink Creek and Scarlettsville. They had been at Scarlett for over a month now.
Uncle Dave and Ora Lee announce, “Everybody come on up to the carriage house. You folks is home now!”

CHAPTER FORTY-FIVE
The War is Over 

Spring was finally arriving in 1865. Robert has waited day after day to hear his name called as Captain William Mayo had promised. Robert thought as he lay on his bunk, ‘the Captain did not promise I would be exchanged, he only said he put in a recommendation to add my name to the exchange list. Anything could have happened to prevent this from taking place.’
The last couple of months have taken its toll on Robert’s health. His only friend now is T.J. Wells; Robert never knew what the T.J. stood for. He is just known as TJ. TJ had been with Robert at Gettysburg, just in another outfit. Had it not been for TJ, Robert would not have survived as long as he has. Robert was too weak to walk even to the mess house to get what meager rations are being served. TJ would, somehow, get him a piece of meat or a slice of bread occasionally, not much, but enough to keep him alive.
News is flowing into Point Lookout like a river. Each day more talk comes of the War ending. General Grant still has General Lee besieged at Petersburg, Virginia, but recent news indicate that General Lee’s Army of Northern Virginia has slipped away from Petersburg on the night of April 2-3 and is headed west. Followed closely by General Grant’s Army of the Potomac. 
All the prisoners in Point Lookout know a final, decisive battle is coming; it is just a matter of when and where. Lee’s army is starving; most have no shoes, their supply of ammunition is almost exhausted. To General Lee, surrender is the only course of action left. He does not want to needlessly sacrifice his soldier’s lives. On 9 April, the General laments, “There is nothing left for me to do, but to go and see General Grant and I would rather die a thousand deaths."
At 4 p.m., on the afternoon of 9 April 1865, General Robert E. Lee meets General Ulysses S. Grant at the home of Wilmer Mclean. They meet at a small crossroads known simply as Appomattox Courthouse, and General Lee surrenders the Army of Northern Virginia. For all practical purposes, the War of the Rebellion, or as the Yanks call it the Civil War, is finally over. 
One correspondent standing in the yard of the Mclean house remarks, “Strange, the War started in Wilmer Mclean’s yard at the 1st Battle of Bull Run on the outskirts of Washington, D.C. in 1861. He moves to Virginia to get his family away from the fighting, and the War ends in his yard in 1865!”
News of the surrender did not reach Point Lookout until the afternoon of 10 April 1865. TJ bolts into the tent, “Robert, you must hear the news! Bobby Lee has surrendered his self and his Army of Northern Virginny. Yeah, you heard right he surrendered sommers west of Petersburg, Virginny, at a place called Appomattox, you ever hear’d of it? No? Me neither.”
Robert weakly asks what did TJ think is going to happen now? TJ responds by saying the talk is the prisoners are to be taken by steamer down to Norfolk, Virginia and set free.
“TJ for two years now I have posted letters to my family in Alabama. As to date, I have never received a reply, as far as I know they might not even be alive. I had two sons, Luke and Matthew with me at Gettysburg, I’ve never found out what happened to them. I know the War is over, but even if I get carried to the steamer, I will not survive. Can you do me one last favor – write a letter to my brother Isaac Scarburg in care of the Scarburg Mill at Scarlettsville, South Carolina. At the very least, my family can know of my final demise.”
“Robert, my friend, if I can find some paper and pen, I assure you I will post a letter to your brother. Hang in there my friend, you ain’t gonna die! Me and you have come to close to the end to die now.”
Point Lookout is a scurry during the following weeks, most of the Negro guards ran off afraid of retaliation by the prisoners. In fact, for the past couple of weeks there have been no guards on the walls at all, but where are the inmates to go? Most are in rags; all are barefoot, ribs you can count, beards and hair that have needed scissors many months ago. They look like dead men walking; in fact, a lot of them were just that, walking dead men. Robert, unfortunately, is one of them. 
TJ had not forgotten his promise to Robert, he finds a pen, but he cannot find writing paper. One afternoon, TJ has an inspiration. The prison is overrun by worthless Confederate money, shinplasters as the men call the currency. Why not use them to write a note to Robert’s brother? On the white backs of a couple of ten-dollar Confederate bills, TJ pens a brief note to Isaac letting him know his brother Robert is alive at the Point Lookout Prison in Maryland. 
As he walks along Pennsylvania Avenue heading toward the mail office, he shoves the two ten-dollar shinplasters into an envelope. A couple of malcontents see what TJ is doing. To their covetous eyes, he is sending good Union greenbacks home. They are going to have none of that, one of the ruffians approaches TJ, “What’s yer doin’ my good man, sendin’ yer sweetie yer savings, huh?”
“My what? Savings? Well no, there are no funds in this post I am making.”
“Well, we’ll jest have to see fer ourselves, won’t we there,” the provocateur at his back says as he grabs the envelope. TJ makes an effort to grab it back, but the man in front withdraws a prison made shiv from his pants and plunges it into TJ’s heart, killing him instantly.
The murderer pulls the paper from the envelope, sees it is nothing but worthless shinplasters. Walking away, he scatters the worthless currency, containing TJ’s note to Robert’s brother, over TJ’s dead body. 
Robert’s lifeline to the outside world is now severed completely. He truly is now going to die... and alone... 

CHAPTER FORTY-SIX 
Homecoming 
 
Luke, Catherine, Sam, Nate, Kentucky Lead and the hounds spend the past week resting and relaxing at the old fort at Fort Payne, Alabama. News arrives that the War is nearly over. Over? It is hard to visualize, no more kill or be killed. Now Luke believes they can get back home and get on with their lives.
“Everyone get aboard; it’s roughly forty more miles and we will be home. We’ll get up on Sand Mountain at Rainsville, head south, and two days later we will be eating supper with Mother and the rest of the family. Who knows, Father and Matthew may already be there.”
Luke propped his silver spur adorned black boot upon the dashboard of the wagon and yells, “Let’s go, Albertville or Bust!” The remainder of the day they spend working their way up the steep mountain road from Fort Payne to Rainsville. As the sun sets on the western side of Sand Mountain, Robert stands with his arm around Catherine watching the ever-changing rainbow of lights fade as night approaches. Turning to Catherine, “That’s one good thing about living on top of a mountain my dear wife.”
“And what’s that my dear husband?”
“You get to see a beautiful sunset every day!”
“I know, and isn’t it gorgeous?”
Sitting around the campfire that evening Robert describes the farm – the rolling hills of grass, the pines, Hog Creek, the canyon and the caves. He tells Sam how the mountainsides are covered with raccoons and laughs when he makes a joke about how Kentuck will think he is in ‘coon heaven. He tells Sam the area abounds with ‘coon hunters and after Sam has his pack of Walker coonhounds ready for sale he’ll be rolling in money. Those ‘coon hunters will pay good Yankee greenbacks for his Walker hounds.
Morning comes early on top of a mountain; it is the first place the initial rays of sunshine strike. This morning is no different, the first light of day falls on two wagons already up and moving south across the mountain toward Luke’s home. “Just one more day and we’ll be there,” says Luke.
It is nearing mid-afternoon when Luke halts his wagon. He announces to everyone that the farm is just around the next curve. “The gate will be on the left, and the farmhouse can be seen a little ways up the road from the gate.” 
Luke is anxious; he snaps the reins and the horses jump. “Gitta up gals, we’re almost home.”
They round the curve and arrive at the gate. The gate is secured tightly with an enormous log chain wrapped around the gate and gatepost, a lock big enough to secure a boat to its mooring holds the chain together. A weathered piece of paper flutters in the breeze. Luke snatches the paper down and sees it is an eviction notice dated back to the summer of last year. “What is this? It says ‘Eviction for Non-payment of Taxes’!
“Nate hand me the Spencer!”
Luke loads one cartridge, aims directly at the huge lock and fires. 
The large .56 caliber lead bullet tears through that old lock like a hot knife through butter. Luke jerks the chain loose, jumps back upon his wagon seat and moves through the gate.
Reaching the front porch Luke stops. He cannot imagine what he sees - the place is empty! Not just empty it appears deserted. Leaves have blown upon the porch; grass and weeds are growing through the front steps, and a pane of glass is broken out of one of the porch windows. A portion of a white curtain pokes out and waves in the breeze.
Before anyone can speak, Nate sees the little cemetery under the red oak tree. Luke, Catherine, and Sam watch him slowly move toward the tree and they follow. Inside the picket fence, they see three graves. One stone is marked ‘Margaret Scarburg,’ another ‘Jed Scarburg’ and the third ‘Jefferson Scarburg.’ Nate falls to his knees but does not speak; tears begin to form in his eyes. “This is my Pa and brother Jefferson. What could have happened Luke? Pa and Jefferson is dead!”
“Yes, it appears so. I am sorry Nate, but your mother must still be alive. Notice there is no grave with Sary’s name on it. The other grave is sister Margaret; she got killed on the trip from South Carolina. Your Pa and Father went back to North Georgia and brought her here to her final resting place.”
“Yer rite Luke, but where’s Ma, and where’s yer family?”
Getting back on the wagons Luke suggests a visit to Doc Crawford’s place. Doc is just down the road, and if anyone knows what has happened, it will be the doctor.
Knocking on Doc Crawford’s door Luke is anxious to find out what has happened to his mother, brothers, and sisters. Nate needs an explanation for the death of his father and brother too.
Doc Crawford is surprised to see the group standing on his front porch – he thinks he recognizes Luke, but Nate, the woman, and the young lad are not familiar to him. After introductions, he invites them to have seats on the porch, and before he can ask them to sit and get comfortable Luke and Nate barrage Doc with questions about their families.
“Slow down gentlemen, one at a time. I understand you both are quite upset over the events on the Scarburg place. First off, for you Luke, your family left some time ago and went back to Scarlettsville. Some tragedy had befallen your Uncle Isaac at Scarlett, and the overseer had requested they come and give him some assistance. The request was fortuitous Luke since your family’s farm had fallen into delinquency over its taxes with the county. Your mother could not pay what was due.” 
Walking back inside to his desk, he withdrew the Quit Claim deed for the farm. Back on the porch he hands it to Luke, “As you can see Luke she signed the farm over to me if I could pay the back taxes. I’m sorry Luke I did not have the money to buy your farm. If I had, I would let you have it back.”
“What happened to the farm Doc?”
“The farm was purchased by Judge Slade. The worst sort of Carpetbagger the South has ever had to endure – he has bought up most all the land up and down Hog Creek, except mine. So far I have been able to stay barely ahead of him and the tax collector. Slade had a strong-arm by the name of Louie Labeau, who did all his dirty work. He is a scoundrel from New Orleans, I believe. Judge Slade has his Yankee tentacles in the county courthouse also. When Slade finds land he wants, he gets that other Carpetbagger county judge to foreclose on ’em. Then Slade picks the land up for pennies on the dollar.
“Nate, even tho’ we have never officially met I have known about you all these years. I have been acquainted with your Ma and Pa, and I hate to be the one to inform you of the death of your father and brother. Their deaths were at the hand of that coward Louie Labeau. Shot’em down in the yard, he did, they never had a chance. 
“During the War, Labeau was Captain of the Home Guard and had come to Malinda’s place to conscript William and Isaac into the Confederate Army. Uncle Jed and Jefferson stood up to him and he killed them both. Shot your Mama too, but she survived. Uncle Jed and Jefferson are buried right there under that red oak tree at the edge of the yard. One good word though Nate, your Ma’ma is all right, she went with Malinda back to Scarlett.”
“Yessir, thanks, Doc, we’d done seen theirs graves. Thank ya, for the story ‘bout how they done got kilt tho’, I appreciate it. I sure do appreciate knowing about Ma.”
“Mrs. Scarburg...”
“Please Doc, call me Catherine.”
“Luke, Catherine, Sam and Nate you all are welcome to stay here with me until you can decide what your next plans are – I have plenty of room for all of you.”
“Thanks, Doc, but I already know what our plans are – we are heading to Scarlettsville.”
“I don’t blame you son, but I know your horses and mules are done worn out. Before you leave go out to my barn, get you a couple of strong mules and some fresh horses. Turn yours loose in my pasture – they deserve a good rest. They’ll be right here if you ever get to come back.”
“Nate, to show Doc our appreciation go out to your wagon and let’s get Doc one of them things we keep wrapped up in the back.”
“Yer’s means one of the hounds, does you?”
“Well, now that you mention it yes, if it’s all right with Sam, I’d like Doc Crawford to have one of those beautiful Kentucky coon hounds. Doc has always been a big coon hunter; he’ll appreciate a dog like that.”
“Darn right, Luke I’d love for Doc to have one of my hounds.”
“And Nate in addition to the hound, bring Doc one of the rifles.”
“Well, I’ll be,” said Doc standing on the porch looking at the Walker coon dog. “That’s one of the finest dogs I’ve ever laid my eyes on, what’s his breed you say?”
“Doc, just call him a ‘Walker’,” replies Sam.
Nate handed Doc the Henry rifle. Doc jerked his hand back like the gun was hot, “What is that? That ain’t a Henry is it? I’ve heard boys comin’ home from the War talkin’ about them. Never knew they existed until now. My, oh my, a Henry! They say it holds sixteen shells at one time.”
“That’s about right Doc,” Luke handed him one of the outlaws pistol belts with every loop loaded with an extra Henry cartridge. Luke let the Colt .44 remain in the holster, besides they still had a wagon full of them.
“You givin’ me this Colt six-shooter too. Why, that’s way too much Luke. You keep ’em you might need ‘em on the trail to Carolina.”
“Nah, Doc we got plenty more. Take care of yourself; hope to see you some day. Oh, has any word ever been received about Father or Matthew?”
“I’m sorry Luke, not a single word about them, the only word lately is about the War finally ending.”
“The War is over?” asked Nate? “When Doc?”
“I heard is was sometime around the first week in April.”
“Over, it’s finally over!” said Luke, astonished.
“Luke you surely must not have received any news lately?”
“Nah Doc, We have been on the trail for weeks and didn’t hear about the War ending. We laid over at Fort Payne and news there was the War was about over.”
“You didn’t hear about the President either, I gather?”
“The President? You talkin’ about President Davis?”
“No, President Abraham Lincoln. He was assassinated on the 14th of April and died the next morning. A man by the name of Booth killed him.”
“Booth? John Wilkes Booth?”
“Yes that was his name. You look surprised? Did you know him Luke?”
“Kind of, I suppose,” Luke replied thinking of his friend Jamie Morefield, and the night they spent in the wagon in front of Surratt’s Tavern. “Yeah, I knew him.”
Nate walked back upon the porch, “Doc, I want you to do me a favor.”
“Anything Nate, if it’s within my power.”
“I want you to tell that Louie Labeau feller to sleep with one eye open from now on. ‘Cause one day, he won’t know when, he won’t know where and fer sure he won’t know how. You tells him I’m gonna kill him – stone cold dead! I swear it before you, Luke, Catherine, Sam and God...on my Pappy and Jefferson’s graves...tell him this ain’t no warnin’, it’s fer shore a promise!”

CHAPTER FORTY-SEVEN 
Candy grows on 
 
“I’m sorry,” Luke said patting Catherine on the leg, “I thought we would be home, but I guess home is somewhere else.” As he talks to Catherine he pulls the wagon up to the hitching rail in front of Lang’s Mercantile store in Albertville. “Let’s load up with supplies – we need beans, bacon, salt, flour, coffee, sugar if they have it and whatever else you think we need to get to Scarlett.”
Nate and Sam follow Luke as he steps upon the board sidewalk in front of the store, “Luke, you knows wes ain’t got no hard money to buy supplies with,” said Nate.
“Yeap, you’re right,” said Luke walking around to the rear of Nate’s wagon and removing a Henry rifle. They all walk into the store; Nate and Sam begin picking up the needed supplies and pile them on the counter. They are both worried that Luke is going to rob the store for their supplies. 
Catherine moves over to the women’s apparel and stands in front of a full-length mirror trying on frilly hats. First she tries on one, ties the ribbon under her chin, turns her head one way then the other. Tries others, doing the same with each. Luke sees her standing in front of the mirror and slips up behind her. Putting his arms around her waist, he places his mouth close to her ear and whispers, “That one is sure pretty – pretty hat for a pretty lady.”
“Oh shush, I was just looking. Now go on about your business.”
As Luke walks away grinning, he looks back over his shoulder at Catherine and quietly says to her, “I thought I was going about my business.” 
Nate and Sam pass a display case filled with glass bowls full of hard candies. “My, oh my, Sam, it has been a month of Sundays since I done had me one of these here sweets.”
“Well Nate, you’ve done better’n me, I ain’t never tasted one of ’em.”
“Oh, now Sam, I jest wish you could get a taste of that yeller one there,” Nate said pointing with his finger. “Them candies come from somethin’ called a limmen tree – feller sez to me once they grow on trees sommers in a place called Floriday. They must harden up once you pluck’em from the limbs.”
Luke walks by and hears them talking. He overhears Nate trying to explain the lemon drop candy, and the look of awe on Sam’s face as Nate tells him about them. Luke grins and walks on.
All the goods are piled on the counter; the clerk removes a pencil from behind his ear and starts scribbling on a scrap of paper. “Well sir,” says he, “your bill comes to twelve dollars and fifty cents even.”
“All right,” replies Luke, “but I believe I’ll have me a poke full of them lemon drop candies and the Missus will take that blue bonnet she last tried on.”
“Why Luke that cost a dollar and a half,” exclaims Malinda.
“Let’s see now, twelve fifty plus the bonnet, that’ll make fourteen dollars. Then add in ten cents for the bag of hard candy, I believe your total will be, let’s see now, yeah that’s right, fourteen dollars and ten cents.”
“Sounds about right,” said Luke placing the Henry down on the counter. Nate and Sam cringe, here it comes they think. Sam turns away he can’t watch. Nate hopes Luke won’t kill the young kid behind the counter. Maybe he’ll just wing him in the arm or something.
“Fourteen dollars and ten cents huh? That seems fair,” Luke picks up the Henry. He cocks the lever, chambering a cartridge into the rifle. Sam shuts his eyes; he can’t stand the sight of the blood he knows is about to start flowing.
Raising the rifle, Luke says, “I’m afraid I have to...”
‘Oh no,’ thought Nate, ‘here it comes. Please, dear Lord I pray, please don’t let Mister Luke kilt this young, white boy!’ 
“To...to...” continues Luke.
“Yes sir, you have a question?”
“Yes, I’m afraid I do not have enough funds to pay for my purchases, how about a trade, this gun for your goods?”
“But...but...Mister that there is a Henry repeating rifle! I’ll have to go in back and get Mr. Lang, the owner.”
Coming from the back hurries a portly man, wearing a white shirt with black garters holding up his long sleeves. He has a green visor on his baldhead and a black vest that’s a tad too small for his paunchy belly. His cigar is now nothing but a stub; it has long since burned out. His eyeglasses balance precariously on the end of his nose. He appears to be a man with a very unpleasant disposition. “What the galldurn is goin’ on up here Fred, can’t you handle something simple as checking these folks out?”
“Yes sir, Mr. Lang, but they want to trade for the goods.”
“Trade, we don’t trade! It’s cash on the barrelhead. Cash I tell you. You know my policy Fred, good old U.S. greenbacks, none of that Confederate stuff neither. What you folks think, my fine establishment is a Swap and Shop?” Mr. Lang said thrashing his arms about in a threatening manner.
Luke picks up the rifle, “We’d like to trade you this rifle for our supplies.”
“Hen...Hen...Henry! That’s a sixteen shot Henry repeating rifle Mister. There has never been one in these parts. Ain’t that the gun they say you can load on Sunday and shoot all week?”
“Well,” says Luke, “There it is, and you can be its proud, new owner, and I’ll throw in ten, no make that fifteen extra .44 caliber cartridges to go with this Henry, lever-action, breech-loading beauty, but as far as shooting it all week, I’ve found I usually have to load her again around Thursday!”
“Well Fred, what you waiting for? Get these fine folk’s supplies loaded up in their wagon,” Mr. Lang said over his shoulder as he admiringly rubbed his hand along the rifle as he walked back to his office.

*  *  *  *  *

Riding out of Albertville Nate and Sam grin as they suck on the lemon drops and watch the wagon ahead as Catherine ties the blue ribbon on her new hat. They know Scarlettsville can’t be but a couple of weeks away. “Giddy up, horses, we got some more traveling to do.”

CHAPTER FORTY-EIGHT
“Mornin’ Major” 
 
Riding into Albertville a few days earlier Luke had worn a civilian jacket over his blue Union shirt. He was not sure how the folks in and around Albertville would take to a soldier dressed in Union blue coming into their town.
Riding out of town, he removes the jacket and wears the old blue Yankee shirt and yellow suspenders he has been wearing for months now. They might be Union blue, but they seem a part of him, and he feels comfortable wearing them.
Luke and his convoy follow the road from the top of the Plateau of Sand Mountain into the valley, but they pass the military compound at Fort Payne. They are anxious to get to South Carolina and are not wasting any time on this trip, besides, the horses and mules are fresh and the load is easy for them to pull.
In a couple of days, they are in the Blue Ridge Mountains of northern Georgia, at the southern end of the Appalachians. At night, Luke does not post a guard, and during the day he isn’t concerned about running in to soldiers. After all, the War is over.
It must have been the second or third day traveling down a winding trail through the mountains when suddenly from the woods to their left five men emerge. Their dress is Confederate gray, and their once proud uniforms are dirty, ragged and disheveled. The leader’s collar indicates he once held the rank of Major.
“Mornin’ Major,” said Luke as the men approach. “You fellers trying to make your way home?”
“What’s it to you Yank! Mind yer own business, what you got in them wagons?”
“Hold on there Major, I was Confed just like you boys.”
“Nah, I see yer still wearin’ that stinkin’ Yankee blue. I should shoot you down right here and now!”
“Wait a minute Major, the War is over – I know the South lost, but you fellers should get on back to your homes and get on with your lives. Y’all probably got a missus and young’uns that are waiting on y’all to return.”
“You Yankee scum, don’t you be tellin’ us Southern boys what we need or don’t need to be doin’. You got a rifle in that wagon yer ridin’ in?”
“No sir, I don’t have a rifle in my wagon, but I have a Colt .44 in this gun holster I’m wearing.”
“Hand it over to me, real slow-like now. General Lee might of give up, but we didn’t. We jest found out it’s easier to rob Yankee folks like you travelin’ through these parts.”
“Major, you’re just an outlaw, robbing folks just because there are more of you fellers, and you got guns. This isn’t right?”
“Oh, we do more than jest rob, we are goin’ to kill you too. We don’t leave any witnesses.”
“Major, please reconsider what you are doing – you have survived the War and survived it alive. Why would you all want to go get yourselves killed today, now that the War is over and having endured the hardships and misery of these last four years?”
One of the Major’s men riding behind Luke’s wagon responds, “I think you got it wrong Yank, youse the one that’s gonna get kilt,” he said starting to poke his rifle into the rear of Luke’s wagon. 
Before he has a chance to see inside, Nate from his wagon behind Luke, grabs his fully loaded Spencer, fires from the hip punching a .56 caliber hole clean through the renegade soldier. The bullet knocked the rider off his horse to the muddy road. Sam grabs his Spencer and begins firing too. Luke still has the Colt in his hand, the butt-end toward the Major. He suddenly flips it around into firing position and shoots the Major, two lightening quick slugs to the chest. 
It was all over in a matter of seconds – the Major and all four of his men lie bleeding and dying in the mud. Luke steps down from the wagon and approaches the dying Major, who is gasping for breath. He manages to mumble, “I...I thought you...you said you didn’t have a...a... rifle in your wagon!”
Luke kneels down beside the dying man, “I didn’t have a rifle, but my two friends in the back wagon did. They have a couple of seven shot Spencer repeaters. Oh, sorry, did I forget to mention that? I guess you and your friends now know what those rifles can do, when fired up close and personal, huh? 
“I suppose you should have taken my advice Major and gone on home. Now you’re just going to be dead, lying here in this slimy, Georgia mud because we’re moving on down the road. Maybe someone will come by directly and bury y’all’s sorry souls; otherwise the buzzards are fixing to have an excellent meal. Oh, Major do I sound bitter? You’re darn right I do, I didn’t lie to you, I am a Southerner and I fought proudly for the Southern cause, lost some of my blood and a bunch of my friends, but men like you cheapen the South’s whole War effort.” Luke reaches over and removes the “CSA” emblem from the Major’s muddy hat. Looking at the metal emblem he is holding he says out loud, “CSA - Confederate States of America; you don’t deserve to be wearing this!” Luke throws the piece of metal into the woods. 
“Nate, you and Sam strip them of all their guns and knives, and pitch the saddles in the wagon. Run the horses off, we can’t care for them.”
“Right you is.” Says Nate.
Standing up, Luke touches his own cap in a half-hearted salute, “So long Major, I believe this just hasn’t been your day!”

CHAPTER FORTY-NINE
The Request 

Luke climbs back upon his wagon. Catherine is beside herself; she doesn’t know whether to cry or faint. “Luke, I was so terrified, I thought those men were going to kill us.”
Luke grins, as he urges his mules forward, “I believe they thought so too, but we had to change their minds! Some people you can talk to, others must be persuaded.”
“But, Luke aren’t you going to give those men a proper burial?”
“What they got is as fitting as they deserve, gitty up there mules, we got things to do and places to go.”
Sam speaks to Nate as they ride toward Scarlettsville, “I believe Luke is a man of few words.”
“Yeah, he shore is! And them fellows should’ve been listenin’ to the few ones he said!”
“How much further do you think it is to Scarlettsville, Nate?”
“Don’t know for sure Sam, but wes should be there sometimes by the end of the week, if these scoundrels will leave us be.”
Pouring the remains of his coffee into the fire that night Luke tells them to expect to be at Scarlett around noon on Friday. “You know,” he said, “I’ve lived in these wagons and slept beside this campfire so long, I believe I’m going to miss this.”
Nate rubs his backside, “I’s for one ain’t gonna miss that wagon seat that’s for shore, and I’s believes I’s won’t never been able to sleep in a nuther soft bed!”

SCARLETT PLANTATION

Stopped at the front gate Luke is bewildered. Where is Scarlett’s main house? It is no longer there! Doc Crawford only spoke of something happening to Isaac, his uncle, but he didn’t say anything about the big house being burned. If the house is gone Luke figures his family must be staying in the carriage house, provided they are still here.
Heading up the driveway Luke pulls the .44 and fires off a couple of rounds to announce their arrival. By the time, they arrive at the house the entire family is assembled awaiting the two wagons. Malinda recognizes Luke as the lead wagon turns the last bend in the driveway – she cannot wait. Running down the drive, she can only yell, “Luke! Luke!”
Sary sees Nate and throws her hands into the air, “Glory be to God! Thanks you oh Lord! Thanks you fer deliverin’ my child home to me.”
Catherine was introduced to everyone, and now all are sitting around in the sitting room. Cool water is served with just a sprig of mint, but Luke cannot wait, he must know what has happened. 
Uncle Dave tells the whole story of the Union deserters and the shoot-out in Scarlett’s front yard. Choking back tears Uncle Dave explains Isaac’s heroic attempt to stop the bandits, and how he got killed for his efforts. How Mizz Linda Lou was killed in the shoot-out too. After plundering the main house, they set it ablaze. The only place the family now has to live is in the carriage house. He explains Scarlett has no money, no one to work and nothing to work with if anyone was available. All the livestock has been stolen or confiscated by the army, both North and South. He doesn’t know what they are going to do.
Later everyone has gone to bed except Luke who sits on the porch steps; Kentuck lies beside him both watch the moon slowly rising over the trees toward the east. The moonlight reflects off Scarlett’s lily pond giving the night a peaceful and pastoral feeling. Malinda quietly opens the screen door walks across the porch and sits down beside her son. The night is crisp and cold. She wraps her arm around Luke’s, pulls her shawl tight, and says, “I’m so glad to get you home Luke. Aren’t you a little cold out here?”
Patting her on the hand, “I’m glad to be home too Mother, but Nate and I have lived so long outside I didn’t even notice the chill in the air.”
Malinda asked why in all the years he had been gone he never posted a letter to her or why did she not hear from his father or Matthew? Even in the dim light Malinda could see the look of amazement on Luke’s face. He explained he had written dozens of times, but he never received a letter from her or anyone back home. He told her he knew his father and Matthew had been sending posts regularly too, but they had never received an answer either.
“Luke, I have been dying every since you arrived to ask: what about your father and Matthew? If it’s bad, I want to know. You don’t know what it has been like for the past three years without a word from any of you. I have almost gone out of my mind worrying.”
Luke takes his mother’s hand, “The last time I saw Father or Matthew Mother was during the Battle of Gettysburg. That was back in July of ’63. We were all together on the first day.”
“Wait Luke, I thought Matthew was with Stonewall as an aide or something.”
“He was Mother, but after Cousin Stonewall was killed Matthew requested a transfer to be with me and Father. As I said, on the first day of the fight at Gettysburg we were together, but we didn’t see much action that first day. On the 2nd day they moved our outfit, the 48th Alabama to a place known as the Devil’s Den. We were supposed to take a hill called Little Round Top. The area at the foot of the hill, Mother, is covered with huge boulders, some must weigh tons. During the initial charge, we all made it through the tall grass to the large rocks, but a Yankee stabbed Father in the chest with a bayonet during the Yanks counter attack.”
‘”Son, I hate to interrupt, but what is a bayonet?”
“Mother, it is a long knife stuck on the end of our rifles. It is about the size of your finger and about fifteen or sixteen long and razor sharp. Understand? All right, I worked my way over to him, and he was bleeding pretty badly. About this time, Matthew came rushing out of the grass, just as I received a bullet or rock fragment to my head. I was bleeding pretty badly, so I left Father with him while I went to find some medical help for Father and myself.”
“Did you get help and get back to Robert?”
Luke relates to her how he found a couple of litter bearers, but the battle was raging so hot and furious he could not return to the spot where his father received his wound. Malinda asks about Matthew.
“Mother, the next day I returned to our company and found Matthew, he said the last time he saw Father two litter bearers were carrying him away. Matthew did not know if he was still alive or not. Matthew and I did not have much time to talk; we were getting ready to mount an assault on the Yankee line. They were dug in on a hill about a mile away, called Cemetery Ridge. They sure named it right, because both sides sure left a lot of dead fellows up there.”
Luke described the men of Pickett’s Division’s assault across the field and how Matthew was right beside him, step by step, as they ran toward the split-rail fence. Tears began to form in his eyes as he told his mother how Matthew was shot trying to climb over the fence, but he could not stop and help. He explained the bullets flying around sounded like a nest of hornets had gotten loose. Luke said he ran a few yards toward the rock wall on Cemetery Ridge, but turned to look back toward the split-rail fence trying to see Matthew; however, the smoke was so dense he was unable to see the fence. Finally, he advanced to meet the Yankees in hand-to-hand fighting, but the re-enforced Yankees overcame the South’s forces. He then went on to tell her the whole story of his capture to the very minute they were sitting on the porch. By then it was close to midnight.
They sit for a few minutes listening to the crickets and tree frogs – in the distance they could hear the cooing of a mourning dove. “Luke,” Malinda said solemnly, “I must ask: do you think your father and brother are dead?”
“Mother, I do not know – I know both were still alive when I last saw them, but I wish I knew what happened to them later. I tried to find out, but I just do not have the answers Mother.”
“Luke, son, I’ve never asked you much, but now I’m asking, what do you really think?”
“Mother, I cannot lie to you – I will say they did not survive! I think both are dead.”
Next morning at breakfast, Ora Lee tells Luke she is glad that he and his new wife Catherine, along with Nate and Sam, have joined them at Scarlett; however she is ashamed she has nothing to offer them, she is practically destitute.
Luke thinks for a moment, then replies, “We have a wagon full of rifles, pistols, ammunition and saddles. I believe I can go into Scarlettsville and sell them for enough money to get us some food and enough supplies to get the spring planting started.”
“But, Luke we have no hands to help!”
“Well now, there’s me, Nate, Sam and Uncle Dave...”
“Don’t forget me Luke, I can help too,” chimed in Catherine.
“Yes, you’re right Catherine, you can help and so can Mother and Ora Lee. We may not be good farmers, but I believe we’ll do for a start. We’ve survived some hard times in the past I know we will survive this troublesome time too.
From across the table Malinda asks, “Once we finish the spring planting, I ask one favor?”
“Certainly Mother, anything.”
“Luke I want you to take a journey with me.”
“Yes, Mother of course, where do you want to go.”
“Son, I want to go to the battlefield at Gettysburg. I want to see for myself where Robert and Matthew were killed. I want to see if there are graves for them. I want to talk to the local people and see if any might remember them. I don’t know Luke; I just have this strange urge that I must go to that terrible place. The feeling seems to be pulling at my insides. I cannot describe it, I must go, sometimes Mother’s have a sixth sense about things such as this.”
Luke knows it is of no use to argue, “I understand Mother, I promise you here and now, if you need to go to Gettysburg I will take you.”
Catherine sets her cup down, “And I will consider it an honor if you allow me to accompany you Mrs. Scarburg.”
Malinda turns to Catherine, “My dear, yes you can go if you accept one condition.”
“Certainly, Mrs. Scarburg, what is it?”
“Please dear, call me Malinda. Mrs. Scarburg makes me feel too old.’
Sam and Nate both voice their desire to go to Gettysburg too, but Luke says someone must stay and oversee the plantation. Besides he says, they have to get the Mill back up and running too.

CHAPTER FIFTY 
The Mill 

After breakfast, Luke and Sam hitch up the wagon and go into Scarlettsville to the Mill. Riding into the open expanse of ground in front of Scarburg Mill Luke sees three, old, black men sitting on the bench underneath the giant oak tree. He stops for a moment and looks at the magnificent old oak. Even though, it is three-quarters of a century older, it is the same tree the British used to hang his g-g-g-grandfather. It is still a glorious sight to behold. Its spreading limbs must cover a distance of one hundred feet or more.  Driving the wagon closer to the wooden bench, although, it had been a long time, he recognizes Jethro, Rubin, and Daniel, or Rube and Dan’l as everyone calls them. The three men, for many years, have worked for Uncle Isaac, helping run the mill.
“Howdy, Jethro, Rube. How you been Dan’l?” Luke said. “It’s been quite a spell since I’ve seen you three. It’s me Luke Scarburg.”
“Why,” said Jethro turning, “who done said that? Is that you Master Luke Scarburg, well I’ll be it is. It is you ain’t it Master Luke? Yeah, it’s been a long time.” The three men stand, remove their hats and greet Luke as he steps from the wagon. “Good to see you Master Luke, somebody had done told your Uncle Isaac that they though you, Master Robert and Master Matthew had been kilt in the War.”
“Well, Jethro, they were almost right, I made it back, but I haven’t heard from Father or Matthew since that little fight at Gettysburg. Enough War talk, what have you three been up to?”
“We just come down here and sit on this ole bench everyday Master Luke since Master Isaac closed the mill, and dream about what used to be.”
“What? Closed the Mill! When did all this happen?”
“Oh,” said Jethro, “them Yankees or the Home Guard they was all the time coming by and taking Master Isaac’s cornmeal and flour. Yore uncle said it was just plain stealing, so he closed the mill. Then a couple of months ago a band of low down Yankee deserters came through this area burnt Scarlett and kilt the Master and Mizz Linda Lou. We have hoped when the War done ended Master Isaac would reopen the Mill, but with him now dead and gone we’s guessed the mill she is done finished, just like the rest of Scarlettsville.”
“Fellers, didn’t all three of you work for Isaac?”
“Shore did Luke, we worked fer him fer years.” 
 “Come over here men and sit back down on the bench, I’ve got something I want to talk to you about. But first, the War is over there are no more Masters, you are free. I wish you would call me just Luke. As free, hard working men, I have an idea for the three of you.”
Luke explained the plight Scarlett was in, how the mill needs to be reopened, and he thinks the three of them can re-open the mill and run it.
Jethro speaks up first, “Mast... uh, Luke, we won’t have no trouble grindin’ corn ner flour and makin’ the mill work, but Luke you knows neither me, Rube nor Dan’l don’t have nuff  learnin’ to do that figurin’ end of the business.”
“I may have an answer for that Jethro, Sam come over here for a second,” Luke motions to Sam sitting on the wagon seat. “Sam can read, write and cipher. He’s my brother-in-law, and he may be young but he’s sharp as a tack. What about it Sam, you want to take on the job as mill foreman?”
“I don’t know Luke! This may be too big for me.”
“Nah, Sam, you’re plenty big enough, your legs go all the way to the ground. All right, here’s what I propose. Sam, you, Jethro, Rube and Dan’l get this mill back running and get it making some money. I suggest a partnership – Sam and me will get half and Jethro, Rube and Dan’l you will get the other half. If you decide you need extra hands we will split their wages between our two halves, sound fair?”
“Luke is you sayin’ me, Rube and Dan’l gwine to be part owners in this here mill?”
“Yes, what I’m saying Jethro is we are all going to be partners. Sam will be in charge and you three will run the day-to-day grinding operations and we’ll all share in any money earned. What do you say?” 
“Sounds good to me,” says Sam.
“Darn right, youse can count on us,” says Jethro.
Luke knew Jethro, Rube and Dan’l have worked at the mill most of their lives. Jethro said, “We’s even worked for Captain Tom afore he done went on to the Promise Land.” They know all about the workings of all the various pieces of machinery, but Luke wants to know their opinion of the mills current operational readiness.
“Luke, them low-down Yankees come through here about a year ago and since we don’t have no cornmeal nor flour fer them to steal they gets mad and busted the big waterwheel. We’s has to fix it for shore. They done tried to set the Mill on fire, but we’s put it out, and it didn’t do much harm. They hitched a couple of mules to one of them grinding stones and jerked it off over yonder to the edge of that field. It ain’t hurt none, we’s just gots to put it back in its place in the Mill. Then they went and busted up the rest of the stores in town, them that had not already be tore up.
“They didn’t burn this here Mill; well they tried, and they didn’t burn the church nor the old Masonic Hall Number One. They’s still standing. We don’t know why they skipped them, theys must’a been religious or mason men.”
 “Well, I hate to hear about the town, but I’m glad they spared the Meetinghouse and Masonic Lodge, and you saved the Mill. Speaking of the Mill, so you believe you can get the old Mill back up and running?”
“Shore nuff, in fact, yer brother William and sister Elizabeth came upstream with a man that had a whole boatload of corn he wants to have ground in to cornmeal. He’s still tied up on the bank a bit downstream, says he come a long way to get his corn ground and now don’t know ‘xactly what he’s to do. Sez he got a store downriver sommers and folks are beggin’ fer cornmeal.”
“Dan’l run down there and tell him we’ll have this mill back up and running in a week! If he can just wait.”
“A week?” said Jethro, shaking his head.
“You bet’ya Jethro, you, Sam, Rube, and Dan’l can do it, I’m sure of it.”
“Well,” says Jethro, “that makes one of us! First off Luke, we’re gonna need some hard cash money for supplies to fix thangs – you got any ready Yankee money?”
“No, no I don’t Jethro, but I’ve got a load of guns in the wagon. Do you know anyplace I can sell them?”
“No, but peoples around here’s got hard money, but there ain’t nothing to spend it on. Most don’t have guns, them Yankees run off with ’em. I say next Saturday we done have us an auction right here at this Mill – we’ll put the word out, and you’ll have them guns done sold in no time.”
“Sounds like a plan, let’s getter done fellers.”

THE AUCTION

Saturday morning a large crowd has gathered in and around the Mill. Word has spread far and wide that an auction of guns is to take place at Scarburg Mill. Jethro was right, the people wanted guns, and they came to get them some. In the South, a man without a firearm feels as naked as he would feel if he were without his clothes.
Luke, Nate and Sam stand on the back of a wagon, and Luke holds up both arms to quieten the crowd and shouts, “Welcome, one and all, for you who don’t know me I’m Luke Scarburg. Isaac, that ran the Mill, was my uncle. My grandfather Captain Tom ran it before him. My great-great-granddad John Scarburg built this place and got hung right over yonder on that big old oak during the Revolution fightin’ the British.”
At the mention of Isaac, John, and Captain Scarburg, the crowd broke in to a big round of applause.
“Thank you, thank you,” said Luke holding up his hands up to quite the crowd again. “Before the War ended Nate and I made a trip to Alabama. On the journey down there and during our trip back we accumulated a stockpile of weapons – most of which someone tried to use on us. Unsuccessfully, I might add.”
This comment brought a chuckle to the crowd.
“I realize the Yankees and even some of the Rebels have stolen most of your weapons, so today Nate, Sam and I are gonna auction off this pile of rifles, pistols, gun belts, boots, vests, pocket watches, spurs, saddles and what have you. Now I’m not going to lie to you, most of this stuff you see in front of you on this wagon was taken from robbers, thieves, cutthroats, highwaymen and Yankees. And I’ll be the first to admit most of ’em...”
From Nate, is heard a slight clearing of his throat ‘Ahem.’
Luke glanced toward Nate, “Well, what I meant to say all of them got themselves killed, and I’m sorry to say most of ’em was killed by Nate, Sam and myself. I’m not sorry to say though, they had it coming.”
There was another round of applause from the crowd.
 “I told you folks that just in case you feel a little squeamish or hesitant to bid on these items we will understand. You do as your conscience dictates. For those of you that might need a little ‘courage’ you may have noticed this large 35-gallon, oak barrel in the back of our other wagon. Step up and pour yourself a cup of this Tennessee Jack Daniel’s sipping whiskey. In fact, we won’t object if you refill that cup a time or two.” Another round of applause breaks out among the attendees.
“Now at the end of the auction of this outlaw stuff I have a real treat for the coon hunters among you. Looking around that is most of you men – we’re going to auction off two coonhounds.
“These hounds are the likes of which you have never, ever seen. These two are the first of many that my brother-in-law,” turning to Sam, “hold your hand up Sam,” Sam waves, “is going to raise and sell. 
“I know, you’ll be surprised at their looks, but you’ll be more surprised when you go hunting with them. Sam calls them Walker Coon Hounds. You two lucky fellows, who win them, tell your friends they can come by Scarlett and see Sam Babb when they want to own one for themselves. Our compliments to Sam for the barrel of whiskey his Pa brought from Tennessee.” That brought another round of thunderous applause all around again.

*  *  *  *  *

After the conclusion of the auction Luke, Nate and Sam sat around an oil lamp in the Mill with U.S. greenbacks piled high upon the table. “How much is here Luke?” asked Sam.
“I don’t know but it is sure enough to get us back in to the milling business, provide food for Scarlett and enough to get the spring planting going. I believe your Jack Daniels probably helped get the bids up,” Luke said laughing, “but Sam the Walker money is yours, take you’re cut out for your dogs and the whiskey.”
“Nah, Luke what’s mine is yours. Let’s get this Mill opened and Scarlett back on her feet, besides there is more’un half of that whiskey still left.”
Next morning the Mill is a bustle of activity. Jethro is high up on the waterwheel hammering away, and he has another man on the ground cutting lumber and passing it up, both grin as they see the wheel beginning to look usable again.
Dan’l and Rube hitch a couple of mules to the huge grinding stone lying over at the edge of the field and drag it back into the mill.
Sam is up inside the works of the Mill using his hands to apply axle grease to the gears that turn the stone grinding wheels.
Luke stands at the door, arms crossed, a hay straw sticking out the corner of his mouth, smiling as he surveys the activity going on,  ‘Yes sir, it’s all going to work,’ he thinks.
Nate and Uncle Dave are back at Scarlett with two hired hands using large turning plows getting the land ready to start planting. The women folks are busy at the house preparing food for all the workers.
It seems as though the War was a million years in the past.

CHAPTER FIFTY-ONE
The Other President 

May 1865, Luke figures by autumn corn will arrive by the wagonload to be ground in to cornmeal. Farmers all around the area are beginning to plant again, and if all goes well with the weather, there should be a bountiful crop. He is even thinking of building the Mill larger. His mind is on the future, not the past.
“Luke! Luke! I see riders a comin’ from the east!” said Jethro from high on the waterwheel. At this height, he could see for a mile or two down the main road.
“Who are they Jethro?”
“Don’t know Luke, looks like two or three carriages and a number of them horse soldiers. If I didn’t know better, I’d say them fellers on those hosses were Confed’s. They’s all decked out in gray.”
“The War’s over, what would they still be doing in uniform?”
Everyone at the mill stops working and congregates in the courtyard awaiting the arrival of this strange caravan of travelers.
They did not have long to wait. Within minutes, the sound of the hooves of six mounted cavalrymen echoes from the planking of the Mink Creek Bridge to the gathered group. A number of carriages follow the cavalry. Bringing up the rear are more mounted cavalrymen, a train of horses, mules, and wagons.
The convoy of carriages stops, Luke walks to the door of the first conveyance to greet whoever is inside. An officer of the mounted cavalry moves his horse and blocks Luke’s path. The cavalryman is a Confederate colonel. “Sir,” said Luke, “the War is over, move your horse out of my way!” 
“My apologies Sir, I am only doing my duty protecting the President.”
Out of the carriage steps a rather tall gentlemen, dressed in a superbly tailored gray suit. “Forgive Colonel Forley, he is merely following orders – he has followed orders from the beginning. The Colonel, then a Lieutenant, fired the first mortar round at Fort Sumter at 4:30 a.m. on the 12th of April 1861. His shot began our War for Southern Independence. 
“Forgive me, my good man,” the gentleman said sticking out his hand, “I am, well was, President Jefferson Davis.” Turning to his carriage, “May I introduce you to my wife Varina and my children, this is Maggie, Jeff, and Willie. My wife has our young daughter Winnie in her arms.”
Luke is stunned; he can think of nothing to say, ‘Madam’ he finally utters as he bows and touches the brim of his hat and then removes it from his head.
“Sir,” said President Davis, “we stopped perchance we could water and rest our animals? And if not too inconvenient rest a spell with you ourselves.”
“Mister President,” responded Luke pointing toward the watering trough, “the water over there is for your animals. I’m sorry the only place we have, for you to rest, is here at our Mill. The Yankees have destroyed the remainder of the town. I have no refreshments to serve, for that I am truly ashamed.”
“No need, we have an ample supply, would you be so kind as to join us in our respite?”
“Thank you, Sir, it would be an honor.”
“Sir, you have not introduced yourself nor informed us of our current location.”
“Oh, how terribly rude of me Sir, I am Luke Scarburg. You are in the vicinity of Scarlettsville, South Carolina. In particular your party is currently reposing at the Scarburg Mill.”
“This seems a quiet, peaceful area, my, what a wonderful wooden bench under that magnificent old oak. Would you mind if we sat underneath it to partake of our fare? Such a place that is so peaceful and devoid of the ravages of war.”
“It would be an honor President Davis, but Sir this place has not always been so tranquil and peaceful.”
“But Mr. Scarburg, what do you mean?”
“Sir, you are standing in the midst of a long ago battlefield. You see, a pitched battle occurred here and afterward my forefather and two of his sons, were hanged on a limb of this very tree.” 
“I say,” said President Davis looking up at the old oak, “those Yankee rascals hung your relative and his sons during our recent unpleasantries?”
“Oh, no Sir, he was a patriot defending liberty during the Revolutionary War.”
“So,” said Mr. Davis, sitting down on the bench, “I favor then you are agin war?’
“Yes sir, but being against it doesn’t mean you can avoid it.”
“Did you serve, Sir?” President Davis said cutting a big slice from a red apple with his pocketknife, and offering the piece to Luke.
Taking the apple slice, Luke began to talk as he takes a bite, “Yes sir, 48th Alabama Infantry, got captured during Pickett’s Charge at Gettysburg.”
“Oh, I see, that was a bad one and your family?” He said, taking a bite of his apple slice.
“My father Robert Scarburg and my brother Matthew were with me at Gettysburg. Both were wounded, but since then we have not heard a word from them. My mother is still alive and wants to journey to Gettysburg, maybe she thinks it will satisfy her mind just to see the place where they were possibly killed.” 
 “As you probably can guess I do not have much influence left but,” calling Colonel Forley over to the bench, “Colonel write out a safe conduct pass for Mister Luke Scarburg.” Turning back to Luke, “If you take your mother to Pennsylvania, many of our young men do not take our surrender to heart and still wish to continue the fight. If, perchance, you run afoul of them maybe this pass will be of some assistance.”
For another hour or so Luke sits casually talking with the past President of the Confederate States of America. Mr. Davis explained his role in the War and the causes of its beginning and the effects that it has created now. Luke tells him the horrors of the battlefield and what the cruel consequences it had on families. 
“Mr. President! Mr. President! We must go, riders are coming...they are about a mile back,” yells the Colonel.
Within seconds, rifle shots are heard coming from the advancing riders. Luke yells to all his workers, “Into the Mill! Get inside behind the stone foundation, it will be safer.”
Colonel Forley removes his pistol and fires one single shot into the air. “Now Sir, let it be said I fired the first shot, and I fired the last shot of our Great War for Southern Independence.”
The group of Confederate soldiers guarding President Davis offers no further resistance and are quickly surrounded by a detachment of the 4th Michigan Cavalry. Ah, the Iron Brigade, Captain Armstrong, Judson H. Bouchard, Phi Beta Kappa, Luke remembered it as though it were yesterday. 
As he begins to step back in to his carriage President Davis, removes his hat, looks at Luke and remarks, “Son, I thank you and your family for their service, not only to the Confederacy but earlier to their sacrifice to the United States. The Confederate States of America are no more – we are all now just Americans. Good luck to you and your family. May God bless us all.” 

CHAPTER FIFTY-TWO
The Promise 

The mill is back in partial operation. Sam is doing an excellent job managing the Mill. Jethro, Rube and Dan’l have done splendidly refurbishing the machinery. They grind corn into cornmeal from sunup to sundown. Some days they even grind well past dark. The Mill is once again beginning to become a thriving enterprise. 
Back at Scarlett the women folk have been busy too. With most of the men working at the Mill they have in all respects, become the foremen of the workers in the fields.
Since spring, a large garden of vegetables has been planted, the orchard is pruned and fertilized with manure from the stables; fruit is hanging from the fruit trees in abundance.
Bolls of white cotton and leaves of green tobacco are maturing in the hot summer sun. A large field of corn gives every indication it can be harvested any day now. Malinda stands on the porch of the carriage house and surveys all they have accomplished since arriving back to Scarlett. Wiping her brow with her apron, she wonders how much longer it will be before all the fruits of their labor are gathered. She wants, no she needs, to get moving toward that little town in Pennsylvania – Gettysburg. ‘Luke has promised he will take me,’ she muses, ‘and I am going to hold him to it.’
She has been studying the map; the distance to Gettysburg is a tad over five hundred miles, which will take at least a month to get there. She figures once she arrives she will spend a couple of weeks searching on and about the battlefield, and another month to return - the trip will take the better part of three months. She further thinks to avoid getting caught in the snows of winter they should leave Scarlett no later than the first week in September. That will allow them time to be home around the middle of November. This year most of her family is going to be together, and she wants them all to have a real Christmas; although, she knows Robert and Matthew will probably never return. Then her mind returns to Gettysburg, maybe she can find some clue as to their final resting place. Just a small flower or two on their graves would make her feel some closure.
Sary walks out on the porch and takes Malinda’s hand in hers. “What ’ya thinkin’ ‘bout Missy? Yore man Mister Robert and yore boy Matthew?” Malinda nods, tears beginning to form. “That’s what I figured. Listen when you and Luke goes there to that Gettysburg place there ain’t no tellin’ what y’all might find. Now Missy you done keep yer hopes up till you done seed their graves, yer hear?”
Supper is finishing as Luke speaks to Sary, “Would you mind putting Sam and Nate a plate in the oven – they’ll be home soon as they finish up with that last load of corn. It seems everyone in the valley has corn to grind.”
“Are you complaining?” Grins Malinda
“Shucks no! The Mill is doing fine Mother. We couldn’t have hoped for better.”
“Bring your cup of coffee out on the porch, we need to talk.”
Sitting down, Luke inquires, “What’s on your mind Mother?”
“Gettysburg! It’s August already, and the harvest has been slow, but it has already started. I would like you and me to be on the road to Gettysburg no later than sometime next month. Is that possible?”
“Mother, you’re still not thinking about going to Gettysburg, are you? I just believe it will be a long, wasted trip for no reason. Mother we are not going to find out anything about Father or Matthew.”
“You may be right son, but I know I’ll never know sitting here at Scarlett. At least I can see for myself at Gettysburg, and remember you did promise.”
“You’re right Mother. I did promise, and I will never break a promise to you. I’ll begin to get the Mill and farm ready and then you and me, God willing, will start for Gettysburg. I figure I can have everything ready by the middle of September. How’s that?”

CHAPTER FIFTY-THREE 
Swamp Fever 

The remainder of August and the first two weeks of September passes quickly. Walking into the house one afternoon Luke informs his mother, “I’m getting the wagon ready, pack whatever you think we will need, and I believe we can get started early Monday morning. Is that all right with you?”
“No, it is not Luke.”
“What? I thought you were anxious to get started?”
 “I am, but we’re not going in the wagon, it’s too slow and cumbersome, we’ll just take Blaze, your ole Big Red, a pack mule and a couple of extra horses.”
“But Mother, the wagon will be much more comfortable for you.”
“Luke Scarburg I can sit a horse as good as any man, better than most, so we will ride, we’ll make better time. I’ll load up the saddlebags and pack what we need on the mule, and we’re set.” Luke had learned long ago not to argue with his mother. First, she didn’t allow it, and second he would never win.
Early Monday morning the dew was still on the grass, the whip-o-wills were beginning to echo their calls as Luke walks Blaze, Big Red, the mule and two other horses from the barn to the house. Malinda walks out; Luke has to do a double take. Is this his mother? Malinda is dressed for riding; she has a black Stetson tied underneath her chin, a leather vest, and a six-gun strapped to her waist. A full-length skirt reaches all the way to a black pair of high-heel cowboy boots. Her boots are adorned with jangling silver spurs. She carries a riding crop in her hand and with the other hand straightens the bandana around her neck as she approaches Blaze the horse she is to ride.
“Say there hombre, what’d you do with my mother?” Luke said laughing. 
“Oh hush! And mount up on Big Red, we’ve got a long way to go.”
The entire family gathers in the yard wishing them a safe trip as Luke and Malinda ride out of sight down the road and once again away from Scarlett. Catherine was convinced that she would be of more service staying at Scarlett besides she did not believe she could endure a long ride to Gettysburg on horseback.
Riding up next to Luke Malinda asks how many miles could they travel in a day. Luke responds that he and Nate made between ten to fifteen miles, but they had to be careful of enemy soldiers and outlaws. He figures they will not have any trouble doing fifteen. “I think we can go through North Carolina into the western end of Virginia, go up the Shenandoah Valley to Maryland. Then Pennsylvania and Gettysburg will be just a hop-skip-and-jump from there.”
For the first couple of weeks, the days and nights pass uneventful. It is the morning of the 17th day on the road. They have passing Roanoke, Virginia a day or so earlier. All day yesterday and most of the present day Malinda and Luke trudge through low, swampland. The footing is terrible and once or twice their horses stumble and dump them into the slimy, muddy water. To make matters even worse are the bugs and mosquitoes even at this late time of the year. At times, the mosquitoes are so thick they can actually hear them swarming. “Luke, how much farther do you suppose we have to travel in this dismal swamp? And for the life of me I can’t see how leaving the main road and cutting through this swamp was going to save us a few days journey.”
“ I believe in a couple more miles we should be back on dry land, and Mother this will save us at least a week’s travel. ” 
“Luke!” cried Malinda, “Luke!” 
“I’m sorry Mother, but that is about the best I can do.”
“No, Luke! Look ahead, up there on the left. Isn’t that a young girl?”
Luke turns to Malinda and asks her to remain where she is. He will ride ahead and check out the situation saying, “This is a ploy highwaymen sometime use to draw unsuspecting wayfarers into a trap.” Luke rides ahead dismounts and begins to talk to the young woman.
He motions Malinda to join them. The girl is hysterical and makes no sense with her screaming and incoherent talk. Malinda speaks to her softly, “Slow down young lady. We can’t understand what you are saying, slow down now and tell us what is happening.”
 They finally discover the girl is trying to get help for her mother, father, and brother. They are back at her cabin extremely sick. She says she is afraid they are dying. “Take us to your cabin,” says Malinda.
A mile or so back in the woods they find an old cabin. From the looks of the animal skins hanging on some wooden poles outside Luke guesses, the man of the house must be a trapper.
“Let me go in first, we don’t know what’s inside,” Luke says pulling the .44 Colt from its holster. Using its barrel he cautiously pushes open the door and the sunlight illuminates the interior of a small, disheartening room, smelling of dampness, mold, and death. Before the War Luke would have laughed at the thought of death having a smell, but now it is as recognizable to him as is the essence of the pine trees growing outside.
“Hello? Hello, is anyone in here?”
As his eyes become accustomed to the darkness, he can identify more details – he is standing next to a small pot-bellied stove, a little wooden table with three chairs is over in the corner. In the other corner, stands an old iron bedstead. He can make out the outline of three bodies on the bed covered with quilts.
“Mother, you two stay outside. There are three bodies in the bed.”
The young girl begins to whimper and cry.
“Move aside Luke, let me have a look at them.”
Speaking softly so the girl could not hear, “Mother, I believe they are all dead!”
Disregarding Luke Malinda marches in and straight over to the bed. Luke is partially right; there are three people in the bed all right, but two of them are not dead. They are alive, barely. The third, a young boy in his early teens is indeed dead.
“Luke, run out to my horse and look in the saddlebags. Bring me the bottle of quinine pills. These folks have typhoid!”
“Oh, that’s bad, we had plenty of fellers with that ‘swamp fever’ in the Army. Most of ’em didn’t make it though.”
“Well, Luke this girl’s folks are going to live if you and I have anything to say about it. First, we need to get some fresh air in this cabin, and get it cleaned up.” Turning to the girl, “What’s your name Miss?”
“Ma’am I’m Susan, Susan Anthony, but before we start cleaning do you have anything to eat. I haven’t eaten in two days!”
“Land sakes child, where have you been?”
 I have been gone for two weeks visiting my aunt Lucy Stone, we’ve been working on woman’s suffrage at the Women’s Right Convention. When I returned I found them this way, I didn’t know what to do. I thought Mama, Pa and Johnny were all dead! I searched, but there is no food in the cabin.”
“Susan I have some hardtack and bacon in my saddlebag that was leftover from breakfast. Luke go get this girl something to eat.”
Malinda explains to Luke they must first get the mother and father’s body temperature down. They are burning up with fever. They wet the bed sheets with water and open all the windows and the door. She says they must be force-fed water and juices; it is imperative they have liquids to counteract dehydration. However, they must boil the water, and their hands must be washed thoroughly before drinking or eating. Poor hygiene and sorry sanitary practices contribute to the spread of typhoid. 
While Malinda and Susan tend to Susan’s Ma and Pa, Luke prepares a grave outside near the edge of the woods and puts young Johnny in the ground. 
A couple of days pass and the Anthony’s appear to be improving, at least their fevers do not seem as high as before. Malinda and Luke have searched for berries along the swamp, crushed a few apples and pears found in a sparse orchard for the juice. The juices have helped considerably.
A week goes by, and Mrs. Anthony is strong enough to sit up in bed. She cannot stop telling Malinda and Luke had much she appreciates all they have done. She knows she and her husband are alive because of the good heartedness of the Scarburgs. She tells them there is no way she can repay their kindness; although, she is heartsick for the loss of her son Johnny.
Another week passes and Mr. Joseph Anthony is up and sitting on the side of the bed. He is strong enough to drink liquids without being spoon-fed. One afternoon Luke and Joe sit on the porch, and the talk turns to the War, especially Gettysburg. Luke tells about the bayoneting of his father at the Hornet’s Nest, and of his part in Pickett’s Charge on that final day at Gettysburg. He explains the loss of his brother Matthew as they tried to climb the split-rail fence on the Emmitsburg Road. Reminiscing, Luke said it was funny, but he could still see Matthew’s blond hair as he fell to the ground. 
Joseph, a Yankee was also at Gettysburg, he tells Luke after the battle his unit, the 69th Pennsylvania, was detailed to check the dead and tend the wounded on the battlefield. His particular unit C Company drew the assignment in the vicinity of the Emmitsburg Road in particular the area around the rail fence. 
He remembered a young lad with blonde hair with a bullet shattered left leg. At the time, he thought the wounded Rebel was dead, but he noticed a slight movement. A vast number of townspeople from Gettysburg came out on the battlefield and assisted both the Rebs and Union alike. He said they picked up this wounded Confederate and began to place him into a Union ambulance. He resisted, he would not go, and he kept asking for something; finally, they realized he wanted the black feather sticking in his cap. They retrieved his cap from the ground with its black ostrich plume, and he seemed satisfied, they then sped him away.
“Joe! Joe are you sure this boy had blond hair and had a black feather in his hat? Tell me Joe, are you sure?”
“Of course, I remember it distinctly. It seemed strange at the time. Why is he so interesting to you Luke?”
Without answering Luke yells, “Mother! Mother, did you hear that, Joe’s Pennsylvania unit was assigned to administer to the wounded at Gettysburg – he remembers Matthew! Matthew was alive at the time the battle was over.”
For the next couple of weeks, Malinda and Luke live at the cabin with the Anthonys until their health improves and they are out of danger. One morning bright and early Luke says to Joe, “Joe it has been a pleasure meeting you. I truly appreciate your concern for our wounded at Gettysburg, the information on brother Matthew is invaluable, but we must continue on our journey.”
“No sir, I am the one who should be thankful. Just grateful for you and your mother, and the time you spent getting us back on our feet. I especially thank you for seeing to it that my son Johnny had a decent Christian burial. I am sorry we had to be enemies at that terrible place – Gettysburg.”
“The War is over now Joe – we are no longer enemies, but friends.”
Mounting their horses, Luke looks at Susan, “Miss Susan you remind me a lot of my mother. She is a headstrong woman who believes a woman is as good as a man, and in a lot of cases – better. Susan, you both are right. Mother once told me that some day women would get to vote – Miss Susan if anyone can get women that vote I’ll be darned if I don’t think it will be you! I wish you well in that endeavor.”
The so longs and good lucks are passed about as Malinda and Luke head their horses once again for Pennsylvania. Turning in his saddle looking back and waving to Susan as they ride away Luke comments, “Mother, now there’s a young woman that you’ll hear things from one of these days!”

CHAPTER FIFTY-FOUR 
Homecoming

Getting back on the road to Gettysburg Malinda and Luke both know they have to make up some of their lost time. Although it was for a good cause, their rescue of the Anthony family has delayed them for over a month. Malinda is beginning to think they will be fortunate to return to Scarlett before Christmas.
The road up the Shenandoah Valley has been good, and the, families they meet along the way, have been cordial and friendly. There aren’t too many evenings they have to camp out in the open; most families they meet offer them food and shelter for the night. Malinda is grateful for these small amenities, she hates to sleep on the ground; although, she had rather die than admit that fact to Luke.
The length of the days is beginning to shorten, and the leaves in northern Virginia have already turned to brilliant brown, reds and yellows. Malinda is amazed at the panoramic scenes she views lining the sides of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Picturesque? She thought the sight of this fall foliage belonged on a postcard. The days are lazy and serene. It is a perfect fall.
 How sudden this tranquility can change! They travel up the picturesque Shenandoah Valley getting closer and closer to Winchester, Virginia. Rounding a curve in the road just a few miles out of Strasburg they meet a band of armed men emerging from a trail leading into the foothills of the Blue Ridge Mountains. These men block the road.
Slowly riding up to the first man standing in the middle of the road Luke asks, “Sir, what is the meaning of this? Please step aside out of our way!”
“Not before you pay the toll,” answers the demanding highwayman.
Luke pats his .44 with his hand and says again, “Move, or I will pay the toll with this.”
“That Colt of yours only got six shells Mister. I don’t believe you can kill all of us.”
“You’re right there friend, but I can guarantee you Sir, six of you won’t be around to count noses to see who is left!”
Riding up from the rear of the group is a well-dressed outlaw. Well-dressed if compared to the other rabble standing in the road. “Hold on there! We don’t want no trouble, just pay your toll and be on your way. We call it War retribution for the South.
“So, you fellers are Southern men? Whom did you ride with?”
“Sir, we are all loyal Virginians, we fought to the very end with our leader General Robert E. Lee.”
“Bobby Lee huh? I guess you fellers didn’t hear he surrendered at Appomattox? The War’s over.”
“Yeah, it might be over for him, but it ain’t over for us. It will never be over for us - the true Sons of the Confederacy.”
“Well, you boys ever heard of Jefferson Davis?”
“Jefferson Davis? You don’t mean the head of our government President Jefferson Davis? Darn right, if’n he hadn’t of got caught we’d have moved to Mexico and still be fightin’ them Yankees. Now give us your money!”
“Hold on there, let me reach inside my coat pocket, I have something I would like you to see,” Luke said holstering his pistol.
“All right, but you take it slow. You pull out one of them palm pistols, and I’m aimin’ to kill you right here and now.”
Luke reached inside his coat and withdrew the note written by Jefferson Davis granting him safe passage. He handed it to the closest bandit.
The outlaw handed it to the man in charge, “Here Captain you knows I can’t read.”
The Captain unfolds the scrap of paper and reads, “Why, this here is written on official Confederate paper and signed by President Jefferson Davis himself. It says for us to allow free passage to this man Luke Scarburg. Well, I never...”
“You think that’s good enough for you gentlemen, you Sons of the Confederacy?” Luke said mockingly.
“It shore is Mister Scarburg, we’re sorry to have troubled you. You may proceed, and good luck to you both.”
Riding out of sight of the bandits Malinda questions Luke, “Son, where in the world did you get that note from Jefferson Davis?”
“Ah, Mother, that’s a long story.”
From Winchester, Virginia they travel up the road to Charles Town, West Virginia. From Charles Town, it is only a two-day ride to Frederick, Maryland. From Frederick, the journey is less than forty miles to their destination - Gettysburg. As they pass by Frederick Luke says to his mother, “We’ll be in Gettysburg in two or three days.”
“Son, I can hardly wait. Do you believe Mr. Anthony was telling the truth about seeing Matthew at the rail fence?”
“Mother, why would he have a reason to lie to us? Yes, I think he saw Matthew, and Matt was alive at that time. The question is: what happened to him later?”

CHAPTER FIFTY-FIVE 
Gettysburg Revisited 

They approach Gettysburg from the south on the Emmitsburg Road. In the distance, Malinda can see the outline of houses that constitute Gettysburg proper.
Luke rides silently, looking at the landscape. His mind floods with visions of those three horrible days in July 1863. About a mile or two is the town; he knows Devil’s Den is nearby. Off to his right he sees the first small hill – Little Round Top.
Slowing his horse, he says, “Mother, we are approaching Little Round Top.” Pointing with his index finger, “It is that slight hill off to our right. There is a creek, Plum Run, at the foot and slightly towards us is the area with the rocks known as Devil’s Den.”
“Hurry Luke, hurry, I must see those large boulders where your father received his wound.”
Luke led the way through the tall grass where two years earlier the 48th had charged through and emerged upon Devil’s Den. The ground is still littered with the debris of the battle. Luke sees a canteen; his horse steps across a broken Springfield musket, over there is a forage cap almost rotten. Cartridge cases and other gear are lying everywhere. What is that? Oh, a knapsack still attached to a bedroll. He sees a white bone sticking out of the ground, is it human? Most likely, but he isn’t sure. What he does know for sure, he will steer his mother away from seeing it. 
In a few minutes, a grotesque assortment of huge, gray rocks and boulders startles Malinda. She has heard Luke tell about the size of the boulders, but seeing them in person is a shock. They are as large as he had described.
“Luke, show me the rock where you found Robert.”
“Come on Mother, it is just a little farther, here on our left. I believe I see the boulder where Matthew and I propped Father up.”
Moving in closer, Malinda gets off her horse and walks toward the massive stone. Each step, as she draws closer, becomes slower and slower. She feels as though she is approaching a gravesite. The hairs on her neck stand up. A couple of more steps and she faces the cold, gray boulder. 
“Luke,” she says, “what are these marking on this rock? I see where some of the stone has been knocked away, but I do not believe a bullet could make these marks, they appear as letters!”
“Let me get closer Mother. On yes, that chunk out of the rock was the bullet that caused the wound to my head I suppose, and these... these... are blood stains!” Catching himself, “Oh, but those are mine, I was bleeding so.” He did not want his mother to think the blood was from his father. “Mother, I do believe you are correct, the markings are faded, you know it has been over two years since this battle, but I think I can make out what they read. He read aloud the letters:

2K168

 “Luke, did your father write those letters?”
“I do not know Mother, at least he didn’t while I was here. The only thing he said to me was some words I could not understand, and he wanted a Bible.”
“You suppose these letters were what you could not understand? Could he have written them after you left to seek medical help?”
“I suppose that is possible, but Matthew would have seen him write them, but wait, we haven’t spoken to Matthew have we?”
Malinda was down on her hands and knees looking through the grass at the base of the rock. “Mother, what are you searching for?”
“Nothing, anything, everything, I don’t know Luke just something to tell me Robert is alive.”
“Mother, I tried to tell you back at Scarlett that this was a futile endeavor. There is nothing here for us to find, we will never find Father or Matthew.”
“I disagree Luke, take me to the spot where Matthew received his wound.”
Back on the Emmitsburg Road they once again direct their mounts toward Gettysburg. A half-mile later Luke stops. “It is here Mother. Matthew was hit behind that fence on the left that bounds this road.” Pointing to Cemetery Ridge on his right, “That hill Mother with its little copse of trees was our objective. You see that short stonewall on the hill? That is where the Yanks captured me.”
Malinda looks to her right at Cemetery Ridge and back to her left to the woods at Seminary Ridge. “Luke!” she said startled. “Are you telling me you all had to run from those woods to this split-rail fence, out here in in this open field, completely exposed?”
“Yes Mother, we had to charge from those woods to your left all the way to that stonewall up yonder on that hill to the right. To make matters worse, we had to crawl over this rail-fence as the Yankees were laying volley upon volley of musket and cannon fire down on us!”
“My, oh my, how did any of you all survive?”
“Sorry to say Mother, a lot of our boys didn’t, including perhaps Matthew. After I had been captured at that rockwall, I looked back across this field. All I could see were thousands and thousands of our gray-clad Southern boys lying mangled, mutilated and dying as far as the eye could see.”
Malinda walked over to the split-rail fence. She could see bullet holes in the fence and splintered wood scattered all about. Faded bloodstains abound on the wooden railings. She could see in her mind’s eye her beautiful, blond haired boy, scared, possibly crying trying to crawl over this obstacle. Small as the split-rail fence is today, it must have seemed an insurmountable obstruction as the bullets whizzed through the air. If he died was he alone? Was he frightened? Was there anyone to hold his hand? These are the thoughts of a sorrowful mother.
From out of nowhere a shout is heard, “Excuse me!” It is the voice of a young woman walking down the road coming from the direction of Gettysburg. She yells again, “Excuse me! Are you folks looking for someone?” As she draws closer, Malinda can see she is a young girl probably still in her ‘teens. 
“Why yes, we’re looking for traces of my son. We have come from South Carolina hoping we might find his grave or maybe we could find out what happened to him. We never received word whether he lived or died.”
“Yes I know,” said the girl, “I have lived in Gettysburg all my life and was here during those three awful days in July of ’63. Those terrible days are burned in my mind forever. I will never forget. 
“For weeks on end, the people of Gettysburg buried the dead from this place, I still cannot bring myself to say the word battlefield – it was a slaughter, a field of slaughter. At first we just shoveled dirt over the boys where they died, later the government came here, uncovered a lot of them and buried them in the national cemetery; the cemetery that President Lincoln dedicated a few months later.
“Excuse me; I get so emotional remembering those young boys, kids actually, both from the North and the South. Folks as yourselves come here all the time trying to find out about one of their loved ones. Sometimes it is a son looking for a father, another time it is a father seeking his son or they are looking for a husband. Regardless, it is someone they loved who never returned home to them. Who is it you seek? Yank or Reb?”
Tears run down Malinda’s cheek as she listens to the girl speak of the savagery that occurred at this place, “My son was with the South, we have never heard a word from him. I have always hoped he was alive, but after coming to this place and seeing where all the death and carnage took place, I am beginning to lose all hope.”
“I’m sorry, but most of the boys are buried in common graves, they are not identified! It is impossible to tell who are buried in those holes. I tended many wounded boys those terrible days in July, some of them I remember others I have forgotten. What was your son’s name?”
Luke answers, “His name was Matthew.”
“Oh goodness, ‘Matthew,’ I cannot begin to tell you how many boys with the name Matthew I helped. Is there anything else that might help me remember?”
“We met a man as we came up from South Carolina who said his unit was one of the Pennsylvania units that helped with the wounded...”
“Hold on Mister, I remember that outfit, C Company of the 69th Pennsylvania. I remember because we had to write down the names of all the soldiers that were alive and wounded and it was the 69th that assembled all the notes when we were through.”
“Oh, that’s great!” said Malinda, “you mean at one time you had a list of the wounded?”
“Yes ’em we sure did, and the dead ones too if they could be identified, but them Pennsylvania soldier boys took the ledger with them when they left.”
“How close we came, if we only had that list.” Malinda looked at the girl, “I’m sorry Miss, I know it is not your fault. If you could have just seen his golden hair, blue eyes, and that broad smile of his I’m sure you would have remembered him.”
“I almost forgot,” Luke said. “That man from the 69th said he saw a boy picked up near here wearing a cap with a black ostrich plume in it. He thinks he wasn’t dead but only wounded.”
“Wait a minute Mister! You say a black feather? Heck you’re looking for Matthew Scarburg, aren’t you? He has blonde hair and blue eyes! Them Yanks couldn’t get him into one of their wagons without his black feather.”
Malinda almost fainted, “You know him?”
“Know him? Know him, you say? I sure do, he’s married to my sister Kimberly.”
“Married? Married, you say, to your sister? Luke! Luke, find me a place to sit down, I’m going to faint. I don’t believe I can stand any longer.”
The girl begins to explain. She said her name is Kelly Holmes and her sister is Kimberly. A musket ball, almost at the spot where Malinda is now sitting, shattered Matthew’s left leg on the 3rd day of the fight. The litter bearers placed him in a wagon and brought him into town. She explained the Army doctors evacuated with the rest of the Army when it pulled out, and there was only one civilian doctor left in all of Gettysburg. He had so many wounded to care for her and her sister did not think he would ever get around to Matt, so they carried him home to see if they might help him. 
She explained her father Mark Holmes was a clockmaker, but he had worked almost twenty-four hours a day since the two Armies started the fight doctoring the boys the best he could in the amputation tent.
He had been on his feet almost constantly since the first day of the battle on the 1st of July. On the final day, Saturday he staggered into his house exhausted. He fell asleep at the table while they tried to fix him something to eat. She said Matthew was lying in her father’s bed bleeding to death. She hated to, but she awakened her father and told him she and Kim had picked up a wounded Southern boy and tried as best they could to stop the bleeding in his leg wound. Everything, they tried, had failed. She said she told her father if something isn’t done, and soon, the soldier is going to die.
Her father had them bring Matt into the kitchen and put him on the kitchen table. Her father examined the wound and agreed to its severity. He said the bullet shattered the bone and the only hope, and that was slim, was amputation. The main problem, all the Army doctors, had already left when the Army pulled out. Kimberly, her sister, begged her father to save Matt’s life. She further stated her father kept repeating he wasn’t a doctor he was only a clockmaker. Finally, he relented explaining for the past three days he had helped the physicians in the Army tents whack off arms and legs, he guessed he could do as good a job of butchery as they did.
Using one of his crafting saws from his toolbox, he cut Matt’s leg off. He screamed something awful, but he took it like a man. Malinda looked faint. “Shall I go on?” She asks. Continuing she explained how her father did the amputation and how he and her sister sewed the stump of the leg back together. “Father then turns to me and says, ‘Now he’s in God’s hands’.”
“For the first week or so, we didn’t know whether Matt was going to live or die. Well obviously, he didn’t die as we now know.”
“Where is he? I must see him.”
“Of course Mrs. Scarburg, I will take you to him immediately. He is working with my father in the clock shop.” 
Up the road they travel to the town of Gettysburg and down Main Street to Kelly’s house. Malinda opens the door of the ‘Holmes Clock Shop’ and quietly walks in. Matt has his back turned to the door and does not see her enter. He is on a lathe turning metal parts and did not hear the ringing of the tiny bell above the door. 
“Matthew,” Malinda says softly. He does not turn. “Matthew Scarburg,” she says louder.
Startled, Matt turns and drops the piece he is holding, “Mother! Is it really you?”
She rushes across the room and hugs her son, but she notices Matt has walked a couple of steps from the lathe. Astonished, “Matt, you walked! Kelly told us you lost one of your legs in the battle, how are you walking?”
Pulling up his pant leg, Matt shows his mother and Luke his artificial leg. “What!” Says Luke? “What is that?” 
The leg is shiny and made entirely of metal. Luke kneels down to examine it closer, “It’s a metal leg Luke!” 
“Who made this Matt?”
“Mark Holmes, Kimberley’s father, but, I would think you all would be excited to see me not my fancy leg!”
“Brother Matt, I am more than excited I’m ecstatic that you are alive. I thought you bought it at the split-rail fence. I’m real sorry Matthew that I had to leave and couldn’t stay with you. I couldn’t get back to you; they captured me at the rock wall on Cemetery Ridge. Right before Pickett’s Charge you said you last saw Father at the boulder in Devil’s Den, did you ever hear anything more about him?”
“Luke, please do not feel guilty or sorry for leaving me at the fence. Remember, I was there too I know you had orders to leave. As far as checking on Father, a couple of weeks after I had recuperated enough to come to my senses I sent Kelly and Kim down to the Letterman Hospital. A few of the wounded remained here about a month after the battle before moving on. All they found out was Father was probably alive and had been transferred to a prisoner-of-war camp, but they could not find out where. Of course it is highly probably he did not survive to reach the prison camp.”
“Later did you seek more information on your father,” asks Malinda?”
“I did Mother. Since Mark and I have fitted injured soldiers with Mark’s artificial limbs every since the battle, I have made it a point to question every soldier I see if they know anything. After talking to all these amputees, my guess is Father was probably sent to a prisoner-of-war camp somewhere up north, maybe to Chicago or to Maryland. That is, of course, if he is still alive. That’s all I have been able to find out Mother.”
“Matthew explain to me about these...these...” 
“Artificial legs? Mark is a clock-maker and has worked with springs, gears and pulleys all his life. He designed a movable knee joint, and with a series of gears, wires and pulleys build inside, making an amputee able to walk. Its gears also allow the foot to move also. With a little practice, an amputee can practically walk normally.” 
 “That is marvelous, but we came looking for you and Father. Matt, did you ever go down to Devil’s Den where Father was injured?”
“I did Luke, and I know what your question is. You want to know what those letters and numbers mean that Father scratched on the rock, right? I believe they were: 2K168. Luke, do those figures mean anything to you?”
“Nothing Matt, the day of the battle, right before you arrived, Father spoke to me, but with the noise of the fighting, I barely understood what he was saying. He might have said something about the letters, but all I could hear was Father talking about a Bible. I assumed he thought he was dying and wanted one. If you remember, I asked if you had a Bible? You said you didn’t have one and neither did I. 
“I had received a bullet wound to my head and left to find medical help for Father and myself. You were still with Father when I left, did he say anything to you?”
“Not a thing Luke, he was unconscious. I only stayed a couple of minutes, but right after you left an officer ordered us to retreat and I had to abandon Father to the care of a young Yankee hospital worker.”
“Matthew, what about graves? Was it possible Father died and is buried here on the battlefield? Did that Letterman Hospital have its own burial plot?”
“Luke, there were tens of thousands killed those three days in July 1863, you were here you know, but only a few hundred graves have the names of the dead soldiers buried in them. The town folks buried the majority of those killed in common graves, without any names listed whatsoever. I can still remember for weeks after the battle how the stench was so bad we had to wear rags over our noses. I’ve been told that you could smell Gettysburg’s dead bodies and dead horses that lay rotting in the hot July sun for forty miles. There were so many of those horrible, long-necked vultures circling the battlefield, some days they were so thick they reminded me of smoke. There were too many of them for us to chase them off.  It was a miserable time, to say the least.”
“In November President Lincoln came here and dedicated a national cemetery. The terrible smell was still perceivable in the air, but the President made no mention of it. The cemetery has six thousand graves and almost half of them are unidentified. That is only six thousand out of the nearly fifty-one thousand killed from both sides. Most all the ones identified are Yankees. We have checked, Father’s name is not among them,” added Matt. 
“Luke, I said all this to point out the enormity of finding Father’s final resting place – assuming, that is, he died here. Many of the men died days later and were simply buried at the hospital or by the side of the road on the march out of here. If they were buried at all.”
Malinda had been listening carefully to every word spoken by Matthew. “Thank you, son, I forced Luke to bring me here hoping I could find out what happened to you and your father, I feel better, at least I found you.”
“Mother, I must ask, why did you not answer my posts? I wrote you dozens of letters during the past years, but never a response. Kim and I would have left Pennsylvania and journeyed to Alabama, but I figured you all had left, were dead or for some reason my posts were not being delivered. I could not ride with one bad leg all the way to Alabama without the assurance you would be there to greet me.”
“Son, you and Luke had the same postal experience. Luke, also said he had written for years and never received an answer from me. I wonder what had been going on – I guess possibly your father experienced the same?”
Luke and Malinda spent the next couple of days as guests in the Holmes house. The time is entirely consumed by the swapping of stories between Matt and Luke. 
“So,” said Matt, “Mother lost the farm in Alabama? Scarlett is burned to the ground? Uncle Jed and Jefferson are dead? Father never returned? Did you not have any good news to bring?”
“Oh yes, the most important good news I saved for last – I am married too! I met and married a girl by the name of Catherine Babb. We met on her farm in Kentucky while I was escaping the Yankees and trying to get back home. She is living at Scarlett now.”
“Babb, did you say Babb? Humm that is strange, when I left Father there was a Yankee hospital orderly attending his wounds. He stated his name was Babb, I believe he said his name was Charles Babb. If he had not stopped Fathers bleeding, I think he would have bled to death then and there.”
“No, it cannot be true...” Said the flabbergasted Luke, “Catherine’s father Samuel told me his son had volunteered in the Union Army as a hospital orderly and was killed at the Battle of Gettysburg too. If Father is still alive, he owes his life to Catherine’s brother – Charles Babb!”

*  *  *  *  *

The next morning as they all sat around the breakfast table, “Luke,” said Malinda, “I believe we must get started back to South Carolina if we’re going to get there before Christmas. Let’s head back Monday morning – if that’s all right with you? There is nothing more we can find here.”
“Matthew,” said Luke, “why don’t you and Kim come with us and celebrate Christmas with the rest of the family?”
“Luke, there is nothing more I would like, but these artificial legs, Mark and I make for the wounded soldiers, are more important at the moment. Without Mark’s artificial legs, these fellows will be invalids the rest of their lives. Mark can give them at least the resemblance of a normal live. I hope you understand Mother?”
“Oh, Matt, hush son...what you two are doing is of greater importance. There will be more Christmases to come, but the soldiers, to whom you fit legs, are only going to get one chance for you to help them. Christmas is just one day; your artificial legs will help them the rest of their lives.” 
 “I know Mother, but we cannot keep furnishing everyone with fabricated legs, we do not have money enough to buy supplies to make them. If it weren’t for donations, we could not even make the ones we are able to produce. Mark’s family and mine are barely surviving; every penny, we get, goes to the soldiers. Mother, we just need money and a lot of it!”
“I’m sorry son, you know if I had any money I would give it to you gladly, but I just do not have any, I wish I did.”

*  *  *  *  *

Sitting around the campfire a few days south of Gettysburg, Malinda asks, “Luke, I sure wish there was something we could do to help Matthew and the Holmes families. I am so proud of Matthew; the work he and Mark are doing is a gift from God. We must find some way to help them.”
Luke had also been thinking about Matthew’s situation and the good deeds they are doing for the injured soldiers. Thinking of the gold mine, he said to his mother that he had an inkling of a plan to help get Matt and Mark money for their work, but he would let her know more when they returned to South Carolina.

CHAPTER FIFTY-SIX
The Gold Map

The trip from Gettysburg back to Scarlett consumed the better part of two weeks but was accomplished without incident; however, they made one detour to check on the Anthony family. Mister and Mrs. Antony were doing fine, and Susan had returned to work with Lucy Stone on the women’s suffrage initiative. 
After returning home, Malinda and Luke told of finding Matthew, his marriage to Kimberly Holmes and the good work he and his father-in-law Mark were doing making the substitute legs for crippled and disfigured soldiers. She explained that Matthew had lost one of his legs and was using one of their manufactured ones to walk. Malinda said she was overjoyed at finding Matthew, but she reserved another piece of information for Catherine. 
Taking Catherine’s hand in hers, “Matthew told us the day Robert was wounded Robert was bleeding to death. At the last minute, a hospital orderly arrived on the scene, stopped the bleeding and effectively saved Robert’s life. My darling Catherine, that orderly’s name was...was... Charles Babb, your brother Charles.”
“I wish Father had known this, I believe, instead of being ashamed, he would have been very proud of him.” As Catherine wiped the tears from her eyes, she replied, “I know I am.”
Once the crying and hugs subsides, Sary says she has saved a few dollars and if it will help Malinda can send it to Matthew. With tears in her eyes, Malinda thanks her old friend for her generosity, but explains to continue the work Matt is going to need quite a bit of money. More money than all of them have together, and besides they have to begin work on Scarlett.
Luke inquiries about the situation at the Mill? Sam answers by saying at the current time the Mill isn’t making money, but he thinks by summer they will have it running at full capacity then maybe they should begin to make a profit.
“Well,” said Malinda, “At least we got back in time for Christmas. For a while, I thought Luke and I were going to be on the road the day of our Savior’s birth, but we made it. I just wish Matthew and his wife Kim and of course, Robert could be here to celebrate this season with us. I suppose I must accept the facts; the War has been over for seven months now, Robert is not ever coming home!” 
“Don’t despair Mother, you said the same about Matthew, remember?”
 “Malinda,” said Ora Lee trying to change the subject and lighten the mood, “Ever since you and Luke left to go to Gettysburg, Sary has been fattening a big old turkey gobbler. It is just a couple of days until Christmas, and I believe he is about ready for the roasting pan.”
“Hmm, I can almost taste that bird already. It’s been a long time since we’ve had turkey for Christmas. It fact, it’s been a long time since I’ve had anything good to eat at Christmas.”
“Now, you hold on there Luke! You have done forgot ‘bout last Christmas in that cave up in Kentuck, ain’t you? Wouldn’t that a fine Christmas with that mail rider Kay Mann?” Interjects Nate.
Catherine jumps in, “What! Who the blazes is Kay Mann? You all spent Christmas in a cave in Kentucky with a woman, and this within spitting distance of my house? Well, I never Luke Scarburg!”
“Well, if you call fifty miles spitting distance – yeah, but Kay wasn’t a woman, Kay was a man, a mail-rider; however, I must admit Nate, that was some Christmas. Wait Nate, you have just given me an idea. Remember Old Bill?”
“Shore Luke, never would not recomember him. Done got hisself kilt throwing that stick of dynamite on them robber’s fire.”
“Hold on Nate, backup, I believe the whole family needs to hear about this Kay Mann, Old Bill, and the dynamite. We haven’t heard that story. Especially Catherine, I think she is interested in the Kay Mann part,” Malinda said smiling as she looks at Catherine.  
For the next hour or so the family sits around the fireplace and Luke and Nate tell of their exploits in the mountains of the Cumberland. Luke ends up with them on the farm with Catherine’s father, Samuel Babb. He doesn’t go in to all the details about the death of Catherine and Sam’s mother, he skips over that part, but he does tell of the time he and Sam went into the mountains deer hunting. He told about the cabin, the outlaws, and the bear. All of the children, especially Mattie Ann and Lizzie were sitting on the edge of their chairs. Luke described being trapped in the cabin with nothing between the door and safety for him and Sam but this monster of a bear. Of course, he told how brave Sam was, and how Sam looked that beast right in the eye and said, “You’ll never gonna eat us Mr. Bear, and Sam thrust that old musket right in its mouth and blew a hole in the bear’s head killing it stone cold dead at our feet.”  Luke embellished the story a little for effect!
Everyone was laughing and slapping Sam on the back congratulating him for killing the bear when Luke said to Sam, “Sam you remember why you went into the cabin in the first place?”
“Yeah Luke, you know I do – that Bert Black feller was beating that other man to death, you know, old Rufus, the one tied to the chair.”
“Sam, I sure do, but what was the outlaw after? You remember?”
“Sure, the treasure map.”
“Treasure map?” asked Malinda, “no one has said anything about a map. What kind of a treasure map was it Sam?”
“It was a map to a creek filled with gold on our land up in the mountains.”
“Right you are Sam, the ‘Gold Map’...old Bill gave the map to me, and I gave it to you. Here’s my thought, after Christmas lets you, me and Nate head back up to your farm in Kentuck and search for that creek of gold. A few days of digging up those gold nuggets should be enough to come back to begin working on Scarlett, what do you say?”
“Hold on there Luke Scarburg, you’re not going anywhere without me,” said Catherine.
“Oh, all right! You can come, but we must find enough gold and get back to Scarlett to buy seed and planting supplies before spring planting in March or April.”
“Luke,” said Sam. “I’ve studied old Bill’s map and I believe I know exactly where that creek bottom is.” 
“Just a minute,” said Malinda, “how do you know this map is real?”
Sam reaches into his pocket and pulls out the gold nugget and holds it up for all to see. The firelight throws a glint on it giving the piece a dazzling display as though it is on fire. The family cannot believe its enormous size. 
“If that creek has more nuggets this big, and you all can find them, you should be able to pan up a sizeable amount of gold in a few days. Then you can get back home in time to buy everything needed to begin planting. I know you are ready to go right now! The quicker you get that gold the fastest we can start making plans to rebuild Scarlett.” Comments Malinda.
“Hot diggity, I’m ready to go right now just as Mizz Malinda said.”
“Hold your horses Sam, tomorrow is Christmas Eve, Thursday will be Christmas. I don’t see why we couldn’t be on our way by Monday – is that fine with everyone?”

ANOTHER CHRISTMAS TREE

William you know what today is, don’t you?” Asked Malinda to her son, “You remember what you and Thomas Henry did this time last year.”
“Ah, Mother, Christmas Eve, I thought you would have forgotten about us using Blaze to drag in the Christmas tree last year,” William said moaning and shaking his head.
“Well, mothers seldom forget what their errant sons do, young man, but it’s time once again to get the tree; however, this year since you taught Thomas Henry the wrong way to get the tree last year, I thought you and he could take Blaze and go find us another one that we can put up tonight. You think you and Thomas Henry can do that?”
“Oh yes Mother, me and Tom Henry...”
“Thomas Henry and I...” Corrected Malinda.
“Ah Mother, I thought you said me and Tom Henry could go, why do you want to go get the tree now?”
“Son, do you have a rock for a brain, I was merely correcting your grammar. Certainly you and Tom Henry can go. I am not going.”
“Oh, now I see...right, Tom Henry and I have already spied the most wonderful tree. We know exactly where it is, and Tom Henry and I (emphasizing the ‘I’) will have it back here in no time. Come on Tom Henry, I and you need to go get the ax, rope, and Blaze, it’s Christmas Eve and tree cutting time!”
Shaking her head, Malinda said, “I suppose grammar is not going to be one of his better qualities!”

CHRISTMAS EVE 1865

“The tree is beautiful boys, you were correct it is the perfect tree. Now everyone join in and let’s get it decorated.”
Standing back to admire the finished Christmas tree Malinda said, almost as though she were speaking a thought out loud, “I was hoping last Christmas that this year we would all be together as a family once again, but alas, it is not going to happen. At least the War is finally over, and, hopefully, thousands of other families have gotten their loved ones home.” Turning to all those assembled she added, “Children, I am sorry this will be another Christmas without presents. It makes me as sad as I know it does you. You used to look forward to this season with all the gifts.”
Mattie Ann, standing in the back says, “Mother, play the Christmas carols once again – that is present enough for us.”
Malinda began to play on the piano:

‘Hark
the herald angels sing, 
Glory to the newborn King! 
Peace on earth and mercy mild 
God and sinners reconciled. 
Joyful, all ye nations rise 
Join the triumph of the skies 
With the angelic host proclaim: 
Christ is born in Bethlehem. 
Hark! The herald angels sing 
Glory to the newborn King!’

Facing her family, Malinda says, “Children I hope and pray times will get better.”
“Mother,” says Mattie Ann, “We know times are hard and we do not need Christmas presents, but the whole family worked hard to get you a present.” Saying this, she handed the gift to her mother.
“What! You children had no money, what in the world have you all done!” Opening the wrappings she sees a hand embroidered sampler that she reads aloud:

“She is a wise woman who does not grieve for the things, which she has not, but rejoices for those, which she has had:

THE SCARBURG FAMILY

Robert Steven, Little Paul, Cecelia and Lester, Luke and Catherine, Matthew and Kim, Margaret, William, Isaac, Stephen Ingram, Thomas Henry, Mattie Ann, Elizabeth,
Sary, Jed and Jefferson, Nate, Elsa and Nate, Jr., David and Ora Lee

Christmas
In the year of our Lord One Thousand Eighteen Sixty-Five”

The tears were flowing from Malinda’s eyes she did not even attempt to suppress them. These were tears of joy. Joy that she had such a wonderful family. Finally, she says, “ How? How did... you... all do this – it is beautiful.”
“Well,” said Mattie Ann, “me and Lizzie did a lot of the needlework and the boys made the frame. Of course, Ora Lee found the thread and Sary came up with the needles, everyone worked on it when you were not around.”
“I do believe this is the best Christmas present I have ever received.”
“Hey,” said Lizzie, “Look outside, it is beginning to snow!”
The rest of the evening they sang carols, ate popcorn balls made with sorghum syrup, and drank hot, sassafras tea. If only Robert had been there to join in the celebration with them.

THE KNOCK

During the night, the snow continues to fall, by morning the ground is covered with at least ten inches, the wind is howling around the eves of the house. Sary is already up putting the basting on the Christmas turkey before sticking it back into the oven. She peeks out the kitchen window and watches the wind whipping the snow around, piling the cold, white fluff in to huge, deep snowdrifts. ‘My,’ she thinks, ‘glad I’s not out in this here blizzard.’ She can hear the door flapping on the hayloft at the barn. Someone had forgotten to latch it. ‘Got’s to git them boys to go fetch them pups and brang’em up here to this warm fire.’ She has already chunked up the fire in the sitting room, and old Kentucky Lead has found himself a nice, toasty spot lying nearby. 
It is approaching daylight on Christmas day everyone except Sary is still asleep, snuggled up warmly in his or her bed.
Thump! Thump! Thump! Someone is pounding on the front door. Sleep still in his eyes; Sam, who has been sleeping on a pallet by the fire, goes to see who could be making this confounded noise so early in the morning. Standing on the porch is Jethro, the foreman at Scarburg Mill.
“Sorry to wake you so early Mr. Sam, but this here feller comes ridin’ through this morning all white and ghost-like, covered in snow from head to foot. He says to me, sez he, ‘you know any folks hereabouts named Scarburg?’ I sez to him, sez I, ‘I shore do,’ and he gives me this here.” Jethro sticks out his hand, which contains a paper that appears to be a letter. “Then sez he, ‘get this to them right away’; then he rides off, and disappears into the blizzard.” 
Sam takes the letter, invites Jethro in to get warm, but Jethro says he must return home to his family, it is after all Christmas day he says.
Sam shuts the door walks over close to the fireplace throws another log on and looks at the letter. It is addressed to:

The Scarburg Family
Scarlettsville, South Carolina

Running up the stairs, he burst into Malinda’s bedroom, without knocking yelling, “Mizz Malinda! Mizz Malinda! Here’s a letter that has just come for you.”
Still half asleep she answers, “What Sam? A letter you say, well bring it over here and turn up the light in the lamp.”
Malinda tears the seal from the letter and begins to read; she places her hand to her mouth as she continues, “Oh no! This cannot be true, surely it cannot be!”
By now the rest of the household is awake and standing in the bedroom as Malinda reads the letter. William is the first to speak, “What is it Mother, bad news? Who could be writing you a letter? Tell us, please, what does it say?”
 “Listen everyone, this letter is from your father. Well, it is from a gentleman named Dr. William Mayo about your father; Dr. Mayo lives in Rochester, Minnesota. He states in this letter that Robert was alive in March of this year and was in a prisoner of war camp at a place called Point Lookout, Maryland. 
“Mr. Mayo says he was a Captain in the Union army and knew Robert, and they had become friends. The Captain left Point Lookout in late March and believed Robert was going to be exchanged fairly soon thereafter. 
“He goes ahead and says if Robert got released he would have been taken by steamer down Chesapeake Bay then up the Rappahannock River to Port Royal, Virginia. He said Port Royal was a large Union supply depot during the War, and they maintained a big hospital there. The hospital cared for both Union and Confederates. He says Robert was in pretty bad shape in March, and this doctor is just hoping your father would make it to Port Royal’s hospital. He thinks it will take the Union a while to move the supplies from the docks and warehouses at Port Royal, and many of the wounded would not be able to be moved very soon either. 
“If Robert has not returned home, he thinks there is a chance that Robert could still be alive and possibly be in that hospital! He ends with a sad note saying not to get my hopes up too much. It could be in all likelihood that Robert never made it to Port Royal, and if he did they might not have been able to save him. 
“Doctor Mayo said the last time he spoke to Robert before leaving Point Lookout, Robert had asked him to promise that he would write me and tell us where he was. He says he remembered Robert talking of Scarlettsville and the Scarburg Mill and thought maybe some of Robert’s family still lived nearby, so he posted this letter to Scarlettsville in the hope we would receive it. 
“The doctor just wanted me to know he had kept his promise, and he knew we would want to know what had happened to Robert.” 
Turning the letter over to its front Malinda said, “This is splendid information, isn’t it? But there is some bad news -” 
Interrupting, “Bad news! How can there be any bad news? He said Father is alive.”
“Yes, but this letter was posted nearly four months ago!”
For a moment, complete silence envelops the room – it is as if no one dared to breathe. Finally, little Lizzie speaks, “Mama does this mean my Papa is coming home?”
“Baby,” said Malinda, “I don’t know for sure, but we all hope so!”
“Mama, when I say my prayers at night I ask God to let Papa come home. Sary says God answers our prayers if we pray hard enough, and I pray real hard even on my knees and all.”
Malinda looked at her baby girl and thought, ‘the mind of a child is full of bliss, and the reality of this old world is foreign. She will never give up hope, and I can’t bear to tell her the truth that her father is probably never coming home.’ 

CHAPTER FIFTY- SEVEN 
Change of Plans 

Later everyone gathers in the parlor. 
William, Isaac, Stephen and Tom Henry must trudge through the blizzard to the barn for the Walkers. Sary has given them some sage advice as they are putting on their coats, “Now boys y’alls be real careful, this blizzard is a mighty one. Y’all stick close to ones another. Youse can get lost in this here kind of weather.” 
To the boys this isn’t dangerous at all it is a grand adventure. After a round or two of snowball fights and tossing Tom Henry into the biggest snowdrift they could find, they return to the house covered from head to foot in snow. They are not alone, with them are all of Kentucky Lead’s pups.  
Christmas had almost been forgotten; except for the smell of that ole turkey gobbler Sary had roasting in the oven. As Malinda begins to speak, everyone forms a circle around her, “Now the plan of yesterday, as you now know, has been changed. Sam, you and Nate cannot leave Monday to go find the gold in Kentucky. Our first priority must be Robert and Port Royal, Virginia. I believe, in all my heart he is still alive and we must go find him and bring him home.”
“What about Matthew and the soldiers false legs?” asked William. “Shouldn’t we be doing something to try helping them?”
“All in due time William, all in due time, right now I need something too, a husband and a father to all you children. Once we find Robert, the creek of gold will still be there. Our priority should be to journey to Virginia and bring your father home.” 
“Mother, may I have a say?” asked William.
“Of course son, everyone speaks their minds, we are a family and that includes you too Sary.”
“All right, here is my suggestion – let me and Sam return to Kentuck. He knows where the gold creek is located. We will pan a couple of bags of gold and get back home and buy up the spring planting supplies. Luke, you and Nate take the wagon to that hospital in Virginia to find Father. Isaac and Uncle Dave have been helping Sam at the Mill, so he and Stephen can take over there. Mother you Sary, Catherine and Ora Lee stay here and keep the rest of the family safe. We will all be fine. Sam and I know how to use the Colts and Henrys, and we can carry the pass that President Davis gave Luke just in case we happen upon some Rebs that believe the War is still going on.”
“My, William you have grown up so, but no, William you and Sam are too young to be going that far alone. It is not safe.”
“Mother, since this War started there is no one young anymore. Youth disappeared with that first cannon shot at Fort Sumter in April of ’61. This War has made us much older than our years, Sam and I will be fine, I’m telling you.”
Sary speaks up, “I’m agin it! Don’t none of y’all leave this place. Mr. Robert will come home if he is a livein’, if he ain’t then y’all haulin’ yerselves all the way up there will be fer naught. I sez jest let it play out, and we’s will see what happens. We is all safe stayin’ right here.”
“You make the most reasonable sense Sary, but this isn’t the time to be reasonable. On second thought, you’re right William – you and Sam head out just as soon as the snow melts, and Luke you and Nate take the wagon and start to Virginia. One way or the other we must find out about your father.”
“We will Mother, but Nate and I can make considerable more time on horseback than with the wagon. If we find Father and he is unable to ride, I’ll figure something out at that time.” Looking at Sary, “You think your bird might be about ready to eat?”
“Yes sir, Mister Luke I’s shore that old gobbler be ready fer our Christmas dinner.” With a far away look as though she was remembering Christmases of old she adds, “this Christmas of... 1865.”

*  *  *  *  *

It has taken the snow almost a week to melt, but now mounted on their horses in the front yard are William, Sam, and Luke. Nate is riding the old mule ‘Sassy’. William and Sam heading to Kentucky and Luke and Nate bound for northern Virginia.
The family stands on the front porch as Malinda says, “You know I don’t have to say it, but I will – be safe and you all comeback home to us.”
“Goodbye Mother,” said William, “We are taking Kentucky Lead with us, I believe he would like to see his old home once again too.” He and Sam spur their horses and begin their ride back to the Cumberland Mountains of Kentucky.
Reaching down from his horse, Luke holds Catherine’s face in his hands and gives her one last kiss. “You and Mother take care of the family; I will come back! Always remember, I love you.” Riding out of the yard, Nate and Luke turn one last time and wave their hats as they ride out of sight.

*  *  *  *  *

Luke and Nate, about three days riding north, are sitting around a crackling campfire when Luke remarks, “Darn, if it isn’t about as cold as I have seen in quite a spell for this time of year, you doing okay Nate?”
“Nah, I mean yeah, I’s okay Luke, I’s jest been sittin’ here thankin’ ‘bout my place in Carolinny. How fer yer reckon it is once we gets into that state? I don’t rightly know.”
“Well,” answers Luke, “we should be crossing the line into North Carolina sometime tomorrow, your farm is about a two-day ride to the east. Why? You thinking you might want to go see your old place?”
“Yeah, Luke that’s what I been thankin’.”
“I’ll tell you what Nate, that’s about a four or five day detour, two going and two coming back, but I’ll promise you this Nate, whether we find father or not on the way back we’re going to ride over to your place and check it out, what do you think?”
“Thanks, Luke, that makes me feels a tad better. I know there ain’t nothin’ there now, but I’d like to see fer myself. I’d like to see that Elsa and Nate Junior done got them a proper burial place.”
“Not to worry Nate, I totally understand – we’ll find your place on the way back. We will make sure your family has been put away nicely.”
This same evening almost two hundred miles due west William and Sam had made camp for the night on the banks of the Tennessee River. They had left South Carolina, made their way through the Smokey Mountains and were now on the outskirts of Knoxville, Tennessee. In a few more days, they should be in the Cumberland Mountains of Kentucky. So far, the trip had been un-noteworthy, which was most desirable for the two of them.
Four days later William says to Sam, “Sam look yonder, off to the northwest see that, ain’t that blue smoke on the horizon?”
“That ain’t smoke William thems the Cumberlands. We’ll be at the farm tomorrow or no later than the next for sure. I hope the farmhouse is still there.”
Sam was right. Late in the afternoon of the second day they arrive at the gate leading to Sam’s old home place. From the road, they can see the farmhouse is still standing right where they left it. Sam can wait no longer, “Come on William,” he said spurring his horse in to a gallop. William follows close behind. Kentuck isn’t following anyone; he has already slipped under the gate and is running full speed toward his old home.
As they enter the yard, everything seems to be in place, but overgrown with weeds and grass of the past summer and fall. The barn is still there and up on the hillside above the house Sam can still see the two cross markers for his father and mother’s graves.
Once inside, the house appears to be just as it had been left. The furniture covered with a fine silt of dust and a couple of the windowpanes broken, but all in all, it is in pretty good shape. “Let’s get a fire going Sam, I’m freezing. While I start the fire Sam poke something in those broken windows.”
Sam, William, and Kentuck sit warming themselves when William mentions the outlaw’s horses. “Sam, those horses should still be over in the back pasture. I think we need to go round up a couple of those fresh ponies to ride into the mountains and get started in a couple of days. I’ll wager they will be glad to see some human faces.” 
“William it is going to be a while before we will be able to venture into those hills, and we will not be riding horses.”
“What,” exclaimed William? “I thought we would be able to go in a couple of days, and you’re saying with no horses? What am I missing Sam?”
“Snow! You’re missing the snow. These mountains will have at least two to three feet of snow on them for another month or so.”
“Now wait Sam. We don’t have another month or so, we need to be finding that creek now. Times a wasting.”
“William the only way, to get into the mountains this time of the year, is with snowshoes. And yeah, I’ve got some, but traipsing up and down these old mountains on them things will kill a feller.”
“Okay, okay, I understand Sam, but figuring by the map how far do you think it is to that gold filled creek?”
“From here I’m saying about eight or ten miles.”
“Eight or ten miles, why Sam that ain’t nothing.”
“You ever walked in a pair of snowshoes William?”
“No!”
“Then you’re nothing is really going to be something.”
“It can’t be that bad, let’s head out in a couple of days after we’ve rested up some.” 
“William if you think walkin’ ten miles over these mountains in snowshoes isn’t bad, I’m here to tell you – you are in for a rude awakening. You’re really gonna need that rest!”

*  *  *  *  *

Meanwhile, back on the eastern side of the Blue Ridge Mountains Nate is inquiring from Luke, on how much further do they have to go? Luke answers, “Nate we have been in Virginia for the past couple of days, I reckon we should be in Petersburg tomorrow, and Richmond is just a hop-skip-and-jump from there. We should be to Port Royal a few days later, no more than a week I reckon. What’s wrong Nate, you’re rump got saddle sores?”
“Yer darn tooting, my saddles sores done got saddle sores! How ‘bout we set up camp for the night down yonder by that creek?”
After supper Nate walks down to the water to wash their eating utensils. “Luke! Come here, what’s that floating down this here creek? I’s thank you needs to see this!”
As Luke approaches the creek bank, he can see the object in the water that has Nate so upset – it is a dead body. A body dressed in the blue wool of a Yankee, floating face down in the slow moving water. Watching the young soldier float by their attention suddenly turns to another body, then another in the water.
“Must have been some more big battle that took place upstream Nate. Glad we didn’t have to use any of this water for our supper.”

*  *  *  *  *

The following day around mid-morning Nate questions Luke, “Yer smell that?”
“Yeah, that’s a smell we’ve smelled many times before, right Nate?”
“We shore have! Dead folks! And from the strong smell there must be plenty of ‘em.”
Luke and Nate are south of Petersburg, Virginia. Luke is going to skirt around the east side and travel on to Richmond. Neither Luke nor Nate knew General Ulysses S. Grant Union forces had lay siege to General Robert E. Lee’s Army of Northern Virginia for over a year at Petersburg. When the fighting was over more than 11,000 men both Union and Confederates lay dead and dying in the trenches that the Rebels had dug around the entire city. Lee slipped out of the siege and retreated westward toward a small settlement known forever in the pages of history as the meeting place where General Lee surrendered to General Grant – Appomattox Courthouse.
As Luke and Nate slowly walk their horse and mule through the seemingly never ending battlefield of trenches and destroyed equipment both grimace as they approach a skeletal hand sticking out of the dirt, almost as if it is pointing a gnarled finger at them. Here and there lay the busted skulls of the fallen and a little farther on they see whole remains of skeletons that haven’t even been given the decency of simple graves. Their bones picked clean by the vultures and bleached white in the hot sun. The stench is almost unbearable, even to seasoned veterans such as Luke and Nate. Both wrap wet neckerchiefs about their faces in a feeble attempt to better endure the ghastly smell of rotting flesh. 
Nate catches the glint of something lying on the ground. He pulls the reins and stops Sassy, his mule. Stepping from the saddle he walks to the scant remains of a Yankee soldier. He stands for a moment looking down at the bones of this dead young man. He bends down and removes a gold watch from the skeleton’s hand, and snaps open the cover. Silently he reads the inscription written inside. Staring at the watch, he says to Luke still mounted, “Luke whats you thank happens to the dead once theys dead?”
“Nate, I don’t know for sure. They’re just dead I suppose. Mother says the Bible tells us the soul goes to heaven. I guess I’ll have to agree with her.”
“You know what’s I thank Luke, as long as someone ‘members them, the dead they don’t never die.” He reads the inscription aloud, ‘To Thomas Our Beautiful Boy, You Remain in our Heart Always, Love Mother and Father.’ Luke this young feller is still alive in them folk’s heart.” Luke takes a longing look at the boy, replaces the watch in his boney, dead hand and mounts ole Sassy.
Neither speaks the remainder of the day as they make their way around the outside edge of the city of Petersburg. It is almost nightfall when the two riders finally find themselves traveling away from the field of battle. Thankfully, a fresh wind from the north is blowing the stench away from them.
“Nate, pick us a spot, and we’ll make camp for the night.”
“If it’s all right with you Luke, I jest soon we keep on ridin’ fer another few miles or so. I don’t believe I could get much sleep this near that field of death. Lord have mercy, and I knows I can’t eat a bite of supper!”
Luke does not look at Nate as they keep riding, “Amen to that!”
 
GOLD HUNTIN’

“Okay, sleepy head,” Sam says punching William. “Get yer rump outta that bed! Today we’re goin’ gold huntin’. Up and at ’em William.”
Within the hour, the boys begin walking up the mountain into the Cumberlands. Sam knows in a few miles they will reach the snow line and the snowshoes slung over their shoulders will become a necessity.
A few hours later Sam’s prediction comes true. Emerging from a grove of pines they begin to walk in ankle deep snow. An hour later Sam stops, “It’s time William.”
“Time for what Sam?”
“Them thangs hangin’ off your back - time to put’em on.”
Sitting on a fallen tree log Sam quickly laces his snowshoes to his boots, but William, that is another story. He turns them one-way, then another, “Shucks Sam, how does a feller put these galldurn things on?”
Just as Sam had laughed the first time he watched Luke trying to walk in the contraptions tied to his feet, so it is now with William. William would take a step, or rather, attempt to take a step and both his feet would become entangled, and he would fall face down onto the snow.
“No William, I’m telling you walk as tho’ you got a potato stuck up your butt, keep your feet apart. Forget about regular walking, this is a whole new game for you, this is snow walking. Come on try again.”
It took William a while, but he finally gets the hang of the things. In fact, Sam was impressed that he caught on so quickly.
“All right now Sam,” said William proudly marching around and around Sam, “which way to the gold?”
Sam pulls the map from his pocket and carefully studies it again. He explains Old Bill wasn’t much of a mapmaker, but he believes he knows about where the gold creek is located. William stops his walking practice and turns to Sam, “What! You know ‘about’ where the creek is located! ‘About!’ Sam there are hundreds and hundreds of square miles and dozens and dozens of creeks up here, you told me I would only have to walk in these darn thingamajigs for a few miles. Now you saying we might have to hike over these mountains for God only knows how far?”
“Hold on William, it ain’t quite that bad. See here,” Sam said pointing to a place on the map, “this here is what’s called Twin Peaks, I think, and this thing here has got to be Chimney Rock. The creek should be on the other side. William I know exactly where them peaks and that rock are.”
“All right! Let’s get going, I guess you know what you are doin’, at least I hope you do.”
“Right William, but you know I have noticed something strange since we arrived at the snow line.”
This statement catches William’s attention. He wants to know what Sam sees that is so peculiar. Sam reaches down and scoops up a handful of snow and shapes it intoin to a snowball.
“See that,” says Sam?”
“Yeah, a snowball, so?”
Sam explains that too much water squeezed out as he made the snowball. It is too warm for this time of the year. The snow is melting! He said he has even noticed Kentucky Lead’s paws, which usually walk on the frozen top of the snow, are now beginning to sink into the snow as he runs across the snowfields.
“Okay, Sam so the snow is melting. That’s good right?”
“No, the snow pack farther up in the mountains where we are headed may be melting too.”
“You mean, its gonna make walking in these snow things worse?”
“No, but William if the pack is melting early the creeks will be full of running water, maybe even overflowing their banks. I am hoping the ice in the streams will slow the water so we can dig up enough gold for Matthew.”
“Come on then, there ain’t but one way to find out,” William said as he maneuvered his feet one feeble step at a time up the side of the mountain. “Let’s go Sam, we’re burning daylight, and Sam you sure you know where we’re goin’?
“William, I reason the creek on this map of Old Bills is Indian Creek. This creek runs into the Cumberland River. I’ve only been there once with Pa; he used to trap beaver up that way.”
“How far you reckon Sam?”
“Day after tomorrow we should be close, right now it’s getting’ nigh on sundown. William we must find us a place to hole up ‘till mornin’, and I know just the place.”
Two hours later Sam is leading William down a narrow path to a bluff shelter on the side of the mountain. “Them Cherokee has been camping in these rock overhangs for hundreds of years William. Look at the ceiling.”
Looking up at the top of the semi-cave all William can see is blackened rocks that have accumulated soot, as Sam said, over hundreds of years. In a short while, they have a nice warm fire burning and a pot of hot coffee brewing. Leaning back against the back wall William asks, “Sam, what are you gonna do with all the money this gold will bring when we find it?”
Sam sits there for a minute, pondering the question without saying a word; he pitches a small stone or two into the fire and watches the sparks drift toward the ceiling. “You know William, there ain’t nothing I want for myself, but I sure would like to help rebuild Scarlett down in Carolina. And of course, we need to keep Matthew and Mark working on them artificial legs for the soldiers, then...”
“Then? Come on Sam what else?”
“I would like to help folks with my money. I think if this gold strike amounts to anything I want to take a journey to that Dr. Mayo’s home in Minnesota. You know the doctor that helped your Pa in the prisoner camp, and maybe help him start a hospital or perhaps even a clinic up there. In that letter, he sent to your Mama he sounded like a decent feller. For some reason, I just figure he’s gonna do something great with his life, and I’d like to be a part of it.”
“Well said Sam, can I just say here and now, sitting in this hole in the side of the mountain, Sam Barr it is a pleasure to be your friend.”
“Ah, hush up! Let’s get some sleep we have a busy day ahead tomorrow, ‘nite William.”
“Good night Sam.”

*  *  *  *  *
 
THE HOSPITAL

Much farther to the east of the Cumberland Mountains and Kentucky, Luke and Nate walk their mounts down Main Street of Port Royal, Virginia. The day is sunny and cool, not cold for this time of year. 
Luke watches the folks walking the plank sidewalks and had it not been for the blue Yankee uniforms of most of the men he would never have believed this dreadful War has just ended. The ladies stroll with their frilly parasols and large hoop skirts; some holding their dainty lace handkerchiefs to their lips as though stifling a laugh at some humorous remark their escorts must have made. The stores up and down the broad way are open, and customer traffic appears unusually heavy for a weekday morning. It is easy for Luke to see the difference between this northern city just south of Washington, D.C. versus the devastated remains of the city that he and Nate passed a few days earlier – Richmond, Virginia, the capital of the South. Port Royal appears to have been spared the ravages of war. Richmond was just a burned out shell of a town. Most buildings had been burned or destroyed, and debris filled the streets. ‘No sir,’ thought Luke, ‘the War passed this place by.’”
“Sir,” Luke says riding up to the first Union officer he sees walking along the sidewalk, “We seek the hospital. Would it be presumptuous of me to think you might know its location?”
“Why! Why!” The officer says stuttering, “You’re a Johnny Reb! I shan’t provide you with a tittle of information?”
“You are partially correct Captain. I was a member of the 48th Alabama Infantry in the recent unpleasantries between the states, but the reason I am presumptuous I figured being a blue-belly you wasn’t intelligent enough to know where the hospital is located!”
“Why, why,” says the Captain. “Dismount, you...you gray back, and I will give you a thrashing that you will not soon forget.”
Luke can spot a combat veteran a mile away – he says they all have a look – something he calls the thousand-yard stare. Their eyes have a glazed over hollow look. Eyes, which have seen the most horrible, dreadful things a human being could ever have witnessed. This officer did not have the look. 
Glaring at the Captain from atop his horse, “A beating similar to the ones we Johnny Rebs gave you Yanks at the 1st and 2nd Battle of Bull Run, the Battle of Shiloh, the Battle of Chancellorsville, the Battle of Chickamauga, the Battle of Fredericksburg, the Battle of...of...oh that’s enough Captain.” Being facetious, “I suppose you ‘saw the elephant’ in a number of our engagements, huh Captain?”
 Half apologizing for his service, “I wanted to serve in the infantry, but at my enlistment, upon graduation from Dartmouth University, I was assigned to the Commissary Department. You as a foot soldier surely know the importance of supplies. My job was providing those essentials to our Union men. As you well know, the Army is said to travel on its stomach you slave-owning Rebel. I see you still have one of those unfortunate individuals with you.” He said pointing at Nate.
“That may have been true in your Union Army Captain, but if the South had depended on its stomach, the War would not have lasted the first year. We boys of the South traveled and fought simply with courage, bravery, our heart, the man standing next to us, and loyalty to our state. Most of the time our fighting was barefoot and no, not totally for slavery as you Yanks think. 
“Most of us never owned slaves,” looking at Nate, “this man here, that you pointed out, is free and had been free for a long time before Abraham Lincoln issued his proclamation of freedom. He is not my slave, he is my friend.” Reining his horse to turn Luke touched the brim of his hat, “Good day to you Sir.”
“Wait,” said the Captain, “go down two streets and turn right, the hospital is at the end of the road.” Touching the brim of his hat too, he said, “Good day to you also Sir.”
The sign on the corner of Main Street reads ‘Hospital Way’, Luke and Nate turn right and head down the busy street. A few hundred yards ahead is a large, white, three-story building. As they ride closer, they can see the Stars and Stripes of the United States on the right of the door and a large white flag with the word ‘HOSPITAL’ on the left. 
Hitching their mounts Luke walks inside to find a Union Sergeant sitting at a desk in the narrow hallway. Approaching Luke asks, “Sergeant, we have come from South Carolina seeking information on my father. We received word it was possible he was here sometime in the spring of last year, maybe March or April. We are merely trying to find out what happened to him.”
The Sergeant replaces the pen in the inkwell, folds the paper he is working on, opens a drawer and files away the slip of paper. “He a Reb or Union? From your looks and accent, I’d say Reb.”
“Yes Sergeant, he was a Confederate. He had been a prisoner at Point Lookout. We are merely trying to find out what happened to him. Does being a Reb make a difference to you?”
“Nah son, jest makes a difference in which ledger I look in. What was your Pa’s name?”
“Sergeant Robert Steven Scarburg, of the 48th Alabama Infantry.”
“P,’ ‘Q,’ ‘R,’ oh yes, here we are the ‘S’s,” he uses his index finger and goes down the list turning pages as he searches. Luke is beginning to think this trip has all been in vain. He looks at Nate, rolls his eyes as though the Sergeant is not going to find his father’s name. 
“Ah, yeah, here he is: ‘Scarburg, R.S., Sergeant, 48th Alabama. Stayed with us up ‘till the fall or ’65; then he took the Oath of Allegiance to the Union and was released to go home.”
“Does that book say when Sergeant?”
“Sure does; he left here on the 7th day of September. That’s all I got boys.”
“Where did he go Sergeant?”
“Don’t know men, home I suppose, but once their butts pass that door, we ain’t got no more responsibility for ‘em.”
Standing outside next to the hitching rails, “Nate, I noticed a saloon on Main Street before we came down here. How about we go up there and get us something to drink and eat? I think we could use a good hot meal for a change. We might even get a shave, and standing next to you, I think we both could use a bath. Then maybe we can figure out what our next move will be.”

‘REBEL’S ROOST’

Back on Main Street Luke can see he missed a few saloons, in fact, it seems there are as many drinking establishments as there are other stores. Then it hits him Port Royal is a military town. Military towns have soldiers, and soldiers have money, and they like to spend this money on drinking, gambling and wild women, others just waste their money. Most military towns aim to please, and this one is no different. Obviously this street is the place most of this decadence occurs.
Luke notices one saloon with the name ‘Rebel’s Roost.’ “That might be the place for old Confederates to hang out, let’s try it,” Luke says to Nate.
Pushing open the two doors that keep the wind out, Luke and Nate walk through a pair of swinging doors into a large, dimly lit room. The room was dark owing to the paint on the front windows. The one on the left was painted green with the word “Saloon” and the one on the right reads “Free Lunch.” A big, black, pot-bellied stove stands in the far right corner of the room. A chandelier lit by a number of candles, in the shape of a large, wagon wheel, hangs from the center of the ceiling. A handsome, shiny, mahogany bar occupies the back wall. The remainder of the room has a number of green, felt covered, gambling tables scattered about. The air in the room has a stifling aroma of tobacco and cigar smoke, stale beer and a couple of other smells Luke really doesn’t what to find out what they are.
Luke and Nate slowly walk toward the bar. The silver spurs that Luke had taken off the outlaw Bart Black, a long time ago, jingles as he walks. He places his boot on the brass rail running the bars entire length. The spur glistens like a new silver dollar. He reaches for two glasses. The barkeep that had been watching their every move since arriving is wiping down a glass with the end of his apron, an apron that appears to need a good cleaning itself. Holding the shot glass up to the light from the chandelier as tho’ he were inspecting it for its cleanliness asks, “What’ll you have?”
“Well, we’d like you to fill these two glasses with a couple shots of that Red Eye, then some baths, shaves and a couple of thick steaks. Cook ’em just enough that we can’t still hear the bull’s bellow.”
“I can fix you up with all these things Mister, but we ain’t gonna serve the likes of him,” referring to Nate. “We don’t coddle to no darkies in here.”
“What you talking about friend? This man ain’t no darkie he’s an Indian. His name’s Chief Run’em Fast. For sure he’s a dark Indian, I’ll grant you, but an Indian never the less, do you coddle to Indians?”
“Well...well yeah... Indians are okay I reckon... if they can pay, but...”
“No buts about it, get my Indian friend and me those things I asked for,” Luke said pitching a gold piece on the bar. 
The metal clink of the gold coin is still ringing when the barkeep asks, “You been a fighting man Mister?”
“Yeap, sure was.”
“Wuz you Yank or did you fought fer the South?”
“The South, sure enough, fought with General Bobby Lee. Got myself captured during Pickett’s Charge at Gettysburg. Was on the way to the prison at Point Lookout, Maryland, and I escaped. Hooked up with General John Hunt Morgan until his whole outfit was captured, including myself, later I broke out and ran off again, by then the War was about over.”
“Say you wuz at Gettysburg huh? What’s yer name and what wuz your outfit? Can you prove it?”
“Yeah, I was there. My name is Luke Scarburg; I fought with the 48th Alabama Infantry. Nah, I can’t prove it, the only thing, I got, is this scar on my forehead where a Minnie-ball bounced off a rock at the Hornet’s Nest and sliced me up pretty good. The Yanks captured me standing on that rock wall on top of Cemetery Ridge.”
“That ain’t no proof; yer old woman could’uh hit you with a frying pan!”
“Yeah, you’re right barkeep, but I’ve been there, done that. I ‘saw the elephant’ that day, up close and personal. I’ve seen enough men, good men, mangled and dead - don’t have to prove it to you or nobody, understand,” Luke said bumping the shiny, mahogany bar with the barrel of his .44. “Take my word or you can kiss my as....”
“Let ’em be Bull,” a man interrupted who was sitting at one of the tables in a location too dark to see the man’s face. “This here is the one and only Luke Scarburg, and sure enough he was with us at Gettysburg.”
The man doing the talking stands up from the table and begins to walk toward Luke.
“Do I know you Mister? Luke asks. “What’s your name? I can’t see you very well.”
“That’s okay Luke, I know all about you. I served at Gettysburg with your father, Sergeant Robert Scarburg. I hear’d him talk about you and that brother of yours...what’s his name...?”
“Matthew?”
“Yeah, that’s it, Matthew, like I said I’ve hear’d him talk so much about his family I got to thanking I almost knew you myself. Bull get Luke and his...his...Indian friend a couple of glasses and bring a bottle of Red Eye over to my table.” Walking back to his table the stranger sticks out his hand, “I’m P.T. Cox, me, and your father was together at Gettysburg and later at Point Lookout.”
“Nice to meet you. This is my friend...uh...my Indian friend Nate,” Luke said grinning as he shook P.T.’s hand.
Bull the barkeep is leaving the table as Luke nervously asks, “P.T., is there anything you can tell me about my father? He along with my brother Matthew and I all enlisted back in the spring of ’62, but Mother has never received a post from him. Was he injured too badly to write, I was with him at Gettysburg the day he got stabbed by that Yankee bayonet. I wouldn’t have thought that would have bothered his writing arm though.”
Sliding up close to the table P.T. leans over and explains: “Most of the fellers in this saloon are Rebs, but one or two may not be, so with them Yanks winnin’ the War, us Rebs have to be careful what we say. You know the history is always writ in favor of the winnin’ side.”
“Go ahead P.T. tell me what you know.”
Looking around from side to side as though he though someone might be listening P.T. begins, “Point Lookout were a cesspool. The livin’ conditions were terrible, the food, what there were of it, weren’t fit for the hogs. And the Commandant, Adams were his name, were one of the worst. It were as though he had a burr under his saddle. He were sadistic. If it hadn’t been fer his grandpa bein’ a President a while back, he’d have been hung from the nearest oak tree. His second in charge Sergeant Samuel O. Belue were just as bad. We had a name for the Sergeant; we called him, not to his face of course you understand, the S.O.B., ‘cept we used the real words. You see those be Blue’s initials, and about yer Pa postin’ letters, he were sendin’ notes out every week or so. More since he got that job workin’ with Blue in the Commandant’s office – they had paper to write on you know.”
“Very creative with old Belue’s initials, S.O.B., I like that.”
“Not much to do in them prisoner camps Luke we had to get some fun when we could. Now back to Robert – he got picked to work with Blue in the Commandant’s office ‘cause Robert could read and write in a nice hand.
“Well, one day Robert were tellin’ Blue if the burial gang had more food they could work harder. Robert had Blue convinced, but that dastardly Commandant overhear’d them talkin’ and thought Blue and Robert were scheming up something. He hear’d Robert tellin’ Blue they could be court-martialed after the War fer mistreatin’ us prisoners. The Commandant didn’t take too kindly to this talk. Anyhow, Blue were transferred to an infantry outfit and Robert were taken out of the Commandant’s office and put on permanent burial detail.”
“P.T., this is all real interesting, but get to the part about what happened to my father.”
“I am Luke, I am. Well, the food didn’t get any better, in fact, it got worse and poor old Robert’s health kept droppin’ lower and lower. There fer a spell he couldn’t even git outta bed and go to the grub house. Ever now and then I would slip him a morsel or so. He lasted until the spring...”
“Hold on P.T., are you getting ready to tell me Father died!”
“Heck no Luke, just you wait. As I said, spring brought the end of the War. Me and Robert got paroled at the same time. The talk in the prison were once we got discharged a river steamer would take us down river to Norfolk, Virginny, ‘cept when the release day come Robert were so sick they sent him to this here hospital here in Port Royal. I volunteered to go with him ‘cause he couldn’t even walk by hisself.”
“P.T. I’m following you, but Nate and I have just come from the hospital and the Yank Sergeant at the front desk said Father was discharged back in September. What happened to him?”
“Well, you see Luke, Robert were laid up in that hospital fer a pretty long spell. Course I would go check on him from time to time and by-ned I couldn’t hardly believe it – he begin to get better. Finally, one day I visited, and he got up and walked across the room. One of them orderly men told me Robert wuz sufferin’ from malmunition.”
“Malmunition...? Huh? Oh malnutrition? Father was suffering from malnutrition?”
“Yeah! Yeah, that’s what I said. That’s the word ‘malmunition.’ The hospital man said Robert didn’t have enough to eat while he wuz in the ‘pen’. Man, wuz that ever right.”
“Okay, P.T. go on.”
“Well, it comes that final release day. Your father had to take that Yankee Oath of Alliance, or whatever it wuz called, and he walked out of that hospital. In the meantime, I had picked up a small job workin’ in this here ‘Rebels Roost,’ sweepin’ and cleanin’ up and all. Bull, the barkeep, has a small room out back that he lets me stay in. I brought Robert up here and he’s been livin’ with me all these months.”
Jumping up from the table Luke grabs P.T. by the arm, “Take me to him P.T., please I want to see him.”
“Be glad to,” answers P.T., “but he ain’t here!”
“What do you mean P.T.?  Father isn’t here, where is he?”
“Hold yer horses, and I’ll tell you. Robert had picked up a few small jobs around town and saved practically ever penny he made, well he got his self one of them steamer boat tickets and sailed off down the river. He said he never could get back to Alabama walking. He aim was to put in at Norfolk catch another boat down to Charles Town, South Carolinny and try to make his way over to his brother’s place in a town called... Scars...Char...”
“Oh, Charleston and Scarlettsville?”
“Yeah, that’s it. You jest missed him – he’s been gone pert neer a week now. I’m sure goin’ to miss that old coot. Funny thing though...”
“A week? Nate did you hear that – a week! We missed him by just a week!”
“Yeah, sure did Luke, but we’ve done learnt two thangs – Robert is alive and we know wheres he headin’ - he’s goin’ home!”
“Oh, P.T... sorry we got carried away about Father, what was so funny you wanted to talk about?”
P.T. leaned over the table as before, “Did you ever know your father as a deeply religious man Luke?”
“Deeply? No, I would not say Father was a fanatic about such things, but he was a good father, a good husband, and was generous to the poor, and he would help a neighbor when needed. We went to church, but not every time the doors were opened. Why do you ask?” 
“The night before he left we wuz sittin’ out back smokin’ when yer father sez to me, ‘P.T. if I get back home I’m gonna send word to you at yer house in Bull’s Gap.’ You see, that’s where I’m from Bull’s Gap, Tennessee...”
“Okay, P.T. enough of the geography lessons, what was so important about Father and his religion?”
“No Luke, you mistook what I said, it’s not about Robert’s religion it were about his Bible.”
“What Bible?”
“You see, that is the mystery, Robert never had no Bible! But that night afore he left he told me if I didn’t get a letter from him telling me he got home okay, I was to write to Scarlettsville, South Carolinny and tell y’all not to forget his Bible. He said to tell y’all to remember 2K168. Reckon what he wanted y’all to do with them numbers? And yer Bible, was he afeared y’all wuz gonna lose it?”
“P.T. that is peculiar, especially since he was talking to me about a Bible the day he was nearly killed at Gettysburg. At the time, I thought he was asking for a Bible, but he was telling me not to forget about his Bible! And those numbers scratched on the rock where he was wounded at Gettysburg are the same ones he told you about. Reckon what all of this means?”
“I don’t know, but does he own a Bible Luke?”
“Well yeah, at home, we only have one Bible and it’s about a foot thick. Father always said it belonged to Pappy, one of my past grandfathers, but I never saw father reading it. Huh, the Bible, that is curious?”
“What you thank Luke, does we head out fer Norfolk or try to catch’em at Charles Town?” 
“Neither Nate – even if we were able to get to Norfolk or Charleston we still might miss him. Both those places are pretty big, and it would be easy for him to get lost in the crowd. Nah, you and I are goin’ back to South Carolina and hope he finds his way home. Father is a very resourceful, survivable man, he can take care of himself, he is good at that. There just isn’t much more you and I can do anymore. Throw our possibles on our mounts, we might as well head south and go home.”

HUFFING AND PUFFING ACROSS THE MOUNTAIN

“Slow up Sam, I’ve got to rest. You’re going so fast I can’t keep up!”
“I’m sorry William, but I’m anxious, if I’m reading the map right that creek should be over this next ridge. Right over yonder is them Twin Peaks and that’s...,” Sam said pointing, “That’s got to be Chimney Rock.”
“What are you waiting for Sam I’m rested, let’s get going.”
Huffing and puffing William finally reaches the crest of the ridge Sam was talking about, but the forest is too thick to see down in to the canyon on the far side.
“William I remember Luke telling the story of Old Bill’s gold strike. Luke said Old Bill was in the creek when those outlaws rode up. I think if those gents were riding horses there must be a trail down to this gorge. Let’s let Kentuck work along this ridge and see if he might hit on the trail they used. Climbing down from here to the creek is going to take forever, and it is so steep just one slip and we might end up with a broken leg.”
“That’s good thinking Sam, come on let’s get Kentuck at it.”
“Hold on William, hear that? I don’t like that sound.”
“Hear what Sam? All I hear is water rushing down the creek below.”
“Yeah, it’s water all right William, lots of water! It shouldn’t be this loud, and it definitely shouldn’t be rushing! Man, I wish we could see the bottom of the gorge and the creek from here.”
Traveling along the crest of the mountain, Sam and William walk through the woods trying to find another way down to the canyon below. It is tough walking for William; the snow is deep and beginning to get slushy. “William I’m telling you, it’s too warm. We ought to be freezing our butts off up here on top of this mountain this time of the year.” About the same time, old Kentuck begins barking. Sam hollers “Here William, Kentuck is on the trail.”
Kentucky Lead has found the trail leading from the top of the ridge to the creek below. It, like the rock overhang where they had spent the night, was probably a trail that had been used by the Indians for hundreds of years. 
Sam is worried, the closer they get to the creek below the louder the roar of the water increases. About half way down they could finally see the creek far down in the canyon. No, now the word ‘creek’ does not accurately describe what they are seeing. What they see is a river! A wild, raging river being fed by the melting snow pack miles farther up the mountain.
A couple of hours later Sam, William, and Kentuck stand on a rock ledge overlooking the turbulent, ice cold waters of Indian Creek. Best described today as the Indian ‘River’, this was no creek. The water in the creek covered the canyon almost from one side to the other. Not only was seeking gold out of the question, merely getting too close to the raging waters could be perilous to one’s life.
With tears almost flowing Sam speaks, “William! William! What are we to do?”
Sitting down on a fallen log, the two discuss the latest turn of events. Sam is visible upset; William is crestfallen, but sitting on this log isn’t getting them anywhere.
“Okay Sam, you have been trying to warn me for a week about the early snow melt. I just did not realize its implications. When is the usual time the snow should be melting?”
“William, not for another month at best, maybe two. I never dreamed the creek would be in flood stage so early in the season. What do you suggest we do William?”
“Aw Sam, we ain’t got but one thing to do – bad as I hate to say it, go back to the farm and return later in the spring.”
“All right William, but before we go I’m gonna nudge myself close to the waters edge and see if there has been any gold washed up.”
“Sam, I don’t think that is a very good idea. Those rocks are wet and slippery and even if you find a nugget it will just be a stray one that happened to get washed out.”
Disregarding William’s warning Sam begins to inch his way from his place of safety down toward the side of the roaring river. Even Kentuck realizes the danger and begins to bark. Sam examines the dirt at the edge of the water. He cut off a length of mountain cane, which grows abundantly along these mountain creeks, and uses it to poke the small rocks and pebbles.
“Comeback Sam, you’re close enough and haven’t seen anything!” Kentuck is obviously agitated too and runs back and forth along the water’s edge barking his warning.
Sam’s concentration is on the end of his cane, and he does not notice he has ventured out onto a piece of rock that has been undercut by the swift flow of the river. Sam is unaware of the danger. Kentuck’s sixth sense is telling him of the peril and he is barking excessively. 
“Hush up Kentuck! And get back from the water.” Sam sees something shiny and tries to pick it up. He doesn’t get close enough on his first step, but with the second he places most of his weight on the unstable piece of earth. 
It gives way! 
Sam is hurled headfirst into the swirling, frigid waters. “Help! Help, William!’ Sam screams, his voice barely able to be heard above the roar of the water. Kentuck runs along the edge of the raging river barking, as though there was something he could do.
“Grab hold of something Sam, I’m coming,” but by the time William has gotten upon his feet Sam disappeared down the foaming rapids. William began to run downstream yelling as he ran, “Sam! Sam! Hold on, I’m coming.” A few hundred feet downstream the canyon narrows making it impossible for William to pursue Sam any farther. William and Kentuck stand at the edge of the river and stare downstream hoping to get a glimpse of Sam, but to no avail. Soaking wet and bleeding from scratches caused by the saw briers in the canyon William dejected, turns and begins to walk back upstream. Kentuck will only leave the waters edge when forced by William. Tears form at the corner of his eyes as he thinks what he will say to Catherine when he arrives back at Scarlett. He can do nothing but admit it was entirely his fault he should have stopped Sam. He will have to say he knew better, but regardless he allowed Sam to venture too close to the water.  
Squeezing the water from his hat, William sits on a rock and wishes it had been he who had fallen into the icy waters. Telling the family is going to be a fate worse than death. ‘How am I to tell Catherine her brother is dead?’ Kentuck sits facing him whining a mournful whimper. Placing the wet hat back upon his head, he starts back upstream toward the trail. As they begin to mount the trail, Kentuck stops and begins to bark. Above the roar of the water, he hears something. Turning back toward the flood filled creek William faintly hears the cry, “William! William I am here. William!”
‘No, no, it can’t be,’ thinks William, ‘is my mind playing tricks on me?’
“William I’m here! Holding onto this tree branch!”
William searches downriver and sees nothing. He scours the river from bank to bank carefully, ‘There, the tree.’ Sure enough, he has spotted Sam with one arm waving in the air the other hanging onto one slender, tree limb, which protruded out over the frigid water. 
An hour later William, Sam, and Kentuck are sitting in a log lean-to that William quickly threw together. William has a warm fire going, and he and Sam sit buck-naked, except for a couple of blankets, waiting for their wet clothes to dry. Kentuck is asleep close to the heat. “How can I ever thank you William, you saved my life.”
Grinning, William replies, “You know in Indian lore, Sam that means you are responsible for my life from now on!”
“William, I will surely try, but in all seriousness, I want to just say ‘Thanks.”
“If it will get you to hush – you are welcome.”
Sam extends his hand to William. William thinks Sam wants to shake, but Sam has something else in mind. As their hands touch, Sam opens his fist, and a large gold nugget drops into William’s hand. “You’re not telling me you held onto this nugget you found as you were being swept downstream?”
“Sure did, you don’t think I was gonna let something that big get anyway, did you? And William it’s yours now. I’m gonna call it the Good-Luck Nugget. In fact, if I ever get to mine this creek that’s what I’m gonna call her the ‘Good-Luck Gold Mine’. In addition to me, Luke, and Catherine I’m giving you one-fourth of my gold strike too. A fourth for you, a fourth for me and a half for Catherine.”
“Sam me and you don’t know nothing ‘bout running a business, especially a gold mine.” 
“That’s right William. Catherine’s got real book sense we need someone who knows how to run the whole operation. Catherine is the one to do it.”
“Wait a minute Sam, what about Luke?”
“Oh, well you know the whole map thing was given to him by Old Bill. Luke had the map and me and Catherine owned the land, so I’ve always thought Luke and Catherine would someday move back up to our farm, and we would all work the mine together. The half belongs to them both. It seems this is where they belong. Luke can provide the brawn and Catherine can be the brains. Me and you will let them run the whole mine as they see fit. They can take their half of the profits, and we’ll each take our fourth and be livin’ it up in Knoxville. Shucks someday me and you might even go to New York!”

CHAPTER FIFTY-EIGHT 
Brother Charles 

Back at the farm Sam and William sit by the fire; old Kentucky Lead lies warmly at their feet as usual. Sam is the first to speak, “William, I’ve been givin’ it some thought about goin’ back to Caroline.”
“Okay Sam, when are you proposing we set out to go back home?”
“Nah, that ain’t exactly what I’ve been thinking about. What do you say we light out for Pennsylvania, and take your brother Matthew and Mizz Kim’s father some of our gold that we find? It shouldn’t delay us getting back home for more’n a few weeks?”
Sam goes on to explain that Matthew and Mark depend on donations to build the artificial legs. He reminds William the story Luke and Catherine has told about Matt and Mark being out of money, and without money, they have no choice but suspend their construction of the soldier’s artificial legs. Sam says he and William could journey to Gettysburg, first to help Matt and Mark build the legs and second he wants to see the actual battlefield where his brother Charles was killed. He also wanted to visit the spot where Williams’s father was killed.
This was the first time William had heard about Sam’s brother, and it came as a shock. William wondered why Sam or Catherine had not mentioned their brother Charles. When questioned, Sam answers they did not want to bring up the name Gettysburg since it would revive the sad memory of Robert, William’s father. 
Sam indicated his father, being a Quaker, was not too pleased with his son joining the Army, even if to serve as a hospital attendant. Sam said Charles had tried to explain he would be trying to save lives not taking them, and he felt he had to do his part. His father would have nothing to do with him since his indication to join, saying Quakers should abstain from anything to do with War. Charles did not let his father persuade him out of his intentions, and he joined up the first chance he got. 
Sam said his father disowned Charles, as did his church. His father even going so far as to say he now had only one son.  Sam said he walked past his father’s room when news arrived of Charles’ death and saw him sitting with his face buried in his hand sobbing. He could hear his father repeating over and over, “My boy! My boy!”
“Sam I am truly sorry to learn of your brother’s death at Gettysburg. It seems the more I learn about you and your family the closer we become. In some ways, our friendship is more akin to you and I being brothers more than just my sister-in-law’s brother.”
“Yes, William I feel the same.”

POUCHES OF GOLD

Spring came early – the early melting of the snow is no fluke, the weather cleared in late March and by April the sun is beginning to shine brightly each and every day. The creeks up and down the mountains have run full of melted snow for weeks but are now running at average depths and with typical amounts of water flow. It is once again time for Sam and William to venture back into the mountains and return to the gold stream.
The trip this time, thinks William, is pleasant, and, thankfully he is riding his horse. The days are warm, and he does not have to trudge along on those ludicrous and cumbersome snowshoes. Occasionally they would run upon a patch of deep snow, but the sun has already done its handy work, and they easily travel around it.
It wasn’t long until they reach the top of the ridge they had discovered a couple of months earlier; however, this time the trail is easily visible and it isn’t much of a task walking their horses to the creek at the bottom.
The first day they have to search for gold, Sam ventures out into the creek barefoot, and all he does is complain about the cold water. It was freezing cold until he sees a flicker of gold lying on the stream’s bottom. He reaches his hand into the frigid water and finds his first nugget. The coldness of the water is forgotten. “Hey!” He says to William, holding the nugget high into the air for him to see. William doesn’t need much encouragement; he is already shedding his boots and walking into the glacial water. 
“Here’s one!” yells William. It was like picking up pecans from underneath a pecan tree. Nuggets lay everywhere. “Sam, did you ever in you life believe such a place existed?” Sam did not answer he was too busy picking up the shiny golden stones. 
A few days of hard work in the creek yields them two heavy sacks of nuggets. “How much gold you think we have William?”
“I don’t know Sam, but if we pick up anymore we won’t be able to carry it,” he said laughing. “Let’s pack’er up and get out of here. It’s time to travel up to Pennsylvania and get some of this gold to Matthew.”

*  *  *  *  *

Sam, William, and Kentuck have been on the trail to Gettysburg for five days; finishing their supper they sit talking.
“Where do you figure we are William?”
“We’re in the western part of Virginia and I think we are about half way to Gettysburg. We should be there in another four or five days. Why do you ask?”
Sam explained how he had heard the western mountains of Virginia did not side with the South on the slavery issue and had broken away from the state of Virginia and formed an independent state. He said he also heard the majority of inhabitants in this section of the upland country were vehemently anti-South, and hated the plantation owners of tidewater Virginia, who owned slaves. Most of the people in this area are uneducated, living on rocky scraps of land making a living selling moonshine or digging coal from the local coalmines. They never had the need for slaves and reviled those who did. He had even heard of murders that had taken place by the ‘hillbillies’ of, what was now West Virginia. Sam had the fear they were now in this part of the country.
“Don’t give it any mind Sam, you have your old Henry rifle and I have my Colt pistol, we will be okay. Come on let’s get some sleep so we can move out early tomorrow – the faster we get out of West Virginia, the better.” 
Sam and William have a whole string of horses with them. They had gone to the back pasture and rounded up all the outlaw horses that were still on the farm. Originally there had been eight, but Luke, Catherine, and Sam had taken two along with them to Alabama. In addition to their two mounts, Sam and William have the remaining six and a burro with them. Their intention is to trade horses for supplies as they journey toward Gettysburg. They must trade since they have no hard cash except the gold, but they do not want anyone to know they have it.
Both boys throw their saddle blankets down and pitch the saddles on top to use as pillows. Rolling up in their blankets, they settle down to get some sleep.
The fire had dwindled down to an orange glow of hot embers; the hobbled horses graze at the edge of their campground. For a moment, the animals stop eating as their ears stand up. Their keen sense of hearing has picked up an unfamiliar sound.
The string of horses is beginning to get restless. They shuffle around each other, some whinny, others snort they are extremely jittery. The two young travelers lay on their blankets sound asleep. Sleeping on the ground by a campfire for days and days on end causes them to grow insensitive to the nightly noises of the forests and fidgeting of the horses. Kentuck had become used to the restlessness of the horses too and being snug and warm lying beside the fire was fast asleep.
This particular night it would have been especially useful if they had not been such sound sleepers. The noise, the horses have picked up, is men walking their horses through the woods toward Sam and William’s campfire. There are five of them. They are in the midst of the camp before Sam, William or Kentuck realizes it. They all ride western quarter horses with Mexican saddles. They appear mangy and dirty, but the Colt six-shooters strapped to their legs are clean, freshly oiled and recently used. “Hey, you two hombres wake up! Y’all got company!” The leader says stepping from his horse and walking toward the coffee pot sitting next to the campfire. Kentuck is on his feet growling at the newcomers.
William and Sam are now awake. Throwing back their blankets to get to their firearms is a mistake. Sam, sleeping closest to the fire tries to bring his Henry rifle up, but the leader smashes his .44 across Sam’s head knocking him to the ground. “Wait a minute! I know you!” said the gun-wielding intruder.
William helps Sam struggle to his feet; a flood of blood flows from a cut over Sam’s right eye down the side of his cheek and drips on the ground. “What do you want Mister? We’re just traveling through and ain’t bothering nobody.”
“First off this here one,” pointing his pistol at Sam, “I seed him the night Bart Black got kilt. He was with a woman and another man. Seems like I ‘member you alls was headin’ to Alabamm. Both of you git down on yore knees.”
“Nah, you must be wrong Mister, why would we be up here in West Virginia if we was headed to Alabama,” replied William?
“Shut yer mouth! I ain’t talkin’ to you.” Pointing at Sam, “It’s this one that was with them when that hayseed kilt Bart.”
William again answers, “What is it you want Mister? We ain’t got any money, and we don’t know no Bart.”
“No, what y’all is are liars. I see my Pinto pony over there in that string of horses, and y’all tellin’ me you don’t know Bart Black. We all worked for the ‘Double H’ ranch, just out of Amarillo and that Pinto and the rest of that string has the Double H brand on their rumps. I’d know that brand anywhere I’d ever see it, yeah thems Bart Blacks ponies all right. 
“I’m called Crazy Bill, Crazy Bill Johnson and I was Bart’s best friend. Me and my boys is supposed to be on our way back to Texas, but like I said Bart he was my pal and I’m aiming to avenge his death. I promised myself I’d track down ever one of you low-down murderers.”
“Mister Johnson I’m telling you I don’t know nothing about Bart Black nor that feller Charlie’s Pinto. These horses were running free on a deserted farm and pasture. We figured they weren’t no use to whoever’s place it was. We figured the owners must of run off or got themselves killed in the War.”
“As I said, you’re a liar! You asked to know what we wanted, well I’m fixin’ to tell you – first off we’re taking that string of horses and second off we’re gonna shoot you right here and now.” Speaking to one of his men, “Lucky go look through them saddle bags of theirs and see if there is anything else we might need.” While their attention was riveted on Lucky, Sam tosses the gold map into the fire. No one sees him burn the piece of paper that was worth a huge fortune. 
Rumbling through the saddlebags, Lucky finds the two sacks of gold. Holding them up for the others to see, “Looky here Crazy Bill what I done found – these young hayseeds was holding out on us!”
Motioning to Sam and William, “Check these fellers pockets. They might have more on ’em.”
Lucky searches both of the boys and pulls the large gold ‘Good Luck’ nugget from William’s pocket.” Holding it up for Crazy Bill to see, “Looky here Bill, somethin’ else I done found.”
The outlaw leader Crazy Bill puts his six-shooter back into his holster and admires the hunk of metal. “Gold huh? We don’t call him ‘Lucky’ for nothing. Now besides lying, yer thieves too boot! Stole yerselves some gold huh? Yer gittin’ ready to die does either of you have any last words?” 
“I do,” answers Sam. “You’re right Mr. Johnson, I didn’t tell the truth, I was there that night Mr. Black was killed, but it was a fair fight, and he started it. If I’m going to die, I must confess my sins before I go to join my Heavenly Father.”
Looking at William, “You got any thang to say?”
“Nah, I didn’t lie I wasn’t there when your friend was killed, but if he was anything like you, he probably deserved it, and they killed him not a minute too soon.”
“Well, ain’t you two high and mighty, kneeling there on the ground getting’ ready to be kilt.” 
Kentuck was growling and nipping at Johnson’s pant leg. Kicking Kentuck aside he pulled his pistol and shot old Kentucky Lead, a slight yelp and Kentuck was dead.
Sam screamed at Johnson, “You murdering scoundrel. You done killed my dog! I’m goin’ kill you for that, you...you...murderer!”
 “Kill me, huh? It don’t make no matter, ya’lls soon to join him.” Pulling the hammer back again, he fired without aiming. ‘Kaboom,’ ‘Kaboom,’ two more shots from his old Colt .44 was deafening as it resounded through the trees. Blue smoke trailed from the barrel of his gun as he stood there admiring his handy work of shooting William, Sam, and Kentuck. The glow from the fire showed the big toothless grin he had on his face.
The first slug catches William just above the heart; the second bullet punches a forty-four caliber hole right in the center of Sam’s chest. William is spun to his left; he reaches out one last time trying to grasp his friend Sam’s hand, as their hands touch they collapse where they stand. Both, with their warm, life’s blood spewing from their wounds, fall with a resounding thud upon the cold West Virginia ground – their journey is over. The two friends and their faithful ole dog Kentucky Lead, are - dead! 

CHAPTER FIFTY-NINE 
“Nate, is it Really You?”

“Matthew, come sit down and eat your supper.” Matt pulls up a chair across from Mark and picks up a fork. “Matt I have to tell you a couple of things – first about you being a Southern boy, and all; I wasn’t too happy to see you when Kim and Kelley brought you to my home that terrible July day. I barely tolerated her marriage to you, but Son, and I mean that in the most humble way, because I now think of you as a son. I have come to realize you are a fine Christian man, a devoted husband and without your help hundreds of young men would not be able to walk today. You’re coming here was just a Godsend, and I want to take this opportunity to thank you. And I apologize for anything I have said or done earlier that might have besmirched your name. You obviously come from a wonderful, Christian family.”
 “No Sir, it is I who should be thanking you. Without you, Kim, and Kelly I would not be alive today – for you all I am most appreciative.”
“Thank you, Matt, but now to the sad part – our work on the artificial limbs is over. It is finished. The money is exhausted, and I cannot come up with more. I have mortgaged my house and land and have no way to pay back the notes on them. I’m afraid we will be thrown out onto the street when the notes come due. I’ve even gone as far as borrowing money against my work tools.”
“But Mark there are dozens of soldiers still on the waiting list! What are they to do?”
“I know, it saddens me too, but without funds, it is impossible to buy supplies that we need. Even if we could, somehow, come up with some money we need additional workers and there is no money to hire them either. If we had money and more workers we could outfit dozens of soldiers with the means to walk, work and somewhat live a normal life. We will just have to leave it in the hands of God – if it is His will then, He will provide a way.
“With no means to raise money and the mortgage note coming due Matt your mother Malinda has offered us a place to stay if we ever needed one. I believe we need one right now – I have just enough money to get us to South Carolina. Until God decides to provide a way to help us, I suggest we load the wagon and go to Scarlettsville until times get better. I’m seeking your advice Matt?”
“Mark, I knew we are in dire straits with the artificial legs, but I did not realize how much you have invested – your home, your land, and your tools. If we need to go to South Carolina, then by all means I am with you.”
Suddenly there is a pounding on the front door, and they hear a man yelling, “What is he saying?” asked Matt.
Pushing his chair away from the table Mark stands up saying, “Don’t know, but I’m going to find out!”
Opening the door was Laredo, Laredo Lawson. He was the collector for the man who holds Mark’s mortgage. A year earlier, Private Laredo was in the process of being hung for killing his sergeant, but when the hangman sprung the trap, the rope broke. The Court Martial judge seeing this as some kind of sign from God commuted his sentence to life in prison, but Private Laredo Lawson, now known as ‘Lucky’ Laredo escaped and is hiding out in this small out of the way town of Gettysburg.

*  *  *  *  *

Luke and Nate have worked their way back south from Port Royal, Virginia. They had found out from P.T. Cox, who had been in prison with Robert that Robert left Port Royal heading to Norfolk and then to Charleston, South Carolina. Luke had made a decision their best course of action was to head back home, and now they have traveled the length of Virginia and find themselves in the middle of North Carolina.
“How much further Luke do you thank it’ll be afore we gets to my place?”
“Nate, in about ten miles we will come to Raleigh; then we are gonna head southwest to your place, should be there day after tomorrow.”
“Lands sake, you don’t mean it – day after tomorrow?”
Night found them southwest of Raleigh making camp on the Cape Fear River. “In the morning I’ll find us someone that will ferry us across this river Nate. It is too wide for us to try to swim the horses across, besides its just May and that water has got to be pretty cold. If we can get across pretty fast tomorrow, and we push hard all day, we should be pretty close to your farm by dark. It’s between Monroe and Rockingham, right?”
“Shore ‘nuff Luke ‘bout five miles west out of Rockingham. I’s got me a good bottomland farm on the Pee Dee River. So rich youse can poke a stick in the ground, and it’ll grow leaves. Good rich bottomland Luke. Had me a good house, a barn, and a smoke house. After them Yankees done tore it up I don’t know what’s left.”
Luke was pretty accurate in his estimation of how far they could travel. At sundown, the following day, they are on the eastern side of the Pee Dee. Nate’s farm is on the western side. “Luke if’en you was to squint yer eyes and peer purty hard you can almost see my farm from here. It right over th...there...” Nate said pointing.
“What’s wrong Nate? What did you see?”
“Luke, there’s a light a comin’ from my house. They said them Union cannonballs blowed my house away...something jest ain’t right Luke, something ain’t right...”
“Calm down Nate, get hold of yourself, we’ll get this all straighten out tomorrow. You are probably not looking at the right spot – remember it’s been a long time since you have been home.”
The sun was barely up when Luke awoke to a noise. He looks toward the river’s edge, and Nate is urging old Sassy, his mule, into the current. Nate’s intent is to swim the river to his farm – he fears something is wrong, and he is not waiting any longer to find out what it is.
“Hold on Nate, give me a minute to saddle up, I’m coming with you!”
The Pee Dee River is not very wide, and certainly not deep, so swimming the horse and mule across was not difficult at all. Coming up on the western bank Nate dismounts from Sassy and gets the first good look at his homestead. “What? He exclaimed. “This can’t be right!”
From the bushes a gun barrel juts out and a voice demands, “Hold it right there mister or I’m aimin’ to shoot you dead where yer stand.”
Nate thinks he recognizes the voice, but he cannot remember from where. “Be easy with yer trigger finger there friend, we’s not come to do y’alls no harm. Does I know you?”
For a second or two there is almost total silence. The only sound is the water dripping from the wet gear on the mule. “Step forward mister, the suns at yer back and I can’t make out yer face.”
It hits Nate like the specter from the bushes had fired his weapon, it was what Nate would later call a ‘revolution.’ This revelation that had come to Nate, was the voice! He recognized that voice, “Son! Nate Junior, is that you? It’s me Son, yer Pa!”
From the brambles and foliage along the Pee Dee, a youngster cautiously emerges holding a double barrel shotgun. He still has it pointed at Nate as he questions, “Pa? Pa? Is that really you?”
“Yes, boy, it’s me, your Pa – I’s have returned!”
Without waiting, Nate Junior drops the shotgun to the ground and begins to run toward the old, weathered barn about a hundred yards distance. “Ma! Come quick! Ma! Ma! Ma!”
The hayloft door of the barn opens, “Lands sake boy, what’s all that commotion about?”
Nate Junior could not speak; he turns back toward the river and points.
Elsa, Nate’s wife, descends from the hayloft to the hallway of the barn. She could not speak either. She continues to wipe her hands on the white apron she is wearing although her hands had been dried moments earlier. Softly she speaks, almost in a whisper, “Nate? Nate, is...is... it really you?”
She realizes the tall, black fellow standing soaking wet at the edge of her yard is indeed her husband. He is so thin, and his face has the haggard look of war, but she could recognize her man Nate anywhere. She knows it is her Man! 
The loving embraces the three of them enjoy standing there in the yard bring tears to Luke’s eyes. He is watching true happiness, and just to think, he says to himself, ‘and I didn’t want to take this detour to Nate’s farm.’
Nate steps back to admire Elsa, “You is shore a sight for my old tired eyes. I had done hear’d you and Nate Junior had been done kilt by them Yankees.”
Later as the four of them sit eating breakfast Elsa tells of the tremendous battle that took place in her yard. To Nate and Luke her ‘battle’ was just a small skirmish between a foraging party of the Union and a squad of scouts from the Rebs. The Yanks did; however, have a Napoleon cannon with them. They only fired two shots. One hit the small smokehouse, which occupied a spot between the house and the barn and the second demolished the house. She said she and Nate Jr. were out in the field some distance away, and the smokehouse contained a fresh deer that had just been slaughtered. 
She guessed the story of her and Nate Junior’s untimely death must have come from the mess the cannon ball made with the deer meat; however, she could not explain how Luke’s uncle Isaac found out about the ‘battle.’
After all the explanations, they had a big laugh and Luke repeated the axiom, ‘Don’t believe anything you hear and only half of what you see.’ “Amen, to that,” replies Nate. Elsa explains she did not post a letter to Luke since she had no idea where he was, and Nate responds that he did not write because he thought they were both dead.
Elsa explains that the deer had been the last of their food. Since that time, she and Nate Jr. have been barely surviving living in the loft of the barn. Nate hunted rabbits and squirrels until they exhausted all the gunpowder. 
“Boy,” said Nate, “you means to tell me you wuz gonna shoot me out by the river with a empty shotgun?”
“Nah, I no’d I couldn’t shoot you, I wuz jest tryin’ to scare you.”
“Well boy, you did a fine job of that,” Luke said laughing.
Elsa continued with her story. After the shotgun became useless they trapped, and raised a small parcel of corn from the corn kernels that she had picked up from the spot where the Yankees corralled their horses. They still cooked in the house’s fireplace eating mostly fish they caught in the river. She said she and Nate had eaten so much fish she though Nate Junior was sprouting gills. 
“Well, I’ll be, so it was fire from this ole fireplace that I sees from ‘cross the river.”
“Yes Luke don’t know what we’d done our cooking on without it.”
“I’ll tell you what – Luke and me have been all the way up in Virginny looking for Robert, his pa. We got wind of him, but never did find him. We was headin’ back to Scarlettsville since all the family is gathered there. No, not my Pa and brother Jefferson, both of them got kilt down in Alabama, but the rest, including Ma are at Scarlett. I’m thankin’ all of us together will have a better chance there than trying to make a go of it tryin’ to live here. Right now the Carpetbaggers and Scalawags is runnin’ everything. They’ll git this place afore too long.”
“Nate Scarburg, you knows you’s still my man. Where’s you go I go, but Nate, this here War has done been over fer a year, and things is not getting any better, what is we to do?”
“Elsa,” said Luke. “Let’s all go back to Scarlett. The big house she is done burnt up, but the carriage house and the barn they is still there, so is the Mill. We’s have enough men folks to raise food and run the Mill, and if we need to, we’ll built more houses. Whether white or black, we’s all family and together no one can beat us, not even this awful War.”

*  *  *  *  *

The string of horses is beginning to get restless. They shuffle around each other, some whinny, others snort; they are nervous. The two young travelers lay on their blankets sound asleep.
‘Kaboom,’ ‘Kaboom,’ the noise from the lightning was deafening as it reverberated through the trees. The first man leaps from his horse blanket, fumbles to load a shell into his Henry rifle. The night is cool, but sweat is dripping from his face. “What in tarnation,” the second feller says rolling from underneath his poncho. “What is goin’ on?” Their dog is up and barking.
“Don’t know,” says the first, “one of the scariest dreams I have ever experienced.”
“Hold on, and I’ll get us a pot of coffee started before this storm moves in – looks like it might be a little while before it gets to us. Tell me about the nightmare? Scary huh?”

SAM AND WILLIAM – ALIVE!

Sam still visibly shaken sits down next to the fire and tells William his dream about the five bandits coming into their camp accusing them of killin’ Bart Black and stealing his horses. The storm, which only a few minutes earlier appeared to be heading toward them now seems as if it is going south of their location. The string of horses begins to settle down - instinct tells them the storm is missing them. Sam points to the string of horses, “He said that Pinto belonged to one of Bart Black’s boys,” then Sam reaches above his eye feeling for a cut from the blow from the .44 pistol. There is no cut. “I’m telling you William that had to be one more realistic nightmare. It seemed so real, and then this desperado pulls his Colt revolver and shoots you, old Kentuck, and me stone cold dead. I even heard the sound of the .44 as he shot us...!”
Instantly a huge lightening bolt cascaded from one cloud to another during the violent thunderstorm almost overhead, KaBoom! KaBoom! Sounded the thunder, shaking the ground.
“Sound kinda like that? Yeah, I know. Sometimes them dreams can get pretty wild. Here drink some of this hot coffee, it’ll make you fell better,” William said as another peal of thunder – Kaboom - shook the ground. “It was just a dream, with God adding the sound! It’ll be daylight in another hour or so, we might as well pack up and get started.”

*  *  *  *  *

A week or so later Sam and William ride into Gettysburg, leading the string of horses behind. They stop at the livery stable and make arrangements with the liveryman to corral their ponies. While getting their horses attended to, they inquire as to the location of the business establishment of Mark Holmes.
From the livery, they move down the empty street to the building with a sign reading, ‘CLOCK REPAIR, Mark Holmes, Prop’. The hand-lettered sign in the door glass reads ‘OPEN’. “I guess this is it,” said William, “Let’s giver a try.”
A small bell over the door jingled as it announces their entrance. From the back room, a man’s voice answers the bell, “Be with you in a second.” A man with a slight limp enters putting on his jacket. “May I −”
“Matt is that you? Is it really you?” interrupted William.
Looking surprised, Matthew looks at William and then at Sam. “Sir I don’t believe I have had the pleasure −”
Before he has a chance to finish, “It’s me Matt, William, your brother William.”
“William? Brother William? Why boy you wasn’t no taller than this,” he indicated holding his hand about waist high, “when I left home. What...why...?”
“It’s okay Matthew; this is our brother-in-law Sam Babb. His sister Catherine went and married brother Luke. We figured you needed help making them fake legs so Sam and I come up here to help.”
Hollering to the back room, “Mark! Mark! Come up front, I’ve got some people you need to meet.”
A few hours later Matt and Mark have brought Sam and William up to date on the manufacturer of the artificial legs. They have explained they are broke and unable to pay the mortgage and had to suspend all work on the soldier’s artificial limbs.
“Well, not to worry no more brother Matthew. That’s where me and Sam come in. We’ve got the money,” and William told the entire story of the Cumberland Mountain gold strike and the two pouches of gold nuggets he and Sam had brought with him. “Sam hand me your saddle-bags.” William searches through both the left and right side then says to Sam, “They must be in my bags. Check mine?”
Sam thoroughly searches every possible place two bags of gold nuggets could be, “William, they’re just not here!”
“They’ve got to be Sam; we haven’t taken them out since we left. Oh, wait a minute, that last river we crossed was rough, you suppose the gold fell outta our saddlebags. You know being so heavy and all?” Feeling around in his pockets, William laments, “Come to think of it, our ‘Good-Luck’ nugget is missing. It must’of fell out too.”
Sam looks at the leather saddlebags then at William, “What about them outlaws? I told you they took our gold!”
“Sam, be sensible, that was just a nightmare. And nightmares didn’t steal the gold!”
“Well, it ain’t here and I told you that the dream felt awfully real.” Thinking about the dream, he remembered he tossed the gold map into the fire before the outlaws could find it. Sam grabbed his hat and ran his fingers around the inside band – no map. “See William the map is gone, I burned it! It’s gone I tell you! That weren’t no dream.”
“Yeah, you did Sam, and you also said we were killed dead too! If you ain’t a ghost, and I feel reasonably sure I’m not, then we’re alive! And there’s Kentuck over by the door, he seems alive too, and oh, by the way, look in your shirt pocket, that’s where you put that map.”
Feeling his pocket and finding the map, Sam said with a sheepish grin, “You’re right William, I guess the pokes of gold fell out crossing that last river.”
Mark speaks up, “Fellers, Matt and I appreciate your good intentions. We sure could have used that money, but I guess we’re back to square one now, nothing to do, but move out to Alabama.”
“Wait,” said William. “We still got a trick or two up our sleeves, right Sam?”
“You may have one up your sleeve William, but mine’s empty,” said Sam.
“The string of horses! Our horses at the livery stable – them’s just greenbacks walking around on the hoof, we can sell them. I’ll wager we can get maybe ten or twelve dollars a head for them. Mark that money will give you and Matthew enough funds to make your mortgage payment and buy a few supplies for the work on the soldier’s legs. Me and Sam will go back to the Cumberlands and get some more nuggets. We should be back in less than a month or two.”
 Matt asked, “How much you think you can get for the horses Sam?”
“I reckon at least a hundred dollars, maybe a little more. Why, how much do you need?”
They were told the mortgage money was due at the end of the month, and they owed two hundred dollars, Mark’s tools are out on loan, and he owes another fifty dollars on them. Supplies for the artificial legs were going to be another hundred, and all were due way before they had time to travel to the mountains, load up some gold and return.
“What is your idea Matthew? What do we do Mark?”
“For sure,” said Mark, “We can’t meet this month’s mortgage and pawn payments much less order supplies. That old scoundrel, that holds the note on my place, will not give us one extra day. Yeah, he’s one more snake-in-the-grass, that...that...Bill Johnson son of a gun! He’s already sent his yes man Lucky Lawson over to demand the money. No we won’t be able to meet their payments.”
Sam’s ears perked up, “Who did you say Mark? Did I hear you say Bill Johnson and Lucky?”
“Yes, why? Some call him Crazy Bill Johnson, do you know them Sam?”
“You wouldn’t believe it if I told you. But no, I don’t know those dastardly, knaves; however, it does seem as though I’ve heard their names before. I can’t dwell on them too much right now, I have this splitting headache right above my right eye.”
“Your right eye? Can I get you anything, maybe a cold compress to put on your forehead?”
“I’ll explain it to you both some day,” answers Sam. “But right now I believe Mark is right, we need to sell our ponies to the livery and get out of this town and head south to Scarlett as fast as our horses will carry us. I have a strong feeling of impending harm if we stay in this town.

CHAPTER SIXTY
The Special Day 

It was like in the days of Noah; however, Noah was gathering up animals from near and far to populate the ark for the re-birth of the world. The gathering, taking place at Scarlett was not close to the scale of importance as the one in the Biblical story of Noah, not even close, but it was a momentous event to those of the Scarburg family.
From old Kentuck, came the boys Sam and William by way of Pennsylvania; from Gettysburg Matthew, Kim, Mark and Kelly; from Tennessee came Elsa, Nate, Nate Junior and Luke. Greeting this group of returnees was Malinda, Uncle Dave, Ora Lee, Sary, Catherine, Isaac, Stephen, Thomas Henry, Mattie Ann and little Elizabeth.
For the next couple of days, the family listens to the hair-raising tales of all the adventures of the past few months. On Saturday, the 27th of June Malinda announces at breakfast that the 4th will come next Saturday, one week hence. 
She said she knew the country has been heatedly divided over the past four years between those of the North and those of the South. The War is over, life must go on; the Union has been spared the anguish of division, and now they are all once again the United States of America. As citizens, she thinks the family should celebrate the 4th of July. She also notes that it was on the 4th of July in the year 1852 that she and Robert left Scarlett with Alabama as their destination. “Now,” she said. “Thirteen years later we are back where we started, and we are going to have a party. The sad part Robert will not be with us. I have now come to the realization he will never return.”
“Oh, Mizz Malinda,” said Sary, “you no’s we don’t got nothin’ for a party, why, we’s barely got nuff for us to just get by on now!”
“I don’t care,” said Malinda, “we have all scrimped and saved every little morsel of anything worth having for the past four and one-half years. We may starve next week, but on Saturday, we’re going to have us a 4th of July celebration!”
Ora Lee was next to speak, “Malinda, girl you planning a party here for us, just the family?”
“No,” she replied. “Not just for us, we are going to have a community celebration. We are all going to celebrate, of course, the 4th, but more importantly this community is going to celebrate our survival. We have undergone some harrowing times and have come through victorious, maybe we didn’t win the War, but we endured the hardships that it brought. For this, we can be thankful, but we still have to endure the suffering, persecution and oppression of the future, but knowing God is mightier than the sword we will cope with whatever comes our way.”
Malinda explains that she thinks the open area under the big oak at Scarburg Mill would be the perfect place to have this event. She said they should all get ready and go to church tomorrow and make an announcement in front of the whole congregation of the plans for the activities on the Fourth.
Before she finishes, she had another thing to talk about – Scarlett Plantation. She wants to rebuild it. Not only rebuilt in it’s past glorious splendor, but she wishes it to be bigger and better.

*  *  *  *  *

Word spread throughout the valley quickly that a festival is being planned at Scarburg Mill on Saturday the 4th of July. People cannot believe it! It has been years since they have assembled together in a festive atmosphere. They marvel in anticipation of the party as a young child does the night before Christmas. Women folk from all around begin making preparations for the event. It seems in the South every woman has a specialty food. She prepares this special dish for those rare occasions such as dinner on the ground at revival time at church. Or as happened before the War when the circuit-riding preacher came through and it was their turn to feed the Reverend Sunday dinner.
Roberta Hunt kills the last Road Island Red chicken they have and makes a huge pot of her delicious chicken and dumplings, Barbara Almond, somehow or other got the fixings to make her four-layer dessert. Farah Harper makes up the biggest batch of fried apple pies that she has ever made. Diane Brown is famous for her cornbread dressing. Two big pans aren’t enough for this day; she makes three. This type of cooking is happening all across the hills and hollows around Scarburg Mill. The people have been miserable for so long they wanted a day to forget and a chance to remember the good times.
Malinda gets with Jethro, Rube, and Dan’l and arranges for them to spruce up the old Mill and the surrounding grounds. She asks if they would build a few wooden eating tables and benches for serving dinner to the large crowd expected to attend. She also wants three gallows ropes tied and placed over the old wooden bench underneath the oak tree. As the highlight of the day’s activities, she is going to reenact the hanging of Pappy John Scarburg and his two sons during the Revolutionary War. 
The people have not been proud of much during these past few years, but they have always been proud of the John Scarburg family and the Scarburg Mill. They will always remember their heroic actions on that fateful day back on the 15th of April 1781. Malinda even had the local stonecutter who makes tombstones engrave a stone especially for the event. 
The plan is to have a band, albeit a band, which only consists of a fife, bugle and drum play a couple of tunes. She is unsure which ones, since she does not know, exactly, what they can play. Regardless, after the tunes and the reenactment of Pappy John’s hanging, a cloth covering the stone will be removed, and the old cannon, that sits in front of the Masonic Lodge Number One, will be fired. A big pile of cannonballs is stacked in a neat pyramid beside it; however, the plan is to shoot it with only a powder charge and, hopefully, with no cannonball.
Saturday morning the old rooster at the barn announces the arrival of daybreak; however, all the women folk have been up and stirring much earlier. Today is going to be special and they want to get an early start. At this early hour, no one living in the carriage house at Scarlett could realize just what a special day this 4th of July is to become!
“Come on young’uns,” yelled Sary to the household of young folks and old alike for that matter, “Y’all git a move on...we’s burning daylight.” Although none in the house realized it at the time, Sary was as excited as the children. She had never been to a real party in her whole life, especially one like Mizz Malinda has planned. Oh, there had been occasions when she was younger she would carry food to a family when one of their loved ones died, or enjoy dinner on the grounds at the local church from time to time, but never has she gone to an honest to goodness, undeniable, actual party.
The front of the Mill looks festive and pleasant. Jethro, Rube, and Dan’l along with the other Mill workers have tables set up around the Mill grounds. Red, white and blue bunting hangs along the entire front of the building. A large American flag is fluttering from a tall post the men have put up; a thick hemp noose and rope is draping limply over a limb hanging above the bench sitting under the oak. 
As the Scarlett bunch gets to the Mill, Malinda can see the stone marker sitting off to one side beneath the massive oak. It is covered with a white bed sheet. They are the first to arrive, but within minutes, people from the surrounding countryside begin to assembly at the Mill. No one wants to miss a minute of this incredible day. Within a couple of hours, the area around the Mill is filled with people. Up and down the road and on the sides of the Mill are wagons, buggies and horses left by their owners hurrying to the festivities in the courtyard of Scarburg Mill.
A wagon is positioned in front of the Mill, and the mayor of Scarlettsville steps up in to the bed and begins to speak. “Folks,” he said holding his hand in the air. “Folks, my good friends and neighbors of Scarlettsville. May I take this opportunity to welcome you to the first celebration of our Founding Father’s Day and the Fourth of July Celebration...” 
On and on his oration continues for a least an hour; Malinda makes a mental note to remember next year to politely explain to the Mayor to limit his speech to the day’s activities only. 
‘Oh well,’ she thought, ‘what did she expect getting a politician to speak!’ Finally, he is getting to the end of his politicking, “Now friends after the Reverend Plunkett says grace we will partake of this wonderful meal, ummm, I can taste Sister Roberta’s dumplings already,” he said licking his lips. “After we eat we will listen to the band play a couple of rollicking tunes and as the grand finality these fine folks will reenact the events that took place here in 1781 including the dedication of a memorable stone.” 
Ending his speech, he steps down from the wagon with a thunderous roar of applause. Thinking it is for his excellent deliverance he removes his hat and bows graciously; however, they are clapping because he finally finished talking.
Mark is to play the part of Pappy John Scarburg; Stephen and Thomas Henry are to be the sons William and Isaac. All three dress in the style of the revolutionary day - breeches, white shirts, waistcoats, and stockings. Cravats tied around their necks, and three-cornered hats complete thetheir outfits. The breeches closely fit and end at the knee. White stockings extend from the knees to the highly shined shoes with large buckles.
Malinda did not want anyone left out, so she assigns Nate Junior the part of the British Colonel Sir David Wilcox. They have no real British uniforms, so Sary fashions him one complete with a red jacket and white breeches. She pins three sides of a wide brimmed hat in to a tricorne and applies balls of cotton to resemble a white wig. At his side, he carries a borrowed, long cavalry saber, which drags the ground, but no one notices, or so he thinks. 
Malinda has enlisted a number of townspeople to portray the British attacking the Mill and others play the part of the Patriots defending. All fire blank charges from their muskets. The spectators stand afar and have a marvelous time witnessing the fighting; clapping and yelling as each of the British actors are ‘killed’. After the ‘battle’ it is time for the hanging. All the participants take time to reassemble on the grounds in front of the Mill, the ‘band’ plays a tune or two then the fife and bugle cease playing. The drummer begins his ‘Rat-a-tat-tat, rat-a-tat-tat’... somber beat.
From the door of the Mill, three ‘prisoners’ are slowly being ushered across the open courtyard to the bench and the awaiting gallows. Mark playing the part of Pappy John already has a black hood covering his head; the other two wear three-cornered hats. Their hands are not tied. They walk solemnly and slowly across to the oak tree. ‘John’ is guided up on the bench; sons ‘William’ and ‘Isaac’ are positioned next to him. ‘Colonel Wilcox’ strolls across the yard, dragging the end of his sword on the ground as the spectators try to muffle their laughter. Up to the bench he saunters and in as loud a voice as he can muster says, “Dost thou request a last word?”
He walks up close to John Scarburg, and they talk quietly, the ‘Colonel’ turns to the crowd, “Master Scarburg requests a word with his youngest daughter Elizabeth.” 
Luke standing closest to Malinda, “Mother, this is not the way we rehearsed – Pappy is supposed to ask to speak to grandfather Thomas, what is happening?”
Malinda looks at Isaac, who was to play the part of John’s youngest son Thomas and shrugs her shoulders and shakes her head as tho’ bewildered too. Stephen and Thomas Henry, playing the parts of William and Isaac stand on the bench next to the hooded Mark with looks of amazement. “Okay, Lizzie,” Said Malinda, “I don’t know what Mark is up to, but walk over there to the bench. We will just have to see what is going on.”
Lizzie is hesitant to go, but with prodding, she leaves the crowd and walks across the yard to the bench. She nervously glances from side to side. She is very apprehensive because she was not told she had a part in today’s spectacle. She is worried since she has no lines to speak and does not know what to do. Arriving at the bench, she knew from yesterday’s practice Isaac, playing the part of little Thomas, steps up on the bench and he and his father whisper to each other. She supposes she should follow his example and do the same.
 She climbs up on the bench and moves closer to Mark. Close enough to clutch his pant leg. When she grasps his leg, he reaches down and swoops her up in to his arms while removing the black hood covering his face.
At first Lizzie cannot believe what she sees – it is not Mark Holmes at all – it is her...her... father...Robert! She is speechless, and scared, she can barely remember what her father looked like before leaving for the War. This man resembles him, but she isn’t quite sure.
At first a murmur spreads through the crowd, now there is complete silence. Malinda sees Robert, but she like Lizzie is not quite sure who this man is, for certain it is not Mark Holmes. She takes a step or two toward the bench as Robert and Lizzie get down. The whole place is stunned – is this Robert Scarburg? 
It was! 
Everyone finally realized who is standing in their midst – the father of all these children, Malinda’s husband and their long thought dead neighbor. For minutes, they all can do nothing but hug and kiss. Neighbors come by slapping him on his back and wishing him well, others tell him how glad they are to see him back from the War.
Finally, the excitement subsides somewhat, and they all learn that Robert arrived early this morning and by chance, he met Mark at the Mill. Mark explained the day’s events when Robert got the idea to surprise them with his appearance during the reenactment of Pappy John’s ‘hanging’ on this special day.
Everyone mills about. No one is quite sure what is to happen next. Malinda sensing the anxiety in the crowd climbs up on the mayor’s wagon. “Good friends and neighbors, obviously things did not go as planned,” she said looking at Robert and smiling, “the return of my husband Robert is wonderful,” there is a roar of applause, “but the day’s activities are not over yet. Everyone get some more drink and refreshment and permit me to have a moment with my husband.”
From someone in the crowd, “Now let’s not be sneaking off into the woods!” He said, followed by laughter from the others.
 “Ah, go on,” Malinda said smiling, “we’ll be right here and in a few minutes we will dedicate the monument under the oak tree.” 
“Robert,” Malinda asks as they sit at one of the tables about the Mill’s grounds. “Why did you never post me a letter during all the time you were gone?”
Robert was aghast. He could not believe what his wife is saying; she had never received any of his letters? Surely something had to be wrong, “Malinda, I posted you a letter every chance I had. Sometimes I could not due to the lack of writing material, but I must have sent you at least one letter a month; you should have received dozens and dozens of letters. You know that is strange too. I never received any posts from you either; however, I always believed you had no way of knowing where I was. And those last couple of years I knew you did not know I was in a prisoner of war camp at Point Lookout.”
He went on to tell how disheartening it was to see other prisoner’s receiving mail from their loved ones. He said he would stand eagerly by the man distributing the mail just waiting for his name to be called. The mail clerk would call out a man’s name and he would hear a return of ‘Yo’, he would then toss the letter to that person. Month after month he followed the same routine, but he never heard his name called. He said he hoped and prayed for some word from his family. He wondered if they were still in Alabama, had something happened to them, were they alive? These questions gnawed at him continually. The uncertainty of it all weighed heavier on him more than the misery he suffered in the prison.
Malinda sat, just listening to the heart-wrenching words Robert spoke. She said she had much to tell him, but the folks gathered for the celebration wanted to complete the day with the unveiling of the monument to Robert’s great-great-great-grandfather and his uncles. She thought since Robert was home;, it should be his honor to unveil the memorial.
“Attention! Attention everyone, let us all gather at the old oak, and we will conclude the festivities for the day.”
Malinda and Robert stand in the midst of the crowd next to the sheet-covered monument. Robert steps forward; this once six-foot, one hundred eighty-five pound, black haired man was almost unrecognizable. He barely weighed more than one hundred twenty; his beard and hair were almost white, he struggled with his speech. All standing around can see the results of the past few years of War on his body. 
He grasps the corner of the white coverlet and looks at the crowd. “Folks,” he says, trying to recognize those gathered around him. “Hello, there Hack, good to see you, oh, how do you do Mizz Roberta. I’ll wager those chicken dumplings of yours are still as good as I remember,” tipping the brim of his hat. “Howdy Luther, good to see you too. I’d heard you took a minie-ball at Shiloh, you doing tolerable now?” 
From within the crowd, “Doin’ good Robert, good to see you.” 
“I’m just glad to be home, and I’ll get around to seeing each and every one of you as soon as I can, but right now Malinda has something planned that I’m not quite sure what it is. She told me to pull this sheet off this rock and then say a few words. Well, here goes...”
Once the covering is removed everyone squeezes in close trying to see what is chiseled on its face. Robert steps up and holds his hands into the air, “Friends, I know everyone cannot get up front to read these words so I will read what is written for you.” He then in a loud voice reads the words:

 
IN HONOUR AND RECOGNITION OF
JOHN SCARBURG
WILLIAM SCARBURG
ISAAC SCARBURG
FOR HUMANE AND LIFE SAVING CARE
RENDERED TO FRIEND AND FOE ALIKE
ON THIS PLACE
IN APRIL 1781

The crowd was silent...suddenly the fife, drum and bugle begin to play a rousing rendition of “Dixie”, one of the few tunes they knew fairly well. The quite gathering of people immediately broke in to song and began singing, each singing at the top of their voice trying to out sing the ones standing next to them. The ending of the ditty was the signal to fire off the cannon in front of Masonic Hall Number One. Right on cue a match was put to the cannon’s fuse, and its thunderous blast echos through the trees. 
Everyone cheers and the men throw their hats in to the air, Robert raises his hands again, “Folks, as most of you know this stone is for my great-great-great-grandfather and his two sons. As I lay thinking I was dying on the field of battle at Gettysburg, the events of that long ago day during the Revolutionary War in April 1781 flashed before my eyes. 
“Some have said right before you die your life will flash before your eyes, well I can’t rightly mean I saw my whole life, from beginning to that very moment, but I did see Pappy, my forefather. Along with Pappy I saw my great uncles William and Isaac standing on this very bench underneath this same beautiful old oak. I tell you it was as plain as I see you now. I saw my father Thomas, just a small lad, run to his grandfather, climb up on this bench and they whispered to each other. I believe I heard what they said, but I cannot remember the words just now.
“The reason, I believe I saw that vision was at that time we as Americans were fighting the British to become a free and independent nation. Eventually, although Pappy John Scarburg and my two great uncles would never see it, the budding thirteen colonies would blossom intoin to what would become the United States of America.
“I left home over three years ago to fight against that very flag that mine and your relatives fought and died to defend a long time ago. At the time I enlisted, we had reason to be displeased with those that ran the Government of these United States; and we decided to fight for what we believed was right, just like our Patriots of old did, they were successful, but we did not win our struggle. We had the guts and gumption, but not the manpower nor sufficient war material. 
“Now the fight is over, my body and the scars on many of the bodies standing here today will attest to that fact, and we are once again the United States of America. 
“We had our say, spilled our blood and left our dead on countless battlefields, now I stand before this monument which commemorates those earlier sacrifices and say to you, our War for Southern Independence is over. It will take time before it is over in our hearts and minds, but we must now work together to heal not only the South, but also the country as a whole. The United States of America is our country now, both North and South must work as one. 
“If anyone could hate, it would be me. Nearly two years in a Yankee prisoner of war camp can make a man hate, but hate eats at your soul and destroys the spirit from within. The days ahead are going to be hard, for to the victor goes the spoils. Just remember we have seen bitter, almost unbearable times. The future ahead will be just as tough if not tougher, but everyone standing here today just remind yourselves of one thing – we are a tenacious lot, and we can survive what is to come. With hard work and determination, the future can be made better than the past four years. I thank you all for coming today – may God bless you one and all.”

THE BLACK FEATHER

Later that evening the whole family gathers together on the front porch of the carriage house. They are eager to hear of Robert’s experience in the War; however, before he will talk he is still troubled by the mail or absence thereof. Why he asks did their letters not get to him and moreover why did his not reach them? He reasons their letters might have gotten lost, delivered to the wrong place or simply just thrown away by some low-down, lazy mail clerk in the Army. But he emphasized that it seemed in three years he should have had at least one low-down, lazy, mail clerk that wouldn’t have all thrown all his mail away! And to add to the mystery, why did his letters never get delivered to his family?
Malinda sat listening to Robert criticize the mail service when she suddenly remembers, “Robert, in Alabama we had trouble with a half-breed name Louie Labeau. He was Captain of the Home Guard.” She explained the constant problem she had with him. “Robert we could not pay the land taxes. We had gotten two years behind and owed twenty-five dollars. That rascal Labeau told me he was going to own our farm and a month or so later when they posted the eviction notice I then owed fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents. Labeau and his Carpetbagger county judge kept raising the amount. Labeau was determined to get our place in revenge for me keeping William and Isaac hid from him. All along he wanted them for conscription into the army, and I wouldn’t give them up. I believe if I could have raised the fifty-two dollars and twenty-six cents the judge would have raised the amount when I tried to pay.” She was careful to omit the part where Labeau attempted to clandestinely force his attention upon her.
“Do you suppose he had any influence on the mail service at Albertville?”
“Robert, I’ll tell you this much - Louie Labeau and his cohorts had control of everything in the county, including, I’m sure, the mail. Now that you mention it every time I went to the postal office the mail clerk took my letter and said he would make sure it got into the outgoing mailbag personally. But he always seemed embarrassed and would not look me in the eye.”
She further explained they tried to sell Blaze to Doctor Crawford, but they still could not raise the tax money. Finally, being desperate, she told Robert the only choice, they had, was for her to take the family and move back to Scarlett. She told about loading the two wagons with most of their belongings throwing all the children aboard and making sure Sary had the huge family Bible, and they headed east to South Carolina. She told how William and Lizzie fell overboard crossing the Tallulah River and how they camped for nearly a month beside the river hoping against hope that the two children would show up. She explained how sad was the remaining trip knowing William and Lizzie had drown, but how thrilled they were to find both waiting for them at Scarlett when they arrived. William held on to a limb and floated downstream until he got ashore, Lizzie held onto the wooden box, which carried Pappy John’s old family Bible until she reached William. Both caught a ride on a river barge to Scarlettsville.
“Wait a minute! Did you say Lizzie was holding onto Pappy’s old Bible in the river?”
“Yes, she desperately held onto the wooden box which contained the Bible.”
 “You know today while I was talking at the dedication of the stone in front of the Mill I said while I thought I was dying in the Devil’s Den I had a vision. I saw Pappy, Matthew and Isaac being hanged back in April of 1781. Remember I also said my father climbed upon the bench and spoke with his grandfather? Wow, here is what is important: I told you I did not know what my father and Pappy said to each other; however, when you mentioned our big old family Bible it all came back to me, I now remember. 
“In my vision, I heard what Pappy said to my father. Father said, “Yes, Pappy, I hear you, but I don’t understand, is it the big Bible?” Pappy Scarburg answers, “Yes, but don’t worry my son, just promise me you will never forget. Keep the black ostrich plume to remember me by, and someday you or some of your offspring will find its value will be incalculable.”
 “Robert, that black ostrich plume was in the Bible. I gave it to Matthew the day you all went to enlist in the Army. Had it not been for that black feather Luke and I would never have found him working with Mark Holmes at Gettysburg.”
“The feather? How...? What...?” Robert was confused.
 From a chair on the porch Kelly spoke, “That’s right. I met Malinda and Luke on the Emmitsburg Road, almost at the very spot where Matt was shot in the leg. Malinda was searching for any information about her son. I had seen hundreds of dead, dying or wounded soldiers those three awful days, and her son was but one of the thousands, but when Malinda mentioned the black ostrich plume I knew she was speaking of Matt. I had seen him and his feather on the day of Pickett’s Charge. I carried Malinda and Luke to see him and my Pa at the workshop.”
“Oh my, that is right. Thank you so much, my dear,” said Malinda. “Luke and I had just come from that dreadful place called Devil’s Den. We were looking for anyone or anything that might give us a clue to your fate. Robert, we did not know whether you had lived or died. All we found was the rock where Luke said he last saw you. I saw the blood stains on the rock and on the ground and the scratches you had made on the stone where you must have leaned against.”
“Scratches? Scratches Malinda, what do you mean? I remember no scratches. What did they look like?”
“I’m sorry Robert, but it was a while ago, and I can’t seem to recall exactly what was scribbled there.”
Luke spoke up, “I do Mother, I remember precisely what was written on the stone.”
“Speak son, tell me what was there,” said his father.
“Father it was a letter and some numbers. I remember they read:

2K168

“Father, what did that letter and those numbers mean?”
“Luke, I’m not quite sure, but in my vision, I heard my grandfather Pappy John give those numbers to Thomas my father, and I believe I might have an answer to this mystery. When I returned from the Indian Wars all that was left of Scarlett were the four fireplaces on either end of the burnt remains, the Greek porch columns and one other thing – Pappy’s big Bible. Malinda and Granny had saved it from the flames after the Indian attack.”
“Father, that day at Devil’s Den you kept asking Matt and me to get you a Bible. Do you remember why you wanted a Bible?”
Staring off in to the distance without actually seeing Robert answers, “Yes Son, I think I do, now!”

CHAPTER SIXTY-ONE 
The Mystery  

Once Robert had made an announcement that he believed he knew what the “2K168” meant, everyone on the porch sat waiting in anticipation of the answer.
Robert finally spoke, “All my life, at least since I was a small lad old enough to know, I have always thought grandfather’s Bible was important. I did not know why, but today sitting here among you it has all come back to me. Father must have told me about the 2K168, the black feather, and the big Bible when I was young. I must have been so young that I forgot what he said. The key to the mystery must be in Pappy’s old Bible.”
Everyone moved from the porch into the large area of the parlor. Robert requests the Bible and they all crowd around the table. Under the light from a couple of kerosene lamps, Robert opens the big book. Looking at those standing around him he asks, “Now think about the “2K168,” does anyone have any idea what that could mean?”
Little Lizzie, barely able to squeeze up to the table says, “Father could ‘2K’ mean the Second Book of Kings and the other numbers are the Chapter and Verse?”
Robert looks at Lizzie and grins, “From the mouth of babes!”
Robert begins flipping through the Old Testament looking for the Book of Second Kings, “Come on children, you all had to remember the books of the Bible in Sunday School.”
The children start reciting, “Genesis, Exodus, Leviticus, Numbers, Deuteronomy, Joshua, Judges, Ruth, 1st Samuel, 2nd Samuel, 1st Kings, 2nd Kings...”
“Stop that’s it, okay here’s 2nd Samuel, 1st Kings yes...yes...2nd Kings. Now, Chapter 16, yeah here it is,” scanning down the page with his index finger, “Verse 8:

‘And Ahaz took the silver and gold that was found in the house of the LORD, and in the treasures of the king's house, and sent it for a present...’

 Mattie Ann was the first to speak, “What does all that mean? Do you understand Father?”
“I don’t know girl, but it is certainly a mystery. I suggest we all go to bed, get a good night’s sleep and maybe with our minds rested and refreshed we might solve this riddle tomorrow.”

*  *  *  *  *

The alarm clock sitting on the fence post next to the barn announced it was sunup; time to begin a fresh new day. Robert is already awake before the rooster crowed and has been for a while; he had spent a terrible, restless night. Robert could not get the Bible verse out of his mind.
At the breakfast table, no one speaks. It is as if someone had died. No one wants to be the first to say something; finally, Mattie Ann clears her throat and says, “I’ve been giving Pappy Scarburg’s Bible some serious thought...” At this proclamation the others sniggered and grinned; she pays them no mind and continues; “Now what if Pappy was trying to tell us about some real silver and gold?”
“Ah, Mattie Ann,” said Stephen, “what are you talking about, you don’t mean real silver and gold?”
“Now listen up! Mama told me and Lizzie when that big fight took place at the Mill, y’all know, the time Pappy Scarburg got his self hung. Mama you tell them the story about those heavy wagons and such.”
“I’ll concede to the story man – Robert you tell them about the Battle of Scarburg Mill. You know more about it than anyone.”
“Now don’t y’all get too hasty, but Mattie Ann I believe you might be on to something. Granny Scarburg told me that story a hundred times: During the Revolutionary War and the Battle of Scarburg Mill, there was a Rebel Captain by the name of John Coker. He and his men were part of a South Carolina Ranger Regiment that had been escorting and guarding a couple of heavily loaded wagons from Dahlonega, Georgia to General George Washington. Granny said during the fight the Captain burned the two wagons, and he and his men escaped into the woods.”
Stephen, now interested, jumped in, “What was in the wagons that the Captain had been guarding?”
“Granny never said, but I always had a feeling she knew, but just would not tell what the wagons contained.”
Luke threw his hat in to the conversation, “Father! What if the wagons were carrying gold?”
“While in prison at Point Lookout I had a very good friend, his name was Benjamin Dunway. Ben was from Dahlonega, Georgia. He said the only thing worth hauling out of his hometown was gold from the local gold mines. Mattie Ann is right – that verse is telling us about gold, real honest to goodness gold! 
“Good, now we’re on the right path – anyone else have any ideas? Look at the Bible verse again, someone must surely see what Pappy was trying to tell us.”
Matthew responded, “Father what is the name of Pappy’s church?”
“Pappy John’s church? Well, they just called it the Meetinghouse, no wait! The House of the Lord, that’s what the old folks used to call it! I’ll be darned, I see what you’re getting at Matthew, ‘gold was found in the house of the LORD,’ that’s what Pappy is saying! So, the meaning of the verse is beginning to be revealed, we should look in the Quaker Meetinghouse to find the gold.”
“Father, aren’t you leaving something out?” Asked Luke.
“No, I don’t think so, we know where we might find the treasure – in the Meetinghouse.”
“Look at the rest of the verse, it says the ‘gold’ was found in the house of the Lord, but the ‘treasures’ are in the ‘king’s house’.”
“Father,” Luke asks, “was anything known as the ‘king’s house?” 
“Of course! The King’s House – Scarlettsville’s Masonic Lodge Number One was called ‘The King’s House’ back in Pappy John’s day. You all have solved Pappy Scarburg’s mystery. We will find the gold in the Church and the Masonic Hall.”
Luke joins the conversation, “I believe that might be the real meaning of 2K186, but Father, how do we get inside those two places and start looking. I do not think the members will be too eager to allow us to go in and start tearing the floorboards up. Anyway, I’ll almost have to see that gold to believe it.”
“You’re right Luke. I will go into town and talk to the elders of the church and the Brothers of the Masonic Lodge. I think when I fully explain what they have to gain; they will be enthusiastic to oblige, and in fact, they might even help us search.”
Malinda had been listening quietly to the entire conversation that was taking place, finally, she spoke, “Robert you and the boys are forgetting one important fact – even if you all have the Bible verse figured out correctly we do not own that gold.”
“What are you saying Mother, sure it will be ours, we will be the ones that found it!” Said Luke.
“No Son, it will not be yours, it belongs to the government of the United States, remember this gold was hidden, if gold was indeed hidden, during the Revolutionary War. That Patriot Captain Coker was guarding those two heavy-laden wagons on his way to deliver whatever was in them to General Washington.”
“But Mother...”
“No buts, the gold, if any is found must be returned to the Treasury of the United States.”
Luke and Matthew still wanted to argue, “The United States, they are the enemy, give the enemy our gold? Mother this is not right!”
 “Boys, the United States was the enemy, but as you know, we are not fighting them anymore; we are now all citizens of these United States. Remember your father’s excellent speech at the dedication under the old oak? I think he made it crystal clear; we must all once again become Americans.”
“Your mother is right, this gold is not ours, and it does truly belong to the government as bad as I hate to admit. If we find anything, it will have to go back to the original owners. When I meet with the officials of the church and Masonic Lodge, I will explain this fact to them also.”
 
THE MEETING

The day is hot. Late July is always hot in this part of South Carolina in mid-summer; Six men have gathered in the office of Scarburg Mill, the air is filled with dust from the grinding stones. Three of the gentlemen are Elders of the Scarlettsville Meeting House, and the other three are officers of Masonic Lodge Number One. 
Elder Lindley raises a question, speaking to no one in particular, “Why do thee reason Master Robert would invite the Elders of the Meetinghouse and the Officers of thy Masonic Lodge to assemble ourselves in this dusty place?”
“You are right Elder Lindley,” announces Robert entering the room. “Let us move ourselves to the area underneath the big oak out in the Mill yard. It will be cooler and the air fresher out by Mink Creek. Once there I will explain my reason for having interrupted your busy day to come talk with me.”
The men find resting places around a couple of the wooden tables left over from the 4th of July festivities. Robert follows behind as the men become comfortable, “I know you are asking why I have invited you here today? I will dispense with the formality of small talk and get right to the point. I have reason to believe that something valuable is hidden in your church Elder and in your Masonic Lodge Worshipful Master,” he said waving his arm about the men’s heads.
The Master of the Lodge Lonnie Taylor asks, “Robert are you saying some valuable item is hidden both in the church and in our Lodge, how can this be possible.”
“I see what you mean Worshipful Master Taylor, I think I misspoke. I did not mean to imply that the ‘something valuable’ is singular; I believe it to have plural implications. I have deduced this will be found in you gentlemen’s church,” he said speaking to the Elders, “and also in your Lodge Lonnie.”
“In both our places, what could be valuable hidden in both their church and our Lodge?”
“Gold! 
The six men sat startled, they looked questioningly at each other, but no one spoke.
“Gentlemen if you do not have any pressing appointments for the next hour or so I have a very interesting story to tell.” Obviously if they did, they were abandoned. They wanted to stay and hear what Robert was so interested in – gold. Robert talked to them for more than an hour. He explained the two heavily loaded wagons, the British and Patriot fight at the mill, the burning of the wagons and the disappearance of the cargo the soldiers were guarding. He told of his friend Ben from Dahlonega, GA and the gold mines. Finally, he finished with the puzzle left by his Pappy – 2K168. He explained how his family had figured out what the message meant that John Scarburg was leaving in 2nd Kings, Chapter 16, Verse 8 of the King James Version of the Holy Bible. When he finished, the men sat speechless.
Robert can see the look amazement on the faces of the men sitting around the two tables, especially the Superintendent of Works for the Lodge. He is the official who keeps the inventory, and is responsible for the material possessions of the Masonic Lodge. It is his responsibility to see that the Lodge is properly prepared for the ceremonies and that everything is safely locked away at the end of the evening. In Lodge Number One, the Superintendent is James Earl Brown. James looks at Robert; “I’ve been a Brother of Lodge One for nearly fifty years and Superintendent for almost twenty. Robert I know every crook and cranny of our Lodge and every item within and without. I can assure you, there is no gold hidden in our Lodge!”
Elder Lindley parroted almost the same refrain about the Meetinghouse. He said his great-great-grandfather along with Jacob Ingram constructed the House of the Lord, and he could say without a shadow of a doubt there isn’t any gold to be found in that old building either.
“I believe both of you reason you are correct, but I also think both of you are wrong! Pappy Scarburg did not leave us that 2K168 puzzle for nothing. He knew we would figure it out someday There is gold hidden somewhere in your two buildings. Will you help me find it? That is the only way we are going to know for sure.”

THE SEARCH

Nine a.m. the next morning a group of eighteen men congregate in front of the Meetinghouse. Robert steps up on the small entryway porch and addresses the searchers, “Men I thank you for coming this morning. In a few minutes, we will enter the good folks of Scarlettsville’s Meetinghouse. Remember, this is ‘The House of the Lord’ and we do not want to tear this wonderful old building apart. Your duty is to look at places within the building where things might be hidden – look at the boards. Do they fit properly? What about the nails? Are they original, or have they been replaced? Check the planks for saw marks, do they seem original or do some appear different? Some of you go into the loft and check, a couple more crawl into the belfry and see what’s up there, I guess no one has been up there in years. The gold we are looking for is not going to be easy to find, if it were it would have been found years ago, but I believe with all my heart it is here, we just have to find it. Good luck, now let’s get to work.”
In an hour or so the Meetinghouse looks like a plague of rats has overrun the building. Men are on their knees poking and prodding every board and plank some are even on their stomachs looking carefully to see if they could discern any imperfections in the surfaces.
As the noon hour approaches, the women folk bring an assortment of food and drink for the searchers. Robert takes this opportune time to question each and every man – no one has seen anything out of the ordinary. “Let’s give it another few hours and if we find nothing we will call it a day. Again I thank each and every one of you who has volunteered their time and efforts.”
At five p.m., Robert assembles the workers. “Men you have tried your hardest to find the gold I thought was hidden within these walls. I’m beginning to believe I interpreted my grandfather’s Bible verse incorrectly. Before we break for the day does anyone have anything they wish to say, or did anyone find or see anything they thought might be out of the ordinary and worth mentioning?” 
Young Billy Baird speaks, “Mr. Scarburg, I know I have not lived here in Scarlettsville all my life, but I thought it strange that when me and John here,” he said pointing, “ went into the bell tower we found the ropes to the bells rotten and decomposed beyond use. It appears the bells haven’t been used in years.”
 “Ye are correct young Billy,” answers Elder Lindley, “those old bells have never been used since the Battle of Scarburg Mill back in 1771. That’s over eighty years the bells have remained silent.”
“Why? Asks Billy.
Elder Lindley looks confused, “I don’t know young Billy, I have always supposed it was to honor John Scarburg and his two sons William and Isaac that was murdered by the British after the battle. I personally have never heard the bell’s ring myself.”
 Robert concluded the search by saying, “That’s okay Billy; you did an excellent job today, all of you did. Tomorrow we meet again at 9 a.m. in front of the Masonic Lodge, and we will go through the same procedure as we did with the church today. Get a good night’s rest and come back tomorrow fresh for a, hopefully, rewarding search.”
That night at supper the whole family is seated around the table. Malinda speaks to Robert, “Don’t be so dejected, you will find something in the Masonic Lodge. Now eat, you will need your strength tomorrow.”
“I just can’t understand it Luke; I thought we had figured out the mystery of Pappy John’s Bible. Where did we go wrong?” He said with his elbows on the table, and his head buried in his hands.
“Mother is right Father; we will find the gold tomorrow – have faith.”

*  *  *  *  *

The next morning Robert is again up before sunrise sipping hot coffee on the front porch, old Kentuck lying at his feet. He thinks of the previous day, the men were right - the church is not that big and there is no place to hide anything, especially a considerable quantity of gold bars. He keeps remembering back to what his friend Ben had told him – a bar of gold weighs over twenty-seven pounds each. A wagonload of that would take up a pretty good chunk of space. The church just isn’t big enough.
A few minutes before 9 a.m. he rides Blaze up to the hitching post in front of Masonic House Number One. As he steps from the saddle to the ground, he thinks, ‘How could I have been so wrong? All the clues were right there in the 2nd Chapter of Kings, Chapter 16 and Verse 8.’
The men are milling around the front of the Lodge, but today only about twelve show up. Six decide Robert is crazy and did not want to waste their time. Yesterday the men were eager to get started looking for the gold – they thought within a few hours they would have their hands on bars and bars of shiny gold. It isn’t to be that way today the men were simply going through the motion, after searching the church they are sure nothing is in the Lodge either.
The noonday meal comes and goes without any hint of information being discovered about the gold. At 5 p.m., as happened yesterday Robert asks if anyone had found anything – the answer was still no. Did anyone have a word or a comment – again no one speaks. Robert calls everyone into a semi-circle around him, “Men, I am sorry! I could have sworn the gold would have been in the church and the Lodge – I was wrong! You all have done an excellent job. I guess looking on the bright side the gold was to be returned to the Treasury of the United States, so not finding it is not a big loss to us; however, I am sorry your sincere efforts did not produce any positive results.”
After supper, Robert and Luke sit on the porch once again. Robert is in a melancholy mood; he does not want to talk. Luke presses the issue, “Father, I have a question to ask,” as he rubs Kentuck’s head.
“No, no I do not want to talk more about the fruitless search of the church and lodge.” 
“Father what I need to ask concerns the Masonic Lodge, but not the search for the gold. Today William, Isaac, Stephen, Thomas Henry and I were assigned to search outside the Lodge building around the rock foundation checking for possible hidden storage areas.”
“Are you trying to say you and the boys found something?”
“Oh no, no we didn’t, but the boys were checking out the old cannon sitting in front of the Lodge, you know, that was the one fired on the 4th. Well, the boys asked a question I could not answer. They wanted to know what a cannon ball weighed? I tried to tell them you and I were in the Infantry, not the Artillery, so I did not know the weight. Do you know?”
At first, Robert sits there appearing as though he has not heard the question, “The weight of a cannon ball huh? That is a twelve pounder sitting out front of the Lodge, so I suppose the balls weigh twelve pounds each.”
“Father, does the Army make different weights of twelve pound cannonballs.”
“Luke did you just hear what you said? Why do you suppose they call them twelve pounders?”
“Oh yeah, that was silly wasn’t it, but those cannonballs weigh much more than twelve pounds. The boys tried to pick one up, and they were just barely able to move it. Oh well, it’s not important, I think I’m going in and get ready for bed.”
Robert sat by himself with only Kentuck for company on the porch. Kentuck still lay at his feet sleeping. Robert watches the moon rise over the pond and trees toward the east thinking about the past two days: why does the church have bells, but never use them. Why would the members of the Meetinghouse stop ringing their bells right after the Battle of Scarburg Mill? As a tribute to Pappy John, that makes no sense? Quakers are pacifists, silencing the bells would be looked upon as a tribute to the battle. They would not do that. And what’s with the twelve-pound cannonballs not weighing twelve pounds? Suddenly it struck him like a bolt of lightning!
Running back into the house, he hollered, “Luke! Luke go saddle the horses; we’ve got things to do!”
“Father it’s late,” complained Luke. “Why would you want to go somewhere at this hour?”
“Come on hurry! We’re going back to the Meetinghouse and the Lodge.”

*  *  *  *  *

Robert is sliding from his saddle before Blaze has come to a full stop at the hitching post in front of Elder Lindley’s house. Robert left Scarlett at a full gallop with Luke doing his level best trying to keep up, yelling, “Father, slowdown! It’s dark!”
Robert slightly turns his head and responds, “Come on Son, times wasting, try to stay up with me.”
Half running Robert is up the steps and across the porch pounding on the Elder’s door, ‘Thump, thump, thump,’ Robert hits with his gloved fist.
A candlelight appears in the house as someone inside yells, “Who’s there?”
“Sorry, Elder Lindley, it is Robert and Luke Scarburg. May we talk with you?”
Opening the door slowly, Elder Lindley peeps out to see if indeed it is Robert. Verifying for himself, he opens the door. “Sir, what could ye be seeking with me at this late hour?”
“Get dressed Elder, come with us to the Meetinghouse. I have an idea about the gold.”
“Brother Scarburg is this not a matter that we could delay till the morrow?”
“Yes, of course, but please Elder Lindley grant me just this one request and let us get into the Meetinghouse tonight.”
Walking up the walk to the front door of the Quaker’s house of worship Elder Lindley says to Robert, “Sir, I know not what ye expect to find that the men could not find during thou initial search.”
Opening the large wooden entrance door, the Elder lights a lamp in the foyer and hands it to Robert. “Luke,” said Robert, “I want you to take this lamp, climb in to the belfry and closely examine the Meetinghouse’s bells.”
“Okay Father, but examine them how? What am I looking for?”
“If the clapper is still within the bells take hold of one of the wheels that are attached to the bell, turn it by hand, if you can. The clapper should bang against the inside of the bell. I will hear one of two things standing here underneath the belfry – a sweet ring of the original brass bell or something else.”
“Father, you are making no sense. I have no idea what you are up to, but I will do as you ask.”
A couple of minutes later Luke climbs the ladder and is in the bell tower standing next to the two bells. One is pretty large the other a shade smaller, yelling back down to Robert and Elder Lindley, “Okay, I’m here, now what?”
“Turn the large wheel next to the bell, if it turns the bell will ring. If it is rusted shut swing the clapper by hand.”
From the Meetinghouse floor, the two men look up into the steeple awaiting the sound of the bell. A dull, dead sound is heard coming from the top of the tower; Luke said later it reminded him of someone thumping on a ripe watermelon.
Yelling back down Luke hollers, “Father, the bells will not ring, you reckon they are cracked and broken? I don’t see any cracks.”
Shouting back up into the belfry, “Luke, how do the headstocks appear? Are they secure or rotten?”
“I don’t know Father, what are the headstocks?”
“Luke, they are the large pieces of wood that support the bells.”
Responding back, “Father, these things holding the bells are large metal bars, they are not made of wood.”
Turning to Elder Lindley, “Something is not right Elder, the bells do not seem to be cracked, but yet they will not ring. The wooden headstocks are made of metal not wood. This is strange, but I have an idea.”
“Luke are the bells made of bronze?”
“I don’t know Father; they are painted black.”
“Black! Bells aren’t painted. Luke use your pocketknife and scrape off a small spot of the black paint and tell me what you see.”
Moving over to the large bell Luke removes his pocketknife, flips open a blade and scrapes the black paint along the edge of the bell, “This can’t be Father,” Luke yells. “It looks like...like...”
“What Luke? What does it look like?”
“Gold! Father it is gold!”
“Luke check the headstocks too.”
“Gold! The metal headstocks seem to be made of gold too!”
Grinning, Robert looks to Elder Lindley, “Well I guess we have found the gold Elder Lindley. It appeared when the soldiers pulled out that morning during the Battle of Scarburg Mill they left the gold bars and burned the wagons. Later, the bars were melted and to hide the gold they turned it in to the bells in your belfry. Now we understand why the bells never rang again; they couldn’t; they are made of pure gold!”
“What now Father?” Luke yells from the belfry.
“Good job Luke, now get back down we’ve got to get over to the Masonic Lodge.”

*  *  *  *  *

Masonic Lodge Number One is but a short distance from the Meetinghouse. Robert and Luke mount up and spur their horses followed closely behind by Elder Lindley in his buggy. He said he was coming too he wasn’t going to miss the excitement.
Luke has been instructed to go to Lonnie Taylor’s house and ask him to meet with Robert and Elder Lindley at the Lodge.
Stopping in front of the Lodge to await the arrival of the official from the Masonic Lodge. Robert lights the two lanterns on either side of the entrance doors so they can see a little better. The wait is not long. Up rides Luke followed closely by Mr. Taylor. Dismounting, Taylor like Elder Lindley could not understand why Robert would want back into the Masonic Lodge, especially this late at night. 
“I’ve got the keys right here Robert, but I don’t understand what you expect to find inside. We have already searched the Lodge pretty good, I think.”
“You’re right Lonnie, we’re not going inside. I wanted you here to see what I think we will find on your Lodge’s property. No need to explain I’ll just show you all, but first I want to thank you for coming down to meet us.”
“You’re welcome Robert, glad to help.”
“Lonnie during the late War I know you were in the Artillery, I believe you were what we in the Infantry called a ‘cannon cocker.’ Your job took you right out there at the beginning of every action while engaging the enemy. Seen a lot of battles just like most of us, right?”
“Yeah, more than I wanted to, believe you me!”
“Lonnie I’m saying this to establish the fact that you know all about cannons and cannonballs. I reckon you have handled a few of those balls in your time, isn’t this correct?”
“Yes, that is surely the truth.”
Robert walks over to the old Revolutionary War cannon, “Lonnie this pile of cannonballs stacked next to the cannon contains twelve-pound balls, agreed?”
“Yes, twelve pound balls. I agree Robert. As I said, I have fired many of them, just like these at the boys from the North.”
“Fine, pick up the one on top and bring it over to me.”
Mr. Taylor walks over to the stack places his hands on the top cannonball and lifts; rather he tries to raise it. He grasps the ball with both hands and expecting a weight of slightly close to twelve pounds he groans, “Uh, something is wrong Robert,” he says straining to lift the heavy cannonball. “This ball must weigh more than seventy or eighty pounds. I don’t understand.”
“Luke, take your pocket knife and scrape off a little of that black paint. I believe Elder Lindley and Lonnie would like to see what type of metal is in this ball.”
Doing as he was told Luke scratched the ball with his knife blade. Even in the dim light cast by the flickering flames of the two lanterns a glitter could be seen, “Why...why...that is not iron. It looks like it might be go...go...gold!” exclaimed the flabbergasted Worshipful Master of Lodge Number One.
  “Indeed Lonnie, it is gold. These cannonballs are all solid gold, each weighing between fifty to one hundred pounds. I’m just estimating, but I guess each ball would require three or four bars of gold to make, and a bar of gold weighs between twenty-five to thirty pounds. While imprisoned at Point Lookout, one of my closest friends worked the gold mines in northern Georgia before the War; he said a bar of gold weighed twenty-seven pounds. Luke, how about helping Lonnie count the balls in the stack.”
“No need Robert, I can tell you a four-stack of twelve-pounders contains thirty balls. I’ve stacked too many, and my memory might not be as it once was, but I’ll never forget that number!”
“Okay, let’s say each ball weighs at a minimum fifty pounds, and Lonnie you say there are thirty of them, I don’t need to cipher those numbers the answer is one thousand five hundred pounds.
“Why, there is almost a ton of gold stacked right here!”
“Yes Lonnie and it has been here for the past seventy-four years! Hiding in plain sight, and within the past hour Elder Lindley, Luke and myself found the rest of the gold in the Meetinghouse. The gold had been melted and cast in to the church’s two bells and two golden headstocks...”
Interrupting, Lonnie wanted to know the description of a headstock. Robert explains Lonnie grunts and nods his head.
Continuing, “I have no way of knowing how much those bells and headstocks weigh, but guessing I would say they must weigh at least the same as all these cannonballs.”
“Oh my, that’s another ton and a half of pure gold,” William said rubbing the top cannon ball. “What are we to do now?”
“While waiting for you to arrive Lonnie I gave this problem some thought. First, for the time being, only the three of us are to know of our find. Even the hint, that the gold is found, would stir this town in to a frenzy of gold fever.”
“Yes, yes I agree.”
“At least,” said Robert, “the mystery of my Pappy John’s Bible is solved!” Bowing his head, “Thank you Pappy Scarburg for the 2K168 riddle.”

*  *  *  *  *

“At this very minute, the men, who searched for the gold, are telling their friends and family that my days in the prison has warped my thinking. They are saying no one should listen to me about the gold. That is good for us. Next Elder Lindley we will need to devise a plan to remove the bells and their headstocks from your belfry. To be honest I have no idea how to do it, but I do know for over forty years you have been a master carpenter in these parts. You have built houses, barns, stores, bridges, and oh...you have built or supervised the building of almost everything in this valley. Elder Lindley you are the perfect man to come up with a way to remove the bells and headstocks from the belfry. You need to devise an excuse why they must be removed also without divulging their true identity. 
The final task is my responsibility. I must contact the Treasury Department of the United States and find out what is to be the disposition of the gold. I know what you all are thinking, I don’t want to give it up either, but it is not ours to keep we must give it back.”
Lonnie looks sadly at Robert, “Robert, as you well know this is a poor town. Most folks around do not have two half-dimes to rub together. This terrible War has left us destitute and penniless. This gold could change our lives for the good. And besides, it has been lost for nearly a hundred years. The government doesn’t even know it is missing.”
“Please, fellows I know how much good could be done with this gold. Much of it could be used by a lot of needy people as you say. My son Matthew and his father-in-law Mark Holmes need cash to buy supplies to prepare artificial legs for the cripples of the War. No better use could be made of some of the gold money. I could rebuild Scarlett. Nate and Sary could build a home to live in peacefully for the rest of their lives. Luke and Catherine could use it too. I know Lonnie, I could go on and on about the good deeds the money would do for my family. The same goes for your Lodge and Elder Lindley’s Meetinghouse, but again it does not belong to us. If we didn’t know to whom it belongs, it might be different, but we know the owner is the United States Treasury. Maybe the government might give us a small reward for finding and returning the gold.”

GETTING RID OF THE GOLD

Robert stands at the counter of the Western Union office in Scarlettsville, with pen and paper in hand. What is he to say? And to whom is he supposed to send the message?
The clerk approaches, “Can I help mister? I can write it out if you need me to.”
“Nah, I can read and write, I just don’t know what to say or who I am supposed to send the message to.”
“Can you give me a hint, maybe I can help you compose your message.”
The clerk’s words caused Robert to think – if I send this out, this young Western Union fellow is going to spread word all over town about the gold. Learning of the news of the gold is not a good idea. Looking up from the message pad Robert said to the clerk, “You know I believe I will wait until later.” He replaces the pen in its holder and walks out of the telegraph office. ‘What to do? What to do?’ He thinks.
‘Columbia! Columbia is the place we need to go to find out what to do with the gold. I need to go to the state capital and talk with those people. They will know what to do.’ He thought sticking his foot into the stirrup of his saddle.
A quick trip back to Scarlett, Robert picks up Luke, and they head to the South Carolina capital of Columbia. From Scarlett, the capital is only a forty-five mile trip. The road from Scarlettsville to Columbia was first class; therefore, the two men should make good time arriving there sometime that same day.
The two Scarburg men walk their horses down Assembly Street. They were told by a couple of men at the edge of town the South Carolina State House is located on the corner of Assembly and Gervais Streets. 
As Robert and Luke move toward the State House, they are amazed at the total destruction the War had leveled on the city. Most of the buildings along the grand avenue they travel are burnt and destroyed. Luke surveying the ruins from the back of his horse commented, “Those Yankees!”
Robert responded, “No, those Damn Yankees!” Robert figured after the War the State House would be controlled and entirely run by Unionist. Anyone who held office prior to the War, did not, or could not hold any position within the state of South Carolina’s government now. 
“I’ve changed my mind, we’re not going to the State House. If we turn the gold over to these rascals, it will never make it back to Washington. They will find a way to keep it for themselves. No, we are heading to the nearest telegraph office. A message sent from here will do us no harm, the clerk will not know where we are from.”
They follow the telegraph wires running along Assembly Street to the Western Union office. Robert dismounts, enters the room and approaches the counter in the telegraph office. He motions for the clerk. The clerk asked if he could be of help. 
“Yes, I want to send a telegram.”
“Jot’er down on this pad, and I’ll send’er off Mister, or do you druther I jest tap it out.”
 “Okay, tapping it out will be fine.”
The clerk returns to his telegraph key and keys in his station code. Turning to Robert, “Okay Mister, I’m ready. Who do we send this to?”
“Send it to the President of the United States, Washington, D.C.”
“What? Did you say the President of the United States?”
“Yes! Something wrong with your hearing?” 
Shaking his head, the clerk began to key in the address. “Okay, what do you want to say to the President?”

Sir have found large quantity of money belonging U.S. government. (stop) 
Believe from Revolutionary War (stop) 
Request disposition instructions. (stop)
 
Awaiting reply. 
R. Smith. (stop)

The telegraph operator keyed the message leaned back in his chair to think about what he had just done. He wanted desperately to ask Robert about the money, but he understood the operator’s job was to send and receive messages; they are not to become involved in the subject of the transmissions. Rather than asking a question the operator directed Robert and Luke to a bench to await an answer.
The folks in Washington must operate efficiently; an answer returned almost immediately:

R. Smith (stop) 
Columbia, SC (stop)

What type money? (stop) How much money? (stop)

J. Worthy (stop)
Office Secretary of Treasury (stop)

“Sir, do you wish to make a reply?”
“Yes, send this:”

Type – gold. Amount – One and one-half tons. (stop)

The operator sat with his mouth open. “Send the response,” said Robert.
Within minutes, another telegraph message was received, the sender was the same as before the message read:

Thanks for considering Treasury. (stop).
We do not buy output from mining operations. (stop) 
Take gold ore to nearest assay office. (stop)

J. Worthy (stop)
Office Secretary of the Treasury (stop)

“Hmm...send them this reply:”

Not ore. Refined 24 karat gold. Repeat have – 1-1/2 tons. (stop)
 Believe Gold from Revolutionary War period.(stop) 
Request disposition. (stop)

R. Smith (stop)

The operator had gone as far as his regulations require, but he could not resist, “Mister, do you realize you are saying to Washington that you have three thousand pounds of pure gold?”
“Yeah,” said Robert, “we thought it was a lot too.”
“How much exactly is that much gold worth?” The Western Union operator asked.
“I don’t rightly know. Hand me that pad and a pen. Now let’s see: three thousand times sixteen ounces is forty-eight thousand ounces. Gold is selling today, I guess around thirty dollars an ounce,” Quickly to the calculations, “Let’s see that would be close to a 1.4 million dollars. Humm, I guess it is a lot. Wait a second; gold is measured in Troy ounces. A Troy pound of gold is only twelve ounces, so now we have,” Robert figured, “just a tad over one million dollars, or one million eighty thousand dollars to be exact.”
The key on the telegraph machine began clicking; a new message was coming in from Washington:
 
Understand. (stop)
We have no procedure to accept proceeds from Revolutionary War time period. (stop)
Money’s found belong to finder. (stop)

J. Worthy (stop)

“Okay, mister operator send this final message back to Washington:

Understand U.S. will not accept. Finders awarded custody? (stop)
R. Smith (stop)

A couple of minutes later a response was received, it simply read:

Correct, finders awarded custody of gold. Thank you for inquiry. (stop)_

J. Worthy (stop)
Office Secretary of Treasury (stop)
Washington, D.C. (stop)

The telegraph operator was almost in a state of shock – the gold was theirs – it belonged to Mr. R. Smith. The Government said so. He turns to Robert, “Is there anything more I can do for you Mr. Smith?”
“Yeah, just one – could you please put that final response on one of your official yellow telegraph papers.”  
Standing on the sidewalk outside the telegraph office Robert could not speak, he merely handed the Western Union note to Luke. Luke bewildered said, “Father, it is ours! It really is ours – officially? The Government did not want it? What about that!”
Robert sat down on the edge on the wooden sidewalk, leaned back against one of the posts and re-reads the telegraph, “Yeap that’s what this official telegraph paper says. Now we just have to figure out how to divide it up fairly.” 
“What do you mean ‘divide’ Father? The gold belongs to us, we found it!”
“Well, we did find it Son, but remember the bells and headstocks were found on the Meetinghouse property, and the cannonballs were found stacked on the Masonic Lodge grounds.”
“I agree with where the gold was found, but it had been hidden there for over seventy years, without us figuring out the mystery it would still be there for the next seventy years!”
“I know Luke, but fair is fair. We’ll just have to figure it all out. Just think – over a million dollars! Let’s go home.”

GOOD AND BAD NEWS

Arriving back at Scarlett Robert and Luke gather the family together. All the Scarburgs, all the Holmes, Nate’s family, and Sary all crowd together in the parlor anxiously awaiting Robert to tell them how the trip to Columbia went.
After everyone settles down, Robert begins, “Now Luke and I have some good news and some bad news. Which do y’all want to hear first?”
Someone yelled out ‘bad’ and save the ‘good’ for last. “Okay,” replies Robert, “here is the bad: we found the right Department in the United States government where we needed to send the gold.” 
Around the room could be heard the soft moan of disappointment. “Ah gee,” said Thomas Henry, “I was thinkin’ how I was gonna buy me one of them new ‘yo-yo’ things.” 
And Stephen piped up, “Yeah, I wanted a ‘rolling hoop’, I saw them down at the mercantile store.”
“I’m sorry too Robert,” exclaimed Malinda sadly, “I wanted some of those glass marbles and one of those new baseballs for the boys, and maybe a couple of store bought dolls for the girls. The girls are getting too old to be playing with their shuck dolls. It has been a long time since the children have had any real toys, but we should not have gotten our hopes up after all it is not our gold. I was just hoping the government might give us a small finders reward.”
“Nah, there was no finder reward, but who wants to hear the ‘good’ news?” Everyone unanimously agrees.
Taking the yellow telegraph response from his pocket, he unfolded it and heldholds it in the air for all to see, “Nope there is no reward, but the gold is not ours, huh? Yes, oh yes it is! That is the good news! The government said if we found it we could keep it. The gold is ours, it says so right here on this official Western Union telegram!” The room fell silent. Everyone was looking around at the others with a look of bewilderment. 
Someone says, “Ours..., ours to keep?”
“Robert! You’re not saying the gold belongs to us to spend as we see fit,” said Malinda.
“Yes, it is ours, but there is a but...”
Malinda looks at Robert dishearten, “Isn’t there always? We do not get to keep it, right?”
“Oh no, we’re keeping it all right, the ‘but’ is we have to divide it with the Meetinghouse and the Masonic Lodge.”
Just as Luke said earlier Matthew jumped in, “Divide it? Father we found it. It ought to belong to us alone.”
“Now let’s not get greedy. I think roughly five hundred thousand dollars will be enough for you all to buy that ‘yo-yo’ gadget and the ‘hoop de do’ thing, and the dolls, balls, dresses and clothes and...and...anything else your little hearts desire. Now what do you think of that?” 
Malinda and the rest of the family were speechless.
“We can rebuild Scarlett bigger and better and do all the things we need and want to do. The question remains: how to divide the gold?”
“Father,” said Mattie Ann, “there is the Meetinghouse and the Masons and us, that’s three, split the gold in to three parts and each gets a part.”
“Good suggestion Mattie Ann, then the Meetinghouse Elders and the Brothers of the Lodge can split their third as they see fit. Yes, that is the answer – divide the gold three ways, but how to accomplish this?”

EXPLANATION

The next morning Robert has assembled the same group of Elders and the same Brothers of the Masonic Lodge underneath the oak in front of the Mill. They think they have been requested to meet to hear Robert tell them where they must send the gold.
Tipping his hat, “Elder Lindley and friends, Worshipful Master Taylor and Brothers thank you all for coming. I know you are anxious to hear about mine and Luke’s trip to Columbia to return the gold.”
“Ah, yes,” said Elder Lindley in a somber tone. “Returning the gold...proceed.”
“Luke and I traveled to Columbia knowing if we send a telegram from our local Western Union office word of the gold would spread like a wildfire through our community. We decided to send a message from the state capital at Columbia to the Department of the Treasury in Washington, D.C. asking them what we were supposed to do with the gold. Well fellows, they thought at first we were trying to send them a ton and a half of gold ore. After assuring them we had approximately a ton and a half of pure gold, I was told they did not want it. They would not take it.”
The Worshipful Master spoke up, “Well, where are we to send it or what are we to do with it?”
“Nothing,” answers Robert.
“Nothing, what does that mean?”
“It means IT...IS...OURS!” Robert said, slowly speaking the words.
“Ours, ours to keep?” Said Elder Lindley.
“Yes, absolutely yes,” Robert said pulling out the telegram and passing it around for all to read, “and here is my proposal, unless you all have a different arrangement. I suggest we load up the bells and headstocks from the Meetinghouse and bring them to the Mill. William you bring the thirty cannonballs from the Lodge as well. We will take the gold inside, put the largest iron pot we can find over the forge fire and melt the bells, headstocks, and cannonballs. We’ll pour the gold in to gold bars and then divide it in to thirds – one for us, one for the Meetinghouse, and one for the Lodge. That’s the fairest way I can determine to do it right. Anyone with another suggestion?”
Everyone shakes their heads, “Good plan Robert, good plan,” comments the Elder. “We have already removed the bells and headstocks from the belfry; we’ll load them in a couple of wagons and have them down here this afternoon.”
“Same with us,” said Lonnie. “Just as soon as we can get the cannonballs loaded.”
“Fine gentlemen, in the meantime I will get the forge fired up and ready. I’ll also get our blacksmith to make some iron molds to pour the gold in for cooling.” Waving as he walked to the Mill, “See you all this afternoon.”
Two days later stacked in three huge piles are one hundred eighty bars of pure gold, sixty bars to a stack. Each bar weighing in at thirty pounds each. Robert was a tad off in his guessing the gold’s weight. Instead of two thousand five hundred pounds there are five thousand four hundred pounds. At the going rate of thirty dollar per twelve ounces Troy, they have one million nine hundred and forty-four thousand dollars of pure twenty-four karat gold. Split three ways, six hundred and forty-eight thousand dollars each. Each bar was worth ten thousand eight hundred dollars.
Representatives of the Meetinghouse and the Lodge were on hand bright and early the third morning, and each loaded their wagons with sixty bars or eighteen hundred pounds of gold. The disposition of their individual shares of gold is going to be up to the members of the Meetinghouse and the Brothers of the Lodge.
Robert and Luke are standing outside the Mill’s large sliding door as the wagons drive away bearing their heavy load of gold. Robert smiles, “Come on Luke, back that wagon up to the door we need to get our gold and get on home. The folks are dying to see it!”
Luke was standing in the wagon, and the men from the Mill pass the bars along until they get to Robert. Robert hands them to Luke, who is stacking them in the wagon. As each bar of gold passes through the Mill workers hands they are touching a fortune they know they will never have. 
As the last gold bar is passed to Robert, he turns to the workers in the Mill, “Jethro, Rube and Dan’l you all have been faithful and loyal to our family and to the Mill. Without you we could never have gotten it going. Y’all stayed even when there were times when we did not have enough money to pay you. We really appreciate you, and we will never forget what you all did. To say thank you,” Robert stops talking, takes the last two bars of gold and hands them back to Jethro, “Here sell these two bars of gold. You, Rube and Dan’l divide one of them and split the other with the workers of the mill.” 
The other workmen gathered around Jethro sticking out their old, black, dirty hands to touch the shiny gold bars. “Well, I do declare!” Jethro said holding the two gold bars up into the air. “Youse mean these here two bars of gold be ours, all ours?”
You all deserve it.” Laughed Robert adding, “Don’t spend it all in one place now, you hear.”
Back up on the wagon seat Robert says to Luke, “Let’s go home, but stop at the bank first. There’s something I need to do.”
Luke ties the mules to the hitching post in front of the Scarlettsville National Bank. Robert slides a bar of gold into a burlap sack and enters the bank building. Asking the first teller he came to, “May I see the bank’s president?”
Opening the president’s door Robert exchanged pleasantries and begins, “Mr. Scott I wish to borrow ten thousand dollars from your bank. What is the interest rate?”
“Uh, three per cent Mr. Scarburg, but ten thousand dollars! Sir, Scarlett’s main house has burnt to the ground. It is worthless, and it will be worthless for a couple of years more, before you will get out a paying crop. You are recently returned from the Army, I don’t believe that Confederate Army suit of yours has much value now, and none of the rest of your family has anything of value to back up this loan, I assume. Besides, this would be the largest loan our bank has ever taken. No sir, no sir’ree bob, can’t do it! Won’t do it!”
“You reckon this would be sufficient collateral to cover that loan,” Robert said flopping the heavy burlap sack down on his desk with a thud? Mr. Scott slowly pulls apart the opening to the bag, peers inside, pauses, “Oh my!” Looking once again, he pulls the gold bar from the sack, looks at Robert, “Yes Sir, Mr. Scarburg, I believe this will more than cover your ten thousand loan! My, oh my, how much does this bar weigh Mr. Scarburg?” He said emphasizing the Mister in his address to Robert.
“Just thirty pounds Mr. Scott! That’s all!”
Opening the bank’s large safe Mr. Scott asked, “Ten thousand dollars is a lot of money Mr. Scarburg, what do you intend to do with such a large amount of cash?”
“A number of things Mr. Scott, but right now I’m going to get started rebuilding Scarlett, and there’s a manufacturing company I want to help out up in Pennsylvania. And there might be a few other things I need to buy like a ‘yo-yo’ thingy, a ‘hoop-de-hoop’, some balls, marbles, and dolls!”
One would have to be blind not to see the look of amazement on Mr. Scott’s face.
Stepping back upon the wagon, Robert tells Luke to stop at the lumberyard. Robert jumps from the wagon goes into the yard’s office and returns in a few minutes. “What was that all about Father?”
“Tomorrow their workmen will begin rebuilding Scarlett. I want it returned to its previous glory. No, even better.”
“So you’re going to supervise the rebuilding of Scarlett, huh?”
“In a while, maybe, but Son right now I want you, Nate and me to make a little trip to our farm in Alabama. Will you go with me? I have already asked Nate, and he is willing to go.”
“Well, yes of course Father, if you want, but why would we want to go back down there, we no longer own the farm.”
“You, Nate and I have to take care of some unfinished business.”
Back at the carriage house the women are preparing supper as Robert and Luke return. Robert is carrying a rather large burlap sack. Standing at the kitchen table, Malinda asked what was in the sack? Walking over to the table Robert empties its contents all over the tabletop, hundreds and hundreds of five, ten, twenty and hundred-dollar bills fall from the sack upon the table. Grabbing a handful he pitches them into the air, “This is what is in the sack Mother, and there’s plenty more where these came from.”
The women could not believe their eyes; money was flying everywhere, on the table, on the floor, and even in the stew they were having for supper. “Robert Scarburg have you gone crazy,” Malinda said going around the room snatching up the money. “If you had to realize what Sary and I had to go through just for one of these bills during the War you would be ashamed. Why in one minute I can pick up enough money to pay the taxes on our farm for years. For years, I say! If Sary and I had just a small portion of this money, we could have kept that scoundrel Louie Labeau from taking our farm away.”
“Speaking of the farm Malinda Luke, Nate and I have decided to make a little trip back to Alabama.”
“Back! I can’t for the life of me think why you would do such a thing!”
“I need to repay Doctor Crawford for the money he let you have during my absence and to thank him personally for the care he gave my family while I was gone. Nate wants to visit his Pa and brother’s graves too.”
“Oh, Robert the few dollars that Doc Crawford gave us was a gift. He did not expect any repay, and Uncle Jed and Jefferson are resting peacefully underneath that red oak at the edge of the yard along with our little darling Margaret.”
“No, no! I will not let any debt of mine go unpaid! You forget, Nate has never seen the burial place of his Pa and brother.” 
“Wait! Wait just a minute Robert Scarburg, you’re not going back only to repay Doc and to let Nate see those graves, you are going after Louie Labeau! I know you! Tell me I’m wrong! Robert that man is dangerous and mean; he will kill you and probably Luke and Nate too. Please, I beg you, don’t go. I prayed to God to bring retribution upon that man long ago for what he did to our family, but since you, Luke and Matthew have returned home from the War God has softened my heart. I do not think of Labeau any longer. I cannot lose you, Luke and Nate now.”
“I have to settle accounts...use this money as y’all will. Sary and Ora Lee I have fixed you up with an account at the bank as well, you can draw money from it whenever you need. Malinda there is an account for Elsa and Nate, Jr. too. Mark, Matthew, Kim and Kelly have been taken care of also.”
“I see you have your mind made up, so there isn’t any need for me to try and change it. When are you leaving?”
“Luke, Nate and I are saddling up first thing in the morning. Don’t worry we’ll be back in a few weeks, a month at the most. I’m sorry Malinda, sometimes, as you have always said: a man has to do what a man has to do. Oh, I almost forgot; tomorrow the workers will arrive to begin cleaning up and start rebuilding Scarlett. Anything, and everything you want just let Kerman Whitaker the superintendent of the building project know. Build it as glorious and as beautiful as you can image, but one important thing – I want a crew of his to burn all those slave quarters out behind the main house. After the cleanup, I want good, clean houses built for our workers. Workers we will hire to run Scarlett when I return.”
The next morning as Robert, Nate and Luke have their horses loaded and carry a spare loaded down with supplies. They mount and are about to say their goodbyes when Malinda walks from the porch into the yard.
“In a terrible dream, I had last night I saw a tragedy befall you my Darling. The dream was about you, Luke, Nate and Louie Labeau, but I will not describe the particulars, other than to say it concerned handguns and our old farm. I just feel our happy days here at Scarlett are finished. I’m sorry Robert, but when you and the boys left to go to war, I always believed in my heart you would come back. 
Last night my dream showed you, Luke and Nate confronting Labeau, and I saw him pull his gun. I saw blood running on the ground. I tried this morning not to dwell on it, but it bears heavy on my soul; the sadness is almost unbearable. I prayed to God I would not be consigned to live out the rest of my life without you, but alas, if my dream comes true, your fate is sealed, all I can say is ‘Goodbye my Love’... forever.” 

BACK IN ALABAMA

A couple of weeks later they approach the outskirts of the town of Albertville. “First stop,” said Robert, “is the postal office.”
Opening the door Robert walks over to the counter. The clerk looks up from his duties and asks if he can help. Robert replies, “You work here by yourself?”
“Yes ’er,” the clerk answers, “we ain’t the size town where the postal office is a very busy place.”
“How long have you been working here? Were you working here during the War?”
“Well sir, let me think, going on about ten years I reckon, and yeah, I was here during our recent terrible ordeal.”
Hearing that Robert reaches across the counter, grabs the clerk’s shirt with both hands and jerks him across the counter to the wooden floor. The clerk tries to regain his feet, but Robert smashes his face with his fist knocking him to the floor again.
On his hands and knees, blood dripping from his nose, he raises up one arm, “Now hold on Mister you had no call to go and do that! I ain’t got no money in here.” 
“I’m not robbing you, you idiot,” as another fist drives the clerk to the floor. Half unconscious the man stammers, “Wh...wh...what have I don...don...done to you Mister?”
“Nothing! You haven’t done anything to me! I’ve never laid eyes on you before in my life,” he says grabbing the man by the hair of his head and landing another solid, skin cutting, punch to his right eye.
Lying on the floor in his own blood, he barely whispers, “If not you... who have... I done something too?”
Kicking him in the ribs, Robert replies, “My wife, you low-down sorry excuse for a man...my wife!”
Moaning and unable to breathe he mutters he doesn’t know Robert’s wife. 
Another swift kick and Robert answers, “Malinda Scarburg, you know her don’t you?” 
Kicking him again the man barely whispers, “Yes...yes, I knew her, but I was only following Louie Labeau’s orders. He had me keep all her letters she tried to post...,” Stopping for a second to catch his breath, “...and no letters was ever delivered to her house.”
Stepping on the man’s hand Robert spins around grinding his spur in to the clerk’s hand and fingers, “Where? Where are my letters?”
Now the clerk is beyond talking, he barely raises an arm and with his mangled, blood dripping, index finger points to the letter rack behind the counter. Robert jumps across the counter and notices one cubbyhole filled with letters. The clerk is correct they are all Robert and Malinda’s letters, nearly three years worth.
Back across the counter he stands over the clerk who is grimacing in pain. Blood has pooled on the floor; he coughs, spitting out a couple of teeth. “I guess the next time you think about holding on to someone’s mail you’ll give it a second thought. In fact, I suggest you find another line of work; you’re not very good at this one. Have a good day,” kicking him one last time he steps over the man’s lifeless body and returns to Luke and Nate waiting outside.
“What took you so long?”
“Me and the postal clerk had an enlightening conversation concerning the protocol of mail delivery.”
“Did youse straighten him out Mister Robert.”
“Yeah Nate, I believe the young man now sees the error of his ways.” 
Reining their horses around Robert, Luke and Nate head out of town on Rock Springs Road to Doctor Crawford’s place.
Riding into the yard and up to the hitching post Robert yells, “Doc Crawford...hey Doc, you old coot. It’s Robert Scarburg.”
The door opens partially and from behind the screen Doc calls out, “Well I’ll be, if it ain’t Robert Scarburg, and riding old Blaze too!”
Robert, Luke and Nate dismount and Doc settles them into comfortable chairs on the porch while he brings them cool water to drink. After Nate is introduced Doc asks, “What brings you all the way down here Robert? I did not know you had returned from the War. Are you livin’ in your old place in Carolina.”
“Well, yes and no Doc. We are living at Scarlett for sure, but the main house has long since been burned to the ground by a bunch of army deserters. We are all living in the carriage house.”
“Tell me Robert, what about Matthew? Did he return from the War, I see here Luke got back okay? And Blaze, I see you are riding her; I recognize that large ‘S’ in the martingale on her chest. There’s not another magnificent animal as she.”
“Yeah, Matthew got home, but he’s missing one leg. He’s doing well though so is the rest of the family. Malinda says to give you her love, so does the rest of the family.” 
“Fine folks Robert, you’ve got some fine folks, you sure are missed around here. Every time I past the farm I think of you all. After Malinda lost the farm and left to return to Scarlett I never heard word from her, I’m glad she made it okay.”
“Tell me about the farm Doc. What happened after Malinda left?”
Doc sat there as though studying what to say, and finally begins explaining how Malinda gave him a Quit Claim deed for the farm, but he did not have enough money to pay the taxes. The county judge, sheriff, and Louie Labeau were all in on the plan to steal Robert’s land.
Interrupting, Robert asks about Labeau. Doc tells Robert that Labeau’s parents were a Negro prostitute and a Cajun from Louisiana; in fact, he is a half-breed. As the Commander of the Home Guard, he was ruthless and brutal. 
 Doc continued. Labeau had set his eyes on getting the farm in foreclosure. Doc Crawford explained since arriving from up north the Carpetbagger Judge Slade raised Labeau to a higher position in the pecking order. Labeau had always been number two as Captain of the Home Guard, but he took orders from the local Union commander Major Hilliard now his orders came directly from the Judge. The Judge supposedly worked for the Major, but upon Slade’s arrival Major Hilliard was suddenly transferred, leaving Judge Slade in charge.
Explaining further, Doc said Judge Slade had discovered a saltpeter cave on Robert’s property that was worth a fortune and he wanted the property for himself; this didn’t sit too well with Labeau. One day the Judge and Labeau went hunting and for some unknown reason, the Doc said, winking, the Judge was accidently shot and killed. Later Labeau bought the farm for almost nothing when it came up for auction. Everyone was so terrified of Labeau no one would bid against him.
“I thank you, Doc, but where is this Labeau feller these days?”
“Why Robert! He’s living right up there in your farmhouse. Acts like he is still Commander of the Home Guard. Too big for anyone to touch, so I hear.”
“Well, we’ve got to ride right by the farm on our way back, might just stop in there and say howdy to this Labeau feller.”
“Now hold on Robert, this ain’t no amateur with which you’ll be dealing. He’s a dyed in the wool, bona-fide killer. He’ll kill you at the drop of a hat.”
“I’m not aiming to drop my hat Doc. I just want to see him for myself.”
“Well, if you are set on going up there let me hitch up my buggy, and I’ll ride along with you. He might not be as apt to shoot you with a witness present.”
“Did you ever think he might shoot the witness too Doc?”
“Yeah, that thought did kinda run across my mind,” Doc says frowning.
The three riders and the buggy approach the gate leading up to the Scarburg’s old farmhouse. Robert reins in Blaze and sits with both hands on the saddle horn staring hard up the roadway at the house he and Malinda had built with their sweat and tears. 
“What is it Father? Is something wrong?”
“No, just wanted one good look at the place, and to remember back when we all arrived in ’52. Come on let’s go see this Labeau fellow. When we get up there, Luke let me do the talking – I know you’re hotheaded and might get Labeau stirred up and agitated too much. You heard what Doc said this man is a killer! Just remember, let me do all the talking.” Spurring their horses as Doc slaps his horse’s flank, they enter the open gate and lope at a slow pace up the road to the house.
Entering the yard, as the dust settles, they can see a man sitting on the porch. He is leaned back in a straight chair with his boots resting on the porch rail. He sits upright as the three come to a stop.
Without getting up, Labeau directs his comments to the new strangers, “Welcome to my hacienda Señores. Git off them hosses and come up on my veranda and rest yerselves, I’ll get us a bottle of Tequila.”
Robert remains mounted, “Sir, I can see by your dress and the manner of your speech you must be from Mexico. I salute you Señor,” tipping the brim of his hat. “I am very pleased you are of Mexican descent and are not of that lowly Negro race. I cannot tolerate the Negroes; the only thing worse than one of those black skinned Devils would be a Cajun. Both races are stupid, lazy, and must have the white men, and, of course, the Mexicans to show them how to do everything. Oh, did I mention cowardly? No? They are cowards too.”
Luke sits on his horse listening to his father. ‘Why,’ he thought, ‘is Father saying all these terrible, racist things, he doesn’t believe a word of what he is saying, and Nate is sitting right here on his horse.’
“Oh, I am sorry Señor, there is one other race of people worse than the Negro or the Cajun, that would be a mix of the two – a half-breed! Don’t you agree, my Mexican friend?”
Labeau had taken Robert’s verbal insults too long. He rises from his chair and moves toward the porch steps. “Wait,” said Robert, “I forgot, a half-breed with a prostitute as a mother would rate right up there too. What you think about that, huh Señor?” Robert says the word Señor sarcastically.
Labeau takes a couple of steps across the porch, down the steps and into the yard. His spurs rhythmically jingle each time his boots hit the ground. He tosses the remainder of his cigar to the ground. His hand drops slowly to his six-gun strapped to his leg and slips off the leather throng holding the gun in its holster. He is getting ready to make this gringo eat those words. He is ready to ‘slap leather’. “Señor, why would you come to my house and make such insulting remarks? I would like to know who you are Sir before I kill you?”
“Oh, I’m sorry Señor,” Robert said emphasizing Señor again, “I didn’t introduce myself – maybe you have heard of me, I am Robert... Robert Scarburg.” He let the words slowly flow from his lips.
Stuttering Labeau struggles to speak, “Scar...Scarburg? Are you acquainted with Malinda Scarburg?”
“Yes, I believe I am – I am her husband! You half-breed, low life, worthless piece of horse dung!”
With his right foot still in the stirrup Robert begins to dismount from his horse. He swings his left leg over Blaze’s back, but before his foot touches the ground Labeau goes for his six-gun. A loud deafening, gun blast ensues; however, Labeau has not cleared leather, the gunshot comes from behind Robert. Blue smoke trails from Nate’s gun barrel. His Colt was a fraction of a second faster. He has outdrawn Labeau. 
Labeau takes a staggering step forward, buckles to his knees and looks wide-eyed at Nate. With one hand, he grasps his chest, blood flows through his fingers and runs across his hand and drips onto the ground. He looks down at his bloody hand. He cannot imagine he has been outdrawn, he certainly cannot believe he has been shot. 
Spitting a chaw of tobacco toward the gasping Labeau, Nate wipes the juice from the corner of his mouth with his sleeve and utters, “That one is fer my Pa and brother Jefferson.” 
Nate, taking pleasure now, fires the finishing shot squarely through Labeau’s hand into the center of his chest, about an inch from the hole the first bullet made. “That one is fer shootin’ my Ma. I said I would get you for killin’ my Pa and brother and shootin’ my Ma, consider yourself got, Mister Louie Labeau Commander of the Home Guard.” Labeau falls with a thud facedown on the ground – dead, his hand still clutching his unfired, Colt .44. 
Walking his horse up to Labeau, he looks down and speaks to Labeau’s lifeless body. “The onliest difference twixt them and you,” Nate said pointing with the barrel of his .44, “theys are properly buried over there in that little cemetery under that oak. Youse is gonna lay right there in the dirt and let the crows and ventures pluck yer eyes out, and what’s left the buzzards and worms will take care of. Good riddance Sir!” Nate slips his smoking .44 back into his holster.
Robert walks over, nudges Labeau with the toe of his boot, turns and steps over his slowly cooling, dead body. As Robert’s boot slightly grazes Labeau back, his silver spur jingles; he casually looks down and sees Labeau’s blood seeping out of his body and being soaked up in the soft, dry dirt of the yard. He stops and mutters to Labeau, “You’re blood used to run hot thinking of owning my farm, I hope your blood is enjoying the farm now!” 
Robert meets with Doctor Crawford at his buggy. “Doc,” said Robert, “what now?”
“Robert, as far as the killing of Labeau, I am a well-respected member of this community. My word will not be contested when I tell them Labeau went for his forty-four first, and Nate fired in self-defense.”
“Thanks, Doc, but the killing of Labeau does not bother me in the least. Killing him was no more than killing a fly. Luke, Nate and I have seen so many dead men one more doesn’t even raise an eyebrow. I am thinking of this farm, what will happen to it now?”
“I suppose it will go up for public auction in a couple of months.”
“How much do you think it will sell for Doc?”
“With the War over and the saltpeter mine never materialized, this place is just a house, barn, and the land. I think two or three thousand dollars should about do it.”
Robert opened his saddlebag and handed Doc a stack of money. “Here is five-thousand dollars Doc all U.S. greenbacks, when the farm comes up for sale I would like for you to buy it. Any money left over is yours to keep.”
“Robert when I buy the farm what do you suggest I do with it?”
“Put the deed to the farm in the name of Nate and Isla Scarburg, and send word to me at Scarlett Plantation. Their farm was destroyed during the war, now they need a good, safe place to live. This farm will make them a perfect home if they want it.”
Nate could not contain himself, “Mister Robert, is you sayin’ this big ole farm is gwine to belong to me and Isla?”
“That’s right Nate, but only if you want it. I can help get the saltpeter mine operating for you, Isla and Nate Junior. Y’all should have a comfortable place to live and a good income from the mine.”
“Oh, Mister Robert, you don’t have to convince me – I shore do want it! Yes Sir, me, Elsa and Nate Junior wants it.”
“Doc, I’ll leave it in your hands. Hopefully, sometime in the near future you will have a fine neighbor and a good friend in Nate Scarburg and his beautiful wife, Elsa. Of course,” grinning, “you’ll have to put up with their teenage son Nate Junior, but you survived mine so one more should be a breeze for you. Thank you for all you have already done, and I thank you in advance for your future efforts on mine and Nate’s behave.”
“No thanks are not necessary,” looking at Nate, “Sir it will be an honor and a privilege to have you and your family as neighbors.” 
“Good,” says Robert looking at Labeau lying sprawled out in the dirt, “let’s mount up and get back to Scarlettsville. There’s nothing more to do here. Nate has already cleaned out the trash.”

YEARS LATER

Morning came early this 3rd day of July; the sun has barely appeared in the eastern sky; the cool air of the night is just beginning to be replaced by the hot, dry air of this serene summer morning. 
Standing at Scarlett’s main gate holding hands are Robert and Malinda. His hair is now white as the cotton that once was produced in abundance in Scarlett’s fields. Now he has to gently balance himself on a cane with a handle made of pure Kentucky gold from the Good Luck mine. Malinda, still beautiful as always holds onto him tightly. The years have been good to her. If one did not know, one would think she was twenty years younger. The blonde curls are still there, and he still relishes that whiff of lilac. At their feet, as always, are a couple of Kentuck’s line of pups frolicking about. Scarlett is never without a few of Sam’s Walker coonhounds.
For years this day always begins at Scarlett’s entrance – it has become a tradition. They meet at the gate to memorialize that July day that happened so many years ago at Gettysburg. They take a moment this early morning to give thanks to God for giving them the privilege to experience this Anniversary Day one more time together.
They look across the morning mist hugging close to the lily pad covered pond, up the grassy hill to the once again, stunningly beautiful Scarlett Plantation. All indications of the past conflagrations have been removed, no charred ruins, no debris, not even one burnt brick remain, all that ugliness is now gone and in the past. The six, massive, white Greek columns on the front porch gleam in the rays of the rising morning sun. High upon the hill Scarlett is the first to catch the first glimmer of the morn’s sunlight. Those columns and the four red brick chimneys, two on each side that still bookend the main house, are the only remainders of the old Scarlett. Now they are beautiful examples of how elegant the new Scarlett has become. Scarlett a graceful reminder of the old South’s sophistication before the War for Southern Independence.
However, there is one other feature remaining from the past – the family cemetery. It is peacefully situated off near the edge of the impeccably manicured lawn, near a large oak tree. It has more headstones than before; two of them belong to Uncle Dave and Ora Lee, but otherwise one magnificent stone occupies a prominent place at the very front. It is beautifully engraved simply: 

Sary Scarburg
A most beloved family member

Otherwise the family plot is the same except the wooden fence has been replaced by one of wrought iron. 
As Robert and Malinda watch this morning, they can only think – time has passed by too swiftly, where did all the years go? It seems that only yesterday they were young with their children playing underfoot rather than the coonhounds, yet in a way it seems like ages ago. Again they wonder, ‘How did life slip by so fast’?
Now they are in the autumn of their adventurous life, how much longer will it last? They have no way of knowing, but one thing they realize - when it ends a new adventure will begin. That is the way they have lived their life, that’s what Pappy’s big Bible says, so why should they believe differently now?
Nate and Isla live happily on the farm in Alabama, Nate Junior joined the Army and is fighting Indians out West somewhere; Luke and Catherine have long ago moved back to Kentucky and operate the highly profitable Good Luck gold mine with William as the mine’s Superintendent, he never got to live the good life in Knoxville; Sam married Kelly and they both live in Rochester, Minnesota where Sam uses his share of the gold money helping Doctor Mayo run his clinic; Matthew, Kim, and Mark have moved to New York and established a manufacturing company providing artificial limbs to the Civil War veterans, most without cost. 
All Robert and Malinda’s children are married and gone. No longer can children’s laughter be heard at Scarlett except on those rare occasions when some of the grandchildren or great-grandchildren come for a visit. Yes, they are all now gone - nothing is left but memories, especially of Sary, their lifelong friend and ‘adopted’ family member, who will be with them in spirit until they both die. 
“Isn’t it truly magnificent and so tranquil and serene Robert?”
“I do not know if magnificent is a grandiose enough word, my dear, but I love the word tranquil. I remember back to that terrible day on the battlefield at Gettysburg, the day I truly thought I was dying. Tranquility I prayed for, but serenity could not be applied to the action of those days – brave warriors of the South trying to annihilate the gallant warriors of the North. The battle between our two opposing forces was appalling, the noise was unbearable, the fury was indescribable, and in all that carnage I thought I beheld... beheld...”
“Robert... darling what was it you saw, saw what?” 
Looking deep into her emerald green eyes he softly utters:

“...I beheld another beast coming up out of the earth, and he had two horns like a lamb, and he spake as a dragon.”

###

Other books by Larry Hunt


The P.H.O.T.O. –
The Search (Vol 1)
(A Scarburg Family Adventure)

Reviews:
“Spell-binding novel written by a master craftsman of the English language with a fathomless mind for science fiction, the military, and somewhat of the occult. I could not put the book down till I had consumed it and discovered the truth of the “The P.H.O.T.O”! If you believe in alien technology and the U.S. Government has secrets they do not want known, then this is the novel for you! I do hope that there is a follow on book. Great read and I highly recommend!” Lonnie Joe T.

“Great first book by new author. Well-developed plot with action packed adventure. A little more military detail than I am familiar with but the details give the reader a vivid picture of what is happening. This is an up and coming author whose craft continues to improve in his following novels. He has an unusual style that is a breath of fresh air from all the authors who use the same style in book after book.”

The P.H.O.T.O. –
The Saga Continues (Vol 2)
(A Scarburg Family Adventure)

“The Scarburgs escape the confines of the jungles of Southeast Asia and develops and staffs a CIA black-ops facility know only as S.C.A.R. (Studies Concerning Antiquated Records). This top-secret group uses S.C.A.R. to research and explain events in the Earth’s past history that the Aliens help create.”


21 November 2012 – The Calendar Beckons
(A Scarburg Family Adventure)

 “This adventure finds the Scarburg family, now working for the S.C.A.R. facility, lead by Captain Robert Scarburg, Jr., traveling to Mexico and Egypt to find and unravel the mysterious message the Aliens left as a warning thousands of years ago – 21 December 2012 and its disastrous consequences.”

Justification for Killing
(A Scarburg Family Adventure)

 “This is Larry Hunt’s next chapter in the adventure of the Scarburg family... What if it is November 22, 1963 once again, but this time JFK survives his assassination rendezvous with Lee Harvey Oswald. In this exciting, time-traveling, sci-fi adventure the Scarburg family time-travels to Dallas, TX in an attempt to change Earth’s destiny. To change the future they must make sure JFK is assassinated. Yes, they must make sure the President dies!
Find out what kind of harrowing adventures Captain Scarburg, Forrest, Olive Marie, Bud and Lou must undertake to shift the Earth’s destiny from one Parallel Universe to another.”
