The San Gabriel Years

By

“Mark Paul” Sebar

Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Copyright © 2014 All Rights Reserved
Cover Artwork Copyright © 2014





Sebar Publishing
ISBN 978-1-930246-56-0
Publication Date 09/2014
TX Pending Library of Congress
http://www.sebar.com
Chapters

01 Beginnings Old and New
02 Comancheria
03 The Journey with Friends and Foe
04 Lonely Trail of Tears
05 Eldoradoville
06 Ranch Job
07 Building Growth
08 Monarchs and Water
09 The Water Wars
10 Old Baldy Bruins
11 A Glycerin of Gleason
12 Sky Echo
13 Reunions
14 Times Change

1987 Glendora
Other Sebar Stories

Chapter 01 – Beginnings Old and New

Now let me tell you my life story boy. My days are running down and I come from a distant place when I was a younger one. It was a dreary place here in this Southern California Hospital. Middle of a God Damned World War, flying contraptions, horseless carriages, all alien to a century I had grown and witnessed. On this hot August day with a blue sky, I lay here waiting for the final rest to take me. Perhaps back home with my family and the almighty if he’d have me.
My young days started out in a small town in East Texas, called Henderson. I’d come to meet the old man himself, General James Smith. He was a rugged looking feller, one who kept a tidy appearance. The old man was out and about and I waived with a smile. Now I was only eleven years old at the time and I didn’t know we would be leaving this town; my home for a land far off. The year was 1859 and word had spread across the nation of the California Gold Rush. It seemed that since around the time of my birth in 1848, people was coming all over to scramble to California. Tales of giant nugget of the glittering metal had caused a huge rush west and my dad was no different. We had heard tales of this far off land, the big bright Pacific Ocean, the tall mountains and secluded valleys that rivaled the Garden of Eden itself preached in God’s Holy Bible. Yeah, this new State of California was the hot place to stay, and so plans had been drawn up. We’d start at sunup in a few nights on the weekend after the annual barbecue.
That night, they were dancing and a guy turned the beeves on the skewer as it slow cooked over an open pit fire. The crickets were at full chirp and my folks were socializing. Mom stayed with her friends and they sat watching the dance, while dad downed bourbon, then he took to puffing on a cigar. He was talking to the guys and I couldn’t quite hear what it was about. Mr. Smith was delighting them with war tales I think, and it was laughter. I cautiously made my way to dad’s side and Mr. Smith rubbed my hair with a smile. “Never let em get the best of ya kid,” he winked and he pulled out a hard candy stick, handing it to me. “Yer son here, James, a fine lad,” he added.
“Yeah,” dad replied, placing his arm around my shoulder and pulling me closer while drinking that shot. “He is a fine young man; does his mother proud,” and she smiled at him from where she was seated.
They played a fiddle tune with Irish sounds and Mr. Smith took a deep breath with a polite smile. “The misses is waiving me for a dance,” he told my dad. “I better oblige her this one,” and he left.
“That is a very big man, right their son,” dad told me. “Been in several victorious wars, owns all this land. He’s a part of history.”
“History?” I asked him.
“Man like that makes it,” dad smiled. “Now why don’t ya grab a plate of beans and beef for your mother?”
“Okay dad,” I replied, making my way to a woman at a small log. She grabbed a tin plate and forked on it, a slice of hot beef, then splattered beans. “Thank you,” I told her as she handed the plate to me.
“You are welcome James Cyder,” she replied and I took that plate with a fork and knife to mom.
“Dad wanted me to get this for you mom,” I told her, handing her the plate.
The night wound down and we were packing stuff in the wagon. Dad had sold our cabin and most of the older possessions for this wagon that would be our new home. It was to become a long journey, as our travels would be about 15 miles per day or less. The horses were both old and tired looking and I wondered if dad should have gotten different ones, as I could see the slight worry stamped upon his face.
“You look scared, son,” dad told me.
“Well dad, I am. I ain’t never gone far from this town and it is all new to me. Where will we sleep? How long will this far off land called California take to get to?”
“Oh,” he replied. “I reckon about 6 months, maybe less. All depends on things, how them horses hold up. We might have to stay in some small towns to earn grub so might take longer, but eventually we’ll get there.”
“What about the Indians?” I asked and he squatted down in front of me.
“Remember what I taught you, how to load the powder in the rifle, how to aim and squeeze that trigger.”
“Yeah, I remember.”
“Well if n it does, ya might have to do that, but probably won’t happen at all,” he smiled. “We’ll be heading to a place called Fort Belknap west of here. From there we will pick up a well-traveled trail called the Butterfield Trail. The army regularly patrols it so the chances of running into Indians will be small.”
“Thanks dad. How many days will it take us?”
Mr. Smith approached our wagon, patting the horse on the neck as he made his away around it to us. “About a month,” he commented. “Maybe less. Depends how far you go each day.”
Dad walked around shaking hands with him. “We are going to try for about 20 miles per day, maybe more.”
“I don’t know about it,” Mr. Smith turned an eye to the hitched old Roan. “Old horses and they look a bit tired. I’d say keep em at no more than 15 and stay on the main roads.” General Smith glanced at mom as she brought out blankets and some old pillows. He helped her up into the wagon and dad was a bit jealous but held his tongue. “Well John,” he told dad. “Have a safe journey. Comanche’s been stirring up troubles. If ya stay the trail you should be okay. I’d recommend maybe hitching up with a wagon train. Lotta folks heading California way for that gold.”
“Okay,” my dad grinned. “Thanks.”
Then Mr. Smith bent down and handed me a hard candy stick as he’d done in the past. “Here ya go lad,” he smiled. Standing to face dad and reaching in his pocket, he pulled out a few coins and handed them to dad. “Now, now, you earned em from the project on my plantation, so these are pay.”
Dad glanced at him a moment and he wanted to say something, but swallowed his pride, took a gulp and they shook hands. “Remember,” Mr. Smith again warned. “Stay on that trail.”
“Okay,” dad smiled and Mr. Smith parted. As he walked away, I realized I probably would never see him again or this town. In a sense, it was very sad, the place I’d grown up, disappearing, yet this new land called California seemed large, welcoming and mysterious from what I could gather.

It was the dark of morning and we loaded into the wagon. I turned one last time to glimpse our old home, wishing we could stay, wondering what it would have been like to grow up here amongst the rolling hills and countryside. Dad drew the whip, cracked it and he and mom rode up front as the horses began our journey. The sun rose behind us while the day’s beginning dragged on. We got about 20 miles that day according to dad and it felt odd, alone in this big open country. The spot dad had picked to stake out for the evening, was perfect and near a wooded area with a small stream nearby. Dad and I took the horses while mom tended the campfire, cooking and eats. We walked the horses to the stream and watered them. They were sure thirsty, and they loaded up on the cool running waters. Later we took them and tied them to an old fallen branch near grasses and they ate, filling their bellies with the drier grasses.
When we made camp with the horses. Mom had already cooked up grits and fried eggs and we sat and ate the food. The day had wispy blue skies, and the sun set in the distant west, while I pondered thoughts of the new land. It was indeed a golden sunset and with the distant sky glowing gold, I attributed that to this place called California. It had to be that they had so much gold there that the sky glowed gold much like a lantern, and we were the moths attracted to that bright light of metal and wealth.
Our first night away from town and home felt odd. There was an owl hooting and in the distant a lone coyote howling at a very bright moon. The stars twinkled above our head as we said our prayers and dad had rifle in hand to stand guard over the encampment. I hopped up in the back of the wagon, and mom tucked me in under blanket and she slept on the other side.
Sunup came early that morning and I heard a distant gunshot from a rifle. Mom was already out cooking and pa returned with a bird in hand. He tossed it to her and she took knife to it. We ate hardily and loaded up camp for day two. It was particularly warm this day and the high sun in midday caused a small detour to a creek. Pa and I unhitched the horses and watered them, before hitching them up again. Then we made tail towards the northwest of his compass and got about thirty fast hard miles worth of travel.
Three days had passed since that first night and the landscape had changed. There were wooded areas, but they had become sparser as we headed west and north towards Fort Belknap. Dad had tended to keeping us always from other campfires as the area was rife with people willing to rob, murder and jump ya every chance they got, so we kept to our selves and kept the fire out at night as not to give away our presence to others when it could be done. The days also seemed to be getting hotter as we headed further west, and I wondered if it was all that gold they had in California that might be making things hot. After all, it was similar to the sunsets we’d watched each evening.
The following morning we were getting up when we heard the sound of galloping horses in the distance to the west, ahead where we were headed. None of us knew what to make of it, except there were quite a few hooves on the open country and they grew louder each passing moment. Dad got his rifle and exited the back of the wagon, then turned to us, motioning us to stay inside as he walked toward the front of it.
I couldn’t help but crawl up front to take a peak from under the driver’s bench seat and it was a welcomed sight. They were in blue uniforms and they appeared to be soldiers from the states of America. I watched them approach and their captain sat atop his horse as dad approached, his rifle now lame in his hands.
“Hello the camp,” the lead commander called aloud. He walked his lone horse towards dad while the others waited behind. “Where you folks be headed?”
“Fort Belknap,” dad replied. “We were hoping to pickup the Butterfield Trail to California.”
“Been problems in Indian Country west of the fort. Ya might want to pair up with a wagon train, at least give ya a fighting chance. Comanche’s been raiding and killin’ folks like you people out west.”
“We’ve been keeping a dark camp at night, tending to ourselves,” dad replied.
“Well, best be on your guard once you leave the fort,” he reminded him. Then he took a gander around at the open country. “Great Republic of Texas. I reckon yer heading west for that gold rush in California?”
“Well yes, we are,” dad seemed a bit surprised.
“Don’t surprise me none, lotsa folks got that same fever. Well, you folks stay with a wagon train if ya can. That California land is far off and lotsa bad people and injuns between here and there.”
“Thanks,” dad fixed his hat with a smile.
The commander turned his horse to glimpse us one more time and then rode back to his troop and they galloped east of us. I sneezed and dad turned to me. “You don’t have to hide,” he grinned.
Twelve days later we had come quite a distance, pausing that night by a dry creek. The area was mostly desert like, with brush and weeds here and there, and there were some rolling shallow hills before us. “Dad, how much further?” I asked.
My dad was never the type to show worry, but at this moment I could read it on his face. Were we lost, far from what was our home or was this Fort Belkner closer than we thought? “Tomorrow morning, I’ll hike that hill and see what lies ahead,” he replied, patting me gently on the top of my head. He checked his compass, flipping it open and stared up at the North Star in the heavens as nightfall was upon us. We could hear crickets all about us, and every now and then a distant coyote calling, and once in a while rattles from near by. It indeed seemed spooky to us yet dad never lost faith. Mom cooked us beans on ration and also rationed the water that was nearly gone. The horses had water in the morning, but none tonight and they were tired. One of them chewed on a scrub bush while the other gazed around, ears pricked up.
Dad grabbed his rifle and stood up, facing in the direction the horse was looking which was south of us. “You and your mom better arm yourselves in the wagon for the night—I’ll stay guard till morning.”
“What is it?” mom asked.
“Not sure,” dad answered her, “but one thing I’m sure of is that Fort shouldn’t be too far away.”
The rest of the night was a quiet one and come sun up, dad was asleep, rifle in hand, as a horned toad scurried by him. Small, this lizard presented no immediate danger. Mom stepped down and woke dad, who awakened and stood up. This particular day was going to be blistering hot; the air was so dry that each breath parched one’s nose. “You two stay here, oh and get some coffee going. I’m headed to the top of that hill to see if anything is nearby, especially a water source.”
“Can I come?” I asked.
“No,” dad replied. “You stay and help your mother. I’ll be within view and I’ll be back shortly.” He took the rifle in hand, a canteen and hiked toward that hill, while mom made coffee and fried slices of bread in a skillet.
I gazed up to spot a dot of dad ascending that distant hill, highlighted by a clear blue sky, while chewing bread and sipping hot coffee. There was a gentle warm breeze and it blew from the North. The horses were tired, thirsty and I wondered how long they would hold up without water?
Atop that small hill, dad gazed out and he panned the landscape. From where he stood, anything would have been in sight, even if at great distances. He stayed there for a bit and then turned around and began a long hike back to camp. As dad grew near, I could read his expression. Either he was smiling or in great pain and I began to wonder if a rattlesnake had bit him?
He got to camp and it was the former, he was delighted, grabbing mom. He was a bit out of breath but excited nonetheless. “Fort Belknap,” he pointed at that hill. “Road goes to Fort Belknap,” and everyone became excited.
Soon, we were all ready, after packing camp, and he spilled water in a tin pan, which the horses quickly lapped up. Then we got in the wagon and we were off, as the temperature had steadily grown hot.
We rolled down a road around the north side of that tall hill and we could see the fort in the distance. It was maybe a couple of miles away by now and the horses made steady work getting us there. It wasn’t too busy and in fact seemed pretty quiet as we rode into the main yard where others were hold up, including cavalry. “Lets park the wagon over there and son,” dad added. “You and I will take the horses to the trough and water em.” He turned to mom. “Stay with the wagon.”
Chapter 02 – Comancheria

The fort had no walls for protection and I began to wonder if it had been a good idea coming all this way. There were fortified structures and roads seemed to come and go in many directions. Fort Belknap was quite open and it seemed desolate yet active at the same time. No sooner had we watered the horses when a young officer stopped his horse before us. “Where ya be headin’?” he asked in a Scotch accent.
“California,” dad replied.
“Ah, the gold,” he snickered and it was apparent we weren’t the only ones heading that way. “Well best to double up with others. Can’t guarantee your safety. Blasted Comanche’s been raiding, n’ killing good folks like yourselves,” he added. “Best to take the Butterfield Trail, be heavily traveled and better defended.”
“That’s exactly our route,” dad smiled as he pulled the reigns of the horse, tying him to a hitching post. The horse drank from a nearby trough, and night fell as three more wagons with families rolled in from the east. A small garrison of soldiers, mainly Texas Regulars rode in and soon we had a dance, a barbecue, and people drinking and talking. I watched for other kids my age but those families were mainly couples. Therefore, I stayed with the drinking men and listened to my dad and their discussions while mom stayed with the other women.
The talk was mainly about the Comanche Indians and how mean they were. There were so many descriptions of the deaths of their victims, that I couldn’t bear to hear anymore. How they cut of a man’s private parts and shoved them in the guy’s mouth before torturing him and killing him. It was gruesome and no place for a young lad such as I was, yet I had heard just how bad they were. There were a few soldiers and a guy with a beard dressed in a rugged outfit. I guessed he was what they called a scout, probably hired by the other wagons in that group. He got up, after watching me leave and walked towards me. Dad was drunk on whiskey and never noticed mom sitting inside a building, talking with the other women, so I was alone.
“Jim Clancey’s the name,” he smiled as he sat near me on the porch steps of a building.
“Are you a scout of some type?” I asked and he broke a big smile.
“Well yes lad, I am. That was a might smartin’ of ya to figure that out.”
“Not really,” I replied, glancing up in his dark blue eyes. “You are dressed different than the soldiers and the regular folk like us. Mind if I ask you a question?”
“Ask away,” he replied, while making himself comfortable.
“These Indians that everyone is scared of. Are they really as bad as I heard the men talking?”
He took a deep breath, gazing out at the dark landscape. “They are far worse, they are from Satan himself.”
“If I see one, what should I do?”
“Oh, I guess the best advice is to hide if you can, until they have left the area.” He pulled out a smoking pipe and thumbed some snuff in it. Then he lit a match at the end of his pipe and took a few puffs on it. “If ya can find a tumble weed to hide behind or do like another Indian tribe does. They’re called the Apaches. They bury themselves in soft sand until the time is right.”
“Wow, really,” I was really interested now.
“You betchya. Them Apaches bury themselves in sand and wait. Best to cover your face with some clothes before you move dirt over it. Don’t wanna get dirt in yer eyes or mouth.”
“Won’t they know? What if they walk over me?”
“Well, I reckon if that happens, they’d know you were there. Of course, many a wagon train on the Butterfield Trail has gotten to California without any worries at all.”
“Then we probably won’t see anything?”
He took a deep breath of air. Texas is a big open land and there is much distance between where we are all going and here. Odds are we’ll probably be safe.”
I yawned as the night dragged on and mom walked in our direction. The scout stood up and I couldn’t help but notice he fancied mom. He stood up and extended his hat. “Name’s Jim Clancey,” he was polite.
“I am misses Cyder,” she displayed a quick and modest grin of bare tolerance and the scout understood. She turned to me as I stood up. “And you young man, you have a long ride tomorrow.”
“Okay mom,” I turned for the wagon. Then I paused a moment as Mr. Clancey was leaving and mom started following me. “Thank you sir,” I called out and he waived his hand in the hair while he walked away toward the group of men.
The night had been mostly quiet and I slept pretty sound. In my thoughts, I had pondered what a Comanche looked like. From what I had been told, they were big monsters, but I wondered if their view of the settlers such as us were not reciprocated by them.
Sunup came early and I could smell mom cooking fresh beans and bread on the grill. There were some adults talking with dad and he already had the horses watered and hitched up. They were refreshed as they would ever be. I crawled out the back of the wagon. “Mom,” I called.
“Yes,” she turned a moment and smiled. “I have eats ready on the griddle. Your father says we will be moving out after eating with the other wagons.”
Just then, Mr. Clancey come riding up. He tipped his hat to mom with a smile. “Ma~am,” then he turned and glanced down at me from his saddle and winked with a smile. “Gonna be a nice day,” he took out his long glass and scanned the hilltops ahead of us. “Once I get atop those hills, I’ll have a better look at what’s ahead.” Then he folded that long glass into a leather pouch, kicked the horse on the sides with his spurs and bolted forward ahead of the wagons.
We rode a ways and then crossed the Brazos River, allowing the horses as much water as they could take. This place had cut-off small hills, that hid what was ahead and it left me an eerie feeling that these so-called Comanche monsters might be hiding out, waiting to kill my family. I thought in my mind of what Mr. Clancey had mentioned about hiding under loose dirt and gravel, it all made sense. The sun beat down on us as the day drew to an end and we had traveled quite a distance in this hot weather. There were flies all over the place, and these small dirt gnats that kept buzzing around my head.
It was all wide open country with rolling small hills, lots of brush and tumbleweeds, all mixed with a brilliant sundown and warm weather. It had been decided while Mr. Clancey rode ahead before dark, to make night and camp at a large watering hole we found. It would offer us a chance to replenish the horses and our canteens for the trip ahead.
As Mr. Clancey rode in, night was falling and he galloped into camp, dismounting his horse. “No campfire,” he commented.
“You see anything?” Dr. Paul Adams asked He was a tall man with whitish hair and grey mixed together and a long white goatee that discerned his age with grace and an older republic dignity. I felt there was prominence in this man, but of what, I did not know.
“Nope, just a good idea as we are officially inside Comanche country to stay dark.”
“What about cooking our beans and food?” dad asked.
“Use dried goods like jerked beef or eat those beans cold with water.”
Mom stood in utter protest as she faced him. “How inhumane!”
“Better than dead,” Clancey replied. He walked past us to the other wagons.
“I don’t like them,” dad replied as he approached us.
Ten days gone bye and night was soon upon the camp and we rested up. There was a distant howling coyote and not far off, the rattles of a slithering monster itself, a western diamondback. I was in the back of the wagon bedding down as mom tucked me in. “I love you,” she smiled and I winked at her which brought a pleasant smile. Across the way at the other wagons, the men were seated drinking whisky and telling their tall tales. I tried to listen in and some were talking about California and the gold.
Eleven days had passed and we had traveled quite a distance with nothing but open lands in site. Luckily, there were small watering holes with old water the horses drank. The days seemed to grow hotter, the further west we rode, and everyone was tired as Mr. Clancey rode ahead of us to scout the landscape with his rifle and long glass. It seemed this journey was endless. The mesas and open lands appeared to stretch forever under lazy blue skies dotted by lonesome clouds, yet I realized that with each passing day, we were getting closer and closer to the far off land of gold they called California. I realized this, because at the end of the day, the western skies glowed with gold in them and if they glowed like this, then it figured to reason we were headed the right way.
This night felt odd, different somehow. There were no sounds at all, no coyote’s distant howls, no bird noise; it was as if we had entered a giant void that added to the eerie silence of the evening. There was something different and I immediately noticed the ears pricked up on the horses. Because of Mr. Clancey’s wisdom, we kept dark camps at night and the men were on guard to keep a watch. Mr. Clancey approached Paul Adams, his hands at his sides. “Something very wrong,” he informed the good doctor.
“The horses sensed it earlier. You suspecting what I am?”
My father and the others approached the two men. “No sounds?” my dad asked knowing full well what they would reply.
“Something stirring about out there,” Mr. Clancey replied and the camp started becoming alarmed.
I noticed the full moon in the night sky and then knelt down to pray to God for our well-being. “Dear lord, please protect my family, my mother, my dad and myself and the rest of these fine folks from the vicious monsters that come with Satan.” Just then, there was an arrow through the head of our left horse and I ducked for cover. They came riding into camp and a Comanche warrior grabbed my mother as she screamed off into the darkness. My father ran for our wagon and got to the rear of it, grabbing his rifle when an arrow entered his back as I watched from inside it.
The look of death in my father’s eyes as my eyes welt up with tears, and then there were gunshots and these five Comanche’s were gone. Nevertheless, one of them shot a fire arrow at our wagon and it caught fire. I grabbed a big knife, crawled up front in all the noise and cut the remaining horse reigns, jumping onto his back. The Indians were coming back in even more numbers as I lit out of there, heading south in the darkness over desert. The camp was becoming surrounded as the tears rolled on my face and I rode that horse as fast and as hard as I could from there. Where I was going was hard to tell, but it was open land and suddenly the horse tripped and I got thrown into a gully near brush. The horse stood up and took off running as a gunshot whizzed past him. I crouched down, trying not to ball my eyes and wail aloud at the sudden tragedy that had occurred. I was a son without parents and alone out here under the evil full moon and then I remembered what Mr. Clancey had taught me. The sand in this dried gully was loose and I was amongst dried out tumbleweeds. I buried myself and as I did, a scorpion scurried away.
I could hear the horse and there in front of the moon at the edge of the gully was one of them, sitting high atop his mount, a Comanche warrior, the full moon behind him. He glanced around and got off his horse. My heart was trembling; this servant of Satan was almost upon me. Was Mr. Clancey lying, a tall tale about these people? I wondered and as I did, there were more gunshots and he turned away, hopping atop his mount and riding off into the darkness. Why didn’t he find me, why did he leave so fast? It was to be a very long and quiet night. As the evening passed passed into morning, the Moon rose high over my head and then disappeared, and to the east was the crack of sunup.
There were the sound of birds in the distance and the day seemed to start up okay. I stayed hidden, thirsty and hungry as clouds gathered overhead. I didn’t want the devils to come for me and the site of losing my whole family still stung me. It would stay with me till my dying days. I listened and all remained quiet and then I heard a distant crackle of what sounded like thunder as the sky had grown dark during the late afternoon hours. The wind began to pick up and I wondered was this all of the devils coming to look for me. In the distance, I heard a rattlesnake and still as the afternoon gave way to dusk, it began to rain lightly. Thunder was clearly not far off and the night sky lit up with bolts of lightening. I sat up out of the dirt then glanced around.
I stood up from the sand and peeked over the edge of the gully at the open landscape and approaching storm weather and nobody was around except smoldering distant remains of our previous camp. Everything else was barren. The rain started coming down and then it started really coming down heavy and the cold water drenched me. I cupped my hands and drank as much water as I could and then I realized we had a canteen and cups at our old wagon. Did the Comanche’s take that?
With nobody in site, I hiked back to the remains and there were the smoldering wrecks of the wagons. When I got to ours, I noticed there were no bodies, not even my dad’s. These devils had taken them in the night. I went to what was left and found a tin cup and in the dirt below where our wagon once stood, the old metal canteen of dad’s. There was something else in the dirt and burned wood and it glimmered for a moment. It was mom’s locket with her small portrait in it with dad. Made of a silver metal, I flipped it open and burst into tears and the lightening lit up the coming night, while thunder boomed and God had answered a part of my prayers.
This night had been different from last night as a distant howl occurred and the crickets and bugs were about. I felt it was going to be a long night and realized that staying here might not be a great idea, yet where was I to go?
I was able to pull water from a runoff and refill the canteen and used the cup to catch even more water. As for food, I remembered our dried goods in the tin box and there it was in the ash, quite badly burned, but inside it was some jerked beef. There were no guns around and the horses and everything else that didn’t burn was gone. It was dark and they came at night like demons. I waited and then started out back for that gully again. When I reached it, there was a raging river of water and over my shoulder was the full Moon. I hiked in the direction I thought was west along this raging river, drank water, and then refilled the canteen. My shoes were hurting my feet and I could hear rattlesnakes as I approached in their direction. Finally, I came to some big rocks and put down over there in the torrid of rain falling.
I had been sleeping, and the storm was long gone when I thought I heard something nearby. I tucked myself in between the rocks and stayed mum for the moment, my heart beating in fear. Was it a devil come to reclaim me? I heard the sound again and the crack of dawn and this new day had begun. The storm from the night had moved east as I listened and heard the sound again. It sounded like a hoof on a rock, clacking. Did the devils use horseshoes or was it someone else? I took my time and it had not come for me, and as slowly as the morning arrived, I popped my head up. It was our old roan and he was just standing there sipping water from a puddle that was quickly drying up. This was going to be a hot day and I could feel it. I took a bite of the jerked beef and a good drink of water. I opened that locket of my parents and stared at it a moment. Then I closed it and gazed in every direction and there was nobody. It was wide open and I knew where the west was. Gathering myself, I made my way to our old horse and he recognized me, staying put. He continued drinking water and then glanced up at me and the two of us as old friends bonded for that moment. I put my hand out and he just stood there as I walked slowly to him, taking the leather reigns. The saddle and blanket were still atop him and so I stuck my foot in that saddle and got on top of him. Gently kicking my heels, he started off in a normal gait and I pointed him west across the lonely landscape. It was a long day and I remembered how dad stopped for water. Towards night, we were still in the open and I let him wander a bit to some dead grasses which he ate. Not far was a large but shallow pond and I led him there where he drank the water from the previous night’s storm. It had some old trees near it. That Moon wasn’t quite as full as two nights ago, but it still had a lot in it and I heard the distant howls of wolves on the plains. They were very different from that of a coyote’s yip and I knew that wolves ate people. The stories were utterly hideous, but dad had told me that this was the main difference between a coyote and a wolf. Nearby was a big rattlesnake and he just rattled away on the other side of the small pond. I ignored him for now as the horse stood there, his ears pricked up. He wasn’t too happy at the sound of those wolves and I didn’t blame him one bit.
The howls seemed to get closer at one point, and further away and as the night continued, so did the crickets and that reassured me the evil ones would not be here, or so I hoped. I decided to stay the night up in a tree and the largest one had a nice set of branches and leaves and I ascended it while the horse was tied to a smaller tree. I got up in the branch and fell asleep in a comfortable position. It wasn’t long that I was sleeping and I had a dream of the horrors from several evenings past at what happened, my mother’s voice screaming as she disappeared, my father’s eyes before his death—staring at me. Then suddenly boom! I was on the ground and it was morning at sunrise. I had fallen from the tree and at the feet of an Indian. He had my horse and his horse in hand and he was alone as I backed into the tree trunk in utter fear of my life. The evil ones had come for me. Of course, I grabbed for my knife and he tossed it at my feet with a modest smile of satisfaction. I took the knife and he tossed my horses reigns at me as I stood up, ready to fight. But this old man did not want a fight.
“I know you are going to kill me, but I will defend my family honor,” I threatened and he took a step backwards.
He started speaking to me in that Indian tongue I could not understand but after a moment pointed west. Then he added some words that did make sense to me. “American El Paso,” he pointed and I became interested and relaxed. He offered me a piece of a fruit I had never seen and I was afraid he would take my arm and then kill me. But, this was not to pass. He again extended his hand with the fruit, then took a bite of it and again extended the fruit.
“You’re a Comanche and I ain’t taken that poison,” I replied.
“No, uh, Comanche,” he again insisted I try his fruit. “Tigua,” he smiled politely exposing the biggest set of teeth I had ever seen.
“No Comanche?” I asked, my tone a bit more eased. Could this Tigua be a new Indian tribe from this area I wondered? “Tigua?”
He nodded, pointed “El Paso, Tigua, American.”
I put my knife away and took his fruit and he smiled and stood back taking another one for himself. He tapped the spot on his chest over his heart and repeated with a proud smile, “Tigua.”
I did the same and told him my name, “James.”
Then he pointed at himself and told me his name. “Mariano.” He took out another small kerchief and in it were crushed nuts of some type. Mariano took one, placed it in his mouth and ate one. He took a nut and handed it to me. Eat—he motioned with his hand gesture mixed with a polite smile and I tried it. Wasn’t too bad.
I took out a piece of my jerked beef and tore a small piece of the hard meat and pushed it to him in my hand as a good gesture. He took it and studied it a moment, then took a bit of it and chewed it. He looked at the remaining little bit, and then ate that piece. “El Paso,” he pointed as he got up on his pony.
“El Paso,” I smiled and got on my old horse. “No Comanches.”
“No Comanches,” he replied and we started riding west again, the hot sun now overhead as the horses walked at a steady but slow gait.
The remaining days we saw nobody and he rode me to the edge of El Paso and then turned his pony south and waived at me. Before we parted, he gave me a rope necklace with a brilliant red stone on it. I took it and placed it over my head with a smile. If it had not been for that old man, I would have perished in Comancheria. God answered a part of my prayers. My journey had continued and while my parents were goners, I would do them proud and continue on.

Mr. Clancey rode at the head of a long brigade of soldiers and Texas Rangers. They were not far now as the hill was before them.
The women were all tied up, some shaved and bruised by severe skin burns. Elizabeth Cyder had been sparred this by the chief of this Comanche tribe branch. She was in poor shape, beaten but still alive as the smoke rose from the campfire. She’d never lost hope of her husband nor son, yet were they even alive? The Comanche had no penchant for males. One woman screamed in the near distant as the Comanche women tortured her with fire and that’s when the large cavalry came rushing downhill, catching this tribe by surprise. The men came fast and furious into camp shooting the Comanche women, children and braves where they stood. Soldiers used their swords to cut free the living from their captors and with few infantry deaths this small battle was over almost before it began.
Clancey immediately recognized my mother and he walked to her, cutting her loose. “Ma~am,” he tipped his hat as a sergeant rode up. “I think we got em all,” Clancey told him.
“My husband, my son?” mom asked.
“I saw it, they shot your husband,” Clancey replied. “Then drug his corpse behind their horse, for God knows what reason the heathens had. Your son lit out of camp on a horse and a Comanche warrior followed.”
“Then he is still alive?” she broke into tears of joy and wonder.
“Possibly…if he followed my advice. There is still a chance the Comanche got him though.”
“If he lived, where could he be?”
“If he’s wanderin’ out there,” the sergeant chimed in, “he’d be just about anywhere. No water and it is an agonizing death. Texas is a very big land.”
“No,” she rolled her eyes to Clancey. “He is a smart young man. He would try to find El Paso where we were headed.”
“That’s still a very long ride for a young lad to take,” Clancey reminded her.
“I must get to this town El Paso,” she stood up. “With my husband dead, he is my other family member and I must get to El Paso.”
“I was heading that way myself after this battle,” Clancey winked at the sergeant. “Sergeant, ya wouldn’t mind providing one of them Comanche mounts for the lady n me, would ya?”
“Take your pick, some extra saddles and blankets over there,” he pointed where they had looted others.
“Okay,” Mr. Clancey got down off his mount and walked to the pile, picking a finely made quality and comfortable saddle for my mother’s horse. He secured the reigns and the animal to a small sapling and mounted the saddle atop a blanket on the horses back. “Ma~am, this’ll get you there. Fine animal is this horse.” She walked to the animal and Clancey helped my mother get her foot up in the stirrup. They watched the remaining mop up and the other freed women as soldiers attended to them. “Well,” he winked at her. “We got a boy to find so let’s get going. Quite a few days ride to do.”
Chapter 03 – The Journey with Friends and Foe

This town was very different from any I had seen before as I rode in on my horse. This was the first large town I had seen for quite some time. It had an old Spanish Mission and it also had a bunch of old buildings, many adobes and pueblos of sorts. My first thing was to water my horse. He was tired and I knew he could use a good drink, so I rode him to a building with troughs in front of the porch. I led him there and he was a might bit thirsty. He was my first priority as with him, I at least had transportation, and he had saved me from the hot deserts in Comanche Country. For the most part, the town had some people here and there, but was fairly quiet. I quickly learned of grasses north at the edge of town and realized my old horse had dinner waiting there after he drank a good sip.
Night was coming as he ate on grasses and that filled his belly some. However, my own hunger had set in as well. I spotted a desert hare and after a bit of waiting, used a rock to get my own dinner. Pulling my knife, I made fast work of it and soon dined on a fine meal, sipping from a canteen some fresh pumped well water from the center of town. I kept my horse tied all night at what seemed an old hotel of sorts. It’s where I saw a stage drop passengers off earlier in the day, so I reckoned my horse would be safe there. In between two buildings, I cuddled away for the night and dosed off. I was truly on my own for the time being, but safer than I had been back in Comanche Country, and at least I had a fresh water resource with the Rio Grande River near by.
It was late and I spotted a tall fellow arguing outside a building across the street and down about half a block. Someone called him a card cheat and it was loud enough to awaken me from my sleep. I glanced over and my horse was still tied where I left him. The well-dressed guy, mister fancy duds the card player, waived it off and walked away and I dosed back off to sleep for the early morning.
The next morning I was up early and I discovered a new job rubbing cowboy boots to a spit shine. It was enough to earn me some eats and I was sure glad to get some real grub. Hunting was okay, but nothing beat flapjacks with syrup and what the elders all drank, coffee. Over the next few days, I had worked enough people to get together a small poke of cash. I always took good care of my old friend, but I began to wonder if he would make it with me to this golden land of California. I got to know the card cheater Snidely, and he was actually a very nice guy. He was a salesman formerly from of all places, New York City across the country. Formerly he sold precious stones, some I’d never heard their names before like Jade, says it was real green and another one real blue called a Sapphire. I found it fascinating and we got to talking about the one stone that everyone wanted and that was gold. Turns out, he was about ready to leave on a stage the next day or two.
“Can I make the journey with you people?” I asked him.
Snidely gazed at my old horse. “The stage moves at a pretty good speed especially through the western half of New Mexico territory. Gets really hot there, and then there are Indians, not as bad as the Comanche. These are Apaches. They can be trouble too, but some have also been of great help as well.”
“Tell me more about these Apache Indians, I ain’t heard much about em.”
“Me neither,” Snidely replied. “Heard it depends which group you run into, hit and miss. Had not heard much else.”
“How long does it take to get to California from here?”
“About a month give or take,” Snidely replied. “Of course it all depends on many things, but averaging 100 miles a day, about a week at most. Around 600 miles west of here, but then again if you followed, I doubt your horse could keep up.”
I turned and glanced at him. “He’s pretty old and tired, and if anything happened I would be in the open wild country again by myself.”
“It is no place for a kid,” he rubbed my head. “Plus, that stage is almost 200 dollars,” he winked. “And I’m guessing you don’t have that.”
“No sir, I don’t,” I told him. I was beginning to feel a bit helpless here, wondering if I would ever make it out of this small town in the middle of nowhere. Was I to remain here my whole life, growing old in this town, or was I going to take a chance? “When are you going to be leaving, what day?”
“In two days a stage is coming. It might be best if you worked something out and saved some money for a stage ride, or at least a fresh horse.”
“Thanks,” I stood up and turned to my horse. “But I am determined to see that state that shines like gold to the west. Maybe I can dig for some gold and get rich.”
“Now yer thinking kid,” he winked and pointed at me with a big smile.
The remaining day, I brought my horse out, and he ate some grasses and then I watered him at the trough. I watched the people coming and going from the cantina and kept my horse tied in front of the same place.

Elizabeth had a blanket and Mr. Clancey sat with her below the stars near a single old tree. “How far?” she asked.
“Three days tops to El Paso. But I’m beggin’ the misses, don’t get your hopes up. He might have succumbed elsewhere or to others,” Jim smiled politely, dowsing the flames and turning their camp cold.

The following day I filled my old canteen with water on the outskirts of town while grazing the horse. He had put on a few pounds and he wasn’t thirsty anymore. I went to the sheriff’s office and asked if they had a map of the Butterfield Route and one of them drew it out, well sort of. It seemed a given, I just follow the sun up, and then over the sky, and then where it sets, that is California. They told me if I stayed the Butterfield Trail, about every thirty miles or so, there would be water. It renewed my idea of travel again. There must have been a reason I was spared the God awful slaying by the Comanche’s and this seemed it.
I walked around my old friend and rubbed his face hairs. “Tomorrow, you and I will leave this town and continue our trek to California.” He snorted a moment, dropped his head for a second like a nod and then stood there as I gazed out at the dusty street and a distant horse rider or two. The day had gone by and from what little I had gotten here, I saved enough for some eats and a new knife. While I didn’t have a gun, the knife would be handy for certain situations. If there were robbers out there or even Indians, there wouldn’t be much they could take from me. Old horse, a few little knick-knacks, but not much more. As for me, I was a sort of runt so I probably wouldn’t be of much importance.
The rest of the day was slow and lazy and I thought a few moments about what might have ever happened to mom. Where she was, what she was doing, my father’s body, where it had gone, our lives, how they might have turned up in California? It had all been so recent, happened so quickly that it was almost beyond belief how my fortunes were changing by the day, yet they were. I spotted Snidely exiting the little gambling adobe where he usually made his monies. I waived at him, and he smiled and waived back. Then he stopped a moment and turned toward me.
“Well young lad, how do you fare today?” he grinned.
“Okay I suppose. I sure wish I could travel in style with you to California.”
“Well,” his grin deepened. “You need to be a speculator, or maybe a card shark like me for that sort of thing.”
“Speculator, what’s that?”
“That is someone who does everything. Mining, hunting, lawman, scouting a whole bunch of things or,” he winked. “You can learn how to play cards and gamble.”
“Does a speculator do that gambling as well?”
He paused in thought a moment. “If they have money and want to make more, I guess they would.”
“I wanna be a speculator,” I told him and he pulled out a wad of bills the likes of which I’d never seen before.
“Tomorrow morning when the stage comes, you grab my bags and bring em from the hotel and I’ll pay you earnings for that work.” Then he turned and walked away into the hotel and I prepped a blanket alongside the alley for the cool night.
After dark, there was a bin and I noticed where the cooks threw scraps for the local dogs that gobbled em up. I decided to grab a scrap for myself of meat and got there before the dogs. I lit a small fire, stuck the used meet onto a stick, and cooked it a lot, burning off excessive fat. Between the pieces I got and my canteen of water, I was good and I slept on a good belly that night. I slept like a baby through that night and as the new day arrived, I yawned and took a deep breath. It was starting out with blue skies, wispy thin white clouds and a wide opened land. I remembered my promise to Snidely, his bags before the stage arrived.
I got myself together and made it to the hotel desk. The Clerk peered down at me. “Yes?”
“Mr. Snidely asked me to get his bags down for the stage,” I told him.
“You’re a bit early young man. The stage doesn’t arrive till noon,” he informed me. “About three hours from now. As for our guest, he’s up stairs.”
“Well, I’ll water my horse, then I’ll be back for Snidely’s baggage before noon.” I turned and walked out to my horse, took his reigns and walked him to the trough where he drank more water. Then I slowly rode him to the outskirts of town where I let him eat dried grasses.
After that, I reckoned some time had passed and rode him back into town on a full belly. I spotted a guy named Anson Mills, walking the opposite side of the road. Heard him talking to the sheriff the day earlier and he waived at me with a smile. I waived back as I brought my horse to the hotel front, tying him to the hitching post. In the main lobby area was Snidely and he looked sharp, all dressed up in his suit and tie. He was refreshed for his journey and all set to go. He pointed at the stairs and tossed me his room key.
I ran up those stairs and got all of his bags, everything I could find and brought em out before him on the front porch. I was so tired but I had earned my keep and what he did next as the stage arrived was something that never happened to me before. They loaded those belongings of his onto that stage and there were other passengers too. They all started loading and he turned to me and thanked me. I held my hand out for what I had earned, he smacked my hand with a wink and a smile and got into that stage, the door closing behind him.
I stood there betrayed as he tipped his hat, winked with a smile, pointed at me in muse and the stage took off. My jaw just dropped and I was plumb tired. He did not pay me anything even though I honored the work as promised. My dad once told me that a man is only as good as his word and if a man cannot honor their word, then they are no good as a person. They are soulless in God’s eyes, and like the Bible says, the ‘flames of the wicked shall be extinguished.’
I had been in worse situations recently, much worse and now was no time to fold. I made sure to mount my old friend and I got atop him and headed northwest into the remnants of dust from the disappearing Butterfield Stagecoach. The map I had gotten from the hotel stage line people and the route the sheriff’s office drew for me were enough to tell me where I was heading. I kept the Franklin Mountains on my right as I rode into what would become New Mexico Territory that would touch the edge of the gold state of California. It was a beautiful warm, but not hot like Texas, day and a slight breeze blew from behind me, keeping me company along the trail. My old friend walked at a crisp gait, and we made good time. Our first stop was a place called the Cottonwoods Station. It took a bit, but we made it there and I was able to water my friend. He didn’t seem tired much and I realized we’d probably have to bed down for a night. Of course the stage would be long gone, because it traveled both day and night, so I was truly on my own in this new and bold wide-open land of America. There was a certain beauty out here riding, something very desolate yet very heavenly in its simplicity and golden silence. It gave a young man like me, time to think. In a sense, I could almost understand why the Indians lived out here, the peace, the land, the open skies, and the seasons. I am sure they had families too, people they loved.
The next stop would be about 25 miles away. For my horse at a steady ride that would be about two to three hours ride to what they called the Fort Fillmore Station. It was along the East bank of the Rio Grande River and afforded my horse and me, fresh drinking water. It would be sundown by the time we made it and I guessed it was doable. I mounted my old friend and we rode at a steady walk towards this place as had been pointed out to us on the map.
It was dark when we got there, and I could hear the water of the Rio Grande, a welcome sight for two thirsty travelers. We had made it to Fort Fillmore and another stop on the Butterfield Stage route as a new stage pulled to a stop.
It was a quiet night here and we rested, fed and watered down for the evening. There were crickets out this night and I looked in the sky at a shooting star as they called em. Dad used to tell me those things were good luck and nothing ever bad came when you saw one of those.

Elizabeth and Jim arrived in the town of El Paso with the new morning. As they did, they headed for the hotel and prepared for a stay in town, hoping to find me. Of course, this early morning I was on my way out of Fort Fillmore and already made it to Picacho Station. It had been a long and warm ride this morning as the weather heated up. I figured it was all that shining gold from distant California reflecting heat from the sun. There was no other explanation for it. My friend was tiring a bit and so I watered him, gave him an hour’s rest as a new stage passed through and got myself some eats. I realized this was the last natural watering hole around. Resources for the precious liquid would be harder to find once we left here, so I made sure to stock up on my old canteen.
My next trek was a village called Rough and Ready. There was a distant hill to my right so I rode west now along the route as the drawing showed me. This was going to be a short haul, about fifteen miles and it would be getting dark a while after that. I knew it wouldn’t be easy and considered once we got there, of resting my horse for a day before setting out. Wisdom and caution were always to consider on such a bold trek across mainly desert territory.
We started out along the trail and for a long while, it was quite a good ride. I had never realized just how big the west really was. It was quiet out here and rather desolate. I had nobody but the gentle winds at my back to keep my friend and me company. I let him walk at a fast pace and inside of about an hour, we reached Rough and Ready. With the sun still pretty high in the afternoon sky, I continued my trek further west to my next destination point while another stagecoach rambled by us, kicking up dust at a full frenzied speed. Having the stages were great, because I always knew exactly what direction we would be heading. My next route went to a place called Goodsight, which was about a tad over twenty miles west. It would mean getting past the site of “Massacre peak,” so named after a killing a man took upon the local Apache Indians killing the chief and a bunch of his clan. He’d done it with a small swivel gun packed with all sorts of debris. I had been warned that local Apaches had begun attacking stages through that area, though I had no gun on me, just my hunting knife.
I kept as vigilant as possible and watched all about me as I rode at a brisk pace through the Magdalena Gap. If anything bad happened, this was the last place I’d wanna get caught at in an ambush, road thieves or angry Apaches. The sun was now on its late downward trek to dusk so time was working against me. We continued on the Butterfield Trail through the mountains as they declined on the west side to open lands again. I’d made it this far and no bad signs yet. In the distance, I spotted Goodsight Peak and knew by my map there was a station there and some fresh water. My own water was getting low and my horse was probably getting thirsty as well. From there I’d make nightfall and bed down at Cookes Spring Station.
Upon riding for quite some time, I was at the end of the Mimbres Mountains and another stage whisked by and I just followed his dust trail right to the station. Up to my left was the dreaded Massacre Peak, a notorious place of recent attacks by Apaches upon the stages. I was well aware of the horrors of what Indians could do after witnessing my family and the Comanche’s. Night was falling and it would mean waiting till sunup. This was the very last water stop for some distance and what awaited me was about 32 miles of hot desert and canyon riding and now I was in the dreaded realm of the Chiracaua Apaches. Without gun, I wondered what were my chances as a growing kid making it out here alone. There were some soldiers here and they watched me hitch up my old friend as he was beat. “Some hay over there,” one of them pointed to the side of the small station.
“Thanks,” I replied. I took his reigns and led him to a trough of water and he gulped a lot down. He’d been thirsty, quite thirsty and I knew he was hungry as well. After that, I led him to that bail of crushed hay and he ate from it. I watched the setting sun behind what they called Massacre Peak and the rest of the central Mimbres Mountains. It was a sight fixed by God himself, hinting of what California might offer.
There was a gentle breeze that night and the crickets were chirping away. A local coyote howl and the soldiers turned their attention toward the mountains. A stage soon came, loaded with passengers and two soldiers on horseback riding escort. I watched them dismount while the stage horses got watered. It wasn’t long that the stage and the two soldiers were off again and out of there. I watched them eating and one offered me a plate of beans and a cup of fresh coffee. I’d never really taken to coffee, as that was for the older folk, but I obliged em just the same. We all got to talking and I told them about my family, what had happened. They were quite amazed I had survived the Comanche’s at all, but here I was. After that, I bed down near my friend for the night outdoors near the small shed and watched the shooting star overhead.
04 - Lonely Trail Of Tears

I slept well and actually fairly late in the morning. The sun was already high and I had hours of riding ahead, through very dangerous lands as the impression left me. Lifting my blanket, I discovered company, a small yellow stinging lizard. I pushed him away and stood up. He took off with his stinger tail in the air, looking for a new victim I reckoned. I looked at my old friend. He was as refreshed as refreshed could be, and I grabbed his reigns again leading him to water where he took another good drink. My own water was good to go and I even had a bread slice to eat this morning, a leftover from last night’s grub. I sipped a little, fixed my knife and mounted my friend, turning toward the pass. If there was going to be trouble, it would be here and I had no gun.
They all watched as I rode alone toward the pass, in disbelief a young lad such as myself was determined to get to California. As I departed, I rode up the pass and couldn’t help but feel there were many eyes watching me. Not just one set, but quite a few. Call it something extra, but these recent days on the trail and out in the open, my own senses had begun developing this sort of notion when things ain’t right and I suspected this was one of those times. A short time had passed and I was beginning to feel a bit uneasy, had I made a fatal mistake coming this way? Way back, down below me was the stop and I saw a stage back there coming in for water and perhaps fresh horses. I didn’t want to ride my old friend hard just yet. I knew his days were winding down, and that he had gotten me this far was saying a lot.
I got below the place they called Massacre Peak and I paused a moment, dismounting. I had me a notion and I picked this moment to take pause. Massacre Peak was the next tall hill over and there was one on my left now. The trail went on past this and it dawned on me the perfect place for an ambush was the other side of this mountain and Massacre Peak itself. I pondered some thoughts. I had no gun and I was a young lad on my own. What was I to the Apache but an amusement of sorts, something to bide their moment of fun or hatred. I knew the stagecoach would be coming and so continued on at a steady pace as best I could. I rounded the mountain here and on my left was the canyon between this peak and Massacre Peak and in that canyon on horses were about twenty plus Indians and they didn’t look happy. It was getting hot out, and the climb on this road had tired my old friend. Now however, was not the time to wait around, several of their warriors made for me while the rest waited behind and I kicked his sides and off he ran. The road twisted, turned, and then leveled off and he kept his speed up, yet behind me, they were closing fast and one of them fired a rifle shot, the bullet whizzing past me. It was so close, I could feel it piercing the air.
I got around the bend and there they were, about fifteen more of them, all armed and blocking my path. One of them was a great chief. There was nowhere I could go and I stopped, face to face with him as the two apaches from the rear approached me. Their chief was the tallest of them, quite muscular and he had a dark skinned complexion. His hair was long and black and his eyes commanded authority. As they approached, he raised his right hand and walked his horse to mine. He took his hand and ran it over the hair on my head then said something and they all laughed. Then he put his hand on the necklace my friend had given me with the red rock on it. It shined and he studied it a moment and then told the others all something. I couldn’t understand what he said, as he turned to me with comment, again inspecting that rock.
I was terrified as the distant wheels of the stagecoach and horses could be heard. Then he broke a big grin said something else and they all turned from me, heading in a fury towards the sound of that stagecoach and I took this break to ride my friend as fast as I could down the canyon. I could hear the Apaches all whooping and hollering and then many gunshots as the sounds grew faint with distance.
The trail crossed a dried streambed and I crossed that heading south and then west through the lower hills on the southwest side of the range. At these speeds downhill and through the winding canyons, we finally arrived at the western foot of the Mimbres range and it was wide open from there with one lone tall ridge on my left. It was also very, very hot and my friend was tired. I figured at least another twenty miles to go and the sun was high. It seemed this area was mostly open desert with nothing but dried creek bed all over. During different times, they were probably raging with water, yet during this time of year, they were dried. I continued on the trail and soon came upon a smoldering stagecoach. I dismounted and found a fresh canteen of water nearby on the ground. Inside there was a neatly dressed man who was dead. He’d been hacked up pretty bad. I said a quick prayer for his soul and then noticed a bulge in his right cuff. I reached there and found a small gun. Dad once told me that card men carried such things in their sleeves. In his left hand was cash. It seemed maybe he was going to try and buy his way out of this. I took that as well, figuring since he was a goner, it would best be used in my custody. Well, since I had taken some of his belongings, I found a board and did what I thought was right. I pulled his corpse and buried him with the board shoveling sand. I found a woman’s skirt torn inside and used that to fashion two sticks for a cross grave marker for him. Lastly, I checked him and found a wallet with some names. Packing those I went through a broken open chest and found a half a wood bowl there. Shaking the canteen water, I took me a nice swig and then poured some in it for my old friend. He took it up quickly and I gave him a good second shot.
It was lonely in these parts, desolate and wide open. Yet there was an appreciation that had grown on me. I was standing here under blue skies and a gentle breeze beneath a hot sun. I spotted two buzzards overhead, circling just a bit ahead of this. Mounting up, I rode in their direction and there was a dead man on the ground, probably the stage driver, hand still clenching his gun. This was one of the newer six shooters, not a cap and powder gun. It was made of a fancy shining nickel metal. I said peace for him and rolled him into a low spot burying him in sand and no sooner had I done so, then I heard a rattler nearby. I kicked dirt at him and he coiled up in the shade of a rock. I’d taken that fancy gun and holster and it had extra bullets in it.
We’d gotten quite a distant and some small hills were on the left. The sun had started going down as the day had worn on and the stagecoach had never come from behind me. I figured what I came across probably befell the same fate as the stage behind me. I couldn’t help but ponder who that Apache that sat tall in the saddle was. I realized he was someone of prominence and had it not been for my old Indian friend who left me at El Paso and his red rock. I probably would have been killed. Was this God working magic to save me through him? Was he God or perhaps an angel disguised as an Indian?
I wasn’t far from the Ojo De Vaca station now. It had to be somewhere up ahead I reckoned. So we followed the trail with the small hills on our left diminishing, and came to this place. There was a lone old man and his wife here. They were very old people and he was a sort of thin wiry chap dressed in fading duds. Had them new fangled spectacles as his sight had faded over the years. I told them about what happened and the burned out stagecoach I’d found. His name was Mister Clyde Hawkins and his wife seemed a great cook at making eats. They had a few beeves penned up and had recently slaughtered one for steaks. She cooked steaks and we had cooked cacti to go with it. They gave me a tin cup of this stuff called sarsaparilla. It was quite different from anything I’d ever had. Sweet and I noticed it seemed to work like the coffee did. Gave me an extra kicker. We talked about a great many things and it turned out Mr. Hawkins had been in California.
“Ever seen the Pacific Ocean?” he asked.
“Nope sir, can’t say I have.” His wife brought a slice of pie delivered by stage recently. It had apples and I felt at home with these two. I told them what had happened to my mom and dad and they seemed to take pity on me and that’s when my old friend made a loud neigh and then a thud followed by a last sound of him blowing through his lips in a sort of snort. We all got up and went outside and he was dead. Now I was in really big trouble. My only form of transportation was gone and here I was stuck in this desert with worn boots that ached with every step I took.
We took my saddle and managed to work it off him and retrieved my belongings. They brought them inside.
“Mister Hawkins, I’d been meaning to ask. There was I belief a prominent Indian on horse back by Massacre Peak. Any idea who that might have been?”
The misses put her hand over mouth. “Yes I do,” he replied, “but why ain’t ya dead?”
“I’m not sure,” I told them. “He approached me and looked at this rock around my neck and touched it, then left me.”
Mister Hawkins turned and looked at it to. “Obsidian,” he commented. “Apache Tears. Very sacred to them. You can count your britches on that rock saving your life.”
“Yes, but who was he?”
“Sounds to me from who you describe that come across one Mangas Coloradas, an Apache war chief. His tribe is from the Mimbres Mountains and they usually leave no survivors. Wasn’t always that way though.”
“Whaddya mean?”
“There was a time his tribe and him were friendly to whites. Even allied with them till some ranchers and settlers beat him. Been a mean injun ever since. Like I said, consider yourself lucky yer still alive and not scalped. They kill anyone with a hat.”
“And I wasn’t wearing a hat, just this rock.” Now it all made sense to me what he had gotten at. Well the evening passed, it got late and Misses Hawkins prepped their cot for sleep in the other room. I pulled the ID from that deceased passenger and handed to Mister Hawkins. “This was what I found on the dead man,” I told him. “Maybe they can get word to his relatives.”
I slept in the outside room that night and it was pretty quiet outside. There was a slight breeze and the night afforded me much rest until a very early stagecoach with a ten-soldier escort arrived. Hawkins got up, serviced the animals with water, asked if they required fresh horses which they did not and then they were all gone, including the soldiers who’d stopped to water their own horses.
I was up at sunup and rarin’ to go except I had no horse anymore. Misses Hawkins was up before me and it was the smell of hot coffee that awakened me and a strip of bacon cooking. She was all smiles and I walked outside to gaze at the hills and the rising sun to the east. Then I watched the corral of horses they had and I spotted this tall black animal. His coat shined fresh and he seemed receptive to me, his ears pricked up. I walked to the makeshift corral and rubbed his nose and behind me in the doorway, Mister Hawkins stood. He shook his head a moment. Then he went inside and a thought popped into my head. I had money and I could read numbers a bit. I knew a bit of math dad had schooled me in, some reading and writing too. I had money and where there was money, a horse could be had. I was now using my brains they’d raised me with.
Entering the station, I approached them at the table for breakfast. “I need to get a horse to continue my ride to California.”
“Those horses are for the stage line,” he replied in a stern tone. “Not for sale.”
“I want to buy a horse,” and I stuck a twenty dollar bill on the table and they both looked at each other a moment. I was insistent and I repeated my tone. “I want to buy a horse.” I laid another twenty on the table, which added up to forty dollars. That was quite a lot of money and now they both sat back and took pause with me.
“Ever consider staying here and hiring on for a while? We could use the help.”
“Nope,” I replied laying a ten-dollar bill on the two twenties. “I am going to California,” I replied. The minute went by very slow.
“I saw you out there with the big black one.”
“Yes, we hit it off,” I replied to Mister Hawkins. “Does that fifty dollars on the table cover him? I have my own saddle.”
“Let me ask you something. Where’d ya get that kind of money?” he asked and I knew what he was getting at. If I had told him the truth, he would have stripped it from me.
“My parents,” I replied. “They left town with their very life savings.” He was eye-to-eye with me for a moment and it seemed he was going to call me on it.
He reached onto the table and took the money and I put my hand on his a moment. “I want a fair bill of sale for that horse,” I told him. “I heard they hang horse thieves and I am paying for that fair and square.”
He turned to his wife and motioned her and she went and got a piece of paper and a pencil. He wrote out a dated bill of sale. “Sure we can’t change your mind staying and helping here? More money in it for ya.”
“No thank you,” I replied. “My heart is set on California, the golden state. Besides, now that you told me, I ain’t ever seen an ocean before so I want a sighting of that big Pacific Ocean.”
“Yeah,” he replied breaking a grin. “When I was younger, I wanted that very thing too. Well,” he turned to his wife. “Let’s get your new ride all saddled up.”
I bid the both of them farewell for their hospitality and in a sad sense I felt like they were my parents come back.
The new horse was strong and fast. It would be about a week before I finally reached Fort Yuma with no more incidents with Indians or anyone else. I never did see any more stages behind me nor any that were destroyed along the Butterfield Trail. At Yuma, I was gazing into the golden land known as California. I had finally arrived at what would be the new home for the remaining days I stood upon God’s great earth.
Chapter 05 – Eldoradoville

Yuma was hot and dry and from what I saw, California appeared even more desolate than I could imagine. I had seen visions of a place where the land was made of gold and yet it was more of the same—only worse! One big relief was the Colorado River. It offered plenty of water for my trek west and north. The sentry at the fort drew out a map showing me where to go and I had bought a new compass with some of my money so I’d never be lost again. I learned that the gold mining had been in mountains called The San Gabriel’s and a place called Prospectors Bar. If I was to find the gold, it would be there. My horse was pretty strong and with new saddlebags, I’d loaded up on two new large canteens of water, some pots for cooking and plenty of food to get me through the area till I made camp. He told me by horse it was about three maybe four days ride from here. If I stayed on the Butterfield Trail past the san dunes and then turned north through an area they called the Salton Sink, I could then follow the distant San Jacinto Mountains reaching skyward through the San Gorgonio Pass. From there, it was west to the next range, the San Gabriel’s and on the east end, the east fork river. I rode out in mid morning and it was blistering hot. We crossed the Colorado River and now I was officially in California. There was a hill on my left called Cerro De San Pablo by the Spanish explorer Juan Bautista De Anza, and the Colorado River turned south into Mexico from there. I continued my ride until finding these sand dunes. My horse was having a tough time on the soft sand so I got off and walked him for a ways. Figured it would be okay and relieve him from the heat, a spell.
By nightfall, the Salton Flats were on my left, an area well below sea level and there were mountains, small ones, on my right. It was time to make camp and once I tied my horse to a dead tree and tested it to make sure he wouldn’t get loose, I decided to fire a few shots from the gun I got. It was time to get some practice, just in case things went bad for me. I had learned a valuable lesson from Snidely in El Paso and I wasn’t about to let anyone else cheat me so easily. I set a rock atop another rock and took a few very loud practice round shots. The gun was heavier then my young hands were accustomed to, but after about two cylinder changes, I began getting pretty darned good and if I could hit a rock, a bad man was a bigger target.
I soon had a fire going, provided my horse some water out of one of the pans and he lapped it up. Then I sat back and took another thing I had bought and that was this thing you blew into called a harmonica. In the distance, I heard a coyote howl and sat back playing my tune. The fire eventually died out and I slept like a baby until sunup that day. I made breakfast and then pitched my camp, packing everything including my little knapsack. I watered him one more time as the heat was building in this desolate place, and then got it packed and mounted my horse. We rode at a pretty good pace and as we did, the distant San Jacinto Mountains rose in the foreground. All the while, the low hills on my left escorted me in and I finally made it to the base of the mountains. It was blistering hot here, and off to my left were tall thick desert leaf trees, and below that were pools of water that filled from a stream and waterfall up the canyon. I watered my horse and replenished my own water in my emptied canteens. The tree had a sort of fruit they dropped and I tried one. It was large and dark in color, and very sweet, so I gathered as many as I could. I would later learn that this fruit was called a fig. Never tried one before that, but they were pretty darned good. I was getting prepared by dusk to rest up when I saw three Indian men on horseback ride to the edge of the watering pool. They saw me and we all stared at each other. I wasn’t sure who they were. Could it be that California had Comanche’s or Apaches? Hard to tell. They dismounted across the pool and filled some kind of animal flasks with water. Then they mounted their ponies and rode away, the last rider turning to glimpse me one last time with a laugh. He said something to the others and they all laughed, disappearing south of me. Had they made fun of me? I couldn’t figure it. At least, they didn’t attack me, so I presumed they were from a friendly tribe.
That night, I crushed a few of them stinging lizards. Almost got stung, and I heard a wildcat on the nearby hill whaling aloud. Behind me, a few hundred feet a rattlesnake made its presence known. These mountains to my west towered into the sky, such that I could almost see them to the stars. It was interesting that they were rocky on the bottom, but way up top, I could see pine trees. I heard a distant desert owl, first time I’d ever heard that noise
Morning came early and I drank water, watered my horse once more and then cooked eats on my new pan. That food sizzled and I made up camp after feeding my horse on some grasses. Got camp together and packed up to make out of there. The early morning sun was already very hot and I realized this was one of them places that made a soul swelter if he didn’t keep from the rays of the sun. I didn’t see anyone nearby, so grabbed a few of these fallen fruits. Never had em before, but they were an inch long, shiny brown and had a pit. I tried one and it was really sweet. Dad always told me that fruit was sweet, and that bad things were bitter. So I gathered a bunch of these fruits from below a tall tree called a palm and packed em in. The map showed this mountain and another one the San Gorgonio Pass and I rode up and past there. The morning was warming up as I rode through mostly dried out creeks and sometimes, rolling hills and on my right I spotted a distant Indian village, all the while remembering the Apache and the Comanche Indians. None of these Indians though tried to come at me so I continued, and in the distance north and west of where I was riding through these badlands, was what I suspected were the San Gabriel Mountains. Even this late summer of 1859, there was some snow atop the tall mountain on my right and some atop that other distant mountain. I would later learn they called that one, Mount Baldy.
Once I cleared these badlands, I found a dirt road and noticed it seemed well traveled as of late so I rode my horse on it at a slow pace and the weather was becoming hot. Soon we came to a river as the tall bald mountain was growing in size and by day’s end, I was heading for that mountain. That’s when I saw a wagon heading my way. There were a man and a woman on it and they brought it to a stop, surprised to see me, a kid on a horse, all lonesome. “Howdy,” I called out. I held up my map. “I’m looking for the gold.”
“He must mean Prospectors Bar,” his wife commented in a polite smile.
“Yes,” I became a bit excited and she blushed. “That’s exactly where I’m heading to.”
“Keep riding about half a day west that-away,” he pointed. “Mountain on your right narrows out and you’ll see a big river. East Fork of the Mighty San Gabriel River. Just follow it up into the mountains and you’ll see the town.”
“Thank you,” I smiled and then kicked my horse dashing past them. I rode like the dickens and stopped at a watering hole for my horse. He drank hardy and he ate grasses for a bit before we resumed. That bald mountain was now to my right and behind me as we continued and I soon spotted the river. It was broad and had a nice flow of water and there was a dirt road. It was busy and all. People coming and going on buckboards and horseback. There was even some men in suits and I spotted a soldier too. He looked drunk as he rode south, throwing me a momentary eye of disapproval. It was getting dark now and so I decided to follow the traffic and I did up the canyon road. This sure was a busy place and I spotted a big wagon with six horses riding around the bend pretty fast, they almost went into the river below and as they did, a bag dropped off the back of it. They continued, probably all drunk with laughter and finally disappeared. I dismounted and looked around. Nobody else was near so I picked up the bag and it was heavy, damned heavy. I stuck it in my saddlebag and then proceeded up the road whereby more people were on their way down. It was seriously getting dark now and along the road were these poles with a flame of sorts from lanterns to guide travelers. I followed that for a while, rounded a bend and there were buildings and many lights all over the area. I got to a saloon and nearby a hotel. The place was more active then one could imagine and a bargirl in a pink dress walked arm-in-arm with an old drunk miner, laughing all the way to a small cabin. There were banks here too.
I had me a fine notion and I checked that bag I’d found. In it were gold coins, a lot of gold coins, in fact enough to last me a lifetime. I took a couple out and walked to a store that was still open. However, before I entered, I thought I might ask some questions, so I turned for the bar and entered. Everyone was so drunk with delight and there was gold dust all over the floor, people playing cards, a guy on a piano. I approached the bar and stepped up to eye level with it. The bartender glared down at me. “Milk,” he smiled and that caught a few of their attention with more laughter.
“Yep, that’ll do just fine and also some eats.”
“We got a beeve if ya want it, finest California steak.”
“I’ll have that too,” I stuck a coin on the counter. The bartender took it, smiled. “I’ll be at that table,” I pointed and took a seat at a small corner table. Nobody was laughing at me now. I waited a while and a pretty bargirl in a brilliant long blue dress brought me a glass of cold milk and a plate of steak, beans and corn to eat. Set a steel fork and knife. She seemed a very sweet lady and she smiled and I smiled back at her. I flipped her a coin and she was stunned. “Keep the change, I winked.” Not sure what I’d done, but she turned and left in a hurry, a bit upset. The meal was tasty and it was filling and I felt a bit out of sorts here when an old-timer stumbled by.
“Hello sonny, mind if I take a seat here with my grub?” He was a rather tall fellow with graying hair. He had a small beard and mustache and his years told that he was from around these parts “Name’s John Robb.”
I extended my hand to him like a big shot. “Pleasure to meet you sir.”
“Likewise,” he smiled digging in to that hot food. A bargirl brought him a big cold mug of beer. He took a sip then ate a bit more and then took another sip. “Ain’t ever seen you round these parts before.”
“I’m not originally. I came from Texas.”
“Texas,” he almost choked on his food, and then took a good old swig of beer. “Texas…where’s your folks?”
“Killed by Comanche’s in Texas.”
“So how’d you get out here kid?”
“On my horse outside.”
He went flush white. “You mean to tell me you rode through to California all by yerself?”
“I sure did, I came here to learn how to acquire gold, the tools I will need,” I told him.
He broke a big smile, stuffed his mouth and washed it down in one big lump. “Well hell, sonny, I can show you what ya need. General store’s closing purdy soon.”
“Okay,” I smiled back at him. I really liked this old man. There was something genuine about him that spoke of a smart guy who had been here a long time. That had been my first impression, but now it just stuck.
We soon finished and then he walked me to the general store. “Hope you can afford all this stuff,” he smiled as we entered.
He approached the young clerk, a teenager a bit huskier and older than myself. “Hello Jed,” he waived. “This here young feller wants to get fixed up with a rig for simple prospecting.” He turned to me glaring down. “Uh, I didn’t get your name sonny.”
“James Cyder,” I proudly replied.
“Jed Bodayton, meet James Cyder,” Mr. Robb formally introduced us and Jed reached down and we shook hands like best buddies. “Now, way I see it, hell need a 5 gallon bucket, a nice pan and one of them well constructed sluices. Oh and a good quality pick axe and pointed shovel for digging.”
Jed gathered everything we needed and I asked him how much he required? “5 dollars for the shovel, 2 dollars for the pick, pan is 2 dollars and the pale is 1 dollar. Sluice will run you ten dollars. Uh, twenty dollars altogether.”
I pulled out a gold coin. His eyes almost popped and Mr. Robb rubbed his beard in suspicion. Jed took the gold piece and returned 30 dollars worth of bills to me. “Thank you,” I smiled. I turned to the old man. “And for your help sir, will twenty dollars be enough?”
“Uh, yes, yeah,” he hastily grabbed my twenty dollar bill and I pocketed the ten. “Why thank you sonny,” he chuckled patting me on the shoulder and then turning to run out the door with the money and back to that bar.
I shrugged my shoulders. “I was wondering. Is there a stable around here for my horse? He’s pretty tired and hungry too.”
“Just up there on the right a little ways,” Jed pointed.
“I’ll tell you what,” I smiled. “Can you break this ten for me to two fives?”
“Sure,” Jed replied and he handed me the fives.
“Can I hire you to help me with my bags, in fact would you be up to working with me getting’ gold?” He was stunned for the moment.
“Like partners?”
“Yeah, like partners and friends too,” I replied. “See, what I am doing here is beyond this. I am a new speculator.”
“Oh,” he broke a grin. “Sorta doing everything?”
“Exactly, and I can use good help that is trustworthy.” I took that five dollars and held it out. “My luggage after you close up. I’ll get my horse to board.” I turned and exited and he held that five dollars as if he ain’t ever seen a bill before. Probably more than he earned in a week, but I liked this guy. He was like a big brother and we hit it off.
I got outside and brought my horse to the stables nearby. Cost me five dollars so I handed him the bill and he helped get the saddlebags down and then the saddle and blanket from my horses back. He penned him and threw him some hay. There was a trough of fresh mountain water inside the pen and I took my bags. Jed came running and helped me and we went to the small hotel for the miners they’d set up.
“This bag’s a bit heavy,” Jed remarked.
“Here,” I swapped bags with him. “Does that work better?”
“That does,” Jed walked ahead of me. I still had all of my old money bills too and it dawned on me, I better stop throwing the gold coins around for the time being. We got inside and approached the clerk who looked like a miner himself. “This is my friend James,” Jed told him. “He needs a good room and board here for his work.”
“Is there a bank around here?” I asked.
“Two buildings down,” the clerk replied. “Wells Fargo I believe.”
“Oh good,” I replied. “How much for the week?”
“Two dollars a night room and board.”
I pulled out a twenty handing it to him. He took it, glanced it over, then handed me a key to my room and Jed led me up stairs into a small quarters. We laid the bags on the bed and he walked to the door. “Tomorrow,” he pointed at me and smiled. “At sunup.”
“The bank first then I’ll be ready to get going.” We put the last of my mining equipment at bedside. I had ridden all this way and now I was making real life of the journey my parents had begun.

Elizabeth and Jim were on a stage and alongside that stage as it approached below Massacre Peak, was a long line of soldiers. They stopped the stage for water and as an older man approached, misses Cyder popped her head out the window. “Hold it driver,” she instructed the coachmen. “Sir, I am looking for a little boy on horseback, have you seen such a young man?”
It was Mr. Hawkins. “About when would he be passing through if he did come?”
“Very recently,” my mother replied. She started describing my looks to him and he seemed agasp.
“Why there was a young man weeks ago who come through here. Was a bad day. Them Apaches up there on the road attacked two stages and he rode in between the times they done rode.” He took a step forward. “If they got him, I doubt he’d be around.”
Elizabeth closed her eyes for the time being. Then she turned to Jim. “He made it this far, then he made it to California if he got past here.”
“Yes ma`am,” Mr. Clancey replied.

That night, I slept sound and it was really something to have this bed and a pillow and blanket. I knew my horse was safe at the board so I rested and dozed off. I started dreaming of gold and mountains and then I saw my fathers face staring down at me and he asked me if I was happy and my mother strolled up behind him, holding his shoulders and smiling too. Then she walked around him and bent down handing me a hard candied stick. It had twisted colors and was shiny.
Next in my dream, I was on a horse running from mean Indians as bullets whizzed by and they continued the chase with a cliff ahead. I could not stop my horse as he raced over the cliff and into a raging river with gold cliffs all around us. We were both in a bottomless lake with golden cliffs and I woke up in a might bit of a sweat. I was here, and look at what it took me to get here. Months earlier, I had been just a kid in an east Texas town and now I was really in the golden state of California near a gold mining place with a real bag of gold coins. Tomorrow I would first be mining for gold and become a speculator, grow a business from there. Nobody was going to cheat me out of five dollars anymore and then skip out on me after I worked for it. It was now my turn to be in charge.
I had seen these mountains from afar, but tomorrow, I will get to wake up amongst the San Gabriel Mountains and see and walk upon them in the daylight for myself.
The running waters of the nearby East Fork of the San Gabriel River were soothing. I hadn’t heard running waters or taken time to hear them for a very long time and it helped me get back to sleep. From there on, my dreams were lacking. The following morning, I gathered my monies and that bag of gold coins, locked up the room and with holster by my side, I went down and out over to the bank. It was a Wells Fargo teller who greeted me. I deposited to them and they gave me a small book with an amount he counted. There were two tellers and he must have spent the better half of two hours before he stamped my book with a date stamp and an amount of 11,542 dollars. I thanked the young man in his neat suit and small hat and tie and he raised a dubious eye. It was that he’d never seen a kid with so much money.
Jed was outside the small hotel and we went up and got my things. “I think you should buy a pack mule to haul equipment, give your horse a rest,” Jed suggested.
“Okay,” I smiled and we headed to the stable to check on him. My horse was rested, watered and fine.
“I’ll need a horse too,” Jed informed me. “I Just quit the general store, and a week’s advance, maybe fifty dollars.”
“I’ll give you twenty five. Haul in more of a load for our new company and you will get more.”
He paused a moment, bit his lip, closed his eyes. Then he turned to me. “Okay, but we’re going to have to get a lot going.”
“Lets get my horse saddled up, you a new horse and uh, what did you ask for?”
“A good strong mule,” Jed replied. “He carries a lot of the weight and equipment. We’ll have to make camp up the canyon. Most miners and some mining companies have staked this area out. Oh, and we should bring rifles and ammo. Bears up that way. grizzlies, big ones.”
We rode quite a distance to an area up the river where there were few souls. It was cool, crisp, and not hot like down below. There was a gentle mountain breeze that blew through the pines and we reached an area that while high up, flattened out. We tied the horses to a tree and they grazed on grasses.
Down by the river, Jed knew how to use this equipment and I watched and learned his methods as we ran water through the sluice. At first it seemed there was nothing, but after a while, small dots of gold began showing up and we were both collecting as much of it as possible. Then I took a pickaxe and began pulling at rock and searching the shallow waters for anything shiny and found a small nugget under a rock in a quiet pool of the river. I held it up and whistled at Jed and he waived back at me. I worked feverishly at it and found another nugget. Then another and finally more as I picked at more stream rocks. This was a very hot find and the nuggets kept on coming until I uncovered a very large gold rock and we were both shocked at its size.
We continued to work and soon we had over 18,000 dollars over the following few months into early October. By then, most of the river was taken up and my book was filled with numbers and date stamps for Wells Fargo. I never lost it as it guaranteed the value we’d built this company into. I oft wondered about my mother and the horrors she must have faced and at night, I would say a prayer for her and my father’s spirit.

Elizabeth Cyder had settled in a town called Pasadena against the foothills of the San Gabriel Mountains. She was been well attended to and earned a living in a wealthy villa serving a family of importance, after having parted company with Mister Clancey. He’d taken to drinking and betting on cock fighting near the small dirt Mexican town of Los Angeles, hanging out near the place they called the Pico House with them fellers. By day, he hired out for odd jobs and even learned to build some things. Meanwhile the company that Jed and I built was beginning to grow in leaps and bounds, and I was unaware that my mother had been saved or was even here.

The end of summer turned to fall and then winter was upon us and it started raining this November. I always had an itching when things felt odd and there was something that just bothered me to hell. The rain was coming down hard and there was thunder and lightening and the more I thought of it, the more something was bothering me, so I grabbed my book, wrapped it in several clothes and then went to the stable and got my horse all fixed up. Don’t ask me why, but I rode to Jed’s place downstream a bit and wakened him from his sleep and now the rain was coming down hard. “What is it?” he asked.
“Don’t know, but I think we should ride up to high ground, look,” I pointed and the river had risen quite a bit, easily flowing over its banks and I figured whatever was in the back of my head called common sense, my instincts told me now was the time.
“I think you’re right,” He slipped into pants, boots a flannel and jacket and got out of that place and the water was nearly here. He grabbed his horse and the mule and we rode our animals higher up the canyon trail to a cliff overlooking the river below. The water was just dumping everywhere non-stop and we paused under pines as it came down in sheets, and then he became excited and pointed up the canyon a bit where Prospectors Bar was. “Look!”
It was a massive flood of waters, and it wiped out structures and people were fleeing for their very lives. This was a huge wall of water that wound its way down the river and through the canyon as thunder broke out. A lightening bolt in the sky lit up for the moment, the torrent of waters, and it was a real mess. We both stared at each other. “We better find shelter out of here,” I told Jed. “I’m getting soaked.”
“Cabin just over the next ridge. Old guy lives there by himself after his misses died. What about our rig?”
I took a deep breath of air. “Probably gone from that,” I pointed. “But I still got that bank book all stamped with dates. If this Wells Fargo Bank has more places, I am sure they’d make good.”
We made it in the pouring rain to that cabin and sure enough, a lantern was lit inside. He had a small corral and we stuck the animals in that, tying them to the beam. I wondered if it was strong enough to hold em. Then Jed and I knocked on the old man’s door. The lantern dimmed a bit and finally he greeted us with a shotgun pointed at the both of us. Raising the lantern, he smiled. James Sweeny had been living alone here for a long time, surviving off small animals, deer and keeping to himself. He even killed a bear or two once in a great while as bear meat was tasty I learned. The hides made a warm coat covering too.
We waited inside near his warm fireplace and told him what we’d seen down below. “I’m not surprised,” he commented, spooning a homemade jackrabbit stew and some old bread onto tin plates. He provided some tin cups with water that was caught from the rain. “That East Fork is known to have these types of things happen. Probably that new dam they stuck in there gave way from the excess rain.” He took a seat at this small round wooden table he’d made from an old hollowed tree stump. “I was down there not long ago, Jed you remember I got supplies at your place. Problem is they built too close on the low land to that river.”
“Some of the properties down below were hillside,” Jed commented.
“I looked back Jed, I thought the waters were rising pretty fast.”
“Better around these parts,” James spooned some of that tasty stew onto his plate and ate it down. Neither of us had started on it yet, watching him eat it. He paused a moment, ate some more, drank water and then pointed at the two of us with his old fork. “Go ahead boys, ain’t gonna kill ya,” he forked another load of the stew into his mouth. “Been making this for a long time,” he winked.
I looked at Jed, shrugged and then tried it and it was quite good, plus it was nice hot food. “Thank you Mister Sweeny for this hot meal and the shelter.”
“Don’t mention it,” he replied smiling. “I reckon when this rain lets up, the two of you ought to go down and find out what’s going on down there.”
“Yeah,” I replied. Inside, I had a gut instinct nothing would remain of our rig. From that flood of raging waters, it would be a miracle.
Jed and I slept in the main room by the table in some sacks on the floor. It was cold and damp and the rain continued falling in sheets. At times, I thought the rain and winds would collapse the roof above us and we even heard hard pounding from heavy hail downpours too. Sometime early morning, Jed and I fell fast asleep as the rain had let up and by later that morning when the sun arose, it was quiet and peaceful.
I stepped outside the cabin door to check on our transportation and they were soaked in that corral, but otherwise healthy and okay. There was something else out here too. It was sunshine parting through breaking clouds and light dustings of snow on the ground. I’d seen this once in east Texas early one morning and it brought back memories. I picked up a splotch of snow, made it into a ball and as Jed stood in the cabin doorway, hurled it at him.
The two of us were soon going at it, hurling what snowballs we could make at each other and when James awoke, he just smiled. Must have brought back memories with him in his younger days. We stayed there for another few days as the rain would return by the evenings and finally after three days, it moved on out.
That following morning, we rode out of there. Jed and I and made for Prospectors Bar down below. I had me a good notion, what lie ahead and it wasn’t pretty.
We rode the trail down and around the bend descended on horseback with the mule and the few belongings we had and got to the end trail to what used to be Prospectors Bar. Part of a foundation, the hotel, bank, general store and saloons all gone. Jed was stunned. “Wow,” he commented. “Nothing left!”
“I am willing to bet our rig is gone too. Let’s ride up canyon and see what is left of our little venture area.”
We rode and as we did, it was a muddy mess everywhere, especially the trail covered by downed tree logs, bushes, brush and even large rocks out of place. Where we had mined so much gold, it was all gone now. “Well,” Jed looked at me, a glaring eye of uncertainty.
“Well what?” I replied in a bit of sarcasm.
“Are we broke?” he asked.
“Nope, we ain’t,” I held that little book with a stamp and date in it. “Wells Fargo. He said any bank will honor it.”
“So we are back to mining?”
“Nope,” I smiled. “We’re just getting started in the speculation business doing lotsa things. But first we should head to any nearby Wells Fargo bank.”
“I heard they run money from here to one big one in Los Angeles. About five or maybe six hours from here by horse.”
“Whelp, okay,” I told him. “Best to water the animals then make a run for this bank. Got some money on me still, so we can make good with it about a week if things don’t work out as we planned.”
We passed by a group of the men and they were gathering together with talk of building a new mining district here, which sounded intriguing. They said they were gonna call this new town establishment ElDoradoville.
Chapter 06 – Ranch Job

Jed and I did make the bank office and we cashed in the booklet. Wells Fargo made good on it and we decided to keep the company going, but take odd jobs if things went awry again and venture into other areas where we could service customers. After all, speculating was more than just mining. There were cattle to handle, ranches we could assist in running, law enforcement as a private business to those who could hire us, and even hunting for profits. Later we could build things with the right people, so it was wide opened to everything, everyone, with our business plans.
We stayed at the Pico House and watched our first bear-bull fight we’d ever seen. I’d never seen no grizzly bear and this one I was told was pretty small compared to the ones rumored to be in the San Gabriel’s and out and about the area. They were pretty scary creatures to tangle with, let me tell ya. In this round we wagered five dollars on the bear and he won. The obstacle here was the rope tied between the bear and the bull. This bear had taken a number of tears from the bull’s horns and so he was probably a bad bet next time around. That proved to be true. Next round, the bull won and the bear expired in the ring, so this bet was a good one for us.
We returned to Prospectors Bar now called ElDoradoville and they had begun laying out rules and making up some laws for everyone to obey. With our money, we had returned with new equipment on the back of the mule and some makeshift tents as to keep warm and so we rode the now chilled canyon to about where we had been. We never did find the exact gold spot, but still did pretty well here.
The tents, warm fire and company of older men miners made the months go by fast and soon the ElDoradoville Mining District had grown to a bunch of saloons, new hotel, and a new bank branch. We worked hard day and night and brought that book in for a stamping plus the weighed ounces of gold. Bigger outfits had also come in with high-pressure blasters in a search for gold. Within four months, the town had sprung up again and we saved our earnings Jed and me.
A week later, I heard word of a killing outside the saloon. A man tried to grab another man’s bag of gold he was showing to a whore inside the place and that got it going. A miner with a faster draw downed him, took ten percent as a protection fee to the original miner and they went back to drinking while the bad guy lay dying, bleeding in the trail. Wagons and horse riders paid him no attention.
Our activity slowed quite a bit as the winter snows fell, though Jed and I would return by spring to start mining again. We were looking for a ranch of our own, a base of operations to grow our company. The year was now late 1860, and we read where men voted for this new tall guy named Abraham Lincoln as the President of the United States of America.
The papers ran articles of the great war back east in America. Called it a civil war of sorts, by this new president in the tall hat. They were calling, every now and then, for young men to join the war effort. I was starting to become a young man in 1861 and a number of big outfits had taken most of the prime spots on the river. Yet, at 13 years of age, the future was still mine. Jed had worked our strike and we had still managed to save enough in the bank with that little booklet and a signed stamp for our deposits. With most of the East Fork of the San Gabriel tied up and water blastin’ the sides for gold, it seemed it was squeezing the little miners out and us as well. However, I had gotten the notion to be a speculator and try my hand at many fields of endeavor. I’d also gotten much quicker with a six-gun too. Perhaps it was time to leave ElDoradoville and try our hand at a ranching operation. We had enough to invest in such an attempt and the gold profits were diminishing here that it was evident where things were headed. I never wanted to carry someone’s bags down and not get paid. No soirée. If I was gonna make it, it had to be by not being on one type of income. I’d talk to Jed, figure up a strategy.
The next day I sat with Jed and I had a local map of sorts. “You know our revenues are down,” I told him. “I think we should speculate and start a cattle business. Hard work, but maybe we can hire a hand and get something going.”
“I’ve been thinking to,” Jed replied holding his chin. “Been thinking maybe we can divvy up the funds and each take our chances.”
His reply stunned me as I thought he was seriously in this for the long haul. “You mean split up?”
“Uh, yeah,” he replied rather casually. “I thought about taking my share and opening up my own general store right here in ElDoradoville, compete with my old boss mister Cason.”
He could see I was getting a bit down and he squatted closer. “Yeah,” I replied, my hopes dashed. “Perhaps it is time for me to move on, grow in another direction.”
“I hope you’re not mad at me,” Jed smiled politely. “Just that maybe it is time for each of us to go about things our own way. Mine is to someday open a blazing general store and what better place then here.”
“Well, I’d like to keep the prospecting stuff, I’ll get you your cut and I want the mule too.”
Jed sighed a moment. “Okay,” he grinned. “Lets visit the bank over there and make it final.”

I had packed my belongings and turned one last time to smile at my former employee and his newfound income. He’d earned every penny of it. Then with the burro and all of my belongings and equipment in tow, I lit outta there. This had been a learning experience for me, yet it was just the start, as I’d be learning for my remaining days. I realized my monies would eventually run out, and I had learned a trade in gold mining as a miner. There had been talk by some men of a creek on the eastern edge of these mountains on the other side of the balding mountain. Name he mentioned was Lytle Creek, named after Captain Andrew Lytle by Mormons who had settled her more than a decade ago. I was glad to have started out early that morning as it took me a better part of the day to reach the entrance to this creek and canyon. I still had my book and bank papers and had withdrawn enough gold coins to get me started here if need be.
At this time of day, late in the afternoon, the tall shadows of the eastern San Gabriel’s welcomed me as a tired traveler looking for a new home. I could have just imagined what the first Mormons who arrived must have felt like or the Indians who lived around these parts before them. The dirt road up the creek wound its way along a canyon filled with Cottonwoods that I recognized right off, and willows and sycamores. It was warm and inviting, a wide canyon too, not like the narrow tall canyons around the East Fork of the San Gabriel River. There was something very special about this little creek and I could see why a group of people originally fell in love with it, tucked away amongst tall mountains. Yet, word had spread of new gold strikes this way and that meant a shot at my own sluicing operations and panning before the big guys got wind, which they eventually would. If I had enough time, there was a chance that I might be able to compete with em and hold my own for a while. Maybe even hire my own crews to strip as much gold before the next guy did. At twelve going on thirteen years, I had begun growing and my delusions of grandeur had grown too. Yet was it so wrong for me to dream big? Look at my life—what I had gone through to get to the golden state, and now the gold fever gripped even my young soul.
Riding up the river, I spotted several miners at work panning for gold and one sluicing too. Decided not to bother em much, but rather, continue riding up the canyon to a nice quiet spot and then got my business going. Over the last few years, I’d gotten pretty quick with my six guns as I now rode with one on each hip, that meant twelve bullets to protect my interests. I’d ridden quite a distance upstream and there was nobody here, so I set about erecting a tent, a wooden beam in the ground for a hitching post of sorts and finally got a fire going to cook some eats. I was plenty hungry and the stream provided water for my animals and myself.
I loaded up my new powder rifle for a shot in case I needed to shoot a buck for eats or even a rabbit, though I could nail that with my pistol. It was a crisp cold lonely night and winter was setting in slowly but surely. I could hear distant coyote howls and my animals were a bit nervous. What was I doing here alone and by myself, I just couldn’t answer. One thing I did know was I needed to get myself a small shed of a type and then I’d have better shelter.
That early morning, I began gathering wood together and built a make shift structure to help me from the elements, and then I got about my mining operation. It took a while, but my sluice produced a bunch of golden nuggets and I collected them into a leather kerchief of sorts and then a saddlebag to hold the bulk. I’d worked all day and then grazed my animals on grasses, and watered them each at a time before sundown. The days began going by and then a couple of miners I recognized from the east fork stopped up, asked how the mining was. Of course I wasn’t going to tell them of my strike so I told em it was a struggle.
“If it’s a struggle, why ya here?” one of them asked.
“Well,” I shrugged my shoulders. “A kid’s gotta try to survive somehow, besides, ain’t nothing left in the East Fork anymore. Big outfits taken over all of it.”
They bought my reply hook, line and sinker, though it proved ineffective at getting them to skedaddle. The two of them set up mining operations just up creek of me.
I hadn’t seen much of them for a while, but as the week’s passed, we all got friendly; each distrustful of the other’s intent with respect to our gold finds. Then more miners arrived from all over. This, because word had spread of the Lytle Creek finds and the gold found in this area and within months as a frigid winter set in, we had our own new mining district by the starting month of 1862. It was nowhere as glamorous as ElDoradville had been, but there were some good times. With a small general store down canyon and sheds dotting the creek up and down the area, I found it much more habitable and so did my horses. I had gotten a notion to take high ground having learned of the river in the past and by mid January 1962 the rains came heavy. My shack was high up on the hillside and my horse and mule were all tied up on trees. The thunder, lightening, cold high winds came and on January 17 1862 it rained almost nonstop. A couple of miners shacked up and we played poker since the creek was all swollen up.
It seemed to get worse as the night dragged on, and stepping out under the porch cover, I could see a massive river below, run wild with rapids and debris. There were structures floating from the low-lying shacks that were not built on higher grounds and it seemed that by the hour, the rains fell harder. I wondered of my former gold town of ElDoradoville and by morning January 18, 1862 the East Fork of the San Gabriel River was a tirade of angry water erasing entire structures, far worse than anything anyone imagined. The rain fell in pounding sheets all over and God’s thunder roared at their plight as the town was erased from existence and my former employee Jed’s monies as well. Luckily he’d made it to high ground, but he was broke, his half of the fortune gone, his business gone too, all washed away this faithful day into the San Gabriel river.
It would continue raining the following days for a bit, but never as heavy as what we’d seen and then it snowed and the mountains turned white, the creek froze over and it was time to go hunting as a frozen creek meant that gold panning was at a standstill.
The spring had come and I was in San Bernardino at a Wells Fargo bank with my book and gold. I had collected quite a loot and deposited it and they stamped it and now was back to over 25,000 dollars of money. I’d soon be all of fourteen in the early part of next year and 1862 would come to a close. Many miners began dispersing from the San Gabriel River and they did not seem intent on rebuilding ElDoradoville, though they had begun later in the year rebuilding Lytle Creek. Miners went in all directions and the ranchers began as well. San Bernardino had become home to a number of ranches and I had enough monies to begin my company on speculation again, though I showed great restraint and left those dollars alone in the bank.
I bought me a wagon, and an extra horse to hitch with my aging friend and the mule to the wagon and we traveled together, my mining equipment in my wagon. It provided me a sort of traveling home and now I would no longer be stuck in a small shack with others. Returning to Lytle Creek I worked lower down in what would proudly be called Texas Canyon at the entrance to the creek where more gold had been discovered. There was any and everyone there and I got my fair share, because not only had I gained an instinct for gold mining, but skills at quickly locating it. I always tried to keep my distance from others and hide my workings, minimalizing my finds to mere gold dust as far as they were concerned. The less others knew of what I found and where, the better.
1863 was an interesting year and I read where this war was going, the battles I read with interest, realizing there were people dying. At 14 years of age, I was almost at the place where they were drafting young men into the armies. The more I read, the less I wanted of any of this. There were descriptions of the battlefields, and what had became of young men, towns in the way; and my thoughts drifted back to my original town of Henderson Texas.
How had my original town changed? Was it the same place in 1863 as it had been years earlier when my folks left with me for this golden state? With the spring, my mining operations intensified and I continued piling up gold. About every two months, I trekked to that Wells Fargo and dropped my gold off and my bank records grew. I bid my time with patience and wisely did so, while learning new trades. A new rifle called a repeating rifle was rumored to be out soon. It would be called a Henry and that meant it didn’t require a reload each time. The future was changing before I had realized it and the notion of hunting with such a rifle was something that fascinated me. This was something I would follow with great interest.
1864 started out as a rather warm year with rains off and on. I’d forgone gold mining for hunting and provided deer and bear meat for the local community at Lytle Creek. Bigger mining operations had come in and they employed many of the miners, plus Indians who seemed to work mainly for whiskey and lower wages, enough to buy that whiskey. With a rebuilt group of small structures, there was the general store, a dance hall with bar girls and a hotel for guests. Not much else existed here except the larger mining operations that would only grow with time. Further up the creek in the long valley, the peace and quiet still remained. I’d shot me a fair amount of animals and sold lots of meat this year, profiting off the mining settlement and others. Beef was always in high demand and my new found avenue of speculation had gotten me more profits, though none that paid like the previous gold strikes I’d earned on my own.
While in San Bernardino at a local and large general store, I got me a glimpse of that new Henry Rifle. It had a lever action and it gleamed like gold sort of. I approached the storeowner. Then I grabbed this beautiful rifle and held it up. “How much?” I asked him.
“Forty-five dollars,” he replied. “One of the new lever action repeaters and very hard to get. Loads about 16 shots, 17 if you have one in the chamber.”
“What caliber does it shoot.?”
“The new 44 rimfire,” he replied.
“Good for hunting and other things,” I commented. “I’ll take it and two boxes of ammo too,” I pulled my gold coins, enough for the purchase. I had a good notion this was going to make my killing job easier as a hunter and pull more business.
I deposited more monies in that Wells Fargo branch before heading back to where I was going to build a new ranch soon. But I knew little of the ranching business and was eager to learn it in the coming months, especially if I was to speculate as a living. I had to know everything and cattle ranching seemed something I was a mite bit eager to get into.
A month had passed and I settled on a property at the foothills of the mighty eastern San Gabriel’s. The area would later be known as the edge of Fontana but it’d be years before it got that name.
I hired some Mexicans and Indian labor to help bring lumber and as 1865 rolled around, I had me a nice rancho. I hired a guy named Pedro who claimed to be a member of the notorious Vasquez Gang at one time. I never wanted in with thieves and those sorts of people, but the tales he told were of interest. He’d been a part of that gang of criminals, rounding up cattle from other ranches and he offered me such, but I’d pay it no mind. I learned long ago, when you look for problems, trouble usually follows. If I was going to build my business here and my base of operations, it would be by paying for and raising my initial cattle honesty, not by stealing them.
A few months later, after living from deer meat and a slaughtered old bull we found wandering, we had purchased enough chickens, and cattle to get this place going. I’d found a nearby gully that was always flowing and diverted water with my crew to the ranch and a small little pond we dredged up. It would always remain full of water for everyone and everything, even in hot years.
The ranch foreman I hired was a tall white guy named Jim Beeder. He was smart, tall and like an old sarcastic father, I never got to go through life with. He suggested I take an ad out in local papers for hired help, mainly a woman to do the cooking, sewing and other house things. I did just that while going on some buying sprees and building our livestock.

She opened the paper that morning and there it was. Elizabeth Cyder’s eyes read it along with the ending of the civil war. She read it again and stopped, cupped her mouth with her hand and turned to her husband of a few years, Jim Clancey and called him over. “I found him, he is alive!” The tears ran down her face as the two of them embraced each other and then again read the paper.
Jim was flush white at the find as though he felt an end near. “Maybe we should keep an eye on him at a distance,” he commented.
Elizabeth stood up and turned to him. “That’s my son,” she became hostile in tone. “My son is there and we will go and greet him.”
“We should prepare,” Jim replied. “I think he would be shocked—maybe if we gave it a bit more time?”

It was early 1866 and I’d left the ranch in the capable hands of Mr. Beeder who was watching over my livestock. It was time to visit Lytle Creek again and see about providing the mining interests and others with beeves and chickens for sustenance. I always enjoyed this ride on my aging horse and we made this trip together as the tall eastern San Gabriel’s and that balding mountain of snow cap stood sentinel welcoming us as old friends.
One of the bigger spreads had been settled by new residents, they were the Glenn family founded by Misses Mourning and her handsome husband Silas. They were fine folks and she was so proud of this new place and the creek. There was something magical here, a family, and it reminded me of what I longed for and missed. I sat and had coffee and talked for hours with them, and I found out she’d come by way of the Butterfield Stage route too. Told me tales of just how mean it had gotten with the Apaches attacking everything that moved and I learned of the fate of the great Apache Chieftain I’d come across years earlier, Mangas Coloradas. “Well, don’t surprise me I reckon,” I replied shaking my head. “I come up this way to see if anyone could use fresh beeves.” Then I turned my head to glimpse their own small livestock. “I guess this area has competition,” I jested and it was all smiles.
“I really love it here,” Misses Glenn informed. “It is Godly, isn’t it?”
“Yes ma~am it is,” I replied. “I felt that way a few years back when I first panned gold up stream a bit.”
“So exactly what kind of business are you in?” Mr. Silas asked me.
“Well sir,” I replied. “I do speculating which is like a little of everything. Eventually I wanna get into building things too, just don’t have that educational bend I suppose. But I am working at it.”
“Excellent,” he smiled, pipe in hand. “God helps those who help themselves grow and you are a fine example of that, young man.”
“Well thank you,” I replied. I looked at the tall shadows as the day had drawn to a close. “I guess I better head to that hotel, tomorrow I head back to my own place.”
The two of them, Mister and Misses Glenn looked at each other a moment. “Nonsense young man,” he smiled puffing another smoke plume from that pipe. “We have room for a special young guest.”
“Oh no, I don’t wanna intrude.”
“We’ll have none of it. You come join us here and my sons.” Misses Glenn was quite firm in her tone and like a mother to me of sorts, though I longed for my real mom who was dead at the hands of the Comanche’s.
That night, we all swapped stories at the fireplace. It was a big happy family and I felt blessed, so very blessed of being in their company that they would enjoy many years of that happiness.
Come morning, I was on my way out, waving goodbye on my horse. It had been a pleasant time but apparent there would be no beef sales here and that brought into mind a notion of growing my speculation business into building homes and business structures. It was sparse in these parts, but with the railroad expansions coming this way and the end to that terrible war, people would need places where they could live and work at.
I made the exit to the canyon and gazed out at the distant San Bernardino settlements and the wide opened land. I could feel it that I was definitely onto something as I took pause, I spotted a fisherman at the edge of the creek. It was the face of Charles Vincent. He was about ten years ahead of me in age and we stopped as he had been fishing for trout and had some fresh catches. Seems he’d gotten into the war and then made his way out here from Arizona in recent times. I had me a notion he was hiding something, but then again I maintained a policy to each his own as I’d learned it was best to keep one’s business to oneself.
We talked a spell and I found he was into hunting. “Yeah, I did that for a while,” I told him and he dawned a rare smile he had to work at.
“Lotsa hunting round these parts,” he replied gazing at the mountains and the lone white cloud silently drifting above the bald mountain and its snowcap. “So, what you doing round these parts?” Charles asked me.
“Trying to build a speculation business, got a ranch I’m heading back to,” I boasted and he wasn’t smiling much. I kinda got the feeling he wanted to be alone, but there was still something very special about him that stuck with me and I considered myself lucky I got to be on his good side. I was of a mind that anyone on his bad side had another thing coming. “Well, good luck fishing. Maybe one day, we’ll hook up and do some hunting.”
“Maybe,” he replied and tended back to his fishing as I mounted my ride and rode out.
The rest of the day I relished the alone time and as I approached the ranch, I spotted a buckboard. The cattle were out and about munching on grasses or lapping water, the chickens were all over. I realized I needed to talk with Mister Beeder about this sort of thing. Those chickens would get loose or worse, the coyotes and bobcats would steal em and I would have none of that.
As I rode to the main house, I dismounted and hitched my horse who was quite tired as Mister Beeder descended the steps toward me. “That woman you wanted for a job has arrived.”
“Oh,” I replied grabbing my Henry and knapsack. “Could you get the saddle off of him and cut him loose in the stables,” I instructed and he got to work on my horse as I carried my rifle to the door. I took a deep breath as I hadn’t had a woman around for a long time and this would be just the touch. I opened the door and entered the foyer and there was my mother, older, but there before me and she was speechless as was I.
Chapter 07 – Building Growth

It was a moment I had not expected. My real mother was alive and that Mister Clancey was with her. I was completely speechless and at the same time relieved in many ways. If there could be a great day, it was seeing both of them though I must admit I was surprised to see them both together. She ran and we hugged and it seemed endless, my mothers blond hair now faded to a shade of gold and gray at the same time. She had been scarred a little and I ran my finger over a neck scar and her expression changed for the moment. Then we both broke out a smile and hugged again. I walked inside the rancho with them to the dinner table and we all sat down. We exchanged stories, and then I learned what happened, and she of my determination, and everything along the way. Of how I wanted to become a speculator of sorts and what it took to get here.
I had learned of the atrocities the Comanche’s perpetrated on her and other women they captured and also what the soldiers had done to the Comanche’s and Apaches as well. It seemed the killing needn’t have ever started upon anyone, if people just learned better how to get along, accept one another; it would have been vastly differing. Well, I offered her the job and she accepted and I gained Mister Clancey as a sort of secondary father figure and scout who would travel with me if he could lay off the bourbon some.
It was now early 1867 and I realized that as the months went by, we built up a cattle and chicken farming business that fed many local places including San Bernardino businesses and even a few places in distant Los Angeles. It was apparent that we would need more avenues to grow into. My next interests to build upon would be a security agency as well as a construction business and finally a general store business. Therefore, we set out to locate someone capable of building things and placed local ads including one in the big eastern newspapers. We couldn’t offer too much, but if we got someone who could make things happen, it would be perfect.
Another month went by and then came mail correspondence from a Mister Scott Greidy. He had an engineering knowledge from San Jose High and that was enough to get things kicking. It would be about a month or two, but I finally got him out here by stage. Mr. Greidy was a young but plump chap, some years older then me with a mustache that thinned to each side and a very pleasant smile to boot.
The following week we’d read in a local journal of a certain Dr. Noble Smith and his miraculous springs in a place called Arrowhead up in the lower San Bernardino Mountains. I’d never been up that way and I had been having notions of making a trek up there for quite a while. So, I set out with Mr. Clancey and Mr. Greidy asked if he could come along, being a bit interested of the local haunts. I welcomed their company. We made our way through San Bernardino when I came across another interesting person. He was a bit taller than me and we met in front of the general store where we stopped to water the horses at a trough. He was thin and rather husky and we striked a conversation. He said his name was Wyatt Earp and he asked if he could tag along, was done with his local chores and had time to kill.
“Well, you take care of your own eats and all,” I told him and he agreed—having wanted to take a gander in those mountains too. “By the way,” I turned and asked. “That’s a pretty fancy pistol. You any good with it?”
He drew it so fast, made my head spin. “How’s that?” he asked after some fancy pistol work where it ended up in his holster.
“Well today a trip, but I am building a speculation business and we might have need for those who can provide law enforcement or private security.”
He grinned a moment. “Security, law enforcement, sounds interesting.”
“I thought so when I saw your gun work,” Clancey commented as he gathered the reigns to his horse. “Well young men,” he added. “About that trip up there,” he pointed at the mountains.
“Well,” I replied mounting my horse. “Time to visit this special springs place and this doctor.”
It took us the better part of the day and we camped in the foothills overlooking a beautiful sunset and the valley below. Turning around, one could glimpse the surrounding mountains ahead of us. The views were endless as we all chatted and cooked beans with a keg of beer to drink. We heard rustling in the nearby brush. Everybody froze and all of us had our hands quietly drawing our pistols with Clancey on a shotgun.
I took another sip of that cold beer and then a large bruin come out at us and we all opened fire at it with the shotgun blasting its face to bits. The large animal dropped to the ground a bloody mess and Clancey pulled a large knife making fast work. He’d cut up a whole bunch and we got sticks for the campfire. “Bear steaks,” I commented roasting one over the flames. “I ain’t ever tasted bear steaks before.”
“I have,” Scott commented. “I prefer beef myself.”
“Yeah,” Wyatt commented. “A good side of beef, there isn’t much better than that.”
“Ever try lamb?” Clancey grinned. Why that’s all he hadda say and we all drew our pistols. “I guess not,” he smiled and continued roasting his bear steak.
“These grizzly bears, they’re a big mean bunch,” I commented as I ate a part of that hot steak, and then forked some beans and a chug of beer in my tin cup.
“Yeah they are,” Wyatt noted and he took a bite of his steak. “Anyone know much about this spring we’re going to?”
“Just that a lot of locals seem to know about it. A few told the news recently it made em feel good,” I smiled. “So, I figured it an excuse to ride up this way.”
“Paiutes up in these parts can get pretty nasty I hear.” Clancey’s comments left us all quiet. The next morning we rode out after packing up camp. It was a scenic trail ride through the foothills of the mountains.
“Place up here they named Bear Valley,” I mentioned.
“Well after last night, I can see why,” Scott added.
“Hey,” I asked Clancey. “I read somewhere the Indians up here are called Serranos. You sure about them Paiutes?”
“Purdy sure,” he replied. We got to the spot atop a flattened mountain valley and there it was, a small building of sorts. There really wasn’t much and we all glanced at each other when we spotted a wagon with a guy at the helm and about eight ladies all spritzed up inside it. They’d come up a similar dirt road and trail up here and they drew to a stop while all four of us stayed mounted and watched them unload, one of them throwing me a smile.
“Did ya see that?” Clancey grinned.
“Looks like she’s got the eyes for ya,” Wyatt chided me and I wasn’t amused at all.
“She probably thinks I’m loaded with gold,” I had to answer that to all of them and then we rode to the building and tied the horses to the mount.
A well-dressed chap greeted us. He had beady dark eyes and a beard well groomed for these parts. One could tell he was pretty well educated by how he gabbed. “Hello gentlemen,” Doctor David Noble Smith called to us stepping out in front of the horses. “How might I interest you? We have a miraculous spring inside filled with minerals.”
“What kinda minerals?” Scott asked.
“Yeah what kind?” I added.
“They have healing powers. It’s fifty cents for a treatment, per man.”
“Fifty cents,” Wyatt protested. “Why hell, I can do a lot more with that.”
“That’d be two dollars for the four of us?” I asked.
The doctor’s expression became one of delight. “Uh yes,” he replied.
I turned to the other three men. Then I turned back to the doctor. “Same tub as them women?”
“Actually they are a spring, and yes.”
“We gotta get naked? Clancey asked.
“Once in them, yes that is fine, just use a towel as you enter for dignity.”
“I’m inviting everyone so heck,” I pulled out two dollars. “Okay,” I handed Smith the bucks. “It’s on me fellas, lets hit the springs with the current crop in there.” We all moved past the doc into the shack of a building, got naked in another room, grabbed towels and joined the ladies in the springs, which was a pit of hot water with periodic bubbles.
We had a great time and I had met that blond haired woman Erica Jensen. Turns out she had come here from New York on the eastern coast of the country and was working in town at a general store doing cleanup work. Those springs had made believers of all of us and the ladies were boarding the wagon for a late afternoon trip to San Bernardino. Over on the side, I met with Scott and we talked to Mister Smith about his springs.
“We can help you build a very large building for this place complete with overnight rooms and all, even a food place and a shop for extra profits. It would bring a much bigger capacity than what you have now.”
“It is something to consider,” he replied. “I had thought about this, but your engineer Scott here seems to believe we can get it done in a year or less.” He took pause as we watched the remaining ladies loaded on the wagon. “Yes, let us do this,” he smiled.
“Great,” I replied. “My engineer Scott here and Mr. Clancey,” I pointed at both men, “They’ll be in touch and we’ll arrange what lumber and nails we need and stuff like that.” We had just cinched our first construction job and it seemed this would be an easy fix for the time being.
I approached the wagon and Erica was all smiles hanging out the back. “You come visit me when in town,” she smiled and the wagon took off, rolling away on the dirt trail as I smiled and we both waived.
Mr. Clancey approached from behind and he placed his hand on my shoulder. “That young lady likes you a lot.”
“I know,” I turned to him displaying a big broad a grin.
“Some women are real trouble,” Wyatt commented as he mounted his horse.
Scott approached with a note in hand. “We got this cinched up fellows. About a year and we should have this all built up.”
“Well, I don’t know about you guys, but I’m gonna follow Wyatt’s lead here and that wagon down the trail. If there are any hostiles, I wanna make sure they get to town safely.” My words got us all mounted up and we left for town below.

It was late getting down there and we never did catch up with them ladies, but tired as we were, I was buying. “Good saloons around these parts?”
“Sierra Way and Court Street. Place they call Whiskey Point. Lotsa saloons there,” Wyatt pointed and we all moseyed our horses in that direction.
We reached a nice big saloon on the corner and tied our horses to the hitching post when there was a gunshot and a guy was thrown out, drunk at our feet, near the steps of the saloon on the street. He was drunk alright, more than one too many and he couldn’t stand up. The guy who’d done some shooting was dressed in a black outfit. He was the type they called a gunslinger and he must have gotten in a bout over a card game. Whiskey and cards always lead to some calamities and this place was rife with em.
“Well gents,” Clancey stepped over the drunk in the street who passed out on the spot. “Let’s go get em, since he’s buying,” he pointed at me.
It was a large active place, single story and there were tables and a bar, and one of the ladies we’d been sitting with at the resort spa earlier. Clancey ordered a round of bourbons for us and they got poured. I took mine and walked over to that woman. She’d been talking to a young chap and I was of the idea that it was some kinda business dealin’.
She swung around, a pleasant smile and she was in a red lace and black outfit that was quite revealing. “Yes,” she grinned.
“Pardon the interruption ma~am,” I took my hat off and it didn’t set well with the guy that was seated at that table. He looked like pure trouble to me. I wasn’t the only one. At the bar, Wyatt tapped Clancey and he put his hand on his gun handle. “I only wanted to ask if ya knew where I might find that blond haired woman, Erica.”
“General Store two doors down,” she pointed and I took a step back. It seemed to ease the tensions and I returned to the bar.
“You almost got yourself into serious trouble,” Clancey downed his drink.
“Don’t worry,” Wyatt patted me on the shoulder with a grin downing his shot. “I had your back,” he added with a big grin. “Well guys, it was fun, but I better get back home. Pa and Ma will want to know where I wandered off to.” Wyatt bid us a wave.
“I’d like to head to that general store,” I told them.
“We’re going to stay here for a few more,” Clancey replied. “Oh, toss me a ten dollar coin.”
I reached in and grabbed it, handing it to him. It was actually a dollar bill rather than a coin. He studied it a moment and got back with Mr. Scott to drinking and I exited the premises. I was a bit drunk after several shots but managed to mount my horse and headed down the street to the General Store. Tying him to a hitch, I walked to the window and there was a lamp burning on the counter where she was counting monies. I knocked on the door and she glanced up, broke a modest and polite smile and made her way to the door. She opened it and I stepped in, whereby she latched the door closed behind me.
“Why James Cyder,” she teased me. “What brings you so soon?” I knew she probably smelled the drinks on me. “Would you like a nice hot apple cider? A cider for a Cyder,” she teased.
“Yeah, I can go with that,” I replied and she got out a teacup with fancy painting on it and a gold ring at the top of it. I’d never seen anything so fancy in my whole life.
“Now why don’t you sit right here,” she walked me to a little backroom table and sat me down. Then she set a tin box on the table. “Go ahead, open it,” she chided me.
I picked the box up and shook it and her expression changed right away. “What’s in it?” I asked her.
“James Cyder, open that box.” Her tone had become a bit defiant and I wasn’t about to get into it with no woman, so I cautiously opened it and inside were these cookies all fancied up. “Go ahead, I made them myself.” She sat across the small round table and poured me a cider. She sat back watching me, studying me as I took a bite into the cookie. “So!”
I took another bite and drank a sip of that hot apple cider to wash it down. “So what?” I replied.
“So, James Cyder, what do you think of my home made cookies?”
“Oh,” I broke a big bright smile. “Why these are the best,” I took another one and she smiled too. Must have been a couple of hours we was talking and then I remembered my friends at the saloon. “I better be heading back to the others Gotta get back to my ranch. Will you come visit one day, maybe a countryside picnic of sorts…nothing real fancy though.”
She helped me up as I had sobered up quite a bit. “Of course I would join you Mr. James Cyder. I would be delighted to go on a picnic.”
“Well if’n you’ll tell me where I can pick you up at, I mean err, where you live at, I’d come by one day.”
She wrote it down on a piece of the whitest sheet of paper I’d seen in some time. “Here,” she handed my hat  to me and walked me to the door. The both of us stared at each other a moment and then it happened. We both embraced each other’s lips in a deep passionate moment, and right there outside the door were Scott and Clancey sitting atop their saddles both smiling. We both turned and stared at them and we all broke out in a laugh.
“Good bye Miss Erica Jensen,” I mounted my horse after unhitching his reigns.
“Good night Mister Cyder,” she waived and the other two gents tipped their hats as we rode off.
“Ya might have yerself another woman,” Clancey joked and I just frowned at em as they were both so drunk, they stank of bourbon all the way back to the ranch.

At the ranch, my mother had been waiting in a rocking chair on the front porch and overseeing a lot of what had been going on. She stood up as we all three rode up and Mr. Beeder had them take the horses. “Having a wild time,” he grinned as all three of us passed him.
I paused a moment while mom’s expression of anger foretold what Clancey was in for. “Some of us did,” I motioned to mom as she took Clancey inside. “I’m heading up to a cottage over there to get some sleep. Got me a notion it’s gonna be a might bit noisy round these parts tonight,” I broke a modest grin. In the background ma was hollering at Clancey and I could see Mr. Scott heading out my way.
“Ya have a quieter place where I can nab a few winks?” he asked.
“Busy day for you tomorrow,” I reminded him. “Yeah, come this way, I’m shacking with some ranch hands in the big bungalow over that away.” We both hiked it and the long night was ahead.
Next morning we made the main house and had griddles for eats and a steak. Everyone was in high spirits and Mr. Beeder helped get Scott set up with a few buckboards and ranch hands. I was about to help get the good doctor’s clinic of health built up and profit from it, enough to begin building this part of our business. Now I wondered about Wyatt Earp and if he’d made it okay. Took the good part of a day’s ride into town and then to the Earp Ranch. It was on the east end near an area they call Redlands nowadays. Wasn’t much of a place and his dad seemed an honest chap. Had a long beard, was from the old school of stern. I asked where Wyatt was and he told me he wasn’t available. Little did I know of the whipping his pa gave him, the lashes on his back for having gone out instead of doing chores at this place. I split and left Mr. Earp Sr. a cordial adios. Wouldn’t see Wyatt Earp again in person for some time to come. Nice chap I suppose. Well it meant I’d have to find my security business people elsewhere. I turned to get a glance of the hill where Scott would be building the clinic.
A week had passed and I rode the buckboard into town and then down a dirt street and finally to her home where Erica kept things. In the back of the buckboard was a box with some eats, a bucket of melting ice and cups. She was all smiles and I hopped down, taking my hat off as I walked to her front porch. She was beautiful in a pink top with white neck lacing and a pair of denims and her cowgirl boots. We both embraced and the moments went by. “Well?” I asked her with a big bright grin.
“A picnic?” she asked staring at the big metal box. “Is that the picnic basket?”
“Well sorta,” I replied modestly helping her up onto the buckboard bench. Then I got up on it, took the reigns and we went for a country ride to the east. “So, here we are on this first picnic.”
“Yes,” she smiled as she held my arm and we rode along. Ahead was the tall mountain San Gorgonio and there was still bits of leftover snow atop it from this past winter. We rode a dirt road, and then turned onto a trail and finally come to an old scrub oak in a field of cattails. You could here cicadas whining and distant rattlesnakes this warm day. I pulled the buckboard to the shade of the big tree and we both dismounted. We spread a blanket out after making sure we weren’t gonna be sitting on any ant hills, then unloaded the box, melted ice and drinks. I had a small wooden folding table and took that out. The legs on it were only a foot so it sat near the ground.
“My God,” I took a breath staring into her eyes. “Your beauty and wisdom keep me company this day,” I continued and I could see it brought a great big bright smile upon her face. The gentle breeze and our budding young love foretold perhaps of another lady in my life and I was sure working at it.
Chapter 08 – Monarchs and Water

Now a few years had passed and I finally began seriously courting Miss Erica Jensen and it had become serious. It was time for that picnic of the past to become a reality. I reckoned back to the clinic of health we’d built on the hill there, where Erica and I had met. Mister Clancey had grown older and more tired and the 1870’s were almost upon us. Up in the San Gabriel’s, a small brown Grizzly Cub had been born. He wasn’t much at first, but through the summer months, began to grow as he followed his mother through the mountains.
With a new few room additions and a second story floor to call home, it was time for Erica perhaps, to move in at my ranch. I had talked with mom about this and she was so delighted. It seemed both Erica and her hit it off just right and why, those two ladies, they were almost like a mother and daughter.
The company in construction had grown as well, though we never did get a security company going properly. It just never worked out with that Wyatt Earp chap, a shame really. I was of a notion he’d have been a might bit happy with a job like that.
Now it just so happened, that one of the bigger landowner’s in Southern California was a Mister Henry Dalton, a real big shot around these parts. Make no mistake about that. He wanted us to build several small dams on his property at Rancho De Azusa, for his waters. I was going over this with Mister Scott and his other construction engineers and one of em brought a news clipping a year back showing troubles on this particular property. I had me a notion, this was gonna be real trouble. Don’t ask how I knew, but it had the makings for difficulties and the last thing I wanted was difficulties. However, the money was a big lump sum and all things considered, this was a good opportunity on the reputation of our company and so we accepted.
Meanwhile, out in the back, they were trying to break in a new horse and I thought I might try some excitement. So I headed out back with the boys and we watched the last rider thrown to the dirt, his hip hurting him bad. He was a big brown and white Stallion and he had a mean streak about him that we wasn’t going to be ridden. “Why,” Clancey padded me on the shoulder with a betting gesture. “Ya man enough to break em in?”
“How much ya wagerin’?”
He took pause, and Scott and Beeder both approached. “Fool’s ride if yer asking me,” Beeder informed.
“Yeah Clancey,” Scott turned to him. “How much are you wagering on James ride and for how long.”
Clancey turned to me. “One minute. If you can beat that, I’ll wager five dollars.”
“One minute, huh,” I smiled and then hopped over the fence. “How about two minutes and triple at fifteen dollars?”
“That’s a fair amount of wages,” Beeder egged him on.
Clancey took out the money, holding it up and I mounted that horse, reaching down and pulling my gonads up. He started snorting, bucking and jumping and trying his best to throw me. As long as I held the horn tight and kept my ass on that saddle, I was good. I kept my feet tight in the stirrups and tried to keep any motion that might crush my gonads while the stallion worked it. It got pretty nasty as the moments flew by and finally he rubbed against the fence getting me all splintered up in my right arm and it hurt pretty bad. Then he turned sharp, dipped his head and threw me forward, jumping up. Coming down, both hooves landed either side of my face and then he turned and ran.
They jumped in the corral and helped me to the other side of that fence. “So did I win?” I asked Clancey.
He paused a moment, and Beeder and Scott both turned to him. “Well,” Beeder asked him. “Ain’t ya gonna tell him.”
Clancey took the money out. It was fifteen dollars. “Four in a half minutes and ya broke him too.” He handed the money over and I pocketed it. However, it wasn’t a complete win.
As they helped me walk back to the main house, Erica came down the front porch steps and was downright panicked. “Oh my God,” she called as she ran to me. It was all of them splinters in my arm, the blood and the limp I’d just gained that did it.
Clancey started chuckling and mom exited that front door. She watched Erica helping me and she flew into a fit of range, wagging her finger agasp at Clancey. “How can you let this happen to my son Mister Jim Clancey? I thought you a better man than this.”
“Well,” he turned and pointed at me. “He’s the one who wagered the bet, even tripled it.”
“You conned him into betting for this?” She was even angrier in tone as she slapped his shoulder. “You come in this house right now,” she demanded and some of the ranch hands laughed.
“I just can’t win anything,” he mumbled, ascending the stairs on the porch.

Inside, Erica had a lamp on me and she was picking the splinters from my arm with tears running down her face. “Ouch,” I called as she pulled a big one that splintered even more under my skin.
“Be still,” she replied, a harshness in her tone. I could tell she was not just worried, but also really pissed off at me and it wasn’t to my liking to have a woman so angry with me.
“Well, I did win the bet,” I boasted with a big smile. Suddenly she burst a small laugh and pulled another big splinter. “Ouch!”
Then she broke into another laugh and we both burst out laughing as my mother ascended the stairs to the second floor. She opened the door to the room and approached the two of us. “What’s so funny?” she demanded.
We both laughed even harder and then whatever magic that laughter had, she started laughing too. “I took Clancey for triple the bet,” I replied and mom and her laughed even harder. We all enjoyed a good laugh until the knock at the open door.
Scott was there, hat in hand. “James, do we head out tomorrow to rendezvous with Mister Dalton on the building contracts?”
“Yes we do,” I replied.
“No you don’t,” mom cut in. “James Cyder, you are in no shape to go on any long rides,” she commented.
I had to think quickly, staring Erica in the eye. “This guy has a flower mill which produces flower to make baked goods. What if Erica here accompanied on the ride and we took the buckboard instead?”
It brought a moment of silence. “I think that is a splendid idea,” she mired.
Mother crossed her arms and paused for a moment as we all waited. She stared eye-to-eye with Erica, and then turned to me and I nodded my head. Then she turned to Erica. “Take good care of my son tomorrow,” and she exited the room.
Scott smiled as mom passed and he watched Erica, and I in a moment of passion. “Tomorrow at sun up,” he smiled before leaving.

The following day, we took the road along the San Gabriel’s toward the mapped location of Rancho Azusa and a meeting with Mister Dalton. It was a blustery warm day and there were some thin wispy clouds high above the range, floating like islands in the sky. Scott and a few armed hands rode with us as escort for the deal. Erica had the reigns and we had two strong stallions pulling the wagon along as I enjoyed the landscape. It was a very big land and it was all here, ripe for the taking. The ride from our place to this Dalton place I reckoned would be about 3 hours or thereabouts. We watched that big bald, rounded against the blue blustery sky. As a few more clouds began to gather, they were probably rains over the mountains and they reminded me of that big flood a few years back in ElDoradoville and then the one in Lytle Creek. Those brought thoughts about Misses Glenn and her ranch. I wondered how they were doing there, and then there was that mysterious hunter fellow at creek side. A Mister Charles Vincent, told me he was into hunting. I wondered about him too. Maybe get myself into a hunt one day with him and see what type of hunting he does.
As the ride drew on, we approached the area where I used to ride to ElDoradoville and so I was greatly familiar with it all. Map showed a dirt road and we took that to an open area and there it was. A large ranching operation with the hills in the background. It was a large squared two-story home with a veranda on both the upper and lower levels that went around it. “Wow, that’s bigger than your place,” Erica commented as I took the reigns from her and we rode up to the property.
There were a few men and they all had Henry rifles in hand, as the lead guy Marcos approached. I drew the buckboard to a halt, as did my other riders. “Hello the camp,” I smiled. “We are here to see a Mister Henry Dalton as his business guests.”
Marcos  turned and motioned us with the tip of his rifle. “Mister Dalton’s inside. Go ahead, you can hitch your horses to the fence over there,” he motioned and I smiled, tipped my hat at him. All three of those men must have been lonely as they stared at Erica while we rode to the front of the home. The other men tied their horses to the fence and I helped Erica down from the buckboard.
The front door opened and an older gentleman with white balding hair and a neatly trimmed long goatee appeared. He was very well dressed, and behind him, a Mexican woman appeared, also very elegantly dressed and with an umbrella in her hands. It was probably for show and also in case she went out into the sun.
With Erica on my left and Scott on my right, we ascended the stairs to his porch and he extended his hand with a friendly smile. “You must be James Cyder?”
“Yes Sir Mister Dalton, I am and this is Erica and of course my engineer Mister Scott,” I replied.
“Come in,” he told us, and then he called out to one of those armed men, the lead guy who first greeted us. “Marcos, make sure you feed and water their horses and serve their men some food and drink.”
“Si, Mister Dalton,” he replied motioning our other guys.
Inside, we sat in a large room and a woman served us drinks. Mister Dalton emerged with his own tray with three wine glasses. “Something else I am into,” he smiled. “Please try them, let know what you think of the flavor.”
“Wine,” I glanced up while holding the glass in hand. I took a small sip, and then drank more of it. “Very good stuff,” I handed the empty glass back and he put it on the tray.
Erica suddenly took a sip and burped aloud. She looked embarrassed and then drank more and giggled delightfully. Turned out that Mexican wife of his, her name was Maria Guadalupe Zanorano and her daddy Augustin Vicente Zamorano. He was the former Mexican Governor of the lands of Alta California before Mexico passed the Mexican State to the United States Government. She patted Erica on the hand and took her empty glass. Scott never did finish all of his and brought a slight momentary frowning eye from Dalton. Then he turned back to me. “The problem we face here is this is my land legally, but many squatters have come and they are siphoning off my water for their herds, while depriving mine. We need to build a solid canal and dam up parts so we have enough water for my cattle and also my flower mill too.”
“My significant other here,” I turned a moment to Erica who blushed while Dalton broke a pleasant smile. “She was wondering if we could buy a keg of flower for baking before we left.”
“Well young lady,” he replied. “I will make sure you leave with two free kegs. Now, where were we? Oh, we need a canal built that is strong.”
“Mister Scott here can survey the area in question if your people will show him around and we can get it going as soon as we get a note at the bank on it.”
Dalton went over to a shiny big rollaway desk and opened it, taking a fountain pen to paper. He wrote for a few minutes. “Take this to a nearest Well’s Fargo bank and hand them this letterhead. My signature is good.”
I took that note, and the amount we’d agreed upon was on it, right there with his signature.
Scott exited and rode with one of our armed guys and two of Dalton’s armed men. Sure enough, people had built shanty’s and were on land adjacent to Dalton’s, claiming it as theirs and to make matters worse, they were diverting much of his water as he’d claimed. What Scott found was that upstream, strategically, damming the water would solve at least that problem and with no water, it meant the squatters would probably leave or abandon their lands that belonged to Mister Dalton and his family.
On the way back, we all discussed this and it was apparent that after we finished the dams and canal work, it would be best to leave well enough alone for our company.
That night, we returned to our spread and everyone was glad to see us, especially mom. We were all in the big hall by the fireside talking. “Well, tomorrow Jim and I will ride into the bank at San Bernardino and deposit the note, then Scott, we’ll get the stuff on your list from the general stores and any construction places and wagons to transport it to Mister Dalton’s place. About how long Scott, are you figuring on this project?”
“Well,” he turned a moment to his assistant and then back to the rest of us. About two months, maybe three. The dams will take work, but they are small so those will be the main bulk. Gravel the creek in spots to re-strengthen it as a canal and we should be good.”
Chapter 09 – The Water Wars

Now that very next morning, we rode into town at San Bernardino and went to that Wells Fargo bank there. Scott and I walked into the bank and waited a moment behind another chap at the teller’s window and then we approached and handed him the note. He read it, turned and went to a back office whereby he emerged with the branch manger a Mister Niles Nelson.
“I see you have a letter of large credit from a Mister Henry Dalton,” he studied it a moment. “You know that he is a very big name around this state,” he mired. “Okay, we will deposit and transfer his funds for you. It will take several days as our riders will have to take them from his bank account in Los Angeles. We don’t have the wire set up at this branch yet.”
“So we are good to go in about a week?” Scott asked.
“Uh, yes,” Niles smiled.
Meanwhile, back at the ranch house, Erica opened one of those kegs of Mister Dalton’s flower. She sank her hands into it and turned to my mother. “Up for baking some bread and cookies?”
Mom sighed with her hands at her sides. “I am rather busy with other issues right now, like the stables. Fernando has not been cleaning up after all of the horses lately and James won’t be happy if he hears that. Speaking of, did he head into town this morning?”
“Uh yes Misses Clancey, he did,” Erica smiled. She opened a cupboard and took out an iron tray. Then she pumped a water handle at the sink, and water started flowing. She took the flower and began mixing it with water and then kneading it. She held a big ball of dough up with a perky and suggestive hint of adventure. “Sure you won’t get involved.”
“No,” she replied in a perturbed tone. Then my mother left her and exited to the stables.
We had the wagons by day’s end and rode them to the lumberyard and query for cement. “Scott, you have the go ahead. I’ll sign for it and square up with them next week.” I met up with the foreman and his partners and he agreed to the materials. After that, I parted with Scott and headed back towards the ranch. It was dark and I was alone on the road back, and it gave me time to think about hunting and fur trade for clothing. People had to have clothes to keep them decent and this was another expansion I was contemplating. I’d thought about the baking business, but it just didn’t fit in at this point. A professional hunting outfit was something I pondered, though it wasn’t high on my list at this time.
Erica was sitting there right on the large front porch in the big rocking chair, knitting something as Mister Beeder approached, placing his foot on the step. “Everything secured here for the night ma~am. I reckon I’ll be turning in. You okay?”
“Why yes,” she replied nervously. “Yes I am,” and she got back to her evening knitting. Just then, a slight breeze came up and it had a small end-of-summer chill to it. I approached her quietly and then stood behind her.
“That big ol’ mountain up there,” I pointed. “Bald one just setting there, etched against blue skies in the day and the stars at night. Give a cool breeze.”
“I am a little cold,” she pulled her arms in and I took my leather jacket off and wrapped her in it. It was a quiet and romantic moment with crickets chirping in the night.
“So what ya making?” I asked.
“A new sweater top from this yarn,” she replied. “I’ve become quite astute at it.”
“As what?” she got me baffled with those fancy words of hers.
“Astute,” she smiled in a mire of wisdom and a hint of that girly passion. “Why James Cyder, you don’t know what that means,” she grinned at my stupidity.
“Of course I know what it means.”
“Oh really. Then would you enlighten me sir what it means?”
“Well,” I started and then required a few moments. “It means you’re big on something,” I broke a big grin of ego mixed with my pride and she frowned for a moment, before coming back with an expression of a real smarty-pants stamped on her womanly face, and I knew I was in big trouble. “How’s that?” I added.
“You failed,” she frowned. Then she got up out of that chair and gave me a peck of a kiss in a sort of teasing manner. “Sleep on it tonight, I will tell you in the morning.”
“Oh heck, how’d ya know I ain’t messin’ with ya right now?”
“Woman’s intuition,” she grinned and walked past me inside.
I took a deep breath, just shook my head and mumbled, “woman’s intuition.” I never could figure em out.
A week had passed and the money was there and signed for and Scott was busy at the Dalton ranch spread building things for him. That’s when a rival construction firm undercut the rest of the job and promised added security for his spread. It killed Scott’s engineering build and it was the first time this rival business cut in.
In two days, Scott was heading back and with half the purchases in his possession and I realized this was not a good thing. He drew the wagon to a stop with the loaded buckboards behind him. Those horses were tired from the haul and Beeder and the others helped water them as Scott approached us.
“Another builder cut in, Dalton withdrew his banking offer,” he was sweating like a hog. “We got about half of it done, but another builder.”
“Get a name?” I was fuming mad, the steam practically rose from my head.
“He didn’t say much, other than they undercut the second half of the job. Called them an s firm of some sort.”
“S firm?” it just baffled me. “What kinda name is that?”
“Don’t rightly know,” Scott took his hat off, wiping the sweatband and then setting it atop his head proper. “Something else,” he added.
“Yeah…and what’s that?”
“They got an armed security of some type there. A bunch of em, more than we got, like a union army or something.”
“Sounds like they’re gonna have a war.” I couldn’t help for notion that bad feelings were festering at Dalton’s Rancho.
Beeder approached, his hands at his sides and Erica walked behind me, holding onto my side in disappointment. “You been beat out,” Beeder mired for a moment, and then stared at Erica. He tipped his hat to her and my mother who approached us. “Ladies,” he told em before turning his attention to me. “I’ve seen this type of thing before, Mister Cyder. It gets worse unless it’s stopped.”
Deep down, I knew he was probably right and coming from his older wisdom, I’d be of a notion to do something about it the old-fashioned way. However, my calm head told me else wise. “Naw, Southern California is a very big place. It might not be all gold, but there is a lot to build on here.”
“It’s your business,” Beeder replied.
“Yes,” Clancey chimed in behind my mother. He stepped up beside me. “It most certainly is.”
“Now guys, it is my call as the final word, and honestly, let it go.” I stared at that big bald distant mountain. It struck me how peaceful it was up there, how things looked from atop it down upon the world. However, there was also a hidden danger as well—Grizzly Bears!
The local Indian tribes respected the bears, avoided them and left the bears to the environment. Unfortunately, the settlers had nothing but run-ins with grizzlies since they arrived and the bears stood their ground. The local Mexicans ran bear and bull fights in the small but growing town of Los Angeles and they placed bets on them. How it worked was they tied a rope to the bear’s leg and the other end on a bull’s leg and then placed bets on which one would win, when both animals were released in the ring. It was what I thought, nothing more than a cruel waste of sorts and I suspected that the bears were a limited population too.

Mister Dalton had not only his quick gun hand Marcos, but a mister John Pinker from the S-Builders too as well as hired guns. Pinker was a rather thin chap with blondish hair, green eyes and a jutting chin and oh, he was wicked fast drawing on his six-shooter. He was also a killer, wandering to where the next monies came calling. In this case it was the owners of S-Builders and they made sure mister Pinker and group were well armed to oppose squatters on Dalton’s lands.
Meanwhile at our place, Erica sat and talked with mom and then got a notion. She wanted to get married and I wasn’t sure if I was a marrying type or not. Oh, she went on and on and on about this and that, and it was like a one-sided world of sorts. Of course, there was a stature and image one had to uphold these days and we talked further and went out on a picnic again as we’d done most Sundays after attending the local church. Then, setting there upon that blanket, I finally broke a big grin and replied — a proverbial big YES!
She became elated that she would become one Miss Erica Cyder and it seemed her elation overflowed to myself as well.

KABOOM!!! That dam we’d built for Mister Dalton flew in all directions from a dynamite blast and the waters flowed with shots flung on both sides of the river. The water wars had finally initiated; though in following years it would grow worse for the ranch owners like Dalton. The old man struck a squatter upon the hand and that guy drew a pistol on him. Luckily, Marcos was there to draw upon the squatter, thus saving Mister Dalton’s life. Meanwhile, without that small dam we’d built, the water burst through the smaller S-Builders dam below and flooded a fair area.

In the San Gabriel’s up the east fork, a fisherman was trying for trout. He’d left his single shot rifle nearby when there was a crunching footstep from behind. He turned and there was a young bruin about 700 pounds. It lunged at him, he screamed, trying to scatter, but it caught him with those long claws and ate him for a midday snack. The fishing pole dropped in the flowing waters and the bear next turned on the man’s tied horse that couldn’t escape. At this young age, this grizzly bear had already killed a few folks and it was just getting started. In coming years, this animal would become more famous for the terror it spread along the locals living in Southern California and grow even larger than legend.

Erica became Misses Erica Cyder and the church bell rang as people fired some pistols in the air. The two of us couldn’t have been happier and that’s when my mother collapsed on the front steps of the church, right there before all of us. One moment, she’d been smiling, happy as ever, the next, she collapsed from an illness and Clancey’s face went flush white.
“Well Doc?” I asked at the local San Bernardino Doctor’s office.
“Your mother has a cancer.”
“A cancer?” I asked.
“Yes. She’s probably known about it for quite some time. That is the reason her stomach is so swollen.”
“Well, is there a way to fix this cancer?”
“No,” he looked away and Erica grabbed my shoulders in tears. “I can provide a serum for her to take daily as the pain increases. Unfortunately, there is no cure for this type of illness. Not at this stage,” he stared me in the eye and I could see that the doc was very serious about this.
“Can she talk to us?” Clancey asked.
“Yes, she can,” the doctor replied as he made his way into the next room. Then the doctor stared at both my bride and myself.
“What happens next…doc?”
“I rather not say,” doc replied.
I turned to my new bride. “I want to talk to the doctor alone for a few minutes.” Erica wiped her tears and went into the room with Clancey to visit mom. “Now doc, you can inform me what happens.”
“I really didn’t want to say, but since you ask. This is a disease there is no current cure for. At least not with what I have to work with. At first, she will be tired out, then her weight will decrease till she becomes a skeleton of the mother you’ve know most of your life. Look, I really don’t want to…”
“Go on Doc, I insist!”
“Then her pain gets worse, much worse. That pain medicine in the bottle won’t help. She’ll begin to suffer as her life is drained. It will hurt so bad, she will wish she was dead.”
It struck me hard, very hard that I’d just realized what he didn’t want to tell me and I could see in his eyes and his hardened heart. I had pressed a good man to tell me the truth. He gathered his bag together. “Thanks doc,” I looked away and he left as Erica came to me, holding my shoulders, her eyes welled with tears.
“We will make it happen,” Erica told me.
“Yeah,” I replied hugging her, “we will.”

That water war had grown worse and it also enabled the S-Business to grow over the next few years. Meanwhile the newest terrors of a grizzly that killed a guy on the eastern end of the San Gabriel’s was making print in the local newspaper.
The months passed and so did my mother. She was gone and it left Mister Clancey to become a drunkard. The old guy couldn’t handle what had happened and that day in the winter months, we stood watching the dirt filled atop her coffin. I tried to fight back my tears, but it was just too hard. This was the last of my old family, now gone, and I was on my own again with the exception of my beloved wife. She’d assumed the role of wife, mother and the lady of the sprawling estate we’d built, along with our other businesses.
As for Mister Dalton. He ended up in court battles before judges and he seemed to be on the declining side of things. It was a shame really, because he came across as a man of honor and integrity yet the hordes of new squatters upon his lands, took his lifestyle away piece-by-piece and there wasn’t much he could do about it. Times, they were a changing and the new six-shooters had arrived too. No more cap and ball loading. These were sort of repeaters much like my older Henry Rifles.
It was a sunny morning and some of the ranch hands and me, why we rode into San Bernardino and paid a visit to the local gun shop for something new. We dismounted and tied the tired horses to a hitching post near the water troughs. It was late spring now and we entered the gun shop to see what pickings they had in the glass case.
One pistol that caught my eye was the new one with a shiny finish and a spring stick ahead of the cylinder. “By the Colt company, they call this one a Peacemaker,” and that’s all the shop owner had to say to get everybody’s attention.
“Peacemaker?” I questioned.
“More like pieces when ya get done,” Beeder grinned.
“How much?” I asked.
“Eighteen dollars,” the shop owner replied. “I’ll even throw in a box of free ammo.”
“I’ll take thirty of them,” I replied, turning to Beeder and the others.
“I don’t have that many fellers, but I can get more in about two weeks. Only have five now so you’d be cleaning me out.”
“For this size purchase which will be paid in advance, what about a few free cases of ammo?” I reckoned since we were dickering on the amount being bought, he ought to make good somehow and it didn’t hurt to ask. He could always say no.
A moment went by, and the other guys were tired, a bit worn and everyone was watching the storeowner. Then he broke a friendly grin. “I’ll provide you three full cases of ammo for your new guns, but that is payment for this shipment in advance.”
“I’ll draft a note at the bank for your sale at five hundred and forty dollars sir,” I smiled and the owner grabbed that pistol, handing it to me and then went to his storage closet emerging with a few more. I loaded the rounds one by one and now had a loaded six-shooter. “Peacemaker huh,” I winked and set this one into my old holster. It’s didn’t fit quite as well as my old gun did. “What about new holsters at a discount rate?”
Chapter 10 – Old Baldy Bruins

Repeating rifles, these newfangled, quick loading cartridge six-shooters. The times they were achangin’ and not always for the better. The area round these parts started becoming more crowded too as the 1880’s were fast approaching. Our construction company had grown and we were busy building bigger structures. Our reputation for building, constantly kept Scott busy. I rarely saw him anymore, but he was well paid and I knew I’d hired the right man on that day we built a bigger spa for that gentleman in the hills. I knew this, because our bank earnings grew with Wells Fargo Bank and we had more resources to divest.
We started our own small detective agency and in a few years were doing business as well. However, with all this growth, our ranch remained the same, aging a bit, but the same. The fenced lands held many cattle and we supplied the surrounding communities with beeves and sheep’s wool.
That wool meant clothing and Erica proved an apt businesswoman, besides being the lady of the house. She had opened a small wool place and made jackets with it and leather, kind of a stylish touch and we profited from that too.
Clancey had vacated and nobody knew where he went after my mother passed some years back.

Way up on the northern end of the San Gabriel’s, Jim Clancey, hurting from aching joints shot and killed a buck with a single shot from his Henry rifle. He pulled his knife to cut it up when a large grizzly bear come upon him. The bear was a big one, over seventeen hundred pounds; and it lunged at Jim Clancey and he stuck it with that knife. The grizzly was determined to kill Jim and it got him to the ground, all that weight upon him and he used that knife, laying it into the bear’s belly and pulling it and while he killed the bear, it was mauling him to death as well, biting down into his face. Jim expired and the dying weight of the bear fell upon him; the dead buck nearby. The smells from all of this attracted another large bruin and it wasn’t long before this very large bruin began feasting on everything.

I sat in the rocker on the porch and was staring at that balding mountain etched against the winter skies. Erica approached out the front door and walked up behind me placing her hand upon each shoulder. “You have been staring at that mountain for years. Majestic, isn’t it. And what’s that letter you got the other day?”
“Yeah I have. Been wanting to visit it. I remember running into an impressionable young lad some years ago when I was a yonker one myself, and I think he lives up there somewhere. Even invited me to a hunt in this here letter. Explains where I meet up for the buck hunt.”
“You know James Cyder, what your problem is?” She said that in a sort of scornful tone.
“I turned and glanced up at her. “And what is that?” I asked.
“No excitement, if’n ya ask me,” Beeder commented, then cleared his throat.
“Exactly,” Erica smiled. “I think a big hunt would do you just fine,” she broke her normally polite smile and I just stared blank at her for the moment while Beeder stood bye waiting for my next outburst.
“Well, I wasn’t askin ya,” and I turned to her. “And you, the misses of the house, all this excitement stuff.”
“Well, you were a young man once, right?” she replied.
“So,” I gave her that same expression, she had raised a brow on me.
“So, why don’t you take some time off work around here and go with some friends and find excitement, except the kind that hurts me.” She added.
“Now hang on a second,” I shot back in anger. “Have I ever lied to you, cheated on you at all?”
“No you haven’t and you better never do those things if you know what’s good for you,” she got angry.
Beeder crossed his arms with a smirk. “I ain’t saying nothing,” he turned and walked away.
“Adventure,” I mumbled. Then I took a last gander in the direction of that big balding mountain. “Maybe it’s time, this invite and all,” I said aloud and entered the main foyer into the home. I walked upstairs to our bedroom and she was fixing her hair in the mirror and swiveled to glimpse me.
“Where are you going?” she asked.
“You wanted me to go on an adventure of some sort, so I found one.”
“The mountain?” I stood there blank letting her ponder her own suspicions. “Don’t tell me it involves another woman,” she became a bit perturbed, pursing her lips.
“Well yeah it does,” I replied and that was about all I had to say and she come at me, hairbrush in hand. “Not that kind of woman.”
“Then what kind of woman?” she demanded and her fury was all pent up.
I pointed at the window. “That one up there,” and she turned to spot the big bald mountain. “Winter up there—so might be a bit cold and them bears rarely go out during the cold months. I might even bring ya back one of them rams from atop there.”
She broke into the biggest pretty smile there was and we both embraced.
October 1st, 1888: I set out for several days ride to meet up with Mr. Vincent for his hunt. Somehow, I’d made an impression on him and he had another who would hunt with us, a Mr. DeLancey. It was cold out and a day later, I stopped by a general store on the outskirts of Lytle Creek, which brought back memories. Of course these days, we had our business claws in a number of big mining operations and were pulling gold profits from them. However, it did bring back memories for me of a more innocent time when I was building my life as a younger one, making my way in the world. Now I had grown, had a home, a great wife, large ranching outfit and had invested in many avenues as what I had planned to grow to be, a speculator…and speculating I’d done.
After departing the general store, I thought perhaps, with time of stopping by the old Glenn Ranch and visiting her. The old lady would probably be delighted to see me, both her husband and the rest of that family. I wondered what became of their children.
I bedded down at a small inn on the outskirts of the high Mohave Desert for the night. They had a poker game going and also eats that were brought in fresh. Inn Keeper told me of recent Indian attacks so they had limits on what I could order.
Now, during the years with my Colt Peacemaker pistol, I’d gotten to be a wickedly fast draw on the gun and for good reason. It was usually the only law around these parts. That night I had corralled my horse and brought everything in a room I had, lessin’ my saddle. I lay in bed when I heard rustling outside the porch near my second floor window. Being a light sleeper and the excitement of the hunt, I tip toed to my holster, got my Peacemaker and went back to bed with it under my sheets. It was a bit windy and the nearby scrub oak was rustling back and forth. I could hear a distant desert owl calling and sometime after that a lone coyote howling. I was pretty near asleep when the window began to slide up. Someone was entering my room and that transgression meant I was headed for a difficulty of some type and it wasn’t the best one.
They were inside and slowly walked to my bedside and as they did, I tossed in bed and pulled my peacemaker. They thumbed the hammer back on their gun and I had already been waiting for them. Bang, the bullet blew a hole through them and they fell back in the dark. My shot was an arm length away and this brought up the clerk from down below and I could hear talking going on.
The clerk banged on the door. “You alright in there?”
I walked back to it, opening it. “Man come in my room through the window. Pulled a gun on me and I pulled mine first.” He lit a gas lantern.
The expression on the clerk’s face said it all. “He finally met a fate,” the clerk held his chin.
“Yeah, he sure did,” I holstered my gun. “Who is this person?”
“Goes by the name of Gully Whacker, been terrorizing travelers a while in these parts. Was a member of the original gang from Vasquez.”
“One of that guy’s men works on my ranch, been there decades. Said that the senior was actually a pretty honorable man.”
“Not so,” the clerk argued. “Vasquez robbed and murdered folk.”
“Well, I don’t suppose you have a room with a locked window so I can catch a few winks after ya get rid of that,” I pointed at his body.
The clerk had an old Indian come in and help him remove the body. “The other rooms are taken, but I’ll brace that window shut.”
“I’m much obliged.”
The following morning, I made trek on my aging horse into the mountains to one particular one that overlooked the desert on the north and sat across from the big balding mountain. We rode down trail around it and into a clearing. There was poison oak all over the place and also this plant that stings ya, hurts something bad called a nettle. Just ahead, I spotted a cabin and the way I figured it, with two horses and a pack mule, this was probably the place. “Hello the camp,” I called out as I walked my horse in by his reigns.
Cabin door opened and out stepped a gruff feller. “Who comes?” he asked.
“James Cyder. I am asking if this is where Mr. Charles Vincent lives?”
The big man stepped out onto the porch as I tied my horse and then greeted him. He had a very strong handshake, bluest eyes and he was calm headed as well. “Haven’t seen you for a long time,” Charles grinned.
“Yeah, been mighty busy, but your letter come out of the blue. I ain’t never hunted before like this. So you fellows hunting Bighorn on the big bald mountain?”
“They call it Mount San Antonio,” DeLancey informed. “Got lotsa bighorn sheep up there, a very fertile hunting ground. He noticed my rifles. “Henry?” he asked.
“Repeating rifle, comes in mighty handy,” I smiled.
Charles took one, studied it. “Bullet ain’t big enough to kill bighorn in a single shot.”
I walked back to my horse and pulled a hunting rifle. “Geweher 88, takes multiple cartridges,” I held it up and it had this fancy scope sighting on it. My money had purchased from Europe their very best at this time. I watched Charles scoping out distant targets and his smile deepened.
“Gives a sorta unfair edge,” he commented, handing it back to me.
“Well,” packed the gun up and got a bag off my horse with a fresh bourbon in it. “The end result is of course them bighorn.” My reply brought a moment of contempt in his eyes. Then he seemed to accept it. “When do we leave?”
“First thing at sunup,” DeLancey replied. “Best water yer horse and get shut eye,” Charles added. “River’s over there,” he pointed and I took my horse to it after having left my supplies at the cabin. A rattlesnake in the brush let me know he was there and we trudged through some of that poison oak getting to the stream. It was more a runoff than an actual river.
My horse drank and I couldn’t help but notice we were being watched. I kept my hand on my revolver and as I did, a Tongva Indian emerged. He walked along the stream and bent down for a cold drink. Then he wet his hair and stood up to face me. I was nervous and he broke a smile. “Hello friend, how are you?” he asked in perfect English. I rested my gun hand with a smile and turned to him.
“A mite tired I reckon. Just a bit nervous around these parts. Mean grizzly bears and all.”
“The bears were here first. They are a brother of the forest, a natural part of it,” he motioned around him with his hands. “They mean no harm but to survive as you do.”
“Yeah—I suppose.”
“If you leave them alone, they will leave you alone. If you attack them, they will attack you,” he added in a stern warning.
I watched his eyes a moment. “Been here long?”
“I am passing through to my tribe,” he replied. “I may try for small game further down the canyon. Travel safely friend,” he told me and I sneezed a moment, my eyes closing and he was gone. It was an open area and I just could not figure how he disappeared so fast, yet he was gone. My horse was all done and I filled up a big canteen. Then we turned and hiked back to the cabin the way we’d come.
That nightfall, I sat inside with the chaps and we were drinking and I told them about the Indian. Thomas grinned. “What’s that about?” I asked.
“Ghost,” DeLancey replied taking a sip of bourbon.
“Ghost?” I was a bit more than confused.
“Yeah,” Thomas chuckled. “Some visitors report a well dressed Tongva Indian round these parts. Might I ask what he said?”
“He said that grizzlies were friendly unless you shoot em.”
Both men gazed at each other a moment. “Friendly?” Thomas squinted in disbelief, his tone overtaken with anger. “Why those grizzlies are one of the meanest creatures you can ever come across.”
“You cross one of them,” DeLancey added. “And you best be armed with everything or they’ll snack on ya without an afterthought.” His words left something to consider and I hoped it wouldn’t come to it. “You ever eat grizzly meat?”
“Once,” I replied.
“Bear steaks are different, a delicacy of sorts,” Thomas smiled with a wink. “Well guys, time to turn in, long travel next couple days up top that big mountain.” He lowered the lantern and we bedded up for the night. It was quiet and peaceful, the horses made no noises, for if anything was near that was dangerous to them, they would have been mighty noisy, snorting, neighing and all, but they didn’t.
Morning came early, still a bit dark outside, though there was a hint of the sun on the eastern horizon. We got everything packed and our animals saddled for the ride.
It wasn’t long after some flapjacks and coffee we were on our way toward that big beautiful bald mountain etched against a blue sky with some thin wispy clouds. We rode a trail following Thomas with DeLancey taking up the back and the horses took this trail in stride. The trail went west and downward through a gulch with a flowing stream runoff where I watered my horse yesterday. Then he turned toward another canyon and we rode up there, surrounded by tall peaks. It opened into a small meadow and we paused and watered the horses and mule.
From there we rode east through tall canyons, guarded by mountain peaks and the canyon narrowed the further we got, until we were riding steep switchbacks. Perhaps an old Indian trail, maybe the army carved it or other explorers. We rode this to the top of the eastern peak, then turned and rode the steep notch of the mountain up to the west and a tall mountain peak with sheer drops on either side. One slip of the animals and we were goners for sure. Got to one point whereby we dismounted with animals in toe and walked it to the top.
My feet were aching in these boots and the air was thin up here. Made for going at a slower rate. It was cold and windy up here; and we stood gazing out at the world and we weren’t even on that balding mountain yet. With the sun beginning to set, we staked the horses down and then setup camp and the temps were frigid at best. We got a campfire going and it was hard at first. But, we managed to shelter down in this small and level part of the mountain top. The horses seemed a bit nervous so we took turns in three-hour shifts with a watch on em. Thomas suspected trouble might be brewing in the area, though he never elaborated what that trouble might be, just that he had a gut notion. I walked to him. “Just one mountain over.”
“Yep,” Thomas grinned. We ride the top of the Devil’s Notchback from here to the top of that mountain and then go hunting. We’ll setup camp there tomorrow. Tonight, we brave the cold temps up here.”
“And damned cold it is,” I shivered back to my sack and the tent.
The morning found steady cold winds, so cold the chill got me up fast. The animals were cold as well and we fixed them up for a ride. Got a pan out, filled some water and the horses sipped before we rode out. The trail ahead was also on a steep ledge but it was pretty clear-cut. It would go west, down a bit then climb right onto the mountain and there was enough width except at the bald mountaintop. Thomas assured that once there, it flattened to open peaks and small valleys. That damned mule was getting a bit anxious on us and required some coaxing behind the last horse. DeLancey seemed quite at home as he’d been this way before.
We rode the steep notch trail and it was about half a day with a slow gait and we were almost at the bald mountain. Spotted a big condor soaring amongst the peaks. Wasn’t every day I got to see one of those. We rode the trail left of the actual notch and it was a pretty steep ride, but the last little bit was to come. We had worked the horses and mule a lot this ascendance up the backside of this mountain.
Finally, we reached what I didn’t like. It was a short steep climb up this hilltop. Thomas dismounted and grabbed the mule by the reigns. Then he pulled it, hiking up the top of the hill and the mule was there. I took his horse reigns and walked his mount alongside mine up that steep top and then DeLancey rode his up as the horse hooves sank in the loose soil. We were here, at the top of the San Gabriel’s on the third highest mountain in Southern California and we were all tired, especially the animals.
With the sun high over us, it was cold and windy up here, but we were standing atop a flat peak just as Thomas mentioned. We found a small pool of water and the horses lapped it all up, the mule too. “What now?” I asked.
“We go east down the trail to there in the notch and set camp,” Thomas replied.
“By tomorrow, we’ll have lotsa bighorn kills,” DeLancey took his usual pride.
“I don’t invite everybody,” Thomas grinned.
We rode a steep trail that widened to the gap and it leveled out. There were tall pines everywhere and a small runoff creek nearby. The horses were watered and we tree tied them all, the mule by himself. Then we pitched camp and got a nice warm big fire started. The breeze through the trees reminded me of the time when I was a younger one and dad took us to the gulf. I’ll never forget the crashing waves on the beach and this breeze through the pine needles reminded me of just that.
We had all adjusted to the altitude. It was much different up here and glancing out across the country, you had a hawk eye view of most everything. From where I stood, I could spot the general area, way out there where my ranch lie. I wondered about the misses and as I did, back at the ranch, unbeknownst to her, she and the ranch hands were to be treated to a brutal visit.

He was an older chap, a voice I would have recognized and he was in charge of the S-Builder company who also had grown to become a major speculating company in competition with us. They had stolen a few business deals, but it would be nothing like what was coming in the near future.

I spotted a big horn up near where we had come down from and I pointed it out to the men. “Well,” Thomas grinned. “What are ya waiting for with that fancy rifle and all? Go get em, that one belongs to you.”
I grabbed the rifle and mounted the horse. “Happy hunting,” DeLancey called out. Then I took off up that hill and as I did, Thomas and DeLancey spotted a couple of bighorns on the opposite peak about half way up to the east. They both mounted up and rode in that direction. I dismounted and tied my horse to a small sapling. Then grabbed the new fancy rifle with a scope and sighted the bighorn in. Boom! The shot took him through the neck and he keeled over right there. It echoed in all directions and I was quite proud of my first shot. I hiked it to where the bighorn was and out from behind a tree, the biggest, meanest grizzly I’d ever seen stood up, and then dropped on all fours. He ripped into the dead bighorn and I stood there, rifle in hand since it had extra shots. I didn’t know at the time, but this was the bear that would one day adorn the California State Flag. His name was to be Monarch and we were both eye to eye. Suddenly, that Tongva Indian came to mind.
“The bears were here first. They are a brother of the forest, a natural part of it. They mean no harm but to survive as you do. If you leave them alone, they will leave you alone. If you attack them, they will attack you,” 
I lowered my rifle and backed away slowly and the big bear turned from me and fed on my kill. I watched his magnificence as he dined on my hard work. “Damned,” I murmured and he turned to watch my slow retreat of distance, then continued eating. I took a deep breath and cautiously walked back to my horse who at this point was quite nervous. I mounted up and headed back downhill towards camp—meanwhile.
On the opposite ridge, both DeLancey and Thomas came upon three grizzly bears. Thomas shot one and the remaining two bears got real pissed. With their single shot rifles DeLancey took a graze wound on the grizzly and it jumped him and began mauling him to death. Thomas finished the muzzle load and shot that bear in the head and it collapsed next to DeLancey who was bleeding all over the place. Unfortunately, Thomas single shot left him vulnerable and he had but a knife to defend himself as the bruin attacked him with a viciousness unseen by the animals.
Thomas pulled his knife and as the bear got atop him on the ground to begin its kill, he stuck that knife right in its heart and it continued. DeLancey crawled to his rifle, grabbed it and began loading it up while Thomas tried to keep his head out of the injured bear’s mouth. He did this by sliding downward under the bruin and it bought an extra few moments for I was there with my scoped rifle. DeLancey had finished loading his rifle and we both took aim at that bruin’s head. We both squeezed the trigger at the same time and seventeen hundred pounds of bruin fell atop Thomas. I was able to ride my mount to him fast and got to him quickly, while DeLancey covered in his own blood, staggered toward Thomas and the dead bruin. I tied a rope to my saddle and the head of the dead bruin and pulled the carcass from atop Thomas who was able to slide out from it.
He stood up and slapped the carcass. “Braggin rights and bear meat,” he smiled at his new trophies.
I dismounted and helped DeLancey sit down. “Wild adventure on the old bald mountain,” I asked.
“Too wild,” he replied. “Help me. On my horse, I got a sewing kit for this sorta thing.”
I helped him up and Thomas was watching the carcasses. “Three of em to skin. I want those at my cabin.”
The night was cold, but DeLancey had sewn most of the wounds so as not to bleed much. I helped cook the bear steaks and we made it with a fresh bourbon. We ate hardy and by the next morning packed camp. Thomas and DeLancey were heading down the south side with me and from there I could head towards the ranch and see what was going on.
I parted company with Thomas, his bearskins on the back of the mule. I’d never really liked bear steaks, but the way they seasoned em were fairly good eating. I was riding the trail home from the mountains, which were to my back. I have to say, I was of the firm opinion my horse was a lot less nervous from that trek as well in the high country. He probably had sensed the presence of the grizzlies. Well homestead was just ahead and I relished getting back to the misses and the gang.
Chapter 11 – A Glycerin of Gleason


Now I made the ranch and all I could say was she was waiting for me on the front porch. I looked for the cattle and many were gone. Must have sold them for slaughter earlier than I expected. When I got there, the first thing I noticed was she had bruises from being hit and her top was torn exposing her brassier. I dismounted and she was crying. “Beeder’s inside, they hurt his leg.”
“What did they do to you? Who did this?” I was feeling angrier by the moment.
Pedro entered. “These men, I recognize one of them senior Cyder. He used to work for Vasquez when he was alive.”
She hugged me in tears. It was awful, but I gashed his forehead and that is when the foreman got shot entering. Had Mister Beeder not entered, he would have—“ she broke into a complete waterfall of tears.
I’d had enough of this. “Pedro, you stay with the misses. I am going to visit a friend in Colton. It’s time to make this legal.” Then I turned and walked into the room with my foreman.
“Shot me up pretty bad,” Beeder coughed a few times. “But I’ll live.”
I put my hands at my sides. “Any ideas exactly who did this?”
“They took a bunch of cattle out of the pens, shot a number of ranch hands and demanded property deeds from your company.”
“Those are safe in the bank,” I replied.
“That’s what I told em,” Beeder replied. “Then they shot up the place and abused your wife.”

Meanwhile, Scott just met a man named McPherson out by Alta Dena. They were sitting having a drink in a local cantina and got to talking about engineering stuff. Now David McPherson was a handsome chap with a big mustache and a sort of new fangled, derby style hat everyone was beginning to wear. They talked and brainstormed. Scott found out that David was the chairman for the board of education, though his real passions lay in his engineering appetite.
“I have always wanted to build something challenging,” David told Scott.
“Well, there isn’t anything I know of that says the future is withholding construction. I’ve often looked right at these San Gabriel Mountains and said, one day, there will be a way across them to that Mohave Desert.”
“That’s a brilliant idea,” David’s eyes beamed to life. “I have had the same thoughts when I see these mountains.”
“Well, we are constructing a new bank in Pasadena, then I have to head out to a new bridge project. Bartender,” he gestured. “Another bourbon for my friend here.” He came to us and poured David another shot. “Hey,” he told David. “Here is my card and writing address if you ever do any projects. We have expanded to bigger projects over the years and you never know when your school can use new buildings or a play field for the children.”
He took Scott’s card with a smile, downed the shot and broke an even bigger smile. “I’ll do just that,” he winked and Scott was off.
Now I had gotten to Colton and paid a visit to one Mister Virgil Earp. “Tried to have way with my wife and took cattle which is a hangin’ offense,” I told him.
“Well,” Virgil the Sheriff replied. “I guess my dad, Justice of the Peace Judge Nick Earp, could swear out a warrant. Then ya can get yer posse from there and go after em all legal.”
“Okay,” I felt a bit easier. “I been meaning to ask how Wyatt is? Been years since we rode to that spa place on the hill.”
“Yeah,” Virgil chuckled. “The good doctor and his miracle waters. Well, you read about the shoot out in Tombstone?”
“Yeah, I did.”
“That thirty seconds of gunfire defined my life forever I suppose, Wyatt’s too. He’s down in San Diego. Got himself some businesses down that way, doing purdy good too.”
I couldn’t help but grin at Virgil’s persistence. He was the kind that never gave up. “Well, let’s go visit your pa and get warrants for a posse on these chaps. Don’t have their names as of yet, but I suspect they are around these parts somewhere.”
We got to the law offices of his dad and we both stood there before him. “Without a name, I can’t issue an arrest warrant,” he explained.
“But, he had his way with my wife and she scarred him upon his forehead,” I protested.
“Look,” Nick informed us. “Anyone can have a scar upon their forehead. Ya have to know their name, otherwise a warrant is meaningless and you get vigilantism.”
“Damned,” I bowed my head in disappointment.
“I tried to tell you,” Virgil added.
“Yeah,” I replied. “Yeah, I reckon ya did.”
“Don’t you have a big detective agency now a days?” Judge Nick asked.
“Yeah I do.”
“Well then,” he recommended, “why don’t ya have them do some detecting on the culprits. You get me a name and I’ll give ya a warrant.”
“That’s a good thought,” I replied. “Time to try that avenue.”

A month had gone by and my detectives were on the case after having visited us at the ranch, they got everything we could get em. Mr. Beeder had mostly gotten back to good health though he now walked with a limp and a cane.
Elsewhere, something else was happening. That bear I’d come face-to-face with and mighta killed, why he headed west and frequented the North West San Gabriel’s over yonder. He was a big one and after being shot several times in the chest, grew a big disdain for people. There was one fella named Jeff Martin, had a ranch in an area called the Antelope Valley which was part of the great Mohave Desert. He seemed to encounter the big guy on numerous occasions. Why that bear had killed many local cattle and made a nuisance and a feared one at that of local ranchers. Most just called him a thief and it seemed that even rifle shots didn’t stop him.
One night, he managed to invade Mister Martin’s cattle pens where he had a very large, mean old bull penned up. That huge Grizzly decided he wanted steaks and climbed right into the pen with the bull and they went at it. Martin was contented to let em hash it out, however the old bull, mean as he was, wasn’t about to become a meal just yet.
“Damned bear,” Martin commented to the others in his cabin and they barred the doors while watching the dirt fly in all directions and both large animals really going at it.
Clawed up and trotting around the pen, that bull rammed that big Grizzly many times and after enough punishment, the bear climbed out of the pen moaning. Suddenly, the bear busted through the front door like it was nothing and they all unloaded shots into him and he took off moaning in pain, leaving a blood trail.
Meanwhile in San Francisco up state, word of this monster bear had reached the ears of a prominent businessman named William Randolph Hearst and he was intrigued by it all. He talked with family and this giant bear made headlines as a test story, even though no such animal had been captured as of yet. It seemed the public had a keen interest in the state’s grizzly bears and Mister Hearst felt this a great opportunity. Several days had gone by and Mister Hearst pulled in one of his eager and rugged reporters a Mister Allen Kelly.
“Mister Kelly, I would like you not to kill, but rather, capture a live grizzly bear, the one from down south in the state that has been tormenting the locals.”
“Grizzlies are pretty mean animals,” Allen replied.
“Did you hear me?” Hearst became persistent. “I will fund you with monetary resources to get a living specimen and bring him back here to San Francisco. Money is not the object, a living bear is.”
“I see,” Allen glanced down a moment and then back into Hearst’s eyes. “Okay, I’ll need the funds wired and I’ll be set to get you your bear,” he replied.
Now while all the things were happening with the giant killer grizzly bear, my detectives had begun peeling back the hidden layers of where my cattle were and also whom the man with the scar was. Turned out his name might be that of a wickedly fast-draw gunslinger named John Pinker and if he was, that would mean he had a connection to someone else who caused all these problems.
“John Pinker,” Beeder commented. “Gunslinger and a fast one,” he added.
“I don’t care a cow’s dung who they are,” I replied to him and the others. “He had his way with my wife and now I got a name. Time to get my warrant and get after this guy.”
Erica wrapped her arms around me. “I want him to pay for this,” she told me. “I want that man to die!”
“He will,” I told her.
“And how you planning on working that one?” Beeder crossed his arms, while sitting up in bed.
“Not sure yet, but the plans are in the works,” I grinned. I turned to Pedro. “Get the rest of the men and saddle up. We’re gonna see a judge about a certain warrant, now that I got a name.”
“Si senior,” he turned and left.
“I’m coming too,” Beeder commented.
“You up to this?” I asked him.
“Up as I’ll ever be,” he replied.
We all rode to Judge Nick Earp and he seemed to know we were coming. “I figured you’d be returning. So you finally got a name for my warrant?” he smiled.
“Yes sir I do your honor,” I dismounted with a few men and ascended the steps to his place. “One mister John Pinker.”
“The quickdraw gunslinger?”
“Yes your honor and with a verified scar upon his forehead. My detectives found it, and where they are keeping the cattle they stole from me as well at an S-Bar ranch in the high desert in the Antelope Valley.”
“Well, I told you if you had a name, I’d get you a warrant for his arrest. Oh and that warrant is inside, just gotta stick a name on it,” Earp added.
We followed him inside and he took the paper with all its legalize on it and stuck the name on that warrant. Then we walked outside the porch and Earp had us raise are hands as deputies of the law. “I deputize you men to get one John Pinker dead or alive,” he told us.
“Preferably the later,” I replied and we got to our horses and rode out. It would be about two days ride to where we were going at high speed and fairly hot too.
We rode past Lytle Creek and up into the high Mohave Desert at its edge, following the mountains west.
The later part of the day, we set camp amongst a creek with sycamores on the northern side of the San Gabriel’s. Mount Baden Powell stood sentinel against the late blue sky, which soon turned to night as we watered our horses. The men set up sentries and we stood on guard. This was a strange area, devoid of the normal crickets or birds, not a sound nor a peep anywhere. The horses also acted strange as well, quite spooked and it occurred to me there might be a grizzly or two in the area, so we remained vigil all night and into the wee morning hours. There had been lights in the sky earlier darting around, sometimes zig zagging and at other times stopping. I’d never seen anything like it.
Come sunup I was watering my horse at that creek, got the strangest feeling I was being watched and noticed at creek side in the mud, a giant human footprint with only three toes on it. Give me the willies it did, and my horse was quite agitated. I reckoned some new animal maybe a deformed grizzly, though no claw marks were on that print. I glanced about and then mounted up and rode back to the rest of the men. “Time to move out,” I told em and we packed camp and lit out of that strange canyon.
We rode west and came upon one Mister Jeff Martin. He afforded us water and knew right where we were to go, pointed us out in that direction just south of his spot. “You fellows best beware,” Jeff added. “These are a nasty bunch of neighbors.”
“We’re aware,” I replied holding up the paper. “Got this here warrant for the arrest we need to make.”
“Good luck, you’ll be doing us all a favor,” he told me and we waived and left his ranch and small herds for our target. Ahead lay a mountain called Gleason. It wasn’t as tall as the others were, but it was fairly nice to see, etched against the blue skies this October 1889. Meanwhile that giant bear was opposite that mountain being chased by that Mister Kelly and his group. They were driving him somewhere and he wasn’t about to give up just yet.
We got to the ranch at the foothills and a volley of rifle shots were sent in our direction. We all rode our horses back and one of my men had taken a shot to the throat killing him and falling to the ground. We were all pinned in a shallow gully and they had us in a bad position. “And how are we gonna work this? Beeder asked in his typical skeptical sarcasms.
“We’ll work it,” I replied and then turned to Pedro. “Take a man and get his horse over there when we shoot at them and ride to that Mister Martin back at that other place. See if he has dynamite and get a bunch of sticks.”
“Dynamite?” Pedro gulped.
“Fresh sticks won’t go off on ya,” Beeder winked.
“We’ll blast those guys outta there,” I told him.
Pedro made ready and we all opened up on the ranch house and he and the other chap went scurrying to their horses and lit out of there heading north. “Your under arrest Pinker for doing my wife,” I called out.
“Goto hell,” he replied.
“You first,” I shot back at that window breaking the glass. Beeder loaded his Winchester and I turned to him. “Their field of cattle, I wanna get a look at their brand. I want you to cover me out of here and stay pat.”
I got up and took off and they opened fire, and we did too, as I scrambled into their field using the cattle as a shield. I managed to get to a cow and she had our brand on her alright. It was a slightly modified sign, but clearly ours, and I knew we were at the right place while the gunfire was exchanged back and forth.
I got back to the other men and told them. “Makes sense,” Beeder commented. “Ain’t the first time thieves rebranded cattle for profits.”
“The biggest question is who owns all of this and where to find em when this is all over.” They arrived on horseback and were fired upon, dismounting quickly with a small box. Pedro had something else too. He had a device called a slingshot. Seems Martin’s kid owned it and leant it to us. We returned a volley of fire at the ranch house as the box got to us.
“Senior,” they slid the box in the gully.
“Oh hell,” Beeder scolded them. “Stick that against the side of the gully so they can’t hit it,” and they pushed it right up next to us. He turned to me, “I suppose you want a light?”
“I’m going over there with matches and a cigar to light these, away from the box.” I took that slingshot from Pedro and several sticks as I crawled along the gully. Pedro went with me and I looked at the other men. “When I signal you all to shoot this into the air, you guys fire on that cabin, okay?”
Everyone nodded. I took a match and lit that cigar of Mister Beeder’s and it stayed lit. Then I held up the stick of dynamite. I lit the end and the fuse sizzled as the flame wore down. I took the stick and put it in the slingshot, pulled back, motioned them and they opened fire on the ranch house and I let go that stick as it shot through the air and onto the porch of the place. Kaboom, it blasted the porch and the front door open. They opened fire on us and I already had the second stick lit and in the slingshot and nodded and my guys returned the fire and this one landed just left of the house, blowing the wall opened.
“Yer aim is way off mister,” Beeder called out.
The gunfire was in all directions and they were firing on my last position as I crawled east a bit and lit the next stick and my guys really let em have it and I let loose with that stick of dynamite. It landed on their roof and kaboom, blew it to bits.
They came out of the smoke firing at us and the guy I wanted had lit out on his horse making an escape south towards Mount Gleason in a flurry. I shot a final stick of dynamite at those men, and they scattered; and I made my horse with pistol in hand and lit out after Pinker with several shots ringing past my head, and then flying ahead of me over my shoulder. The chase was on as I chased Pinker on my tired horse and he rode up the canyon trail of the mountain, slowing once to take a random shot in my direction; and I ducked as that bullet whizzed by. We were moving into the high country and now I was running my horse at a gallop, up that dusty trail amongst alpine. I wasn’t too far behind Pinker’s tired horse when that giant bear come out from behind a pine whacking the horse’s head and sending Pinker to the ground as he rolled. The bear went and bit into his horses throat and Pinker pulled his six-shooter and unloaded several shots into the big mean grizzly and it turned on him as he shot his sixth and final bullet. The bear mauled him with those claws, ripped into him and as I stopped my horse, that very bear turned and looked at me, then turned and bit down into his face.
The bear roared and stood up and I turned my horse and we galloped away down the trail with the bear in hot pursuit. I passed a clearing, and as I did, the bear stopped and paused. Maybe he’d remembered me from an earlier time or was just plumb tuckered out. He turned back to the mountain and I’d made my way down to the foothills and the S-Bar rancho where my guys had them all rounded up. There were seven men in all and we had my cattle.
As I trotted up on my horse, Beeder stood there hands at his sides. Jeff Martin come riding up as well. “Well,” Beeder asked me.
“Well what,” I replied wiping my forehead, my horse snorting.
“Well, what happened, where is Pinker?” Beeder asked.
“Some big grizzly bear got him and his horse atop that mountain,” I replied. “He unloaded his pistol in him, didn’t even stop that bear. He just mauled and killed him, then gave chase on me.”
“I know that bear,” Jeff mired. “Been terrifying folks around these parts for along time, killing cattle and other livestock.”
Just atop Mount Gleason, Mister Allen Kelly and his men had the bear in a trap. Not more than an hour after it killed its last human, Mister Pinker. He was the bear who would be officially named Monarch and adorn the state flag of California, was trapped and headed to a new life as dismal as it would become. His thieving and killing days were over and soon the grizzly bears of California who once roamed in the thousands would be gone as well. Mister Hearst had gotten his live bear and a mighty big one it was.
Now the job of getting my head of cattle across the desert and back to my stock would be a huge task.

It had taken well over a month and my cattle were back. 1890 had come and a new construction order came in from a Mister Applewhite in Lytle Creek. The name rang a bell and intrigued me and I remembered Misses Glenn and her family. Something else had also occurred. Scott was in talks in Pasadena California to get jobs working on a railroad scheme that his friend Mister McPherson hatched. It was a railway up a mountainside and the big guy funding it was one Mister Thaddeus Lowe. He was a wealthy chap and wanted a railroad into the mountains. Scott and David worked out the details, meanwhile I decided to take Erica for an outing to Lytle Creek. She’d never been there and it was warm this day even though snow adorned the mountain tops and that big balding mountain I’d come face to face with that bear on, was covered in it.
We were riding the buckboard along a dirt road. “How beautiful,” she clutched my arm as the horses pulled us along. She pushed her head gently into my shoulder as we continued.
“Yeah,” I replied. “All God’s country. The almighty has a way with beauty, even making danger seem purdy.”
“What do you ever so mean?” she straightened herself in the seat.
“Take that big mean grizzly bear,” I told her. “His days of killing are over, yet I had been face-to-face with em, and I brought my gun to bear and then lowered it. I didn’t shoot him.”
“Why?”
“Old Indian ghost told me bout the Indians had no problems with em. So I made peace and he turned and left me alone.” I chuckled a moment. “Not sure I could have killed him with a shot or two,” I added. “Anyhow, this is the turn off to Lytle Creek, there just up this dirt road a bit,” I steered the buckboard up the road with the bald mountain on my left and its shadow cast over us.
Chapter 12 – Sky Echo

We made it to the old Glenn Ranch and it was dusk coming on. Erica was just in love with the place and the nearby waters of the stream soothed my soul. I helped her down from the buckboard and the door opened. Miss Ellen Applewhite greeted us both. “I was wondering if a Mister and Misses Glenn were still here? Been a while since I passed this way.
“Won’t you both come in,” she smiled and we entered.
Misses Mourning Dove Glenn was in a chair, and at first she didn’t recognize me, but after a spell she smiled. “James my boy,” she extended her arms and I walked to her, giving her a big hug. Then she turned to Erica, taking pause and sizing her up. “Is this your wife?” she asked.
“Her name is Erica Cyder,” I informed them and just then, Mister James Applewhite entered.
“Howdy,” I smiled and extended my hand. “I’m James Cyder and this is my wife Erica.”
“What brings you this way?” Misses Glenn asked.
“Contract for some construction on this property,” I replied.
“Uh, I sent for work through them,” Applewhite told Misses Glenn, while my wife and Misses Applewhite went to the kitchen area.
“Wow,” Mourning replied.
“We are going to expand this into a larger place for guests, so some expansion is required.” Applewhite’s comments brought a big smile to Misses Glenn.
“I meant to ask, where is Mister Glenn?” and when I asked that question, Mourning Glenn’s expression went flush with dismay. Right away I realized the old man was gone. “I’m sorry…why I didn’t know.”
“It was years ago,” Applewhite explained. “She’s been living here alone for quite some time and got to the point until recently that she couldn’t manage the property no more. Her boys weren’t interested, so she sent for myself and Ellen.”
“Well,” I replied. “Not to worry. We’ll get working on the place and build ya whatever you need.” I turned to Mourning. “And we’ll do it with pride.” She broke a grin. “Getting cold outside, I better corral the horses then I’ll be back.”
“Yeah,” James Applewhite walked to the fireplace and drew the steel curtains. “I’ll get a fire going, cold night ahead.”
I went outside and got the horses set up for the night, then came back inside and sure enough the ladies had set the table with food and a warm fire was going. “Well now, tell us more about your company and business ventures,” Ellen tried to stir up conversation.
The next morning, I was outside listening to the fresh stream waters and admiring that big tall bald mountain. It was like an old friend standing there, reminding me of adventure and times perhaps together.

Scott was in the offices of one Professor Thaddeus S. C. Lowe. He was a rather pleasant chap with a well-trimmed mustache and wisdom that was mixed with enthusiasm and patience all in one. David McPherson was there as well and a representative of the S-Builders group named Dean, our rival. “Ah, come in David,” he smiled at McPherson. This is quite a project but I am quite excited by it.”
David laid out his plans to all there. “The first part of the railway ascends here and then a funicular extends further up the mountain. I have considered Mister Lowe and I believe that Cyder’s workmen should work with other interests on the railway.”
“What about us?” Dean asked.
“You guys build us a chalet atop the mountain with 40 rooms to start, possible expansion later as it grows,” David replied. “It will give visitors and guests a view of the world from the mountain.”
“Splendid,” the Professor smiled. He was so delighted by everything he saw and his mind as was always, conjured up new schemes. “David, we should have a company overseeing this project. I am thinking of the name The Pasadena and Mount Wilson Railroad.”
“That is splendid indeed,” Scott grinned though Dean wasn’t all smiles.
“Well gentlemen, I guess we should get going on this project,” Lowe checked his timepiece. “Almost lunch time. Why don’t we sit for tea and talk further.”
“I have a meeting elsewhere in town,” Dean informed the three men. Then he tipped his hat. “Thanks anyhow professor.” He left the three men.
A waiter brought a plate with a dessert that Scott never experienced before with tea. “Have you ever tried a mille-feuille?” Lowe asked.
“A what?” Scott was baffled as he took his fork and tapped the top of it.
“A dessert they call a Napoleon,” Lowe mused. “It is quite delightful with the tea.”
“We have them quite frequently,” David smiled as he dug in with his fork.
“Well, what’s good for you guys, is I guess, worth a shot,” Scott smiled and he pushed the fork down as it split into a messy pile on his plate and the professor burst into a chuckle. Scott took a bite and his puzzled expression changed. “This is very good.”
“I thought you would like it,” Lowe commented.
“Um, David and Professor. If we are to do this, I would like to go with David if possible and survey the area we will be building on. This would allow me to comment on the project and aid David’s endeavors on your behalf.”
“Excellent idea young man,” Lowe told both men. “Jump right in and go at it with vigor.”
That’s about all Scott had to hear and after that lunch meeting, Scott hopped on his horse and with David, rode up a trail of the mountain. It got pretty steep the further we went. Both David and then Scott dismounted. “Well,” he put his hands out with a great big smile. “What do you think of this ambitious project?”
“Ambitious yes, but it will take a lot to build something so grand all the way up this mountain,” Scott commented. There were things that bothered him about the project. However, he realized that money was what we were in the business to earn and the construction ahead, while strenuous, would pay a lot of wages and benefit our company. Well,” he rubbed his forehead. “Let’s get things rolling.”
A good year had gone by and I mostly stayed at home. Took Erica to a store nearby and she got herself into a nice dress they call a Victorian Style along with a very wide hat. She was quite elegant and I just enjoyed every minute of her company. I’d made the right choice for a woman and she’d stuck by me all these years. When we got back to the ranch estate, they were readying for the mid summer BBQ. We had quite a guest list coming from all over and I looked forward to setting in on a friendly poker game with the men and then some dancing with the ladies.
At the table were all the gents including Beeder. It was a big money game and we were all seated, some puffing cigars, others with nervous eyes, all with either beers or bourbons.
“I heard the project with Scott and David is coming along well,” I sorta asked Lowe.
“Uh yes it is gents.” He turned a moment and introduced me to his friends whom he also brought over to our big BBQ. “This gentleman has moved to a new home in Alta Dena, his name is Andrew McNally. He makes maps.”
“Cartography,” Andrew smiled pleasantly.
“That the same as making maps?” Beeder asked taking another card from the stack.
“Yes it is,” Andrew replied and he tossed out two cards. Since I was dealing at this point, I took both of them and tossed the fresh cards to Andrew across the table.
“This gentleman moved to Pasadena recently and dabbles in Real Estate Development, his name is Jared Torrance,” Lowe cleared his throat in an impolite gesture and Torrance grinned.
I could see that Lowe was studying his hand real carefully when he turned to his banking friend. “I’m upping the ante,” he tossed out those hundred dollar chips.
Beeder studied him and I decided to sit this one out. “I’m folding,” I laid my hand out. Lowe turned to Andrew.
“I’m in,” he replied and then Lowe gazed at Beeder who was picking a card to discard, which he did.
“Well,” Lowe asked Beeder puffing that fat cigar.
“Well what?” Beeder replied.
“Well, are you going to play or fold?”
I was enjoying this moment in time. “Yeah. Well are ya?” I decided to pressure my ranch foreman a moment.
“Not you too,” Beeder commented taking a new card. He picked up his bourbon took the shot and then set the glass down and he had a full house. “I’m callin’ ya,” he commented to Lowe.
“And what about you?” Lowe turned to Andrew.
“Don’t push your luck if you want that mountain officially called Mount Lowe on the maps.”
Lowe grinned a moment and that was a sign Beeder didn’t care for one bit. Then the Professor laid out his hand. “Royal Flush, all aces.” He sat back musing at the look on Beeder.
“Oh, I’m screwed,” Torrance laid down a hand of nothing. “Maybe,” he turned to Lowe, “we can one day wager a bet on your new project.”
Andrew was downright pissed off as he laid down a pair of fours. “Well at least I done better than you Mister McNally,” Beeder smiled and Andrew got up from the game and walked away as Professor Lowe raked in all the chips.
“Not to mention me,” Torrance quipped in disgust and took that shot of freshly poured bourbon in front of him.
“Steaks,” Erica called out. Then she turned to Misses Lowe and they engaged in discussion.
The dance was on and it was mainly Mexican music as they moved back and forth. I was watching all of those pretty young ladies as they danced and Lowe approached me. “I really had you all this evening,” he turned to spy Beeder who was on another bourbon at the bar. “Your foreman was none too happy.”
“Neither was I,” I replied.
“Why’s that?” Lowe asked, quite puzzled at my reply.
“He ain’t got that kinda money. I financed him.”
“Oh!”
“Oh is right, he’s not quite aware that he’ll be paying me back over the coming months,” I winked. “Anyhow, Scott sent me a letter explaining that the work is progressing nicely on your mountain railway. I take it I’m invited on opening day?”
“Of course you are,” Lowe bellowed. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
“Well then, how about those steaks at the main table? I’m a mite hungry.”
After the party had ended, I made more work for us through that gentleman Torrance whom I’d talked with. Seems he wanted to develop brand new modest neighborhoods for folks southwest of here, near the coast, and required much building. All in all, it had been a great gathering. We even had the railroad guys there too, from Southern Pacific Lines. Said they could speed us to Pasadena.

Another year passed and I received an invitation from the Glenn Ranch Resort to come view our work and say hello. I asked Erica, but she wasn’t up to it that day, so I mounted a horse and rode out. It was a beautiful June day and this year of 1893 was just as perfect as perfect could get. I had always liked the San Gabriel’s canyons and Lytle Creek was a real gem, tucked away amongst tall peaks. It sort of had its own personality.
Chapter 13 – Reunions

Now I had ridden the afternoon and made the creek and rode up to the resort. We’d built up a pretty good place and it seemed to have steady business over the last few years. I got down from my tired horse and penned him, pulled the saddle and then made for the main house. It had cooled a bit up the canyon and I took a moment for the summer beauty of the lingering snows atop that tall bald mountain. This was the perfect weekend all right and tomorrow on Saturday, it was rest and relaxation. I entered the property and there was the very tired Misses Glenn. She gave me a big hug and was alarmed. “My sons, my boys,” she murmered with a tear.
“Mom,” Ellen grabbed her, helping her sit down.
“If you don’t mind me asking, what’s going on here?”
“My husband left to meet my son. They are in fear for their lives,” Ellen replied.
I didn’t like the sound of that much. “Fear from what?”
“My boys,” Mourning burst into tears holding her hand in her head. “John and Silas Jr. are coming to kill James and Ollie.”
“And how has this been confirmed?”
“Ollie found out they were on their way here, he is trying to avoid an ambush.” Ellen left me thinking. I’d been in worse situations like the time I come across Mangas Coloradas and his band of Apaches not to mention others before and after him. I’d seen men kill men for gold dust, no human value on life, and even kill arguing over nothing, some just for the thrill of killing and no other reason.
“What puzzles me was why are the boys even returning for a feud?” I just couldn’t reckon it until Mourning started talking quietly in that chair.
“I just thought,” she put her hand on her forehead. “I thought that because Ollie and Maude were together, they were sparking as a couple.”
“And your sons got word of it and fear the property is going to be taken away from their will.” It all made sense. Question was could I stop it? “Nearest law round these parts?”
“Sheriff Whiteman, he’s in Cajon,” Ellen blurted out and Mourning just gasped.
“I’m gonna re-saddle my horse and ride there right now. Ellen, are you ladies in danger?”
“No, at least I don’t think my brothers would hurt me.”
“Okay,” I choked on a word or two. “Maybe I can bring the sheriff and defuse this before it comes a callin’.” I turned and exited the building and never had a chance. Someone conked me atop and I was out of it. Little was I aware that I was in another of their cabins on the property.
It was the next morning and I had come to, all tied up, bound and gagged. Ironically, they hadn’t taken my six-shooter. Just tied me out of the way and I had me a purdy good notion who was responsible for all of this.
I managed to crawl to the stove and took my hands, tied behind me, and began rubbing the ripe up and down on that leg of the stove. It wasn’t sharp either, but eventually something would give. I only hoped it wasn’t too late and I still wasn’t sure if it even was the next day or days I’d been there. If they left my horse, then someone might start asking around.
In the front yard Ollie and his dad, James both rode up and tied their horses, on the alert for trouble as Ellen came out to greet her husband and son. Meanwhile I had gotten the rope weakened and loosened enough to work at it and then got it off. I then worked at the big knot on the rope around my feet and managed to loosen it. Once I got the knot off, I felt the dried blood on my head where I’d gotten hit and then pulled my Peacemaker and checked the rounds. There was nothing in it, they’d left me an empty gun. “Damned,” I exclaimed. “Well, I held the gun up, I can always dee-stract people.”
Ollie was approaching the cabin when he met his mom. Suddenly John Glenn drew his pistol to shoot Ollie when I hollered with my gun in hand—which was empty! John turned a moment and that bought Ollie time to take him with two shots that one of them hit his head. John Glenn fell to the ground, blood seeping.
Now, Silas Glenn had given chase to James who’d run into the house, emerging with a shotgun. He fired on Silas and the buckshot hit him, knocking him back. I rushed to the scene as did the others toward Silas who was there on the ground, amazed he’d been shot by his in-law. “You shot me,” he commented just laying there stunned.
James was clearly in a panic. He glanced up at me stricken by everything and placed his hand on his head, trying to think clearly in the moment of shock that enveloped his thoughts. “Ollie,” he instructed. “Race to Cajon and telegraph to Colton for Doc Daniells.”
“Want me to go with em?” I asked.
“No Mister Cyder. We might need a witness for the sheriff, besides our family here.”
I sighed, “Okay.”
The sheriff did eventually come there and it would go to trial. They asked me for a signed statement and I had departed for my home on the range.
Erica was as rosy as usual and delighted to see me, except my head scar from what I’d gotten. “What happened to you?”
“Oh,” I broke a modest smile. “You know me and adventure,” I told her and was gonna leave it at that, but she was just a bit wiser than I, and I had a me a notion she wasn’t letting me off the hook so fast with that reply.
“And how are you going to make this up to me James Cyder?”
“How would you like a round trip up a certain mountain named after a bellicose gentleman genius?” I paused after my proposition.
“A mountain top?” she became excited.
“Some of our work in it. A ride and stay atop a mountain above the clouds looking down at the world. Champaign and caviar breakfasts, a hot tub and a private room in a Victorian Chalet on a cliff.” I think I said enough and she embraced my lips for a long passionate moment when we both broke that kiss and turned to spy Mr. Beeder with his cane—watching us through an open door.
“Do I look like a peep show to you?” Erica became sarcastic and he held his hat in his hand while I casually smiled and shrugged.
“No ma~am,” Beeder replied. “I just come to tell James the tickets are here.”
“Tickets?” she turned to me.
“I was meaning to tell you, it’s a day ride to Pasadena where the railway up the mountain is located.”
She turned to Beeder. “Thank you!” He stood there a moment and in a louder tone of sarcastic suggestion, she again said “thank you.”
He turned mumbling and walked down the hall to the grand staircase and we both turned to each other and burst out laughing. “You’re really making that man earn his pay.” I couldn’t help but remark and we both burst out in even more laughter.
So when do we leave?” she asked casually.
“What’s today’s date?”
“July the third,” Erica replied.
“We have Pedro ride the back of the buckboard to the train yard and accept the offer to Pasadena. He can ride it back here and we attend the festivities tomorrow. Mister Lowe will put us up in his estate over night.”
“You have it all planned out, don’t you?” her tone a bit suspicious.
“Yes, I sure do,” I replied. “So, do we go?”
“Lets get packed for the trip,” she broke a modest smile and turned from me to the closet.

We rode the train as it steamed along and I couldn’t help but watch out the window on my right, the San Gabriel Mountains etched against a hot blue sky and wispy clouds that hovered above them. Things were changing and it struck me the way Southern California had grown in population. Seemed that more and more people were moving out here from back east, that some day, this state would have many wonderful people, places to visit. It also struck me on how much of my life I had lived, the things I witnessed, people I had met. Here I was with my beautiful wife, living a pretty good life, all things considered. I realized that change would come. This new century they called, the twentieth one would soon arrive. I’d already known of the metal underwater boats during the Civil War. Seemed this history followed right out of the books of Plato and Jules Verne. There was even talk of sending men to the Moon some day. Probably would get plenty of free green cheese up there.
We were treated very well by the railroad folks. Tea and Crumpets, though I would have done better with a bourbon and steak. Nevertheless, this was the misses style and the last thing I wanted to do was get the misses angry. A couple of hours later, the train stopped and we departed in horse and buggy to Pasadena. The carriage took us right to Professor Lowes estate at 995 S. Orangegrove and his wife greeted us as he was busy up at his mountain railway.
It was quite a grand place, four stories tall with a rounded tower and a giant American flag waving in the breeze. The grounds were very well kept and this got me to thinking was the ranch something I should trade up to a mansion for. “This is really living,” Erica smiled as we all entered the foyer.
“My husband would be delighted to hear such talk,” Misses Lowe replied in a kind smile. A servant took our bags and I couldn’t help but look around at a great many articles he’d collected.
“Thaddeus has great taste,” I held a gold cup in hand. It had a sapphire lining, the most brilliant shining blue I’d ever seen. I realized it was probably priceless. “Well, if we could get to our quarters, I’d be much obliged,” I commented and we were taken to a room with a second story view and porch.
That evening, the professor and everyone else was there in his large room. Erica joined the other ladies in her new Victorian White dress and hat with a pink feather and I was all suited up. The excitement was there and I found out many more details of this project as well, like where the plans came from the funicular. Seems that Scott and David got em from a chap in San Francisco who made the cable cars work up there. He was a specialist in constructing vertical railroads, which got me to thinking just how steep and safe this ride tomorrow, was gonna be.
“It’s perfectly safe, rather slow,” the Professor commented. “A rather blissful ride with an exquisite view of Southern California.”
Someone handed me a brandy and I took it and sipped it. “One car offsets another on the track as they pass each other. One going up, the other going down,” Scott beamed.
“If this thing’s as steep as said to be, how’d you fellers get everything atop the mountain?”
“Many laborers,” David rolled his eyes. “Well, at least it is finally done.”
“Anyone test this out?”
“Many times,” Lowe replied. “We finally have a working railway to the mountains. People will flock to our working modern miracle from all over the world.”
“And if they don’t?” Torrance asked; drink in hand, as he approached the conversation.
“Now Jared, there is no need for skepticism,” Lowe’s voice changed. “After all, we are just getting started.”
“Hey guys, I’m a bit tuckered out,” I told them all. “Professor, I’ll be up for tomorrow with the misses,” Erica approached me and I smiled and waived at the others.
“They have some grounds here,” Erica commented. “A complete rose garden, and the scents from their roses,” she rolled her eyes with a smile as we ascended the grand staircase to the second floor and our room. She walked by my side, her arm on mine, together. We entered the room and our luggage was all there waiting. Everything that the Professor did was like clockwork, always efficient and on time.
“This is class,” I commented as Erica placed her hat on the edge of the bed.
She strolled to the glass doors, and opened them to a porch and walked out onto it. It was lit up around here and I joined her after loosening my tie a bit and then my collar. We both glanced at the shadowy mountains etched against a brilliant starlit sky. “Reminds me of a time when I was traveling Texas by myself.”
“It’s more than that,” she broke a pretty smile and then turned to me and embraced my lips in a gentle and subtle fashion. “It’s romantic!”
“Yeah it is,” I replied and we embraced again.
The following morning we had breakfast and then were taken by horse and buggy to Alta Dena, and the base on our trip to the top of the mountain. There were many folks as the Professor, all smiles, greeted others and us. We were brought to the lower station and from there taken higher up the mountain. The day was sunny and except for fog along the coast, you could almost see forever. There was a slight breeze up here and I suspected it would kick up even more as we ascended. All in all, it was a festive event and probably history of some sort we were participating in. At this Mountain Junction station, we boarded the last car and Scott was there with us. This railroad wasn’t the fastest and the cable car wasn’t very big either, not like the regular railroads. However, it was sort of different and we enjoyed the slow ride, winding its way across poppy fields and a bridge. While I thought this was steep, I had no idea what was yet to come.
After a short and nice trip, the train arrived at the Rubio Station and we were ushered off at the Professor’s insistence. I looked at the steep incline railway. “What the heck do you call that?”
“Uh, it is called a funicular,” Scott replied.
“A fun what?” I asked in disbelief. I was gonna be riding on it.
The ladies and gents who were ahead of our group already were aboard and the car began to lift up that steep track and way up at the top, it appeared an identical car was coming down to greet us. I noticed the bulging rail in the center of it all, but wasn’t sure exactly how it works as both cars would soon be coming to a head-on, or so I thought. Suddenly near the center, the car going up went to the right, and the one coming down went to the left and they never stopped.
Lowe approached all smiles and pride. “A funicular,” he repeated Scott’s words. “We call this part of the journey, the great incline, and those are my white chariots.”
“I’m not sure I am inclined to go on that,” I replied and I could see a moment of anger in his face. “Then again,” I continued and he seemed to relax. “I am game to try anything especially when a genius mind is behind it all.” He broke to a big smile.
“Don’t forget a lot of geniuses,” Scott added and we approached the car to board it with the others and the Professor too. He went to the top row of seats and we went with him. I was already feeling it to be a bit higher than I wanted. Then again, walking the razorbacks to that bald mountain a few years ago was no different, perhaps a tad more dangerous, all things considered. After everyone was aboard on both ends of the line, this car began to ascend and Erica clutched my arm.
“Delightful,” Lowe remarked. “A remarkable achievement.” The upper car descended past us on the way down and it truly was a unique experience riding this thing. Also it had gotten much more breezy as well. Probably a slight down-draft of the air from the mountaintop. Erica and the others had to all hold onto their hats. One red head woman in the lower part of our car not only saw her hat fly off, but a wig too. It was quite a sight watching that red hair sail off into the sky while she clutched her shaved head in utter humility.
As the car ascended to the top, there was a photographer guy on a lone pedestal of sorts and he snapped a group photo of the car. Turned out, we had to pay twenty-five cents to get a copy of the photo.
At the top terminal we departed and over there was the place we’d spend the night. I walked with Erica to it and we both were hand-in-hand atop this Mount Echo. That’s when the Professor who seemed in demand, pointed out a giant spotlight atop a structure. “One can see things fifty miles away,” he informed us.
“Wow,” Erica replied. She turned to me. “Are we building that for the Professor?”
“No,” I commented. “Our business rival the S-Builders, are involved in that structure.”
“Uh, yes,” the professor added. “The Echo Mountain Chalet. It is where you will be staying, only partially completed but functioning somewhat. I will have your bags sent up later.”
“Thank you Mister Lowe for your hospitality, you are a great man,” Erica smiled and I tipped my hat, then he left us and we walked toward the structure. Scott was close by.
“We should have been building that for him,” Scott pointed out.
“Yeah, we should have,” I replied.
“Then why weren’t we contracted?” Erica made a point and it stuck in my craw like a sore thumb.
“I’m not sure, but whatever it is. They seem to be getting a jump on our contracts as of late and not only in the construction business, but other ventures as well.” I thought I made my point, and it got Scott thinking.
“We have a growing detective agency,” he suggested, but I was already well ahead of him.
“Already got it going,” I grinned as we walked to the evening stay atop this mountain.
“There is more we are doing here. The Alpine Division will be opened next on the mountain.”
“Well—every little bit helps,” I replied and we made the structure facing the cliff where our bedroom would be and a nicely painted porch. Behind and up top they were building a much larger structure that would come to be known as the Echo Mountain House. It was like the S-Builders got a contract for a city up here, something that should have been ours from the very start.
Chapter 14 – Times Change

A few years went by and that poor Professor Lowe had fallen on hard times, lost almost everything as the turn of the century fast approached. They had these new things called horseless carriages, sort of like a miniature steam train without tracks. I could almost see the writing on the wall that with the approach of the new century were amazing years ahead, but there was something else that was coming to a head and it was bound to happen sooner or later with years of research by my detective agency.
The property deeds for that ranch that had my cattle and the gunslinger the bear ate for lunch atop Mount Gleason, before being captured. Those deeds belonged to a bank trust and that trust was the property of the S-Builders. Not only that, but the gunslinger had been on the dole with them as well, and one of my ranch hands was directly involved. It was Pedro, which explained how many of our business deals were being stolen out from under us. Once a part of the Vasquez gang, Pedro had been profiting and selling us out. He had a pretty big bank account, and he had retired to his own mansion in what would be Glendora.
It was time to fix things and that didn’t sit well with Erica. Beeder had grown old and fat, his usual sarcastic self. 1899 was bringing a new century and now it was time to make sure, we got into that new century in tact, if but anything.
“Mister Beeder,” I called to him. “Grab a Winchester and make sure nothing happens to her,” I pointed.
“Yes sir,” he replied and made his way to a rifle in my gun cabinet.
“I’ll be back honey,” I kissed her, staring her in the eye. “There’s something that needs fixing and only one way to fix it from my point of view.”
“I don’t want to lose you,” she cried and wrapped her arms around me in tears.
“You won’t,” I replied and an old friend appeared at the door. It was one Mister Wyatt Earp, legendary lawman of earlier times. I turned to him. “Detectives are waiting, the judge got us our warrants.”
“A pleasure,” he smiled.
“Well, let’s mount our rides and head to where it gets fixed,” I told him and walked past Beeder who turned me by the arm and stared at me a moment.
“You do know how this ends?” he reminded me.
“Shoulda done this a very long time ago,” I replied and continued out the door with Wyatt on my tail. He was being paid good money to tag along and I knew I required a fast gun behind me on this one.
Outside were fourteen horseless carriages, all of them idling and we got in the lead one. I turned an eye to the misses before we began rolling down the dirt road. It was going to be a steady trip to Glendora first for a visit and then to Los Angeles, an all day trip. I enjoyed looking at what they sort of referred to as Mount Baldy, I always liked that name rather than San Antonio. It just seemed more fitting. The day passed with great weather and we got to the mansion and no sooner did we get there when the shots rang out. Caused steam to rise from our car and we fanned out. “Hey,” Pedro called and I managed to duck behind a brick wall as a bullet ricocheted almost nailing me in the process.
“Hey Pedro, we got an arrest warrant here for you and the sheriff and a posse are right here.” He fired several more shots and one group of men tossed a lit lantern at that place and it caught fire. “Burn that son of a bitch out,” I yelled and they through a lit torch through a glass window and the flames grew fast. More shots rang out at us and we continued to fire at them until the front door opened, his mansion in flames.
“Don’t shoot senior…we give up!” They all came out, four of them with their hands up. The mansion continued to burn and we got them away from the structure.
“You’re coming with me,” I took Pedro and Wyatt and a sheriff’s deputy held a gun on him. “Can you write?” I asked Pedro.
“No I cannot, senior.”
“You do have a signature?” Wyatt asked.
“Si.”
“Great,” I told my former ranch hand. “Deputy, I want this man to tell you everything and then sign that statement.”
While Pedro did just that, we took eight cars to the Southern Pacific rail station, bound for the growing city of Los Angeles Northeast side. This was the home of the owner of the S-Builders and with telegraphs and phones, it meant he probably knew I was coming.
We got to Los Angeles late in the day and I was surprised to see many folks using horseless carriages. Seems this form of transportation had caught on and we made for some hotels. The sheriff visited a place they call a local police station and with the cops, we gathered to head to the estate of the owner of the S-Builders. The police were in a horse drawn wagon and I was surprised they didn’t have more modern transportation.
It was sprawled out much like the Professor’s old place north of here in Pasadena was. A large two-story mansion all decked out on the second floor in a beige-white color scheme and gardens with some fruiting apple trees. I got out of the horse carriage, patted the animal gently on the side and walked to an apple tree pulling one. Turned and gave it to him palm up, then took the second apple and bit into that crisp sweet fruit. I turned to all of them. “It’s personal, I wanna talk to em first,” I told them all and I could see that Wyatt was none to happy about that comment. I took the warrant in-hand as they watched, and I ascended the front steps of the mansion and knocked on the door.
A uniformed butler opened it. “He has been expecting you. Go up the staircase, take a right and the third door on the right is the study.” I walked past him and the Butler immediately exited the building, motioning not to get shot as he walked past the group.
I ascended the steps and as I did, I had a funny notion I was walking into a trap, so I slowly slid my right thumb on the snap and released it gently on my holster. My old Peacemaker was ready for any action. At the top, I noticed how polished and clean everything was. I could spot my image in the floors and on my left as I passed was a large mirror. I slowly passed the two closed doors and made my way to the third when a door opened and a gunslinger came up behind me, his pistol at my back. “Move,” he shoved it in me and I walked ahead to the opened door. He marched me inside and I saw a chair, its back facing me.
“You can leave him in here with me…and do close the door,” he commented as his henchman pulled my gun slowly from my holster, leaving me disarmed.
That chair slowly swiveled around. “You!” I exclaimed in disbelief.
“Yes,” he smiled.
“You owe me five dollars plus interest.” I told Snidely, the man who left me in El Paso, the man whose gunslinger raped my beloved wife, the man who stole my horses and cattle, stole many building contracts from me through a paid hand on my ranch. The man who got my gold mining operation shut down in Lytle Creek.
“I don’t think you are going to collect,” he mused as he held a derringer on me. It was a single shot as I watched the barrel. “You have been increasingly a pain in my ass.”
“Professor Lowes building you made, burst into flames, how many others have been hurt or killed by your company’s bogus projects? At least when we built something, it lasted.”
“I don’t care,” he smiled.
“Well, I do,” I replied and advanced toward him and he squeezed that trigger and the round hit my chest, made a thumping sound. I grabbed him as the chair went over and his gunman came running to the door I’d just locked. That’s when Wyatt and the sheriff, deputies and police had entered and the gunfight on the second floor told it all.
“How?” Snidely asked, stunned that his bullet didn’t take me down.
“Coat with metal garb, protects against asses like you and the bullets you have. You’re going to the pokey and horse and cattle theft is a hangin’ offense, all after you gimme my five dollars and forty years interest at ten percent per year.”
The door kicked in and Wyatt followed by the others entered as well. “You okay?” he asked.
“Yep, sure am friend. Just getting what I should have been paid years ago,” I replied with a grin and holding Snidely on the ground.
Wyatt had left and with the sheriff, we served the warrants. Our legal department began on the charges and the S-Builders in the coming months would be out of business. That next day, we’d all returned to collect the damaged and working cars most of em rental units and a week later I was back with Erica at our ranch.
Erica was sipping tea and I was sitting, reading a thing they called a magazine, with all sorts of information. I had a San Bernardino paper and it had information on that damned grizzly bear up north. “Never been to San Francisco,” I commented. “Been itching to visit that bear in their zoo. He could have mauled me that day atop Mount Baldy, but chose not to.”
“The city by the bay they call it,” she broke a smile.
“Okay, tomorrow we’ll visit the railroad. I think it take a better part of a day or two to get up there, sides, I ain’t seen the north part of this golden state so why not?” I could see the excitement in her eyes.
A couple of days later, we went and visited the bear they named Monarch. He was a big sucker, well fed, but when I walked to the cage they had him in, his eyes were quite sad. He had been imprisoned and it seemed he would do anything to be free like me. He walked to the edge of that cage and we were eye-to-eye for the moment. “Not many of you roamin’ free anymore old friend.” I looked at this cage. “All ya ever wanted was to just live yer days like I have mine,” I added and most people were walking about, ignoring this tiny exhibit. I walked around it and his eyes followed me. “I came to say good bye. The new century is fast approaching and I suspect when it arrives, we will both soon succumb to it.” I turned and walked away and heard a slight moan. He did recognize me, of that I was sure and it dawned on me how smart he was. There were almost no California Grizzly Bears in the wild to my knowledge, and what a great shame. The Indians could live with em, but with the settlers, ranchers, miners it was always a conflict.
I joined Erica at a pier and we listened to the crashing waves on the beach. It was cold and crisp out this day and by afternoon, a storm was approaching. This city was quite old fashioned in many respects, very different in atmosphere to what the southern half of the golden state was. “When you saw the bear, what were your thoughts?” Erica turned and asked me.
“Sadness, imprisonment, change.”
“That is very sad, but wasn’t he a killer?” she pushed the question.
“The Indians never had any problems with grizzlies. They held them as sacred brothers. Hardly any around anymore.”
“Well, I hear there is a chocolate factory around here somewhere, why not sweeten up our stay,” she broke the moment and brightened it up for me.
That was the only time I had ever been up north in the golden state. A month later the year 1900 brought the century to a close and a new era was in the air. Grizzlies were far and few between, Snidely would eventually remain in jail for about eleven years, broke after we got done with him and finally died as a great luxury ship sank in the Atlantic. Those horseless carriages grew in popularity and now flying machines were in the sky. You could always tell they were about, cause they made loud buzzing noises.
“In 1914, Erica died of a cancer. She’d been a faithful wife and the love of my life and now sonny, you have heard my story of The San Gabriel Years and the special times and places I’d been.”

The young man closed his eyes a moment and then opened them again and when he did, there was no person standing there. He got up out of bed, cured of his illness if by some miracle and ran to the door. If someone had been there a moment earlier, he’d have seen them in the long hallway of this hospital. Nobody was about. He took a deep breath, returned to his room and glanced out the window at the San Gabriel Mountains of Los Angeles as a plane flew by. Etched against the blue skies, he knew their history.
1987 Glendora

I guess the idea for this fictionalized novel started when my late father and I were sitting in the city of Glendora California one mid summer’s day, having a brunch. My dad knew I was writing stories and I stared at the San Gabriel Mountains etched against blue skies and I said, “you know something dad.”
He replied in his usual come back, “I know something dad,” and I laughed a moment. He always had a sarcastic funny sense of humor.
“Those mountains have a great and grand history to them. I think I will one day write a novel about them, maybe when we get back home.”
Of course, the decades went by, a few years back I lost my WWII hero dad, so he never got to read this. But you have, and that is what counts. I hope you have enjoyed this fictionalized version of real people and events that occurred in the 1800’s. It was a very different time of a younger America that took centuries to build and something all Americans should be proud of. Finally, it is sad what happened to the grizzly bears and also the Native American Indians too. There probably was a better way of doing things that unfortunately was never really explored by close-minded politicians of the day. Can these issues ever be fixed remains something for the current and future generations to decide. Thanks for reading this story and if you liked it, remember my other titles as well. It never hurts to take a temporary escape from the current world and journey to others.
Other Sebar Stories

$$$Amount Due$$$
Biter’s Fighting Poems
Broken Canyon
CalHouse – Leonis Manor
CalHouse – Fort Sacramento
CalHouse – The Island
Contact of the Forestry Kin
Idyllwild
L.A. Business
L.A. Grudge Poems Volume 1
Moon Racists
Skyway Arizona
SOL
Stupid Cougar Laws
Sunrise Island
Tahquitz
The Chocolate Mountain Murders
The Interracial Couples
The SOL Chronicles
The Trail To East Mohave
Thunder Dead
Titan One
Venus Plains 88

More to come!
