Remembering PT-927

War in the Pacific
by Paul Telegdi

Dedicated to my wife, Melanie Telegdi, my strength and support.

Written: March-September 2014

Copyright © 2014, Paul Telegdi

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever

Published by Paul Telegdi at Smashwords in September 2014

Prologue
To a certain extent all my books deal with solving problems to do with life. In Remembering PT-927 it is the impact of war on an individual. How does one face the new algorithm of war, a cold mechanized warfare, where people, military or civilians, become fully expendable?
My books are also a vehicle for me to get inside history and try to imagine what it was like. Again, as with most of my books, it’s not really historically accurate, but a synthesis of known and imagined facts. For instance, I have made assumptions of Japanese culture I really had no right to make as I have not studied sufficiently their way of life, yet projected a false image of that in order to show an American soldier trying to make sense of it through his cultural filter. It is thus given that he is often wrong (as is the author) and begs the reader’s indulgence.

Chapter 1
Jordan sat listlessly on the rear ammunition box of the Bofors 40 that loomed threateningly over him. From beneath came the rumble of the three Packards propelling the PT boat at speed through the light swell somewhere in the South Pacific. He felt nauseous, partially from the motion of the boat he still wasn’t quite used to and the heavy fuel fumes mixing with the exhaust bubbling up from eject ports below the water line. He leaned against the cage of the Bofors, trying to shut out the view of their wake which drew a foamy white line through the green of the surf the boat was trying to leave behind. He closed his eyes but had to open them immediately to rid himself of his increasing sense of vertigo.
Jordan looked around, trying to find something to focus on but all he saw was greenish blue water, the sun sparkling off the odd wave, and the blur of the horizon obscured by the rising heat. The boat’s speed produced substantial wind that buffeted him as he sought shelter in the shadow of the Bofors.
A figure suddenly loomed over him and alarmed, Jordan tried to remember what he was supposed to do: salute and snap to attention or what? However he soon relaxed when the shadow materialized into the gunner of the rear 50 caliber, a young man his age, 19 or even younger.
“Ollie...” Jordan muttered.
“Olson to you,” the other snapped out. “Damn if I’m going to let a virgin recruit call me that.”
“I’m not a virgin,” Jordan protested.
“Have you been shot at?” Olson demanded.
“No, but—”
“Then you’re a virgin,” Olson asserted. “Move over.”
Jordan moved to the side of the box and Olson squeezed in beside him. “Shit. They should have a couple of deck chairs up here so a guy can relax for a moment properly.” He fished a crumpled cigarette pack from his shirt pocket, then expertly flicked a match alight with his thumbnail and sucked the first taste of smoke deep into his lungs. “Yeah, that’s good,” he exhaled luxuriously.
Jordan looked around concerned: navy regulations prohibited smoking on a small vessel loaded with thousands of gallons of high octane fuel.
“That’s all right. The Skipper lets me and Jackson get away with it, but we can’t smoke in front of him. That’s why we come here to the back end.” He reached the pack toward Jordan, who just shook his head. “You look sick,” Olson said disapprovingly.
“Not used to the sea,” Jordan muttered apologetically.
“What are you doing in the Navy then?”
“I don’t know. I told the selection board that I liked to fish and I ended up in the Navy.”
Olson laughed. “That’s how it is. Tell them you want to join the Air Force and they send you to artillery. The boards have quotas to fill. So much to the Army and so much to the Navy.” Olson pinched the stub of his cigarette between his fingers and took a long drag. Jordan admired the accomplished ease and nonchalance as Olson let out twin trails of smoke through his nose. In spite of his youth Olson looked every inch a veteran.
“Not that it matters but where’re you from?” Olson asked, pitching the cigarette over the side.
“Oklahoma. And you?”
“Jersey.”
“City or state?”
“Hell, the city’s pretty much the whole state,” Olson said dismissively.
“And how did you end up here?”
“Me and my friend Todd took the neighbor’s car for a joyride and we got pinched. The cops claimed we were stealing it and the judge believed’em. He gave us eight months each, but seeing that was right after Pearl Harbor, offered to let us go free if we signed up. Like a fool I did, and now here I am on this tub no larger than a sardine can, while Todd, after serving his sentence, is out, probably fucking my ex-girlfriend.” Obviously the thought bothered him and he lit up another cigarette.
“So then they assigned you to PT-boats?”
“Hell no. I served on an auxiliary cruiser for three months, but I got into trouble with the bosun and had to get away, so I volunteered for the PT’s… if you can call that volunteering.” He blew streams of smoke into the air and squinted at Jordan through the cloud. “But you didn’t, did you?” Jordan shook his head. “Figures. We lost a lot of boats and crew in the Philippines and they had to make up the losses with conscripts.” The labeling sounded derogatory. “The thing I like about PT’s is none of that spit-and-polish bullshit. Look at what we wear, just shorts and T-shirts or go around bare-chested. And our officers are regular Joe’s like us. On a big ship you have to salute until your arms fall off. You’re lucky to be with us.”
“Where are we?” Jordan finally asked what really concerned him at the moment.
“You don’t need to know. What does it matter anyway? The Skipper goes where the Admiral tells him to, and we go where the Skipper goes. That’s how it works in the Navy.”
“But surely we have a mission...?”
“You really want to know? There’re thousands of islands out there, a few we own but some belong to the Japs. They’re leapfrogging down the chain toward the Aussies and overnight try to sneak in and take another island. We were sent to keep an eye on their infiltration and harass them any way we can. Kapish?” He threw the second stub overboard.
Jordan bristled at the other’s obvious demeaning tone, but stifled himself. He knew no one on board and had to make alliances in a hurry. They were about the same age so Olson couldn’t have a much higher rating than himself.
Olson threw a quick look toward the bridge, rose with a sour face and headed back to climb into the turret of the rear twin 50’s.
From where Jordan sat, he saw little of the 77 foot Elco Boat. He looked to the back, keeping his face out of the wind of their speed. He glanced up at the single barrel 40 mm Bofors and the loading tray he was to fill with the ammo. Gus the gunner was below deck, having an early lunch. When he returned it would be Jordan’s turn to get some food. Not that he was hungry, but looked forward to getting out of the wind, feeling the safety of the walls and bulkheads instead of the dizzying vista of blue-green water rushing by.
Three months after getting his eligibility notification, Jordan had been summoned to the district selection board. His uncle, who had lost an arm in the trenches of WWI, warned him that on no account should he sign up for the Army, so Jordan elected for the Navy and after six months of boot camp, here he was on the other side of the world, churning through an endless sea. The first week on board PT-927 had been hell, he’d been sick all the time, couldn’t keep any of the food down. Even on shore he felt queasy afterward. It was better now, but he still didn’t feel comfortable with the often erratic motion of the boat as it plowed through the water.
He was startled by Jake patting him on the shoulder and motioning with his thumb. Jordan rose stiffly and stumbled forward, not feeling secure until he was inside of the 21 inch Mark VIII torpedo tube. He stepped onto the bridge, squeezed by the helmsman and awkwardly clambered down the steps into the chart room. The navigator hunched over a map and the radio operator, fumbling with a squawking radio, glanced up as he passed. They both had the look of veterans who had fought the Japs maybe even back in the early days in Philippines.
Jordan negotiated the next steps down into the claustrophobic confines of the wardroom. There were two others around the table, the rear 50 gunner Olson, and judging by the oil and grease stains on his dungarees, the junior mechanic, whom he only knew as Ricco. Jordan had no idea where he was from apart from a hint of a southern drawl.
Reluctantly they made room for him. Jordan sat down, trying not to get too close to the mechanic. Finished with his plate, Olson was sipping coffee and chewing furiously on a wad of gum. When he wasn’t smoking, he was chewing all the time.
The cook stepped in and placed a tin plate loaded with some sort of hash in front of Jordan. Taking up a spoon Jordan tried to rescue some of the mush from the encroaching gravy. He ate because he was expected to, to justify his presence below. It was a relief to be out of the blow; he envied the navigator and the radio man their smug little chart room. The 40 mm Bofors was fully exposed on the aft deck. The wind often picked up the spray coming off the prow, and often he had to change out of his wet clothes.
“Number 3 engine needs a complete overhaul. The valves are rattling and the return springs are old and fatigued,” Ricco said, wiping his hands on a rag.
“Everything’s falling apart. We’re too far from the States to get all the parts we need. My front sight has been bent since a Zero pounced on us in Catfish Bay. But I put a few rounds into the bastard. But no one saw the hits, so I get no credit.”
“You gun jockeys are all the same. You think it’s a game and somebody keeps score,” Ricco said.
“You bet. I shot down one over Subic Bay and the goon blew up in midair and it rained bits and pieces all over. The squadron bought me drinks for a week in the cantina. Of course, I keep score. Harrison on the 904 got two and by God, I want to beat him and I shall,” Olson countered, squeezing the words past the chewing gum.
“Maybe Jordan here will beat you with the 40 mm.”
“He’s the loader not the gunner and Gus can’t hit the barn even if it was thrown at him. Besides I pump out 10 bullets for every one the Bofors fires off.” Olson talked as if Jordan weren’t there. “If anybody’s going to beat me, it’s Jeff on the front 20. He can fire at twice my range and has nothing in his way. I’ve got a rail all around me, boxing me in.”
“To keep you from shooting up the boat and sinking us. Want to be talked about? Saw off the radio mast with an extended burst.”
“Sometimes I want to. The damn thing squeaks horribly, like a cat being murdered when it’s extended. Can’t you oil it?”
“The bearing’s worn and no matter how much grease I pack in it, in two days it’s gone.”
“Yeah, all over the deck. I saw CO slip and he’ll be on your tail for it.”
“There’s nothing I can do. It needs a new gasket around the collar and a new bearing. One of these days it’ll seize up... probably when we need it most. You can bet on it.”
Jordan itched to get into the conversation even though he didn’t have anything to say about the boat, its physical condition or any of its crew. For the most part the veterans ignored him. They heard the navigator in the chartroom above yell up to the bridge, “Go easy. We’re coming up on the reef. Look for the entrance about 23 degrees off starboard.”
Olson made a face. “Why’s he yelling?”
“Why? Because the com isn’t working... like most things on this boat.” Ricco wiped up the last of the gravy on his plate with a piece of bread and stuffed into his mouth. Jordan winced, imagining the oily taste of that mouthful. He started on the rice pudding.
“Christ, what a boat.” Olson stood up, wiped his face with his sleeve, launched himself up the companion ladder into the chart room then three more rungs up onto the deck. Jordan heard his footsteps as the gunner returned to his fifty.
“Are things really that bad on the boat?” Jordan asked.
“Worse. Nothing’s in apple pie order. We’re overdue for everything. At least they got rid of the back torpedo tubes, we rarely used them anyway, and got us better guns. We’re more of a gunboat now and it fits us better. We patrol the island chains and I never heard of a torpedo sinking one, palms and all.” He guffawed as he rose and disappeared aft, toward the engine room. Jordan looked at the wall clock as it ticked off another minute, and calculated that he had a little time before he had to return to his station.
The outside wall was covered with pinups and now that he was alone, Jordan gazed at them freely. He decided he liked Jane Russell in that sexy pose the best. But it was a close call as there were blondes, brunettes and redheads to compete for any male’s attention with plenty of exposed flesh. As last, his eyes settled on a letter and he squinted to make out the script. “Crew 19 of the third assembly line at Elco Prime in Bayonne New Jersey, worked hard to build a rugged boat to keep you safe and pray earnestly to God that you prevail in your fight against the enemy...” It was dated November 28, 1942. Jordan was still in the last days of school when Elco PT-927 was first launched. He wondered if he had made the right choice in choosing the Navy over the Army. The ocean surrounding the boat was intimidating, flat as Oklahoma. Unconsciously he tightened the strap of the regulation lifejacket.
Unexpectedly the engine noise quieted and the boat immediately settled deeper into the water. A guilty glance at the clock told Jordan that it was time to go. He stepped through the chart room and up onto the bridge. The Exo moved aside to let him by but then called after him, “Hold on a moment. At the base I was too busy to properly look after you.” The Exo lowered the binoculars and gave Jordan a penetrating look. “All I know of you is that you are Jordan Joshua Pierce Walker from Oklahoma.” The eyebrows went up and Jordan felt compelled to nod. “Where did you get your training?”
“Melville, Sir.”
The Exo smiled. “Like most of us. Tell me, is the Cracked Jug still open?”
“It is, notorious as ever. The MP’s regularly shake down the place.”
“And is Donna Rosa still tending bar?”
“She does and rails at the MP’s for carting off her best customers.”
“Yes, war or no war, some things do not change.” He lifted his binoculars and scanned to starboard. Jordan noticed that the boat was approaching an atoll. “Easy right five degrees,” the Exo calmly ordered and the helmsman made the slight alteration.
“Did you get any special training?”
“Not that I’m aware of, Sir. Six months of tying knots, rowing, some rifle training, but mostly how to recognize officers and ratings. And, of course, how to salute.”
The Exo frowned and Jordan hastened to add, “They took us on boat rides and made sure we got sick.”
“Any practice with a 50 caliber? The Bofors or the Oerlikon?”
“A little, mostly doing dry shoots. Practice with the gun to track a target. Ammo is expensive, we were told, and needed for the real war. We spent more time on learning how to make up bunks and peel potatoes on KP duty.”
“How the hell did you end up in PT-boats anyway?” the Exo frowned.
“I don’t know. I didn’t ask for special service.”
“Well you’re here and we’ll have to make the most of it. Keep your eyes open and learn all you can and do it in a hurry. We’re a small crew and each of us must be able to do two, three things at once.” The Exo watched tensely as they passed near a coral head. “First off, learn to handle the Bofors. Tell Gus that I said to let you practice dry shooting.”
“Aye, aye Sir.”
The navigator stuck his head out of the forward hatch. “It quickly gets shallow, bear more left then after a hundred yards cut back.”
“You heard him,” the Exo said and the helmsman made the necessary adjustment to their headings. A minute later the officer added, “Drop speed to slow, things are getting tight.” The waves were more active here as the depth decreased. In the troughs Jordan noted the heads of coral breaking the surface. The Exo leaned out over the edge to see better. “A shade more right.”
“Aye, aye Sir, more right,” the helmsman confirmed the change. The boat seemed hemmed in as the surf broke over rocks on either side.
“Easy does it, turn to 2:30... Make that 2:35,” he corrected. Abruptly the wide shoulders of the Skipper emerged from the hatch. He quickly scanned the scene.
“Why didn’t you call me?” Lt. Stillwell demanded.
“Saw no reason to, Sir. We’re almost in now.”
The Skipper looked ahead then stepping to the edge, looked into the shallow water. “Bloody hell man, don’t run us aground.”
“We’ve got a couple of feet to spare,” the Exo returned nonchalantly. “At least the map says so.” He nodded toward the plastic covered map that was clipped to the chart house roof.
“OK, OK, but you know you can’t trust them. It’s Navy issue and the soundings are mostly garbage. If you clip my props, I’ll have your balls, I swear. I don’t fancy going up against the Japs with damaged props.”
“Neither do I,” the Exo muttered, lifting the binoculars to hide his irritation. Jordan stood there, not knowing what to do. The boat scraped by something lightly and the Exo sucked in his breath. “Three degrees right,” he ordered, his voice tight with the Skipper looking over his shoulder so closely.
“Damn,” the Skipper muttered in an undertone. “It’s tighter here than a whore’s ass.”
“We’re almost through the reef, Sir. Inside the atoll, the water’s eight to ten deep.”
“It’d better be.” The Skipper suddenly discovered Jordan and growled, “What’re you doing here? Get to your post!” Jordan hurried off, trying to keep his feet under him as the boat made a radical turn to the right. The engines roared and the boat’s speed increased again: Jordan was nearly pitched over the side, saving himself by grabbing the stanchion of the rear .50. Olson spread himself across the cage on top and leered down at him.
“Hang on boy, unless you want a bath.” He was chewing on a cigarette, spitting tobacco juice over the side. There were stains on deck where he had missed his target. Jordan hoped he was better at shooting.
Jordan wedged himself into the angle of the engine room roof and the rail of the Bofors. He felt safe there. Beside him on the shallow gun platform Gus was clearing the breech, loading the gun. He then swung the heavy barrel around to bear on the approaching beach.
“Where’ve you been? We’re making landfall and it’s standard procedure to get the gun ready.”
“And... what do I do?”
“You? You open the ammunition box behind you and get a clip of 40 mm ammo and stand ready to drop it into the hopper. Didn’t they teach you anything at basics?”
“Yeah they taught me...” Jordan muttered. The son-of-a-bitch trainer had yelled at him without a pause, regardless of what Jordan did, so he never learned what was right and what was wrong. Gus noted his confusion.
“Just be ready,” Gus said in a kinder tone. “If things happen they’ll happen fast.” He swung the barrel from left to right sighting on the unfolding beach.
They were angling into a cove that looked inviting with a clean stretch of sand, backed by palms and lush greenery. They slowed down to drifting as the engines cut back. In the quiet Jordan heard the Exo direct the helmsman toward the shore.
“Don’t go near the trees, they’re infested with bugs, we’ll nose onto the sand and spread the camouflage net over us.” The prow of the boat slid onto sand and rested there. Someone deployed the anchor and hooked it on a group of rocks sticking out of the sand. The engines were shut off, yet the ears still buzzed with their sound in the ensuing quiet. Next the net was extracted from its box and spread over the boat. Everyone helped and soon PT-927 disappeared under this mantle, becoming a part of the landscape.
From the bridge the Exo called out to the crew, “We’ll spend the rest of the day here in hiding. Come darkness we’ll head two hours east where Intel thinks the Japs are trying to set up a base on one of the islands. We are to shoot at everything that moves, but of course the best would be if we could bag a barge or two.” The Skipper said something which the Exo passed on. “Eat, get some sleep if you can, we’ll have a busy night ahead of us.”
Olson immediately took possession of the ammo box and lit up. Gus frowned at him. “Don’t set the tarp on fire, or the Skipper will skin you alive.”
“Jeez... You think I’m that stupid?” The smoke roiled out of his mouth.
“I’m just saying...”
“Well, don’t!” Indignant, Gus moved forward.
A little later the Skipper showed up with the Exo, poking their noses into everything.
“Shit!” Olson ditched the stub but hadn’t had the time to exhale and had to hold his breath as the two officers approached.
The Skipper paused at one spot, where the paint on the outer layer of the deck was peeling away. “Damn it to hell, this boat really needs a complete overhaul. The engines need work, you have to baby the radio to get anything through, and the refrigerator isn’t working at capacity. I’m afraid the food will end up poisoning us...” The two officers looked at the rack of six depth charges, and the smoke generator. “I think we should get rid of the charges to lighten our load. We’ve never had to use them yet.” Then he peered at the smoke generator and asked, “Is this still working?”
“Yes, at 60 percent I’d say.”
The Skipper’s face was troubled as he looked from one need to the next. His gaze settled on Jordan and it was obvious that the presence of the new man surprised him.
“Jordan Walker. Just out of basics, fresh as they come.” The Skipper just nodded, staring at Olson who was still leaking smoke.
“The two of you go on the beach and see if you can find some fruit or coconuts,” the Skipper said in a harsh tone.
“Aye, aye, Sir,” Olson said smartly and led the way to the front of the boat. They climbed down the forward rope ladder and splashed through 10 inches of water. The sand had a rough grainy texture, not what Jordan expected on an island paradise. They were halfway to the line of trees when the Exo called after them, “Get some palm fronds and erase your footprints. I don’t want a Jap pilot spotting them, leading him to us.”
“Right away, Sir,” Olson said, then muttered in an undertone, “Asshole.”
“The Exo is all right.” Jordan felt compelled to defend.
“No officer is all right. And you’d best remember that.”
“The Captain is ... kinda rough.”
“He’s only a lieutenant and he’s a real bastard. But that’s because he’s on the wagon. Get him a drink and he’s your best friend. He can toss down a whiskey and chase it with a beer, before you can take two sips. However, they warned him if he keeps drinking, he’ll lose his command. So he’s a little raw at the moment. But if it comes to a fight, you want him leading. The hotter it gets, the cooler he becomes. I’d rather have him than most anybody else.” They collected some castoff fronds and wiped out their footprints. Then they were under the trees looking for coconuts. There were old husks on the ground, but Olson walked past them. He found a tree with a cluster of coconuts above, and taking his shoes and socks off he grabbed hold of the trunk. “Watch how it’s done.” He shimmied up the tree, plucked the coconuts and threw four of them down. Carefully he backed down, and put his socks and shoes back on. Jordan started picking up the coconuts but Olson stopped him.
“Leave them, we’ll get them on the way back.” They pressed further into the fringe of bushes that bordered the beach and immediately were assaulted by a swarm of insects. Olson swore, swiping at the cloud pestering him. “We won’t stay long. Look for something that looks like an orange.”
“And what does an orange look like?”
“Are you telling me you’ve never seen an orange?”
“They don’t grow in Oklahoma.”
“Look for something orange... the color ... and anything else that looks edible.”
Ten steps further in, Jordan found a bush full of tiny black berries but Olson waved him off. “That’s too bitter to do anything with.” They discovered another bush with small yellow fruit and they picked a bagful. “A little sour, but taste quite nice with sugar. On a long trip, anything fresh is welcome. You quickly get tired of tinned food.”
On the way back Jordan stopped by a bush that was full of pulpy black berries. When Olson noticed, he struck them out of Jordan’s hands. “Those are poisonous!”
“What are they?”
“Who knows? The locals call them tao-li or something. Causes stomach bleeding and serious cramps.” Jordan scooped up some sand and scoured his hands.
They returned to the boat, loaded down with all they had gathered. The cook took their offering, promising to make jelly from some of the fruit.
Olson climbed into his nest on the .50, and pretended to clean the twin barrels. Gus sat Jordan on the Bofors and had him cranking the gun right then left, and changing elevation. Jordan was soon sweating as he peeped through the spider sight, trying to keep up with the commands.
“Surface targets are relatively easy. Looking from behind you can track the shell and see where they strike. In the daytime that is. Planes are really tricky. Because of their speed you have to anticipate where they’ll be, and that’s difficult. The .50’s have tracer bullets to help them, and we have a much slower rate of fire.” Gus scanned the sky through the camouflage netting. “See that cormorant flying there?” He pointed. “Try to keep it in the center of your sight. And when you get good at that, try leading it a little.” Tense with concentration, Jordan tried to follow the bird that wheeled, then suddenly dove splashing into the surf to reappear with something silver glinting in its beak. Jordan swore each time the bird escaped his sights.
“If you think that’s hard, wait until you meet one of the Zeros. The Japanese pilots are well trained, so don’t believe the crap they told you back in basics.”
“What crap?”
“That they’re stupid monkeys, who shit themselves at the first gunshot. They been kicking our asses and drove us out of the Philippines.”
“But we’re winning the war, aren’t we?”
“That hasn’t been decided yet. I know back home they’re pumping people full of propaganda but that’s public relations for you. They think the war is going fine and we’ll be in Tokyo in no time, but out here, we’re still running the wrong way. The papers call it retrenchment and regrouping for the big push. But the fact is we’re still retreating. A Japanese soldier is brave and not afraid of self-sacrifice. The sooner you realize that, the better.” Certainly the war looked different here, alone in the vast reaches of the Pacific.
The Exo yelled from the bridge. “Gus! Let him have a few live rounds.”
Gus loaded 5 shells into the hopper. “OK then. See what you can do with these.” He then took a yellow marker buoy and threw it in the boat’s wake. “Try to hit it without hitting us.”
Jordan opened the breach and loaded a round. He focused on the buoy and lined up his sight on it. He pressed the trigger and the gun roared, rocking back at the same time. The shot was wide, but not by much. Jordan fired again and got a little closer. By now the buoy was quite far away, but the next shot got it right on. 
“Mary and Jesus!” Gus rejoiced. “We got us a natural.” He picked up another buoy and pitched it in the water. “Wait, not yet. Let it get away.” They watch as the buoy fell back. “Now!”
Jordan fired and missed by a hair. But his last shot shredded the target.
“You are a fucking wonder!” Gus had a wide grin on his face. “Maybe we should have you shooting and me loading from now on.” Jordan felt good. As a country boy he had a good eye for distance and knew instinctively how to adjust for it. A glow of success filled him as he secured the 40, feeling that he and the piece of steel had become friends.
“Well done, Jordan,” the Exo yelled and even the Skipper nodded in acknowledgment.

A couple of days later Olson introduced Jordan to the 50’s. “We all got to learn each others’ functions. If I go down, you might have to take over here.” Jordan climbed into the nest and practiced moving the twin barrels around, sighting on a cormorant that was flying a parallel course.
Straddling the gun rail, Olson reached over and pulled the loading levers back. “So now we are live and dangerous. Go take the fucking bird out.”
“Shoot the bird?”
“No, my fucking grandmother. Of course the bird.” Jordan still hesitated. “Don’t be a pussy, go take your shot!”
Reluctantly, Jordan squeezed the trigger. The 50’s fired, the recoil rattling through Jordan. He missed, but did it on purpose.
“Come on, Jordan. You’re supposed to be a natural, prove it to me…” Still Jordan was loath to kill the bird, and missed again. The bird veered off, desperately flapping its wings. “The Skipper is watching.” Jordan felt he had no choice, aimed and pressed the trigger. A stream of bullets caught the bird and it disappeared into an explosion of blood and feathers. Jordan felt sick to his stomach.
“That’s more like it. If that were a Jap, you wouldn’t hesitate… would you?” Jordan just nodded.
With the lesson over, Jordan went below. After the tangy freshness of the sea air, the close confines of the crew’s quarters was overpowering with the sweaty smell of socks mingling with cheap after shave and the indefinable odor of compressed humanity. He tried not to breathe as he squeezed into his bunk. There wasn’t much room and he was constantly bumping into his few possessions that didn’t fit into the recesses of the side bulkhead. Saunders, the torpedo man, was snoring loudly above him.
Two others were talking quietly and Jordan was soon drifting off. He was roused by a loud voice demanding, “Who ripped out my Betty Grable page?” Dewar was brandishing a girlie magazine.
“Ask Rory. I think he borrowed it for a visit to the latrines,” the forward 20 mm gunner Jeff said on the verge of laughter.
“Yeah. I think he wanted Betty to kiss his ass...” They all roared, rousing more of the sleepers.
“I will kiss his ass with my boots...”
Jordan tried to block out the sounds from the others but they were too loud and he gave up. Jeff pulled a bottle from his pack and took a long pull from it.
“Hey, pass me some of that.” Dewar reached out a hand and Jeff gave him the bottle.
“What’s that?” Jordan asked, his curiosity aroused by the strange faces the others made after swallowing a mouthful.
“That my boy, is Torpedo Juice. 100 percent alcohol from torpedo fuel. Of course we dilute it some, but it still has a good kick.” Dewar reached the bottle to Jordan. “Here, have a go.”
Before he knew it, Jordan had the bottle in hand, peering at it suspiciously. “In basics, we were warned about this. Don’t they put some poison into it to discourage people from drinking it?”
“That they do, but you can filter out the poison. Charcoal does the trick, but since we don’t have any, we use day old bread.”
“Bread??!”
“You cut both ends of the loaf, and pour the juice through the length of it. It goes in as torpedo fuel and comes out as potent alcohol.”
“Is that safe?”
“Sure. We’re living proof of that. Do we look sick or poisoned to you? Hell, it’s Navy vitamin juice, good for you. Even the Exo takes a nip once in the while, but not the Skipper, not since he went on the wagon.”
Jordan took a cautious sip, grimacing as the liquid burned its way down his throat. The other two just laughed. “Now you are a full-fledged sailor. Welcome to the breed,” Jeff said, taking the bottle back and taking another sip. He shuddered at the bite, but said, “Man, that’s good. The best thing this side of Pearl.”
After a couple of more sips, Jordan started to appreciate the quality of the drink. He became lightheaded, a feeling of well-being radiating through him. The bright sun coming through the porthole notwithstanding, he slept especially well for once, not bothered by the constant vibration and the roar of the engines or the smell of high octane fuel that permeated the whole boat and there was no escaping it.
Often it was hard to sleep as the crew quarters was hot and stuffy… yet in the Navy it was advisable to catch some sleep whenever one could. Jordan quickly learned to turn his back on the noises, to close his eyes and to force himself to sleep. 

At around nineteen hundred the crew was roused and had supper in shifts in the small wardroom. Jordan couldn’t recall what he had, except for the jellied fruit tasting like candy. He was told to go ashore and shit in the bushes.
“We don’t have a big holding tank for waste and we aren’t supposed to flush directly into the sea. The locals have been complaining, hence we have new directives.”
“Didn’t anyone tell them there’s a war on?” someone asked.
“I think they know,” the Exo continued calmly. “The Japs erased two villages and killed a lot of people. So have some respect. When we can, we do our business ashore.”
“Yeah, that’s the way to show respect, take a dump on their islands,” someone snickered.

The sun was still up when the crew collected on deck to be briefed for the proposed action.
“It’s a standard approach in the dark; slow on one engine, fully muffled. We’ll track on the east side of the island quiet like. Gunners be ready. Have extra ammo on hand. When shooting starts it’ll be quick and vicious. I’d like to hit their transports, but as you know, the water’s too shallow for torpedoes. So aim true, and sink whatever we find. If you see anything piled up on the shore shoot the hell out of it. Jimmy, at the first shot, you start the smoke generator to give us cover if we need to disappear in a hurry. I don’t know what else to tell you except to be sharp and be ready for anything.”
“Sir, what’re we likely to run into?”
“Two days ago a recon plane spotted two barges on the beach and a group of infantry disembarking. Intel thinks that they’re settling in to control the north-south access to the island chains below... I needn’t tell you we don’t want them anywhere this close to our forward base.”
“How come Command’s only sending one PT boat to do this?” the navigator asked.
“Jesus, Brent, you know how thinly spread we are. We have to watch 360 and be everywhere.”
“If we get into trouble there’s no one to help us.”
“I know, but Command couldn’t spare anyone else. Three boats in the squadron are down...”
“We’re as good as down,” the senior engineer threw in, his face pocked with oil-filled pores. “I can’t keep the machinery going forever. It needs major repairs.”
“Don’t you think I know that?” the Skipper fired back, starting a slow burn that climbed into his face. “They promised us new boats... which are already in Hawaii ... supposedly.”
“I’ll believe that when I’m sitting on one.”
“All right, men, stop the bickering,” the Exo spoke up. “The fact is here we are and we’ve got a mission tonight. Concentrate on that. You can carp tomorrow.”
“If we make it...” someone muttered just loud enough to be heard.
Back on the Bofors, Gus took off the canvas cover and inspected the 40 mm. He took out an oily rag and wiped off the barrel. “Hey Jordie, open the ammunition box and get used to grabbing up a bundle of ammo. Once the shooting starts, Betsy here goes through a tray in a hurry.” Jordan found the box full of ammo, neatly bunched in groups of five. “You should also go to the forward stateroom and find where the extra rounds are kept.”
“The forward? That’s officer territory.”
“And the ammunition locker. The Exo practically sleeps on it.” Gus laughed at Jordan’s expression. “And your bunk is inches from the battery bank. I hope you don’t wet the bed, or you might get a nasty jolt one night.” Gus spun the elevation wheel and watched the barrel rise. “Good girl, Betsy. Tonight you get to spit lead and shoot the hell out of the Japs.”
“Uh, you’re not afraid, or are you?” Jordan asked, starting to feel anxious.
“The hell I am. You’ll soon learn that war’s a lot of waiting and polishing the bright work, but on rare moments it gets hot and exciting. Shit, things are flying by you all around and you don’t have time to be afraid. You just keep this baby fed and I’ll take care of the shooting.”
“You volunteered for this service, didn’t you?”
“You betcha. Before this I was assigned to a battle wagon, the Arizona. There are more people on that ship than in my home town. And there’s enough gold braid to sink it. You can’t take two steps without stumbling over an officer. I got off that hunk of scrap iron as soon as I decently could.” His face took on a faraway look. “The food was good though. They had a whole refrigerated room just for ice cream. And another one for eggs. Omelets every morning, with sausages and hash browns.” Jordan suddenly felt hungry; over the last week all they’d had were Spam, K-rations and powdered eggs.

The sunset was beautiful: the red orb slipped behind the curtain of palms, yet painted the flecks of clouds in iridescent mauve. Slowly the light drained away and the crew set about to take down the camouflage net and stow it near the anchor locker. The Exo went from stern to stem making sure nothing was left underfoot on the deck that could hinder the upcoming action.
Jordan felt his stomach harden into a ball and at times found it hard to breathe. He had often tried to imagine what it would be like to go into battle and wondered how he would do in one. He was mostly afraid of letting down his shipmates. What if he fed the ammo the wrong way and jammed the gun just when they most needed it? What if he somehow spoiled the aim of the gunner ...? He found there was a whole lot of what ifs.
“Look, the action’s going to be mostly on our right and we’ll be shooting toward shore. But if a Jap patrol boat shows up, I might have to swing the 40 around so watch it. I don’t want to blow you away.” Another what-if to worry about.
Engine One started, wheezing and coughing and it took two minutes for it to steady. Engine Two was even more sluggish and resistive. Only Engine Three came alive with some confidence. The engines were run for a full five minutes before the engineer could synchronize them. Still every once in a while one of them coughed up a cloud of dark smoke that bubbled up from the exhaust port below water. Someone retrieved the anchor and the boat slowly backed off the beach and turned its nose toward open water. There was again the nerve racking track through the reef, but once outside the engines roared up and the boat quickly rose to plane.
With the speed the rush of air tugged at Jordan’s hair and got under his life jacket. He hung onto the rail of the Bofors as the boat settled into a new course. The roar of the engines made talking an impossibility, and Jordan soon sank into himself, re-arguing the reasons for and against electing the Navy over the Army. Certainly on this boat he only had to worry about his shipmates, whereas in the Army, on land, he would be exposed to every officer who cared to order him about. He thought of his uncle who became a Sergeant-Major and got wounded in the Battle of Belleau Woods where his regiment was decimated. He lost an arm because of that, which turned him into a bitter man and a drunkard who drank away the small pension the government gave him. Jordan couldn’t decide which was worse, to be blown to bits in an instant, or to flounder in water and slowly drown. To stop these uncomfortable thoughts he tried to think of his mother and sister. He realized that he hadn’t written them in a month and they were probably wondering if he was alive or dead. He promised himself to write to them at the first opportunity.
The moon came up, bigger than Jordan had ever seen a moon before. Silver highlighted every ripple on the surface and their wake stood out like neon lights in the darkness. The engines eased back and with the reduced speed the boat settled down into the water and the prop wash lessened considerably.
Olson appeared suddenly, settled on the ammo box and lit up casually.
“Good God, man,” Gus railed at him. “We’re going into action and you’re advertising our position.”
“I got it covered.” Olson showed his hand that cupped the glow of the cigarette. “And anyway we’re not there yet. But damned if I’ll sweat out the next hour or so without a cigarette. If the Japs are going to shoot me, they’ll do so with some nicotine in my system. And if Saint Peter asks me why do I smell so nice, I’ll tell him it’s the Lucky Strikes.” He had the nerve to smoke three cigarettes, one after the other, before climbing into the cage of the rear twin .50’s.
“What an ass.” Gus spat after him.
Suddenly the engines eased again and the sound quieted right down. Alarmed Jordan looked around seeking the reason for it.
“Easy now, Son. We go in silently to catch’em by surprise. But get ready, we must be getting close.” The boat was crawling toward the dark outline of an island on their right. In spite of the bright moonlight no detail stood out. Jordan could see the white foam of the waves breaking on the beach. He strained to see something, his heart beating faster. He was about to meet the enemy. These were the ass-holes who bombed Pearl Harbor, sank the pride of the Navy and killed so many sailors. And kicked the U.S. out of the Philippines. Jordan was itching to take pot shots at them. How was he going to do that? He was only a loader.
Jordan looked hard, trying to penetrate the darkness. What he saw was a picture postcard of the Pacific, full moon over the silhouette of a tropical island. It didn’t seem possible that all hell was about to break loose. His stomach gave a nervous lurch and he made a face.
“What’s the matter with you? Don’t go soft on me. Not now.”
“Can’t help it. I got to go to the bathroom.”
“Now? Can’t it wait?”
“No, it can’t.”
“Then don’t be shy about it, piss over the side.”
“It’s number two....”
“Oh for God’s sake. Go, but do it in a hurry.”
Jordan put the ammunition he was holding back into the box and hurried forward. He pushed past the startled helmsman and lowered himself into the chartroom, where the navigator was briefing the Skipper. “As long as we keep about 100 yards off shore, we have enough depth. Here are some rocks...” he tapped the map, “but the rest is clear.” They looked surprised as Jordan rushed by them. He found the head, and hurriedly settled on the seat. His guts churned as he emptied himself. The anticipation had tied him up in knots and it was a great relief to ease the tension. He flushed and tightened his belt. He headed back, twisting around sharp corners and tight pass-throughs. Sheepishly he eased around the radio operator and heard the squawk from the man’s headphones. Up on deck, the Skipper frowned at him, but without a word moved aside to let him pass. Jordan got back to his post and grabbed up the ammo.
“Feel better now?” Gus asked. His mouth was chewing furiously on a wad of gum, his eyes peering into the darkness. They were now about 100 yards off shore (like the navigator had advised), barely moving in silent mode. Suddenly the Exo appeared. “Wait until the forward 50 starts shooting then fire away. But not until...” the Exo said in a half whisper.
“Aye, aye.” Gus nodded; he knew the drill. For the fifth time Jordan tightened his helmet strap, hoping it wouldn’t fall off in the action. His stomach lurched and he felt like running for the head again. He searched the darkness, but saw nothing of the enemy. The tableau looked sleepy and peaceful.
Suddenly the forward 50 opened up sending a twin stream of bullets toward the beach. Immediately the other guns joined in. At the first sounds, Jordan just about jumped out of his skin as the guns ripped into the quiet of the night. The Bofors roared and threw out the spent shell that rolled around on the deck. The gun bucked from recoil, loading in another round. It fired again, then again. For a couple of seconds Jordan was paralyzed, his mind blank, then he jammed his ammo into the loading tray. He bent to get more as the gun roared again.
The night was full of noise and muzzle flashes. Streams of bullets raked the shore, the tracers drawing bright lines in the darkness. Jordan was surprised to see the bullets fly, his eyes following their tracks. The sharp smell of cordite bit his throat and he wanted to cough, but there was no time—the Bofors had to be fed. What were they shooting at? He couldn’t see anything. Then something on the beach went up in a ball of flames and he could see the whole beach illuminated in strange relief. The barges were snuggled up to the shore, and Jordan saw the sparks as the streams converged on them and the bullets hit. The four 50’s were giving short bursts, pausing not to let the gun heat up too much and seize. The Oerlikon up front had a crisp, sharp sound as it sent its missiles at the rate of 450 rounds a minute toward shore.
By now all three engines were roaring full blast and the boat was moving at close to 40 knots, at top speed. On deck, the guns hammered away, and one of the barges burst into flames. Like a flower opening up to the light, the fire blossomed... but at super speed. The other barge was full of holes as the bullets were chewing through its planking.
Then from under the dark fringe of trees, a sparkle started up and tracers flashed toward the speeding boat. The enemy was awake and firing back! Jordan heard the strange keening sounds as the stream passed overhead. Soon another flicker joined in, then the bullets were coming from multiple directions, the lines often crisscrossing one another. The water around the boat boiled with their impact. A bullet skipped along the surface, hitting the boat, boring into its 2 inch mahogany plank skin. Then a bright muzzle flash lit up the trees as something big opened up, perhaps a 105 mm cannon. In a split second, like a geyser, a fountain of white water erupted into the air just ahead of the boat. Jordan dropped another round of shells into the hopper trying to stay on task, trying to ignore the light show going on. A concentration of suppressive fire raked the beach.
Then, unexpectedly a stream of bullets came from up front where nothing should have been. Hidden in the shadow of the headland was a transport ship and they were heading straight for it! Another gun joined the first and then something even bigger. PT-927 broke sharply left, and Jordan was nearly pitched off by the abrupt change of direction.
“Smoke!” the Skipper yelled up front.
“Ammo!” Gus yelled on the Bofors as he shifted his aim onto the transport. Soon sparks raked the ship as metal impacted metal. Then the view was cut off by the curtain of smoke spewed out by the contraption on the back. Saunders was fiddling with its controls.
“Ready the torpedoes!” the Exo tried to outshout the guns and Saunders hurried to the new task. He winched the torpedo tubes over the side and slapped a 5 inch shell into the breach. He sprinted to the other side and did the same to the second torpedo. “Torpedoes ready!” he yelled hoarsely.
The Elco made a lazy S, trying to line up the bow on the transport. The ship was far enough off shore, just deep enough for a torpedo run. They left the cover of their smoke and faced the oncoming bullets as the transport opened up with everything it had. The bullets hit, splintering the plywood. Jordan prayed that none would find the two high octane fuel tanks. The water around them churned from the impact of the incoming stream, but undeterred they rushed on. With their line of sight obstructed by the bridge the Bofors fell silent and only the front 50 and the 20 mm could fire on the ship. The return fire was intimidating, and Jordan pulled in his neck as the bullets hissed by overhead, a few finding something to smack into on the boat. Jordan hunkered down by the raised bulk of the engine room and stared mesmerized by the fireworks facing him. All his attention was focused on the transport, ignoring the side show on the beach.
“Torpedoes ... Fire!” the Skipper yelled from his command post on the bridge and pushed the firing button on his console. With an explosive boom the 5 inch fired and the explosion ejected the Mark WIII from the starboard tube. An instant later the port torpedo hit the water and drew twin white lines racing for the black outline of the transport.
“Hard right!” the Skipper yelled. He really didn’t need to shout, as the helmsman was right beside him, Jordan thought.
“More smoke!” the Exo bellowed.
Then less than 500 yards in front, a white column rose midship of the transport and an instant later another as the second torpedo plowed into the shallows, having missed the rear by a foot or two. For about a minute, all firing from the ship stopped, as it broke in two and in a matter of minutes, settled onto the bottom, the top deck still clear of the water. A machine gun started up, then another, but by then the PT was deep into its own smoke.
They sped back along the beach again, pumping bullets into everything they could see, and even into what they couldn’t. The first barge was fully engulfed in flames; the second was also burning bright, the heat cooking off its small arms ammo in a dazzling light show. Something else exploded brightly under the trees, perhaps the fuel depot, it was to be hoped. Behind them, just coming clear of the smoke, the transport was burning too, a dark rope of smoke billowing into the tropical sky full of stars. To Jordan it looked so unreal, war and peace so juxtaposed.
They were clear of the action, and heading south at full speed. As if sensing their victory, all engines roared with full confidence and the water parted smoothly for the boat. Jordan took a full breath. He was alive, and as far as he could tell, so was everyone else. Figure that, he told himself, my first fire fight.
“Clear the deck,” Gus yelled to be heard over the engine noise.
Jordan gathered up the spent casings and started putting them back in the ammo box.
“Over the side,” Gus yelled again. Jordan kicked the shells into the sea rushing by. “The box is for live ammo only. You don’t want to be searching in the middle of action.”
They had settled on a course and the boat seemed joyous at having survived with so little damage. To see how bad it was, had to wait for daybreak.
The Exo came back to the Bofors extending a bottle of whisky. “Take a swig, boys. You earned it. This night we gave the Japs another taste of the Mosquito Fleet.” Each took a sip, the liquid burning Jordan’s throat. The Exo left to dispense more cheer.
“What’s the Mosquito Fleet?” Jordan asked.
“Next to a battleship or a cruiser, we’re just a tiny insect. But to date in this war we’ve sunk more tonnage than anyone else. For such a small thing we have big teeth.” Gus grinned widely, showing all of his.
Slowly Jordan’s breath eased as the heat of action went out of him. He found that he was hungry, then felt some other things. “Damn!”
“What’s wrong?”
“I have to go to the head again,” Jordan confessed.
“As long as you didn’t crap in your pants.” Gus roared with laughter as Jordan stumbled forward.
Sitting on the can, he realized he had not seen the enemy face to face. All he saw were bullets flying and an evil intent to kill him. Back home in Oklahoma, Kim Li ran the local laundry; he had an Asiatic face, but could have been Chinese or Korean. What did the Japanese really look like? The war posters pictured them as caricatures: faces full yellow, glasses and buck teeth.
From the wall Rita Hayworth winked at him and he felt strange taking a dump in front of her.

Chapter 2
The day following the sharp action in the night, everybody felt elated with their victory. A ship sunk, two barges destroyed and untold damage on shore. There were at least three secondary explosions to show that they had hit something vital. Anyway it would all look good in the action report that the Exo was already writing in the officer’s wardroom. The Skipper was likely to get a commendation for this, that’s why the Exo was sweating over the words.
When on watch, Olson grabbed Jordan and drew him to the turret of the 50, where he showed six bullet and shrapnel holes in the housing. “I don’t know how they all missed me. You’d figure that maybe one would find a part of me... Look at this.” He pulled a deformed bullet from his shirt pocket and showed it proudly. “This little beauty nearly got my leg, but if your name isn’t on it, then... I guess I’m lucky.” And he kissed the bullet before tucking it back in his shirt.
“Did we take much damage?” Jordan asked.
“A little. There are a few new ventilation holes in the chartroom and get this... in the forward head a bullet tore a hole through Jennifer’s breasts.”
“Is that the blonde in the tight jeans?” Jordan asked, not having noticed it on his trip to the facility.
“No, the redhead, in the white, skin tight swimsuit.”
“Oh.” Somehow it saddened him. Some of the pinups were signed by the models themselves for “our brave boys fighting for our country.” Yeah, and don’t forget, for home and apple pie. Wave the flag, boys.
Back on the Bofors, Gus was cleaning the gun. “Go count how much ammo we’ve got left and bring up whatever’s below. I’d hate to have to face the enemy with just my dick in hand.” He spit on the baked-on gunpowder and scrubbed energetically. “Don’t worry girl, we will soon have you spiffy and good as new.” It was obvious he loved the cold piece of metal as if it were a living thing.
Jordan took stock and found they had only 37 rounds left.
“Shit. I shouldn’t have been so generous last night. If we run into something now, we have only the kitchen sink to throw at it.”
“How about the .50’s and the 20 mil?”
“Weren’t you here? We all got carried away. Figure out the costs. I read that each 40 mm ammo costs four bucks, maybe three for each of the 20 mm and the .50’s have to be at least a buck apiece. I calculate we used up 1500 dollars worth of taxpayers’ money, not even figuring on the torpedoes we fired. My father’s a baker. You know how many loaves he’d have to bake to earn that kind of money? This war’s costing us millions...” He thought hard for a minute. “How many millions make a billion?”
“I’m sure I don’t know. I count most times by tens, rarely have a hundred all together.”
“You and me both.”
Jordan looked forward to see Olson sitting in his turret, legs on the rail, his arms spread out, sunning himself. There was a hint of telltale smoke. Is the cheeky bastard smoking within sight and smell of the bridge? Maybe in the afterglow of success, things were not so strict and shipshape. Or maybe the Skipper had drunk himself into a stupor and is drying out in his bunk.
“Gus, do you think we’re going to win this war?”
“We’d better. I don’t fancy learning either German or Japanese.” He chewed on that thought a while. “Can you imagine Times Square overrun by Japanese tourists gawking at us?” He shuddered at the image.
“No, seriously. The last letter from home gossiped about nothing. As if we were out here on a paid for vacation. People are getting killed. Do they even have any idea of what’s going on here?”
“Do you?” Gus turned his disturbing gaze on Jordan. “Guess what? The war will be won on the home front, more than on any battlefield. It’ll be won by the greater number of tanks and airplanes we build, the ships we launch, the number of soldiers we mobilize and outfit. This war is more a battle between industries and economies. Add all that up and the Allies have to win.”
Jordan tried to digest that. “So you’ve got no doubts?”
“I have lots of doubts. I don’t know if I’ll survive this. I’ve been in enough scrapes to know how quickly death could take you. Two years ago I had a girlfriend back home but she found someone else. I can’t blame her for it. My parents are getting old, and my younger brother will get the bakery and I get to work for him if I’m lucky enough to make it home in one piece. And what if I’m missing an arm or a leg, or both? Have you thought of that? Consider all the soldiers returning after the war, and the industry shifting down from war to peace, where’ll you find a job then?”
This was too much of an answer for Jordan. At the present he was only worried about today. But Gus wasn’t done yet. “You know we fight here and see only the Japanese. We now have armies in Africa and they only see the Germans. The war is divided for us into the Eastern and Western Theaters but back home the papers write of both and this is shaping up to be a larger war than the First World War ever was. And more civilians get in the way of it. Think of the Brits, they’ve been fighting since ‘39. France and Western Europe overrun. Korea, China and the Philippines absorbed into the Japanese Empire. It seems war gets larger and uglier and we soon forget all the lessons of the past. It’s a power struggle for supremacy, mostly politics to guide the war machine when all anybody ever wants is to be left in peace—us and even the Japanese. But here we are killing each other. It’s a crazy world and getting crazier.”
Jordan had stopped listening halfway through the diatribe, but the tone of it bothered him. He didn’t know what to make of the war or where he fit in... but then he had little idea of life. In Oklahoma one worried about the weather and the state of the crops; little of what went on overseas ever got through. Now with sons, brothers and fathers in the war, the world came knocking at the door, crashing the party.
The boat changed course and the sun came over their shoulders.
“What’s this?” Jordan asked, rousing himself.
“We’re heading for an island to hide from Japanese planes who’re more than likely looking for us. They’ll want revenge. The Japanese are ferocious fighters with a warrior tradition, regardless of what you’ve heard. Once it gets dark we’ll continue on. I figure it’ll take three days to reach home.”
“You kidding? Three days? It took us only two to get out here.”
“True, but then they weren’t yet looking for us. The Japs know where we live and what track we have to take to get home. So the Skipper angled us more east and slowed our engines to spare them.”
True, the engines hummed quieter, Jordan noticed belatedly.
“But it’s already daylight. Why aren’t we hiding yet?”
“In a large part, war is arithmetic. Figure the pilots must start at daybreak and to cover the distance to us they need a finite amount of time, so maybe in an hour or so, they’ll be in our neighborhood.”
“What if they started before daybreak?”
“Not likely. Figure the odds.” Gus looked at Jordan’s perplexed expression. “You’ve never bet on a horse, or have you?”
“No, we couldn’t afford to. We needed money for the tractor and the truck. I have a cousin, Clifford, who believed in luck and played cards, winning and losing, more often being broke than not. He’s the black sheep of the family. I suppose every family has at least one.”
“Not in mine. We’re God fearing Christians and if it’s not in the Good Book, then it’s forbidden.”
“So how do you know odds if you’ve never bet either?”
“By reading. If there’s a piece of writing, I’ll read it—whether on the cereal box or in the New York Times.”
“Bet you can’t read Japanese.”
“There you’re right. I bet even our code breakers have trouble with that.”
Lunch was out of a can. Stewed tomatoes, peas, whipped potatoes and slices of Spam. Jordan was sitting next to Olson who reeked of tobacco. Across was Teddy the radio operator, complaining. “We’re under strict radio silence and all I can pick up is a Japanese broadcast from Manila. I’ll never get used to their music, sounds like a cat being skinned.” He sipped on his coffee, making a face at the flat taste of the brew that was probably packaged for the First Word War.
“You hear no English at all?”
“Sometimes some Aussie lingo, but it’s all in code and I can’t make no head or tail of it.”
“Geez man, you have the earphones on all day. You must be finding something.”
“Mostly static.” Teddy quickly looked out the door then dropped his voice low. “Two nights ago, I heard PT-944 call in, breaking silence, asking for help. They ran into a Jap submarine and got badly shot up.”
“Shit! I have friends on that boat! Did they get picked up?” Olson asked, unconsciously pulling out his smokes. Then realizing where he was, he jammed them back.
“I don’t know. They probably sent a flying boat to rescue them. But that means we’re out of one more boat.”
“Maybe we’ll soon get the new boats that are at Pearl,” Olson said. “They’re 80 feet long, have twin 20’s up front, a rack of 5 inch mortals, twin Bofors in the back and stand alone 30 caliber, front and back. That also means extra crew. Which would be good, so I can tell all my old jokes again.”
“I hope they come with the new torpedoes. 40 percent of the old ones are duds. We once hit a minelayer full in center, heard the impact but saw no explosion. Then we had to run for our lives. That’s where we got the crushed in look on the left side of the chart house. They patched us up quickly and had us on patrol the next night. There’re more replacement parts on this boat than anything original.”
“The engines. They’re still mostly original,” Ricco said, joining them in the small room, everybody shifting to make room for him.
“And poorer for it.” Olson said, standing up and pushing off from the table. Jordan had no doubt he was heading for a smoke.
Back at the Bofors, Gus showed Jordan the box that held the spare barrel and the hot gloves. “Sometimes, in a fire fight, the barrel gets so hot that it cooks off the ammo prematurely and can kill the gunner. So when things get that hot, we need to change it out.” With practiced economy of movement, he put on the gloves and showed how it was done. After the third demonstration he had Jordan do it.
“Never touch a barrel that has just been fired or you will lose the skin on your palms. Use the hot gloves, that’s what they’re for. With practice we can do the change in 90 seconds.” They practiced, doing no better than 140 seconds.
“That’s all right. In a few more tries you’ll get it down.”

When Jordan came off shift, he paused in the wardroom to have some porridge with brown sugar. They were running low on everything in the kitchen, and the mush wasn’t very sweet. He squeezed in between Avery the chief engineer and Brent, the navigator and sometimes radio man, who were slurping hot coffee from tin cups. Avery smelled strongly of the engines, nearly killing Jordan’s hunger. Brent on the other hand smelled faintly of alcohol. Both men were rarely seen away from their stations. Avery slept in a hammock in the engine room and Brent on a fold up cot in the chartroom within a hand-reach of the radio that was squawking day or night. The man’s ear was attuned to their call sign, and he could pick it out even in the buzz of background static.
“I tell you the Japs have copied all our maps and are navigating by the same things we are,” Brent said in a voice to force conviction.
“How do you really know that?” Avery demanded, sounding, as always, skeptical. “How can you even tell, when they are written in Japanese?”
“True. But I took a map off the barge we sank three weeks ago and compared it to ours. Just like us, half of the thousands of islands are not even marked and only the main channels have depth soundings. I tell you they are using the same marine highways we are.”
“That doesn’t mean they copied us.”
“Like hell it doesn’t! I know of at least five places where there are errors in the depth markings. The Japanese have the same error. There’s your proof!”
“So what?” Avery demanded, not willing to give an inch.
“So what??! Looking at those maps, they know exactly where we have to be. They know we won’t be motoring through uncharted waters at speed risking ripping the bottom out of our boat.” Avery just shrugged his shoulders; those problems had nothing to do with the engine room. He preferred to believe that the Skipper and the Exo knew exactly what they were doing up above. Brent scratched a three day’s growth on his chin: they were running low on shaving cream as well. “The good thing is, we also know where the Japs are likely to be. On the same bloody highway as we. That’s why the Skipper’s coming up from the unmarked side, to see if he can catch anybody unawares.”
“So that’s why we’re limping along on one engine at quarter speed.” Avery suddenly found enlightenment.
“You betcha,” Brent sounded pleased. “We’re feeling our way along very cautiously on the dark side of the island, sneaking up on the known highway.”
“So what does the Skipper expect on the other side?” Jordan asked, pushing the empty bowl away.
“Who knows? He asked for bearings and I gave it to him.” Brent stood up. “I guess I better get back to my maps, he’ll be wanting a change of course soon now.” 
Avery stood too and retreated toward the engine room. Jordan headed for the crew’s quarters and ejected the man from the berth they were sharing. The man grumbled that he could use more sleep.
“Don’t we all,” Jordan muttered without much sympathy: it was his turn. He clambered into a place hardly long enough for his height, and pulled the blanket over his ears to lessen the incessant engine noise. At their low speed, tonight wasn’t so bad. Sometimes the speed and the bouncing about was enough to shake the liver out of a man. Soon, however, he was asleep.

It seemed like in no time somebody was shaking him for the change of watch. Sleepily, Jordan stumbled to the coat rack to collect his helmet and jacket, then there was nothing but to head upstairs. Gus was at the 40, looking forward to his four hours.
“Anything?” Jordan asked.
“Nothing. We spent some hours in a cove. We reloaded the torpedo tubes. That took a little doing, wrestling with those heavy things. That’s one of my least favorite tasks onboard and I think I tore a muscle. You lucky bastard, you were asleep the whole time.”
“So that was all that thumping about I heard. I stuffed cotton in my ears, but still heard it. Could not think what was happening.”
“Why didn’t you come up to take a look and see?”
“You got to be kidding. Leave my bunk and find somebody in it when I return? Not on your life!”
“First come, first served. Claiming squatter’s rights,” Gus chortled, as he headed off for his down time.
Jordan slipped into the gunner’s seat, and winched the gun around, aiming at imaginary targets. For now he was in command of the gun and he felt immensely powerful. Swinging the Bofors forward, Jordan was surprised to see Olson on the ammunition box, a stub in hand.
“So what’s the scoop? Are we going back to base?” Jordan asked.
“In a roundabout way. The Skipper is thinking of sneaking up on whatever’s on the other side of the island.”
“What is on the other side?”
“Who knows? Maybe a barge or maybe nothing. But if there’s something, it’ll come in the morning, rousing me from sleep,” Olson added in ill humor. He disappeared forward into the darkness. 
Jordan ran his hand over the cold metal of the Bofors assuring himself the gun was loaded but the safety was on and the gun carriage was locked to prevent it from swinging loosely around. He rehearsed each motion several times to ready the gun before settling into a relaxed mode in the gunner’s seat. There was a scattering of stars shining through the overcast but hardly any moon. The boat was easing along barely making any disturbance in the water. Jordan suspected the island on his right; his ears picked up the sound of waves lapping onto shore. He saw a darker shape, but no detail.
It was a balmy, peaceful night, far removed from any sense of war. People were dying someplace in the jungle, on a far off beach, but not here or now. Jordan tried to think of home but that too seemed so unreal. They must be taking in the second cut of hay, but it was too hard to concentrate on things so far away from where he was now. He checked the gun again by feel, unlocking the 40 and swinging it first right then left before locking it again.
Barely audible the PT-927 rumbled on, altering course with the in and out turn of the shore line he could barely see. The Skipper was keeping the boat’s silhouette hidden in the backdrop of the island. There was none of the wake that shone with the phosphorescence of a neon light in the darkness.
Taking a turn around the deck, the Exo came by. “How’s it going, Jordan?” he asked in a friendly voice.
“It’s dark, Sir,” Jordan reported unnecessarily. He checked his watch.
“That it is, Son, but we’re only an hour from daybreak. We’ll be turning the corner soon, and if there’s going to be anything, it’ll be in the hidden cove there.”
“Are we expecting anything?”
“Anything and nothing. From a battleship to a fishing boat.”
“A battleship??!”
“Easy now, I was only kidding. A destroyer maybe but nothing much larger than that. There’s not enough water for anything larger.”
“Yes, Sir,” Jordan said somewhat sheepishly. He was chagrined how easily he gave away how green he was. 
The Exo paused by the smoke generator, rapped on the drums to see how much chemicals they had left in them, then he passed on forward. Jordan yet heard him speak to the gunner of the rear 50.
For a while Jordan watched toward the east for the first sign of daybreak. “The crack of dawn,” he muttered, puzzling the expression. It was still dark, but on the east a gray was slowly leeching out the black. Leeward the island started showing some detail. There was a headland up ahead and the boat slowed again, the engine quieter still as they rounded the rocks. Nothing was there on the other side, just more grayness, more water and a hint of fog. Jordan strained but could find nothing to catch his eyes. He heard the murmuring of waves washing the shore and now and then an unspecified splash. He eased himself back down, realizing how tense he was. “What if there was a battleship waiting there for real?” he asked himself, but there was nothing. He tried to relax.
The boat crept along the shore, hiding in the shadow of the island. The engines stopped and Jordan was barely aware of it. Abruptly the Exo emerged out of the grayness, whispering urgently. “Battle stations! Get ready!”
“What is it?” Jordan asked but the Exo was already away. Jordan freed up the gun and swung it forward. “God, let it not be a destroyer…”
A minute later, Gus appeared, tying his shoes. Then he opened the ammunition locker and made ready to load.
“What is it?” Jordan asked with rising alarm.
“We got us a Jap submarine just sitting there, charging its batteries.” Gus sounded jubilant.
“Where, for God’s sake?”
“Just ahead to our left, maybe a hundred yards off shore in deeper water. Could be the same one that blasted the 944. In which case, I will be glad to pay them back with interest.”
Jordan still couldn’t see anything. In front the torpedo man winched out the tubes over the edge, first on starboard then on the port side. He loaded the 5 inch shells that were to eject the torpedoes. He then pulled the pin to make the weapon hot. Then nothing happened. 
“What are we waiting for?” Jordan whispered.
“For a little more light. We’ll have only one chance at this and we don’t want to mess it up…”
More waiting followed as the light strengthened and Jordan thought he could see the long shape of the sub facing outward into the channel with dark diesel exhaust expelled into the air.
Jordan swung the 40 around to bear on the vessel. 
“Easy now,” Gus warned, “Keep your finger off the trigger.” Startled, Jordan took his hand off the toggle, but kept the gun pointed on target.
One by one the engines started, spewing exhaust through the mufflers. Jordan’s heart skipped a beat. Surely the Japs can hear that! However the enemy was making enough noise with the diesel going not to hear anything external. At low revs the props bit into the water and the boat eased forward, lining up for a good shot. Jordan bit his lip as his heart hammered in his chest. He wished the shooting would start before he had a heart attack. He could see the Skipper on the bridge bent over the range finder and the Exo steering the boat according to his orders. 
Obviously the enemy wasn’t expecting any trouble. There were two, three men on lookout in the conning tower, but they were scanning outward, toward mid channel. The distance shrank to 800, then 700 yards, and they were still unnoticed. They nearly got to within 500 yards when suddenly alarm sounded on the sub and the lookouts dived below. A burst of air bubbled along the sides as the sub tried to dive, but it was much too late.
“Fire one!” the Skipper yelled and punched the firing button on his console. The five inch shell went off, the hot gas ejecting the starboard torpedo. “Fire two!” and the second Mark VIII torpedo started its run. Two parallel lines were racing toward the sub. The Jap was settling into the water trying to turn out of the torpedo tracks. Jordan held his breath waiting for the explosion… that never came. The starboard torpedo missed the boat by inches and there was only a thump from the second.
“God Almighty, the thing’s a dud,” Gus yelled in frustration. He threw some ammo into the hopper and yelled, “Fire the damn thing already!” Jordan pulled the trigger and the gun platform rocked from the recoil. A fraction of a second latter the second shot went out, then the third. Jordan saw it hit near the sub and adjusted and may have hit it once or twice before the water boiled over the submarine.
The 40 fired again but the sub was fully submerged, desperately dumping air and flooding itself.
Unexpectedly, an explosion on the far side of the channel lifted a fountain of water into the air as the starboard torpedo plowed into the shore there.
“Ready the depth charges!” the Exo yelled from the bridge. Saunders ran aft and fumbled with the canisters. “Set 40 feet, then 50!” Jimmy freed the barrels, set the depth and waited. When they were just in front of the burst of bubbles rising to the surface, the Exo yelled, “Release!” The charge rolled off the rack into the water, quickly followed by a second. Saunders moved to the next rack and readied it, setting the charge to 60. The water here wasn’t all that deep and the sub really had no depth to hide in.
Suddenly a muffled explosion came from behind and a mountain of water shot into the air. Then another explosion followed throwing more water high.
“Release!” One after another, the charges rolled off the second rack and splashed into the water to explode at timed intervals. When the water settled there was an oil slick on top but nothing else.
“Do you think we hit them?” Jordan asked, his heart in his throat.
“Who the hell knows!” Gus fired back, displeased that there was nothing definitive. The PT-boat cut sharply left making a tight turn. 
“What next?” Jordan asked.
“Who the hell knows!”
They retraced their course, slowing where they had first seen the sub. Not far off there was a Jap swimming for shore, one of the lookouts who didn’t have time to get below. The boat cut off his path and Jeff, in front, jumped into the water, manhandled the man and drew him to the boat. They were both fished out and the prisoner sat dazed on deck. Apprehensive, the Jap looked about, probably expecting to be executed on the spot. Instead Jeff tied his hands and left him there to dry out. He was a curious sight, the enemy up close looking pathetic, not at all dangerous.
“Hell, we best get the hell out of here,” Olson swore, looking back apprehensively. “If we didn’t sink the sub it could be lining up on us right now for a shot. Their torpedoes are more reliable than ours.”
“What are you talking about? On the move, we have a draft of two feet only, a torpedo runs at over 5 feet, and would pass harmlessly under us,” Rory said.
“They got a deck gun,” Olson countered.
“If we didn’t sink him already, it’s unlikely they would come up to give us a second chance at them.”
People returned to their stations and the boat picked up speed again making about 20 knots to outrun any pursuit. When no one was looking the Jap staggered to the side and jumped into the water. 
“Damn you to hell!” Gus swore, jumping in after him.
It took some minutes to turn around, stop and fish out the two souls from the surf.
“Take the SOB below and tie him secure to something so that he can’t even move,” the Skipper said and the Jap was hustled below.
Coming off watch, Jordan found the man tied solidly to a stanchion of the wardroom. He sat there sullenly staring at his captors. Jordan got his meal, a slab of Spam, canned mashed potatoes and limp carrots. He spooned the unappetizing mix into his mouth, feeling unsettled so close to the enemy. The man was of small stature and young judging by his smooth skin. Was this really the implacable enemy who drove the Americans out of the Philippines?
“Is he going to be there all the way back to base?” Jordan asked.
“What’s the matter farm boy, you afraid of the enemy?” Jeff asked. “He’s just flesh and bones same as us. I bet his shit stinks no worse than any of ours.” And he laughed.
“He is either the luckiest or the unluckiest of his crew.”
“How so?” someone asked.
“Lucky for maybe he is the only one left alive, unlucky for he’s the only prisoner if his comrades survived.”
“I’d say he’s lucky all around. In prison, at least he has a chance of surviving this war.”
“Do you think we got the sub?”
“Who knows? We saw a bit of oil rise to the surface but the sub could just as easily have gotten away.”
“It wouldn’t have if we had full racks of depth charges, instead of just the four.”
“We got rid of the rest to lighten the boat and increase our speed and range. I bet you were glad when that destroyer was chasing our ass up Mindanao strait.”
“Do you think the Skipper will put in a claim for the submarine in his action report? It would be nice to get a commendation.”
“Maybe for damaging the sub. We must have done that. But why do you want a commendation so much?”
“Because I promised to come back as a hero. There is this particular girl I’d like to impress.” 
“I knew there had to be a skirt behind your ambition.”
Gus was working out the odds. “What are the chances that the torpedo that hit was a dud, and the one that missed wasn’t, but took out a chunk of the beach? Why could it not have been the other way around? Then we would be sure now of having sunk the mother fucker.”
Jordan picked his way to the bunk he shared and collapsed into it. In the aftermath of the action his stomach still felt tight and the Spam dinner didn’t sit comfortably in it. He tossed and turned, thinking how many were killed or maybe not. In any case the action had been dangerous.

A week later, PT-927 was heading north by itself to keep an eye on the Japanese. They had no specific assignment other than to reconnoiter and harass the enemy they came across.
After a quick lunch, Jordan stepped through the hatch onto the bridge. The Exo held him up.
“Jordan, what time do you have?”
“14:37, Sir.”
“Correct that to 14:39.” Jordan adjusted his wrist watch, wondering why. “Is your watch waterproof?”
“Yes, Sir, I think so.”
“That’s good.” The Exo gave him a peculiar look and continued. “As our newest member you have to be baptized to be one of us. So, exactly at 14:50, I want you to jump into the water for the man-overboard drill.”
“Jump into the water while we’re at speed??!”
“We are only doing about 15 knots, but yes, you jump—no questions asked. Just make sure you have your lifejacket on and for God’s sake, jump clear of the prop wash.” Jordan looked confused. “Is there any problem? It’s part of your initiation. Tell no one and that’s an order, understood?”
“Yes, Sir.” But he did not understand. He looked at his watch, 14:42, he had 8 minutes left. He went back to his station on the 40 and tightened down his lifejacket. Gus was off-duty below.
Jordan looked at the water rushing by and thought they had to be doing more than 15. Scanning around there was nothing in sight. Must this be done in the middle of the fucking ocean???
He peered at his watch, 14:47, and his heart picked up speed. I should have joined the Army! At 14:49, the seconds ticked down. Damn! But an order was an order. A quick look showed that no one was looking, Olson was impervious on the 50 and the Exo was looking forward through his binoculars. Jordan had a quick stab of fear—but at 14:50 he went over the side, jumping as far out as he could. In a great splash he hit the water and tumbled head over heels before settling into the surprisingly cold sea. The boat rushed on, leaving only its wake.
“Sweet Jesus…!” No one was looking or shouting. The boat just kept on going, disappearing in its own spray. “God Almighty!”
“Hey! Hey!” Jordan yelled on the top of his lungs. “Help! HELP!” Still the stern of the boat was growing smaller by the second. “What the fuck??!” Jordan looked around, knowing he would find nothing.
Then the boat made a wide sweeping turn and came racing back. “Jesus…” Next it looked like the boat was going to run him down but in the last minute it swung aside and settled deeper in the water as it slowed. Then it drifted closer and Dewar was extending the boathook toward him.
“Grab hold and we’ll pull you up!” Rory yelled. Jordan grasped the hook and hung on. In two seconds they had him aboard, dripping.
“Well done, men,” the Skipper said. “That only took about 85 seconds.”
“You can thank Ollie for that; he sounded the first alarm,” the Exo said. 
Jordan returned to the 40 mm, his insides still quaking. “Hell and damnation…” he kept muttering.
Later he thanked Olson, who just waved. “Think nothing of it. You owe me a cold beer onshore.”
“Done.” Jordan settled himself, but his stomach was still jumpy and he couldn’t breathe easily.
Olson came over to have a cigarette and had one going in a blink. “Actually, I saw the Exo talking to you and thought he had something up his sleeve, so I kept my eye on you. Wasn’t much of a surprise to see you go overboard.”
“It was a nasty surprise to me.”
“In the past we threw a dummy overboard, but no one took that very seriously. It’s much more real with a living creature in the water, don’t you think?”
“What I think, it’s a fucking cruelty!”
“That’s war for you.” Olson laughed, then turned more serious. “Take it easy, we all gone through it. The new man gets to jump: it’s a tradition.”
“Piss on tradition!” Jordan wasn’t happy. For a moment, he had thought they would leave him there for the sharks. The memory chilled him. It took him halfway to the horizon to settle down.
But Olson had the last word. “This is a serious business. I lost two shipmates in the Solomons. They were there one moment, then no one ever saw them again. Presumed to have fallen overboard. We backtracked but found nothing. The Pacific is a big place.” Amen.

When next Jordan looked around on top, PT-927 was just nosing up to a small island. They were at quarter speed looking for breaks in the jungle vegetation. They disengaged the engines and drifted under a canopy of branches that leaned out over the water. The boat snuggled in, the depth just clearing the props. The camouflage net came out and was deployed to hide the boat completely. The crew found places on deck to lie down, hiding under mosquito nets to keep insects off them. Jordan had only his nose out. He was thinking of home and wondered what he would write to them. He knew that he could say nothing tactical or too bloody because the censor would black out his words, hardly making it worthwhile to write at all. “Dear parents. I’m well. Eat good food and the Navy takes good care of me. The place here is wonderful, a real tropical paradise just as advertised...” Bullshit! The reality was that people died every day and up to now they had been lucky. The food was rotten, canned or dehydrated and lacking taste. There was little opportunity for hygiene; he was lucky if it was his turn to shave every three days or so. Everything was rationed and they were chronically short of supplies. The heat was a bother, the sun too fierce and the bugs were the worst. They didn’t let you sleep and even if there was a bug net, one or two would always find their way inside to keep one awake. He also missed women, more than he realized. Everywhere he looked he was confronted by men, half nude, often crude and respecting no one’s privacy. The rare native women were a mystery and they knew to keep their distance, away from undressing stares and groping hands. Jordan had never had a girlfriend and though he had admired the lady cook at the next farm over, he’d never dared to approach her, or anyone else, in a serious way. At 19, sex was still a mystery to him, wrapped in ribald jokes that the men in his life were wont to trade with each other.
Suddenly an urgent whistle ripped him from his thoughts and he hurried to his battle station, putting on his helmet and lifejacket as the regulations required.
“What is it?” Jordan asked Gus.
“Can’t you hear? A Japanese patrol plane. A two engine Kate by the sound of it.” He ripped the cover off the Bofors, and readied the gun platform, spinning the wheels. Jordan had the next batch of rounds ready in his hands.
“But we’re hidden,” he protested.
“Can’t count on it. Maybe a flash of metal will catch his attention and he can track us down. In any case we have to be ready. With planes things happen very quickly and you don’t often get a second chance. I’d rather go up against a destroyer than a plane. We can outrun most things afloat, but not the danger from the sky.” He pulled back on the breach and loaded a round. Centering the plane in the spider sight, he tracked it across the sky. The plane never deviated from its course and soon disappeared from view. The Exo blew the stand down.
Predictably Olson took his place on the box smoking away his anxieties. “I wish the Jap would’ve come closer. I’m itching to add one more to my score. The 50 calibers would cut him up like a buzz saw.”
“Be careful what you wish for...” Gus muttered, oiling his gun and pulling the canvas cover over the barrel. He then parked it in the upright position, locking it in place.
Teddy turned up and joined Olson on the box, also lighting up, exhaling a long plume of smoke. Jordan almost wished he smoked and could match their nonchalance.
“I was listening to Tokyo Rose gloating over the fall of this place and that. She’s been crowing about the fall of Hong Kong and Singapore. The Limeys are taking a real shellacking in China and fighting for their lives in Burma. They’re doing everything to keep the Japs out of India. I hope to hell they succeed. I’d hate to think what the Japs would do if they could concentrate on us alone.”
“The Aussies are here too,” Gus pointed out. “They’re good fighters and love a good scrap. That’s what they call the war, a scrap, as if it were a Sunday morning rugby match.”
“I could never figure out rugby...” Olson said, letting out more smoke. His fingers were permanently nicotine stained and his teeth showed yellow.
“Then wait to see them play cricket,” Gus said.
“Can’t wait,” Olson grumbled, the last thing on his mind.
“What’s cricket?” Jordan asked.
“You never heard of cricket?” Teddy asked.
“All I know it’s not played in Oklahoma.”
“What is played in Oklahoma?” Olson asked contemptuously.
“Nothing much, but in the season we chase tornadoes for fun or toss cows.”
“Toss cows?” Gus sounded mildly interested.
“You corner a cow, grab it, wrestle it to the ground and tie its legs together. That’s all.”
“And you call that fun?” Gus was trying to get inside the concept.
“Yeah. Or ride a bucking bronco, lasso a wild horse and bring it under control. Try sitting on a bull as it tries to kill you. You get a silver belt if you win at the state fair.”
“And you find all this fun?” Gus repeated.
“Sure. What do you do?”
“Me? I go to Coney Island, preferably with a girl and ride the roller coaster and enjoy her holding onto me. I like nothing better than have her trembling in my arms, frightened out of her skull with me consoling her. We have beer and sausages afterwards,” Teddy replied.
They talked in such a vein, exchanging likes and dislikes. Fishing, movies, bowling, roller skating, dancing or listening to cool jazz. The more they talked the more they focused on girls.
“A hot date on Saturday night is the best. Meet a nice looking girl, not knowing if you’ll score or strike out, but talk and talk, and soften her up with a few drinks. And if you’re lucky, you get to walk her home, and if you’re really lucky she invites you in for a cup of coffee or a shot of whiskey.” Teddy blew a perfect ring into the air, then destroyed it with a wave of his hand.
“And then what happens?” Olson asked, greedy for details.
“What do you think? Most often the parents sleep next door or a bratty brother or sister shares the bedroom. Nothing kills a romantic idea quicker than having relatives that close.” Teddy blew another ring and this time Olson destroyed it, irritated that there was no more to the romance.
Slowly the sun went down and dusk stole over sea and land. Skipper gave the order and the boat was made ready. Number two engine coughed a few times but wouldn’t start. They spent ten minutes trying to fix it before giving up and started off on two engines only.
PT-927 moved along steadily, parting the water smoothly. The sea was calm, with hardly a ripple disturbing the surface. They left a long white line behind as they stirred up the phosphorescence. The Exo worried that the trail so sharply drawn would be seen even from high up.
“Keep a good lookout!” the Exo yelled to his gunners.
“He’s taking us off course. The Japs are probably watching the direct route. I wouldn’t put it past the slit-eyed bastards,” Gus said loudly over the engine noise. They passed a small island, perhaps two, three trees deep.
“What’s out there?”
“More islands. Hundreds of them. Some not larger than a football field, others maybe a little longer or wider. The waters are dangerous, full of shoals and rocks. In some places you could walk from one island to the next without really getting wet... that is if the coral doesn’t cut your feet to shreds and you don’t step on a poisonous fish. There are sharks, moray eels and sea snakes.”
“Any of the islands inhabited?”
“Not really. Sea gypsies come and go, but they live on board the year around. You won’t believe that a whole family can live on a boat that’s maybe 20-25 feet long if that...”
“How do they manage?”
“They fish, dive for pearls, sell or trade for what little they need from the rest of the world. The Japs often shoot at their boats, and consider them spies—and probably rightly. The gypsies often sell information to the Aussies who give them canned meat and vegetables. They love honey too, and have learned to want tobacco. Don’t give them a drink though, they don’t know how to handle it and start waving their machetes around and seem ready to hack you to pieces.”
“You have to wonder if there’s any place left on earth that’s safe.”
“Deepest Africa, if you don’t mind the privation. South America, but the place is full of dictators, one worse than the next. Still the safest is back in the States, or maybe Canada. But the long arm of the war reaches even there. How many of our young men are plucked from their time of life and sent to shoot and kill? We fill their ears with propaganda and righteous rage to make the butchering easier for them. Another generation of youth lost, so soon after the previous Great War. Another generation that comes back angry and guilty of all the killing they’ve done. It takes many years to get rid of the burdens of war.”
“You’re not a Socialist?” Jordan asked suspiciously, mindful of the prejudices he brought with him from Oklahoma.
“I’m a Humanist. I lament the cruelty that men inflict on other men.” Gus lapsed into sullen silence, wrestling with these thoughts. Jordan was stirred up, not seeing his way clear in the picture Gus was presenting. War had always been part of history. It was the storm that shook old worlds and gave a chance for new ideas to grow and evolve—
Suddenly the front .50 started up, spitting a fiery trail into the sky. The air was filled with noise as a dark shadow roared by overhead. Gus jumped on the Bofors and trained it on the plane making a wide circle to come at them again. All the guns were barking now, streams of lead reaching for the attacker. The plane came on, settling into firing position and four machine guns started spraying death from the wings. Skipper took the helm and turned it sharply starboard. The Jap bullets whistled by, striking the water they had just left. The 50’s fired after the plane as it pulled out of its glide and climbed to turn again. The tracers bracketed the metal bird, but seemed not to find it. Jordan slid more ammo into the hopper and cringed as the Bofors boomed out its voice too near his ears. The smoke of expended gunpowder stung his eyes and he tried to wipe them as he picked up more of the dwindling ammunition. The plane was leveling out, all its guns blazing. The bullets rattled across the deck, and Jordan felt them whistle past him. Gus uttered a sharp cry and Jordan saw him thrown back and over the gun rail. Only half of him was left, just a bloody mess. An engine quit, and smoke rose from the front. The front 20 mm was silent and so was the front 50. Only Olson was hammering after the Jap.
Jordan jumped to the Bofors and swung it around. The plane was sideways in its turn, fully exposed in the Bofors sight. He pressed the trigger and the gun fired, the recoil nearly catapulting him off the platform. He braced himself, and fired three more times before the loading tray was empty. The rear .50 was still firing, and Jordan heard Olson scream his rage as his tracers found the plane and then he too was empty. Jordan jumped to the ammo box, grabbing up the shells and stuffing them into the hopper. He got back into the gunner’s seat, spun the wheels to keep the plane in his sight. He saw the plane was trailing dark smoke, but it made its turn, and came in low. The .50 rattled off the shots sending up a curtain of lead that the plane had to cross. The plane was firing too, and horrified, Jordan saw Olson disintegrate in his nest. The .50 fell silent for the last time. Jordan jerked on the trigger, the stream of ammunition crossing as the plane and the one remaining gun answered. Again the hopper was empty and the breech hungered for more ammo. Jordan jumped to the ammo box but found only three shells. He hurled to the engine room roof and vaulted into the rear .50. He refused to think of the mess that had been Olson and swung the twin .50’s around to face the enemy who was making its turn again. He was half hidden by the dark smoke and Jordan wondered what kept it flying. When he pressed the trigger, the twins bucked in his grasp and it took all his strength to keep them on target. A couple of bullets hit the plane but it still came on.
“Die, you bastard!” Jordan screamed as the four lines of bullets sawed through the deck around him. Fresh smoke billowed through the chart room access and the hatch of the engine compartment. The boat will blow up in my face! He thought of the thousands of gallons of fuel below. On board nobody stirred. They must all be dead! The Jap turned, trailing flames now. You didn’t have enough yet? Well take this! He pressed the trigger and held it down, the gun firing continuously. The barrels nearest the breech turned red and smoking. I’m going to melt the gun, he thought, but it doesn’t matter I have to kill this bastard now! The plane was in real trouble; its engines were misfiring, and the front canopy was covered with oil. It tried to line up for a final pass when parts of the wing peeled away and the machine broke sharply to the right. Jordan sent one more burst after it then the guns jammed but he was still tracking the plane with the dead guns.
The plane, now a streak of fire on the end of a dark tail of smoke, hit the water maybe 400 yards ahead of what little remained of the boat, then cartwheeled, end over end, before it broke in two, the pieces settling into the water, sinking from sight. In less than half a minute the plane disappeared, leaving just a burning smudge on the surface.
Jordan had his own troubles. The Elco was down by the stern, smoke still pouring out of it. He vaulted to the chartroom, stepping over the mangled bodies of the Skipper and the helmsman. The front deck was empty too, the Oerlikon a dark reproachful finger pointed at the sky. The gunner was nowhere, then Jordan saw a body floating face down in the water not ten feet from the boat. Jordan went to the front where the ten-men life raft was lashed to the deck but it had been shot to bits.
What the hell do I do now??! Below small arms ammunition started popping off and any one of them could ignite the fuel and blow him to pieces. Without further thought he jumped into the water and paddled off, bumping into Jeff’s corpse, the front gunner. Near panic, he thrashed with his arms, hampered by the awkward fit of his regulation lifejacket. He was maybe twenty paces away when PT-927 blew in one giant ball of flame that rose rapidly into the air. A flash of heat licked his face, and then the water punched him in the chest and stomach. For minutes he couldn’t breathe, and he gasped but could get no oxygen.
The boat was gone—not a shred left. There was a pool of fuel burning on the surface and drifting toward him. Still short of breath, he backed away from it. Slowly the flame flickered out and he was left in semidarkness, only the glow of a tropical moon casting its silver light over the desolate scene. The plane was gone, the boat was gone. 
“Is anybody there? Yell if you can hear me!” Jordan shouted, wiping salt water from his eyes. No answer. He was alone.
Jordan looked toward where the plane had gone in but found no trace of it. At least we got the bastard! He and Olson. The gunner had got what he wanted, a second plane, but was no longer alive to harvest the credit. Jordan shook his head. He just could not believe that everyone was gone, even the Jap prisoner. He and Gus had been talking when the sky fell on them.
Why did I survive? With hundreds of bullets exchanged, how did I escape? Maybe I’m wounded but don’t know it. But nothing felt out of place or hurt very much. His arm was sore from hitting the rail, but that was all. Maybe I’m bleeding, and the sharks...!! With more urgency he looked around for signs of blood in the water. There wasn’t any. 
On his right was an island maybe a mile away. Then nearer on his left something bigger. He chose left, making determined strokes to get there. He skirted where he thought the boat had blown up, afraid to bump into a corpse again. He struggled on, slowed by the awkwardness of the lifejacket. He fumbled with the straps, tightening them, which helped him make better time pushing through the water. Still the island seemed not to get any closer and after a while he felt like he wasn’t going to make it. Get a grip on yourself! A slow, steady current was pushing him north and out to sea. He redoubled his efforts; he had to reach shore before the current forced him to drift too far. It didn’t take long before he had to rest a spell. He was not a good swimmer as the water hole in Oklahoma was hardly larger than a backyard pool.
He was starting to tire; the water was cooling him and his motions were slowing, becoming sluggish. I’m going to drown, get torn apart by a shark or pecked at by hungry seagulls. He forced himself to keep moving, flailing weakly at the water. His eyes smarted as he tried to blink out the sea salt. He was starting to feel cold and a shudder ran through him. This is the tropics for heaven’s sake, not Stateside. The shore was still far off.
Soon reality became fuzzy as he lost track of where he was and why he was in the water. He reverted to childhood, and thought he was standing in a heavy spring rain. What was he doing outside in all this darkness? It made less and less sense.
As his mind wandered, his body still made feeble motions toward the shore. The water tasted salty and he couldn’t understand it. It never tasted salty before. Not in Oklahoma! Why was he swimming in the rain anyway?
His foot suddenly touched bottom and jolted him back into a semblance of reality. Enough to stand up, the water reaching only his ribcage. The bottom was soft but he was able to stumble toward the darkness of the trees. It surprised him when he reached dry land and felt grass in his hands.
Out of some instinct, he found a depression in the sand, lay in it and had the presence of mind to pull some sand over most of himself. Slowly he remembered. The boat, the plane and the sinking, and that the rest of the crew had perished. He felt deeply sad and dreamed that he was crying.

Chapter 3
Jordan woke into the harsh light of the sun beating down into the hollow. The sand had kept the bugs from feeding on him, but a few of the burrowing kind had found him as he discovered under his clothes, some bites on his arms and legs. One by one he took off his clothes shaking them out and spreading them on the exposed rocks to dry. Naked he walked to the water’s edge and scrubbed himself with wet sand, rinsing himself in salt water.
The view of the sea showed no sign of the battle that had been fought in the dark. Nothing was left of it. The expanse of sea was entirely peaceful. In the not too far distance there was the island that had been on his right. In the daylight it looked even smaller than last night.
He turned to look over the island he did choose, hoping that he had been right. He needed water to drink and then some food. What was he likely to find on an isolated island like this? The crown of trees cut off most of the view but there was the suggestion of a hill beyond. He tried to remember where he was in relation to his home base. More south-east... maybe. Would they be looking for him? That would depend upon whether the radio operator had gotten a mayday out last night with a fix on their position. The whole thing had happened so lightning quick. One minute they were talking, the next fighting for their lives. Why didn’t the Japanese pilot give up? He was hit many times and his plane was mortally damaged, still he had come on and on.
Jordan was sure he had hit the plane at least once, maybe twice. Why didn’t it explode into an orange fireball that would have saved Olson at least, so he wouldn’t have to be alone now? The 40 mm had ripped through the thin skin of the fuselage, perhaps finding nothing vital. The pilot had been good, strafing the boat four times, each time killing somebody. He hoped that the Jap died a horrible death in the fiery comet his plane had become. When he thought back it was a miracle that he had survived—but survived into what? Starvation on an island that was much too small?
His clothes dry, he climbed into them. Then he tried to decide what to do. With some apprehension he moved under the trees. Close to shore he saw mostly coconut palms that could thrive in the salty environment. Finding one with a cluster of coconuts on top, he took off his shoes and shimmied up the trunk as he had seen Olson do a century ago. He was surprised how much higher the tree looked from above. One after another he twisted the hairy balls free of their moorings and let them fall below. Carefully he backed down, feeling the rough texture of the bark jabbing at his soles. Once down he found a rock and tried to bust open the coconut. It was surprisingly hard and it took him considerable time and a larger set of rocks. A milky liquid seeped from the first crack which he sucked at eagerly. It had a slightly odd taste, nothing like the coconut filled chocolate he was familiar with back home. It took a bit longer to get at the white meat inside and to make a feast of it. For the moment he was satiated. He left the remaining coconuts there and headed toward where he suspected the hill to be. He needed to orient himself about where he was, and what the island’s resources were. He sensed that his life depended on the knowledge.
As Jordan got further from the beach, the undergrowth closed in on him, growing increasingly difficult to pass through. At one spot he thought he saw something slithering underfoot and he backed away. Gus had talked of sea snakes but what was on land? More warily he pressed on, pausing often to eyeball the next step. He reached a slope and painfully he worked his way up. Often he had to go sideways to find an opening in the dense growth. Then almost as a surprise he was on top, facing the blue extent of the sea and more islands on the horizon.
As he had expected, he was marooned on one end of the island. The current had nearly washed him into the broad channel, where he would have eventually drowned, his lifejacket notwithstanding. He had been lucky—for a second time. If he had nine lives he had used up two.
More carefully he examined the island. It lay mostly north south both ends thickening, with a narrow isthmus joining them. There seemed to be fair number of palm trees so he wouldn’t starve or die of thirst for a while. But likely he would get mighty sick of the taste. He’d have to find nuts and fruits, perhaps catch fish and birds for some variety.
To the west he examined the nearest island. Smaller, not so dense with vegetation. Perhaps not enough soil to hold the rain from running off. Several miles beyond was another island that looked more promising. He took his time, assessing each green patch in a sea of blue. If he ate himself out of the present habitat then he would be forced to move onto one of the others. Perhaps he could build a raft to sail there. But what would he use for tools? All he had were his bare hands.
“One thing at a time. One step at a time.” What next? A shelter? Fire perhaps. Using a fire drill as the Boy Scouts in his junior class back home had boasted. He wished he had paid more attention. But who knew he would need that knowledge in the future? “Be prepared,” the poster had declared recruiting new members.
Jordan worked his way carefully down the hill, finding the slope even more difficult to negotiate. He realized that he couldn’t risk an accident of any sort. A broken leg could be a death sentence. In a clearing part way down he came across some berries and ate them greedily. Plucked one and straight into the mouth. They were both sweet and sour, tart on his tongue. He had disdained Spam on board but he wished now that he had a whole mess of it. He could see that finding food was going to be his main activity. Then he would have to keep a look out for passing Navy boats and catch their attention. How? A fire of course. First comes shelter, then fire. And food and water, and a raft... Whoa! One step at a time.
He found his stash of coconuts and broke into one. He ate most of it and wrapped the remainder in a tight wad of leaves that he tied off with a twist of grass. He shimmied up a palm and harvested some fronds. It wasn’t easy as the stems were tough, hanging on stubbornly to the rest. A couple of times he nearly fell and he had to caution himself again that he really couldn’t risk any injury.
On a narrow stretch of beach he found a sun bleached branch then further off, another. Soon he had six that he dragged to a likely spot that was hidden from sight, off the beach but not far from it. He didn’t want the Japs to spot him but didn’t want to miss a US ship. He erected a primitive frame tied together by twists of tough beach grass. On top he piled a thick mat of fronds to keep the weather off him. It looked more like a simple tent than anything else. The remaining fronds he wove together to fashion a cover for himself. It was turning dark and with some sense of achievement he settled into his shelter.
He had been too busy to think much all day but as night deepened, the sadness overtook him again. He hadn’t known any of the crew well enough, however, since they were all dead he assumed a friendship that hadn’t actually been there. For now, the dead remained his only companions. Again, he wished the enemy pilot an agonizing death and a straight line to hell. I hope you died screaming.
The next days went by in a blur. Jordan tried spear fishing, stabbing at the water with a sharp stick without results. Then when he waded through the shallows, the sand erupted near his feet and he pierced a small skate but then didn’t know what to do with it. In the end he ate it raw, telling himself that many people the world over liked raw fish but he wasn’t so sure.
He tried four times to start a fire, spinning a stick between his palms, drilling into hard piece of wood as he had heard people describe the process. Nothing came of it, except blisters on his palms. He looked for flint but found nothing like it. He struck tiny sparks off rocks but never produced anything hot enough to ignite the dry grass kindling.
Without any tools he still managed to build a platform in his shelter that kept him off the sand and the scourge of sand fleas and crabs. He strengthened the roof and the sides, adding more posts and crosspieces. The construction held up quite well when one night a stiff wind blew in off the water. The palms waved aggressively but the shelter remained intact and gave good protection.
He hollowed out a length of bamboo and managed to capture rainwater that fell for brief periods each day, regularly like dew. It was a relief not to have to subsist on coconut milk alone.
He patrolled the cliff face to the north, raiding bird nests, breaking eggshells and sucking out the yolks. Sometimes when he found a partially formed chick in there, he closed his eyes and forced himself to swallow it. He needed more food and was hungry all the time. He even caught a bird once in a deadfall trap but then did not know what to do with it. He knew he couldn’t eat it raw, so he hung it from a branch, hoping to have it dry and cure in the sun. When he went back later, all he found were tattered pieces; the gulls had gotten to it, flying by, taking quick pecks at it. Jordan needed a fire badly. He tried again with the stick, and though he broke into a sweat, he could raise only a faint whisper of smoke.
He scrounged around rocks, found some insects and forced himself to eat whatever it turned out to be. He took apart a rotting tree, harvesting the white grubs. Mostly he ate coconuts and raw or dried fish. Occasionally he came across some berries and ate them off the twigs. More than once he found some dark tai-li or tai-lo berries that Olson had said were poisonous so he avoided them.
Jordan tried different vegetable matter, leaves, flowers, stalks and roots, never quite sure when he was betting his life on something really dangerous. After a while he recognized which were good or better than the rest. All the same, he quickly lost pounds and his clothes hung loose on him.
Not having anyone to talk to was also wearing him down. He found that he was talking to himself, his tongue seeming thick and strangely awkward in his mouth.
Yet every day he added something new to help him survive. He found that insects seemed to avoid a certain plant so he smeared some of its extract on himself and the bugs suddenly left him alone. This was a great blessing as his skin was covered with scabs that itched, taking all of his self-control to resist scratching.
With a sharp stone he scored a mark into one of the posts to keep track of his days. To his surprise he found he had been on the island almost a week. He took inventory: he still had no fire, and was running out of coconuts, his most reliable food source. His fishing was a hit or miss affair which he couldn’t really count on. The birds had grown leery of him, not letting him near them. With the deadfall trap he still managed to kill a few but still had no way to cook them. Perhaps it was time to move.
Jordan climbed the hill and checked the other islands trying to decide which gave him the best chance. He decided on the large island to the east to which he could leapfrog from several smaller islands. He would make a float of sticks to help him and tackle the distance in manageable stages. First the two small islands then the big one that looked to be at least six, seven miles long.
He made a 360 degree sweep to make sure he hadn’t overlooked anything. From the hilltop, he looked to where the PT-boat had exploded but saw nothing that marked the spot. Again a wave of sorrow washed through him. Everyone gone, even the Jap prisoner. I guess he wasn’t so lucky after all. Next he turned his eyes to where the plane went down, and thought he saw the shadow of the wrecked plane in the shallow water. He might have imagined it, but there was a glimmer of red, the picture of a rising sun. It made him think. What if he could salvage something useable from the remains? Perhaps a piece of ragged steel he could turn into a knife? Excited by the prospect, he decided to try to retrieve something.
Next morning he wrapped a bundle of sticks together that gave him fair flotation. By lying flat on the pack, he could paddle with his hands and move along quite smoothly. This would also prove to be a good rehearsal for the longer move he was contemplating.
He put on the lifejacket and launched himself. It took a surprisingly short time to reach the spot and one dive confirmed that the plane was quite near the surface. Not surprising after the tumble it took, the plane was in pieces. Both wings were torn off, the fuselage peeled open like a sardine can. An engine had half buried itself in the sand about 20 yards ahead, the propeller bent back. There was a disjointed tire at the site and some unidentifiable pieces. Jordan slipped out of his lifejacket and taking a big breath he dove under, aiming himself for the cockpit. The fuselage was on its side, crazily canted. Jordan reached the plane and pulled himself along a broken seam, careful not to be cut by the jagged edges of the curled up metal. There was a corpse buckled in the rear seat, and as Jordan brushed by him, what had been the face turned but was now half a skull and a mess of yellow gristle. The eye sockets were empty and the lower jaw hung down obscenely. As a silent scream bubbled from him, Jordan lost his air and had to surface. He sputtered and gasped, the terror of the sight still with him. He settled himself and got the raft before it could drift further away. So the navigator/radio operator was dead, but what about the pilot? The monster had killed all his shipmates and it was somehow important to see signs of his agony. Jordan took deep breaths and went under, kicking hard for the bottom. This time he aimed himself more forward. In the pilot sections he found the seat empty, the restraining webbing torn, the console blackened and the instrument panel bent almost double. But the pilot was nowhere to be seen. I hope the sharks got you while you were still alive and ripped you into many tiny, tiny pieces... or maybe the barracudas. On the sand beside the fuselage he found a twisted piece of the frame that looked useable. He grabbed it and made his way up to gasp in some air.
He tried to think. Had he seen anything he could use? No, just the dead guy. Was it worth it to see what he had in his pockets? No, Jordan shuddered; he definitely did not want to do that. The devastated face loomed in his mind’s eye and he shuddered again. But this time he had noted the glasses that still hugged the skull, one lens broken. Maybe he could use some of the webbing if he could undo the clasp that held it. He dove again, heading straight for the cockpit. He found the pilot’s web belt and undid it surprisingly easily. He still had some good air in his lungs so he looked around again. Out of the pocket of the navigator Jordan pulled a pencil, took the glasses off the head and grabbed a bottle that was jammed beside the seat. He rose for the surface, gasping again. He collected the raft and his lifejacket and headed for the shore.
On firm ground he examined the items he brought back. He was especially happy about the piece of the frame. A short section, one end was sharp, barely hanging on. Jordan stuck the piece into the tight crotch of a young tree, and twisting the metal piece back and forth, he broke off the end. It gave him a four inch jagged edge that he could use as a knife. He wrapped the blunt end with a piece of the webbing, giving him a good grip. He felt pleased that finally something was going his way.
Using the same technique he bent the metal back and forth until it got hot and finally broke off. He was going to turn this into the head of a fishing spear. No fish could wriggle off the forked end. He was satisfied with the day and headed back to his shelter. He uncorked the bottle and took a careful sip of something that tasted mildly like alcohol. He wondered if it was sake, Japanese rice wine. He didn’t know what he was going to do with the pencil as he had no paper and didn’t even know why he took the spectacles. Maybe just because they were within reach.
He looked around his little camp, thinking he really did not want to leave it. It gave him a certain sense of comfort as he thought of all the time he had invested in it. If he only had fire.
“I’m a regular Robinson Crusoe,” he said to himself, then tried to recall if Defoe could help him any. Conveniently, Robinson had a shipwreck wash up on his island. All Jordan had was the Jap plane and what was left of the PT boat in deeper water. Then he remembered something about cannibals, but couldn’t see Man Friday in his own future. In the end he concluded he must make do with what little he had and exploit every opportunity, just as Robinson had.
That night, he dreamed of the enemy, the Japanese navigator and the pilot as they flashed across the sky on fire, hitting the water and cartwheeling. It was clear that pilot had been thrown clear, hitting the water that must have felt like a brick wall at the speed of impact, every bone of his body broken. The navigator was likely dead already, shot through by a .50 or a 20 mm bullet. It didn’t look as if he had made any attempt to free himself from his harness.
Jordan woke shivering. There were ghosts of the dead hunting these waters. What about Gus and Olson, the Exo and the Skipper or Teddy? Did they die quickly, not feeling the pain? Gus will not bake another bread, and Olson will not smoke another cigarette. The Skipper won’t want another drink, and Teddy won’t be fishing in the static again. He, however, Jordan Joshua Pierce Walker, Sailor Second Class from Oklahoma, was still alive, worrying. What right did he have to be the sole survivor? PT-927 was no more, to be struck from the active roster. Someone at the base must have wiped them off the duty board.
He felt depressed, sitting in his shelter waiting out the brief rainfall. He took another sip of sake but didn’t like it and put it away. He stared at the post with the markings and counted two weeks. 15 days he had been on this island, his mind filled with thoughts of food. It was strange, his stomach had shrunk and he wasn’t sure if he was feeling hungry anymore. It was more that the thought of food that bothered him. He conjured up an impossible menu as if ordering in a restaurant.
After the rain stopped, he watched the sun dry up the ground and the vegetation around him. He was trying to decide what to do. Should he strike out for the other island, while he had some strength left? Yesterday he had only found three coconuts; he had picked the island clean. Yes, it was high time to move on. His eyes fell on the bottle of sake, how the sunlight was diffracted by the curve of the clear glass. His mind often wandered now and he stared at the display without thinking, not seeing the light separate into a rainbow array...
Suddenly he snapped awake. What if he could use the bottle to focus the sunlight and concentrate the power to generate enough heat to start a fire? He grabbed up the bottle, pulled out his mat of dried fronds and holding the bottle to the light, tried to focus the point of sunlight onto the mat. Nothing happened. There wasn’t enough focus. But wait! He had something better. He scurried into the shelter and from the back he brought out the spectacles and tried again. This time the focus was sharp and within half a minute, at the point of concentration, the mat turned brown then dark and a wisp of smoke rose. Elated, Jordan gathered together dry grass from his shelter and tried again. In a short time he produced smoke and blowing gently, induced a tiny flame that ignited the wad of grass. He had made fire!
The handful of grass burned off quickly, but he prepared another batch, then went to collect wood enough to build a real fire. In minutes he was enjoying the sight of flames and the wood burning. He now had fire and could cook.
Taking his spear, he went fishing and in minutes got two, close to the rock he was perched on. Coming from Oklahoma he had no idea what the fish were, but they were of good size and promised him a better meal than he’d had since the battle that destroyed his boat. He hurried back to camp, refreshed the fire, and had the fish skewered and roasting over it. A delicious aroma filled his mouth with juices, unable to wait, he pinched pieces off the fish and stuffed them into his mouth. He couldn’t remember tasting anything better, not even at the last Christmas dinner back home. It was amazing what a difference a little fire made to the taste. He stuffed himself and afterward could hardly move. The next day Jordan got a large seabird with a throwing stick and it too tasted delicious.
As it happened, the fire brought on more than just a change of diet; it led to a change of plans as well. Jordan decided he should build up his strength before attempting to cross over to the larger island. So his days found a new pattern. In the mornings he collected firewood then went looking for something vegetarian, digging up starchy roots and gathering some green matter for a salad. He revisited spots where he harvested the berries as they ripened. Then he would try his luck fishing or hunting.
In the early afternoon with the sun high in the sky, he would start a fire using the one-eyed spectacles he had salvaged. He baked or roasted whatever the day served up. Not wishing to draw attention to himself by the smoke, he would let the fire go out after the meal. He made no fire for the night for the same reason.
One afternoon he climbed the hill to a lookout point that gave him an all-around view of the surrounding sea. A polished piece of metal from the crashed plane could serve as a reflector to attract any attention to himself, should he see somebody. He practiced, trying to remember: 3-shorts, 3 longs followed by 3 shorts again, signaled SOS. But he saw nothing go by. Maybe once a native boat, too far away and it never reacted to his desperate flashing.
He found the easiest path to the top then made it a regular habit to spend his free time up there. He couldn’t get used to how isolated the world around him was, seemingly populated by seabirds only. He looked east to the target island, hoping that it was nearer to a sea route. The trouble was that PT-927 had chosen the back route and was off the beaten track. It would truly be a miracle if another PT were to come this way. The island looked more substantial, at least four times larger than what he was on now. He hoped there was a flowing spring, a source of fresh water there, more than just coconuts. Judging by the size, there had to be more! As it was, he sat in the shade of a lone tree, watching, turning, and hoping, fighting off despair. Maybe he was going to die here, or on one of the other islands. No, he was too young to die. But if he got sick... there was no one to help him.
After only a few days he started to feel stronger. He added more wood to his raft and spent long hours tying it all together. In the end it looked as if it was made of grass windings rather than of wood.
On the morning of the 32nd day by his count, Jordan got ready. He erected a rough shelter atop his raft to keep him out of the tropical sun, and a sail of woven palm fronds. He inspected the construction, hoping that it was sturdy enough to survive the crossing. He collected his treasures: the spectacles, the bottle now filled with rainwater, his fishing spear and the pieces of metal he had rescued. He also had some dried meat and stringy roots for food. Putting on his life jacket and praying briefly to a God he very rarely talked to, he shoved the craft into the surf.
At first a lazy current washed him past his island into the wider channel. The raft seemed to be holding together and felt reasonably firm beneath him. The wind was light and he dared to set the sail. Slowly the wind pushed the raft along as Jordan paddled with a length of plank he had found washed up on shore. He made slow if steady progress, although not exactly in the direction he wanted to go. Jordan was more than halfway across when an errant gust tore the sail in half. The current also started pushing him more off course. Feverishly he took the mast down and reworked the sail. It wasn’t as good as new but good enough and he resumed his previous track. Luckily the water was smooth and the raft held.
It was late afternoon when he finally landed on the first island of his itinerary. He drew the raft onto the beach. It was too late to make fire, and he spent the rest of the daylight preparing for the morrow. He collected firewood and got it ready under the shelter of some trees out of view. He gathered about a dozen coconuts, some berries and a small, rather sour fruit. He spent the night in the shelter of his raft. With first light the next day he went fishing, with hook and line he had made from the strands of the web belt. It didn’t take long to land three fishes, but one was so ugly that he threw it back. The remainder he cooked over the fire. He was getting used to the fishy taste, but longed for a juicy western steak done over a barbeque. 
Jordan spent the rest of the day securing his raft with new rope and fixing the sail. He got more fronds and made reserve sails. For the rest of the day, he groused for fruit and berries and dug up more roots. He also got two birds, which he roasted over the reawakened fire. At dusk he put out the fire and got into his shelter.
The night was mild, and if it weren’t for his circumstances, he would have enjoyed it. But he was beset with worries. Had he made the right decision? Was he going toward civilization or away from it? Was he going to make it? What was winter like at this latitude? Full of storms? Cyclones or typhoons? Why was his mind so silent? Was he starting to forget his words? It would be so nice to have Man Friday to talk to, another face to look at, to think with two heads.
To shake off these anxieties he tried to think of home, back in Oklahoma. The farm, the town of Walkerton founded by his great great-grandfather, and his high school. He had not been popular in his class. Too tired from chores from sunup that continued after school. Frequently he dozed off during the teaching and his poor marks reflected it. He rarely made it to social events and he only went to church because it was expected.
At one time his family had owned half the town as it had been built on a Walker land grant, but the drought and the Great Depression that followed had melted away the wealth. Now they had only 300 acres left and an old tractor and an older truck to work it. It took all their efforts to keep the farm going. About 100 acres were reserved for oats, the rest was pasture for the 182 cattle they raised. Unfortunately some sickness over the last years had stolen their profit and at one point, it looked as if they were going to lose the farm but by joint exertion they’d pulled through and hoped for a brighter future. His call up to serve had come at the worst time, and though they tried for an exemption that covered working farms, the Selection Board refused, claiming his younger brother would provide the exemption.
In boot camp, Jordan had made no close friends. They couldn’t understand why he was sleeping away his free time so often. He performed his assigned duties well enough not to rouse the sergeant against him, so he was left alone, almost invisible. The odd time he went out for a beer, he couldn’t fit into the mood of the others and never got near the girls who trolled for the lonely sailors back from the sea or the ones going there.
His one experience was during a church social when Jenny Holmes led him into the bushes and offered her lips to him. Not knowing what to do, he backed away, but was haunted ever since by the missed opportunity. What would have happened if? Maybe he would have been married by now, with children and the Selection Board would have left him alone. But no, here he was, marooned somewhere in the Pacific thousands of miles from home. He wondered what Jenny was doing now. She had been a pretty girl, perhaps too adventuresome as his mother claimed, but good hearted and a good cook. He wished, not for the first time or the last, that he had kissed her as she had offered.
Early in the morning he pushed off and by mid afternoon he reached his next destination, an island that was barely a hundred yards in length and less than twenty across. Closer, his real goal lay perhaps three miles off to the east and looked much larger than he had estimated from afar. There were real hills, covered by dense vegetation that promised good foraging. Perhaps it was even inhabited, he thought in a flash of hope. It was certainly large enough. Then it occurred to him that it might be garrisoned by the Japanese. No, he decided. They couldn’t be on every one of these islands.
Jordan fished, made fire, ate and slept, again fighting his regrets through the night.
By the next day he was halfway across when the rising wind tore his sail apart. The reserves didn’t last long either so he had to paddle the last mile, landing on a small beach hemmed in by steep cliffs. He made camp with a fire behind some rocks, and again spent the night on his raft pulled up on the sand. As the place was unsuitable for a long stay, he decided to head southward the next day to find something more hospitable. Here he was locked into a small enclave, filling out his time worrying. Mid afternoon the sun disappeared already behind the rise of cliffs, turning the place even less friendly.
After a sleepless night Jordan was late to rise. He felt better, likely excited by the need to explore his new home. He found many nests clinging to the cliffs and collected a half-dozen eggs that helped to still his hunger. After eating he pushed off and paddled along the shore, past the cliffs until he came to flat land that filled a broad stretch backed by tall hills. He realized that the island was much larger that he had ever thought. This gave him a jolt of renewed hope that the island was maybe inhabited. There was too much here for people to pass up. Then came the worry. This wasn’t too far from New Guinea with vague tales of cannibals and headhunters. Hadn’t Robinson washed up in this neighborhood somewhere?
With his previous experience, establishing a camp went a lot more easily. In not too long Jordan had erected a shelter at least as good as the one he had left. He drank some coconut milk as he’d had no time to collect the daily ration of rainwater. He speared a large pelican and made a feast of it.
Two days were spent settling into his new environment. There was plenty of fish, birds, even fruit; he came across something orange and halfway sweet. The pickings were rich and he should have felt satisfied, but strangely wasn’t. Having his immediate needs eased, allowed him to return to worry and dissatisfaction. He longed for people to speak to, a conversation so he could use his brain for something other than survival. Instead he was alone, free to starve or grow fat. He was turning into a wild-man. His hair, grown much too long, had become a problem with him constantly flicking it out of his face. With coconut fibers he had made a headband, but the rough texture wasn’t comfortable. For a while he had braided the long strands, but it didn’t feel right. Hair had also taken over his face and sometimes he could no longer find his mouth without pulling hair out of the way. His knife was not sharp enough to hack away the growth. Finally, taking a branch from the fire, with the glowing ember he singed away the hair. It took patience, but in the end he felt civilized again. But he was still alone.
Jordan wondered how the war was going. Were the Allies winning or the Axis? Who won the World Series? Was there even a new President voted in—he couldn’t remember when the next election was. What was his younger brother doing? Did his mother think of him or even know that he was missing in action? Did Jenny Holmes even remember him?
Climbing the nearest hill he confirmed that the island was maybe 15 miles long and more than two miles across. He couldn’t see it entirely. What he didn’t see was rising smoke or any sign of habitation.
“Damn, I’m Robinson Crusoe again,” he said to no one, his voice sounding strangely alien. He tried to sing but that sounded stranger still and he stopped. Somewhere a bird broke into chatter that was picked up, some coming from far off. I’ll have to learn their speech if I want to talk to anybody or anything.
Two days later a violent storm lashed the island. An early gust took the roof and shortly after ripped the walls away. The surf rose and reached inland, coming dangerously close to washing his camp away with his few treasures. Rain fell in torrents and the trees groaned under the weight of the wind. Jordan, hunkered down behind some rocks, avoided the worst of the blow but got drenched and quite cold. The squall passed leaving him shivering through the night.
Daylight revealed complete devastation. Several nearby trees were down, one across the remains of the shelter; only the corner posts were still standing. Jordan rescued the bamboo water container he used to catch the daily rainfall. Then to his horror he found the bottle broken and the spectacles gone. Panicking, he dug through the sand that the wind had blown in, but couldn’t find the wire-rimmed glass. What a catastrophe! Without the lens he was back to nothing and couldn’t start a fire.
Jordan widened his search, hunting in the trail of the wind. His hands were cut by bits and pieces of shells, but he kept digging the rest of the day, turning more and more desperate with each passing hour. Night fell and still he had not found it. Helplessly he broke down and cried, his body shaking with the depth of his grief. So much of his survival depended on fire and now with the spectacles gone, he was again on the edge of barely making it.
The night was long, depression tormenting him. Why weren’t you more careful? He could not see the coming day. What was he going to do? Without fire... went through his head blocking all other thoughts. He felt abandoned and more and more desperate. He could think of nothing to help himself and recalling his childhood when he still believed, he started to pray. It didn’t last long as he was not in the habit of praying: he didn’t know how to phrase what he wanted. “Dear God, you know everything. You know what I need. I pray for your help. I know I’ve not been devout...” The words died on his lips. To his surprise he felt better and after a short time he fell asleep. What remained of the night passed quickly and he woke in a better frame of mind.
“Well, I must make do with what I have.” He still had the spear, his knife, his hook and line, and bits and pieces of metal. He started cleaning his campsite, carefully picking up the fragments of the bottle. To the side, he dug a deep hole in the sand and buried the glass there. He certainly didn’t want to step on a shard. He rebuilt the shelter, and then went fishing. After half an hour he came back with a crab and a flat fish. With great regret, he started nibbling on the raw fish, each mouthful reminding him of his loss. He broke apart the crab and picked out the meat. For dessert he chewed on coconut.
Despondent he sat by his shelter as the light faded and the darkness deepened around him opening up the depth of the heavens with its cloud of luminous stars. But the sight failed to cheer him. Full of self-blame he asked himself why hadn’t he taken better care of the one item he must have to give him a chance to survive? Why, why, why?
Jordan thought back on how he’d discovered the potential of the spectacles from the rainbow created by the bottle. That had led his thinking to the lens and how to use it. Now it was gone and even the bottle was broken. Could perhaps the curvature of a fragment be used to focus the sun? No, it’s the varying thickness that did the focusing. But then he had a thought. The bottom of the glass had a dimple... that might be able to concentrate the sun’s rays. Maybe. Yes. No. What were his chances? Really? Once shit happens, it tends to pile on.
He was impatient for dawn to do its business, but of course in a situation like this, time slowed down and it was excruciatingly long before the sun made its appearance. Carefully he dug up the bottle pieces and found the bottom segment he wanted. It did have a curvature and a varying thickness. This might work after all. When he tried, the glass did focus the rays but couldn’t produce enough heat to set the dry palm frond on fire. In disappointment he was about to cast the glass away, but stopped himself. Wait! Think! Maybe at noon when the sun was warmest.
But not even at noon was the heat enough. Jordan tried it on the back of his hand feeling the heat build up but not enough. What now? His head hurt from the concentration. Slowly a thought emerged. Frantically with twigs he made a frame that elevated the piece of glass above the ground. He slid the frond underneath to find the best focal distance. Then taking the shiny metal bits he reflected the sunlight onto the glass to add to the light being focused. This time the frond turned brown at the focal point and Jordan experimented but was still just short of ignition. He rearranged the sand and planted the remaining bottle pieces to add to the light falling on the frond. This time it started to smoke and he was hugely encouraged.
It took three more tries to find the best configuration but in the end he had the twist of dry grass smoldering. Carefully he blew on it until the smoke turned to a glow that finally caught fire. He swore because he had no stack of wood ready. Hastily he collected wood and tried again. This time he succeeded and the fire was soon crackling through the pile of wood. He felt immense relief. Maybe he had a chance! “Dear God, thank you.”
The next days passed quickly. The process was awkward, requiring all his concentration, but with practice it became easier. Usually he spent the morning fishing or hunting for what needed to be cooked. Midday he built a fire and cooked whatever he caught. In the afternoon he searched for fruit and spent time watching the waters of the strait hoping to see something passing. Nothing did. He had the uneasy feeling that maybe the far side of the island faced the shipping lane used by passing boats, however he felt too comfortable with what he had to risk the long trek for the other side. Maybe in a couple of weeks.
One afternoon he was wandering in the forest, exploring and gathering anything of nutritional value. He came across some mushrooms but left them, not sure if they were safe to eat. It was often tough going through the dense vegetation and he had to be careful not to be pierced by something thorny. He saw a fat spider and thought it might also be poisonous. He was always on the lookout for things that could hurt or kill him.
Jordan was standing in a small creek trying to judge if the water was fresh enough to drink. It looked clear, but was that enough assurance? Suddenly he heard noise on his left as something big was moving through the undergrowth. Alarmed, Jordan pulled back wondering what it could be. Not bears. Nobody had said anything about bears in the Pacific Rim. It had to be ... wild pigs. They were cunning and knew how to survive. Back home, Jordan remembered that some domesticated pigs had broken out and adapted to the wild. They sired generations and neighbors often went hunting for them, coming back with wild pigs that had a different taste from those raised on corn and mush. They were also irritable and quite hostile. Jordan wondered just how dangerous this pig was. Did it have tusks? He resolved to make himself a sharpened pole to defend himself with. He retreated back to his camp. Eating dried fish, he considered this new meat source. Too dangerous, he decided, best to leave it alone.
Next morning he made his mark, notching up another day. Counting he was shocked that it added up to 63. That was nine long weeks. He had been so busy with daily survival that time had slipped from his consciousness. And in all that time he had not seen anything move on the water, except for one native boat far off. It depressed him that no one was looking for him. It put a damper on his mood for several days.
Alone, by the fire, Jordan added up his gains and losses. On the positive side he had proven that he could and did survive, but on the negative side, this was not where he wanted to spend the rest of his life. But if he wanted to get off this damned island then he would have to find something to help him.
He spent the next days fixing up the raft. New ropes, new windings, sails woven from fresh palm fronds and a stone anchor. He intended to go south... because Australia was to the southwest somewhere. Anyway, for now he just wanted to see what was on the rest of the island, and perhaps climb another hill for a look and see. One small step at a time.
The following day was no good, too much wind. The day after was better and he started off, launching his raft into a calm surf. He moved slowly along the shore, the sail catching a moderate breeze from the right quarter. In the afternoon he came across a sheltered cove and steered for the sandy looking beach. He landed, pulled the raft high and parked it under the trees. The palm trees didn’t appear to have as many coconuts as he had hoped but had enough.
Over the next days he constructed a shelter, intending to stay a week and resume his journey in easy stages. He wanted to spare and not exhaust himself.
Exploring the new territory, he welcomed a greater variety of fruits; he particularly liked what looked like wild cherries tasting just sweet enough to balance out the sour. He also found a root that came easily out of the soil and tasted nutritious, though it required much chewing. Then a couple of cloudy days followed without enough sun to start a fire. It was back to eating raw fish, and he started hating its taste and feel. Yet fish was his most reliable food source. Luckily, the next day the sky was clear and he had a fire going again. This time he made sure to keep it burning throughout the day, banking it carefully for the night to have a hot spot left over for a morning restart.
By now his clothes were a real mess. His pants were frayed and torn. His shirt was no better, hanging in tatters. He started to worry about something to replace them. But why worry in the tropics? The natives went around practically naked. And if it came to that he could make some grass skirts as he had seen in Hawaii. He tried to remember if he had met any Japanese there, or were those Chinese? Weren’t the Japanese interned? Not only in the islands but all along the West Coast of United States?
On his next outing he heard more pigs in the bush. He even caught a glimpse of one as it crossed a creek bed. He saw a rough dense body, with a long snout and the glint of yellow teeth. Was that a boar or a female? Glad that he had his sharpened pole with him if they started something, he went in the opposite direction.
One time he found a pile of broken coconut shells and wondered how the pigs could get at them or even break them open. Another time he found a similar pile of maybe six coconuts together, deepening the mystery. Both piles were old, discolored with age and in the end Jordan surmised it had to be natives who visited the island and harvested them. Encouraged greatly, he looked for boats and smoke more frequently. Nothing. But if they were here in the past, they would likely come again—but when? How long must he stay a castaway?
Jordan sailed south again maybe three miles farther, nearing the midpoint of the island. With practiced efficiency he set up camp and resumed his proven routines of fishing, hunting and gathering edibles. There was a hill nearby which he thought worth his while to climb for a look and see. After all he had to decide on the next step. Just how far was it to the nearest US or Allied facility?
It took him all morning to reach the top. The distance wasn’t long, but everywhere obstructed and difficult to ascend. It was, however, worth it when he emerged to a panoramic view that sparkled under the midday sun. On top, there was nothing to stop the flow of a brisk breeze. Looking around, he saw far to the south, more islands, all smaller than where he was now and probably with less resources. He could see right away that it would take a leap of faith to continue, risking perhaps hunger and even slow starvation. It was a gamble—likely too big a gamble. How had the ancient Polynesians dared to embark on long sea voyages into the unknown?
On one of his forays, Jordan discovered by accident another plant that seemed to keep the insects away. He rubbed himself and enjoyed the peace he gained. Yet when he looked at his reflection in the surface of the pond he found his skin was brown and with his black hair, he looked like a native with some white in his ancestry. With the bushy beard he looked unfamiliar to himself. Right away he decided to get rid of it. After the next meal, he took a burning twig from the fire and singed the end of his beard, ready to smother it. Patiently he got most of it. He used the sharp edge of a broken shell to scrape away the rest. His face felt raw afterwards but when he next looked into the pond he recognized more of himself. Still the reflection wasn’t him anymore, not the self he recognized. The face was the same, but inside he had changed. The man looking out had new criteria for living, was more aware of his limits, shorn as he was of the technology that had eased his life elsewhere.
Exploring the south extent of the beach Jordan came across the front end of a boat partially covered by sand. There wasn’t much left of it, just the prow and a bit of the deck planking. It was of obvious native construction and the beginning of some Oriental script that meant nothing to Jordan. There was just enough of the woodwork left to show the track of bullet holes that sawed through the timbers and no doubt sank the craft. From the angle of the holes he assumed it had to have been a Jap patrol plane that had surprised the fishermen and shot it out of the water, just like PT-927. The bastards! There was of course no sign of the crew and Jordan found nothing useable in the bare remains. Just another casualty of war.
Jordan had gotten into a routine again, and the days slipped by. He knew he had to make a decision soon, as he suspected that harsher weather of the coming season could trap him on the island. He was gathering stores but was still undecided whether to go or not, afraid of drifting out into the endless sea to starve or die of thirst.
As if to hurry him a squall line advanced on the island and passed slightly north of it. It brought a change of weather as colder air moved in. Looking out to sea in the aftermath, Jordan discovered a waterspout twisting and snaking in the air, just like a tornado back home in Oklahoma. He stared at it mesmerized, noting that it was heading up channel away from him. The column of spinning water stayed only for a couple of minutes then simply winked out. It unsettled him, reminding him of home and stirring up his memories and desires to be with people. To go to church on Sundays, sing with the rest of the congregation, and sometimes afterwards take in a baseball game between rival towns. He could almost taste the hotdog that was sold as he listened to old man Harvey trying to color up the game over the loudspeakers. Back then he had taken all that for granted, and thought he could always attend whenever he wanted to. But not now, marooned as he was on a God-forsaken island in the South Pacific.
It was strange, he thought, how important language was, if for nothing else but to frame one’s thoughts, to organize and remember them. Yet alone, he had grown quite mute and the sounds he made occasionally rang foreign to his ears. How could that be? It seemed that his thoughts took on a new tone that was divorced from his voice. In fact sometimes he heard two voices in his head, one for and one against something, arguing with each other. It felt weird and he shivered as if he were haunted. Yes, that was how he felt, with a stranger nesting in his mind. Was he going crazy? As a last resort, he prayed, not so much out of conviction as to keep the crazy thoughts out of his head.

Chapter 4
On the 74th day of his exile, while on a foray into a new part of the island, Jordan made a shocking discovery. Crossing the creek, in the soft mud of the other side he discovered an unmistakable boot print. And it was FRESH!!! Someone else was on this island! But who??! How did he get here? Where did he come from? Perhaps someone from PT-927 had survived? When he carefully examined the shoe print it was not the pattern of regulation Navy issue. What then? It was unlikely to be a native: they wore no footwear and if they did, it was a sort of sandal. No, this was definitely something else. He shook his head, not wanting to face the next thought, but there it was, this had to be Japanese! No! No! Maybe it was an Aussie coastal watcher, scattered throughout the islands to keep silent watch on the movements of the enemy. Yes, that made more sense. It had to be an Aussie. And if so, no doubt he had a radio that could call for help. He was elated and wanted to sing.
On more sober reflection, Jordan considered the alternatives. What if it were Japanese? Impossible— they hadn’t moved in this far south. But maybe in his isolation the war had indeed reached this far. Perhaps the stranger was a survivor like himself, marooned just as he was. But where did he come from? Not off a ship. Maybe from a damaged plane perhaps? A horrible thought flashed through his mind. Perhaps this was the Japanese pilot who had shot up his boat and destroyed it, killing all his shipmates! Impossible! No one could have survived the crash he had witnessed with his own eyes. But... but there had been no body in the pilot seat, so theoretically he could have... swum ashore and somehow landed on this island. That would explain the piles of coconuts! 

For a long while he bounced between the alternatives: Aussie or a Jap; Jap or an Aussie. If it was an Australian coast watcher then he was safe and he could look forward to being rescued, but if it was the Jap, then he was back in the war, a very private war. Mano a mano. Face to face.
Of course Jordan preferred the Aussie option but he had learned to think with his negative mind, and this made him very uneasy again. He decided that until proven otherwise, he would assume he was facing the Jap pilot. He had to be ready for anything. A trap, an ambush, an attack... any form of threat he could think of and anticipate. The Jap was tenacious; he had proven that by his stubborn attack even when his plane was on fire. A committed, dedicated bastard, implacable... This picture conflicted with the propaganda that depicted them as simpering cowards, even subhuman. But his experience argued against that. No this was a dangerous opponent not to be taken lightly.
He resolved to move, forgo the comfort of camp and sleep in a different place every night. He also decided to bury his possessions and keep only what he needed immediately. No fire, no cooked food, he thought sourly, back again to eating raw fish. At least the Jap had no fire; Jordan would have run across an old fire site in his wanderings. Whoever he was, he was also struggling to survive.
For two days he played hide and seek with the unseen enemy. He couldn’t turn his back on anything without feeling that he was being watched and someone would jump on him from any shadow. A snake in the grass, ready to strike. He backtracked his routes to erase any sign of his presence and made sure not to leave any new ones.
Jordan’s days became extremely complicated, spent mostly in hiding. But he had to eat and expose himself whether fishing or scrounging for fruit and roots. He was forever turning to watch his back, obsessed with the puzzle of whether the Jap was aware of his presence or not. After all he had made fire and had let telltale smoke rise into the air. He had to assume the pilot knew about him and couldn’t relax his vigilance for a moment. He spent long hours on one hilltop or another, watching. Once he thought he saw something, a shadow pass under the trees, but couldn’t be certain. It bothered him that he saw no further sign of the enemy except for that original boot print. When he checked on that spot, to his shock he found it gone, obliterated, the ground carefully reconstructed to look undisturbed. That was proof enough that the man knew he was not alone and took precautions. It made Jordan even more wary. It could still be an Aussie, he reasoned, who would also try to keep out of sight, but it seemed more and more likely it was the Jap sneaking around waiting for a good opportunity to attack.
With each day Jordan grew more paranoid. So much so that he forgot to make his marks and lost count of his days. He was losing weight again and his belt was barely able to hold up the tatters of his pants. His shirt was just a rag that got in his way and finally he buried it.
One day as he picked his path under the trees, he heard noises ahead. He went to the ground, holding his sharpened stake defensively to the fore. He strained to hear above the booming of blood in his ears. However the noise continued with no attempt to hide itself, so Jordan assumed that it had to be wild pigs again. He was careful to avoid all wet patches, leave no footprints and step on no twigs. He felt very insecure as if walking on eggshells. His nerves were stretched, and by many afternoons he had a tension headache.
While looking for some height so he could spy on the surrounding approaches, Jordan found a narrow opening in a cleft of a stone wall that rose thirty feet more. It led to a tight tunnel deep into the stone that then opened up into a generous cave. Congratulating himself for finding such a good hiding place, he transported all his treasures and made himself comfortable. He felt safe here; if an attack came it had to be from a predetermined direction. He collected firewood and accumulated quite a pile. Midday he took a chance and in a sun-filled recess outside, built himself the framework needed to light a wad of grass for lighting a fire. Blowing gently on the flame, he took it to light the stack of wood inside the cave. The smoke rose in the cave and seemed to disappear up top. On the outside Jordan saw no trace of it, though he caught a very light odor of burning. When not in use he banked the fire so it would never quite go out. He was elated that he could cook again.
The only trouble with this arrangement was that Jordan had become a stationary target. Every time he reentered the cave he had to consider the possibility that his enemy was waiting inside to ambush him. So each time now he let the point of his sharpened stake lead him. He also took another precaution. On the top of the access slope he assembled a pile of rocks held back by a section of fallen tree trunk. He would need only to dislodge one end to have an avalanche of stones clear the down slope. He struggled to think of other ways of fortifying his position. Strangely all these preparation made him feel less secure and added to his paranoia. So much so that he was already looking for another place to retreat to, should this hideaway be discovered.
At night he thought how crazy it all was. Both were struggling to survive, yet were hunting each other to be the king of this shit pile. On a one-to-one scale this made little sense. This was not war, nations fighting nations, armies battling one another. This was just two men, on the thin edge of survival, trying to kill each other. Where was the sense in that? But then he remembered how the other had killed all his shipmates and Jordan was back to seeking revenge again. By now he had no doubt that this was the downed pilot who had miraculously survived his plane crash, just as he himself had escaped certain death when his boat exploded.
“I must get inside his head, to get ahead of his thinking,” Jordan told himself safe in the depth of the cave. Forget everything you’ve ever heard, those were mostly lies, and go with what you know. The man was a trained pilot, skilled in his craft as he had proved himself to be. He was definitely no primitive, had to know how to read and write, had to have a sense of history and a dedication to a cause. In fact he must take confidence that the Japanese were doing so well militarily against the Americans. Maybe he came from a warrior tradition, with implacable hatred for any enemy of the Empire. But it was also possible that he was a simple rice farmer or a fisherman, who was called to war just as Jordan had been. Still, being a pilot required a great deal of technical expertise.
Whichever was true, here both of them were on unfamiliar ground, not used to jungle warfare, not used to being alone. He also had no weapons, otherwise he would have come on more boldly to roust Jordan out. The one clear fact was that Jordan couldn’t relax his vigilance. He had to assume that his enemy was near and ready to pounce.
It was sheer chance, one afternoon as he was keeping a close eye on the slope, that he caught a slight movement below. Could he have imagined it? He wasn’t sure. He dared not move, staring fixedly below, afraid even to blink and miss something. But nothing stirred, and after a while he was about ready to give up when a fresh movement caught his eye again. This time he was more certain.
He crawled to his stockpile of rocks and made ready to unleash them. For some time nothing else happened, then a shadow sprinted from one rock to another and hid. Jordan had examined every inch of the ground and knew the next stretch to be longer, perhaps just long enough to catch the Jap in the middle of his sprint. Tensely he waited, his eyes hurting from all the rigid staring. The shadow rose and vaulted forward. With a kick, Jordan loosened the rocks and they spilled down, gathering speed. The shadow jumped and Jordan heard a cry above the rumble of the slide. When the dust settled, Jordan rose carefully, and with his pole ready, worked his way down the slope. On the bottom he saw the jumble of rocks but nothing of the Jap. The bastard had escaped the cunningly laid trap! Jordan was dismayed. Looking around he found a spot of blood and rejoiced that the Jap had not gotten away scot-free. But now he had no choice; he had been pinpointed and treed. He could not stay in the cave any longer.
Quickly he returned to the cave, collected his belongings and left, going in the opposite direction, warily winding his way to the large mangrove tree that grew out of the briny tidal flat. He had discovered it on one of his outings and found a wide perch among the branches. It had the advantage of being above eye sight with a good view all around. He made himself comfortable and settled down to watch.
The next day, wanting to keep his new nest a secret, he ventured forth while it was still dark. He moved into dense bushes, waiting for the light to freshen before he risked exposing himself to catch a few fish. Then he spent some time gathering berries. The whole time he looked about nervously. Finally, when it turned fully dark, he retreated to his arboreal hideaway. But even there he didn’t feel entirely safe.
Two days later he calculated that he had been marooned for over three months. He wasn’t sure of the exact count, but everything else seemed years away. It was disheartening, with no end in sight. Also, to add to his troubles, he was facing a constant danger that could attack him from anywhere at any time. His nerves were taut and he jumped at every slight noise. When a bird erupted into the air from the grass in front, he reacted instinctively, convinced it was the Jap. It took him most of the morning to settle down. He increased his vigilance, if that was possible, and hardly dared to take a step. This was a cat and mouse game but he wasn’t sure who was the cat and who was the mouse, at times he felt himself to be both.
He was proceeding along a path that bore faint traces of boot prints. Maybe it could lead him to the Jap, surprising him. He listened intently, his eyes probing the shadows, but since the birds were twittering on unconcerned, he felt more confident that the enemy wasn’t anywhere near. All the same he moved forward stealthily, his eyes on everything. He could see that some effort had been made to hide the track and congratulated himself for noticing it. He took a step forward, but did not want to take the next. With his spear he prodded the ground ahead, and suddenly a pile of leaves collapsed to reveal six sharpened bamboo stakes in a hole that the leaves had hidden.
“Clever,” Jordan hissed to himself. “We’re now into round two.” He became even more careful.
The next encounter was closer. As he walked a stretch of trail that led through a constriction, he heard something to the side and fixed his attention on it. In doing so he nearly tripped over a vine that released a large stone tied high in a tree, and the stone came swinging down at him. He threw himself to the side, narrowly missed by the swinging rock and the sharp stakes that waited on the side. Luckily he had chosen the other side and thereby avoided impaling himself.
“All right, you won this round,” Jordan told himself grimly. “But I’ll take the next.” Easier said than done. He spent a good part of the night devising a plan, eventually coming up with a good one. He spent next day working a length of wood, shaving it to shape. With the last strands of the webbing, he tied the two ends, fashioning a bow. As a boy, he and his friends often hunted rabbits and woodchucks with homemade weapons. The one in his hands now wasn’t particularly strong but at close range could do some damage—at least he hoped so.
He spent two days practicing with the bow, at close range becoming quite accurate. Every hit fed his confidence, every miss stole from it. He had to be sure; he had maybe one chance to surprise the enemy. At the same time, he couldn’t wait too long and cede the initiative. He was sure the Jap was also devising something diabolical.
Jordan was up before sunrise, and with infinite caution he made his way to an open slope of a hillside. He burrowed into a dense growth of bushes and looked at the vista in front of him. He had figured that they both had the same problem of feeding themselves to keep their strength up. Ahead of him lay the best berry slope in the neighborhood and he thought that sooner or later the Jap would come to it. It was a surprise that they had not run into each other there any earlier. He waited, blessed that his bug juice kept the insects at bay.
Jordan waited and waited, watching the shadows turn as the sun made its way across the sky. It set, and still nothing happened. He was thirsty and hungry but refused to move, growing very uncomfortable in his cramped posture. Very, very slowly he moved around to ease the strain loading up on any body part. He dozed now and then, coming awake with a start. It was dawning with a light drizzle making him more miserable.
It was half gray still when he thought he saw some movement—then nothing. It had to be a mirage he told himself when it moved again, keeping low, obviously feeding along the bushes. With infinite care, Jordan readied his bow, waiting for the Jap to come closer. The light was freshening and for the first time he had a look at his enemy.
The man had on the tatters of a uniform and looked to be quite young. He moved quietly with smooth assurance. Often he stopped to listen, peering long down the slope. After a time he would resume picking and eating, then go low and just wait. A careful SOB. The Jap was slowly working up the slope and Jordan was sure he would soon have a good shot. Suddenly a bird took offense and chattered out a warning. The Jap froze and ducked. Jordan held his breath until he almost burst.
It took a long time for the Jap to raise himself and resume feeding. Come on you yellow weasel, just a little nearer still. The Jap was little over 10 yards away when Jordan decided he dare not wait any longer. Slowly he set his arrow, drew the bow back, and when the Jap settled on a new bush he let the arrow go. The missile hit the Jap in the right shoulder and the man cried out and dropped from sight. Jordan didn’t glimpse him again, though he could see some of the bushes moving progressively away from him. In a final lunge the Jap disappeared under the trees. “Chalk up round three for Oklahoma!”
After some time elapsed Jordan moved into the open and examined the battlefield. He found drops of blood, but to his disappointment no great outpouring. He retreated, making a wide circle back to his tree. Next day it was time for fishing. He was reluctant to expose himself, but had no other choice, he had to feed himself. As soon as he caught three fishes, he retreated into the woods, gutted and filleted the fish, eating it raw.
For four days Jordan saw no sign of his enemy, every minute poised on the knife edge of anticipation. He grew tired of the unremitting tension, all his muscles ready to jump at any sign of a threat. The Jap was a resourceful man and no doubt he was cooking up something nasty. But nothing happened. All the same every sound grated on Jordan’s nerves, no matter how innocent, or how well it fit into this narrow niche where he was afraid to take even one step.
He figured that the Jap must have radically altered his behavior, not to blunder into a new ambush. Jordan tried to think of something unconventional the Jap could have resorted to. Nothing came to mind. Maybe he was wounded badly enough to be hiding sick somewhere, like an injured animal. In the tropics, infection quickly set in if given half an opportunity. Maybe he was dead, or maybe he had moved on. Jordan remembered the plane burning but still turning to do battle. No, this man would not stop until one of them was dead.
He tried again to think like him, but got no closer. Their cultures were too different, to Jordan remaining a closed book. He couldn’t afford to take any chances. He moved cautiously, his spear always at hand, the bow over the shoulder or ready in his hand.
After four days of nerve-racking waiting he wished that the Jap would try something, so Jordan could get a sense of where he was and in what condition. The silence was haunting him. He retreated to another part of the forest where he hadn’t been, hoping to draw the Jap also into unfamiliar territory. He followed a brook upstream to have a look around. The water gurgled on his right and Jordan tensed, wondering what the sound masked. He stepped over a large stone, seeing what bad shape his boots were in. The sad remains of his clothes were literally rotting off him.
From the corner of his eyes he spotted a motion and instinctively he ducked just as a fist-sized stone blasted him in the ribs. Had he not jumped, it would have been his head. He threw a quick look and found the Jap setting another stone into a cradle of three twigs on the end of a stick. The stick snapped forward and a stone just missed Jordan who was moving fast to get out of range. The stone hit a tree and broke a branch. No doubt, if it had hit a vulnerable spot he would now be dead. He dove into the trees and ran for his life. Breathless he collapsed, his ribs hurting from his ragged breaths. “Round four to Japan!” Just how long was this game going to last? Could he keep it up for nine innings? Or would this end in a sudden-death knockout? The last seemed more probable; someone had to die here for this contest of wills to end. Who had the biggest balls? Who was luckier?
Next day Jordan moved north along a line of cliffs, thinking that the rock face would at least protect that side. He found a spot to rest and to conserve some energy. Day by day he was feeling weaker now, and feeding had become a big problem. Maybe all the Jap would need was to let him starve. But he calculated the Jap would be having similar problems. Food and rest, then being on defense all the time. Jordan was trying to come up with a ruse that would flush his enemy out into the open. But how and what did the pilot want?
In a recess of the cliff that followed the shoreline, Jordan found a sheltered beach that was well hidden from sight: one had to be on top of it to notice it. He settled down there puzzling his problem throughout the night. By morning he thought he had a plan worth trying.
He spent the day erecting a substantial shelter made of a thick mat of palm fronds over a skeleton of branches. He collected some wood and made it ready for a fire but didn’t light it. Near the fire he strung some fish, as if they were drying in the trailing smoke. He had to make it look just right to be convincing. By the time he was done it was evening. After consuming some coconut milk and its white flesh inside, he went a way off and as he had done his first night on land, covered himself with sand.
Morning came slowly. He ate more coconut then piled about eight of them by the shelter. He trampled around the site to confuse any trail, coming or going. Then he waited. Near midday he used his trick to start a fire and lit the wood. He banked it, leaving just a wisp of smoke to rise into the air. Then taking his weapons, he walked to a generous old-growth tree that completely overlooked the site. He settled into the crotch, well hidden by the foliage, and waited.
He grew numb from sitting, unmoving so long amongst the branches. All the while, the smoke rose feebly from the fire. Jordan figured that a pilot must have sharp eyes and would see even a smudge regardless of where he was. But would he come to investigate? It was soon mid afternoon with still no sight of him. It was proving hard to keep his mind on the task hour after hour, and he actually missed the first sight of his enemy creeping in from the unexpected, harder approach, just as Jordan had foreseen it. The Jap was in no hurry, carefully studying the layout from several angles.
Jordan waited, now fully alert. “Thank you Mr. Kipling, for making me think of hunting tigers in India from a well chosen blind.” He watched the Jap make a complete circuit of the camp, examining it from all directions. The only thing he couldn’t see was the inside of the shelter. “That’s right, sniff away, be cautious. But this time I got you.” Jordan readied his bow and set his arrow. The Jap changed position once more, staying on the blind side of the camp. A spear in hand, he inched closer, ready to retreat at the first hint of trouble. Jordan had a good angle now but still waited to be surer of his one kill shot. He looked for an aiming point, choosing the chest where the body was widest.
The Jap was ready to rush the shelter. When he was three steps from the entrance, Jordan let the arrow go, hitting him squarely on the chest, but was surprised that the Jap just turned and ran away.
Jordan couldn’t understand it. He saw the arrow strike but there it was on the ground, discarded. He climbed down and peered at it. The arrow had shattered and there was a splinter of bamboo beside it. Aha! The Jap had made an armored vest out of a tight bundle of bamboo. No doubt having had prior experience with the bow, he had made his own counter measure. It also explained his confidence in pushing into what could be an obvious trap. Jordan should have aimed for the more difficult neck. Maybe then it would be over now. But no, this deadly game continued on.
“So, score round five even.” How long can this go on until one of us makes a mistake? Jordan had to admit that this Jap was nobody’s fool. What new subterfuge could he throw at him? Or what would the Jap undertake? After all, the ball was in his court now.
Whatever it was going to be, it didn’t happen that whole week. Or was it eight days? He had completely lost track of time and nothing else mattered other than to kill his enemy. He was again moving north, to keep some distance between them. Until he had a new plan he didn’t want to risk a confrontation. He was reminded of the vulture that watched its victim, judging when it was time to move in. The trouble was that Jordan was not in sight of the target. He thought of digging a pit trap, but had no implements to do it with. He continued to move north, hoping the Jap didn’t get ahead of him somehow.
A seaside swamp forced Jordan inland and deflected him onto a wide cane field. He was nervous about this because the cane was high and could easily hide a battalion of men. But he also couldn’t afford the long detour around. His hand tightened on his spear and he was ready to use it as he pushed into the cane. He was near the middle when he smelled smoke. He froze. Within minutes the front was hidden in smoke with a sheet of flame rising above the dry cane. He turned and to his horror saw the flames behind him. As he watched he saw a flaming ball fly over his head and ignite the last route left open to him. He was trapped. The Jap had set his trap well and there was no way out. Jordan backed up but there was nowhere to go. He was standing in a soft spot, sinking in above his ankles. He threw himself down and with desperate urgency dug into the soil and with his bare hands scooped out a shallow depression. He lay down and pulled the wet mess of mud and web of roots and wet stalks over himself in a thick layer. Just in time as the wall of flame rushed toward him. A searing heat passed over but did not penetrate the wet layering, but for a short time it became impossible to breathe as the fire front consumed all oxygen. It left him gasping like a fish on dry land and his body cried out for air. His vision grayed then darkened and he passed out. When he awoke, he was breathing in the heavy smell of burning. In places the ground was still smoking but the fire seemed to have burned itself out. Where was the Jap? Probably gloating somewhere at having finally vanquished his foe. Well let him gloat, it was Jordan’s turn to serve for match point. Good, think me dead you bastard, all the better to surprise you.
Jordan waited until dark before he got up and started moving inland. He discovered that he had lost a boot but it was too late to go looking for it in the dark. He didn’t feel safe until he was in the trees again. Wheezing, his throat burned by the smoke, he started coughing then for a good while he couldn’t stop. He covered his mouth trying to stifle himself. Relax, breathe slowly and calmly! The racking gradually left him and he remained still until the compulsion faded.

The next morning Jordan climbed to high ground, and searched the view. Thinking the American dead, the Jap wouldn’t be so cautious. All the same throughout the day he caught not a sight of the enemy. Thinking back on it, he realized that the man had made fire but how? With what? It was a cunning plan that had nearly succeeded; he’d better be careful to safeguard his one advantage that he was “dead.” He moved about only at dawn or dusk, staying put the rest of the day. He watched quietly, conserving his energy. He dug for roots, grubs, even the odd worm which he forced down, driven by the hate he felt.
Over the next days he caught sight of the Jap setting up camp. He moved closer, climbing to the base of an outcrop of stones that overlooked the site. He saw the Jap return with fish, coconuts, roots, berries and fruit just as he had done. He too had hollowed out a length of bamboo and used it to collect rainwater. He tended his fire carefully, cooking his food, then banking it the rest of the time. It amazed Jordan how their routines had matched up so well. Maybe in a different life, under different circumstances they could have been friends. He had longed for a human face, a human voice even if it spoke a language he couldn’t understand. The loneliness stabbed him in the heart. What?! This man was the enemy, willing and ready to kill him. He’d already killed Jordan’s friends and shipmates. He was bound by duty to his Emperor, just as Jordan had sworn to fight for the American Way and avenge the heinous back stab at Pearl Harbor.
By the very open movements of the Jap, Jordan surmised that the man felt safe, convinced that he had gotten his enemy with the fire trap. Keep thinking that, you SOB, right to the very end. For the first time, Jordan felt confident of having the upper hand. “Careful,” he cautioned himself. “You have but one chance… otherwise we are back to square one.”
Night passed before Jordan thought the time ripe for a final confrontation. During the waiting, he had fashioned himself a new spear with the only thing he had left of his former possessions, his knife. When the first light touched his face, he left his position and slowly and carefully approached the enemy camp. He was quite near in a screen of bushes when the Jap returned from his usual foray and freshened the fire. He ate some fruit and berries as he spiked the fish and roasted them by the fire. The Jap stirred the flames, then took a drink. Next he lay down by the fire waiting for the fish to get done. He was still sleeping as the fish grew soft and flaked off the skewer. Still the Jap didn’t move. Just how deeply was he sleeping? This was it! The perfect time to strike now!
Spear ready Jordan moved into the open keeping the shelter between himself and the fire. Looking around the corner, he found nothing changed. The Jap seemed to be curled up, moaning out a prayer? Was this a clever trap to lure him into the open? Cautiously, full of suspicion, Jordan moved in until he was standing over the Jap, the point of the spear just inches from his chest. The man groaned, transfixed with pain. Jordan couldn’t understand it. Before him lay the man, hurt or pretending. Perhaps he had eaten something poisonous, a deadly mushroom, a fish full of venom... He looked around and among the scattered berries he found a handful of tai-li berries that caused stomach bleeding and cramps. That explained it! The Jap was in so much pain that he didn’t even realize how vulnerable he was and how close to death. Jordan raised his spear, intending to stab the man in the heart, but for some unexplainable reason he couldn’t do it. Perhaps if he had the .50, he could have blown him away without a second thought, but this close, kill an unarmed man? To his knowledge he hadn’t killed anybody yet—well maybe the navigator. He’d certainly had a go at the plane.
Jordan mustered the Jap more exactly. He, too, hardly had any clothes left. A loincloth and a bit of a shirt. No boots, no insignia, nothing. There was nothing military about him. He looked surprisingly young when the pain didn’t screw up his face. He looked a bit like Yin Li back home.
Jordan sat down staring at the man still writhing on the ground. His hands clutched his guts as he uttered piteous moans. His eyes opened but there was no understanding in them. Was he dying? Good, then he didn’t need to kill him, simply let the poison finish the job. He watched the man struggle with the pain and Jordan had second thoughts. Perhaps he should kill him to put him out of his obvious misery. But he didn’t move and his spear stayed beside him.
It was not easy to see a man die, he concluded. He hoped that his own death would be quick as a bullet to the heart, not a long drawn-out affair like this. In spite of himself he started feeling sorry for the Jap. This was a horrible way to go, even for an enemy. It was an unpleasant and even a painful experience to witness. Jordan stood up and raised his spear for the coup de grace, but again something stopped him.
This man was his age, although it was hard to tell with Asiatics. He had a mother and father somewhere and maybe even brothers and sisters who, no doubt, waited for his return. Perhaps he had a reason for what he did. War was war, often without pity or compassion. Here was his chance to kill the enemy and to his surprise he couldn’t do it. The man didn’t look like any of the propaganda posters that hung in every train station and post office across America. He didn’t have glasses or even buck teeth. True he was slight of build, but not by much and he was quick and resourceful. When a fresh moan jolted him, Jordan’s stomach lurched in sympathy. He went to the water bamboo and brought it over; he dripped some water into the man’s mouth and stilled his cries for an instant. But he was soon back at it again. The pain seemed to come in waves and he would clutch at the sand, casting handfuls in the air in useless attempts to alleviate the pain. Jordan gave him more water and won a brief respite.
The night turned out to be long. Jordan freshened the fire and kept giving the Jap water. Either the man was growing weaker or the water was diluting his pain or the poison. Whichever was true, the waves were coming less often and with less severity. At times the man babbled an incoherent stream of words, while at other times he was begging for something. Jordan did the only thing he could, gave him more water to drink.
Sunrise still found them at it, the man suffering, Jordan helping with more water. The man pissed some dark fluid that didn’t look or smell normal. Jordan dragged him to a dry spot. For hours it went on but the Jap was improving. Some understanding came into the eyes and Jordan started feeling apprehensive again. He picked up his spear and held it ready. Midmorning, the Jap sat up reached for the water bamboo and emptied it.
They looked at each other, seeing the enemy in each other, eyeball to eyeball. There was a great sense of curiosity as they measured each other up.
“Why didn’t you kill me when I was defenseless?” the Jap asked.
Jordan couldn’t believe his ears. Was he hallucinating? “You speak English?”
“Perfectly. I worked in a hotel that served foreigners. I learned English, French and Russian.”
“Are you...” Jordan asked. “Are you the pilot who sank my boat?”
“Yes,” the other said, his eyes and face inscrutable. “It was my duty.”
“And it’s my duty to kill you!” Jordan said, his face growing hard as his hands tightened on his spear.
“I would have, in your position.”
“And how about now?”
“I don’t know. Why didn’t you kill me when you so easily could?”
“I don’t know.” Jordan looked into the distance, for the first time taking his eyes off the enemy. “Perhaps because the war is far away and we both have our own war to survive.”
“My name is Hideki Murahashi.” And Hideki made a slight bow with his head.
“What?”
“If you are going to kill me, you should know my name.”
“I’m not going to kill you,” Jordan said without thinking. Why did I say that? Maybe I should stab him now, but the spear stayed still in his hand.
“And why not?” Hideki looked puzzled. “We are enemies.”
“Maybe. But right now, the enemy is hunger, the weather and the poison that nearly took you.”
Hideki was silent, his face unreadable. With his face smooth he looked younger than ever.
“What do you propose?” he asked after a long while.
“Propose? Nothing. That is, maybe a kind of truce.” Jordan struggled to order his thoughts. “I don’t know how the war is going. Perhaps you’re winning or maybe my side is. What if we let them decide? Someone, most likely the victor will come and claim this island. Let that decide. If your side comes I’ll become your prisoner, if my side comes then you’re my prisoner. Agreed?”
“I can’t be a prisoner. I would be a traitor to my country and the Emperor.” Hideki shook his head. “I would rather die honorably.”
“OK. But until then. We help each other to survive. Four hands are better than two, two heads better than one.”
“There is some logic to what you say.” Hideki’s eyes sharpened. “But the big question is, can I trust you?”
“I didn’t kill you when I could, that’s my proof to you.”
Hideki nodded, then asked in an expressionless voice, “How do you know you can trust me?”
“I don’t know,” Jordan said wondering about the wisdom of what he was suggesting. “We’ve tried to kill each other, and nearly did so several times. This island doesn’t care who lives or who dies. The sun and sky would take no notice of it. Perhaps we’ll both die here of old age, forgotten by the rest of the world.” Hideki made no reply. “I play chess, do you? Checkers too.”
“Chess yes. I don’t know checkers.”
“Well do we have a deal?” Jordan asked, curious how far he could push it.
Hideki took his time answering. “You are not a coward and that speaks for you. You are also clever as a fox and that is to be admired. And to be alone on an island lessens a life.”
“What do you mean?”
“I can learn from my enemy and become smarter and stronger for it. And a learned man is more use to his nation than an ignorant man.”
“Does that mean a yes or a no?”
For the first time Hideki smiled. “A bit of both. We live in a confusing world and often have to survive on both sides of a divide.”
“What does that mean?”
“It means that if you do not see the cliff you’ll walk off it.”
“We also have a saying back home, put up or shut up.”
“Ah yes, expressed succinctly if in a vulgar way. Let’s make the deal as you Americans like to say. Until someone comes to this island to claim it, we shall exercise the truce you speak of, but not a moment after. Never forget, however, that I am your enemy as I shall not forget you are mine.”
Jordan wrinkled his forehead trying to decide what it meant. It took another hour to refine the ground rules. Peace until the war came to claim them again.
Hideki stood up to limp painfully into the bushes and relieve the pressure in his gut. He came back much eased. He sorted through the berries trying to find the culprit.
“Those there.” Jordan pointed. “The natives call them tai-li or something like it.”
Hideki cast them into the fire. “Good to know,” he muttered.
For a while they sat across from each other, sizing each other up.
“How old are you?” Jordan finally broke the silence.
“Twenty three in August.”
“Me, nineteen. Do you know today’s date?”
“Certainly. July 25th, Wednesday.”
“You speak really good English.”
“That is because I learned. For years I spied on the English and the French in the Continental Hotel in Yokohama. They never suspected it because of my young age, but I earned good money doing it. I was able to help my parents pay off a small farm that they still work.”
“Really? I grew up and worked on my parents’ farm in Oklahoma.”
“Where is that?”
“South west. We grow oats and raise cattle.”
“We, rice and leafy vegetables. In Japan everyone grows rice, or used to. The war changed a lot of things.”
“Like what?”
“Now women work in factories while the men join the military.”
“In the U.S. too.” Jordan wrinkled his forehead. “Do you know what this war is about?”
“Most certainly. Don’t you?”
“To seek justice for the unprovoked attack on Pear Harbor.”
“Unprovoked??! Not unprovoked! America wanted to strangle the Japanese economy and did everything to achieve it. Your politicians cut off our oil, our sources of iron and steel and wanted to starve our industries of all raw materials. We had no other choice than to go to war to ensure we got what we needed.”
Jordan noted that he had unwittingly hit a nerve and tried to find a way around it. “The causes and reasons are part of the war we both agreed to put aside. Maybe we shouldn’t talk about them. In any case, in the greater scheme of things that move nations, we’re smaller than a gnat.”
“What is a gnat?”
“An insect of little consequence.”
Hideki mulled that over. “You are right. I am less than nothing when compared to the Emperor and our most honorable ministers guiding the nation in time of war. And how you said, a gnat won’t be heard even if it is shouting.” He bowed, an indication that he had somehow balanced an inequality. Jordan was beginning to realize that communication here took on a brand new meaning.
As night came Hideki offered the other side of the shelter to Jordan. Somewhat awkwardly they settled in, and no doubt, both slept only fitfully. Jordan wondered if he would be alive in the morning, but shook the feeling off. He spent some time on how good it felt to talk again and to think of deeper, more meaningful things than bare survival.

Chapter 5
It took days for Jordan to get used to being this near to his enemy, and he often asked himself why had he allowed it. Obviously, seeing the man up close, as young as himself, so utterly vulnerable, tipped the scales. Perhaps Jordan couldn’t kill—not face to face. He recalled Pastor Johnson of the Southern Baptist Congregation in Elmvale, preaching about the sanctity of all of God’s creatures and the right to live a productive fruitful life. That tune changed when they got the news that the preacher’s nephew died in Corregidor in early 1942.
If the days caused a sense of unease, the nights were worse. In the darkness doubts plagued Jordan; he was unsure if he would ever wake up again. He didn’t know if he could trust Hideki. What if the Jap was just biding his time, waiting for an opportunity to kill him? This proximity couldn’t be any easier on him either. In the end would it come down to who blinked first?
It got a little easier when Jordan erected his own shelter and didn’t have to listen to Hideki’s breathing on the other side. In the morning they talked, discussing the day, then got busy with doing what they had decided on.
In spite of the background tension, there were advantages, especially sharing information. Hideki knew where to find wild rice, cucumbers, a species of carrots, and several other leafy things Jordan had no name for; it took him many days to learn the proper Japanese words for these things. Jordan knew about berries, recalling all that Olson had taught him, as well as a type of celery, and a root plant that looked much like a smaller cousin of Cassava. Neither knew mushrooms and they decided to leave the fungus off the menu.
The first days together were revealing. Jordan learned how Hideki made fire. The pilot had found a piece of flint, which he stuck against his steel belt buckle to make sparks that he then caught in a handful of dried grass. After only two, three tries he got the grass burning.
“Where did you find the flint?” Jordan asked: he had scoured the island looking for some.
“There is a vein of it in the chalk stone of the cliff, where the stream enters the cove.” Jordan had been by the spot many times but hadn’t noticed any flint. At first opportunity he visited the place and collected a handful. From then on making fire became easy.

With two of them working together, their tasks became easier. A big part was that they did not have to be watchful and use up time to defend themselves as they had to before. They fished; Hideki proved to be excellent at it, while Jordan was very adept with the throwing stick, often bringing back birds for a change of diet. At supper they shared the fire and exchanged culinary skills. Not that Jordan was an expert, but over the last months he’d learned a lot by trial and error.
Both ate off the broad leaf of a plant that seemed to thrive everywhere on the island. Jordan admired the expert way Hideki used his sticks to maneuver food into his mouth. He himself tended to spear bits and pieces and in time, fashioned himself a fork.
They gathered things, sharing information and experience with each item they found. With something new they took turns testing minute quantities watching for deleterious effects.
But the real benefit came after the work day was done, as they talked and learned about each other. As agreed, they didn’t talk about the war, its causes or its progress, about politics or religious beliefs. They both tried hard to find common ground that would add to their strange alliance rather than to highlight their many differences. However, from time to time, they stumbled across topics that reminded them of the time when they had stalked each other.
“I can’t understand how you survived the fire. I looked afterwards but found no sign of you anywhere,” Hideki puzzled.
Jordan explained how he had burrowed into the soggy mud and covered himself and let the fire pass over him. “Clever. Very clever,” Hideki nodded approvingly. In his turn he showed Jordan how he had made the armor that had saved him from a well aimed arrow. It was pretty much as Jordan had guessed, but the weave was much finer than expected. Hideki also showed him how to make fish traps with young bamboo, while Jordan demonstrated his skill with the throwing stick. They each profited from such pooling of experiences.

After finishing the morning chores, fishing or gathering, each castaway was busy with own project. Bringing water from the creek some 60 yards away, Jordan thought to erect a water channel to lead clean water right into camp, much like what he had built back home for his mom’s vegetable garden. Splitting bamboo poles in half, he cleared out the inner core to form long conduits back to camp, erecting a trestle web to support the structure. It worked and water flowed uninterrupted just steps from their shelters.
Jordan did this to demonstrate his contribution to their wellbeing, after seeing Hideki weave tough marsh grass into a hammock. It took time but in three days Hideki was able to hang the hammock between two palms. It looked to be a solid, inviting easement. Gingerly Hideki settled into its cradle and relaxed, a satisfied smile on his face. Unfortunately, within a short time, one of the anchoring strands unraveled and dumped Hideki hard onto the sand. Seeing Hideki’s shocked expression, Jordan could do nothing but laugh, remembering many such reactions he and his brother were prone to when one of their schemes had misfired. Jordan couldn’t stop, but laughed all the harder. Hideki didn’t take it well, bursting into a fluent flow of Japanese that left no doubt to its meaning, which Hideki translated: “One should not make mirth of someone’s shame of failure, causing someone to lose face. It’s very uncivil and leads to much bad feelings.”
“Hideki I’m sorry. I really didn’t mean it. It was my brother you see…” but did not know how to explain the sibling rivalry that spanned many years. It was revealing, however, that Hideki’s philosophical mask had slipped, showing raw human emotions beneath. For the rest of the day Hideki went about in injured silence.
Two days later, a sudden wind blew through camp and knocked over Jordan’s water supply. Jordan didn’t bother to rebuild, thinking that 60 yards wasn’t such an inconvenient distance to go for water. However, the failure somehow restored the harmony of the camp.

After the meal one evening Jordan asked Hideki, “What would you be doing right now if it wasn’t for the war?”
Hideki thought long before answering. “Hard to say. Probably grow radishes and leeks. But Japan has been asleep a long time, blind to the rest of the world. However it is awake now and catching up, taking and copying the best it finds in the world. There are factories everywhere, where farmer’s fields used to be. There are opportunities there for a clever man. I have learned much about technical processes in pilot school that ought to be worth something in the future. So more than likely that’s where I will end up in the technical end once the war is over and… I have survived.” He frowned, his eyes turned inward. “I think the hardest will be adjusting to a new world, away from the grip of past centuries. Our traditions will have to adapt to the advances in mechanization, changing views and a world that’s changing faster still. I doubt if my grandfather could recognize the Japan of today. We own half of China, Manchuria, Korea and Philippines and at war with the United States. Don’t you feel silly for waking us up?”
Jordan had no answer to these considerations. Unused to thinking in such broad terms, his view was myopic, concerned only with the present. Perhaps his 19 years had something to do with that.
Hideki looked at Jordan. “What about you? What waits for you?”
“I suppose back to the farm, cattle and oats, fixing farm machinery when it breaks down. You don’t have much time left over when you’re running a farm.”
“Is no on waiting for you? A girlfriend perhaps?”
“No, and if I had one, she’d be long gone by now. American girls don’t want to wait, at least the few I know wouldn’t.”
“I have a wife waiting and a child I haven’t seen in 2 years.” That saddened Hideki and he stopped talking for the night.
The days were rather pleasant and in some way idyllic. Now that they weren’t hunting each other, the island lost all of its foreboding.
“You know, several times I heard wild pigs moving about quite close. Perhaps the two of us together could hunt them,” Jordan said around the evening fire.
“Yes, there are quite a lot of them. The natives seed these islands, and come every two/three years or so to harvest the population.”
“It seems very strange to me that this island is deserted. It’s fair sized and certainly could support a substantial population.”
“This island is on the Ring of Fire. The earth shakes and trembles at will and the seas rise against the land, flooding it. I think this must be one of those islands and the natives have a superstitious fear of it. They believe that some sort of angry deity lives here.”
“I guess that makes sense. Is it likely that an earthquake could come at any time?”
“Pretty much. No one knows when it’s going to happen. But if the earth shakes, run for high ground for the waves might come and wash you away.” Hideki was very solemn as he said this, raising his arms to emphasize the power of the seas.
“And how long does it last?”
“Hard to say. It depends on how far away the source is, and how hard the ground shakes. Perhaps minutes, maybe hours but it often returns for days. In Japan we are used to it, but even we get surprised.”
“In my country, we don’t often have such quakes but have tornadoes instead. The air spins and rips through houses and tears trees apart leaving destruction and scars behind. Sometimes nothing’s left. Where I live in particular is on the path of these beasts. We hide in cellars when they come and pass over. It reminds men of the fight between God and the Devil.”
“Evil spirits move the earth or air to plague men.” Hideki nodded his head in agreement, picking through a collection of berries after a supper of clams and tough starfish.
“One time my uncle was on his tractor, disking the freshly plowed ground. The engine roared, and his eyes were on the furrows, trying to stay in the groove. Over the noise he never heard the tornado coming until it was too late. The twister picked up the tractor with the disks attached and spun it high in the air. Two days later my folks found the tractor, but not my uncle. Never did. But that time we buried three bodies from God only knows where, and no relative ever came to claim them. There are still in our church cemetery under Smith 1, 2 and 3.”
“We don’t often have tornadoes but cyclones that cause widespread damage and misery. It is thought that the gods settled us on our island to make us tough through hardship. Can’t much trust gods or spirits, they toy with men and love to punish them.”
Through such exchanges they got to know each other somewhat better.

They made two spears each and embarked on a pig hunt. They had no trouble finding and tracking a herd as the animals moved about largely unconcerned: there were no predators to challenge them. Right away, Jordan wanted to rush in but Hideki held him back. “First we study their habits, learn their ways, then move in and kill them.” Jordan couldn’t help thinking that in their closeness, Hideki was studying him as well.
They soon found the herd. Led by a good-sized boar, it was soon aware of the humans’ presence. It didn’t seem to bother them as long as the men kept their distance. But if they got too close the pigs formed a dense mass as they faced the intruders and made mock charges toward them. Jordan guessed that one more step would trigger a general rush that could overwhelm the two of them.
“It would be good if we could isolate one,” Hideki mused as they considered their options.
“If we take out the boar, the rest would be easier to handle.”
“Not necessarily.” Hideki frowned. “The boar holds them together and maintains the social order of the herd. Without him the rest would likely scatter, making them harder to find. Perhaps we should try for one of the younger males. The meat would also be more tender.”
“True. I haven’t thought of that,” Jordan admitted, already salivating.
For a week they tailed the herd, finding out their favorite spots to dig for roots or munch on stalks, where they drank and where they liked to bed down for the night. They seemed to have a finite territory that didn’t cross into any area claimed by another group of pigs.
One morning after a breakfast of boiled grain, Hideki announced, “I think we are ready for a pig roast tonight. We should hunt the third male. The one with the cracked hoof.”
“Why him? And why not the second male? Or one of the sows?”
“The second male is the next in line for the leadership should anything happen to old Silversides and the herd needs his experience. A sow is still capable of birthing many more piglets to make up for the ones we take. If you kill a chicken you stop its harvest of eggs.” It made sense, something that Jordan already knew, but Hideki’s superior tone bothered him.
They set an ambush where the path between pastures went through a narrow defile. On one side was a line of rocks, on the other a water run between slippery, moss covered stones. According to their habits the herd liked to move through there sometime in the early afternoon. Jordan and Hideki set up on the downwind side. They each had two spears with fire-hardened tips.
“The wind is blowing just enough to take our smell away. On a windstill day, they would smell us and not come near us,” Hideki reasoned aloud. Again this bothered Jordan: he was no stranger to hunting deer around waterholes in Oklahoma. Of course, he did this with a Winchester, shooting from a safe distance.
As they hid in the bushes waiting, the herd arrived just when expected, led by Silversides. The boar hesitated, his eyes peering toward where the men were hidden, but then he gave a grunt and moved across. The rest followed in docile order. The young male target came near last as some sort of rearguard. When he pulled even with the men, both popped up and cast their spears, then followed with the second spear. Then the young male was on its side, nailed to the spot, as all spears had found their mark; it was hard to say which had caused the greater damage.
Silversides wheeled around, but perhaps made uncertain by the suddenness of the attack, he turned to lead the rest to safety up the slope. The two men didn’t relax until the sounds of their retreat faded.
Hideki and Jordan smiled at each other and clacked their spears together in a form of celebration. Everything had worked as foreseen. They tied the pig’s feet together and passing two spears through the bindings, hefted the load onto their shoulders. Jordan had cause to give thanks that it wasn’t the old boar they had bagged, which would easily be twice as heavy—the young one was heavy enough and he was grateful to lower the load by their campfire.
With his knife Jordan gutted the pig, scooping out the innards. He was about to throw the whole mess into the fire but Hideki intercepted him. Same with the sex organs.
“You know some primitive cultures consider the testicles of value. It confers sexual potency on whoever that eats them.”
“They can have them both. We have no women to practice sexual potency on,” Jordan said without thinking. For some reason Hideki found it hilarious and laughed himself weak, much to Jordan’s puzzlement.
Jordan worked on butchering the meat as expertly as a steer back home. Hideki nodded approvingly, learning from every motion.
“You do that well.”
“I’ve had lots of practice.” Back home they butchered two animals every year for their own use, one before winter and one in the spring.
“We eat mostly fish, chicken, ducks and on rare occasions pork.” Hideki looked with great satisfaction at the animal they had bagged.
Jordan shaved off the coarse hair and then they spitted the pig and positioned it over the fire between two posts.
Hideki admired Jordan’s knife, and Jordan couldn’t resist saying, “It’s made from a piece of your plane.” Hideki frowned briefly, turning the knife back and forth, but then appeared to dismiss it.
The meat soon started dripping fat. Using a stick, Hideki led it along the wood to collect on a broad leaf where it soon congealed. In no time he had six packets.
When the skin started changing color, Jordan turned it to expose the other side. The smell of roasting filled the air, mixing with the pleasant wood smoke, making Jordan’s mouth water. Hideki seemed no less affected but he waited patiently, in the meantime using a giant clam shell as a pot in which to cook roots and vegetables, by placing heated stones into the brew.
When the meat was done, they cut themselves generous pieces and ate heartily. In between, Jordan stifled the fire with fresh grass bathing the rest of the meat in smoke. “What we can’t eat we must smoke thoroughly to preserve it.” Hideki just nodded, preoccupied with chewing the rich, flavorful meat.
Jordan stuffed himself, then didn’t feel very good afterward. It had been a long time since he had eaten something as rich; his stomach wasn’t used to it. Making his apologies, he crawled off to bed where he tossed and turned with the discomfort in his guts.
Hideki stayed by the fire, controlling the flow of smoke that bathed the meat. Sea gulls and other birds of prey discovered the meat and stayed near, making a racket. A few bold ones risked coming closer but the smoke drove them off. Hideki took the innards down to the sea and washed them out. He came back with the intestine and the bladder which he hung up to dry.
Next morning Jordan felt heavy and ill-humored after a restless night. He forced himself to check the meat, and adjusted the fire, piling on more grass. Hideki was sleeping upright by the side, his head on his chest. He had guarded and cared for the meat all night.
With sunlight the birds returned expressing their interest in the smoked meat. A few gulls came quite close, but again the smoke drove them off. A buzzard arrived, but the gulls mobbed and drove it away. The noise of the birds woke Hideki, who yawned and went to relieve himself. Coming back he faced the sun, settled into a stance and did a series of odd movements that Jordan could make no sense of. Whether it was prayer or a form of meditation, he couldn’t decide. In the end the whole motion turned into a flurry of rather aggressive movements. Afterwards Hideki sat down, fully composed.

After the evening meal Hideki was working on a length of dried out bamboo. He cleaned out the middle and with Jordan’s knife, made holes along the length of it. He blew in one end and produced a wispy, feathery sound. Changing the fingering over the holes, he managed a sort of melody. He frowned, not liking the pitch. He cast the piece aside and started on a new length, being very careful and precise with figuring out where to make the holes. The pitches were better, but this too Hideki discarded.
With dogged patience Hideki worked the bamboo, getting better and better sounds. But he was still not satisfied.
“It’s a good thing that we have so much bamboo on the island,” Jordan thought as he watched Hideki working on the flute.
It took almost a week before Hideki achieved the sound he wanted. He played a strange and haunting melody, but apologized.
“I was never good at the music, though my ear is good to find the right pitch.”
Jordan could of course sing along with the church choir, but was not musical otherwise. Yet, he noted that the flute somehow sounded strange, not built to the scales he was used to. After a while he got educated to the sound and enjoyed the evening concerts as Hideki got better at them.
Every time though that Hideki achieved something new, Jordan felt compelled to somehow contribute too. He found a hollow log and used it as a drum to accompany Hideki’s musical renditions. In time a strange mixture grew out of it, neither Western nor Eastern, but something in-between, adding to their evening entertainment.
Sometime Hideki recited short poems in Japanese.
“What do they mean?” Jordan asked.
“They are haiku, made beautiful by their simplicity.”
“Yes but what do they say?”
But Hideki refused to translate, claiming only that they sounded perfect in Japanese, but somehow silly in English. Jordan tried to remember the few poems he had studied in school, but couldn’t recall anything exactly. “We have poets in America. Robert Frost for one. He penned hundreds of poems.” But he could only recall the name of one: The Road Not Taken.
To round out an evening, they tried to talk about books. Jordan had no idea about Japanese literature and to his surprise he found Hideki better read in English than he. Still it took them a while to find a common book they both had read, The Last of the Mohicans by James Fennimore Cooper.
“I loved that book. It gave me a sense of pioneer America, and the problems Indians and settlers had to cope with during the French-Indian wars,” Hideki enthused.
After that Jordan didn’t dare to admit that he thought the book too adventuresome to please his practical sense. “I read mostly manuals to fix this and that, you know, farm machinery. Then about crop rotation, animal husbandry and of course, the Farmer’s Almanac. It was more important to anticipate the weather. We got the daily paper delivered but I rarely read it. As a boy, I spent time leafing through the Sears and Roebuck catalog, dreaming of all the merchandise and goodies I would have liked to buy if we’d had the money.”
“Yes, money was short in my family too. But so with everybody around us and we didn’t miss it much. I was happy. Until the war. Then everything became deadly serious. A friend of my father, who had some influence, got me into pilot school, which turned out to be quite a challenge. There were 180 students in my class, and we studied, ate and slept, but so rarely laughed. We went on long hikes and exercised to make us fit, but didn’t play anymore.”
“In basic training I was constantly yelled at,” Jordan said. “I don’t know if I learned anything at all. To snap off a salute perhaps. The fact is, they had to cram so much down our throats in a short time that we… I could not absorb it. Luckily I already knew how to use a gun. For fun, we went drinking, but I never had more than two beers. I didn’t make any close friends either.”
“Me too. Have only childhood friends, but they went into the Army and I to the Air Force. I haven’t heard from them since. But then the military mail is slow to nonexistent.”
Jordan had to think of his parents, and his heart constricted with the probability of what they had been told about him by the War Office. At best that I’m missing, at the worst that I’m dead. He grew quiet and for two days the sad feelings stayed with him.
One afternoon, Hideki was trying to make a fish sauce in the giant shell he used to cook liquids. “It’s the basis of Japanese cooking and no person would think to cook anything without it.” Jordan just shrugged, meat and potatoes was his usual diet. Hideki was put out. “That’s because you Americans don’t know how to cook and take time and care to do it. Tasting, eating is one of the few pleasures allowed to men, but you Americans are only interested in shoveling food into your mouths.”
“Not true!”Jordan protested loudly. “If you had American apple pie, shoo-fly pie, cranberry sauce, you’d believe different.”
“I have seen it in the hotel I worked at. The Americans were only interested in whiskey, the English in beer and the French, wine and cheese.”
“What about the Germans?”
“The Germans asked for dumplings, and before you ask, the Russian craved borsht.” When Hideki served wild rice with sauce, Jordan had to admit that the taste, although strange and intriguing, did liven up the meal.

By now they were more naked than dressed and Hideki fingered his tatters with distaste. “I guess it is time to make grass skirts like the natives.” But he made no motion to get up.
They spent the day around the fire, content with watching the meat cure in the sun and smoke. In late afternoon Hideki disappeared, and returned hours later with a huge bundle of marsh grass bigger than himself. He threw the bundle down, and smiled pleasantly. “For the skirts.” He spent the rest of the evening ordering the stalks on the nearby rock ledge to dry.
Unfortunately during the night the wind came up and by morning the grass was all over the compound and beyond. Hideki muttered some malediction in Japanese, provoked out of his usual composure, then went about collecting the strands.
“One must seek a balance between what a man can do and what he can’t,” Jordan couldn’t resist muttering.
“What did you say?” Hideki asked with rare irritation: he wasn’t in the habit of showing emotions.
“I was just trying to find my inner harmony,” Jordan explained innocently, using phrases that Hideki liked to throw around. He was rewarded by gritting of teeth, but then Hideki quickly erased all signs of irritation from his face.
“You are right, balance and harmony are very important components of civilized life.”
They ate more pork, but less of it this time. Overnight Jordan took the watch, tending the fire and the smoke.
Next day the meat was dry and hard enough to store. They wrapped manageable pieces of meat into layers of dry grass. After digging pits, they buried the pieces in individual holes as Hideki marked each spot with a stick thrust into the sand.
That night over a supper of wild rice and lean fish, Hideki was solemn. “You know we have been on this island for five months now. We have no idea what goes on in the rest of the world. I should care but I don’t. Perhaps I’m alive today only because I’m here and not flying about getting shot at. I’m also glad you didn’t kill me. I have enjoyed the sunshine and our hunt together.” He bowed formally from the waist down.
Jordan tried to figure out what Hideki was saying: he always said more than what it sounded like on the surface. “You’re right, of course. We both could be dead. My parents would grieve for me as I’m sure yours would also. Back home people have more time to worry and less information about what we do and how we are. It’s better to be shot at than to worry about being shot at...”
“Yes. A person must find the center of an issue and align one’s conduct with it.” Jordan had no idea what Hideki was trying to say and his expression showed it. Hideki tried harder. “If in a well designed plane you let go of the controls it will maintain a correct flying attitude and fly on until the controls are adjusted differently. Not in a plane that is not so finely tuned. That plane will go into a death spiral and crash. Do you see?” Jordan just shook his head; they were using English words but talking a different language. “As was said by one of your wise men, ‘If the mountain won’t come to Muhammad, then Muhammad must go to the mountain.’ But we add to that, he doesn’t have to do it all in one day.” And Hideki bowed again.
Jordan puzzled that bit for a while. Did that mean he was being educated? “Is that what they teach you in flying school?”
Hideki’s face darkened. “Certainly they teach us to fly, but also the value of duty, responsibility and the need for sacrifice. The Divine Wind is coming and it will sweep away all corruption and deceit.” Jordan had no clue how to understand the statement and sought a way to back out of this go-nowhere discussion.
“If on the other side of the world someone jumps up, must someone on this side jump up also to balance it out?” Jordan asked; Hideki frowned, and his face closed down. “Muchina,” he muttered and fell silent.
Jordan spent some time reviewing the conversation. He understood that piloting was a skill requiring dedication and discipline, but why did it need to be wrapped in such an opaque philosophy? Was it not enough just to fly well and shoot well? As he concentrated his mind, he had a flash of pleasure. When he was alone his mind had been starving for bigger problems to solve and meaningful ideas to pursue. Now he had maybe more than he could handle. Were all Japanese like Hideki? Probably not.

Using wicker weave Hideki cordoned off a small area in the shadow of the cliffs. He covered the back wall of an alcove in a split of the rock face with Japanese script drawn with charcoal lumps. He built a small smudge fire onto the ledge beneath, and daily spent time there, in an attitude of reverence.
“What’s that?” Jordan asked.
Hideki was strangely reluctant to explain. “It’s a shrine.”
“To what?”
“Does it matter? It’s a place of ritual.”
“I get it. It’s where you worship your Emperor.” In the Navy Jordan had heard many things of how this whole war was started because of Shintoism, a warrior creed that held the Emperor to be divine and infallible, and everyone owed him unquestioning obedience.
“It’s not as simple as that. It’s a way of life. Trying to maintain a spiritual balance in all one does. Yes, it includes the Emperor, respect for one’s ancestors and superiors, the spirits and forces of nature.”
“And you believe all that?”
“It’s not necessary to believe... only to live like it. Hence the ritual.”
“But if it’s only a lip service—”
“No! It is more than that! It is many things. It is a comfort that connects us with our past, present and future. To purify oneself, bring things into harmony...”
“And I ask you again, do you believe all that?”
“I believe... I believe parts of it. Shinto doesn’t require a confession of faith like you Christians. We embrace many beliefs and make them part of our lives.”
“So then it’s a matter of adaptation... a convenience?”
“It is too complex to explain to outsiders. You, Christians, see only Jesus nailed to the tree and can’t see beyond it.”
“Of course we can! We see falsehood and wrong teachings and are called to condemn it.”
A flash of irritation crossed Hideki’s expression, but he held back. He composed himself. Jordan recognized aspects of Hideki “restoring harmony” and he wasn’t wrong. When Hideki next spoke his voice was calm. 
“You know, as we agreed not to talk of politics or war, let’s add religion to the list. Let’s respect each other’s silence. We have plenty of more pressing things to consider. How to survive and how to get off this island.”
“Agreed.”
From then on Hideki took time each day to visit the shrine and spend five, ten minutes in quiet observance. The pilot’s devotion made Jordan feel guilty, and he tried to take time to pray, but rarely got beyond a few verses that sounded so much more convincing in church back home than under the open skies of the Pacific. He realized he needed the setting of a congregation. Maybe that was why Hideki needed his shrine.

“What did you do for relaxation?” Hideki asked as he was making more fishing lines.
“I don’t recall much relaxing. There was always too much work to be done on the farm. Cattle to take care of, machinery to maintain, fences to fix, oats to plant and harvest, fields to plow, to drain... When I rightly think about it, my time in the Navy was more like a paid vacation.” He thought hard. “Sometimes I went hunting with my brother. The odd times when it got so hot in high summer that birds got sunstroke and fell out of the air, we went swimming in the river. Otherwise, Sunday was the only day we got some real rest. After chores we went to church in our Sunday best, and prayed and sang, and listened to a sermon. At the odd time we watched baseball or played horseshoes at the pits behind the church...”
“Horseshoes...?” Hideki asked, intrigued by the idea. Jordan explained the game. The next day Jordan measured out 40 feet and set up two pits at opposing ends with stakes in the sand. Instead of horseshoes, he used a circle weave of wicker and set them the task of pitching a “ringer” over the sticks to score points. It seemed like a pale imitation of a real game, but with a bit of practice it got quite competitive. Soon Hideki was winning as much as Jordan. They made notches on a tree trunk and after about three weeks the score stood 103 to 107.

Clouds moved in and the day remained overcast, with gusts of wind that rustled through the thatch of the shelters. They spent time tying the fronts down more securely. They sat together but didn’t talk. Hideki was making fish traps and Jordan watched as the other bent the cane to weave a basket with a narrow entrance. He had four before he laid them aside. He sat there unmoving and closed his eyes. For a while Jordan thought he had fallen asleep. But no, there was a slight rocking motion, hardly noticeable. He had to be praying or meditating. He took time every day, lasting about 20 minutes, to perform this ritual.
Suddenly rain came down, not like the daily drizzle they were used to, but heavy drops that splattered as they hit, rattling the dry palm fronds. “Sounds like 7.7 mm machine guns. I like the smell of cordite in the cockpit. What were you using?” Hideki asked.
“Sometimes 40 mm Bofors. Once or twice, the twin .50’s.”
“Yes, it gets exciting seeing the tracers coming up at you. It’s quite spectacular really. I turn sharply left or break to the right to avoid them.” As he said this, he leaned with his words. “I pull the trigger, feel the plane shudder, and see a stream of bullets leave the wing. Sometimes I worry that I will run into my own bullets. Silly isn’t it?”
Jordan nodded, not knowing what else to say. “Do you sometimes think of the people you kill?” he asked.
“Yes, but not much. In a plane you have the target in your sight such a short time that all you can think of or do is somehow concentrate your firepower. You don’t often have time to see the damage you have caused. Perhaps it’s better that way.” He looked at the clouds moving overhead, his face reflecting his inner thoughts. “The officers tell us that the war is necessary. But we know it’s a dirty business. We shoot and kill somebody, but the pain is felt halfway around the world, lasting many years. But what can one do when one has to defend one’s country and obey one’s betters?”
“I look at you and you’re almost my age, a little older. We both have our lives ahead of us. Yet a bullet can stop all that. I have no children, but hope to have some. Tell me about your family.”
“My wife and son?” Hideki smiled for the first time broadly. “My parents arranged the marriage so our bloodline wouldn’t be lost if I got killed in this war. You see it is my duty to die in the service of my country if I have to. But if I do, my son will carry on instead of me. My parents will have someone to help them when they grow old.” His voice was full of pride and Jordan envied him the assurance of immortality.
“I have a younger brother...” Jordan muttered.
“Good, then your parents also have someone to give them support.”

Jordan returned from his foray in the woods, for once not finding the tangy root he was looking for, something to spice up a meal. He found Hideki spinning a very fine string made of grass that he dipped in the gelatinous mix of pig cartilage to bind and strengthen it: it turned out to be light and strong. What surprised Jordan was that the string wasn’t for fishing as he had first assumed, but was connected to a triangular kite made of twigs and pig intestine.
“You’re building a child’s toy?”
“It is a child’s toy,” Hideki admitted. “And as a boy I learned much from flying it. I think it made me want to be a pilot even back then.”
“But now... Don’t you have something more grownup to work on?”
“You sound like my father,” Hideki said, still smiling. At the word father, he had bowed slightly to show respect. “I know you see a child’s toy, just a kite. It is built after a dragon kite I used to fly but without the colors. In my village on any Sunday half the children are on the hilltop flying their kites. Me too. We had many exciting competitions.” He wound the string around a stick and stood up. He did a short run, letting the kite soar up high and catch the wind. “I am a pilot now in the Imperial Air Force, but still like kites.” He made the kite draw circles in the sky. Jordan had to admit it looked like fun. Hideki turned serious. “We have built a signal fire on the headland, in case a ship passes by. If it is American then I am your prisoner, as agreed. But I thought this kite could be another good way to catch someone’s attention. Almost as good as waving a flag.”
Jordan had to admit that it was a brilliant idea. Up in the air, the kite moving swiftly from side to side was quite an eye catcher. Hideki gave him the string and Jordan practiced flying the kite too. It amazed him how much he enjoyed himself.

Some days later, while searching through a coconut grove they came upon a pair of turtles heading back to the sea. “Turtle soup,” Hideki said with obvious relish; he captured one.
Jordan picked up the other and felt the creature trying to walk out of his hands. When they got back to camp, they put the turtles on their backs and watched them struggle unsuccessfully to right themselves. Hideki was trying to figure out how to cook them.
Playfully Jordan turned his turtle over and watched how it instinctively headed for the water. It wasn’t fast but steady. The turtle and the hare, he thought. “I bet my turtle is faster than yours.” Jordan challenged. Hideki looked intrigued.
“You’re on. First turtle to reach the water wins.” They set the turtles at an imaginary start line, counting, “One, two, three!” They let them go. For such slow creatures, they moved with alacrity, making straight-line for the water. Hideki and Jordan cheered them on, having great fun. When they reached water the men scooped them out of the surf. Hideki’s turtle had won by half a step.
“OK, best out of three.” Jordan offered. The race was surprisingly exciting and they encouraged the creatures loudly. But Hideki won again. “All, right, best out of five.” And Hideki’s turtle again took it. It soon stood three to two. “See, a Japanese turtle will always beat an American.”
“But we build better cars,” Jordan countered. They returned to the fire, but Jordan had lost heart. “You know that these turtles might be older than us. It would be shame to interrupt their lives.”
To his surprise, Hideki agreed. “Turtles can live up to a hundred years. I’m not sure I’m up to eating something 80 years old.” By mutual consent they set the turtles down and let them go. Jordan watched the creatures scurry back to the sea. “I won, this time I won. And we’re even, three to three.”
The success of the event opened new possibilities, and they tried a number of times with frogs, but they were prone to go off in any direction. The same with crickets, but they had more success with lady bugs, scurrying up a branch for the highest point. But sometimes one would take flight, leading to instant disqualification. These were all fine diversions to break up a humdrum day.

While gathering wood some days later, Jordan found a deep fissure along the base of the cliff. It was a strangely straight and clean break and he thought maybe an earthquake had caused it. He cleaned it out and started dumping berries and fruit in it.
“What are you doing?” Hideki asked.
“Back in the 20’s, as my Uncle told me, we had Prohibition in my country. No alcohol was sold... not legally that is. People built places in the woods and made their own whiskey and sold it secretly. My aunt made fruit punch and turned it into wine. It wasn’t very strong but if you drank enough of it, it had a kick.”
“And that’s what you are making now? Berry wine?”
“To be honest, I’m not sure what I’m making. We have more berries than we can eat, so I’m trying to do something with them.” He covered the fissure with a thick mat of cane and grass. Daily he would add more pickings to it and tasted it.
It took two weeks for a taste of alcohol to show through. After a couple more days Hideki and Jordan went to sample it. As they uncovered one end of the fissure, they were greeted by a swarm of ants that were getting to the dark liquid below. Jordan swore.
“No, no. It’s good. It means that it has high sugar content which is turning into alcohol,” Hideki said. He tasted it and a smile took over his face. Jordan followed finding it sweet but with a definite alcoholic tinge.
Over the next days Hideki made some bamboo containers and started decanting the brew. They ended up with eight such bamboo “bottles.”
After work and supper, Hideki brought out one of these bottles and announced that they were going to have a party. He poured out the wine into cups made of tree bark, and raised his in a toast.
“We met as enemies, tested each other, and now I don’t know what we are. But here is to you and your generations.” He tipped the cup back and swallowed the contents in one gulp. He coughed as it went down. “Well it’s not sake.”
Jordan took his more slowly. “I’m not sure what it is, but I can tell you what it isn’t.”
“Then let it be what it is.” Hideki swallowed another cupful down.
At first Jordan didn’t feel any effects but by the sixth his tongue started making mistakes in slurring his words. Hideki became more boisterous and laughed more easily. He emptied the bottle and raised his cup again. “That’s the finest berry wine I ever had.” But his words had lost their usual clipped precision and somehow rounded themselves out.
Jordan was feeling good, even euphoric. He felt possessed of great wisdom and pronounced, “Let’s not spoil this fine occasion by words that show only our limitation and ignorance...” What he was saying sounded more like Hideki, talking his way around a topic instead of through it.
That night he had to rush into the bushes, under pressure from the trots. Not far off Hideki was sharing the experience. They both had headaches the next morning.
“It’s a good thing we didn’t open another bottle,” Jordan said.
“Let us not make a fine experience less than what it was. It was an honor to share a drink with you.”
“I think it was more like seven.”
After that evening Jordan started feeling differently about Hideki. Perhaps he had recognized a kindred spirit, regardless of the different cultures. He wondered, however, if this would have happened if Hideki had spoken no English. Definitely not. More likely one of them would be dead by now—a victim of mutual distrust. He also had to admit that Hideki was a deeper thinker than himself. The pilot seemed to worry about things that Jordan hadn’t even thought of. It was a bit humbling to find the inferior enemy, as had been promoted by propaganda, intellectually his superior.
“Did you go to college or university?” Jordan asked.
“No, only to how you say... grade 10.”
“And they teach you all that in grade 10?”
“How will you learn if you are not taught?” Hideki raised his eyebrows. “But it matters less what you are taught, much more how much you learn.”
“How’s that?”
“You can shout at a man, but if doesn’t want to hear, it is quite useless.” Why can’t he talk straight, in simple language?
“Yeah, yeah. It’s like pissing into the wind, you only get yourself wet.”
“Crudely put but accurate,” Hideki approved. Damned. Again he had the last word.

Most evenings were spent like that, in conversation around the campfire. They talked of everything and nothing, learning from each other. It was made interesting by the different undertone of their respective languages.
Hideki tried to put it into words. “The trouble with you Westerners is that there is too much ‘I’ in your conversation. I did this and I did that. What you don’t understand is that in Japanese there is little of oneself in anything one says. You say, I feel good, the Japanese say, it’s a fine day... or a fine occasion. You say... we must do this or that, and we say... something would be advisable to be done. Do you see the difference?” Jordan just looked perplexed. Hideki tried again, “We define states of being as external to us. A person doesn’t take individual credit for something, but makes an impersonal statement of it.”
“But you speak like one of us, Westerners,” Jordan voiced, still puzzled. 
“Yes, I learned when I worked in the International Hotel. I had to. But inside I often cringe how much you Westerners insert yourselves into any topic. A fact thus becomes someone’s personal property and if one disagrees with it, then it comes to conflict... and a possible loss of face.”
“So ... what are you saying? I should talk like you?”
“No. At least not really. Your mind isn’t educated that way. I tell you so if I wince at times when you are saying something, then you will know why.” Jordan stared at Hideki, was he telling all of the truth or was there something else behind it? Hideki’s face revealed no clue. At a loss, Jordan was at least made aware of another gap in their cultures. No wonder that they often talked past each other.

Weaving cane, Hideki made them each beds. Not to be outdone, Jordan trimmed some branches and fashioned a crude table. Hideki then made them chairs. Swimming in the deeper water inside the reef, Jordan came upon an empty giant clam, and he and Hideki tried to bring it to shore. They were still chest deep in the water, when a triangular fin of a reef shark angled toward them.
“Shit. Shark!” Jordan yelled a warning, trying to make a run for it.
“Stay calm,” Hideki said, seemingly unperturbed. They kept moving slowly and the shark made several passes but didn’t attack. They made it onto the beach with their awkward burden.
“That was close,” Jordan exhaled, letting go of his tension.
“Not close enough,” Hideki retorted. “We could be having shark fin soup tonight.”
“What’s so special about that?”
“I don’t know exactly. It is supposed to help with sexual potency, improve skin health and fight heart disease. Had it only once in Tokyo. My commanding officer treated us new pilots to a bowl of it. It is a much sought after delicacy and valued very highly, more by the Chinese than the Japanese.”
“And did it taste good?”
“Not especially. But its prestige greatly improves its taste.”
Jordan was beginning to realize that to Hideki, the form of things was as important, and maybe even more important, than the things themselves. He scratched his beard that had grown unmanageable again.
The seventh month anniversary came around, and bagging another pig they again celebrated. The feast was followed by berry wine, which had matured some more, with more of a kick. It seemed that, perhaps because of his smaller stature, Hideki was first to show it.
“I often think about Ayako... my wife. How she has to raise our son alone. Haruki. He is almost 4 now.” He seemed ready to cry. “I had a picture of them in my cockpit, but I lost it in the crash...”
“How did you survive?”
“I don’t know. I remember the plane hitting the water and breaking up. In the last minute I was thrown clear... lucky to hit the water feet first... I was fortunate that my flying suit protected me some.	The plane went down very fast and I had no chance to save my navigator. I think he was dead already. We were hit six, seven times by something.” He turned his eyes on Jordan, his eyes angry. “Maybe by you...” He lapsed into silence, taking a small sip.
“It could have been me. But you were on fire already, so it wasn’t just me...”
Hideki sloshed what remained of his wine onto the sand. “For Katsumi, my navigator. May he rest with his ancestors...” He poured himself another cup. “He wanted to be a pilot, to fly with the eagles was his dream, but his eyes weren’t good enough... We weren’t close exactly, but we shared the same dangers. Now he is dead and I am alive. Don’t know why.” He sounded sad.
Jordan hadn’t wanted to dredge up the war, but the wine loosened his inhibition. “I was new to the crew and it was my first combat sortie. The others of the crew were all veterans, yet they died and I alone survived... I’m glad of course, but why me?”
“It is not up to us, I guess.” Hideki was turning morose. “And what did we survive into?” He made a motion with his cup that took in the camp. “And do we know what waits up ahead in our future? Life is a measure of pleasure and pain, but mostly it is a routine of working and resting.”
“What will you do when the war is over?”
“I try never to think of it. It’s unlucky you see, to arouse the jealousy of some resentful spirit.”
Jordan couldn’t understand this strange mixture of intelligence coupled with superstition. He felt changed by these glimpses of a different life and thoughts Hideki presented. Was Hideki also learning from him? To what end? Were they still enemies? He fell asleep before he could figure out an answer.

Chapter 6
On the 237th morning, Jordan was sitting in front of his shelter carving a spoon from a piece of hard wood. One for himself and one for Hideki. He was almost finished and rather pleased with the results. Just a little smoothing out with coarse sand was left.
Earlier, Hideki had gone off to comb the beach for something useful. He was always looking for sharp bits of shell which he used to shave his face and head—unlike Jordan who tended to let his beard grow and then singed it back when it got too long. At the moment, he had a modest growth.
He scooped some sand into a piece of pig skin and rubbed the spoons. From time to time he glanced toward the beach, screened by a strand of trees. Suddenly Hideki came running, waving urgently. What could be the matter?? Jordan jumped to his feet and grabbed his spear.
Hideki was out of breath and for a moment couldn’t speak while Jordan was bursting with alarm. “What is it? What?”
“They are here...” Hideki pointed north.
“Who...?”
“A boat...” Hideki was bent over and still finding it hard to breathe.
“A boat! American or Japanese?”
Hideki straightened, giving Jordan a foreboding look. “I don’t know. It’s coming along the shore.”
“Christ Almighty! Why didn’t you wait and see who it is?”
“I hurried to warn you. For one of us this arrival is not good.” In a flash, Jordan recalled the deal they had made. The first nation to land will find the other captive.
“Well, we’d better go and see.” They hurried, alternately jogging and running to the headland that overlooked the shoreline. The last slope was particularly difficult and they arrived on top, out of breath. They threw themselves into the grass and peered north.
There was a boat, miles away yet, the details still indistinct.
“Can you see what it is?” Jordan asked tersely. “You’re a pilot, you must have good vision.”
“Not yet. It seems camouflaged.” His voice was tense too.
“I’ll make you a new deal,” Jordan hurried to say. “If it’s American, I’ll say nothing about you.”
Hideki’s face remained a mask, his eyes riveted on the northern approach. “Or would you prefer an American POW camp?”
“Prisoner of war?” Hideki said slowly, as if tasting the words. “A Japanese prison is not kind to captured soldiers.”
“We don’t mistreat prisoners,” Jordan hastened to add.
Suddenly further north more boats appeared. “A whole armada,” Jordan said, his chest constricting. He took it as a bad omen that the boats were coming from the north, from the direction of the Japanese.
The first boat disappeared behind the headland. “They are intending to land,” Hideki concluded. His face was smooth, the Buddha look, that Jordan recognized. They waited and waited, trying to calculate how long it would be before the boat would reappear. Then they saw the dark silhouette of the boat come into view. It was fully camouflaged.
“It’s Japanese,” Hideki almost whispered.
“How can you tell? I can’t see anything...”
“If it were American, it would come with flags flying. Do you see any flags?”
“No, no flags.” Hideki was right, even camouflaged an American boat would fly the Stars and Stripes. “Well then, I’m your prisoner,” Jordan said, finding it almost impossible to say the words.
The Buddha look turned on Jordan then back to the approaching boat. Further north there were six more following. “I think they mean to occupy the island,” Hideki finally said.
“What makes you think so?”
“The careful way they are looking the place over. And how close they are tracking to the shore.” Jordan had to agree, but he was still recovering from the sudden change of his fortunes. Damn, all he was doing was making spoons this morning and now what? He was a prisoner. “I think they’ll find the next beach the best place to land... if that is what they are intending,” Hideki said in a dispassionate voice.
“Hideki.” Again Jordan found it hard to speak. “You must get ready to wave them down. This could be just a look and see, and they could continue on. You don’t want to be stranded here forever.”
Hideki shook his head. “No. Duty calls.” He stood up and started down the slope with Jordan following. On the bottom, Hideki turned to face him. “My friend, you had best pack and disappear. I will not turn you in. Take what you need and hide. Maybe swim to another island. But hurry.”
Jordan rushed to his shelter and grabbed his stuff. His spear, two bamboo water containers, a wicker basket, and the small bundle in which he kept his fishing stuff. When he came out Hideki was waiting with bundles of pork he had dug up.
“Here take this.” He handled the packages over.
“What will you say about two shelters, two beds, chairs...?”
Hideki walked over to Jordan’s shelter and pulled it apart. He stomped on the bed, and broke the chair. “The last storm destroyed everything and I had to rebuild.”
By now they could hear the engine of the first boat quite distinctly.
“You better go now...” Jordan said. “To welcome them.”
“Yes.” Hideki, who had in all this time had avoided any personal contact, stuck out his hand. Jordan grabbed it, shaking it, not wanting to let go. “Good-bye my friend Jordan, the best of luck to you.” That was the first time as well that Hideki had used his given name.
“And to you, Hideki my enemy friend. Perhaps we could meet after the war.”
“If we both...” he tailed off and Jordan understood; a jealous spirit might be listening. It appeared that spirits had nothing else to do.
“Now go!” Hideki ordered, letting go of Jordan’s hand.
Jordan loped for the trees and disappeared from sight. He worked his way high and from hiding watched the camp and on the beach Hideki, wearing his ridiculous grass skirt, waving to the approaching vessel. The boat turned out to be a coastal barge that the Japanese used for transport, the exact kind the PT boats hunted.
Jordan could see the barge slow and swing toward shore. There were two heavy machine guns up front that were now trained on Hideki. The engine throttled back and Jordan could just make out the sound of shouting below. It was clear that an officer was peppering Hideki with questions. Hideki bowed a number of times. Then a whole squad dismounted and walked around camp poking into everything. Soon the other boats arrived and stopped and Hideki welcomed them.
North more boats appeared. “Hideki must be right. The Japanese are coming in force to occupy the island.” There were too many soldiers below and Jordan thought it was time for him to go, north to the other end of the island. He looked once more to find Hideki, but he had disappeared. Jordan frowned, somehow it was important to see his enemy-friend one more time, but he couldn’t spot him. He headed north.
He was crossing the cane field where Hideki had nearly burned him, when it occurred to him, of course, that Hideki would be given a fresh uniform and become one of the enemy once again. And should their paths cross, they would try to kill each other. That line of thought made him deeply unhappy.
The next days were very difficult, constantly on watch, constantly in hiding. This time it wasn’t one person but a whole battalion of Japanese to worry about. In four days Jordan ate the last of the pork and it was back to coconuts and raw fish. He also had to be careful not to leave any signs of himself. Any garbage he buried and he was careful to erase his footsteps. The hardest thing he had to give up was the fire, forcing him to eat everything raw again.
After about a week Jordan was able to relax because the Japanese didn’t seem to want the whole island, just the southern part. After one reconnaissance patrol, they left the north alone. Now and then a boat would go around the island, but no one came ashore. Jordan returned to his old cave and with his flint he was able to make fire inside it so his menu improved vastly. He could now risk hunting, and was successful in bagging two young piglets.
The nights were his biggest problem. He had reverted to being Robinson Crusoe again, but this time, shorn of his man Friday, Hideki. He felt lonely, particularly as his mind again fell into a kind of stupor. He reexamined all the discussions they had had, trying to gain something from them, but it only increased his loneliness. It got so bad that he even toyed with the idea of surrendering. But recalling Hideki’s words that expressed Japanese revulsion toward captured soldiers, he refrained.
About ten days into his isolation Jordan decided that it was time to see what the Japanese were really up to. With utmost caution and patience he moved south, keeping mostly to the high ground. Then he was back in familiar territory where he and Hideki had hunted and gathered edibles. It was only luck and the flash of bright steel that alerted him of a Japanese lookout on the highest hill that gave an all around view of the island and the surrounding sea. He worked his way around it, carefully keeping under cover. As much as he could, he stayed in its blind spot.
Eventually he found a good location that overlooked the Japanese compound, which consisted of eight prefabricated huts for sleeping, a kitchen, two storehouses and an open construction with roof, apparently for meals. Further in the bush there was a row of latrines and further still what looked to be a bathhouse. There were also two quick firing AA guns, and near the beach, at least two sandbag reinforced heavy machine gun sites. Nosed onto the beach were two transport barges and three smaller motor launches armed with a light machine gun each, and outfitted with large searchlights. Examining the place carefully, Jordan also noticed heavy gun positions on the crown of the overlooking headland, and somewhat lower, mortar emplacements. It was obvious the Japanese were intending to stay and defend the place.
Jordan watched the soldiers drilling and doing chores. It didn’t look like they were expecting trouble. The distance was about 300 yards and though he strained his eyes he didn’t see Hideki anywhere. After two days he had a fair idea of the routine. Assembly at dawn with headcount, breakfast, chores until lunch, then not much activity until supper which ended the day. There was guard rotation, but little else. At night, Jordan heard them singing and guessed that the morale was fairly high. He was disappointed not seeing Hideki, but was forced to assume the pilot was shipped out so he could rejoin his unit.
On the third day Jordan decided he had seen enough and started back up north. He was moving through dense bush when some noise forced him to go to the ground. From behind a screen of bushes he watched as four soldiers came into view. He stayed absolutely still, feeling exposed and couldn’t breathe as they walked within ten feet of him, not noticing anything. He stayed put until he was sure they were gone. On the way he skirted his former campsite, finding it deserted. The shelters were demolished and only the old fire pit marked the location. He hunkered down, deciding to wait until dusk to risk the next stretch that was in the view of the lookout up on top. He sat in midst of dense bushes, and alternated between dosing and watching.
Twice a group of soldiers crossed the campsite, but showed no interest in it. Jordan wondered what they were up to. Later another soldier came and looking very furtive, stopped and buried something in the sand under the palm tree. He was too far away to make out the details and it puzzled Jordan what and why the soldier took such trouble.
From the beach a motor sounded, as four soldiers climbed into one of the launches and started south to make a circuit of the island. An hour later a bugle blew for supper and the soldiers drifted off toward the kitchen to join the chow line. Jordan thought it was a good time to start his journey while the Japanese were preoccupied with their supper. He crossed by his former camp and took the trail leading him up into the hills. For no reason, before the forest swallowed him, he turned and went back to the palm tree, finding a stick stuck into the sand in a very familiar manner where the soldier had been digging. There was no mistaking the sign, Hideki! He was still on the island! Jordan dropped to his knees and dug with both hands. About a foot down there was a bundle wrapped in oil cloth which he pulled free of the sand. Unwrapping it, he found a packet of rice, some brown sugar, a packet of salt, another of pepper, a shirt, a box of waterproof matches, a lens from someone’s glasses, a machete and a straight razor. Hideki, thank you my friend! With his knife he scored a groove into the palm trunk. Quickly, as he felt very exposed, he rewrapped the package and headed into the deepening darkness. The rising moon made it easier to see as he worked his way back to his cave. Once safely inside, he unpacked the bundle and sorted through the treasures again. He sampled the sugar, realizing how much he had missed the taste. Thank you Hideki, thank you. He was filled gratitude: he was alone yet not entirely alone.
Over the next week, he revisited the spot twice and both times found something waiting for him. More rice, a clasp knife, a loincloth, an undershirt, a coil of fishing line and hooks, a small jar of jam, and even a bottle of what he took to be sake. The second time there was also a folded piece of paper with writing on it. He made his customary mark on the palm tree trunk to show that the package was received and retreated to his lair.
Once safe, he unfolded the paper and read the stiff script in English. “The Army is sending me to an airfield up north. Good luck, Jordan, perhaps we’ll meet again. Hideki.”
By firelight, he nicked himself and used his own blood to write a reply with a feather on the back of Hideki’s note. “Thank you. I will look for you in my future. Much luck to you too.”
Before dawn the next morning he hurried back to his former camp, buried his message in the usual place and stuck a stick into the sand to mark the spot. Quickly he withdrew up slope where he settled into his observation post.
Early afternoon a soldier wandered into Jordan’s view. He walked to the palm and paused over the spot. Hideki! Jordan saw him dig and find the tight roll of the message. He unrolled it and stared long at it. Than looking upslope as if he knew exactly where Jordan was, he made his customary bow, three times. Jordan took a stone and threw it in the midst of a nest of birds. With a great flutter of wings the birds took to the air. Seeing the flight, Hideki bowed again and Jordan threw another rock causing a fresh ruckus. Hideki bowed the last time then disappeared toward the main compound.
Later in the afternoon a barge pulled away to head north, no doubt taking Hideki.

Chapter 7
From then on Jordan truly felt alone. He moved his camp further north and deeper into the jungle. He fished, hunted birds and wild pigs and gathered whatever he could find. He was careful to use the fire only at dusk not to arouse anybody’s attention. The patrol boat regularly circled the island but Jordan could hear the noise of the engine approach, and had ample time to take cover.
The Japanese seemed content to stay at their end, and only once did Jordan see a squad of men with weapons come anywhere near him. He thought they too were after the wild pigs. He did hear some shots later.
In terms of food and drink he managed quite well. He had found a small spring that trickled clear water that he felt was safe enough to drink. The rice Hideki gave him was gone but wild rice was coming into season and he had no shortage of it. He still had some sugar left and he had a tiny bit of it every night before settling down, thinking of Hideki. It was peculiar, he didn’t think of home or his family, the progress of the war—he thought of Hideki, tasting the sugar on his tongue. It became a sort of nightly ritual for him.
His greatest trouble was that his mind was falling asleep on him again. It seemed that with every day he was becoming more like an animal, acting on well rehearsed instincts. The problems of the day were the same, the solutions were also the same, no need for deep thinking. In the sameness he lost track of time and the count of the days. It felt like years but he wasn’t sure. It was a strange state where he didn’t feel like himself. It was as if watching a stranger, yet from the inside.
In the north cliffs he found a cave with a very tight entrance that almost did not allow him in. He set up in there, feeling more secure so thoroughly out of sight, but at the same time vulnerable that he was so bottled up, with no other escape route. However the cave allowed a fire and he made frequent use of it. Somehow the flames became a symbol of his life, of his spirit struggling to reclaim himself. He danced around the fire, chanting some nonsense. The words were no longer important—who was to hear them?—but the rhythm of the dance was.
He also started painting on the fairly even back wall of the cave. At first only with charcoal bits and white ash from the fire, then with berry juice and a mix of ochre red he found in the wash of the creek. He drew PT boat 927 fighting a plane with the emblem of the rising sun. He couldn’t get the plane right and he scratched it out, starting over and over again. Hideki, Hideki, are you flying again?
He tried to compose a letter in his head for home but he didn’t feel connected. Oklahoma was far away in a previous life. His family was a distant, benign presence, but in his present circumstances they couldn’t help him. No one knew what he was going through, isolated and alone, living from hand to mouth, day after day the same. Only he and Hideki knew what that was like. It got so bad that he would sit moaning and hitting his forehead with his fist until it hurt. There was some relief in the pain.
He drew a picture of Hideki on the wall, and talked to it, carrying on a one-sided conversation. He stared long at the image but of course, the stone never answered. So Jordan redrew the image, thinking to capture Hideki’s spirit and hold him there. He got into the habit of bringing back something, a feather, a shell, a piece of interesting twisted driftwood and colorful rocks, making a shrine out of the niche.
Day after day he scavenged. Food was not really a problem since the climate was mostly mild with plenty of fruit to be found. It was the loneliness and the silence that were the problems. At times he thought he was losing his mind as it grew numb, filled with a great emptiness. He felt hollow, as if he were fading away, and was surprised to find his reflection in a pond that looked real enough but he didn’t feel it.
Finally it got so bad that he sneaked back to the Japanese camp just to hear human voices talking in an incomprehensible language. It seemed that camp had expanded with more huts and gun emplacements. He was surprised to run across barbed wire securing one side of the compound. What were the Japanese afraid of? He tried to get a sense of the war, but saw only humdrum routine interrupted by harsh commands of officers who tried to keep the troops at some boring task. They had the same problems, Jordan realized, buried in the middle of nowhere with nothing meaningful to do.
One night he was out, trolling in the dark, looking for some meaning in his life. The moon was up, half full, and as he walked along trails he felt he could do it blindfolded. For the moment he felt he owned the night. And as he crossed the hill above the Japanese camp, he considered them the trespassers. What rights did they have just to come and make so free with his island?
The compound was dark, with just one oil lamp burning in the commandant’s hut. Even the radio shack was black. He watched, enjoying the fact that he was watching and they didn’t even know it. There was a sense of power in that. He saw a shadow cross the main quadrangle heading for the latrines. By the machine gun nest he saw the tiniest glow of a cigarette where someone was smoking on watch (against all regulations, Japanese or American). Jordan knew the rotation would not come for another two hours and the sentry had to keep himself awake somehow. He found it vaguely interesting that before the war people didn’t smoke much, but tons did in the Navy. Cigarettes were dirt cheap, and often free.
Suddenly something pricked his awareness. He felt his hair rising but couldn’t account for it. With alarm he searched for a cause. He looked toward the sentry post but saw nothing in the dark. Still the feeling intensified. But what and where? Cautiously he started backing away. He didn’t know why, but felt it was time to leave.
Suddenly a roar displaced the quiet. A familiar sound, the growl of Packard engines at speed! The rattle of .50’s hammering away, bright tracers reaching for the barges on the beach. The front 20 joined in and the back 40 barked its dry cough. The bullets sawed through wooden barges, the trees, and churned up the sand. The gun flashes were suddenly joined by a second PT blazing away with everything it had. The dark was filled with their fireworks, crisscrossing streams of ammunition tracing fiery paths in the darkness.
A ragged bugle sounded below and soldiers boiled forth from the huts. A shore machine gun started rattling at the two PT’s making a turn at the end of their run and coming back for one more pass, the guns spraying out lethal streams of bullets.
Above it all Jordan leapt up screaming with joy, cheering on the attack. The PT’s were doing what they did best, a quick, sweeping surprise attack. Hit and run. The artillery on the headland opened up, and geysers of white water appeared to mark their impact. The PT’s flashed past, throwing up a white spray, the Packards roaring angrily. A hail of .50’s raked the shore, the compound and the jungle beyond, chewing through the trees. A burst came close and Jordan dropped down but couldn’t take his eyes off the fire fight going on.
By now all the machine guns on shore were answering, with a confusing array of tracers coming and going. The mortars popped and the water rose into fresh fountains. Something on shore exploded into a bright fireball and for an instant the night was transformed into day. One of the barracks was burning, and so was the gazebo in the middle.
The PT’s were still firing, but were on the end of their run. They disappeared into the darkness, the roar of their engines fading quickly. Some desultory shots followed them but the encounter was over. Jordan felt a flash of tremendous loss as his countrymen vanished back into the night as quickly as they had come, leaving him still marooned, still a castaway surrounded by his enemies. He wanted to shout, Wait! Please wait for me! But he knew they were gone.
Both barges were aflame and some of the launches were full of water, their sides holed. There were confused shouts, commands below. Belatedly a searchlight stabbed into the darkness, looking for the enemy that was gone. The radio shack came alive, the operator shouting into the apparatus. Someone was moaning loudly as a pair of soldiers brought an inert body into the center of the quadrangle. Soldiers were running around, not knowing what for.
At least one more of the huts was burning, casting eerie, dancing shadows to add to the confusion. An officer was barking out commands, trying to gain some control of the chaos. Unexpectedly some small caliber ammunition started popping off in the fire and people scattered once again.
Seeing it all, Jordan was elated and dejected at the same time. He had been this close to rescue had he only known it. But the opportunity was lost. He was forced to live on as a primitive cave man, all he had learned in church, in school and in the Navy quite useless to him in the present circumstances. 
In the morning seven bodies were laid out in the yard, and one of the huts was converted into a makeshift hospital, filled with fifteen or so wounded. It looked as if two huts were total losses and there were bullet holes in every building. The .50’s had done their job, chewing through walls. The water tower was empty, the sides also full of bullet holes. The front row of palms was down, just chewed up stumps.
Some order had returned to camp and soldiers were busy cleaning up. Two of the launches had survived with only minor damage that was quickly patched up. They started the engines and went south. Were they really trying to catch up with the PT’s? Ridiculous!
Food was served, but it was a ragged line around the kitchen. Afterwards the soldiers formed up, and everyone was counted. Then eight graves were dug into the sand to the west and eight bodies buried. A bugle blew something mournful, and the commander himself in full uniform and sword paid his respect to the fallen. Then it was back to work again.
Jordan wanted to leave, but the spectacle held him as if spellbound. It was gratifying to see the enemy lick its wounds.
Then the launches returned towing a PT boat, partially burned and sitting deep in the water. It was PT-908 from the sister squadron commanded by Lt. Matthew Hardwood. Jordan was aghast. What about the crew? Then he saw that all the guns had been stripped and realized that the other PT boat had taken crew and equipment off before setting fire to the boat.
The Japanese lined up on shore shouting, “Banzai! Banzai!” celebrating that the enemy had not gotten off scot-free. They dragged the trophy into the shallows so it wouldn’t sink any deeper. A group of officers climbed aboard, likely looking for intelligence.
“Good luck,” Jordan muttered. The crew had taken even the Stars and Stripes from the bull nose; they wouldn’t leave anything like maps and the ship log or papers behind to help the Japanese. The protocol called for destruction of the boat, but they had done a lousy, half-assed job of that.
With the abandonment of a PT boat, Jordan felt deflated. But what else could they do? With a double load of crew and equipment, how were they going to tow a sinking boat, and how far? Likely with enemy planes hunting for them? Jordan, however, felt encouraged that the Americans were within striking distance. He really should move south as he had first intended.
By evening things were back to halfway normal. The men stood with their mess kits in hand, waiting to be served supper. Afterwards they dispersed. It was noteworthy that the guards were more than doubled.
A group of men came close to Jordan’s observation post, laughing and jostling one another. It took Jordan some time to realize that they were looking at pinup pictures salvaged from the PT. He wanted to stand up and protest that it was US government property, a cultural treasure of his country. He suffered through their randy laughter.
The engagement woke up Jordan and his grip on reality returned, bringing home the fact that the world still turned and the war was still on. It filled him with the conviction that he must do something to improve his situation. Maybe island hop south as he first had intended. The bounty of this island had held him here with the promise of having enough to eat, but now it was time to take the risk. He reasoned that the Americans couldn’t be that far off, if they came shooting this far north.
For the first step he climbed the highest hill the Japanese weren’t occupying and studied meticulously what lay to the south. He could see a chain of islands, but also plenty of sea to get lost in. As he watched, a larger Japanese patrol boat headed south in mid channel but they didn’t seem much interested in the islands. It seemed to be an infrequent event and in a week he only saw the boat once.
As before, Jordan built himself a raft of wood lashed tightly together by braided grass rope. He also laid several crosspieces and took the time to bore holes and to peg the wood together. The machete Hideki had given him was an immense help as the raft grew into a sturdy platform which he hid among the cane in an inlet. He also made himself bamboo containers filled with water, packets of cooked roots, berries and grass seeds to munch on.
Last, he made two masts with spare sails, succeeding quite well since he had acquired more skills weaving palm fronds. Looking at the raft he felt more confident in the construction. He also made two paddles for steering under sail, or for rowing if he had to. He erected a small shelter that gave him some protection from the sun he was going to be exposed to.
In all, it took Jordan about two weeks to get ready. He went to check on the Japanese one last time, finding them much the same. The damage from the raid was mostly repaired and they seemed to have reverted to their former routines. There were several more machine gun nests on shore but little else. He returned to his cave for the last time.
He sat by the fire, taking a good look around, saying good bye. It had been his home for months, though he had lost count of the days. That was the trouble with this place, one day was like the next, all blending together. He looked at the paintings on the back wall, the boat, the plane and Hideki.
“Well friend, we part again. Perhaps we shall see each other, perhaps not. However it turns out, I’ll not forget you.” Hideki looked back in silence.
All next day Jordan prepared, loading the raft with water and provisions and making a long rope and a stone anchor. In the afternoon he dragged the boat through the cane nearer to the sea. Then he waited for night to fall. Clouds had been building all through the day and by evening covered most of the sky, hiding the half moon, giving Jordan more confidence that he would be unobserved. During a particularly long dark spell, he pushed off and launched his raft, stepping the mast and deploying the sail into the gentle wind. He moved not very fast, but fairly steadily. His biggest problem was that the wind blew him more toward land than away from it, but luckily the current helped by guiding him into the main channel. As the dark shape of the island slipped by, he calculated that by daybreak he would be well out of sight of it. Perhaps by midmorning he would reach one of the other islands to take shelter on. He intended to sail mostly at night, at least initially, to be sure to keep out of the way of the Japanese.
Dawn found him on the far side of the channel that wound between smaller and larger islands. He chose one and hid the raft in the shadow of some trees. He explored quickly, gathering more coconuts and palm fronds, reasoning that he might need more reserve sails. Then he found himself a place to nest within view of his raft. He fell asleep, exhausted by the tension of the crossing. He knew it was unlikely that he could have been seen in the dark, but on the water he had felt very exposed.
After nightfall he launched again and let the current and the wind push him south. For two nights he managed this island hopping, but daybreak after the third night found him in middle of an empty ocean. The nearest island was upwind and he had no way of returning to it against the airflow. He drifted south. Next day there was no land in sight at all and he started to worry. Perhaps he was adrift in the vast reaches of the Pacific and would slowly die of starvation or thirst once his provisions ran out. Or the raft could fall apart in a sudden squall. He had his old life jacket on, but it could not save him from starvation. The sun shone with merciless intensity, and he was glad that he had the shelter to protect him. He drifted for three days seeing no signs of land. Once he passed by some shoals, but there was nothing on the strip of sand to recommend it. He drifted by, losing a sail to a sudden gust. He raised a spare and tried to repair the damaged one.
Jordan had little control over his course, which seemed to be mainly southwest. The next day, he saw a line of green to the east, but too far off even to try for it. With a sinking heart he saw the line slowly slip below the horizon. Two more days passed with no change. He caught the odd fish and ate it raw, careful to pick out the spines. A bird landed on his raft, but flew off as soon as he moved. Water was becoming short so he rationed it. He nibbled on some food and had little else to do. Another day passed and then another. By now water was critical, only a little left on the bottom of the last bamboo container. Dying of thirst became a real possibility that filled his mind with more anxiety. Then the water was gone entirely and he had only a little food left. All the same the raft drifted on, and would keep drifting with his desiccated corpse on it, until a storm finally broke up the raft and swallowed it. He was thirsty and tired, his mouth parched, his lips cracked, and his skin felt sunburned even inside the shelter. He was listless and had no energy to do anything. What was there to do anyway? There was only the wide open sea and the gentle swell of the surface. A squall could take him any time, and he almost wished it would and end the suspense of his misery. He lost the sail again and, too exhausted to replace it, he drifted on, the raft now turning about itself at the mercy of the current.
The next morning Jordan awoke to the view of an atoll quite close. At first he couldn’t believe it, thinking it a mirage desperately conjured up by his mind. His eyes were so nearly glued shut that he had to force them open with his fingers. His mouth was dry as a sand pit. Grabbing up his paddles, he started to row for it in a desperate effort to reach the bit of green. There was nothing else in view. He had little strength and the current drove him on heedless of his efforts. Looking at the sea and realizing that the water was quite shallow, he made a decision: taking only his knife and a bamboo container, he slipped into the water and made for the shore. It was only chest deep but the bottom was so sharp with coral that he half swam and half walked toward the green. Behind him the raft drifted on and when he next turned to look, it was a quarter mile away. When he reached the sand berm, he crawled into the shadow of a palm. Somewhat revived by hope, he looked around, and saw an almost perfect circle of the atoll, a half a mile across. He crawled to the inner pool and tasted the water, finding it less briny but he only rinsed his mouth and spat it out, knowing of the horrible tales of men going mad with the saltiness. There were coconuts on the palms, but he had no strength to climb any tree. Stumbling along until he came across a palm tree that had been pushed over by a storm, Jordan was able to reach the coconuts without much effort. Two were ripe enough to pick. Then wading in the water, he found two stones to break the coconut enough to yield its whitish nectar. He broke the second and sucked it dry as well. Somewhat refreshed he smashed it and ate the meat, his gums feeling raw and bruised from his prolonged thirst.
He looked around at this circle of sand seemingly held together by a ring of palms only two, three deep. Looking seaward he could barely see his raft, pushed along by the tireless current. His eyes returned to scan the atoll, marveling at its perfect circular shape. How was that possible? He took a deep breath, for better or worse this was his last refuge. When the last coconut was gone and the last bit of moisture sucked from it, he would reach the end of his life.
Over the next days he worked his way along, harvesting the coconuts in a clockwise direction, savoring the irony that the atoll was a giant clock, tree by tree ticking off the rest of his life. He trapped some fish in the shallows for a change in diet and ate them raw, but his staple remained the coconut as the minutes of his life were ticking down. He calculated that it was 11 in the morning and by the time he reached midnight, he would have eaten himself out of existence, completing the full circle of the atoll. There was nowhere else to go, nowhere to find life sustaining liquid. When the coconuts were gone, he would risk drinking the water of the inner pool and go mad with the ingestion of salt.
The days again blended into each other as time seemed to have lost all meaning. He went from tree to tree, one by one eating the next coconut. In between he buried himself in the sand to keep out of the sun that even in the shadows of the palms, reflected off the water and the sand.
Maybe two weeks had passed on the edge of this strange, suspended existence. Taking stock, Jordan found himself at five o’clock in the afternoon, only seven hours left according to the giant clock. By now he moved by rote, not thinking, not hoping, having even given up the fear of his approaching demise. Mostly he slept, using the sand for his pillow and blanket. He woke periodically to the rustle of wind among the palm fronds. Occasionally there was a splash but he never caught the cause of it.
The freshness of dawn revived his senses and he calculated that he was at 9 o’clock, or at 21 hours military time. By now he felt no fear of the inevitable. He was naked, his life jacket and even his knife were gone. What did it matter where? He had only three hours left about the atoll clock; three hours that translated into four days if he slowed down the clock. He shimmied up a palm, collected the bounty, and broke open the coconut, taking that all important drink. He would eat the meat later on. It was strange that he no longer felt hungry.
Jordan roused his thoughts, returning to his childhood in Oklahoma, the field and the farms, the patches of trees and the bubbling creek winding beneath them. That water was pure enough to drink. Grandpa Walker had dug and lined the well and they still used it to water the animals. There was a wind-driven water pump that supplied the main house. Water seemed such an abundant commodity that they almost overlooked it. Except for the drought that ravaged the land during ‘29 and the ‘30’s. But that was then and this was now.
He wondered briefly what Hideki was doing, glancing up to the sky as if expecting the pilot to be flying overhead. All he saw were the cutouts of birds flying in the bright blue sky. With dry eyes he looked to the three hours left, the palm trees swaying ever so slightly. He thought about spurring himself to maybe catch some fish, to make himself a grass skirt, anything but lie about listlessly watching time slip away like sand in an hourglass. But what was the use? He was on death row waiting for his hour to come. Only the coconuts mattered, when they were gone that was it... the unavoidable end.
A bird landed nearby, but Jordan’s eyes focused with difficulty, having gotten used to the distance of the perfect circle the atoll drew about itself. The horizon was already too far away, the sea too bright. Yet there was something moving out there. Was it a whale? Or maybe a dolphin? He struggled to bring the shadow into view. It was too tall and triangular. He sat up, trying to make sense of it. Maybe another mirage. He seemed to see them more frequently now. He blinked but the shape didn’t disappear. He stood and he could have sworn he saw a sail boat of sorts, the native kind with lobster claw sails. It can’t be, he argued with himself, but the sail was still there.
He stood up still disbelieving, but then he started running down to the water facing out, yelling and waving his arms. It seemed to have no effect. The boat kept sailing on in the general direction his raft had drifted off many, many days ago.
Desperate now, Jordan ran back along the circle, his eyes searching the ground. Then beside a pile of coconut husks he found what he was looking for, his knife. Grabbing it, he ran back to face the sail boat. Using the blade, he flashed, 3 shorts, 3 longs and 3 shorts. Again and again. The sail swept on. Jordan waded into the water, as a last resort intending to swim for it. He wouldn’t make it, but he would have at least tried. 3 shorts, 3 longs, 3 shorts. SOS. SOS. SOS...
It seemed that nothing would stop the boat; with only three hours to go, he would miss his last chance. More frantic, he flashed, SOS, SOS, SOS... He waded into the water and started swimming, knowing he didn’t have the energy to make it. But anything was better than to wait out the last of the clock tick down.
Then, miracle of all miracles, the boat changed course toward him. He waved frantically, not believing his eyes. He was still yelling in a ragged voice when the boat loomed up in front of him. It was a native vessel maybe twenty feet long, with a patched up sail made of pieces rather than one large cloth. It neared and curious faces peered at him from beneath the crude shelter that covered half the boat. A man stood tall, jabbering at him something incomprehensible.
“I need help... help me please... give me water... water… please...”
The man reached down and grabbed him under his shoulders. With the help of a woman and a boy they pulled him aboard. There were two other young children in the shelter, staring with big eyes at him.
“Water... water... please...” He made drinking motions until the woman handed him a jug from which he greedily drank tepid water. It tasted heavenly, so different from the coconut milk.
“You ... Engliss?” The man asked patting his chest.
“No. American. American sailor. U.S.”
“Rican?” the man asked and Jordan nodded eagerly. Then he realized that he was naked and the woman was staring at him. He pulled up his legs to hide his privates. The man said something and the woman reached for a piece of cloth which she offered to him. The man motioned how to wrap it around his midriff. Jordan did, still painfully aware that his testicles were flopping about freely beneath the skirt.
Jordan looked about more carefully. He noted the sun-bleached gray of the planking, the frayed ropes, the patched up sail, and the fish drying atop the roof of the shelter. The children looked at him curiously, the older boy somehow making a joke about the stranger. They had Asian faces, halfway Chinese, halfway continental Indian with an even brown coloration, not very dark. “Sea Gypsies,” jumped into his mind, not remembering where he had heard of them. People living on the fringes of the Indian sea and the island reaches of the Pacific. Fishing, diving, living off the bounty of the sea.
The man went aft, raised the sail again and resumed the journey south. Jordan looked back to see the atoll slide back, the clock still paused at 21 hundred hours.
Now that he was safe, he started worrying again. What if these natives were taking him to the Japanese, to collect a head price? A bounty? Did it matter? Even Japanese prison had to be better than certain death by thirst and starvation. The boat moved on, and all Jordan could do was exchange looks with the man, his wife, the half-grown boy and the two infants. They talked among themselves excitedly, but he couldn’t understand anything they said.
The woman passed him a bowl of something, rice with bits of fish in it. It tasted strongly of a strange spice, but he wolfed it down aware mostly that it wasn’t coconut. The woman then gave him water to drink and this time he sipped it carefully, taking time to taste it. It was delicious.
It was near evening when an island appeared on the horizon and grew larger. The man took the east side and steered the boat to a sandy beach where four other boats like his were drawn up on shore. Men came and helped the new arrival drag the boat onto the beach. Then they stared at Jordan, and chattered among themselves. An old man came, who seemed to have some authority, and took a close look at the American. “Rican?” he asked and Jordan nodded, “Yes. American.”
After conferring among themselves, the chief said something and three men broke away, pushing one of the boats into the water and sailing off to the south. Were they getting the Japanese? Jordan didn’t care: he had come close to death and anything was better than that.
With gestures Jordan was invited ashore to join around the fire where he was given seasoned crab meat and a bowl of vegetables. Everyone watched him eat, making comments to each other. They asked him questions but he could only pick out “rican.” Yes he answered, “American.”
It was night, the moon already high in the sky when the three men returned with another boat trailing after them. They came ashore, and to Jordan’s surprise a girl approached him.
“You Ame…rican?”
For the hundredth time he answered, “Yes, American.”
“What you do here?” The girl’s face suggested at least some white ancestry.
“My boat was sunk by the Japanese.” She nodded, translating for the rest.
“Where you go now?”
“Back to the Americans... I hope.” She nodded.
“We take you.” Take where? To the Allies or the Japanese? But he didn’t ask, to avoid squashing his hopes.
“You sleep now, we talk morrow.” She indicated the beach at large, where other people were already sleeping. Jordan settled down, still not believing his luck to be rescued at the last minute. He wasn’t aware when he dropped off to sleep.
When he awoke the girl was near him, her almond shaped eyes watching him without any expression. “You go, make water now. We talk later.” She motioned toward the bushes, and he took her advice. Returning he sat down and she offered him water and a handful of nuts. Gratefully he drank the water and munched on the nuts.
“We go today.”
“Where are you taking me?”
“You see. Not long. Before moon in sky, we are there.”
Jordan looked at her. She wore a crude cross around her neck and a loose dress that hid the lines of her body.
“Who are you? Who are these people?”
“Sea people. Good people. Bayau, some Tanka, most Moken.”
“And you?”
“Me, Montagnard and French, from Laos.” That explained the white in her, her rounder eyes and face not as flat as those of the other natives. Her eyes were coal black, as was her hair.
“What are you doing with the Sea People?”
“They rescue me. From sea pirate. Take me from village. Now here. No go back.”
Jordan nodded; she had been tossed around as much as he had been. He finished eating, and drank again but still felt thirsty.
“We go now. The men wait you.” She led the way to a boat where three men were preparing to leave. She climbed in ahead of him and they pushed off. A few people waved and called loudly after them.
She sat cross-legged in front of him, lost in a private world. He watched her finely drawn profile and the perfect shape of her mouth. “I suppose she’s beautiful,” he thought, his eyes responding to her femininity. She was dressed in simple clothes, a long skirt and a tunic-like, long-sleeved shirt. A simple wrap of cloth seemed to bind everything together. From time to time she glanced at him and challenged his stare until he was forced to look away.
“What’s your name?” he asked. She regarded him levelly for a while before answering.
“Lai in Lao. Lila in French.”
“Can I call you Lila?”
“Why call? Not family.” He was confused; she seemed to forbid it. He turned away, his pride wounded, and did not look at her again. They were approaching another island group that seemed to grow right out of the sea into tall hills.
They crossed between two islands in shallow water in which Jordan could see the bottom clearly and the silver glint of fishes swimming by. The surface was choppier now as a storm was brewing on the horizon, the wind picking up. It was late, slipping into the shadows of the evening. Jordan wondered if they were going to make it before the disturbance struck. But the men seemed to know what they were doing.
“We go there.” Lila pointed toward an island with steep sides.
They were maybe a mile and a half from shore when something buzzed through the air and the men grew excited, turning the boat fully toward the shore, taking up paddles to hurry the boat. Jordan grabbed up a paddle and tried to match the others’ rhythm. Lila was paddling too, keeping pace.
The sound turned into a rumble as a plane passed overhead. It made two turns above them, then corkscrewed down lower, filling the air with its roar. Jordan saw the rising sun painted brightly on the wings and fuselage. They were still a quarter mile off shore when the plane climbed and Jordan recognized the pilot preparing for a firing glide. It flew head on, suddenly unleashing a rattle of bullets. The sea boiled about the boat but the bullets miraculously missed it. The plane flashed by overhead, the air shook with the sound of its engine. It climbed as it made its turn and came on again. One man up front dropped his paddle and dove into the water to escape the hail of bullets. The burst cut through the sail and splintered the mast but missed the rest. The remaining men were shouting and desperately pushed the boat along. They were near the shore when the plane made another pass. It was coming from the side, and already twin streams of bullets were churning up the water, splashing, coming nearer. The 7.7 millimeter bullets chewed through the silver gray wood and destroyed the shelter. Instantly the boat was filling with water, spilling them. The man immediately in front suddenly had no head, and the one in front of him was slipping into the water. Lila was bleeding from somewhere, and sinking. Jordan grabbed her and struggled free of the boat, towing her as he made for land. The pilot above made one more circuit, decided the target wasn’t worth wasting more precious ammo, and turned north, gaining height.
Jordan reached the shore with Lila still in his grasp, unconscious and barely breathing. The lone remaining man held out a hand to help Jordan ashore. On solid ground Jordan laid Lila on the grass and appraised her wounds. There were no bullet holes, but a wood splinter had pierced her just above the left hip. There was also an ugly bruise on her forehead. Jordan eased out the splinter, then taking off his wrap he bandaged her to stem the bleeding. He was only partially successful and the cloth soon showed red seeping through.
“Go now. She dead!” the other said impatiently.
“Screw you...” Jordan muttered. He gently lifted her and when the man turned away, he followed, bearing her over his shoulders. Soon he felt her blood running down his chest. “God Almighty, please don’t let her die.”
They took a path that went along the shore, then they branched off heading up a steep hill. After a short stretch Jordan was panting with the burden. The sky had darkened and Jordan judged the time to be near eleven. He switched Lila over to his other shoulder and tried to keep up, but on the steep slope, he was falling behind. At the next zag, the man waited for him, his face irritated.
“She dead. Dead! Dead!” And he slapped Lila’s back. If Jordan weren’t so tired he would have decked him. Instead he pushed past the man, following the zigzag path. Soon he was breathless as he stumbled along, the man muttering angrily at him. It was getting dark now and the path harder to see. To make things worse, the sky clouded over blocking the light of the moon. Rain started falling, making the path slippery. His guide was swearing at him loudly. Jordan ground his teeth, and put his anger into carrying her. But he was approaching his limit and his legs trembled at each step. When a cramp seized him up, he had to stop and put Lila down, to work out the knot in his muscles. He kneed the muscle desperately, hissing in pain. The guide leaned over him, pulling at him to go on. “Fuck you!” Jordan yelled, picking up Lila again. She was wet and he hoped it wasn’t more blood escaping her. Bent under the load, he stumbled on. Lila groaned and seemed to come to herself, whispering something foreign to him. He concentrated on keeping himself going, placing one foot in front of the other, following the path. The guide was out of sight ahead. But there was only one path which Jordan was able to follow even in the dim light. The storm had moved closer, and rain lashed down earnestly. Lighting hunted through the low-slung clouds, the thunder rolling, rolling closer. Water rushed by his feet, following the same path worn into the ground. He slipped and nearly dropped Lila, himself nearly falling off the steep side to a certain death. Gasping for air, he doggedly pushed on.
“Damn you! Damn you to hell!” He wasn’t sure whom he was cursing at. Not God, he needed God now. He cursed the wind, the rain, the path that didn’t want to end. Thankfully, just when he thought he couldn’t take another step, the slope leveled out and became easier. He stumbled on.
“There you are,” someone said just ahead; Jordan recognizing a heavy Aussie accent. An Aussie Coast Watcher! Keeping tabs on the Japanese. “I saw the plane buzzing about, shooting at something, so I came to help.” Jordan collapsed in relief, spilling Lila on the ground.
“Is she dead? The Moken says she’s dead.”
“No, the bastard only wishes she were,” Jordan spit out, grinding his teeth.
The Aussie bent over her, fumbling for her pulse. “She’s more dead than alive.” He picked her up and took a step into the darkness. “Well lads, you’d best follow me. We haven’t far to go.”
With a groan, Jordan forced himself up and followed along unsteadily. They left the path, turning into the trees whose branches raked at him in the darkness. Above him the wind rattled the foliage and rain pelted down in the continuous downpour.
“Watch yourself now,” the Aussie warned at a particularly slippery spot where the rainwater rushed downstream in a torrent. Jordan nearly lost his footing but with a free hand the Aussie steadied him.
“Thanks,” Jordan muttered, not knowing where he was in the darkness made worse by the trees. The Aussie kept a hand on him, steering him along. Then they were at a hut, and practically fell inside. With some difficulty the Moken closed the door against the pressure of the wind that rattled the hut.
The Aussie laid Lila on the single bed and turned up the oil lamp. Light spread through the small place highlighting the radio in one corner.
“Welcome to my secret hideout. It’s not much, I know, but on a day like this, it’s welcome indeed.” He pulled a chair over and settled heavily into it. He looked to be about 45, graying at the temples. “My name’s Archie and the Moken tells me you’re American.”
“Yes, off a US Navy PT-boat that was sunk by a Jap plane further up north.” It surprised him the mix of feelings that rose to the surface. He was still angry at Hideki for the sinking, but at the same time felt guilty at betraying him even by such a short admission.
“Well it seems to me you were sunk again.” Yes, that was true. “So what’s your name then?”
“Jordan. Jordan Joshua Pierce Walker, able seaman serving with the Mosquito Fleet.”
“Well Jordan, if you’re hungry, there’s some food, but if you’re tired pull up a piece of the floor and stretch out. I’m afraid I only have one blanket to give you. We seem to be full all of a sudden.”
Jordan settled down, his body feeling very heavy. “What about the girl?”
“Don’t worry, Lad. I’ll look after her.”
Jordan lowered his head to the floor and was instantly half-asleep. What a couple of days. First the clock ticking down at the atoll, then the Sea Gypsies, the Jap plane, and now here with an Aussie Coastal Watcher. His thoughts dissolved into an unregulated sequence of dreams, all in some way disturbing, sharing in the danger and tenseness, imported from the day’s troubles.
Jordan woke stiff from the hard packed floor, feeling damp from the rain that soaked in from the passing storm the night before. His thoughts jumped to Lila and he raised himself, finding her on the bed, staring at the window. Was she dead?
“Lila?” he asked softly. She twitched but didn’t seem to have the strength to turn toward him. They were alone. Both the Aussie and the Moken had gone off somewhere. He got up with some difficulty, every body part stiff and sore, favoring his right side. Either carrying her last night or jumping out of the sinking boat, he had pulled something. He limped over to the bed to look at her. She was pale and only moved her eyes, but there was understanding in them as she followed his every movement.
“How do you feel?” he asked, surprised by how hoarse he sounded. She just blinked but did not answer, though her lips moved silently. He lifted the blanket and saw that the Aussie had bandaged her. Her breasts were small, with brown berry nipples. She made no motion to cover herself, just her eyes were watching him. He tucked the blanket around her. He found a water can and took a drink. Finding a tin cup, he filled it, and drop by drop he fed the water to her. Her tongue came out and she licked her parched lips.
“Are you hungry?” She shook her head ever so slightly. Steps sounded outside and the Aussie came in. He hung his Enfield on the wall and his bandoleer, right beside an evil looking machete. His eyes flew about, checking on everything.
“How’s the patient?” The man’s voice boomed in the small room.
“You tell me.”
“She had a rough night, babbling on in a delirium, but straightened out some by the morning. Didn’t want to eat, just some water. I gave her a shot of whisky, and it perked her up a bit but she didn’t ask for another.” He sat down at the table and sawed into a hard loaf of bread. “I haven’t much to give you. There’s a bit of powdered milk you can mix and soak the biscuit to soften it.
Jordan got up and mixed the powder with water, stirring it until the lumps broke up.
“That’s right. Saves you washing the udder, milking the cow, then straining the dirt out of the milk. Dehydrated powder is the best invention. Keeps forever. That’s what it says on the label...” The man talked on, and Jordan recognized the loneliness showing through.
He got up, went to a steamer trunk and took out a pair of dungarees that he threw at Jordan.. “Better put them on. Your loincloth isn’t really hiding anything.” Jordan slipped into the pants, immediately feeling more sure of himself.
“Where’s the Moken?”
“He left. I gave him some tobacco, canned peaches, brown sugar and dried beans. Little enough for losing a brother.”
“That was his brother?” Jordan remembered only that someone’s head had been shot off. “There was another. He jumped into the sea and dove when the Jap plane opened up on us. I thought we were dead for sure. I think he died too.”
“If he dove under water, then he likely survived. The Moken are great divers and can hold their breath for up to five minutes.” Jordan found that hard to believe. “Seriously. They train from early youth on, and can go deeper than any men I’ve seen.”
“Where could the Moken go anyway? His boat was shot to pieces. How’s he going to get back to his people?”
“Don’t worry so much. He’ll flag down one of his kind and be out of here before you.” He pointed to the radio. “I called it in, gave your name and description. They’re going to pass it on to the Americans. There’s a PT base about 68 miles from here. I don’t know if they can spare a boat just to pick up one American, but who knows? My lot don’t come for another two months with my supplies. If the Americans don’t collect you maybe my people will.”
Jordan dipped the hardtack into the milk and gave Lila a bit. She took a tiny morsel, but had difficulty swallowing.
“She’s pretty beat up and that’s God’s truth. I thought she’d die for sure during the night, but she’s still here. If she survives, she’ll owe it to you.” He looked toward her, but his weathered face showed no emotions. “Looks to be a half caste; she’s got some white in her.”
“Laotian and French.”
“That would make sense. The French are drooling after a larger piece of Asia. I wonder what she is doing this far south.”
“She said something about pirates.”
“That explains it. With the great powers busy at war, the pirates use the opportunity to raid shipping and settlements along the coast. In this part of the world a life’s worth very little.”
Jordan gave Lila another morsel and waited patiently for her to swallow it. Archie put his head down on the table and promptly fell asleep. He snored lightly, the chair creaking under him when he shifted his weight.
Jordan kept feeding her, a bit at the time, admiring how hard she fought to stay alive. She must have lost pints of blood; no wonder she was so pale. He washed her face with a cloth and with light fingers brushed the hair out of her face. She just looked up but didn’t speak. He started to worry that maybe her voice box was crushed.
Archie came awake with a start. He pulled a turnip watch from a pocket and flipped it open. “Good Lord, look at the time. I have to be on the air in two minutes.” He vaulted across the room and flicked the radio on. The tubes came alive and static filled the room. “I don’t send, not today and not from here. But I have to listen for instructions and shit...” He put on a pair of headphones and fiddled with the tuning knob. Jordan listened but all he heard was some disjointed murmuring over the static. At one point Archie whistled.
“What?” Jordan asked. “What?” But Archie held up his hand to silence him. It was as if he was trying to crawl into his headphones. He whistled again. For well over five minutes he milked the squeaking radio, trying to make sense of the intermittent signal. Finally he snapped the radio off and leaned back. “There’s a big battle going on in the north. Right now. An American fleet is duking it out with the Japanese. Not the minnows, but the Grand Ships of the Line, the battleships and the cruisers.”
“What... what’s the score?”
“Don’t know yet. Just that it’s happening right now. Someplace in Leyte Gulf, in the Philippine Sea. If the Americans win, then the Japanese will have to pull out of here.”
“When will you know?”
“Don’t know. I’ll check in at 10 tonight. We might have more news by then.” He looked toward the bed. “How’s our gal?”
“Don’t know. She’s alive, but that’s about it. She hasn’t said a word.”
Archie went to his jacket, pulled two eggs from a pocket and reached them over to Jordan. “Beat these up with a little sugar and spoon feed it to her. She might not want it, but she has to, her body needs the energy.” Jordan did as he was told and sat by her, feeding her each spoonful. She ate so slowly and reluctantly that he had the impression that she only did so because it was easier than to put up a fight about it.
Archie pulled out a pipe, charged and lit it, sucking noisily on it. A harsh tobacco smell filled the small hut. Jordan frowned and said roughly, “Take it outside, she can’t breathe.”
“Sorry.” Archie rose and left the door open to air out the room.
When Jordan finished feeding Lila the eggs, she let out a sigh of what he took to be relief. He bent over her, peering into her eyes. She didn’t move, but her eyelids closed to block out his face so close to hers. He pulled the chair to the bed, and sat there staring at her. His fingers hunted through his beard, realizing how long it was.
Archie came back. “By and by, my name is Archie MacAllister. I figure in Queensland alone there are ten thousand with the same name. In matter of fact, if your name was MacAllister you got a one way ticket to the colonies. I don’t know what the English had against us, but it’s a proven fact.”
“Do you have a razor?” Jordan asked.
“A razor no. But I have this.” MacAllister pulled a 14 inch hunting blade from its sheath. The edge was razor sharp. Jordan hacked off his beard, then shaved his face. MacAllister approved. “You look years younger. Less like the wild man from Borneo. How old are you anyway?”
“Don’t know. Lost track of time. If it’s before September 22, then I’m still 19, if after then I’m 20.”
Archie whistled. “Son, it’s October 25, you’ve been 20 for over a month. Where have you buried yourself?”
“On a Japanese-held island, playing hide and seek with them.”
“I play that game, too. Often moving from island to island to keep the Japs guessing. I listen from here, but I go over to one of the other islands to send if I have something important. I don’t want the yellow bastards to pinpoint my location. They already know that I’m in this neighborhood, and twice sent a plane to hunt for me.” Archie’s “yellow bastards” didn’t sit well in Jordan’s ear. He thought of Hideki. Hideki wasn’t a yellow bastard or a four eyed monkey. But he said nothing.
At 10:00 p.m. Archie tuned into the broadcast. His face furrowed in concentration as he listened to his headphones. After ten minutes he clicked the radio off and reached into his pocket to fish out his pipe, but then jammed it back in.
“Well?” Jordan asked.
“It’s not clear yet. They’re still fighting. Both sides taking heavy losses. The USS Princeton is gone, two escort carriers, a couple destroyers and support ships also sunk. But the Japs lost two or three battleships as well as a number of heavy and light cruisers, and if it can be believed four or five aircraft carriers. On all fronts the Japanese are withdrawing.” Archie stood up and did an impromptu jig. “I don’t know why I’m celebrating, I like this war. It’s more interesting than tending sheep in the outback.” He sat down and taking a piece of paper, jotted down all he could remember. After he finished his calculations, he brandished the paper triumphantly. “We won 3 to 1 at least, if not better.”
“Any word on the PT’s?”
“Yes, they were assigned to pluck sailors and pilots out of the water.”
“Was there no torpedo attack?”
“Didn’t hear of one. But when one thinks about it, in an engagement that large there had to be some. Maybe from PT’s or maybe from destroyers.”
Archie went out for a pipeful and Jordan fed Lila more milk-soaked bread. She ate, albeit slowly, her large eyes on him. Afterwards he wiped her mouth off with the spare table cloth.
Archie came back and blew out the lamp then settled down in the far corner on the floor. Jordan slept at the foot of the bed. In the middle of the night he awoke to the bed shaking above him. He got up on his knees. “What is it?”
“Water,” Lila said weakly. He got the pitcher but she turned her head away. “Make water... have to...”
“What?” Make water? He got the pot off the stove and put it under the blanket. She just groaned not able to move. Finally he lifted the blanket holding the pot so she could pee. He was embarrassed and looked away, listening to the weak stream. After, he covered her up and went outside to empty the pot.
“She peed in it?” MacAllister frowned at the pot when Jordan told him next morning. “I guess that’s good.” He was still looking into the pot. “Wait until she wakes up to see if she needs it again, then we’ll boil the hell out of the pot so we can cook in it. I still have some potato flakes and a can of carrots. That damn supply ship better come soon.”
Later MacAllister looked her over and redid the bandages. Jordan washed her off with a damp towel, feeling very uneasy as he did so. Lila didn’t protest or try to protect herself from their eyes. The Coast Watcher got out a new blanket and covered her up.
“The wound seems all right. No sign of inflammation. But she lost a lot of blood. You must feed her. In the morning I’ll see if I can bring her back some more eggs.” He looked toward her, frowning. “The bump on her head worries me too. What you suppose caused it?”
Jordan thought back, and recalled the Jap plane swooping in, firing. “A burst of machine gun fire severed the top of the mast, it could have hit her.” He shrugged.
MacAllister sat by the radio, listening into the head phones. After about ten minutes, he clicked everything off and got up, muttering. “The battery’s getting low. If you have nothing to do, turn that crank to generate some electricity.”
Jordan nodded. “Any more news?”
“A lot of chatter. Having been mauled, the Japanese fleet’s withdrawing. There’s still a lot of confusion out there, but it seems clear that it was a great victory for the Americans.”
“Good. It’s about time we did some kicking...”
“I keep forgetting you were out of touch for a long time. There were great victories already at Midway and the Battle of the Coral Sea... when we sank the pride of the Japanese Navy. They lost many of their big Fleet carriers. So this isn’t the first time.” He quickly filled in the details. It was a lot for Jordan to digest.
“Then the war’s good as won,” Jordan concluded.
“Far from it, my Lad. The Japanese are dug in on many of the islands and it’ll cost us thousands to go in and dig them up. They’re ferocious fighters, I give them that, and refuse to surrender and often fight to the last man.”
Taking his rifle and ammunition, the binoculars and his machete, MacAllister got ready to leave. “I must go to lookout and see what’s happening in the strait. With their losses up north, I think they’ll be regrouping their position here. I have to see where they’re going. You take care of the girl and crank up some juice for my battery.” He gave a British issue Webley revolver to Jordan. “Watch it, it’s loaded. If you need to fire it you have to take the safety off first.” Then he left into the drizzle outside.
Jordan got to work on the hand-crank generator, turning it, watching the needle move from near empty to about ¾ full. Then, because Lila seemed restless, he moved to her bedside. The bruise on her head had subsided, but the discoloration remained. She was still pale, but a burst of red suffused her cheeks. Touching her forehead and finding it hot, he suspected an infection somewhere, no matter what MacAllister had said. He washed her face to cool her down. She moaned a little, but didn’t seem aware of anything. She refused to drink, but swallowed the little that Jordan fed her drop by drop. Helplessly he watched as she struggled with whatever was tormenting her. He tried to feed her some soaked bread but it brought on a fit of coughing when it went down the wrong way. He tried to calm her and in desperation sang a lullaby which, to his surprise, quieted her. Soon his voice gave out as he was not used to singing, not since his church choir days as a boy.
He cranked more life into the battery, then boiled up some oatmeal, which he tried to feed her. At first she refused, but did take watered-down spoonfuls after he pleaded with her.
When MacAllister returned in the fading light of the evening, Lila was burning up. “Not good, not good.” Archie shook his head. He boiled some tea adding a plant to it. “The natives say this is good for fighting sickness... I guess there’s no harm in trying it.” It took an hour for Jordan to get her to drink just a little of the brew. He tasted it himself, finding it tart and medicinal.
“Nothing happened all day. No Japs, no Americans, not even any Aussies. A bloke could think that the world has forgotten there’s a war on. But I got her some of these...” Carefully he unpacked six eggs. “If we can get her to eat these it will help her for sure.” Jordan beat up the eggs into a smooth gelatinous mix and drop by drop he fed it to Lila, while MacAllister listened to the radio.
“Anything?” Jordan queried when the Aussie was finished.
“Yeah. My aunt wishes me a happy birthday.”
“It’s your birthday?”
“Two weeks ago. There are more than 60 Coastal Watchers scattered throughout the islands, and there are a lot of messages going out to them. It’s hard to be alone. When it gets really bad, I talk with myself as I look into the mirror. You people are a nice change for me.” From a recess behind the cabinet, MacAllister fished out a bottle of scotch. He poured them each a drink, and raised it in salute. “Here’s to my birthday that was. I’m 49 now, think of that, a year short of half a century.” He tipped his glass back and swallowed it in one gulp. Jordan could see that the Aussie was tempted to take another but resisted it. He poured out a little and passed it onto Jordan. “Give this to her, it might rev her system up a little.” Jordan did, but it produced a new fit of coughing and he gave up.
Throughout the night Lila tossed and turned, and Jordan was often up, trying to ease her with a drink or cool her with a wet cloth. By morning the fever was down, but her breathing was so shallow that it caused him new worries.
MacAllister got up and cooked more oatmeal. He doled it out and they sat down at the table spooning up the hot mush. “Needs a bit more sugar, but I have to ration the little I have left. Still have a month to go before new supplies arrive,” he said apologetically.
“It’s fine. Good of you to take such care of us.”
“Enjoy the company. Besides I’ll get a bounty for you. For aiding a lost soul like you.”
“Really. How much?”
“That depends on who you are. For a trained pilot, maybe $500. If you were a senior officer, maybe a $1000.” He looked hopefully at Jordan who just shook his head. “Then maybe $100 or $150 for enlisted men.” He waved with the spoon. “Those are in Aussie dollars, not American. But good as money in the bank.”
“Have you rescued many?”
“No, you’re my first. But Johnston, in the next archipelago, got nearly $20,000 for saving 47 men from a destroyer that was sunk by a Jap torpedo plane. I get a little for every verified piece of information I pass along.”
“You make it sound like a career.”
“Not quite,” Archie laughed. “But it’s not without risks. As I said, the Japs have been here twice looking for me.” He left soon after, to see if he could fish for more sightings.
In the afternoon Lila seemed to come to her senses. “How long...me sick?”
“Four days,” Jordan said, much encouraged.
“Thank you... for caring for me.”
“You’re welcome.”
She fidgeted around and tried to get up. “Whoa, stay put. You’re still very weak...”
“I have to...”
“Oh.” He got her the pot they had just used to cook the oatmeal and handed it to her.
“In this?” she asked, visibly conflicted.
“We’ve got nothing else.” He then went outside to give Lila privacy to do her business. Outside it was bright and sunny, not a cloud in the sky. He couldn’t see much of the strait as the hut was well hidden in a fold of the heights. There were birds wheeling above and a light wind riffled through the trees. After a decent interval he went back inside. Embarrassed, she handed the pot to him. He dumped it outside, scoured it out with sand, then returning, he filled it with water and boiled it out on the stove.
“Your name?”
“Jordan. Jordan Walker U.S. Navy.”
“Jordan like the river in the bible?”
“Just like.”
MacAllister returned, cheered by the sight of Lila’s recovery. “Lass, we’ve been worried about you. Good to see you up and that’s no lie.” He hung up his gun and peered at the pot boiling on the stove. Half the water had evaporated. MacAllister turned the stove off. “Easy with that. I’m running low on fuel.”
A little later he boiled some roots he had dug up. Jordan mashed it into a paste to feed Lila. She was strong enough now, and after the first mouthful she took the spoon herself.
MacAllister was also glad to see his battery nearly full. He listened to the radio, clicking it off after a quarter hour. “Good news all around. Seems we have a great victory to celebrate. MacArthur has landed to reclaim the Philippines.”
“Did they say anything about the war in Europe?”
“Not much. Europe is far from here. There was mention of victory at Falaise Pocket and the liberation of Paris. Seems like the Axis are having trouble all over. They even mentioned you. For now they have nobody to send to pick you up and wish you a good holiday.”
“Who are they?”
“I don’t know. The powers that be, sitting comfortably in Port Moresby. But they did say you’re worth $220 if delivered safe. So don’t break a neck until the money’s in my bank account.”
It was still light when there was a rumble of rocks outside. MacAllister jumped up, grabbed his rifle off its hook, pulled the bolt back to load it, and in two steps was at the window. He looked ready to shoot as he peered outward. He lowered the gun, unloading it.
“It’s my mate, a New Guinea native who scouts for me. He probably has some information to sell, and will try to milk me for all I’m worth.”
Shortly a native entered and exchanged words with MacAllister. Jordan couldn’t follow the back and forth as it was carried on in pidgin English. Near the conclusion it got quite serious as they haggled. In the end MacAllister surrendered half his remaining stash of pipe tobacco, a knife and some buttons. The native left, happy with his haul.
“The Japanese are consolidating their forces. Letting go of some of the outposts and digging in elsewhere. Petr brought me some good intel and I’ll have to cross to another island to radio it in.”
“But if the Japanese are pulling out...”
“Nah, they remain quite strong here, watching us Aussies.” He spent the evening composing what he would say and then putting it all into code. He looked happy, rubbing his hands together. “That’s worth another $50, unless I miss my mark. It’s been a good month all around.”
During the night, Lila asked twice for the pot and fumbled beneath her blanket. Twice he went outside to empty it and rinsed it out. The second time he faced MacAllister with the gun in his hands. “For Christ’s sake, say something before you come in. I didn’t hear you go out but I nearly shot you coming in.”
Next morning, with a little help, Lila was able to sit up. She ate some oatmeal and seemed willing to talk.
“How do you feel?” Jordan asked, looking at the wound, ignoring the rest of what he saw.
“Better. My head hurts little, my side itches.”
“You had a concussion and your side is healing.”
MacAllister packed up the radio and got ready to leave. “I’ll be gone two, three days at most to radio my information in. You’re welcome to whatever’s left, I’m just sorry it’s so little. I’ve asked for more supplies and maybe they’ll do an airdrop. We’ve done that before.” He then left, leaving behind his revolver again for Jordan.
Jordan helped Lila out of bed and sat her by the window so she would have something to look at other than himself. Strangely, her eyes followed him around instead of looking outside. They talked, that is, he talked mostly, telling her about his family and growing up on a farm in Oklahoma. She listened; as always her eyes serious.
“How about you?” he finally asked.
“Me? I no like to talk me. You talk.”
“No. Do you have a family?”
She shook her head, but said nothing. But when he waited, she finally said, “Mother, father dead. Killed by pirates. Brother dead too, later. No do what told. Sister slave.”
“And you?” She hesitated again.
“I, sold. Slave. No like. Bad, bad to be slave,” she muttered. He wasn’t sure if she was having trouble with the language or it was difficult for her to speak about herself. Probably both. “But Sea People rescue me and I stay with Sea People.” She paused a long time. “Now I is Sea People.” Her eyes remained serious and Jordan had to wonder when she laughed last. Ever or never?
Lila puzzled him. She wasn’t like any girl he knew. Not like his sister, who rarely stopped talking and knew everything better. It was hard to have any opinion around her. Any other girls in his youth he got close to were few in number. There was Agnes, the younger sister of his best friend Troy, but she was strange in some way, and not always appropriate. She would sometimes talk out loud in the middle of a church service and be asked to leave. Troy said that she must be possessed because she talked about hearing voices. Jordan was always nice to her and that was why she glommed onto him until it became quite embarrassing. Still, she was more real to him than the other girls in his school, who were only interested in having nice clothes, worried about their hair and gossiped about each other. Jordan had to work hard before and after school taking care of the animals and was usually too tired to socialize much. At the few parties to which he was invited, he felt uneasy and didn’t know what to say, especially to the girls. He was more attracted to older women, who had grown quiet, and knew what work was.
Lila was like none of those. She was quiet, speaking only when asked a direct question. Her face didn’t show what was on the inside. It wouldn’t have mattered but now they were on their own, so close in a small place with nothing to do but watch each other.
“Where did you learn English?”
“Selling vegetables to foreigners. I do ironing of clothes. I listen and learn.” She watched his face intently, judging his reaction to what she had said. She wanted to talk only enough to satisfy him.
When he asked too many question, she tried to turn it back on him. “Talk about Rica.”
“America? What do you want to know?”
“In Ame... Rica, people are rich. Live in big houses. Drive cars.”
“True. Most people do. Not big houses, but big enough for a family. Have to work hard for money. Everything is expensive. In America people work hard.”
“Here too. Work hard, no job.”
“Work what job?”
“Anything. Wash clothes a little. Iron, sew, clean, always clean, carry and sell on street.”
Bit by bit, Jordan got a glimpse of her life. Lila’s family had moved around looking for a place to settle, hoping for steady jobs, doing whatever came their way. Little things, always on the edge of begging. Then the pirates attacked and many were killed including her parents. She was small and made to work in the kitchen, scrubbing cookware and cutting vegetables. Her brother was beaten to death because he refused to do as ordered. When she was older she and her sister were sold as slaves. Never saw her sister again. Lila was bought by a merchant with a boat, who sailed from port to port, buying and selling rice, sorghum and millet, the poor man’s grain. The merchant set her at a stall in a local market, and she had to sell, sell, sell. If she didn’t sell enough he would beat her. He was cruel and made her work very hard.
Then in a storm she was washed overboard, hanging onto a barrel. For two days and three nights she held on. The Sea People fished her out half dead and she had been with them ever since. Jordan had to piece the story together, sometimes from single words. She didn’t like talking about herself, but never refused a direct question.
Jordan felt very strange about Lila. Had he not seen her naked while changing bandages and washing her, he would have thought her a boy, someone sexless. She wasn’t much to look it. She had no breasts to speak of, no hips or any curves to her. Her face was smooth, without expression, frozen. Only her eyes had life in them. Yet her looks drew him in, and awakened a great desire to find her in the depth of her silence. It probably wouldn’t have happened anywhere else, but here they were locked into each others’ presence with few other distractions.
Other times he saw great beauty in her face, perfect symmetry and proportions. Graceful almond shaped eyes, and flawless complexion. Yet there was no expression in that face to give it meaning. But the eyes, most times shuttered, would suddenly sparkle with intelligence and burst with some emotions he couldn’t read or understand. He found himself drawn into them, often staring at her, not even realizing. Sometimes she had to turn away to break the contact. 
Jordan asked about God and her religion. “No God, no religion.” He pointed to the wooden cross she wore around her neck and she shrugged it off. “To ward off evil.” It took a while to piece that together. Lila was whatever the people around her were. When she was around Moslems, she did as they did. Likewise with the Christians and the Buddhists, the Taoists. She mimicked them but believed none of it. How could she believe in a just and compassionate god when her life was anything but? And how could she be one with the universe when her universe was so hard and ugly? The Sea People were spiritual, their beliefs borrowed from those around them too. They had no writing, so everything was taught from mouth to mouth, ear to ear. The shaman interpreted the more complex puzzles of their simple existence.
Jordan also found out more about this mysterious group. The Sea People lived on their boats, except for the stormy season when they sought shelter on shore. But soon as they could, they were sailing the seas from the Indian Ocean, down along the Indonesian chain into the South Pacific. People on land didn’t trust them and called them Sea Gypsies, people without status or standing on land. Wherever they went they were cheated and exploited. Their dried fish and loads of copra never brought in as much as did a local source. Supplies sold to them also cost more. Governments ignored them, for they had no nationality; pirates preyed on them and stole what little they had. The Sea People, the Moken, the Tanka and the Bajau, survived because they could subsist on very little, and most of what they needed the sea provided. Their beliefs entailed the spirit of the waters, the fish and weather, and had room for little else. Feeling the burdens of the past, the troubles of the present, they worried little about the future. In fact, if Jordan understood it right, to these people the present was both their future and their past. Very little changed for them.
As time passed, Jordan collected Lila’s sparse words and sifted them, trying to gain understanding. He did this because there was little else to do. But it wasn’t all one way. She asked questions about his life and Ame...Rica. She saw it as a fabulous place of wealth and opportunity. In her interest, he saw the first sign of curiosity hidden behind the mask. Yes, in America there was opportunity to better one’s future but one had to be smart, educated and a hard worker. He could see her thinking that she already knew how to work long and hard, but what about smart?
“What means this educated?”
“Knowing how to read, write and count... to talk with people.”
“I know how to talk.”
“You do so little of it,” he couldn’t resist saying. “You learn to talk in an interesting way, to know what people are thinking and hoping for. By knowing what they want to hear.”
“How to learn this?”
He had trouble explaining that. It needed knowledge of one’s place in the world and a sense of history and geography. And a lot of book learning. Lila frowned in concentration, her desire peeking from behind the mask. She thought long of what he had told her.
“Will you teach me to read?”
“Yes,” he said before thinking about it. He looked around the shack searching for something with words on it. He found a seven month old paper from Perth that had been used to wrap something in. He smoothed out the crumpled pages and showed it to her, but she couldn’t hold onto a line, her eyes skipping all over the page. She closed her eyes at the swarm of letters.
Jordan picked up a stick, and thinking back to his first grade reader, scratched “apple” on the packed floor. She watched him, and to his surprise, mouthed, “a-p-le.”
“You do know how to read!”
“Reading is not saying. Reading is understanding.” It took him a while to understand that she meant understanding of more complex things, the ideas behind the words. So he wrote sentences and she worked through them. He tried writing, “The house on the hill was well built.”
Lila wanted Jordan to explain the size of the house, the number of rooms and what each was used for. Why was it built on the hill? And what made one house well built, but not another? He soon had his hands full answering all her questions. It surprised him how hard it was to explain what was common knowledge to him. He found himself trying to define the consensual understanding of what he’d grown up with. She listened with undiminished concentration. He was beginning to see that it wasn’t going to be easy.
In the afternoon he had to escape from her hunger to know and “learn.” He walked up to the top of the ridge and looked out on the ocean on either side. He was hardly aware of the magnificent view because he was still so consumed by being a teacher, wondering how to explain even the simplest things that he took for granted. He had to force his mind on the task and look for a boat or signs of people anywhere. After about 20 minutes he gave up, having found nothing but sun, greenery, and the frozen look of the surf seen from so far up.
Walking along the hill path, he came across a colony of birds and was able to hit one out of the air with his throwing stick. He rushed in, grabbed up the wounded bird, and snapped its neck. Back in the hut, Lila plucked the bird and they boiled it into a fine soup, mixing in some roots and wild onions he had also collected.
After the meal, Lila got him teaching again, learning about the outside world a sentence at a time. She sometimes asked trivial questions that nonetheless got at the basic logic of whatever he wrote for her to read. He was drawn into her need to know, and it also grew into something that became important to him. But the intensity was draining him and finally he had to call a halt. “Tomorrow. Ask me about it tomorrow.”
Later as they sat watching the window turn from light to black, they stayed in the dark and soon lost sight of one another.
“Jordan, you have a friend? A girlfriend?” The question took him by surprise, the first really personal question she had asked.
“No, never had.” It was her turn to be surprised.
“You no sleep with a girl?”
Jordan blushed and had to look away to hide his embarrassment even in the dark. “No,” he muttered, very unsure of himself.
“And you no pay for woman?”
“Pay? Did you mean pray?”
“No, pay for pleasure?”
“No,” he said in a small voice, for some reason feeling ashamed.
“Uhmm,” she nodded and asked no more questions for a while.

After three days of being focused on this effort with only a few pauses, Lila was reading fluently and to his relief asked fewer questions. Her English had also improved tremendously.
MacAllister came back full of news. “In two days a plane will come and drop off supplies at the south end of the island where there’s a bit of level ground. I’ll be glad to have some more tobacco, some tinned food, honey and sugar...” He took the radio off his back and set it up in its usual place in the corner. “Spare parts too, I need new tubes and resistors.” He hung up his rifle. “And more ammo, soap and trading goods.”
“Who do you trade with?”
“With the natives. For information. Also I have to pay them more than what the Japanese are offering. Believe it or not, there’s a kind of bidding war and I have to stay on the winning side of it.” He looked around for something to eat and was glad to discover a pot of soup Lila had cooked from another bird Jordan had bagged. “This is quite tasty, what did you use to flavor it?”
“Some radishes, wild onions, endives, spinach and sorrel,” Jordan rattled off.
“You’re quite a gourmet.”
“Learned from the best,” Jordan added, thinking of Hideki, which led him to wonder where the pilot was, likely flying again, shooting at Ricans. In spite of all Lila had learned in three days, she still preferred to say “Ricans” for Americans and it slipped into Jordan’s vocabulary as well.
“They’re going to drop some clothes for us, even for her. It’ll be nice to get into something new. To wash the few rags I have, I have to strip naked and I can’t do that in mixed company, now can I?” He laughed heartily. “They still don’t have transport for you but are working on it.”
Archie had little interest in the war. “The Japanese have taken to crashing their planes into American ships in a suicide attempt to sink them. They’ve gotten several ships and even a carrier. They call it komkazi or something.” It was chilling news: the “Divine Wind” Hideki had talked about.
A little later, MacAllister talked with Lila, or more precisely, Lila was milking him for facts and information. Unreasonably, Jordan felt jealous. He found himself wanting to be her only source, as if he owned that right. He was surprised how strong this feeling was.
Later on, in the silence of the night, he puzzled at this. It wasn’t strictly speaking sexual, but had every other aspect of it. Over the last three days they had become “intimate.” He had looked into her eyes, deeper than in anyone else’s. He had asked her questions that he had never dared to ask a girl before and wasn’t so inhibited in talking about himself. He felt like he knew her even as she still remained a mystery. And somehow he felt he had the right to solve and uncover that mystery. MacAllister’s reappearance complicated this precarious balance, a sort of a wedge between Lila and himself, but he knew as a “guest” he had no right to resent it. It appeared he had lots of things to sort out.
Next morning while MacAllister was smoking his pipe, the older man looked at Jordan and said, “I leave you alone with her for three days and you didn’t do a darn thing, did you?”
“What things? What do you mean?”
“You know, get between her legs. Give and take pleasure?”
“No, I did not. I’m a good Christian…”
“For God’s sake, don’t you think Christians do it? Of course they do! Otherwise the Christians would have died out long ago. The bible is full of begat, almost on every page.”
“One is supposed to wait until one is married,” Jordan protested mildly, unsure of his ground.
“Where did you grow up boy? In some monastery?”
“No. In a God fearing land. We understand that as respecting and obeying His commandments.” Jordan returned hotly, to his owns surprise finding himself so religious.
Archie just shook his head in wonder, then tapped the pipe against the heel of his boots. “You Ricans are full of surprises.” And they went back inside to have breakfast. 
Over the next days, Lila gained more of her strength back, and took over some of the chores. She cooked, washed up the dishes and their clothes, as they sat around naked covering their privates until the clothes dried. She didn’t seem shy about herself or them. When Jordan asked about this, she explained, “When you live aboard a 20 foot boat, privacy has a different meaning. You keep things private in your head but can do little about your body. People see what they see.” Jordan was amazed how much her English had improved. He wondered how proficient she was in the other languages she knew. What had she said? Indian, Chinese and what else? Obviously she was intelligent and had a prodigious memory, not only to know the words and constructions but to keep the languages in their respective corners. And she was hungry to know more so he did his best to “feed” it. Her questions showed such intuitive understanding that he grew to respect what he recognized as her wisdom, which easily matched or outstripped his. However, far from being humbled or intimidated by it, it increased her mystery. What else was she capable of?
It also surprised him how graceful she was at whatever she did. She moved around light on her feet, and seemed almost to float along. She also brought a great economy of movement to her tasks, and a sense of purpose. Her body showed few curves, but was as subtle as a willow switch. Jordan found himself thinking about what MacAllister had said about giving and taking pleasure, and he was filled with longing.
Two days later, MacAllister and Jordan made the trek to the flat part of the island and collected the two packages parachute-dropped by a DC-3 that made two circuits, to ensure that the delivery was received. The drop was more than they had expected, forcing them to leapfrog the cargo a bit at a time. The stretch upslope was the hardest and taxed them to the limit of their endurance. But when they made it to the hut, they had the pleasure of unpacking cans of meat, jams, sugar, tea, coffee, tins of condensed milk, biscuits, canned fruit, flour, rice... in fact everything to make cooking a pleasure again. Jordan got two full US marine uniforms with crisp new socks and a fresh pair of boots that only pinched a little when he got his feet into them. After walking around barefoot, his feet had spread.
MacAllister was most pleased about two bottles of scotch, some gin, tins of pipe tobacco, and amounts of cigarette tobacco to trade. “We’re back in business. See if the Japs can match all this.” There were additional pots, pans, knives, machetes and printed cloth to add to the trade.
“What’s this?” Lila asked, pointing at a blue pot.
“That’s a chamber pot to use at night. We can’t keep using our cooking pot.”
Lila was overjoyed by the clothes she received, the soap and the skin oils, showing a rare burst of emotions. “See, it’s as I told you, the Ricans are rich to give away such nice things.” This time Jordan had no way of refuting her reasoning.
That night, to celebrate the bounty, they made a feast of the goodies and stuffed themselves.
“I guess we’d better not cook like that every night,” Jordan said. “We should ration it.”
“Not necessarily.” MacAllister poured a round of his precious scotch. “I think it’s time to move again. I’ve been here far too long. The Japs might’ve gotten wind of me. There’s an island 14 miles to the west that would be good. I might as well move when you’re here to help. So anything we eat now we don’t have to carry.”
“Any news of a pickup?”
“Nothing definite. But the supply ship comes in less than three weeks, you can certainly go back with that.”
That night Lila insisted that MacAllister take back his bed. Archie tried to fight her but not too hard. Lila ended up sharing the floor with Jordan and somehow in the middle of the night, snuggled up to him. It jolted him to discover her so close, awakening feelings that were already waiting just below the surface. He longed to embrace her and do what men do with women.
On rising MacAllister saw them, but said nothing until later in the morning when they were both outside getting some fresh water from the nearby stream. “You lucky dog, she’s a beautiful girl.”
“She is?” Jordan asked a little surprised. For him, her looks mattered less than the tender feeling he had for her.
It took them a full week to make the transfer to the new location. MacAllister had a small motor launch that ran back and forth with their stuff, including the wood and the paraphernalia of the dismantled hut. They were all exhausted by the move and earned a generous slug of scotch.
Lila got drunk on one drink, and like a cat started to rub up against Jordan, who didn’t know what to do with her or the feelings she aroused in him. MacAllister looked on amused.
“Go to it my boy. I’ll take a long evening walk to give you time.”
“Won’t be necessary. She’s drunk and I won’t take advantage of her,” Jordan declared self-righteously.
“My son, alcohol’s man’s best friend. Everyone knows that. Forget the nonsense about dogs. It’s a stiff drink that smoothes the path to ecstasy.”
“Rubbish.” Jordan resisted, but in his mind he imagined it and wanted to do it. He didn’t fall asleep until near dawn.
Next morning MacAllister just shook his head. “You Yanks are a funny lot.” Jordan also shook his head, and wondered how to explain that he grew up in the Bible Belt where there were certain things one did and didn’t do. This moral stance was in spite of knowing that plenty in his congregation strayed off the straight and narrow.
Lila was back to her quiet, reserved self, if possible more prim than ever. She gave no indication if she approved or disapproved. Jordan had to wonder how it was handled on a 20 foot boat. All he knew was that he was dissatisfied and fumed, “You know I don’t understand this at all. Were I near a front or anywhere in service, staying away this long would be punishable by a court marshal at the very least. But here they let me have this extended holiday... that’s what makes no sense to me.”
“They can’t spare a boat just for you,” MacAllister said through a thick cloud of pipe smoke.
MacAllister left the next day to report the success of the transfer to his Command HQ. He stayed away for three days, and Jordan suspected it was to give him another chance with Lila. He didn’t take it, rather continued to teach her reading and writing. By now he was as zealous about it as she.
On MacAllister’s return it took just one look to see that nothing had happened. He shook his head and went around muttering again about crazy Yanks.
Two days later a Japanese ship appeared and with machine guns raked the island that MacAllister had used for transit.
“Pretty small for a destroyer,” Jordan observed.
“Not a destroyer, a converted cutter. But it’s obvious they have a bead on my radio activities.” They watched as the cutter fired a series of salvoes.
“What are they firing it?” Jordan asked.
“Nothing. It’s only psychological warfare, announcing we know where you are and you’re not safe anywhere. The hell of it is that I have to go again and report this.”
The cutter circled the island two more times, firing machine guns and cannons randomly. At the conclusion, it seemed satisfied and rushed off north.
“Seems like he’s heading for Black Water Bay.” MacAllister was adding another fact to the report he was going to send. He left early the next morning for an island farther away, to maybe have the Japanese chase after him there.
Jordan continued with his teaching. Lila was making good progress both with reading and writing. Her improvement astonished him and he felt proud of her. The problem was there was nothing to read. The newspaper had disappeared, put to very necessary use in the outhouse. Lila had outgrown Jordan’s scratching in the dirt. It greatly helped that when MacAllister came back, he gave Jordan his small bible.
“I don’t know if I believe all of it, but the Psalms are nice and the Proverbs give good advice. You ought to read Jeremiah; there was a real prophet for you.” MacAllister tapped the book with his forefinger. “I would’ve preferred the complete works of Shakespeare, but it’s too heavy to lug around.”
Jordan passed Lila the bible and had her track with her finger to mark her place, while he followed over her shoulder. She did surprisingly well but had trouble with the message. She interrupted herself often, wanting to know the meaning behind the words. Jordan, who knew the words, having heard them so often in church, couldn’t always answer her as he took them at face value, never having questioned them. Strangely she understood the angry, vengeful Jewish God; it was the compassionate Christian God she had trouble with.
“Why did God kill my parents and my brother?”
“God didn’t do that, the Devil did!”
“Well then, why did God let the Devil do it?” He wasn’t sure of the answer and he couldn’t convince her.
To get away from the problem he tried arithmetic, but she could do it faster than him, having had so much practice selling things. What she was really interested in was America.
“Tell me about Ame…Rica.”
“What do you want to know?”
“Everything.”
He started enumerating the States, coming up short. Frustrated he tried again, counting on his fingers, still short. He tried yet again missing even more.
“You missed Missouri, Delaware and Nebraska,” she told him.
“How do you know?” he asked astonished.
“The first time you said Missouri and Delaware but not Nebraska. The next time you named Nebraska, but forgot New Mexico. But I remembered.” Jordan felt chagrined. He did worse with capitols, recalling less than half. Same with rivers and towns. It was humiliating.
“What does it matter? We’re here not there.”
“It matters because some day I want to go and live in Ame…rica.”
“I know you think America is a great and shiny place but it has many problems. Sure we have rich people, but we have many who are poor, not earning enough to feed their children. There are nice houses, but for every mansion there are thousands of rundown shacks and tenements. For every good job there are hundreds of dirty, low-paying jobs, not enough to live on.”
“But America is a place of opportunity.”
“True. But if you do well, people will try to strip your success and steal it from you. America is competition, capitalism and exploitation. I love my country but I’m not blind to its faults and shortcomings.”
“America has the best education in the world.”
“Sure, book learning. But it takes more than books to be wise.”
Regardless of what he said, she remained stubborn. “Knowledge is the root of success.”
Jordan tried to figure this out. She had to be stubborn to have survived, to have kept the hope of something better. He should not kick out her crutches until she had other supports. He tried not to argue with her anymore about things she held to be so important. It was, however, often frustrating to keep silent.
Out of her earshot, he complained to MacAllister, “She thinks that in America everyone’s a millionaire.”
“She doesn’t really. If you listen to her, it’s more because in America women can get an education, they can vote and work in business and government. Because they’re more than slaves to the needs of the family. You know, not chained to the stove.” That was a new thought for Jordan, he hadn’t noticed.
“How’s she going to get there anyway?”
“Well, maybe as a maid. I read in the Brisbane papers how the wealthy in Boston and New York are importing Filipino women to be servants. Or—” He bit off the rest.
“Or what?!”
“Marry an American. That’s another way.”
“For God’s sake, way out here? Who could she marry?”
“You,” MacAllister said quietly.
“Me???” That also hadn’t occurred to him. The conversation ended there, as if it had run into a brick wall, but it loosened an avalanche of new thoughts. He had grown very fond of Lila, and he thought she was returning his feelings. But if what MacAllister was saying was true, then she was using him as she had been using him already, to learn better English, to read and write, and learn everything about America. And the quiet ways he saw in her suddenly became cold and calculating, and the flashes of feelings he had felt from her now seemed manipulative. This was a sobering realization.
On returning to the hut, he pretended to be tired and settled into his corner of the floor. When later she snuggled up to him, he turned his back on her. He was suffering in silence the hurt he had no cause to feel, yet felt with an intensity that overwhelmed him. That was a shock too. They had spent the time so locked into each other, to the exclusion of all else, that he had not realized how close they had become—at least from his side. To find that she was or could be using him was a nasty shock. In this hindsight he had to rewrite all the good feelings into something else, yes, a betrayal—like a perfect apple turning to rot.
He did ask himself if this new theory was all wrong, that her feelings toward him were genuine, that she wasn’t using and manipulating him. But MacAllister’s argument stuck like a fish bone in his throat that he was unable to swallow. The facts as he now saw them struggled with the wishes he hadn’t realized were so strong.
Lila noticed right away the change in him and asked what was wrong.
“Nothing. My stomach that’s all. Something that I ate didn’t agree with me.” He blamed that for two days, but couldn’t use it forever.
When they resumed her studies, he gave her no more than what she asked and volunteered nothing else. She watched him with a troubled look, finding him closed off.
For three more days the distance between them persisted, his frozen feelings thawing only slowly. Out of habit, if nothing else, they fell back into the former rhythm but the mood was without his undercurrent of desire that had been so delicious before, partly because he had been unaware of it.
MacAllister got tired of the tension in the small hut, gave them a net and told them to go fishing in the sea. They climbed down the long incline and waded chest deep into the surf, stretching out the net between them. They made three sweeps but surprisingly caught nothing but seaweed. On the fourth try, they had just deployed the net when the drone of an engine caught Jordan’s ears. Looking toward the sound, he discovered a motor launch speeding along the shore in their direction, heading north.
“American?” Lila wanted to know.
“Don’t know. We’d best get out of here.” Still clutching the net, they struggled toward the shore, the water resisting their hurried movements. The boat was gaining on them, getting closer but they were still calf deep in the water, the net holding them back with a load of fish. The launch opened fire with its machine gun, churning up the water around them. Desperately they ran on, the bullets whipping past them. Jordan already felt a bullet boring into his back and ran on, driven by his fear. They were halfway up the beach when Lila fell, but scrambled to her feet and kept running. The bullets whistled by them. In spite of the storm of death, they made the trees and disappeared under them. The machine gun still rattled, probing for them. But the bullets whistled overhead, sawing through the greenery. They lay low behind some rocks, the leaves raining down on them.
Then the gun stopped briefly, only to start up again with brief bursts firing away blindly. Jordan sucked in his breath, wondering how bored the crew had to be to waste so much ammo on unarmed fisher folk. After twenty minutes, the launch moved off, sending a parting spray into the jungle.
“I thought we were dead,” Lila said, her breathing still short and quick.
“Me too,” he admitted. They waited until the sound of the engine passed out of earshot then returned to the beach to retrieve the net, finding three fish still in it. The dread was slow to flush out of Jordan as they started up the slope.
Halfway up, they met MacAllister coming down, rifle slung over his back. “What was all that shooting about?”
“The Japs caught us out in the open and we had to run for it. They were having good sport shooting at us, but as you can see they missed. Here’s your fish.” Jordan handed the three skipjacks to MacAllister.
“I feared I’d find you both on the beach riddled with bullet holes.”
“Very nearly were,” Jordan said, a sense of euphoria rising in him as it finally penetrated that they had survived a close brush with death yet again. A cat with nine lives, passed through his thoughts, followed by the thought, how many have I used up?
That night when Lila came to lie down beside him, he didn’t turn his back on her.
Next day, MacAllister went off to check in with his Command at Port Moresby. Lila and Jordan got back to reading the bible. She was having difficulty with a word and Jordan struggled to define it for her. That was often the trouble; you thought you knew it until you had to explain it.
Jordan looked at her face that was waiting, expecting an explanation, her eyes deep and serious. He got stuck staring at her as if mesmerized, and heard himself say, “Yes, I will marry you.” They were both shocked by this bolt from the blue.
“What did you say??!” Her eyes flickered with astonishment.
“I said I will marry you,” Jordan replied, no longer sure if that was what he really had said. They stared at each other as if their reality had been turned upside down.
“Well, I won’t marry you.” Lila’s face was suddenly out of reach.
“Why not?” he asked, stung by her rejection. “You want to go to America; marrying an American will get you there.”
“True, but what would your mother see when she looks at me?”
“A beautiful young woman... smart besides.” She blushed with the compliment but her face remained distant.
“There you’re wrong. She would see a brazen native hussy who snared her oldest son.”
“But you’re half white.”
“For whites, half white is full native.” He didn’t know how to argue that, because she was at least partly right. His mother was a good Christian woman, yet shunned the Indians in her town. She had a strong aversion to mixed blood, and likely wouldn’t take kindly to her son marrying one.
Then Lila acted as if nothing had happened, as if no words had been exchanged, and wanted to proceed. She turned the page and read aloud. He listened dumbly, not correcting her. Somehow they got through the day without stumbling over the topic again.
In the morning, Jordan went hunting for birds. That was what he gave for an excuse, but really he wanted to be by himself to figure this out. The night was spent arguing with himself but in the dark, things had taken on a very black aspect. He came away convinced that she didn’t care for him at all and only the fact that they shared a small hut kept them together.
He sat down by the path overlooking the hillside and the sea beyond to the east. There were several islands within view that MacAllister used to send messages from. It was an awe-inspiring sight that painters must eternally pine for. The sun was bright but the wind trying to get over the ridge moderated its heat. Jordan had caught his bird already. Now he sat and tried to sort through his feelings. The incident on the beach was the real cause of it, he decided. A bullet a little this way or that could have easily cut Lila down, and she would now be gone. That possibility, so narrowly averted, made him realize how much he cared for her. Dared he call it love? In the teacher-student relationship he felt very close to her, and thought that he knew her, but apparently not. In the aftermath of the close call he realized he didn’t care if she wanted to use him to get to the States. She would be safe there. But she had refused. Why? Was he not good enough or rich enough? Then why was she so nice to him at other times? Usually she deferred to him, why not in this? The questions multiplied the more he thought about his situation, but the light and the fresh air restored some of his perspective. After all there was still the war on, and they would surely send him back into the fighting. He might even die; what use would he be to her then?
He returned to the hut. Lila took the bird from him and started plucking it. MacAllister was working on his codes, transcribing his next message. At the supper table the Aussie broke the silence. “The supply ship will be here in three days and take back the two of you. Can’t say I’m happy to see you go as I’ve enjoyed your company. I guess they’ll ship you back to your unit.”
“What will happen to Lila?”
“Hard to say. They wanted to leave her here, but I convinced them she knew too much about me and my activities to be allowed to stay. She’ll be safer at Port Moresby. There are already many refugees there. Now that she speaks such good English, knows how to read and write, maybe they’ll use her in an office somewhere. I know we’re not America, but we aren’t primitives either. She’ll land on her feet.”
She didn’t seem so happy about what was facing her. To his surprise she cornered him and with tear-filled eyes beseeched him, “Please don’t go. You needn’t go. Not back into the war and get killed. I couldn’t stand that.” Jordan was surprised by the weight of her concern for him. She cares! She really cares!
“We can just disappear. There are lots of islands around here. And the Sea People. They could sail you almost anywhere. Burma, India, the Sea of Arabia. They would never find you.”
“But I can’t. I owe it to my country, my family. I can’t let others fight the war for me.”
“I’ve lost so much already. You are my only family.”
“Will you marry me after all?” He waited a heartbeat as she considered this.
“If that... that will keep you out of this evil war, then yes.” Jordan was surprised by the surge of joy he felt. Where had all that come from? But his mind stepped in.
“I’d like that very much. But if I desert my country’s cause, I won’t ever be allowed to go back to America much less take you. I must fight this war and find my happiness when peace comes.” Seeing that it was no use, she burst into tears. It struck him that he had never seen her cry before and he felt terrible for causing her this much pain. He tried to embrace her, to console her, but she shrugged out of his grasp and ran off.
They were so tense around the table that MacAllister looked from one to the other, wondering what the trouble was. The meal passed in choked silence. Finally Lila said to MacAllister, “Tell him he doesn’t have to go back. He and I could just disappear. You could tell the Army that we were captured or drowned. Please tell him that.”
MacAllister looked at her with great sympathy but regretfully shook his head. “I can’t tell a grown man what to decide. I could advise him maybe, but tell him what to do? That no. He must decide what’s right and we must accept it.” He pushed the food around his plate. “If the Americans were to catch him he could be shot as a deserter, or at the very least, thrown into jail.”
Later Jordan asked MacAllister what he would do in his shoes. “Me? I’d take the girl and run. The hell with the war. Enough people have died already.”
“But you’re here fighting it.”
“Well yes, in a way that’s true. But I stay out of the crosshairs, and with me it’s an exciting game that rarely really heats up. And I make money doing it and have a tidy sum in a bank account already. When this war’s over I’ll have something to restart my life with. So you see I’ll miss all this when the shooting stops. But you? You’re just cannon fodder. Expendable. The PT-boats are cheap throwaways; if they sink one thing they’ve earned their costs. Losses are acceptable, after all they’re not battleships.”
Jordan however, couldn’t rationalize it. If he ever wanted to see his family again, then he needed to rejoin this damned war. How long can it last anyway? The Americans were advancing now forcing the Japanese back into their island fortresses. He would not prove himself a coward, no matter how tempting Lila’s offer was. Sure he loved her, he just had to survive and take her to America as she wanted.
The next day Lila didn’t want lessons; all she wanted to do was to hold onto him. She held his hand and kept her eyes on him as if afraid that he would fly away if she looked away. It was painfully sweet and he badly wanted to give in, but he knew if he gave an inch it would turn into a mile.
That night, in expectation of the arrival of the supply ship, she offered herself to him. It took all his self control not to give in. “MacAllister,” he whispered.
She took his hand and led him outside to a patch of grass and drew him down beside her. She kissed his face, eyelids and mouth in frantic haste. He turned his head away and held her off.
“Lila, dear Lila, I want to so badly that it burns, but I just can’t do it. Not until we’re both safe and out of this war.”
But she refused to listen. “I can’t wait. You might die in battle and I would have nothing left of you. If I can’t have you I must have your child.” These words chilled him: he felt dead already with only a child to prove that he was ever on this earth. She pleaded with him and somewhere between the tears he gave in. Their union was painful in its intensity, driven by desperation, with no room for pleasure. They lay exhausted in each other’s arms, bodies covered with sweat, gasping for air. But she was content. He was less so, having looked forward to this event for so long, expecting grand things from it. Instead of pleasure, he felt an overwhelming need. He had given all, not at all sure for what. The one bright spot was that she was satisfied. They fell asleep right where they lay.
Near morning she roused him with a kiss, and before he was fully aware of it, they were making love again. But this time it was different. It was pure pleasure, with a release that did make the earth tremble beneath them. So that was it!
When they returned to the hut, MacAllister set them packing as the supply ship was just two hours away.

Chapter 8
Onboard the Governor there was little room for privacy, so Lila and Jordan had to make do with a corner of the common room. The crew acted as if the two passengers weren’t there, and came and went at all hours of the day or night.
The boat hardly deserved the classification of “supply ship,” as it was no more than a 47 foot trawler designed to get in and out of tight places among the islands. After restocking MacAllister, they had headed north to deliver loads to two more Coast Watchers, then turned home for Port Moresby. Once they saw a Jap plane high up but it never came down to look at them.
The captain made bold eyes at Lila, but the rest of the crew maintained their distance. From the chatter around him, Jordan got a renewed sense of the war. The Allies were on the offensive, island hopping, ever closer to Japan. The Japanese defended their chain of island fortresses with fanatical resistance even if cut off. Casualties were high on both sides, and the numbers were expected to skyrocket once the war moved onto the Japanese homeland.
They arrived at Port Moresby, still a hub of activity as a transport point, even if the overall command had moved north. After settling Lila with a refugee relief group, Jordan registered with the American Transfer Command that promised to return him to his former unit. He was issued a new uniform and a mess kit.
“The PT’s have done extremely well. They’ve intercepted the Jap transports and paralyzed all movement of troops and supplies by the enemy. We’re going to starve out the Japanese, and keep them isolated on the islands. The fight for New Guinea is practically over, just a few spots of resistance left,” the staff sergeant informed Jordan. “There are now over 350 PT boats in our theater of operations, but as always they’re short of men. They’ll be very glad to get you back.”
“What about my wife?” Jordan wanted to know.
“Wife?” The sergeant frowned. “That’s not my area of responsibility. Go see Family Services, they’ll take care of you.” But Jordan thought that first he better make his marriage a fact.
He broached this to Lila, proposing to her again. This time she didn’t reject him out of hand and she cradled her stomach protectively. He pleaded, “You know I love you and if you’re with child you need support. Whether I’m alive or dead, as my wife the American government has to help you.” It wasn’t the romantic proposal he had envisioned and Lila was still reluctant to say yes to it.
“You need not worry, I’ll be fine. I’ve been on my own before and can do so in the future.”
“You, of course. But our child would need a name, a family. Would you throw the chance away?”
In the end, she decided not to. “OK. But I want you to remember always that I didn’t force you into this. If you do this, you must do so by your own free will. And promise that if you ever get tired of me, you would let me go.” 
“I promise,” he said, jumping through the open door.
Jordan was astounded by her clear formulation. As her teacher, he knew where and what she had trouble with, especially with idioms, but she sounded more and more American by imitating his tone and style of expression. She had a fine ear, to separate nuances. 
That afternoon he went to the local church and asked the pastor there to marry Lila and him.
“Certainly,” the pastor agreed, “but I need permission from your commanding officer to perform the ceremony.”
“My commanding officer’s not here. He’s north somewhere fighting with my unit. I’ll be sent to rejoin them.”
“I’m sorry, Son, but by military law in times of war, without proper authorization I can’t proceed. Even if I did, it wouldn’t be legal.”
The Family Services office wasn’t any more helpful. A clerk looked at him with pity. “Your CO would have to approve the request. And even then it’s not a sure thing. In fact quite rare.” The clerk saw that Jordan took the news hard and shepherded him to the canteen to get them some beer. “The fact is we have millions of men serving and fighting oversees, far from their families and girlfriends. Of course soldiers find themselves willing women among the indigenous peoples and think they’re in love with them but—”
“I am in love with her! We’ve been through a lot together, been shot at by the Japanese and nearly killed. She’s carrying my child...” Jordan said, stretching the truth a little.
“I’m sorry sailor. I’d like to help you but military regulations have my hands tied.” They finished the drinks and went their separate ways.
Transfer Command informed Jordan that he would be flown out in four days with the next mail post going north. Jordan was growing desperate. He had to do something about Lila.
“Don’t worry so much, I can take care of myself,” Lila assured him. “Look I got a job sorting mail for the whole of the southern theater of the Pacific. And the Women’s Auxiliary on base will provide me a room to myself and a ration card. I’ll be well taken care of.”
Jordan wanted to believe it, and because he had no other choice, he gave in. He wrote a letter to his family telling them about Lila and praising her. He asked if they could do something from their end. Perhaps petition their congressman to help with immigration to allow Lila entry into the United States. This was not his first communication with them because on his arrival in Port Moresby, he had sent a telegram letting them know that he was alive and well. He expected that they had received an MIA notification from the War Office, and imagined that his telegram and letter would be cause for great joy.
Lila showed Jordan her tidy little room in the barracks reserved for women. The walls were still bare, but Lila talked about how she would decorate them. Jordan had to agree the room was nice, with a good view of the bay. Since men were not really allowed in the barracks, they left after a short time and walked to the bluffs above the city. Off the track, they found a hidden spot overlooking Port Moresby where they had some privacy. The bay was filled with cargo ships and warships being restocked, the view reminding them of the nearness of the war. Driven by urgency, he hugged her and kissed her face, her eyes and mouth. Lila lifted her head to expose her throat and eagerly he nuzzled at it, knowing how sensitive she was there. His hands explored her body with confidence he’d never felt before. She responded, pushing him down into the grass, and covering him, with her full weight pressing into him. He turned her over, and there was no stopping him anymore. She fought back, wanting, demanding pleasure from him. Driven by instinct, inflamed by desire, inspired by love, his hunger met hers, the passion sending them over the precipice to collapse spent in each other arms. For the moment there was only the two of them; far from the rest of the world with all its troubles, the war was, however briefly, forgotten. The sky smiled at them; a tender breeze cooled their bodies.
“I love you,” he whispered, there was no reservation in his mind this time.
“I love you,” she said for the first time. It thrilled him to hear it. He raised his head and found her eyes. He looked at the tiny reflection of himself in her pupils, then brushed her eyelids with his lips. Her mouth found his, her fingers tracing the muscles of his chest, awakening the hunger again.
Desire grew anew and had to be satisfied. Whereas the first encounter was frantic this time it was slower, more deliberate, under better control. They tried to hold on as long as they could, to prolong the ride along the precipice, but eventually they crashed: he first and she hurrying after him. A sweet radiance filled them both as they held onto each other.
In spite of the pleasure they had shared, Jordan was filled with sadness and foreboding because he had to leave in a few days.
“I will miss you,” he said to her, feeling low at the thought.
“Don’t miss me yet,” she whispered as she put her arms around him and kissed him behind his ears, igniting his passion again. After that he was too tired to miss anything and barely made it back to the men’s barracks to sleep away the morning. They spent the next day together, walking the base, hardly aware of the all the activity around them. The whole bay had become a giant warehouse that supported all military activity in this part of the world.

On Friday night the Port Authority organized a dance. A committee assigned the task flew in a band from Sydney to entertain the base personnel and soldiers in transit. Jordan convinced Lila to go, but it was a hard sell.
“I’m afraid that with so many unattached men, I would be forced to dance with strangers the whole night,” she protested.
“Not the whole night...” Jordan countered but couldn’t give any cogent reasons.
It turned out both were right. The Phil Fogerthy Swing Band was good and the dance floor was soon full with people, both military and civil, doing their best to forget the war and enjoy themselves.
Jordan had his dances, the first through the sixth. There was something so obviously personal between Lila and him that people left them alone and no one broke in to ask to dance with her. The bar served alcohol with a high price on it to discourage drunkenness, but soft drinks were free and there were trays of sandwiches, donuts and cupcakes provided by the Women’s Auxiliary. Still with the evening the mood quickened, inhibition lessened, and Jordan lost Lila for a series of four dances.
Then they were again reunited, Lila glowing from the music and movement.
“You’re a very good dancer,” Jordan said. “Much better than me. Where did you learn it?”
She hesitated, the laughter going out of her eyes. “You better not ask or expect an answer.”
That cryptic statement put a dent in his mood and it took three dances to put it behind him.
“I don’t care about the past. Care only for the future. I love you and that’s all that matters,” he said and watched her eyes light up again. She relaxed into his arms and they danced as if they were alone on the floor. The band started into a new selection and the lively rhythm swept them along.
“What was that?” Jordan asked, not recognizing the tune.
“Full Moon over the Bay,” Lila said but didn’t add how she knew that. Then Jordan lost her to a young enlisted man who applied very courteously for the next dance. It took five dances to see her again. MacAllister brought her back.
“Enjoying yourself, Lad?” MacAllister wore his signature grin. “Nothing like a good toe-tapper to get the blood moving. Come I’ll spend for a drink.” They lined up at the bar and eventually MacAllister got three beers. After the dancing the cold beer tasted especially good and they found a table on the side.
“I heard you tried to get married, and you didn’t even ask me to be the Best Man,” the Aussie complained.
“We never got that far. Couldn’t get permission.”
“Screw the permission. Don’t let some official bullshit stand in your way. If you like I’ll marry you myself.” He turned to Lila and asked with mock solemnity, “And you young lady, are you willing to take this man to be your husband? To obey... and I think honor....?”
“I do,” she said simply.
“And do you, Jordan Joshua Walker, take this woman to be your wife?”
“I do,” Jordan said, the word catching in his throat.
“Then you’re married. See how easy that was?” They clicked bottles and laughed.
Some of that good feeling survived into the night, and they made love like never before.
“Where will you take me on a honeymoon?” she asked teasingly, tickling him under the covers.
“To Hawaii, San Diego... and Oklahoma.” He wished it were all true, the marriage and the honeymoon.
“That would be nice,” she said gaily and tickled him.

That was their last night together, and in time they grew subdued and dejected. They held onto each other, but only talked. Neither was in any mood for any more play.
“I wrote to my parents about you and gave them your address. So don’t be surprised if they write you. My mother certainly will and my sister. My brother, by now he must have grown into a young man, I don’t have much sense of him. We used to roughhouse together, but weren’t close.”
“What means roughhouse?”
“You know, wrestle and fight with each other but in a friendly way. Aside from sharing farm chores we didn’t do much together. He had his friends and I had mine.”
“And you think your family will like me?”
“They’d better. I like you. I love you and can’t imagine my life without you.”
“Promise me you won’t take any unnecessary chances. Did I say that right?”
“Yes, and I promise.” It was a sad good bye. One last kiss, one last look and they went their separate ways.
*****
Early next morning Jordan was aboard the DC-3 loaded with mail for the troops. A young Air Force officer shared the small compartment. The plane rumbled down the runway and rose into the air. From a small porthole, Jordan saw the base drop away. His eyes found the women’s barracks and he bid a silent good bye to his sweetheart and future wife—if he survived.
The Air Force guy was going to Iwo Jima, newly wrested from the Japanese. “From there we’ll be able to launch bombing raids against the Japanese mainland,” the officer said, barely able to contain his excitement at such prospects. “The victory cost the lives of many of our brave boys to secure us this chance. Horrendous losses.”
Sad as he felt, Jordan didn’t say much, but the officer was content to talk by himself. He offered Jordan a cigarillo that Jordan waved off. “They gave me a choice go east or go west. I chose to fight against the Japs because the cowards attacked Pearl Harbor and I lost a neighbor. So if I can, I’ll pay the Japs back with interest. I’ll write his name on every bomb I drop.”
It took five hours for the plane to struggle against contrary headwinds and land on an airstrip cut out of the jungle on Palau. During the stopover Jordan had a meal at the canteen and a shower. Then they were in the air again. This time the compartment was full of a new set of men. A sailor sat down beside Jordan extending his hand. “My name’s Stanley, and I can see by your insignia that you serve on a PT. I’m torpedo man second class off PT-914 of the Black Rogues.”
“Really? I’m... I was off PT-927 before it was lost. It took me almost a year to find my way back. I don’t know what I’ll be assigned to next.”
“Been to Iwo Jima. I took a bullet in the Solomons. Spent four months in the hospital in Australia. Now I’ve been reassigned to my old unit although not necessarily to the same boat.”
“I guess we’re in the same squadron, unless they send me elsewhere. What’re we doing anyway?”
“Don’t rightly know. Last I heard, all the squadrons were preparing for something big.”
“Do you think it could be Japan?”
“No. We’re establishing more stepping stones, but Japan is still too far. A new base somewhere. Like Iwo Jima. Though I hope we don’t suffer the same losses. That was really terrible.”
“I just spoke to an airman assigned to Iwo Jima, he said the same thing.”
“Yeah the PT’s were there to pick up sailors and pilots from the drink. But get this, we had some big brass come and tell us that if we spot a torpedo running for one of our capital ships, we’re to intercept and let it blow us up. After all we were just a small boat hardly costing the taxpayers anything.”
“Didn’t he realize...?”
“That we’re too shallow for a torpedo? You should’ve seen the CO’s face, how he kept it together is beyond me. The rest of us had a good laugh afterwards.”
“How was Iwo Jima?”
“Like I said, terrible. So many dead that we couldn’t evacuate them. We ferried the wounded back to the hospital ship. They had to call in a passenger liner to house all the injured.”
“What about the battle?”
“A real slaughter. 30,000 marines landed on February 19th and by the 23rd raised the flag on Mount Suribachi. We thought we’d won, not realizing that the real battle was just beginning. Thousands more were sent in but we didn’t secure the island until March 26th, after losing they said about 26,000 men, dead or wounded. I think they’re lying about that, hiding the real numbers. For the Japanese it was much worse; they fought from their bunkers and tunnels like devils and we had to burn them out with flame throwers. Out of the garrison of 22,000 men only about 200 were taken prisoner. They preferred suicide to surrendering. Figure it out, that’s less than 1 percent. 99 percent losses. It boggles the mind.” Jordan thought back on Hideki, the pilot’s sense of duty and yes, he understood.
“We lost the carrier USS Bismarck Sea and quite a few other ships to suicide air attacks. I hope to hell they fired somebody for the miscalculation. It was a real fuck-up.” Yeah, the usual SNAFU.
They landed and people dispersed quickly. “You’d better come with me to check in,” Stanley said and they went looking for their postings. Stanley was reassigned back to his boat PT-914, while Jordan was given PT-941, and found himself listed as Gunner’s Mate 2nd class, a step up from his previous classification.
“You lucky bastard. That’s a brand new boat, just arrived from Stateside, with more armament. Hell, pound for pound we’re better armed than a battleship.”
“Is the CO also new?”
“Naw, from what I hear he fought well in the Marianas.” He waved as he disappeared.
Jordan walked to the bay and found PT-941 tied up next to the PT tender. On board topside he reported to the Exo, snapping off a crisp salute.
“At ease sailor.” The Exo took the transfer papers and leafed through them. “Welcome aboard Jordan. The CO is getting briefed at HQ but will see you as soon as he gets back.” He leaned over and shouted down the hatch, “Smiley! On the bridge, pronto.” A man emerged from below and the Exo instructed him, “Show Jordan around the boat, he’s our new front side gunner.” He turned back to Jordan. “You’ll find the new 80’s a step up from the 77’s you served on. We don’t have torpedo tubes anymore, replaced by roll off racks. We’re faster and more reliable.”
Smiley showed Jordan around. “We’re more of a gunboat now. They added two more .30’s in front of the charthouse. You on the left side. Tillman’s to your right serving the other .30 and George is in front with the twin Oerlikon. They added a brace of fin-stabilized five inch rockets. The rest is pretty well the same as you had on the 77. We’re faster, got greater range, and with the extra crew less room for each. The food’s the same swill, our ration of water per day is cut by a quarter.” In spite of his name, Smiley wasn’t smiling. “Lt. Toller is CO, the Exo is Fremont. The squadron is commanded by Captain Hollis. If you want to know more, ask Carter the navigator, he’s supposed to orient new men.” With that Smiley disappeared.
Jordan checked in with Carter, who showed him around below and assigned him a bunk. “You’ll share this bunk with machinist mate Johnson, who’s on the opposite watch from you. The boat wasn’t designed for so many men onboard. As a new guy you get stuck with sharing.” The navigator then talked of weapons drill, man-over board procedures and fire fighting exercises. “All other stuff you can find in the PT-boat’s bible,” he said, indicating a volume hanging on a chain from the bulkhead of the crew quarters. “Get to know it, chapter and verse. The CO will quiz you on it.”
Jordan stowed his stuff in the bunk, frowning at the pillow’s oily smell from the machinist. He would have to get used to it. Suddenly it was real to him that he was back in the war. The smell of fuel mixed with human sweat and maybe a trace of mold from somewhere.
Later, as Jordan was drinking coffee a big man came over to him. “I’m George on the Oerlikon. I heard you served with Lt. Stillwell. I was with him in Pearl when he was the Exo. Is it true he died?”
“Yes, and everyone else on PT-927. A Jap plane shot the stuffing out of us.”
“How the hell did you survive?” It wasn’t quite an accusation but something close to it.
“Yeah, I should’ve died back then. But I didn’t.” Jordan rose to show that he was ready for any challenge.
“The way I heard you got a holiday out of it.”
“Yeah. For months having to eat raw fish and play hide and seek with a Jap garrison. And no fucking room service. Where were you all that time?” It pissed Jordan off to have this man in his face.
“All right, simmer down. Anyone can make up stories, prove yourself behind your gun if you want respect.”
“Fuck respect. I’m not a coward, but I just want to survive this piss-pot war.”
“So do we all. But that’s a team effort.” George stamped off.
The CO returned. He looked to be in his mid twenties, but already had deep lines by his mouth, evidence of the burden of leadership. “Jordan Walker,” he read from the file. “Sank in the Solomons.”
“More north, Sir.”
“You can stop with the Sir. All I ask is that you do what I or the Exo order. You can stop saluting as well. Do your job well and we’ll get along. Understood?”
“Yesss...”
“Good boy. Get to know the crew. Their lives are as much in your hands as yours is in theirs. We’re one happy family.”
Yes...ss.” Jordan looked at the Skipper’s table that held the closed file of their next mission. “Thank you, Sir.” He backed out of the small stateroom.
“No more Sirs, remember?”
“Yes, Sir.”

In the next two weeks, Jordan adjusted to the boat’s routine. Surprisingly, in spite of the extra length, he found the boat smaller than what he remembered PT-927 to be. At first he thought it was because of the four extra crew, but in the end decided it was because he had changed in the meantime, he had grown wiser in the ways of the world. He was also more aware of the boat’s vulnerability, thin skin, and that its greatest asset—speed—was not enough to keep it from harm, especially not from the sky. Every time he picked up the drone of an aircraft engine, his head came up to check whether it was a friend or foe.
Jordan was slower to realize that he wasn’t so open to the new crew as he had been on his previous boat. Perhaps he didn’t want to get close to anyone and suffer the loss of another death. He formed a lukewarm relationship with Tillman, the other .30 gunner, but he kept his distance from the rest, which the others didn’t seem to mind, not wanting some new guy pushing into their already well established circle.
The boat was new, and they went on a shakedown run to find and fix any bugs. They found that the radar had some inner interference requiring that the whole apparatus be replaced. There were a host of other problems, not critical in nature, but they had to learn to work around them.
On weapons testing Jordan did well, hitting the floating target with quick, short bursts, sinking it. “Well done,” Tillman called over; he hadn’t done so well. Even the Exo nodded at Jordan in recognition.
It was clear from all the activity around them that something big was in the works. A fleet was forming up that included several carriers. News also came that nearby facilities were chock full of warships and transports as well. Whatever was being planned was bigger than anything they had undertaken before.
Of course, no one knew when or where, but the scuttlebutt was rife with rumors and conjectures. Some thought they had to be aiming for Japan. In the lull between training runs, Jordan wrote to Lila and to his parents making no mention of these preparations, to avoid any risk that the censors could impound his letter. He received a jubilant letter from his parents in response to learning he was alive and well. He hadn’t heard from Lila and he fumed about why had he taught her to read and write, only for her not to reply to his letter.

In time, Jordan got to know the crew better. On a small boat there wasn’t anywhere to hide, and whether one wanted to or not, one learned all the peculiarities of each person. They were mostly young men. Smiley, for instance, was straight out of high school, and inordinately proud of his scraggly mustache that had never known a razor. He thought that the bit of nose hair made him look mature, but everyone knew that he was still wet behind the ears.
Tillman was a book worm, spending all his free time reading. He hardly had any room for himself in his bunk, it so overflowed with books.
Johnson was known to masturbate two to three times a night or day, heedless of who else was in the crew quarters. Jordan mistrusted the sheet and crumpled it down at the foot of the bed.
Perhaps the oddest character aboard was the master mechanic Gus. Whenever he joined the crew in the small wardroom, the others scattered so they wouldn’t get polluted with grease from his soiled coveralls. It was rare to get a glimpse of him as he preferred to stay near the engines, often even eating there. He smelled of oil and grease and was probably perpetually intoxicated from the engine fumes. Not surprisingly, he was hard of hearing and people often had to yell to get him to understand. He had been in the Navy for over twenty years, earned his stripes three times, then promptly lost them for some misconduct in port. He had no family and never got any letters. On rare occasions he would appear above deck, but after only a few minutes would retreat back to his lair, driven there by the overabundance of fresh air. On shore it took him several days to come down from his toxic state.
The cook put a plate in front of him, with a lump of Spam, canned corn and peas. He glared at it, out of sorts.
“Where the hell are we?” he asked nobody in particular.
“About a half day out of Hawaii,” Carter lied.
“Hawaii, eh? I used to know a gal there on Front Street. She was older and no beauty, but knew how to take care of a returning sailor really well. The trouble with the attractive gals you pick up in some bar is that they think that looking good is enough to quell a sailor’s hunger. They lie there limp as a wash rag and can’t wait to get you off. My advice, find a not so pretty gal and give her your business.”
“You should write a manual, Gus. How to Service Women...” George chortled.
“No, no. A guide to tune up females,” Carter added.
Gus never stayed long. “The food taste flat to you?” he would ask.
“Yes, the cook forgot to add some engine oil to the recipe.” After he left, they all chuckled as they were thousands of miles from Hawaii. Gus, who knew where every bolt and screw was in his engine room, cared little for anything above. He didn’t hear the guns firing either, but felt their recoil shudder through the boat. He prayed that his engines wouldn’t be hit, or the fuel tanks.
“If the tanks are hit,” he would say, “you wouldn’t even have time to know it. It’s a shortcut to hell that is. So don’t worry about it.” But he did.
Gus was famous for the time when in mid ocean he dove into the water to unravel a fishing net that got wrapped around the props. The real trouble was that the net had also snared a mine, coming within a hairbreadth of the boat and blowing it out of the water. It was a God-awful mess, and Gus had to defuse the rusty thing while holding his breath the whole time.
He was older that anybody on board and temperamentally very different; he just didn’t fit in. Generally the crew was made up of young volunteers, in love with the speed and dash of a torpedo boat. They were the mavericks of the sea and formed a sort of family. Gus was maybe a distant cantankerous uncle. Consequently, the crew played jokes on him. A favorite was to inject some water into the fuel line and watch him splutter as he tried to figure out why his engines were running so rough. He never caught on, but it was not an easy trick to pull off as he was rarely away from his engines... only when he was taking a dump. At night, he mostly slept in a hammock that he hung in the engine room. Maybe all engineers had that habit.
The Skipper and the Exo mostly kept to themselves and spent their time in the officer’s quarters. The Skipper was known to like movies and was overheard talking about stars and starlets as if related to them. He was addicted to movie magazines and most his mail consisted of them. He had a good reputation and the crew trusted him in action or out of it.
Fremont, the Exo was the glue that kept the boat together. He attended to all details and made sure everything worked on board. Although he was quiet and never threw his weight around, surprisingly, everybody obeyed him. He was a friendly ear when things got tense over some minute thing as was likely in such close quarters. If he had any foibles or passions no one had yet discovered them. He was father to all, more than the Skipper.
Even as Jordan got to know them, he felt apart. He was a Johnny-come-lately who hadn’t paid his dues yet. Jordan didn’t care: he wasn’t looking for emotional attachments. He had lost his first crew and didn’t want to get to know anybody else. But it was not always easy to keep people at a distance and stick one’s head in the sand—not on an 80 foot boat.
From time to time, Jordan was rotated to the front twin 50’s, right beside the bridge. He often overheard the Skipper and Exo talking but had to pretend that he didn’t. They were scouting one of the many islands in the way of the US forces closing in on Japan.
“Do you think this is it? The next target for invasion?” the Exo asked the Skipper.
“Not a chance,” the Skipper replied. “They’re being a little too obvious about it. This is the third raid by us, and there were four more by the fourth and fifth squadrons. This is a diversion to make the Japs think that we’re interested. My guess is that we’ll land somewhere else.” 
“A diversion? Are you sure?”
“Nothing’s ever sure. But I had a drink with one of the Operations guys, and he hinted that it’s one of the larger islands. Q-23 or LF-3 to the east.”
“And you believe him? It wasn’t just the beer talking?”
“No. He and I go way back to basic training at Melville on Rhode Island. We nearly got court-martialed for taking our girlfriends for an unauthorized ride on a PT-boat. You know, on a little shakedown cruise for a new boat, and we tested it. For all contingencies. Hell, me and Sally from Harford played doctor-patient in the captain’s compartment.”
“Who was the doctor, you?” the Exo asked.
“We took turns.” And the Skipper laughed. Jordan heard and got a measure of the officers: they proved themselves human after all. The island was right up front, seeming to grow bigger and bigger.
“Why are we doing this in daylight?” the Exo asked.
“To be seen, you know, part of show-and-tell, so they don’t miss the point. We have to look interested.”
Most actions were the usual hit-and-run night attacks. The objective was to shoot up as much of the island that the guns could reach in one pass. Sometimes PT-941 was alone, sometimes with two or three other boats. Moonless nights were best: sneaking in quietly on one engines, then near shore hitting it, engines at full power, the hull raised half out of the water, all the guns blazing, with muzzle flashes flickering in the night, tracers drawing bright lines in the darkness, waiting for a secondary explosion to show that something was hit.
Jordan was firing until the breach started glowing red, on the verge of cooking off the ammo on its own. He then had to ease back and fire sporadically, allowing the barrels to cool. The boat was halfway done before the Japs started firing back. If they were lucky, then the PT set something on fire, blew a fuel or ammo dump. Or got one of the barges. After all they were know as Barge Busters. The Japs called them Devil Boats of the Night.
On one of these sorties, the PT ran into a destroyer. The Japs fired their big guns and the PT danced among the numerous explosions. The splashes came down as thick as a downpour during a monsoon. PT-941 spewed smoke and got the hell out of there.

Another time, PT-941 engaged in a night-operation near a godforsaken island, with the mission of delivering a group of divers to clear out some mines and water obstacles before a possible invasion. There were six divers and their minder. About 200 yards offshore, the divers put on their gear and slipped into the water. Two by two they split off to their assignments.
Jordan was at the rear .50 tracking the stream of air bubbles. Tillman brought him some coffee and gratefully he sipped the strong brew. He was already over shift, but as long as the divers were in the water, everyone was at battle stations. The island looked deceptively peaceful, but it was known there were artillery units back in the jungle someplace. The big guns usually didn’t bother with a PT-boat to avoid revealing their positions, however the machine guns and mortars did. Jordan wondered how many eyes were watching right now and nervously he trained the .50’s on the fringe of trees on shore. He almost wished that the Japs would fire, giving him an excuse to let go a burst. The pit of his stomach was tight with tension.
“What are your guys doing?” Jordan asked the minder.
“The first two are clearing out some mines, cutting their mooring lines. The tide will take them in and they will explode when they hit the beach. The other four are setting explosive to blow up some of the metal obstacles that prevent landing craft from getting to shore. There are at least 300 of them along this stretch.”
“Three hundred??! Then we’ll be stuck here for hours.” Would the Japanese wait that long?
“Not necessarily. We take out 50 today and 50 some other time.” The minder, from New England by his accent, spat into the water.
After half an hour, two men surfaced and clambered aboard. They shrugged out of their dive suits and secured their air tanks.
“We cut loose some twenty mines and got the hell out of there. We didn’t want to be blown up, if one of those hit something underwater.” The younger one squatted down behind the engine room roof, pulled a cigarette pack and lit one up, drawing the smoke deep down his chest. You would think that a diver would be more careful about his lungs, Jordan thought. 
There was a sudden explosion further up and a fountain of water shot into the air.
“Was that a mine you cut loose?” the minder asked sharply.
“Hell no! We were more to the left. That must be Al’s group.” The diver threw his butt away looking anxiously for his buddies still in the water.
A head bobbed to the surface and two more further out. The boat surged forward to retrieve them. Something was wrong; where was the fourth? They hooked the nearest two and got them on board, then the third.
“What the hell happened?” the minder demanded from the last one pulled onboard. 
“I don’t know. We set charges on timers as usual and Al was working not twenty feet from me, when the explosive blew up in his hands. It took both his arms and a good part of his guts. There was blood in the water and before you knew it, sharks were everywhere, tearing him to pieces. He was dead, but it was a sick way to go...” He leaned over and retched his guts out. “There was blood everywhere...”
The minder shook his head. “Al was an expert, not likely to make a mistake.”
“I think the explosives are unstable or the mechanism. I had one go off in half the time it was supposed to...” The younger diver shook his head. “Fucking quartermaster is issuing us old packages, way past their expiry dates.”
Yeah, Jordan thought, half the Mark WIII’s were duds; you hit the target but nothing happened. The newer Mark 13’s were much more reliable. But you had to use up the old before bringing out the new. 
The Exo came to the back deck, looking from one to the other.
“We lost one, Sir,” the minder said in a crisp voice.
“The body? The ID-tags?”
“The sharks got the remains, Sir. Nothing left to recover.”
“Nothing?” the Exo looked sick.
“I’m afraid not.”
Just then an explosion lifted a column of water into the air.
“See, that one is early too, just as I said. They’re giving us obsolete shit to work with.”
Suddenly the island woke up. Machine guns stabbed for them and mortars popped in the jungle. Soon it was raining from the water thrown up by the explosions all around the boat.
PT-941 veered toward open water and picked up speed. They were still within sight of the island when one after another explosions disturbed the surface of the water they had just left as the timers set the explosives off.
Dave, the young diver, swore continuously. His companion was more composed. “Just be glad it wasn’t you.” They headed below and had some of the Torpedo Juice doled out by the cook.
“Hope that wasn’t just another diversion that cost us a man,” Jordan overheard the Exo telling the Skipper.

Jordan rolled out of his bunk and found the crew quarters practically empty. It was hot and sticky; a lone fan in the corner tried to stir the air into motion without real success. It was also strangely quiet, the Packards were silent for once. Then he remembered: they were tied up at the dock of the forward PT base having a rare day off. He yawned, and besides, it was Sunday.
Jordan moved into the wardroom, also empty, except for the cook in his narrow side cubicle that passed for the kitchen. Jordan grabbed a tin cup and the cook filled it with coffee.
“What’s happening?” Jordan asked. The coffee was strong, almost bitter, but Jordan didn’t bother with more sugar.
“Nothing much. Half the crew is off to church to get out of any duty, the rest are upstairs minding the store. We and our sister ship, 912, are holding an open boat for the locals and the curious. The Exo wants you on the 40 to keep the kids from playing with it.”
“What the hell? It’s Sunday and there is a war on… we aren’t an amusement park,” Jordan protested. He had been looking forward to a lazy day 
“Can’t be helped. Base command wants us to be friendly, especially after the unpleasantness last week.”
“What unpleasantness?”
“You haven’t heard? A sailor off the PT-tender got inappropriate with one of the island girls, so we have to be extra nice to mend fences.”
“What he do?”
“That depends on who you listen to. He claims he was only kissing her a bit. The islanders allege they had to pull him off her. In any case, we are on public relation duty for the day.”
“Shit,” Jordan muttered.
“What else do you have to do?” the cook asked, amused. “Go back to bed and play with yourself the whole day?”
“Hell no! I want to go ashore and have a decent shower and shave, do laundry and write a letter home.” He hadn’t written in weeks. “By the way, did we get any mail?”
“Not that I know of. We got some condensed milk and a humongous can of turkey. We’ll have at least one decent meal on the next patrol.”
“Then I wanted to take a walk onshore to get the stink of the boat off me.”
“Yeah, I know what you mean. It gets bad, but half the time I can’t decide if it really smells or it’s all in my head. Shore would be fine to clear your sinuses. But don’t go near any of the girls; the natives are still pissed off at us.”
Jordan passed through the empty chartroom to the bridge above, finding the Exo there.
“Jordan, take the 40. We have visitors to keep out of trouble.”
“Yes, Sir,” Jordan snapped off a reply crisply, just to let it be known that he wasn’t happy with turning an off-day into something else.
There were people on board, natives with kids, poking their noses into everything. Cody was trying to keep the flare gun out of the reach of a gangly youth. Going back, Jordan found a kid swinging on the 40’s shoulder harness. 
“Hey, hey, easy with that. You’ll shoot your foot off.” The boy seemed intrigued nonetheless.
“Hey Mister, can I fire it? Can I?” He had his hand on the trigger already, pulling at it. The gun was locked and secured, of course, but Jordan didn’t want him to knock the sight off line.
“If you do, a Jap plane will see us and drop out of the sky and sink us.” Jordan had an unpleasant jolt, remembering PT-927. That was the trouble with traumas like that, they popped to the surface when least expected. The boy did not seem convinced, however, he moved on to the starboard torpedo, mounting it like he would a pony. His father finally gathered him up and they passed forward into George’s territory.
Jordan looked over to PT-912 also overrun with sightseers. Mostly natives but a few whites who ran the plantation on the island. There was also a group of woman in their colorful dresses, going about twittering among themselves. The sight got Jordan thinking of Lila, wondering where she was and why she hadn’t written. He only had two letters from her and nothing recent. Of course they had moved about six times, changing bases, and who knew when the mail would find them. The last batch was five months behind.
Suddenly, there was a commotion up front. George had thrown a kid into the water for getting too friendly with the Oerlikon in his care. The locals rushed to fish the boy out and most of them left, muttering. So much for public relations.
It wasn’t until the afternoon that Jordan got his shower and fresh laundry. Rejuvenated, he walked the island, enjoying not having to squeeze by someone. There wasn’t much to the place, maybe about sixty houses with about two dozen fishing boats pulled up on the beach. There was a church on high ground, built by some Dutch missionaries some 60 years before. It was the only stone structure in the village, the upper story constructed with bricks imported from Europe. There was an adjoining cemetery, with a mix of posts and crosses showing the cultural divide between native and white influence. Somewhere to the north there was a rubber tree plantation, a trial to see if the trees would take.
From time to time Jordan noticed some girls walking by, but, given the present situation, he averted his eyes and walked on. Still he could hear their carefree voices, and war seemed very far away. The place was lush green, with just a few garden plots vying with the jungle. The backdrop of steep hills framed a tropical idyll.
Jordan had a good meal at the base cafeteria that did not taste of gasoline fumes. Later he wrote three letters, one to Lila, then to his parents, and as an afterthought, one to his brother. He posted them and loaded up on razors and shaving cream at the PX and extra socks and underwear. He spent the rest of the day in the beer garden, sipping on a bottle, listening to some hot tunes playing on a gramophone.
What he found disconcerting, was the constant saluting every time an officer walked by. On board such ritual was dispensed with. The crew was a tight unit, with little distance between officers and men. The Exo was especially well regarded.

About a week later PT-941 was on a similar mine clearing mission. They approached shore at low tide, and one by one shot up the mines as they floated just below the surface. They got 25 or 30 of them, before the returning tide covered them with too much water for the bullets to reach them. That was in the daytime and the Japs were quick to respond with harassing fire.
Once, they were patrolling halfway up a strait when the lookout spotted a boat shadowing them in the dark of night. They turned left and the other turned with them. They turned right and the other also changed direction.
Jordan was on the front .50’s, peering into the darkness until his eyes watered. Beside him on the bridge, the Skipper swore, “What the hell is it? Can anyone make it out?” No one could; it was way too dark. “Gunners, keep the bastard in your sights. There is increased Japanese activity all around, so be sharp.” He asked the Exo in more reasonable tones, “What are the chances that it’s a friendly?”
“Few to none. No one in our squadron was assigned to this sector but us.”
“But what if it is one of the Island 142 boats?”
“They work more to the east. Usually.”
Everyone was tense, trying to penetrate the darkness. Only the white bow wave showed where the other boat was. They continued on, zigzagging frequently. The other boat did the same. A half hour slipped by in this cat-and-mouse game.
“God damn! This will play hell with my ulcers. What do we do now? Shoot first and ask questions later?” the Skipper asked the Exo, who just shrugged. Jordan eased his fingers off the trigger, he did not want to start a shooting war without orders. Then the other boat disappeared entirely and the tension increased.
“Where in thunder is he?”
It was never clear who shot first, PT-941 or the other, but suddenly tracers filled the night and Jordan let off a stream. From the aft deck the 40 barked and from front the 20 chattered.
“Cease fire! Everybody cease fire, God damn it to hell!” the Exo yelled over the roar of the guns. Slowly the guns fell silent, but the other was still firing. 50 caliber bullets drew a line of white splashes just off to the left. The Exo grabbed the signal lamp and blinked off a message. Abruptly the other boat stopped firing. Return flashes answered, the Exo translating. “PT-882 on patrol...”
“How the hell did you know?” the Skipper asked his second-in-command.
“US tracers are slightly more red, the Japanese have a hint more yellow. Different chemicals in the charge. Soon as they fired I knew them to be friendlies.”
“Not so friendly,” the Skipper rejoined. “Did we take any damage? Sound off.”
The front gunner called in, followed by the .50’s and then the Bofors. So, thank God, everyone was all right.
The boat slowed and PT-882 caught up. The two boats were nearly side by side.
“Skipper Chester Wilmot attached to Squadron 7 off Shakira Bay.”
“PT-941 temporarily out of Squid Cove. Why the hell were you all sneaking around in pitch dark when it would be prudent to stay clear of anything you can’t see?”
“I could ask you the same thing. We thought you were a Jap boat trying to sneak by us.”
“We thought you were Japs too ... and you nearly got your dicks shot off.”
“From where I was looking you were getting the worst of it.”
“Do you want a rematch?”
“Hell no!” The other laughed.
“Was anybody hurt on your end?”
“No. How about you?”
“We’re OK, but you scared the shit out of us.”
“That’s what PT’s do. But to avoid further misunderstandings, we’ll turn south and let you have the north. OK?”
“Agreed.” The boats separated and headed away from each other.
In the wardroom the Juice was passed around to steady shaky nerves. 
“You got to hand it to the Exo, he’s a sharp guy. How many would know that?” The others agreed and they toasted their Exo.
“Something puzzles me though,” Carter said after the third drink. “I heard over the scuttlebutt that we only produced 500 PT-boats in total, so how come we’re numbered 941? Tell me that.”
“Yeah. Squadron four has number 988. That’s the highest I’ve heard of.”
“It makes sense to me,” Tillman said, still only working on his first drink. “To make the Japs think we have more boats than we really have. Almost twice the number, in fact. It’s called psychological warfare. And you thought war was just about shooting and sinking things. Bullshit! This is a new world: this war is fought in newspapers, on radio and on the home front. Your wife or girlfriend is working on the assembly line, your mother is juggling ration cards, and your dad is pissing in the gasoline tank to stretch his fuel… All so that we boys have something to fight with and play at war. Sure, we’re the face of war, the front line, but behind us is a nation on war footing.” No one had much more to say after that. Smiley held his cup out for more, but the cook just shook his head.
“I don’t want a drunk up there shooting holes in my boat,” he said, putting the Juice away and locking it up. They didn’t get another portion until they were safely tied up at the base.

Tillman and Jordan were spread out on the foredeck enjoying the feel of the morning sun on their faces. Above them the camouflage net flapped lightly in the breeze. From the trees on shore came bird noises and the waves slapped gently against the hull of the boat. Tillman was smoking and Jordan was chewing on a wad of gun.
“You know if it wasn’t for the war, I’d be home working my ass off to provide for a wife and kid I don’t have yet. Maybe paint that picket fence and have a car in the driveway. This here is like a vacation … that is when no one’s shooting at you. And even if someone is, it’s bloody exciting as long as you don’t get hurt and your friends are OK. Back home we had to go to amusement parks to get the same thrill.” He exhaled a long stream. “Someone said that war is hell, and close up it is. Flying steel and flesh don’t mix well. I’ve seen too much death and shit, corpses and pieces of someone. I wake sometimes sweating with panic in my stomach and terror in my mind. I hope that stays here and doesn’t follow me home.” Jordan didn’t answer, figuring that Tillman was just thinking out aloud.
“Ever think how it’ll be when this is all over? The way I figure is we’ll win this war—the alternative is just too horrible. I suppose in the end they’ll discharge us and drop us back into civilian life. Can’t say I’ll be sorry to leave all this behind but I’ll miss these guys… even that asshole redneck George. I think we were welded together by the close living and the dangers we shared, something that families back home wouldn’t understand. How do you tell your mother what it was like living with 14 men on an 80 foot boat and not a woman in sight? That swearing and cussing is the normal communication and drinking and smoking the only entertainment.” He pitched the stub overboard and lapsed into silence.
Jordan felt compelled to say something. “I have a wife in Port Moresby. I hope to hell I survive for them. I don’t know what they would do without me. This war has stolen time from all of us. Back at base, the morale officer preaches how we are making history, and changing the march of civilization. How the US will come out of this the leading power in the world. I say who cares? I sure don’t. I just want to get on with my life.”
“You at least have a life or a start of one—I just feel suspended. I’m not gaining anything but nightmares to haunt me the rest of my life. I suppose after the war we’ll all join the veterans’ groups and toast each other, remembering these glory days as my father and uncles did after World War One. Figure that. They were gassed in the trenches, faced a hail of machine gun fire as they charged across no-man’s land and climbed barb wire while ducking shrapnel all the way. I would have been praying, that would make more sense…”
“Me? I pray that I don’t let the guys down. Not turn coward at some critical point,” Jordan confessed. “Of course I fear being hurt, maimed or sent home in a casket. I would drink myself silly to forget all that. Or maybe I’ll go home and brag about what I didn’t do. Who’s to tell? We are all patriots, don’t you know? What I can’t figure is how to turn back into being a good Christian. I’ve killed and have blood on my hands. My country says it’s OK but what does my church say? Half the congregations are saber rattlers. I just don’t know. What we do today must be worth something. Or is all this for nothing? SNAFU is a good word to describe it all: Situation Normal, All Fucked Up.”
“Hey you two,” Smiley yelled from the bridge. “You’d best go below to get your supper pronto, the cook is closing down the kitchen.”
“What’s on the menu?” Tillman asked.
“Spam of course with creamed corn, or were you expecting Texas steaks over a mesquite grill?”
“I wish,” Tillman said to himself, getting to his feet reluctantly. Jordan followed, not even sure if he was all that hungry.

It had started as a perfect day with not a cloud in the sky. The Packards hummed along smoothly as the PT cut through a glass-smooth sea. Jordan was half asleep in the harness of the 40. In the all-around calm view the war was very far away. The radio operator had found some nice dance music from Darwin that he piped through the ship’s PA. It was a bit scratchy at times with static, but most of the music got through.
PT-912 was leading the way and PT-892 was following behind. The three boats were sent out to an island group to the north, to see where the Japanese had ensconced themselves. Two days ago a patrol plane had spotted a couple of barges nosing up to one of the islands, and the PT’s were sent out to investigate. If they found anything then it was to be a quick hit and run harassing sweep to welcome the new occupants. It was like playing checkers among the island groups. But before reaching the designated spot a wide expanse of empty sea needed to be crossed. 
They were past the halfway point when trouble started on the port side, a squall line that was approaching rapidly. Though it was still calm the wind was already picking up. 
The Exo went around the boat. “Tie everything down boys, it looks like a doozy.”
“Can’t we go around it?” Jordan asked, eyeing the advancing turbulence apprehensively.
“No, the front’s too broad and coming on very fast. We have to ride it out.” The Exo passed on.
Jordan secured the 40 and strapped the canvas cover on tightly. It only took a minute, but the disturbance was considerably nearer already. Jordan anxiously eyed the rolling grey mass. This wasn’t the hurricane season, but the latitude was infamous for quick, vicious blows that seemed to boil up from nowhere and for no reason. The boats veered away on different tracks, to stay out of each other’s way in the blindness of the expected storm. The Exo came again, checking on everything.
“Best go below. By the looks of it, it’s going to be real nasty up here.”
Jordan didn’t need to be told twice as he worked his way up front and down the hatch. His last view showed the sea choppy and whitecaps were raising foam that seemed to boil off the waves.
People were crowded into the wardroom and the crew’s quarters. Jordan’s bunk was empty so he crawled into it. He was barely in time when the squall hit. The boat rose sharply then slammed down. From then on it was like tumbling inside a washing machine. Jordan was thrown from one side to the other and had he not wedged himself into the narrow bunk, he would have ended up rolling on the floor. Those who had elected to ride it out outside their bunks were hanging on for dear life.
Jordan, who had gotten used to rough seas, was suddenly feeling sick. His stomach rebelled and he felt on the verge of throwing up. Desperately he hung on, swallowing the stirred up bile that seared the back of his throat. Outside the wind was howling, hammering the boat as the waves crashed onto the deck.
“Jesus,” Jordan thought. “The Skipper and the Exo are out there on the bridge, taking it on the chin.” The boat was laboring to keep square to the wave front, but the sea was coming at them from every direction, making it impossible to anticipate. The boat pitched and tipped violently from side to side. The engines screamed when a wave lifted the props out of the water. The boat shuddered as it slammed into each wave, reeling drunkenly from the volume of water dumped on it. It did not seem possible that the boat could survive the vehemence of the storm.
“Isn’t it ironic?” Jordan thought in the background of all the misery, “that we will be sunk not by an enemy plane or warcraft, but by something that brewed up out of nowhere.”
The boat rose alarmingly, lifted by a gust half out of the water then slammed down to be buried by a following wave. The closed porthole was bleeding, and water dripped from the ceiling. Jordan heard someone nearby moaning and someone praying. The interior lights flickered, as the engines revved up, then down again. 
Back home Jordan had weathered a number of tornadoes in the dugout shelter, but this was worse, ten times worse and seemed to go on and on, with not a hint of ever ending. The boat pitched down and to the right at a steep angle and it seemed impossible that it could ever right itself again—but somehow it did. Jordan smelled throw up, and that triggered his stomach to give up its contents as he retched over the side of the bunk, spewing into the confusion.
It did not ease him any, and dry heaves continued to wrench his body. A sudden jolt threw him against the bulkhead and pain exploded through his side. It seemed like hours. All he wanted was to have it stop—dying was preferable to this. 
Then he lost track of everything. The sounds and the motion, the internal blended with the external, and he was unable to separate discrete events, it all became a ton of hurt. He had become an insect trapped in the maelstrom.
Jordan wasn’t even aware when it all came to an abrupt end. As quickly as it had come the storm passed, leaving behind a load of misery. Even in the quiet, the body protested, still feeling all the abuse it had just experienced. Someone moaned, and someone was still praying. The stench was overpowering. The lights stopped flickering as the engines settled into a steady beat. The motion of the boat also quieted.
People started to collect themselves, assessing the damage. Carter had sprained a wrist and continued moaning. Smiley had a gash on his forehead that was bleeding lightly. Tillman had bruised ribs and couldn’t stop complaining with every breath. All were sore. The crew quarters was a mess. Clothes and personal items were scattered around, broken glass, shreds of paper and letters everywhere. Johnson’s girlie magazine was on top, with a starlet gazing vacuously from the open page.
Jordan somehow pulled himself together and headed above: he had to have some fresh air. He practically fell out of the hatch, gasping in the tangy breeze.
“You OK, Jordan?” the Exo asked, pounding him on the back. He looked in reasonable shape, better than one would have expected from having braved the storm bare faced. He was signaling with the lamp to the other boats as they all converged.
It took the rest of the day to clean up the mess, inside and out. Below, the scattered items were stuffed back into their cubicles, the place scoured and washed down. Outside, the life raft was gone, ripped from its tie-downs. The lid of the ammunition locker had also disappeared, the box itself full of water. The anchor rope was gone, as were the life saving rings and many of the life vests. The radar dome was askew and the radio antenna bent at a crazy angle.
The three Skippers conferred. Every boat had sustained some damage, and the crews were unsettled. It was decided to forgo the mission and return to base. 
They spent the night in the lee of an island, still trying to recover. The cook was the most upset of all, his minute kitchen in shambles, and many of the unbreakable plates and cups, broken to bits. “How am I supposed to cook like this?” he complained to the Skipper.
“Just do your best,” Lieutenant Toller replied. “Like the rest of us.” No one felt much like eating anyway, at least not until late evening when the empty stomachs started to protest.
“That was a storm of all storms,” Tillman said in the wardroom, cautiously testing the coffee to see if his stomach could take it.
“Technically, it wasn’t a storm but a squall, just a local disturbance. We were unlucky to get caught in it.”
“All I know is that it was a ten out of ten as far as storms go,” George threw in. “Anything that can kill me gets a ten.”
“We’ve survived battles, strafing from the air, pissing contests with a destroyer… it’d be ironic to be sunk by a local disturbance as you call it.”
“All I know is that I was sure I was going to die and felt so lousy I just wanted to hurry it along and be done with it.”
“Aren’t you glad you didn’t?”
“842 got it worse than we did: half their chartroom is gone. We only got a few dents and the life raft washed away.”
“912 looked quite intact, the lucky bastards, just the antenna bent into a corkscrew.”
“Fuck that! They’re leaking and have to pump all the time just to stay afloat.”
“The way I heard, Henderson on 912 fractured his skull and his head is all swollen and he’s in a coma. He might not make it.”
“The poor bastard, he has a wife and kids back in Jackson.”
“What about me? I have three ribs busted and can hardly breathe!”
“Damned to hell!” the cook exploded from the ruins of the kitchen. “We lost all our Torpedo Juice!”
“Relax,” George said. “We’ll milk the port side fish one more time.”
“And if we need to shoot at something, what then? Half the fuel must have already been decanted so you can have your fucking mood juice. The Skipper will have your balls if the torpedo fails to reach target.”
“I’ll worry about it then. Right now I want my mood juice.”

Back at base, it was learned that a cutter was lost with 42 men on board in the same storm so the PT’s could consider themselves lucky to have gotten off so lightly. Lucky? Jordan asked himself, recalling that he had been so willing to die to escape the misery. But on land the experience lost some of its terror.
“I talked with the weather officer. He graded it only a three out of five. We had trouble because we’re only 80 feet long and didn’t fit the waves,” Tillman said.
“Yeah?” Cody challenged. “What about the cutter, that’s 140 feet long, yet it went down with all hands.”
“It’s all luck, I tell you. You can get killed getting out of your bed.”
“Really? I suppose you have a cousin who died like that, stepping out of his bed.”
“No, a friend. A rock slide took him while he was shaving one morning. It made a hamburger out of him.”
“I guess there’re a lot of ways to die. If it’s my turn, I just hope it’s quick… not something lingering.”
“Yeah, I hear you. I had a shipmate who got burned in a fuel fire. He lasted three days, three fucking long days. Quick is good.” That put an end to the conversation.

Chapter 9
In the last half of March, three squadrons of PT’s moved north, and came across a collection of ships anchored by a small island not even marked on any of the maps. PT-941 was ordered beside a supply ship and received barrels upon barrels of fuel. Jordan helped to wrestle the barrels into position and using the hand pumps, transferred the fuel into the two large tanks below. When the tanks were full, additional barrels were lowered.
“Where the hell are they going to send us that we need so much fuel?” Tillman asked, sweating as he helped to lash the extra barrels down. Usually it was a problem just to get enough fuel to top off the tanks.
“You don’t think they’re sending us back to Pearl for a refit?” Smiley asked, even though he knew better.
“Not likely, we’re a new boat.” George stepped on that. “But it’s possible that the next move is Japan.”
“Fuck that! It will be another insignificant island infested with bugs and Japs,” Carter said.
However, when extra ammunition was lowered, there was double the usual maximum load. Japan again seemed likely. Tillman whistled as he passed the ammo down to be stockpiled below.
Then water and food was loaded last. Fresh food, crisp salad, real eggs, smoked ham, and red meat. Last came six canisters of ice cream.
“Oh, screw it! It’s going to be Japan!” Tillman groaned. “They wouldn’t give us all these goodies unless there was real shit ahead.” 
No one knew their next objective. A little later the admiral’s cutter delivered an envelope for Lieutenant Commander Toller marked Top Secret. For the present, PT-941 and the various squadrons were sent north. The tenders followed, confirming that something big was afoot. 
They were four days into the move before the CO apprised them of their target: Okinawa.
“Where’s that?” Tillman asked in the wardroom.
“Okinawa is the southernmost part of Japan, about 400 miles south of the main islands,” Carter replied. “It’s surrounded by dozens of smaller islands.”
“I’m tired of these piecemeal actions. Who needs these islands? Let’s attack Japan itself,” Smiley insisted.
“Japan’s also an island,” Carter said, rolling himself a cigarette to smoke later topside. “But we’re now in Japan’s backyard, boys.”
When the alarm sounded for battle stations, they all hurried to their posts. Jordan barely had time to put on his lifejacket and helmet and strap himself to the stanchion of his .30, scanning the sky for the reason. In front George called back to him, “It’s only a drill, look at the other boats.”
True enough the other boats, forming a straight line in each other’s wake, showed no activity. In the smooth water of the empty sea they left a white foam wake two miles long. On the third day an island appeared over the horizon which they zeroed in on.
“Okinawa,” Tillman yelled over the roar of the engines.
“What?” Jordan was nearly deaf from the constant noise of the wide open engines.
“I said that’s Okinawa.”
But the Exo from the bridge corrected him. “Just one of the perimeter islands.” The boats broke up into squadrons and headed off to their assigned positions to monitor and harass the enemy.
In two days the rest of the fleet arrived, battleships, cruisers and the carrier groups. An umbrella of allied planes flew overhead. Then came the transports, loaded with army and marine battle units. Jordan had never seen so many ships before, not even in Pearl.
PT-941 was assigned to a task force that was to sweep north along the coast of Okinawa and bombard the shore defenses. The PT’s went ahead probing the enemy’s reaction to their presence. They depended on their speed to keep them out of trouble. But Jordan saw a sister ship disappear in a huge explosion as a salvo from shore batteries found it. Not a bit of the boat was left and there were no survivors. Miles offshore the battleship row opened up, each salvo screaming by overhead pulverizing the shore emplacements.
PT-941 had to drop back to find its tender and refuel.

On April 1st the troops landed on the beaches and encountered little opposition. But as the days passed, the Japanese resistance stiffened and casualties started arriving for evacuation. PT’s were pressed into this service and ran back and forth between the beach and the two hospital ships.
For Jordan the days blurred into one another. He would sleep briefly then return to his station, ferrying the wounded or picking up downed Allied airmen. The British naval group also took part, with a number of carriers. From his position on deck, manning his .30, Jordan saw the island cloaked by a curtain of explosions from the heavy guns and the smoke of ruins on fire. It seemed nothing could survive the storm of steel concentrated on the islands. He couldn’t understand the number of wounded troops coming back.
An Army Lieutenant, half his face bandaged over a missing eye, stood beside Jordan on deck as he tried to light a cigarette with trembling fingers. “It’s hell out there. The Japs refuse to give up. They defend every position and fight to the last man. They often save the last bullet for themselves. Or they lie there, as if dead, and when someone touches them they blow themselves up with a hand grenade. I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“I have,” a Marine, his hand blown off, said beside them. “At Iwo Jima. It’ll cost us tens of thousands of good men to take these fucking islands.”
But not all the news was bad. The Americans still celebrated the sinking of the Japanese battleship Yamato, the biggest warship in the world, leading a fleet to relieve Okinawa. In repeated attacks, the Yamato was sunk by bombers and torpedo planes from American carriers. The rest of the fleet was also sent to the bottom and only four destroyers escaped, saving a very few survivors of the battle. From then on Okinawa was alone in facing the Allied onslaught.
Then came the astounding news from Germany that on April 30, Hitler had committed suicide and the Russians had taken Berlin. That was followed by Victory in Europe on May 8th when the articles of unconditional surrender were formally signed.
There was a great burst of confidence, now that Germany was knocked out of the war. Of course in the Pacific, people had little time for the news coming out of war-torn Europe. None for the political tug-of-war between the victors in carving up occupied Germany. But it seemed the war was coming to the end. But not yet in the Pacific.

PT-941 was nearly run over by a destroyer maneuvering as a Japanese plane dived for it. Multi-barrel Pom Pom AA guns shot it out of the air just short of the destroyer. The plane splashed into the water a scant ten yards off the starboard side. The air above the greatest armada ever assembled was buzzing with planes. Contrails crisscrossed the bright sky. The Japanese were trying to get through with desperate kamikaze attacks. Jordan saw an escort carrier hit twice and limp off smoking. Later he heard that the ship had to be abandoned. There were smoking fireballs falling like meteors, as maybe only about two percent of the attacking planes got through the defensive umbrella of Allied fighters. But that two percent sank an auxiliary cruiser and two transports, and blew up an ammunition ship.
The nights were worse than the days, in the congested waters where 1300 ships had converged on this one piece of island real estate. The Japanese soldiers fought with unprecedented ferocity. Their avowed mission was not to survive but to take ten of the hated, barbarian invaders with them. The Empire demanded their self sacrifice and the soldiers died fighting to the end.
On April 13th local time the shocking news flashed through the assembled armada that the President of the United States, the Commander in Chief of all American forces, was dead of a massive stroke. It was a chilling announcement.
“Who’s this Truman? I never heard of him,” Smiley declared loudly over coffee.
“He’s been the Vice President beside FDR,” Tillman said. “Don’t you ever pick up a paper?”
“Yes, daily. I wipe my ass with it.”

A few days later another news flash shook up all of the military personnel. Ernie Pyle, the renowned war journalist, had been killed by machine gun fire on one of the neighboring islands.
“The world’s going to hell in a hand basket,” Carter said.
“It’s already there in case you haven’t noticed,” the Exo interjected. “He was a bloody civilian to boot.”
Day and night the big guns pounded the islands, as called in by front line observers. But there wasn’t any real front line. Often the Japanese would let their position be overrun or bypassed, then came out of hiding to attack the rear echelons. They would be killed, but not before they had caused much damage and confusion.
The big guns spoke, at night their muzzle flashes filled the horizon and a half minute later, their shells screamed by overhead to slam somewhere inland in a fountain of dirt and debris.
“Pity the poor bastards on the receiving end of all that,” Tillman said, sucking on his cigarette.
“Hell, why are you feeling sorry for them?” Smiley said aggressively, not smiling ever.
“Most of those are civilians. Women and children. There’s not one city or town left intact on this island. If it’s not us then the Japanese military, destroying everything behind them. There are supposed to be 300,000 inhabitants on these islands. Where are they now? I heard from an Army lieutenant that the civilians are committing suicide en mass...”
“Because they swallowed their government’s propaganda about us,” Smiley countered.
Jordan didn’t speak. To him war had become a necessary evil to put a stop to a bigger evil. While he had never been overly religious, he had believed in the goodness of God, but now, he started doubting it. How could God allow this carnage to happen? And what was he doing in the middle of it? He wished he had run off with Lila as she had wanted him to. Why had she not replied to his letters?

Next day, a flight of Japanese got through and dove onto the ships. Hundreds of dark puffs rose against them and four crashed burning or in pieces, just short of their targets. Beside PT-941 a cruiser got hit, which set off an ammunition locker. The secondary explosion ripped the ship apart. Jordan, who was at his post, felt the heat of the blast and the following shock wave would have thrown him into the water, had not his harness been on. A large piece of steel splashed into the water just yards from them. Bits and pieces were rattling on the deck like hail, and Jordan saw part of a bloody hand.
The CO got the boat started and they went in search of survivors. The front of the cruiser was already gone, the aft end was settling fast. PT-941 fished 23 sailors from the water, two of whom bled to death on the deck. Other landing crafts were busy picking up more men, but most of the cruiser’s complement went down with the ship.
“This is HELL!” Jordan chewed his lips in agitation. Everywhere he looked his eyes stumbled over dense oily smoke roiling into the blue sky. The tempest of kamikazes had created a panic among the ships. Jordan wondered if Hideki was among the attackers. “Please God... Please God...” but he didn’t know what to ask God for or if God was even listening.
Strangely he felt quite safe in this mayhem. With so many juicy targets around, who would waste time and explosives on any of the Mosquito fleet?
Over the next days the kamikaze came again and again, and though most died, the few who got through caused havoc. Something was always burning or sinking in their wake. Jordan who up to now hadn’t fired a single shot, sent a stream of .30 caliber bullets at a Zero crossing above them, aiming to get an escort carrier that was trying to launch fighters in defense. Though hit several times, the Zero smashed into the carrier, blowing a gaping hole in its side. The fire was put out and the carrier was back in action within an hour.
All around there was too much happening. The air was full of angry aircrafts, snarling, trying to get at each other. There was the constant rattle of AA fragments raining from the sky. More than once something pinged off Jordan’s helmet. Once he was burned by a hot piece of metal from an aircraft that broke up in midair. He saw a parachute blossom in the sky, then another plane raked it with a burst, shredding the silk and the body, plummeted hundreds of feet. Jordan didn’t know who was Japanese and who was American.
And all the while the organs of death howled by overhead as 18, 14 inch shells screamed above the mayhem, like express trains. Every once in a while it hit one of the planes that strayed into its path. On shore mushrooms erupted in violent bursts.
Landing crafts brought fresh troops to feed into the slaughterhouse. The nearest beach was filled with orderly rows of the dead. Jordan stopped counting them at three hundred and he was only part way through.
PT-941 was again short of fuel and had to leave its post to go in search of it. They couldn’t find the tender, and had to get something from a British tanker.
“How’s it going with you Yank?” a sailor called down from above.
“War’s hell!” Jordan yelled back.
“You said it, brother.” The tanker retracted its fuel hose and the PT broke away. They returned to their former position.
Through the open porthole of the charthouse Jordan could hear Carson yelling into the radio. “PT-941 back on station asking for assignment. Over.” Only to repeat, “Can you hear me? PT-941 requesting new assignment, please acknowledge...” he was losing his voice trying to outshout the din of the destroyer firing its 5 inch guns next to them.
“Give it a rest, Pete,” The CO called down. “They know where we are and if they need us they’ll call us.” The destroyer fired again.
“What the hell are they firing at? Just to make noise… they’re that bored? For Christ’s sake all the action has moved inland out of their reach,” the Exo complained.
“Move us over to that transport where it’s quieter,” CO suggested. The Exo rang up the engine room and they moved away from the boom of the 5 inches.
Jordan looked over to the transport with ladder nets hanging over the side. A Marine unit was climbing down into the Landing Boat waiting below. Jordan saw the white faces overdrawn with anxiety as they looked toward the shore shrouded in smoke. By now everyone knew that they were going into a meat grinder, but orders were orders, so they went.
The returning crafts were full of wounded to be dropped off at the hospital ship out of the line of fire.
A launch pulled up to the PT and passed over some condensed milk, potatoes and canned food. Most surprisingly a canvas bag marked with PT-941, their mail!
“Can you figure this? We wait weeks in port and get no mail. We’re in the middle of this fucking battle and lo and behold, the post arrives,” Tillman said, holding three letters in his hand.
“You know what they say, neither rain nor sleet and no son-bitch Jap kamikaze will stop the post from getting through,” Smiley quipped.
Jordan had three letters too. One from home and two from Lila. He checked the date stamp and opened the first. “Dear Jordan. I am well, but miss you a lot. Work is fine, and I have settled in nicely. The women here are very supportive. They taught me to play bridge but I spend most of my off hours in the library, studying and reading American writers. I got a map and circled your town on it. Reverend Pace has me sing in the choir and I enjoy that a lot. I pray for your health and safety. MacAllister was by, asking about you. Please take good care of yourself. Your wife Lila.”
He ripped open her next letter. “Dear Jordan: I heard nothing from you but the ladies tell me that’s nothing unusual. I will probably get six letters at once. (Jordan thought hard, counting that he had written four.) I saw the doctor and he confirmed that I am pregnant. Hallelujah as Pastor Pace always says. I also got a brief letter from your mother. Most of it was blacked out, but it said hello and how overjoyed they are to hear from you. That’s all, the rest is black. I have made friends here among the women. There is a Filipino lady from Florida and she is really helpful, teaching me those slang expressions. Half of them make no sense, but I still have to learn them. I’m also practicing my cooking. I now know how to make hamburgers and spaghetti with meatballs. I am saving the money I earn for our future together. With love, your wife Lila.”
Jordan reread both letters searching between the lines. Of course she could write little specific to avoid being censored. She’s pregnant! went around and around in his head. His heart was hammering, boy or a girl? he wondered. Lila, Lila I miss you!
When his heart settled a little, he opened his mother’s letter, finding heavy use of black. Didn’t anybody tell her how to write into a war zone?
“Dear Son. I can’t tell you how overjoyed we are of (black, black, black) Your cousin Joey also (black, black, black) Your dad had a hernia and was operated on. He will be all right, but until he is Bobby will have to run the farm. He and Charlene are thinking of getting married. When you are (black, black) you must find a girl.” (The rest of the letter was black except for her signature line, Love, your mum.) What could have irritated the censors? He knew the policy of not allowing any tactical or strategic information to pass, and that morale was important on both sides, coming or going. You weren’t allowed to complain how bad things were.
He stuffed the letters into his breast pocket and returned to his post.
“Good news, bad news?” Tillman queried.
“Good, but lot of it was black.”
“In mine too. Can you imagine that there’s an army of people reading all that mail with black pens in hand? Send them all over here and we could have this war won by now.”
“Naw. These people are too old or 4F’s, unfit for active duty. Most are volunteers, part of their war effort.”
“My wife writes she is working double shifts at blackety black and can hardly afford the rent. The prices are black and there is black... How the hell am I supposed to make any sense out of that.”
“Assume every black is bad and you may get the gist of it.”
“But how bad? That’s what puzzles me. I wish she’d said nothing, not leave me hanging.”
The whole fleet shifted north and pounded the high ground along the backbone of the island. The defenders were fighting in the jungle, hiding in caves that honeycombed the coral deposits. The Americans had to resort to flame throwers again to overpower the stubborn resistance. In one cave, they found that they had fried 30 civilians, young and old. This horror story circulated among the troops causing arguments among them. A minority saw nothing wrong with it: this was total war, they said, and pointed out that the Japanese army was rumored to kill their own people. A larger group asked the chaplain to hold prayer services for the dead and many attended.
Often the PT’s were used to distribute mail to the rest of the fleet. Or on special request, delivering engine parts or electronics that couldn’t wait for a tender or a supply ship. It was not always easy to find the intended ship as the fleet was in a constant flux, ships coming or going, making room for something new. The odd time, the destination ship was already sunk.
Once they had to deliver a birthday gift to a Rear Admiral on an auxiliary cruiser from the President himself. It was in a box decorated with the Presidential seal and Exo though it was probably a deluxe cake straight from a sweetshop in Washington.
“When you figure that the Commander-in-Chief of all US forces worldwide is wasting his time on such frivolities...” was Gus’ personal opinion.
“Hell, if I were the President I would order a cake for every sailor or GI, no exceptions. Why have rank if you can’t use it?” George said.
Speaking of cakes made Jordan think of peach pie with fresh cream on top. The slab of Spam on his plate didn’t tempt him any.

Jordan was in his bunk, sweating in the heat. The boat was rocking gently, and in spite of all the noises he fell asleep. Soon he was dreaming of a summer day back home, picking apricots in the small family orchard. The sky was dark to the west, and thunder rumbled continuously. Looking at the towering bank of clouds, Jordan was apprehensive; it was tornado season. He and his father had recently reinforced the door to the dugout shelter and only this morning Jordan had refreshed the water storage. Unaccountably, Jordan was shaking and he couldn’t understand it, the storm was yet miles away. Painfully he opened his eyes to find himself in the bunk, with Johnson shaking him awake.
“Rise and shine, pretty boy. It’s your turn topside.”
Jordan groaned. The watch rotation was four hours on, four hours off. He rolled out of the bunk and stretched himself out. Unceremoniously Johnson clambered into the berth Jordan had just left. One had to hurry to get a full allotment of sleep. Jordan stumbled into the wardroom and quickly gulped down a half a cup of lukewarm coffee. He grabbed his helmet and struggled into the combination flack and life jacket. A little unsteadily he climbed up the ladder, through the chart room, and squeezed past the Skipper on the bridge. Jordan mounted the turret and slid behind the forward twin 50’s. He eased down on the narrow seat and swung the gun aside to give himself more room.
PT-941 was on station, the island before them shrouded in dust from the continuous explosions. Salvos from the heavy guns screamed by overhead. This close to the battle wagons, every shot sent out a shock wave that compressed the chest. Jordan stuffed some cotton in his ears to save his hearing.
Little had changed since he was on watch last. The war was still on, and by all appearances, the invasion was in progress. He yawned, thinking he could have easily slept another hour; the PT-boat was peacefully riding at anchor to save fuel. He looked at the rear turret and saw Tillman spread all over the cage, his feet propped up on the railing. The 40 in the back, the 20 up front were unmanned. The Skipper and the Exo were on the bridge, occasionally peering through the binoculars at the beach. There were a few barges and landing crafts heading back and forth, but nothing much else was happening. The war was reduced to salvo after salvo reaching out to the island, landing somewhere in the interior. The beachhead was receiving the wounded and shipping them out. It felt strange to Jordan to be safe onboard when Marines and GI’s were dying on shore. But that was war: boredom and terror combined.
Jordan yawned and tried to keep his eyes from the piercing glare of the sun, but everywhere he looked he was faced with reflections off the ripples that disturbed the surface of the sea. Every time the big guns fired a tremor ran through the surface, like a shiver. Yes, Jordan sighed, he could have slept just an hour more. He had to shift his legs away from the metal sides, heated by the sun.
Suddenly, the guns stopped firing, spinning them into a jarring silence. Alarmed, Jordan straightened, looking left and right. What was happening? Flights of carrier aircraft were heading for the island to bomb and strafe whatever they could find. The big guns took a break to let the air force have a go at the interior. Flying low, fighter bombers passed overhead, the bombs hanging from their racks beneath the wings.
Abruptly the boat horn sounded. “Battle stations,” the Exo called over the PA, “Make ready.”
The rest of the crew boiled topside, manning their positions. The anchor was hoisted and one engine coughed into life. Comforting rumble ran through the boat.
“We are on air crew recovery,” the Exo shouted from the bridge. The boat drifted closer to shore, on muted engine.
The sky above the island was a confusion of aircrafts making their runs at targets of opportunity. They dove, released their loads and clawed back into the air, leaving behind a mushroom. Sometimes there was a secondary explosion to show that something was destroyed. Each time, George cheered, “Go get ’em fly boys! Make them shit their pants.”
In the air, the strange choreography played out, planes dove or climbed steeply into the sky. It was a wonder they didn’t collide with each other. They were chased by puffs of AA from the ground, and now and then a plane was hit, crashed, or trailing dark smoke, headed for safety towards a carrier offshore. Not all made it and crashed into the sea far short.
“Action! Action!” the Exo yelled, and the boat lurched forward as the engines roared to life and in a short run the boat rose to its plane, cutting through the water. Ahead on the starboard side, a wounded aircraft was quickly losing altitude.
“Bail out for Christ sake!” Jordan muttered, his fingers white on the railing. But the plane was too low for that. In a white splash the stricken craft pancaked, losing both its wings. The nose quickly settled into the water, the fuselage standing crazily tilted up.
At full speed PT-941 raced to reach the wreck. Fortuitously the splash of impact had put the fire out, but the plane was dangerously close to sinking. The PT-boat pulled up, nearly swamping the plane with its bow wave. The crew ran to the side, looking for the pilot. The canopy was gone, and inside a figure was slumped over, still strapped in. Obviously he was unconscious.
“For Christ sake!” Jordan swore, vaulting from his perch and without a second thought, diving headfirst into the water. In six strokes he was by the stricken plane, clawing at the pilot’s harness. The face of the man was shocking white, blood trailing from his nose. The eyes were closed and the body was limp. There were bubbles of air escaping from the nose of the plane, and the whole wreck was settling even deeper.
“Don’t panic! Think!” Jordan remembered Hideki’s plane and how the dead navigator was strapped in. He reached into the cockpit, found the harness buckle and tried to release it. It didn’t budge. “God damn!” Jordan was furious, tearing at the webbing. He had maybe a second before the plane would go under; it was time to look out for himself and not be trapped in the undertow. Desperately he fingered the release underwater and getting a good grasp, he tugged and the mechanism gave. Jordan grabbed the pilot by the collar of his lifejacket and wrestled him through the canopy opening. He kicked off the plane, dragging the unconscious pilot after him. He was maybe three strokes away when the plane stood on its nose and quickly slid under.
Two more strokes got them near the boat and Tillman jumped in to help him with the unconscious man. Someone threw a net over the side and with everyone lending a hand the pilot was dragged on board. Dripping, Jordan sat on deck, gasping for breath. With the adrenaline surging through him, he hadn’t realized how hard it had all been, but now he was exhausted.
“Good work, Jordan,” the Exo praised, clapping him on the back.
“Yes, good work, Sailor,” the Skipper echoed him.
The pilot was still flat on the deck, his eyelids fluttering. He coughed weakly and opened one eye, only to shut it again with a groan. “My side... my knee...” he complained in a weak voice. 
“I think he broke a rib and smashed his knee. God knows he hit that water hard,” said Cody, the onboard medic and apprentice cook, his hands feeling the man’s limbs. “I’ll give him a shot of morphine, but we better get him to a hospital ship and have them take care of him. There could be some internal bleeding I can’t do a fucking thing about.” The Skipper nodded and motioned for the rest of the crew to resume their posts.
In a minute, PT-941 was going full blast toward the hospital ship. 
“My name is Matthews from Tennessee. You the one that saved me?” the pilot asked Jordan, who just nodded. “Thanks Buddy. If there is anything I can do... look me up after the war. Brody Matthews, Tullahoma Tennessee...” Then the pain washed the gratitude from his face. 
They docked by the hospital ship, loaded the pilot into the bosun’s chair and hoisted him above.
“Good luck fly boy,” the Exo called after him.
PT-941 returned and resumed its station but wasn’t called upon again. In the wardroom that night, there was a small celebration with flapjacks and plenty of syrup, with adequate portions of Torpedo Juice to liven up the occasion. It wasn’t every day that they rescued one of their own.

Jordan had lost track of days. Was it six weeks or two months? He was too tired to think or do the arithmetic: how many days since April 1st when the landings started? The cannons spoke and in the meantime the dead piled up on the beaches. A refrigerated ship arrived and picked up some of the dead, but it soon was full and headed back to Hawaii by a circuitous route to avoid running into Japanese submarines.
Jordan felt depressed. The odor of death was around him, or was he imagining it? There was always the pungent smell of cordite in the air, and smoke to shroud the view, and the sun rose and set in a blood-red sky. The kamikazes came any time of day or night. Often the night lit up with searchlights as they tried to pin the intruder. The AA guns threw up a wall of steel, but every once in a while an enemy plane would get through to explode on the deck of a capital ship and the rest of the fleet would watch helplessly as a swarm of ships tried to put out the raging flames or rescue the survivors. Friendly planes were grounded at night, to avoid being shot down by their own side.
Every night the guns continued, though at a somewhat slower rate. Perhaps they were running out of ammunition… or targets. It was hard to imagine what was left to shoot at.
June came and the situation was still unresolved. Parts of the island were secure but remnant pockets of Japanese fought with fanatical determination. The marines were taking massive casualties and the Army wasn’t doing any better. Horrified by the losses, the War Office and Washington were sending telegrams demanding explanations. They just couldn’t understand how a defeated enemy (on paper) was still causing such damage.
The local commands looked for excuses and pointed fingers, but couldn’t escape the rising number of casualties. Shell shocked soldiers had to be taken off the island in numbers not seen since the trenches of World War One.
PT-941 sat at the edge of this maelstrom, relatively safe. Jordan heard the Exo explaining to the navigator, “It’s like in Africa, where a herd of wildebeest crosses a crocodile infested river, knowing they’ll be hit but have to cross anyway. We, the smallest of the small, can hide in the numbers. Why should they look at us when there’re so many fat targets all around?” Jordan had heard this line of argument a hundred times before and like the rest, found a false sense of security in the reasoning. Because if you’re next to an ammunition ship when it goes up, there’s little difference, whether you are large or small.
On June 6th, just two days short of his birthday, Jordan was standing watch on top when a Japanese plane broke through the clouds and dove at the biggest carrier in view. All the AA guns opened up, the Pom Poms, the 40 and 20 mm’s and the .50’s. Even Jordan sent a short burst from the 30 caliber he was manning. The plane was in flames but the Japanese pilot was desperately trying to hold his stricken plane on target. Jordan suddenly found himself on the deck on all fours, held up by his harness.
“What the hell?!!” he asked, watching the blood pooling beneath him. He had been hit! Where? He hadn’t felt anything. Tillman was beside him, unhooking him from the .30, letting him down on the deck.
“What is it? Am I hit?” he asked confused. Am I dying??!
Tillman ripped open the shirt, and pressed a bundle over the wound to slow the bleeding. The Exo was there and the two men quickly washed the wound with disinfectant and bound Jordan with a tight bandage across his rib cage, so he could hardly breathe.
“Not too bad, Jordan,” the Exo said. “Not a direct hit. My guess a spent AA shrapnel. It’s in your side, but it looks to be mostly just bleeding. Are you in any pain?”
“A little,” Jordan admitted. Am I dying or am I not??!
The CO came over and he and the Exo conferred briefly. “We’re going to take you to the hospital ship so they can take that piece of metal out of you. Understand?”
Jordan nodded, but didn’t really. PT-941 wove through the crowd of ships. Jordan raised his head to look around, but he dropped it back down, suddenly very dizzy.
“Did they... did they...?”
“Did they what?” Tillman loomed in his vision.
“Did they get the plane?”
“Oh yes. But parts of it still crashed onto the deck. The bastard was probably yelling ‘Banzai’ as he died.”
“Yes he would,” Jordan nodded weakly, thinking of Hideki. The divine wind that was to save Japan had just taken another young man’s life.
They reached the hospital ship but since it was full, they directed them to a neighboring island where a makeshift hospital had been set up to handle the overflow. PT-941 made the trip in record time; the crew unloaded Jordan and turned him over to the orderlies on shore. Not quite sure when, an exhausted Jordan passed out.

When Jordan came to he was lying on a cot, a clean sheet over him. There was a curtain around him but he heard noises from the other side. His side ached and he felt fuzzy, as if he were wrapped in thick cotton batting. He gingerly explored his aching side. There was a tight plaster and windings around his chest. When he moved a little too much, a stab of pain flashed through him. Well I’m alive, that’s something. They must have given me drugs to dull the pain.
A face peered in at him, then disappeared.
“Hey! Hello! Come back!”
The face reappeared and said not unkindly, “What is it?”
“Can you tell me what’s wrong with me?”
“I’ll get one of the nurses, she’ll tell you.” The face disappeared again.
In a few minutes a matronly woman in a nurse’s uniform appeared. “I see you’re up. How do you feel?” She grabbed his hand and took his pulse.
“What’s wrong with me?”
She took up his chart and scanned through it. “We took a piece of shrapnel out of you. No major damage but you lost a lot of blood so we’ll have to keep you until you get your strength back.”
“Then I haven’t lost my legs?”
“Good God, no!”
“Then why can’t I feel them?”
“I guess the local hasn’t worn off yet. Don’t worry you’ll feel plenty soon enough. Maybe too much and you’ll be asking for more meds.” She straightened his pillow and pulled the sheet up to his chin.
“What day is it?” Suddenly it seemed important.
“The seventh of June, why?”
“It’s my sister’s birthday. She’ll be 25.”
“Well congratulations to her. Now be good, I have to go now.” And she disappeared.
Jordan drifted off and when he awoke he was definitely hurting more. An orderly came by and gave him a bowl of thin soup. “It’s best not to eat too much after an operation.”
“I was operated on?”
“Minimally. To get a piece of metal out of you. Wasn’t much, and wasn’t deep. My name is Ruiz and if you need anything, call.”
Jordan slowly slurped the soup, not because it was good or because he was hungry, but because he knew he must get his strength back. Discovering that his dog tags were gone from his neck he hunted around for them on the bed. Nothing. Ruiz came back to get the bowl.
“Ruiz, where are my dog tags?”
“Humm. Not around your neck? Maybe they took’em off in the OR or while they prepped you. I’ll look around there.”
For the next two days Jordan stayed in the same bed, at each meal getting richer food. Then the nurse came again with the doctor, who took his pulse, looked into his eyes, listened briefly to his chest and had the nurse take a blood pressure reading. “A little on the weak side, but otherwise OK. We can send you to convalescence where they’ll build you back up. Good day, soldier.”
“I’m a sailor, Sir. PT-boats.”
“Good luck to you then, Sailor.” The doctor disappeared. Two orderlies arrived who put him on a gurney, wheeled him outside to a waiting ambulance and loaded him in. The ambulance drove slowly over a rough road and unloaded him by a settlement of tents. He was given a bed, and introduced to his neighbor, “Louis Monteban from New Orleans.”
“Jordan from Oklahoma. What’s wrong with you?”
“A grenade mangled my left foot. They tried to save it but had to amputate when gangrene set in.”
“I’m sorry to hear it.” Then he felt he had to explain his presence. “A piece of AA shell got me in the ribs.”
“Well at least we’re out of the shooting hell and I’m going home. That’s worth a foot, isn’t it?”
“Yes, of course.” Jordan wondered what it was really worth to be out of “it.”
Regularly an orderly came around to check on them. He introduced himself as Otto, sounding foreign.
“Are you German?”
“No, Swiss. You need anything, call for me.” And he disappeared around the partition. By midday it got quite hot. They raised the sides to let some air through, to flush out the strong smell of disinfectant.
Jordan was still uneasy about his missing tags. They had hung around his neck since he entered basics, seemed like a decade ago. It held his unique number and his blood type. How would they know what to transfuse into him should it become necessary?
Later they brought two more injured into their section.
“Ensign Ernest Stillwater, fire control officer off the USS Temperance.” He had bandages over his face and hands.
“Simon Lowell,” said a black man, head wrapped with white bandages giving a startling contrast. “From 6th Marine Division Seabees.”
“I’m Jordan Walker off PT-927... that is, now from PT-941. And this is Louis Monteban from New Orleans. I take it that since we’re in the convalescent unit, we’re all recovering?”
“Yeah, it was touch and go for a while as they didn’t have my blood type, but here I am. Can’t keep a good man down,” Simon said.
“I got flash burns from a kamikaze bomber that exploded over the bridge and rained metal that cut the XO in half,” Ensign Stillwater said, shuddering.
They heard the meal cart coming. “I hope it’s better than yesterday. If not I will...”
“You’ll what?” Simon asked.
“Eat it, because there’s nothing else.” The meal was overcooked beef in soggy potato mash and limp, boiled carrots.
“I see what you mean.” They ate silently, just the spoons clicking, serving as knives and forks as well.
“Listen, do you hear that?” Jordan said, as he lifted his head.
“Here what?” Louis asked.
“The silence. The guns aren’t firing.”
“That’s because we’ve run out of targets. The battleships can’t fire in close support. An 18 inch shell has a kill radius of 100 to 150 yards. You don’t want to be anywhere close to where it lands. The concussion will kill you if the fragments don’t rip you to pieces,” Ernest the fire control officer explained.
“Does that mean we’ve won and it’s over?” Louis asked.
“Not necessarily,” Simon spoke up. “The Japs are dug in deep. They’ve been preparing long for this. There are caves and bunkers all over the islands. We have to go in after them and it’s bloody dangerous because they refuse to give up. Flame throwers work best, but it’s sickening to see a poor bastard turn into a flaming torch even if he is the enemy. They called in the Engineers to dig ’em up, or blow ’em up.”
“I can’t figure these Japs, don’t they know when they’re beaten?” Louis asked.
“They know, but for them the common good takes precedence over the individual good. It’s an honor to die for your country and the Emperor. A sacred duty.” Jordan spoke, remembering all he had learned from Hideki of the warrior creed.
“That’s it exactly. You remember the Jap battleship Yamato? Its mission was to fight its way through our battle lines, beach itself on Okinawa and become a fixed gun platform. This is a war of attrition, the same that’ll greet us on the Japanese mainland. They’re estimating that it will take more than a million American casualties to subdue Japan.”
“How the hell do you know all this?” Louis asked.
“I have friends in Naval Intelligence,” Ernest replied, wincing from shrugging his shoulders.
“We must have a million losses here. I’ve never seen such carnage,” Simon said.
No one challenged him. The losses were staggering, by now everyone knew that.
“Yeah, I thought Iwo Jima was bad, but this is worse, much worse.”

Still later Otto reappeared. He lit up a cigarette and drew the smoke down as if he needed it.
“Hey, you can’t smoke here!” Simon protested.
“Yeah? Who’s to tell?”
“Not me,” Ernest piped up, “but I want one too.” Otto passed him one and lit it.
“Man, I’m having a bad day,” Otto said, lighting up another one from the stub of the first.
“Why?” Louis asked.
“This is supposed to be convalescence, but we had to move nine people back to critical with some mysterious infection. The nurse’s aide will be around, disinfecting everything.”
“Shit! The stuff they use is brutal. Already burned my nose out,” Simon complained.
Jordan had to get up twice during the night and stumble to the latrines. In the morning he woke sweaty, and his incision hurt. When Otto came to take his vitals he had a temperature.
“Oh no, not another one,” Otto groaned. He got two orderlies and they moved Jordan to isolation. He was soon joined by Louis from New Orleans.
“What the hell? Do you know what’s happening?” Louis croaked out.
“I think... we got the bug that’s going around.”
“For Christ’s sake, what bug? They were going to discharge me in two days, put me on a ship back for home. Now I’m sick again? Fucking hell!”
Over the day, Jordan felt increasingly worse. He felt as if he were drowning in disinfectants, but nothing seemed to help. They fed him pills, hooked him up to an IV and a gowned, gloved and masked person looked after him.
Jordan woke in the middle of the night, hearing Louis calling weakly from the next bed. “Jordan... Jordan...”
“What’s wrong?”
“I’m ... I’m not going to make it. I’m burning up and feel weak as a newborn...”
“Don’t talk nonsense. You survived the Japanese, you’ll get over this. Don’t give up!”
“I don’t think so... Everything hurts and... I can’t breathe...” Jordan heard him gasping for air.
“Orderly! Orderly!”
“What’s wrong?” a gowned figure asked.
“Louis here...” Jordan pointed weakly, perspiration beading his face. He, too, was burning up!
They took Louis away and Jordan slipped back into a feverish delirium. He was arguing with his brother who had taken his bicycle without asking. Then crying over his horse Midnight dying of the colic. Mother was baking chicory muffins but she wouldn’t let him have any: “They’re for the church social.” Then he remembered Olson, smoking. “Do they let you smoke in... the afterlife?” “Yeah, sometimes we get five-minute breaks.” Then glimpses of Lila flashed by, holding a child. His son? Or daughter? Then there were planes falling out of the sky, and Hideki was in the air, dead or alive? He was on the .30, pulling the trigger but the gun had jammed...
In the morning he came to himself enough to have some liquid gruel that an orderly fed him.
“Is Lila your mother? You were calling for her.”
“No...” he whispered. “She’s my wife...” He glanced over at the next bed, finding it empty. “Where’s Louis?”
“He didn’t make it. I’m sorry.”
“Am I going to die?” he wheezed out in a half-whisper.
“No, of course not,” the orderly said much too loudly. When left alone Jordan slipped back into a feverish restlessness. He was hot and thirsty. He felt lost in a bone-dry desert, crawling on all fours looking for water under a blazing sun. How ridiculous. Just like in the cartoons. But the thirst was real, and he was burning up.
From time to time he came to his senses, only to sink back into a fever-tossed oblivion, haunted by snippets of memory and possibilities. True and untrue, but he didn’t question them, his sense of self disintegrating in the burning heat.
When he woke again, very weak, he was bedsore and felt dirty, sweating out his own filth. He was parched, hungry and very tired of the space of confusion he had just emerged from. He tried to call out, but his tongue was glued to his mouth by mucus. There was somebody on the next bed.
“Louis... Louis...” Jordan croaked out.
His neighbor stirred, but it wasn’t Louis but a black man. “Simon...”
“Nah, Raymond.”
“Are you dying too?”
“No buddy, we both made it. Your fever broke I was told and you have a chance of full recovery.”
“Really?” Jordan wasn’t sure if this wasn’t one of his fever induced visions. He had never seen this man before. Perhaps he was sent to lie to him... to deceive him. Who would do that? “The Devil,” he heard Pastor Johnson from back home say clear as day. He shook that off too.
The orderly came by and gave him water. He drank, finishing two full glasses.
“I see we’re feeling better.”
“How long have I been out?”
“You were comatose for 5 days.”
“What’s the date?”
“The 21st of June.” Jordan couldn’t believe it. The last time he remembered was around his birthday. Where had the time gone?
He looked at his neighbor. “While I was under,” Jordan said, “I dreamed a lot of shit. Is the President dead or not?”
“FDR? Yeah he’s gone. Truman’s president now.”
“You don’t say! And Okinawa?”
“We won, but it cost us dearly. There are no official figures out but rumors have it near 80,000 casualties. The Japanese suffered worse, but we’ve captured more prisoners than ever, mostly local conscripts pressed into military service. And there are still soldiers out there disguised as civilians. The locals were badly mauled too. It’s said that fully one third of them are gone. No one, not us, not the Japanese ever took any care of them.”
“How do you know all this?”
“I’m with Army Intelligence. Washington wants reasons for our losses, something to tell the American public to justify the effort.”
“War’s a bitch...” Jordan muttered. A male nurse came and wiped Jordan down with a wet cloth, leaving him refreshed.
Although Jordan was physically improving daily, it took him longer to come out of the lethargy that had settled on his mind. He asked for paper and pen and wrote a rambling letter to Lila, informing her of his improving condition. An orderly posted it for him, but didn’t find any letters for him.
It took five more days to recover enough to leave the tent and begin cautious exercise. He walked using a walking stick for support, resting often. He was given a book and he read it, but could retain little of it. His mind didn’t want to grasp anything. The fever must have done that.
Daily, people were evacuated, some to Luzon and some to Australia. A few back to Hawaii and the States. Some of the tents were dismantled, and put on board a ship. For the first time Jordan walked out of the compound and around the fishing village that had mostly survived on the fringes of the battle. There were MP’s on every corner and the population went about stoically ignoring the foreigners.
Slowly the waters around the island emptied of warships as the fleet repositioned for the expected push on mainland Japan. Around the hospital canteen there was much talk. “If it costs us so many men to take a small island what will it cost to take the homeland?”
Jordan went to the military post office and asked for mail. The clerk searched through his lists but shook his head, not finding any.
“Your mail is probably chasing your unit around. Hard to say where it is now.”
In two more weeks he felt strong enough to go to Operations to ask about his unit. He found they had been posted to Yoron Island about 20 miles north of Okinawa. He asked for transport and was told to come back next day for specific instructions.
Feeling guilty, Jordan spent the day writing letters. One long letter to his parents, telling them as much of the truth as he thought would get past the censors. Then he wrote to Lila, telling her how much he missed her, and how much he was looking forward to the end of the war so he could marry her. He told her about life in Oklahoma, the farm, more about his family and the community of Walkerton. As he put words to his feelings he was filled with deep longing for her. He tried to imagine her life growing up, the tragedies that beset her family and her life among the Sea Peoples. He realized how alien that all was to his own experiences.
At 7:30 in the morning, Jordan was at the assignment desk again. The clerk shuffled through his papers, saying to him, “Tomorrow a flying boat is going to Yoron, be on it, because nothing else is scheduled until next week.” He scribbled a transport voucher and handed it to Jordan.
At daybreak Jordan was at the dock, asking to board the two engine flying boat sitting on the water. One of the crew let him on and assigned him to a fold-down seat. They were still loading mail and medicines in the back. The rise and fall of the waves rocked the boat gently and Jordan soon fell asleep. When he awoke, there were others, just settling in.
Jordan turned to the nearest and introduced himself. “Jordan Walker, PT-boat gunner’s mate.”
“Sloan Holman, assistant navigator assigned to USS Halibut. Do you know the ship?”
“No. You going to Yoron?”
“I think everyone here is.” There were six others in the forward compartment.
“Do you know when we’re leaving?”
“When a marine Colonel or General gets here, I suppose.”
Jordan noted the crisp appearance of the uniform the other was wearing. “First assignment?”
“Yes. Last week I was still in Annapolis, graduating. Looks like I missed the big battle here.” There was a wistful tone in his voice.
“I’d say you were lucky, most everybody here would agree.” Jordan remembered distantly how it was on the first day in the theater of war, itching to get into battle and become a veteran. “How are things back home?”
“War news for breakfast, lunch and supper. Everybody has or knows somebody fighting in this war. There’s much to do about the home front. Buy bonds to finance the war, attend rallies and of course, rationing. But it’s a good time to be single. With so many men away, there are loads of women and girls competing for the remaining males.”
“What about politics and government?”
“Not the same since FDR died. People don’t think Truman has the balls to be bold or strong. Just when we need someone tough to finish this war, we get a salesman who couldn’t sell.”
The Marine Colonel arrived with a small staff, settled in and the flight crew readied the plane for takeoff. The roar of the engines made conversation nearly impossible. The plane headed into the waves, picking up speed. Shortly they were in the air, buffeted by a light wind. Jordan drifted off for the 25 minutes the flight took, then they were landing into choppy water. The flying boat tied up, and let the passengers disembark.
Decrypting a confused jumble of signs, Jordan found his way to PT HQ. He didn’t know the Navy sergeant on the front desk.
“Jordan Joshua Pierce Walker reporting back for duty, Sir.”
“Back from where?”
“From hospital. Request reassignment to PT-941, Sir.”
The Sergeant looked in his ledger, found the page for PT-941 and with his finger scanned down the list of the crew. “Who did you say you are?”
“Jordan Joshua Pierce Walker, Sir. Gunner’s mate second class.” For good measure he rattled off his dog tag number.
“I don’t have you here, as gunner’s mate or anything else,” the sergeant said frowning, making it obvious he didn’t like mysteries.
“I served under Lieutenant Toller with Exo Fremont on the PT-941 before I got wounded at Okinawa. Spent nearly three months in hospital. But now I’m ready for active duty again.”
“I know Toller and Fremont but I still don’t have you. 941 has a full complement of officers and men, no need for anyone else.”
“Have I been reassigned?”
“It’s strange that I don’t have you. If what you say is true, then you should be here in my book on the injured list.” He tapped the ledger with his forefinger, looking at Jordan for an explanation. Jordan could only shrug his shoulders. “Well, let’s see if we have you around Okinawa.” He turned the pages back a month. “Aha!” his finger stopped. “Here it is. Jordan Walker wounded by AA shrapnel back in June.” He turned the pages. “June 15... still wounded, 18 still in hospital...” Then his finger froze and his expression turned blank. With eyes grown disturbingly large, he said, “It says here you died. ‘Died of his wounds on June 19th and buried in plot 1537 on Tokashi Island Military Cemetery in the Okinawa District,’ countersigned by grave registry and notification.” The sergeant’s voice tailed off, his eyes fixed on the official “dead” man.
Jordan was struck speechless. How could that have happened? He was maybe close to death, but not actually... The dog-tags went missing... Must have ended up with someone else...
“But I’m not dead!” he burst out when he finally regained his voice.
“I can see that, but I also see that as far as the Navy’s concerned, you’re dead and buried. A telegram has gone to your family telling them that.” Oh shit!!! This was turning into a nightmare. His folks already had one MIA and now a KIA notification. What a fuckup!
“How can this be??” The sergeant just shrugged.
“Do me a favor. Get killed and save me a ton of paperwork,” the sergeant said unfeelingly. He started to look in Navy Regulations to see what he had to do. He puzzled at it for 10 minutes, then snapped it shut. “Hell with this! Let’s go see your CO and get a statement of verification from him.”
They walked to the beach, and onto the long plank dock where the PT-boats were moored. They walked past PT-914, PT-933, PT-893 and onto PT-941. Tillman jumped from deck, staring bug-eyed at Jordan.
“Jesus! You’re supposed to be dead.”
“What the hell??!” Smiley turned up. “Tell me you’re a ghost... that’s more believable.”
“Where’s the CO?” the sergeant demanded.
“In the chartroom,” Smiley said. “Let me get him. This is too good to miss.” He disappeared. In half a minute he was back with the CO and the Exo.
“What in blazes is going on?” the CO demanded, then his eyes found Jordan and took a second to recognize him. “You’re either Walker or his identical twin. Tell me which?”
The Exo was more welcoming. “Good to have you back, Jordan. It stuck in my craw that we didn’t get to bury you. Now I’m really glad.” The whole crew surrounded Jordan and wanted to see if he was real.
“Jordan, you’re one lucky guy, you died then came back to life. It’s close to a miracle,” Tillman said.
The sergeant got the statement that he needed from the CO. “I don’t know what to do with him. Officially he’s still dead until all the paperwork goes through to resurrect him.” He scratched his chin coming to a resolution. “Lt. Toller, I leave him in your care. And if anyone owes him money, drop him into the water, remember that he’s dead already.”
“Sure, we can always use an extra hand,” the Exo said, seeing the sergeant onto shore.
Once things settled down Jordan asked Tillman, “What’s new?”
“Nothing. It’s the same old shit. We’ve become taxis and messengers for the big boys. Rear Admiral Blake is old-school and doesn’t think much of us with our peashooters. The closest we come to any action is when a Jap plane comes over and we get to shoot at it.”
Later in the wardroom, Jordan was drinking coffee with Tillman and George.
“I’m sure glad you’re back. Your replacement Toby is an OK guy, but he can’t handle the .30. The safest place is behind him... so always stay behind him or he’ll shoot your balls off or something. The Exo says he’ll learn, but who can wait?”
“Yeah. The kamikazes come daily now, looking for something to crash into. And if they don’t find anything bigger in the harbor they have a go at us. We shot one down the other day, but it came much too close for comfort.”
“I don’t understand the Japanese thinking here. To sacrifice trained pilots like that,” Tillman said.
“It’s a desperate action of last resort. Though they don’t see it like that. They don’t or can’t believe that the war is lost, but they’re running out of planes and ships. They think they’re better than us, and will win in the end, regardless of what the arithmetic adds up to,” Jordan said.
“How come you know so much about the Japanese?” George asked, frowning.
“I shared a place with one, and one learns.”
“If an officer asked me to commit suicide for whatever cause, I would send him to hell personally,” George declared hotly.
“I think that the Japanese value duty and self-sacrifice very highly. They spend their whole life preparing to test their mettle. They see it as a point of honor and a fulfillment of their destiny.”
“You do sound as if you admire them,” Tillman said.
“I admire that they have a vision of common good that trumps individual self-interest. They believe in something greater than themselves, call it the Empire, the Emperor or Bushido. We respect self-sacrifice in our heroes. The fact is they believe in it. What do you believe in, George?”
“I? I believe in mother and apple pie. The Flag, the Constitution... I don’t know… Capitalism. Every person should have the right to become rich.” Then he slammed his tin cup down on the small table. “What I don’t believe in is getting in a plane and throwing my life away.”
“I don’t either,” Jordan said. “If you survive, you live to fight another day. And I certainly do not believe in making self-sacrifice the central point of one’s life. Somehow the Japanese have mandated it.”
George walked off, not giving an inch.
“I didn’t realize what a moralist you are,” Tillman said.
“I didn’t either. I didn’t use to be. The war changed all that. Twice now I was nearly killed and that made me think differently about life and death. We’re so vulnerable facing this storm of steel. We and the Japanese.” He finished his coffee. “When I think about it, I envy George’s single-minded outlook; he’s not beset by any doubts or the moral indignation I sometimes wrestle with.”
“But you do want to win this war?”
“Assuredly. I, too, believe in mother and apple pie, baseball and the Flag.” He stood up. “With that I’m off to bed while Toby’s on duty.”
The first thing next morning he wired his parents that he was alive and not to believe anything else. He was sorry about the shock the confusion had caused and asked that they pray for him. He also wrote to Lila a short note, promising to write a longer letter soon.

It took several days for Jordan to fit into the routine again. He was assigned to the front-side .50 turret, and he practiced tracking friendly planes across the skies. While on duty, a Japanese plane showed only once at the far end of the harbor and he didn’t even get off a shot.
PT-941 spent most of the time on patrol, on lookout for enemy submarines. As the most forward outpost of the American presence so close to Japan, they felt very much under the gun. Onshore Jordan visited Records daily to see if he had been found and resurrected by the system. Each time he was told no, the system was not in any great hurry. He soon got the feeling that the War Office preferred to have him dead and safely buried.
The days of July slipped into August and there was much talk of the coming invasion. Where and when seemed to be the only question, hotly debated in the wardroom.
“I think we should attack the southernmost point and then push north,” Tillman argued.
“I think we should hit at the narrowest point and cut the island in half,” Smiley said.
“And fight on two fronts? Look what a mess the Germans were in by the end, pressed both in the east and the west.”
“I think we should go for the heart, Tokyo, and rip it right out,” George said in his usual harsh tone. “I been hankering to ram the mike down Tokyo Rose’s throat. She’s been lying her ass off all this time.”
“What do you think?” Tillman asked Jordan who had been brooding quietly.
“I think that whatever we do, we’ll lose too many men. I understand that we have no choice, the situation has long passed the point of anything diplomatic, but it’ll hurt.”
“You’re just a real weepy boy, aren’t you?” George said. “We have to win this war, whatever it takes.”
“I agree, I just hope it takes less,” Jordan replied, trying to put an end to this pointless discussion. “I shudder to think of the telegrams from the War Office being delivered all across America. I think of the families grieving.”
“I lost a brother in Europe,” Tillman said quietly. “And it nearly killed my parents. I have to survive for their sakes.”
“Did he die on D-Day?” Smiley wanted to know.
“What difference does it make?” Tillman asked, irritated. “But for your information, Sean died on a no-account hillside in Sicily and was buried there. After the war I have to go there to see for myself.”
A short quiet followed. Everyone had lost somebody, a member of the family, a friend or a comrade. There were grave sites in distant places. Jordan thought of whoever was buried in a grave with his name on it.
“Speaking of the dead,” Smiley perked up. “We already have a dead guy serving on board.” He looked at Jordan, who made a face.
“True,” George said. “I just wish he’d be less of a Jap lover.”
“Who’s a Jap lover? Not me.” He rose to his feet and breathed heavily in George’s face. “If I had Tojo here I’d slaughter him with my .50.”
“All right people. Break it up and man your posts,” the Exo called down from the chartroom. “We’re going to make a sweep north of the island.”

Together with PT-933 they went north guarding the main channel that a submarine could use to get near. Raised up on planes, the boats rushed over the surface, drawing white lines in the water with their prop wash. On deck, Jordan sat in the crow’s nest of his .50, squinting into the wind.
The sea was smooth, with a peculiar sheen, not blue, almost black, trapping all hues beneath its mirror-like surface. There was not a ripple, except for the wake of PT-933 that was leading PT-941 and PT-899 following. Jordan was straightening out his back from the stiffness of sitting motionless for so long, his shift coming to an end. On time, Cody came and tapped him on the shoulder.
“What’re you doing here?” Jordan asked. Cody, the medic and spare cook, was rarely seen topside.
“The Exo wants me to practice handling the guns in case of… that he didn’t tell me.”
Jordan hooked Cody into the harness and quickly ran through the introduction to the gun.
“Don’t bother, I shot this baby plenty of times in basics,” Cody said. His handling did show a familiarity. Jordan turned and headed for the hatch on the bridge.
Just then PT-941 cut sharply to the right, sending Jordan flying in the opposite direction. “Christ!” he said, fighting to regain his balance but the tilt of the deck accelerated him to the left, and he was going to go right over the edge into the water. “Mary, Mark and Joseph…!” He struggled to stop himself, but the boat kept turning right and he kept stumbling left. In the last possible moment, he grabbed the trumpet cowling of the engine air intake, and somehow managed to save himself just a step short of the edge. He hung on as the boat straightened out and he could straighten up again. 
“Fuck!!” he yelled, trying to settle his stomach that was hammering like a jackhammer. He stumbled forward, practically throwing himself into the protected confines of the bridge, breathing heavily.
“Sorry Jordan,” the Exo said. “PT-933 cut sharply right and we had to follow. The helmsman should have yelled a warning… but didn’t. Good you could hang on.” Yeah or it would be a man-overboard drill again, Jordan thought sourly.
Inside the wardroom Tillman asked, “Are you all right? You’re white as if you’ve seen a ghost.”
“The boat… the boat just about pitched me overboard.”
“That happened to me once,” Smiley jumped in. “One minute I was on deck, the next in the water spitting salt. Luckily a shipmate saw me go over and the boat came back for me… otherwise I would have turned into fish bait.”
“Jesus, Jordan. You have to watch every moment and anticipate…” Tillman said.
“Anticipate is good. Look at Cookie. His plates were spilling from their rack and he grabbed for them, dropping the cups he was already holding…” Smiley was smiling for once.
It took a while for Jordan to settle down. He thought he had sea legs and was shaken up that the boat could surprise him so easily.
Every day they returned to dock, Jordan went to see if he had any mail. Each time he was turned away disappointed. Why was there no answer? Certainly his parents knew by now. And why was Lila still silent?

The PT was tight against the tender taking on supplies. First the perishables for the kitchen: ice cream, real eggs, fresh carrots and new potatoes. Not a great amount as they had very limited refrigeration. The bulk of the stuff came in cans that only needed reheating. A boxful of orange concentrate, 4 bars of soap and 6 towels.
“Shoe polish and flea powder?” Tillman demanded. “Where do they think we are? We go around more native than the natives.”
As last came a freshly painted Mark-13 torpedo to trade for the one that was suspect after being exposed for so long to the salty spray. That was the official excuse, the fuel had leaked away. The fact was that the whole fleet of PT’s was prone to this problem. The new torpedo was carefully lowered by the crane. Jordan took the back end, guiding it into position on the rack.
“This is so much easier than loading a 21 inch tube with Mark VIII’s. It took the whole crew to do that. Here we just set it down into the cradle and strapped it in. Hell you don’t even need to fire it like the old torpedoes, you just flick this switch and pull this lever to have it roll off. The engine starts as soon as it hits the water and goes off at 40 knots. The damn things are also more reliable; it’s rare to find a dud.”
The Exo came and took a look, making sure everything was secure. As last, came a bottle. Jordan took it out of the basket and looked at it quizzically.
“What is it?” he asked.
“Torpedo fuel. So many torpedoes failed to reach their targets because they ran out of fuel after the crew milked them for their juice, that someone in Quartermaster Corp figured it’d be better just to give people some.”
“Isn’t that against regulations?” Jordan asked.
“Sure, but on the end of the supply line, who cares? Regulations work in Pearl, but out here, we all cut corners.”
Jordan, who had been forced back in Melville to learn regulations of proper military conduct, really regretted the time he wasted on learning them.

With the restocking done, Jordan disassembled the twin .50’s and cleaned them, not because they needed it, but because he had nothing better to do. Sitting on the chartroom roof, Tillman was writing a letter for home. “What’s the date?”
“August 5th,” the Exo replied from the bridge.
“Can I say we’re at Japan’s back door, ready to do some knocking?”
“Nothing tactical or strategic, and most definitely nothing geographical, if you don’t want your letter turned into black. Tell them what good care the Navy is lavishing on you and what a pleasure it is to serve your country. The censors love that. Spread some cheer around back home.”
“Bullshit!” Tillman exploded. “Why the hell can’t we tell the truth?”

The CO came on board. “All right men. Tomorrow we’ll escort some cargo ships returning to Okinawa. I want you to check your weapons, load up on ammo, and get everything shipshape. We start early tomorrow at 6:20, so get as much sleep as you can.”
Later they chugged over to a tanker and topped off their fuel tanks to be able to stay out a couple of days. Jordan took turns sleeping and standing watch. The harbor was quiet, with no sign of any war going on.
“Get this. On shore I talked with some GI’s who fought in Germany, who’ve volunteered to fight against the Japanese. A strange lot. You’d think they’d have had a bellyful of fighting already,” Smiley said.
“Some intend to stay in the army, having gotten so used to taking orders and not having to think for themselves,” Tillman said.
“Yeah, believe it or not, some people are afraid to face civilian life again. There’s so much talk that the war’s end will shut down industry, and there won’t be any jobs to return to,” Smiley said.
“I can fix that. Fire all the women who’ve worked in the factories while their men were away playing at war,” George interrupted.
Suddenly a siren wailed out and everyone ran to their stations. A plane was seen overhead, but it turned out to be a friendly. All clear sounded, but not before someone on one of the other ships had fired a burst into the air, luckily missing the plane.
Jordan found it hard to fall asleep. The bunk was too narrow, with all the stuff crammed into it. Toby was a real packrat who couldn’t resist collecting things. But it wasn’t the confined space that troubled Jordan, it was that he hadn’t yet heard from home or Lila. He couldn’t understand it. It had been days since he wrote to them.
Morning came early, with the Exo shaking them awake. “All right men. Rise and shine. It’s 6:00 am and we gotta get ready. Eat, suit up and then to your stations. We have to be on our way by 6:40.”
Double strong coffee was served with breakfast as they squeezed into the small wardroom. The post that had arrived during the night was distributed. Jordan stared at three letters he had written to Lila returned unopened, marked “unable to locate.” What the hell??! Where was she? He didn’t have long to ponder it, as the engines started warming up.
Jordan climbed into his nest and put on his life jacket and steel helmet. He unwrapped his .50’s and unlocked the pin that secured them. He swung the barrels around to make sure they moved freely. Then he scanned the sky, wondering where the hell Lila had disappeared to.
The CO joined the Exo on deck as they cast off and headed into the bay for the rendezvous. They were joined by PT-933, and Lt. Crossman, the CO, waved to them. Three transports were slow to start and they didn’t reach open water until near 8:00.
“You know what I miss the most? Aside from family, I mean,” the CO said, conversing with the Exo. “Going to the baseball park and seeing the hometown team take on the visitors. They served the best hot dogs from a Czech butcher and a local beer. You sat in the bleachers and cheered your team on. There was no politics, no talk of war, no work, just the pleasure of a lazy afternoon out with friends.”
“We only had a football team in town, the Zebras. And on Saturday mornings they played. They weren’t much good but the whole town was there to cheer or jeer at them.”
The helmsman was English. “We had a soccer team, but we call it football. And while the teams fought on the pitch, the spectators fought in the stands. And it wasn’t considered a real victory unless both battles were won. And afterwards off to the pub to drink ourselves silly.”
Jordan listened in, wondering what he would have said. Walkerton had both baseball and football teams and Lacrosse besides. None of them amounted to much and were regularly beaten by bigger communities around them.
“Sir, Sir!” the navigator popped up from the chartroom. “We lost the radio. All I can raise is static. Everything seems garbled and I can’t make any sense of it.”
“Is the antenna all right?” the Skipper asked.
“It was working fine a minute ago.”
“Well maybe you blew a tube.”
“No Sir. The radio’s working fine. I checked and rechecked it. Something’s wrong with the air... maybe too much static electricity.”
“Well go back down and see if you can filter it,” the CO snapped out.
“Yes, Sir!” The navigator disappeared below.
“What do you make of it?” the CO asked the Exo.
“Don’t know. Clark is usually a reliable man. If he says the radio’s OK, I believe him.” They resumed their talk this time about Operation Downfall, the invasion of Japan.
“The thing about us, being what we are, we don’t have to go ashore and fight toe to toe with the Japanese. They’ll be dug in, and we’ll see casualties, twenty times what we had on Okinawa.”
“I hope not. I got a brother who survived Europe, now the fool’s volunteered for the war in the Pacific. I’d fear for him.”
“Sir.” The navigator was back, head and shoulders sticking out of the hatch. “The air’s cleared. But there’s a lot of coded chatter going on. We’ve been told to stay off the air, to leave it clear for other traffic.”
“What? What do you make of it?”
“Don’t know. But it’s happening on a lot of frequencies. All coded. All interruptions are told to stay off.”
“What the hell could it be?”
“Something big, would be my guess,” the Exo said, shaking his head. “Very hush hush if we haven’t heard of it.”
“You don’t suppose we’ve invaded Japan?”
“Not likely without the fleet. Perhaps a large air raid on Tokyo.”
“There was lot of traffic on frequencies the Air Force typically use,” the navigator volunteered.
“Well, it’s no use guessing.” the CO decided. “Go below and listen in, see if you can figure it out.” The navigator again disappeared.
“It must be a massive firebombing of Tokyo by B-29’s just like on May 26th. Something like that would account for it.”
“But you’d think we’d be warned and told to be prepared to pick up downed pilots, wouldn’t you?”
“Apparently not.” The two officers lapsed into silence. Jordan, sitting a scant two feet away, heard every word. The tension in the voices got Jordan worrying about Lila. What could be happening? And how would it affect her? Where was she?
Minutes later, the navigator popped up. “Still lot of chatter, most of it in code. The only thing clear is Hiroshima; it keeps coming up.”
“What about it?” the CO asked impatiently.
“I don’t know. There’s a port Hiroshima on Japan’s Inland Sea. Maybe something’s happening there.”
“Got to be an air raid,” Exo said. “B-29’s from the Marianas.”
“So what? We’ve had air raids before. Why should this one be so special? Got to be something else. Go listen some more.”
There was a tense silence on the bridge. The Skipper was bristling with frustration. Maybe he thinks he’s been left out of something big. Jordan thought.
The nearest cargo boat flashed at them. The Exo trained his binoculars on them.
“What do they want?” the CO asked, out of sorts.
“They want to know what’s up.”
“Tell’em we don’t know.”
“Yes Sir,” the Exo replied, activating the signal lamp. In a series of long and shorts the messages flew back and forth. “He knows nothing either.”
“This thing’s really starting to bug me.” The CO tried to stride on the bridge but there was hardly any room.
In fact nothing new was heard until they docked at Naha, Okinawa. The place was abuzz with rumors.
“Hiroshima’s been bombed, that’s all we know with any certainty,” the information officer said in the Harbor Master’s office. The place was full of navy personnel all wanting information. Jordan had a hard time keeping a bit of space for himself.
“What’s the big deal about that?” someone in the crowd asked, expressing what they all felt.
“Well, there are rumors that Hiroshima was erased by one bomb.”
“One bomb? Whose idea of a joke is this? There’s no bomb big enough to destroy an entire city.”
“I’m just telling you what I’ve heard,” the information officer maintained, his face turning red.
“Well, somebody’s lying to you. Maybe this is a cover story to hide the real thing. But do they think we’re that stupid to swallow a cockamamie story like that?”
In the end the officer had to call in the MP’s to clear the room. All that did was to spread the rumors further. Have you heard, Hiroshima obliterated by one bomb? Ridiculous!
In the canteen people were debating this puzzle. “What kind of bomb could do that?”
“An A-bomb.”
“What’s an A-bomb?” No one knew.
“Whatever it is, it’s not a B-bomb,” someone suggested facetiously.
The general consensus was that the whole thing was a propaganda gimmick, dreamed up by Madison Avenue.
Two days later confirmation arrived from Washington in the form of an official news release that a bomb was indeed dropped on Hiroshima that had effectively demolished the center of the town.
“The center of the town is not the whole town,” Smiley protested.
“One mile radius of total destruction with 70 percent of the city affected directly by the blast, followed by an intense firestorm.” Tillman rattled off the details that had been made known. “I think that qualifies as total, don’t you?”
Jordan was appalled. Estimates of death as yet unknown but expected to be close to or exceeding 100,000. What kind of bomb was this?
“This is no longer war against the military of Japan, this is a direct attack on the civilian population,” Jordan said, thinking that this one A-bomb had wiped out the equivalent of the whole of Oklahoma City in terms of numbers.
“I knew it!” George jumped on his words. “This bleeding heart pacifist would rather see us lose the war than win it!”
“Stuff it George! Or by God I’ll shove an A-bomb up your ass!” Jordan balled his fists and was close to exploding over the hillbilly redneck.
“Where did we get this bomb?” Tillman asked.
“More importantly, how many do we have?” Carter the navigator asked.
“I hope to hell enough to bomb Japan into surrendering!” George exclaimed. “Drop one on Tokyo.”
“God damn it, George. We are talking about women and children. Have you no sense of humanity in you?”
“If it saves American soldiers’ lives, then I say drop it and be done with it. Or would you like to shoot them one by one? Look at Okinawa, the civilians often fought us as tenaciously as the regulars. Don’t you think they’d be just as tough protecting the heartland of their beloved Empire?” Jordan had no answer for that: he hated to admit it but George had a point. But so many noncombatants?
George frowned on Jordan. “Sometimes I have to wonder whose side you’re on.”
“I’m on our side!” returned Jordan hotly. “But it doesn’t mean that everything is right and the only thing that matters is victory. I don’t want to lose our humanity.”
“Fuck humanity! Did we attack Pearl Harbor? They started this war. Look what they did in the Massacre of Nanking. They’re the criminals not us. They have to be stopped.”
“Yes, we have to see this through, but not at all costs.”
“What the hell??! Don’t you want to survive? Save yourself?”
“Yes, I want to save my body, but I also want to save my soul.”

Next morning they woke to the news that Russia, who had refused to get into war with Japan, now had declared war on it and moved into Manchuria.
“The bastards want to collect the fruits of our efforts,” Tillman complained.
“Yeah. Now that the war’s almost over they want a piece of our pie,” Smiley added his indignation.
“I hate to point out that the war is not over,” the Exo said mildly.
“Good as,” George declared triumphantly. “We keep bombing them until nothing’s left. That would be OK with me.” Jordan crossed eyes with him, but decided to say nothing to fan the flames of passion that dominated the mood.
“Hey Clark, get up here. The radio’s going crazy again,” the CO called down.
Clark disappeared behind his headphones. His face was ashen when fifteen minutes later, he reappeared. “It’s happening again,” he mumbled.
“What is?” The Exo turned to him, noting the man’s shocked expression.
“Just like the other day, a large volume of coded traffic, again on the Air Force channels. You don’t suppose they dropped another bomb?”
“How would I know?” the CO snapped irritably. “Get back on the set and bring me something concrete.” Clark disappeared.
The rest waited in tense expectation. Was it bomb number two? And if so, how long could the Japanese hold on and not blink? There was a feeling that the war was over. Some were already thinking of home.
“Man I hope it’s another atomic bomb. I want to go home, see my children and be a husband and father again,” Sims, visiting from PT-733, said.
“Don’t get the cart in front of the horse,” Exo said, afraid that if all this didn’t turn out as everybody wished, he would have a big morale problem on his hands.
Clark stuck his head in again. “It’s been confirmed by Pacific Fleet Command out of Hawaii that a second A-bomb has been dropped on the port city of Nagasaki, on the southernmost end of Japan.”
“I know where Nagasaki is,” the Skipper said. “Been there myself. Before the war. The navy had a small mission there keeping an eye on Japanese naval growth and development. I was there three months. I don’t know much about the place as we never mixed with the locals.” Then he frowned. “There wasn’t much there worth bombing.”
“I hear the drumbeat of victory,” George was singing. “Every boom is my ticket home.”
Bit by bit more news came in, describing the awesome power of these atomic bombs and the extent of destruction they caused. It seemed that President Truman had revealed the weapon’s lethal effectiveness. Jordan realized that the failed haberdashery salesman that a lot of people had thought spineless, had made a tough call and ordered these bombings.
There was considerable discussion on how these new weapons worked.
“It releases energy by splitting the nuclei of certain heavy elements,” the Exo quoted from some unnamed source.
“What the hell is that? According to my understanding an atom is the smallest piece of any matter. How can it have so much destructive energy?” Tillman asked, and everyone awaited an answer.
“I don’t know how to explain it. You have to be a scientist to understand it. All I know is that Hitler was working on it, to put atop rockets and sink Britain with these infernal things and then use submarines to come after us in America. It seems we got there first, God be thanked.”
“I don’t care how it works, only that it works,” George rejoiced. “Finally we have a real weapon, so that we don’t have to take bullshit from anyone.” Jordan frowned at these words so carelessly spoken and George turned on him. “Or do you think something different?”
“These are fearsome weapons. And it’s good that we have them. But think about it. Other scientists will build some, now what we have shown the way, and threaten us with them. Do you want to live in a world like that?”
“I don’t care. It’s clear that this war’s over and that’s the only thing that concerns me.”
In the following days there was intense expectation that a third bomb would be dropped. It depressed Jordan, and when not on duty, he crawled into his bunk and worried about Lila. Where was she? Where did she disappear to?
He finally got a letter from home and though it was mostly black, he got the gist that they were ecstatic that he was alive. It ended with, “Take good care of yourself, with much love Mom and Dad.”
Jordan had written to the base commander in Port Moresby asking for help to locate Lila. He could give little biographical detail about her because she had not found it worthwhile to tell him and aside from a few points, had remained silent about it. As yet Jordan was waiting for a reply.
Several days slipped by with no other news. Of course there were rumors. Everything seemed possible. There had been a putsch, the military government was overthrown, and no one knew anything about the Emperor.
Jordan was sleeping in his bunk, when Tillman shook him awake. “Jordan wake up. Emperor Hirohito just broadcasted a capitulation announcement to the Japanese public. He’s ordered the nation and the military to cease all hostilities.”
“Does this mean that the war’s over??!” Jordan banged his head on the top bunk as he straightened himself in surprise.
“Not quite. The final documents need to be signed. But it means, Buddy-boy, that we’ve survived. Let me tell you there were occasions when I thought I wouldn’t. But here we are on the threshold of peace.”
“What kind of peace, I wonder? The victors often fight over the spoils.”
“You know I’m beginning to think that George may be right about you. You can’t be happy unless you’re worrying about something. Rejoice that the most destructive war in mankind’s history has finally found an end.”
“You’re right. I should be happy. And I am. I’ll make myself happy.” This was electrifying news! The war that had encompassed the whole world was finally over! He could go home now. But first he must find Lila. Go to Port Moresby and look for her himself.
That night a bottle of 10 year old whiskey was passed around and everyone had a good sip of it. It certainly enlivened a mood that was already high.
“I’m going home! I’m going home!” George danced with so much joy that for the first time Jordan felt a surge of sympathy for him. Whatever else the hillbilly was, he was genuinely homesick.
“What’re you going to do when you get home?” Tillman asked as they were sitting on the bow of the boat, resting elbows on the life raft.
“I don’t know. First I have to find my wife.”
“You’re married? I didn’t know that.”
“Well not officially, I couldn’t get my Commanding officer to sign off on it, but believe me we’re married. And I’m anxious to find her.”
“Did you lose her?”
“Yes. The Navy thought I was dead, and notified her and my parents. From then on she disappeared. I’ve written to Port Moresby but they know nothing. I don’t even know where to start looking for her.”
“What was she doing before you?”
“She was living with the Sea People, but wanted to go to America.”
“Then that’s where I’d look for her, among these, how did you call them, Sea People and failing that, America.”
“Good advice,” Jordan agreed. If things were only that simple. First though, he had to make himself come alive again. Some progress has been made, the initial stages had been completed successfully, and his prints were matched with those on file. But the Navy wanted things in triplicate and paperwork stumbled over paperwork.
“Life is complicated,” Jordan concluded to himself; hardly was one problem cleared when another rose to take its place. As Hideki often said, any progress was one step at a time, often not straight ahead. “The path we choose and the one we take is not necessarily in front of us: one detours around convictions and obligations.”

Chapter 10
On August 28, Jordan received final notification that he was alive again. The War Office had sent a telegram to his parents to confirm this, without apologizing for the wrongful notification that he was dead. He was also awarded the Purple Heart for his wounds.
That was also the day that American armed forces began the occupation of Japan. Jordan celebrated both events by treating his crew mates to an abundance of beer smuggled aboard. For once even George drank to the “official quickening.”

On September 2, PT-941 was in Tokyo Bay within hailing distance of the battleship USS Missouri where the final ceremony took place and General MacArthur accepted the Japanese Instrument of Surrender that formally put an end to the war in the East.
Jordan saw the battleship alive with sailors in dress whites, observing strict military protocol that afforded much respect to the defeated enemy representatives, both military and civilian. Afterward MacArthur gave a rousing speech that expressed hope for both nations and the world in the future.
After the ceremony was over and the crowds had dispersed, the crew of PT-941 took a walk along the quay, gawking at all the Allied warships that had tied up. They came across a Japanese destroyer that had come in the day before to surrender.
“Let’s take a look,” Smiley suggested and he was halfway up the gang plank before anybody could react. Inside they found the ship neat and orderly. “If that doesn’t beat all. I would have trashed the place before I turned it over to the enemy.”
“The Japanese have a different mentality,” Jordan muttered, then swallowed the rest; he didn’t want to start up another war with George.
“I wonder what they’re going to do with this ship and all the other war material?” Smiley asked.
“Scuttle what they can scuttle and sell the rest.” Tillman shrugged.
“Sell to whom?”
“To a friendly nation, others to scrap metal dealers. They’ll salvage the metal and make baby buggies from it.”
“Baby buggies, are you serious?” That was the irony of war. The metal had been collected to make into instruments of war, and now would be disassembled to turn into items of everyday use. Jordan remembered canvassing his neighborhood for aluminum. He had taken all of Auntie’s pots to the collection point and earned himself four tickets to the county fair.
They got lost and ended up in the crew’s quarters. The place was neat, all bunks made, and all uniforms hung up. George walked over to the nearest bunk, ripped the blanket off and flung it to the floor. He walked to the next and did the same.
“What the hell?” Smiley demanded.
“Pisses me off,” George said. “Left as if they intended to come back. I’ll shit on their table and wipe my ass with their pillows...”
“Hey, look at this!” Smiley called. He was holding a rubber bag in his hands.
“What is it?” Jordan asked.
“Well look,” Smiley said leering, as he held the thing for them to see. It was unmistakably a rubber doll with all a female’s attributes.
“That can’t be what I think it is,” George said.
“Sure thing, exactly as you think. This is a love doll. I heard about them in Hawaii, but this is the first time I’ve seen one,” Smiley explained.
“And you figure it really works?”
“You betcha. All you need to do is to blow some air into it or fill it with warm water. She has all the necessary fixings for the task.” He found a duffel bag and stuffed the doll into it.
“What’re you doing?” Tillman asked.
“I’m taking this home with me. My cousin asked for a Samurai sword, but I think he’ll be happier with this.”
“I think it’s perverted,” Tillman muttered.
“Have you noticed something funny? If this were an American ship, all the walls would be covered with pinups. But nothing of that here.” The only things on the bulkheads were portraits of serious men. “Who are they?”
“That’s probably Emperor Hirohito. That’s Tojo and that’s probably a Minister of something,” Tillman guessed.
“And who do you think that is?” Smiley pointed at the picture of a young man with a rising sun headband.
“Beats me. Too young to be anybody real important.” Tillman shrugged.
“My guess is that it’s a kamikaze,” Jordan said, thinking that the young man, hardly more than a boy, had parents, brothers and sisters to miss him.
It took them a while to find their way about. They came across several shrines, quite a wonder, as the ship was crowded otherwise. With a full crew there was little space to spare, but time and space had to be found for worship.
Off the ship they continued on, passing a row of burned-out warehouses that had been bombed. Then came a bit of intact area, and they came across some girls who made eyes at the foreigners.
“Ah, the oldest of all trades,” Tillman said.
That got Smiley excited and he made for the girls. “I want to improve my Japanese,” he called back. They watched as he made contact and language barrier or not, disappeared with one of the girls inside the building.
“I thought we weren’t supposed to fraternize,” Tillman said somewhat disapprovingly.
“Who’s going to tell?” George asked. “As far as I care to know, he’s learning Japanese.”
It didn’t take long for Smiley to reemerge. He had a smirk on his face and was glad to answer any question about the sexual mores and practices of the Japanese, of which he was now an expert.
That night, the Exo came into the wardroom and wanted to have a look at the love doll. Smiley proudly obliged.
“They have no hair down there,” the Exo said, seemingly shocked.
“No, they don’t, even in real life,” Smiley crooned, which led to a round of discussion of what people had heard about the Japanese. Jordan kept out of it.
Tillman and Jordan walked the city as often as allowed, gaining a fair sense of the waterfront and beyond. It was unreal to behold the land and people that had been their target for so long. This was the home nest of the enemy, the bastion of defiance from which all aggression had radiated outward to extend the boundaries and influence of the Japanese Empire. The dream of The Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere, that Japan had tried to impose on its neighbors, had turned into a nightmare. But this was the end and... perhaps a new beginning.
Jordan found it hard to look into the faces of the civilians and not think of the thousands who had perished in the bombing of two great cities. Their first foray into mainland Japan had taken them past Nagasaki where they went on a small detour to see the devastation. From the sea, the city was just a scar, a burn mark: what the bomb didn’t destroy, the fire afterwards did. It was hard to see details in the sameness of the ruin but some attempts were being made to free up the roadways and clear away the debris. According to reports, parts of the city had survived, protected by the hilly topography. It was a matter of luck where you were if you survived. It was also reported that 13 POW’s died, but 26 had made it, proving again the blind roulette of war.
The people were wooden, following the orders of their Emperor, giving the occupiers no cause to take issue. It was impossible to see in their faces the defeat they had suffered. Jordan was surprised how many Japanese that he met spoke good English, especially in civic positions of authority, something that would serve them well in dealing with the occupying Americans. And the new power needed the collaboration of local leadership and tried to get along with them. In many places the structure of local government stayed the same, providing some stability in these hard times.
Most big cities, especially the ones with manufacturing potential that had been bombed, suffered extensive damage, and there was a great shortage of housing. People made do with primitive shacks, walking a quarter mile for a clean water source. As the sewers were also destroyed, there was the unpleasant odor of human waste in the air everywhere.
Some days later the crew was given the day off. Jordan, Tillman, Smiley and George went ashore to sightsee. It proved depressing to walk among the ruins. The Japanese people they passed refused to look at them or acknowledge them other than to step out of their way. And if they looked, they looked right through a person as if not seeing them. George was crowing, “That’s right, you bastards. There is a new sheriff in town, just looking for an excuse to stomp on you...”
“That’s not what MacArthur promised,” Jordan objected. “We’re to show respect for our defeated enemy.”
“Screw that! He had to say that. It was only political double-talk.”
“You know what? You’re one ignorant bastard! The seeds of the next war are in this one. How we behave now, the decision we make to deal with the present, will decide our future.”
“You Commie boot-licker! You’re always so ready to sell our hard-won victory down the river.”
Jordan was ready to jump down George’s throat, but Tillman interposed, “Hey, the war’s been fought, we don’t have to re-fight it. Let’s enjoy that we’re all here, in one piece.” Then he shook his head. “You know this has been too quick. Just two weeks ago we were dreading having to fight our way through this island, and then two bombs and it’s all over. Sometimes I think that I must be dreaming, it’s so unreal. I am just glad that I’m alive.”
“Yeah. Same here,” Smiley chipped in. “And when I look at all these peaceful people around us, I can’t believe how hard they fought us. They’re a head shorter than any of us. Yet I saw what they can do in Iwo Jima and Okinawa. I’m glad we used the bomb on them. I lost friends in this damned war, friends I’ve known all my life. I’m with George on this. We could easily be on the bottom of some bay, victim of a kamikaze attack.”
When they ventured into a neighborhood that was untouched by the war, Jordan was amazed how neat everything was. Carefully tended gardens graced the forecourt and the houses had elegant simplicity. Occasionally they glimpsed people outside, who, at the first sign of the foreigners, disappeared.
“Yeah,” George exulted. “I’ll huff and puff and blow your houses down.”
In three blocks they were back into devastation again, faced with charred remains of houses and the shanty hovels growing out of the ruins. Only children showed any curiosity about the intruders. Other just passed as quickly as they could, eyes averted. Jordan caught himself searching their faces, not seeing any expression in them. No anger, no resentment, nothing. The Emperor had commanded total compliance. There was only silence.
Each face puzzled Jordan. This is or was my enemy... Still he was searching for something. It took him a while to realize that he was looking for Hideki. Nonsense! He lives further north. But Jordan wondered if the pilot had survived; the divine wind had carried off so many of the young, blown away like cherry blossoms in May. Hideki had been good at making a necessity out things that had been foisted on him. It was a sort of mental arithmetic. My enemy friend, my friendly enemy, which was it?
They came upon a vendor pushing a cart; aboard was a charcoal fire and a steaming pot of noodles. People came and bought a bowl and ate it standing up. It was done quickly, in a self-assured manner. Jordan paused before the man, and gestured for a bowl, offering him a US dollar. But the man refused to understand, and soon as he could, moved off, shrugging apologetically.
“Just as well,” George said. “He could easily poison it or spit in it. I would.”
Jordan sensed the barrier: the defeated enemy knew that he was defeated and swallowed the shame of it, but it was there just below the surface. This really bothered Jordan. Why should that be? Because of Hideki? And why should it matter?
He was quiet as he walked, strangely separate from all he saw. What was it? The only thing he could think was that it wasn’t Oklahoma. How irrational! Maybe if he could see Hideki and talk with him, this would all make sense somehow. On the island they had achieved an understanding that spanned their differences—at least enough to give them a bridge to interact and communicate. He decided that he would have to find Hideki if only to see if he was alive.
Next day he asked the CO if he could have a furlough to visit the interior.
“Whatever for?” the CO asked.
“They’ve started to demobilize people. I understand the first wave is to be shipped back to the States next week. I thought that if I’m here, I should look over the countryside. It’s not likely that I’ll ever see it again.”
“Well, suit yourself. We were alerted to return to base on Yoron and be decommissioned; I suppose they’ll fly us home from there. But you have a week, do as you like with it.”
“Thank you, Sir.” The flush of gratitude surprised Jordan, making him aware of just how badly he wanted this leave.
“Where do you intend to go?” Tillman asked.
“Into the interior, to see the Japan that hasn’t yet changed. War, whether in victory or defeat, is like a wind that will transform everything. But mostly we fought so hard to get here, I don’t want to run at the first opportunity without experiencing some of it. You know, we’ll be thinking of this the rest of our lives.”
“You really think so?”
“People will ask. And we’ll ask ourselves. Maybe I’m just looking for a few answers to take home.”
Two days later, Jordan got the necessary travel papers that gave him five days for a leave. It was issued in both English and Japanese.
Jordan hired himself a guide and gave him the assignment to find Hideki Murahashi in Tochigi Prefecture.
“What town?” the guide asked.
“I don’t know. Near Ichi-something,” Jordan said, trying hard to remember what Hideki had said.
“Ichikai? That’s in Tochigi.” The guide tried to be helpful.
“That could be it. But I think he said near it, not in it.”
The guide blinked, his face inscrutable, probably thinking what a stupid foreigner, Jordan imagined, and wondering how we won the war.
“We could drive to Ichikai and ask there. It’s a big city and Murahashi is not an uncommon name.”
“Yes, let’s do that,” Jordan decided. Maybe he was looking for a needle in the haystack, but at least he was looking.
Toshi was a young man eager to earn some real money instead of the sagging Imperial currency. He found them a driver and a car and they were soon on the road. The car was small and noisy, smelling of cheap gasoline, and Jordan found himself jammed into the back seat, hitting his head on the roof as the car bounced around the roads still showing a lot of war damage. It was unreal, that this far from the city, bombs had fallen. Targeting what? Outside the city, the countryside was divided into small fields and a scattering of orchards pockmarked with bomb craters. Jordan asked about that.
“When your bombers were hit, they dropped their load wherever they happened to be and turned back lighter, hoping to make it home,” Toshi said in a flat tone, just stating facts. Two miles further they passed the blackened remains of a bomber that had gouged a wide swath in the soil. Already, however, someone had planted something in the gaping wound.
People were working in the fields, mostly women with a singular lack of men. “Many men died in the war or are interned in, how you say, P-O-W camps,” Toshi said in a deadpan tone; all the same, POW was hard for him to say, reminding Jordan of the disgrace associated with being taken a prisoner. It was deeply ingrained even in civilians. Jordan recalled the horrendous number of civilians on Okinawa who had committed suicide rather than surrender.
They passed through some villages and for the first time, Jordan was aware of many eyes on him and it occurred to him that he probably was the first of the despised enemy they had seen.
“This district is well known for its apricot harvest and famous for its annual festival. Drummers come from all over Japan to compete in the drum competition. And dancers and a processional race carrying portable shrines. In August, they put up large tents to house all the visitors.” Jordan remembered Hideki saying something about it but at the time he hadn’t listened.
A little farther, by a copse of trees Jordan said, “Stop here, please.”
“Why here?”
“I need to visit nature,” Jordan said but saw Toshi didn’t understand, so added, “Have to relieve myself.” The car stopped and Jordan got out, took a few steps into the trees and watered one. He turned, and for a brief instant thought that they might have gone, leaving him in the middle of nowhere with a language he couldn’t understand. To his relief, they were still there and he climbed back inside. They resumed the drive.
Passing the remains of an imposing ruin on the hilltop, Toshi said, “That belonged to a 17th century family who ruled this land.” There was a great sense of pride in his voice.
The war seemed far from this peaceful landscape. Then as they drove along a river, they came across a destroyed railroad bridge. Tortured, twisted girders testified of the violence visited upon them.
“That was only last month. Had the war stopped maybe a week earlier, that bridge would have been saved,” Toshi said in a tense voice. Yes, and maybe had spared 300,000 deaths in two cities. There was no escaping that fact. Having seen Nagasaki, Jordan felt guilty again.
Toshi brooded quietly up front. He and the driver exchanged terse comments and to Jordan’s ears it sounded as if they were arguing, but it was probably the clipped characteristics of the language. The driver honked as he pulled around a horse drawn cart loaded high with hay.
“We are nearly there,” Toshi said. “I’ll ask at the post office about Hideki Murahashi. They should know. But if he was in the military he could be anywhere.” Jordan understood: Probably he’s dead.
They passed through a sizeable town that was mostly untouched by war. “Ichikai,” Toshi said. “We will look at the villages around here and see if we can find Murahashi-san.” 
The road wound around a tree-covered hill, and suddenly they were in sight of a village. “This could be it,” Toshi said after consulting a map. The road narrowed through the village, passing structures that looked to be centuries old. They stopped in front of a stone building and Toshi got out and went inside. Within a few minutes he was back. “There are six families named Murahashi, but only one Hideki who was a pilot. Just a little ways down the road on a side track. It was lucky to find him so easily.”
The car bounced along the rough road, more accustomed to carts than motorized vehicles, before turning off on a path that cut through the grass. They passed a number of farms and stopped in front of a house that looked just like any other. There were brown tiles on the roof and a large verandah in font.
Stiffly Jordan got out. “Wait here,” he said and walked through the garden gate. A small dog came running out of the house, barking energetically. Jordan stopped before the verandah and waited for someone to notice him. No one was in sight and it took a few moments before a 5 year old child came through the door looking curiously up at him. Then a woman appeared, her expression carefully veiled.
“I’m Jordan.” He bowed lightly to her. She kept looking faintly puzzled. If this was Hideki’s place she had to be the wife. What was her name? he struggled to remember. “Ayako,” he said again, bowing lightly to her. He turned toward the child. “Haruki,” and bowed again. “Where is Hideki?”
“Hideki?” she asked, then pointed to the back but made no other move. The dog was sniffing at Jordan’s feet. Undecided, Jordan walked around to the back of the house that overlooked a garden extending a fair ways back. On the far end he saw a man on his knees digging into the earth. Hideki! Jordan’s heart gave a leap. So you survived! Surprised how glad he felt, he lengthened his stride. He was only halfway there when Hideki looked up. His face remained calm as he watched Jordan approach. Within five steps of him Jordan stopped.
“Hideki,” he said, his throat suddenly very dry.
“Jordan Walker,” Hideki said, “I see you have survived.” There wasn’t a trace of emotion in the voice. Jordan wasn’t sure what he expected, but this wasn’t it. The next words proved it. “Have you come to gloat?”
“No! Of course not. I’m just...” What was he just? “I wanted to see if you were all right.”
“And now that you have seen, then what?”
“Then... then I’ll sleep better knowing that you’re alive.”
“Most of me is...” Hideki said, getting awkwardly to his feet. It then became obvious that his left foot was gone, with the ankle. “But don’t worry, I can get around and still be quite useful.”
“I’m sorry...”
“Why? You didn’t do it. But your countrymen did.” His face turned hard. “As they dropped the bombs and killed so many of my people and condemned many more to a lifetime of misery, of sickness and pain. So I ask you again, what do you want?”
“I?” Dare he say it? “I wanted to see if we could be friends. I remember how you helped me back on the island and I wanted to see if I could do something for you now.”
“I don’t need anything. I’ve got my wife, my child, my farm and my animals. What could you do?”
“Perhaps nothing.” Jordan was stung by the rebuff. “Maybe just to see you again and wish you well.”
“Well you have seen me and you have wished me well. What else?”
“I guess that was it,” Jordan said, suddenly feeling very sad. He turned and took three steps, stopped and stared at the ground where a young shoot was trying to raise itself. He turned, his face confused. “I didn’t ask for any of this. Not the war, not the defeats, not the hurts and injuries. Yes, I wanted victory ‘cause there seemed to be no other way. I’m sorry about the bombs. I wouldn’t have dropped them, but they probably saved many lives both on my side and yours.”
“Do you want forgiveness? Do you really expect that?”
“No, that’s something I’ll struggle with on my own. What I really wanted was to see if we can find again what we had on the island when the war was far off and undecided. Remember what we agreed on? Whichever side claimed the island would also gain a prisoner. Yet when the time came, you let me go... and more, you smuggled me supplies so that I could hold out.”
A slight drizzle came down from the gray sky, and Hideki lifted his face into it, tasting the rain water. “They say the air, water and earth are poisoned with sickness from the bombs. A blessing from America, from your land to mine...” Hideki laughed bitterly, arousing Jordan’s resentment.
“If Japan had developed this terrible weapon, do you think your leaders wouldn’t have used it? It was a race and we got there first. And don’t forget, Hitler was working on wonder weapons to win this war. Well, the ink’s dry on the treaties and the world is at peace once again. How can nations be at peace if we individuals can’t figure it out?”
“It was a peace imposed on us. It is peace in name only so your politicians can congratulate themselves and your country can boast.”
“Maybe some... but mostly they’re relieved that the carnage is finally over.” Hideki’s face remained closed. Well, I’ve said all I can. Jordan turned to go. He’s alive and that will have to be enough for me. He was ten steps toward the road when Hideki called to him.
“Jordan wait! I can’t move as fast as you.” Jordan turned and saw Hideki coming on his crutches. “I want to introduce you to my wife and child.” When they arrived back at the house, Jordan formally met Hideki’s wife and child. She remained calm but distant.
“She knows about you; I told her about the island. She knows you and I are friends.” Am I??! “But don’t expect too much. Her brother died on Iwo Jima, in that great American victory.”
“Believe me it wasn’t any victory. We lost more men than the damn island was worth. The same at Okinawa. When you think about it, had they dropped the bombs earlier, all those lives would’ve been spared. The casualties add up to more than the numbers lost in Hiroshima and Nagasaki combined. The horrendous losses on those damned islands were the main reasons the bombs were dropped.”
“Perhaps. And if Pearl Harbor hadn’t happened, we would still be at peace. Instead, the whole world is in shambles and my poor country will not recover from it.”
Hideki invited Jordan to sit at the table and Ayako served them rice with mushrooms, chopped kale and fish. “I’ve asked my wife to send your men away and come back in four days. You have five days, right?” Jordan nodded. “You will stay with us.”
“What changed your mind?”
“Nothing changed my mind. But I was in your debt. You could have killed me when I was sick with poison berries in my guts.” That was a long time ago. “Why didn’t you?”
“I think because I was afraid to be alone. I was slowly losing my mind, talking to myself, letting myself go. I was turning into a wild man. A savage.”
After dinner the sake came out and Hideki poured cups part full. They saluted each other. “Do you remember the berry wine we made?”
“Yes. And for a week I had to run for the bushes so often.” Jordan measured Hideki, who had come alive. “What happened to you after we separated?”
“Oh I got back in the air force. Got a brand new plane and flew sorties day in day out. I even helped to sink one of your auxiliary cruisers and shot down three more of your planes. I’m an ace, you know, with seven confirmed kills and three more unrecorded. Then near the end, the kamikaze program was pushed on us, but I resisted. Mainly because of you. Of something you said, or because you could be one of my targets. It was hard. I watched the flower of our youth sacrifice themselves to save the Empire and the fatherland. We still thought it could be saved.” His face grew solemn. “Then on a mission, resisting an American landing on an unimportant island, a lucky burst of AA got my plane and I barely made it back, my undercarriage shot away. I had to land on my belly, I crashed and lost my left foot. And that foot probably saved my life as they sent me home, as unfit for further combat. And I’ve been home ever since.” He looked at his wife and his eyes sparkled with more of the sake in him. “And what about you?”
Jordan talked about getting off the island, staying with the Australian Coast Watcher and Lila. Then returning to the PT’s and what happened to him there.
“You mean they thought you were dead and so notified your family and your wife?”
“Yes. And the next time I looked for Lila, she was gone. I don’t know where.” Jordan lapsed into quiet. He took a long breath and exhaled it slowly. “In two weeks they’ll decommission us and I’ll ask for transport to Port Moresby to start my search for her. I don’t know where, but I promise you, I’ll find her; my life means little without her.”
“I know how you feel. Ayako and I were married young at our parents’ bidding, but all the hardships have welded us together. I don’t know where I end and where she begins. If that’s the way it is for you, you must find her.”
“Oh, I intend to. The only trouble is, she could be anywhere in the southwest Pacific. She has traveled with the Sea Gypsies before and has likely gone back to them.”
“That’s not good. There are thousands of islands out there and one lifetime is not enough to search them all. Still... The Sea People know each other and know how to communicate with each other. If we could convince one, then maybe...”
It hit Jordan like a ton of bricks. “Did you say we??!”
“Yes, I guess I did...” Hideki said; perhaps it was the alcohol talking, making promises. “You know, after years of war, always on the brink of death, it is hard to get used to peace. I used to love working in the garden and I still do, but it doesn’t satisfy me anymore. Perhaps a quest is what I need to lift me out of the bitterness of losing a war and a part of my leg.” He tossed down another sake. “Hell yes! I will go with you.”
“But what about your wife and child? And the farm?”
“Ayako wants back the man she married, not this dried up prune thing that is me now. Perhaps your quest will re-energize me. And think of it, I speak Chinese and Korean, that ought to come in useful in your search.”
“Don’t think I’m not grateful, but now that you’re in an occupied land, how’ll you get papers to travel in your district, let alone leave Japan?”
“Aha! There, I’m ahead of you. I have a childhood friend who works in grave registration; he offered me a job to catalog the military cemeteries of the Japanese fallen on the islands we occupied. I don’t think even the Americans would object to that. Besides, what threat do I pose as a cripple?” He kicked his leg forward to show his stump. “You see, even a loss can be turned into a gain.”
Jordan had lost count of how many cups of sake they had drunk, but he knew that they had emptied two bottles. In a strange way, that got them back to the best of times on the island where two stranded souls, forgotten by the war, became friends. Yes, everything else was suddenly forgotten. Hideki laughed and Jordan saw the shocked expression on Ayako’s face as she looked at her husband. Who was this American, who could erase the bitterness from her husband’s face and lift the depression from him? Was that the enemy?
“You know we parted around your birthday, and we meet today around mine. Is that not strange?” He gestured to Ayako, who brought another bottle and they lifted another cup. “You won’t believe it, but I wrote a kind of poem as a tribute to you, but the Japanese took our island before I had a chance to recite it to you.”
“No, really? I’d have liked to hear that. Can you still remember it?’
“Perhaps the gist of it.” Hideki closed his eye and composed himself. “A lost bird landed on my window sill... feathers ruffled by contrary winds... and we shared an island for a time... where I learned about my enemy...” He paused. “We parted friends... and I hoped he carried with him thoughts of me.”
“Beautiful,” Jordan exhaled, on the verge of tears.
“No, it isn’t. Believe me, it sounds better in Japanese.” He refilled their cups and they saluted each other. They were both so inebriated that it took some time for Jordan to find the facilities and then the futon Ayako had prepared for him. Jordan was fuzzy but found it impossible to fall asleep after such an amazing day. It hadn’t started so well, but in the end, had exceeded all his expectations.
In the close confines of the house, barely larger than a hut, privacy had a new meaning and depended on ears ignoring what was not meant to be heard. But Jordan heard an argument find resolution, and afterwards, more private sounds of a couple making love. The mechanical tones changing into passion as husband and wife found each other again. Oh, Lila, where are you?

Next morning, the rooster crowed to welcome the sun and the dog chased the chickens in the yard. Jordan stirred, his head buzzing from the drinking the night before. Ayako was cooking breakfast and when she handed him a cup, she smiled at him in gratitude.
“It’s wartime coffee, not the real thing, but it has a kick to it.” Hideki limped into the room and sat down by the table cross legged. “Before the war we drank boiled milk in the morning, but during the war I learned a few bad habits.” Ayako passed around a plateful of tidbits. “It’s seasoned rice with smoked fish wrapped in seaweed. Nutritious.”
Jordan carefully scanned Hideki’s face, finding it composed. Was last night just a dream induced by the sake? “Are you... still set on coming along with me?”
“Yes, my friend. Together we will find your wife. I told Ayako and she agrees with me.” Not without a few protests that Jordan had overheard, but this morning she was smiling and happy. “Today I will go to the Prefecture and get myself certified as a grave registrar. Then go to the Americans and petition them for a travel permit.”
“Do you want me to go along to help?”
“No. I think it’s better if I go alone. If both of us show up on their doorstep they might start wondering. Besides I don’t expect any problems, finding and cataloguing the dead is a sad business. Even the Americans have to be sympathetic to that.”
Later, Hideki gave a shovel to Jordan and showed him where to dig in the garden while he was gone. “Ayako can run our little farm better than I can. But it would ease her task if this part was dug up and the soil turned over, so she could plant something new in it.” Jordan thrust the shovel into the soil and turned it easily. The sound of a plane passed overhead and both he and Hideki looked up, his face turning wistful.
“Do you miss it?”
“The flying yes, but not the killing. I calculated that the bombs I dropped, the targets I strafed, must have caused 300, 400 deaths. Maybe double that if the ship I sank took most of its crew with her. War is an ugly business. Think of it, someplace in your land are many families who hurt because I lived to kill one of theirs. And that haunts me.”
“I don’t know how many I killed. I fired my guns and I saw the targets hit but the only dead person I saw close up was your own navigator, still in the wreck of your plane on the bottom of the sea.”
“Yes, Katsumi. He was from an obscure fishing village up north. Had old parents and a sister. His brother died too. I wrote to them, telling how heroically their son died, in battle with an American patrol boat that also found the bottom of the sea. I don’t know if it helped, or if anything I said could have helped at all.” He limped away on his artificial foot.
Jordan got busy working the soil. It reminded him of his family farm. Of course they had a tractor to do the plowing and a seeder to do the planting. But in Japan things worked on a smaller scale. There wasn’t the glut found at home, but a simple economy. Only things that had some function had a place in the home and hard work substituted for mechanization. The human effort was as much part of the land as anything growing in it.
At midday, Ayako brought Jordan a basket of food and a bottle of water. Jordan picked through the offering of cheeses, rice cakes and a strange sour fruit. Ayako sat and watched as he ate.
“You,” she said. “You and wife be happy. Bring Hideki back. I be happy.”
“Yes, I promise.” That seemed to satisfy her and she smiled when she took the basket back.
Late afternoon, Hideki returned, waving a piece of paper. “See, no trouble at all. It will take a couple more days to get it translated and counter signed by the Americans.”
Jordan just shook his head. “I still don’t understand why you want to come with me. You live here. Everything you need is here.”
“Yes, it’s true. But I can’t find my footing. The war’s done that. I can’t focus on today. I do things only because there’s nothing else to do. But it’s bland and tasteless. Do you understand? I need something ... something that makes a difference. Maybe after that I can settle in. At least I hope so.”
“You know it’s strange how I think that I know you. In spite of all our differences, being so alone on the island, I feel closer to you than any of my friends back home. Part of it was the danger of war. And I know it changed me and I started thinking differently about the war, more open to the suffering Japan was experiencing. It made me feel betrayed by the politicians who could have prevented this bloodshed that cost us a generation. And now, it’s important for me to know that you’re well and will thrive...”
“Yes, on the island we didn’t act me as a Japanese and you as an American, but on a more human level. It changed my thinking too. Then the bombs fell, and I could think of nothing else. I need you... so I can look beyond that and rediscover myself. I think if we can find the island in us again, then maybe... Do you understand what I mean?”
“I think so. After the island, when the planes were diving from the sky, I was praying that it wasn’t you. It’s odd how a special time can and did illuminate the rest of my life. I was hoping that you’d be part of it. I guess that’s why I came looking for you... hoping...”
“I have spent my life denying myself things. But you cut through that... because you were so different from what I was used to. I wasn’t prepared for you, and before I realized it... well, I guess that was the surprise. And I learned to accept the difference between us.”
Hideki took off his artificial foot and massaged his stub. “You know this won’t keep me back. It’s something I can work around. It is my head that’s backward... with the war lost... I also lost my confidence. You remind me that what I think depends on what I feed myself. If I think hurt then that’s what I will feel. I must look beyond the suffering and have hope for a better future.”
Through the long discussion Jordan found himself redefining his life. By some instinct he had searched out Hideki, not really realizing what a watershed experience the island had been for both of them. Ayako served them a supper, smiling openly at Jordan, seeing her husband come alive in the American’s presence. She had lost all resentment of him.

Chapter 11
On the appointed day, Toshi showed up with a different car and driver. He was surprised to find that Hideki was coming along. He himself had a travel permit that allowed him limited travel in the district but it startled him that Hideki had such wide ranging authorization even to leave the country.
Ayako and Haruki saw them off, standing by the gate. She was composed, but she flashed Jordan a smile when he thanked her for her hospitality.
“It was a honor to meet you Jordan-san. Good luck to you in your search,” she said with perfect phrasing. She must have practiced it with Hideki to say it right.
“Yes, thank you.”
“I thank you. Hideki cold... dead in heart. You... you...” her English gave out, but her eyes spoke and Jordan understood.
This time, the car was in a worse condition than the one before and the motor roared, making it impossible to talk over the noise. The smell of the exhaust was so strong that they had to keep the windows down not to suffocate. Jordan soon had a headache.
In just four days a lot of the destruction along the route had been cleared away. The bomb craters had been filled, the road made smoother, and to either side ruins were being dismantled and the debris carted away. Everywhere people were digging through the rubble, salvaging stone and bricks and timber, making neat piles of them.
Twice they were stopped at military checkpoints. A sergeant demanded papers, and pretended to read the Japanese documents. He gave Jordan a long, hard look. “What are you doing here?”
“Returning to my boat, sergeant.” Jordan thought quickly. “I was searching for some fresh produce for my squadron. We’re tired of eating nothing but canned stuff.”
“You and me both.” The sergeant stepped back and waved them on.
Evening light was falling when they got back to port. Jordan paid Toshi the agreed-on price and the man and car disappeared, trailing smoke.
“My boat is being decommissioned on Yoron Island. Get yourself there,” Jordan said to Hideki on parting. “From there maybe I can wrangle us a flight to Port Moresby to start our search.”
“Good.” Hideki waved. “I will go to the Red Cross and see if I can authenticate myself with them. See you in a couple of days.”
In the fading light, Jordan had difficulty finding his boat among all the others tied up at the docks. He heard George’s voice arguing, and followed it to its source.
“Well, look at that. The prodigal son returns,” Tillman said. “None too soon either... as we’re breaking out tomorrow. In two days... in two more days, we’ll be on a plane heading to Hawaii and from there to San Diego. I can’t fucking believe it, but in less than a week I’ll be home.”
“How was it?” Smiley demanded, pushing himself into the wardroom.
“How was what?” Jordan fired back.
“You know, your leave. Poontang, tons of poontang.”
“Is that all you can think about?”
“What else?” Smiley demanded in an injured tone. “The trouble with you western boys is that you haven’t learned you have a dick. You know? That thing that hangs down between your legs. It’s not just plumbing.”
A little later Exo waved Jordan into the officer’s quarters where he and the Skipper were playing gin rummy. “How was it?” the Exo asked, and Jordan guessed that this time it wasn’t about poontang.
“It was strange, Sir.” What could he say? “Close up, the Japanese don’t look like the devils we fought in the jungles. And in defeat, they don’t act defeated. They’re trying to paste their lives together again. At least in the country they do; I have no idea what goes on in the cities.”
“Pretty much the same. Making do with the little they have left. Cleaning up. Restarting their lives.” The CO laid his hand on the table, grinning at the Exo. “Got you again.” Skipper turned his eyes on Jordan. “We leave tomorrow and in a week we’ll be returning to civilian lives again. Imagine that!” He dealt a fresh hand. “Where’s that for you?”
“In Oklahoma, Sir. But first, I need to go back to Port Moresby to look for my wife.”
“No problem. Someone in Yoron will write you an air transport. You’ll see her before the rest of us get halfway to Hawaii.”
“Not necessarily. When the Navy buried me and wrongly notified her, she disappeared and I don’t know where to look for her.”
“That’s tough, Son.” He laid his cards down again. “Gin!”
“Sir, I found a Japanese translator who knows all the dialects and I would like to take him along. Could you put in a good word for him?”
“A Japanese?” the CO frowned.
“Yes, Sir. Partially crippled. Has travel documents. Burial registration.”
“What the hell, why not? We won the war, we can afford to be a little generous.”
“Don’t say it too loudly,” the Exo warned. “There’re plenty left who hate the Japs and won’t trust them ever again.”
“Hell, I don’t trust either Japs or Americans. They got us into this fucking mess and led us to the slaughter. If I had my way, I’d shoot every politician, every diplomat,” the CO said as he again won a hand.
In the crew quarters, Jordan bounced Toby from the bunk. “It’s my turn, Sonny. Thanks for keeping it warm for me.”
Next morning they had strong coffee before starting off. The crew collected on the deck as one by one the boats left the dock and headed for the open sea. “Take a good look, boys,” the Exo shouted from the bridge, pointing to the disappearing coast. “Most of us will never see it again.”
“Who cares? We should’ve sunk the whole damned island,” George called loudly over the rush of wind and engine noise.
In a single file, the boats cut through the sea at full speed, like ducks following each other. The wind picked up the white spray, and blew it back into their faces as fine mist. The CO appeared on deck and for something to do, scanned the horizon with his binoculars.
“Exo! Have the men clear their weapons.”
“All right men, you heard the Skipper. Secure your weapons.”
“Piss on that,” George on the Oerlikon said, pulled back on the breech and let loose a burst. Suddenly, all the guns were barking out to either side, whipping up the sea. Jordan gave short bursts with the twin .50’s, the cartridges arching down into his turret, with the sweet smell of cordite filling his nose. Half a belt was soon gone.
“Belay that!” the Exo struggled to make himself heard. The guns finally stopped. “Now clean the damned things!” Jordan spent the rest of the time cleaning his twins, and securing them under their canvas wrap.

It was near evening when they pulled into Yoron harbor. The sun was low on the horizon, sending forth a golden burst. As they made dock, a large cargo ship was already loading the first PT’s. It was odd to see the boat suspended from cranes, in their cradles.
“What’ll happen to them?” Tillman asked, suddenly feeling a flush of sentimentality for the boat he had called home for the last year.
“Probably mothballed,” George shrugged. He didn’t care. This war couldn’t end fast enough for him.
“Or someone will make a ton of moolah selling them to a two-bit dictator someplace,” Smiley said, smiling.
“All I know is, I’ll make a mint selling two Samurai swords I got in Okinawa off some captured Jap officer,” Tillman said quietly to Jordan. “It’ll give me a nice start back in civilian life. It’s going to be a bitch to find jobs for all the returning boys. What are you going to do?”
“Look for my wife... in Port Moresby.”
“Right.” Tillman said. “I’ll be glad to put all this behind me. But if you’re ever in my neighborhood, look me up.”
“And if you ever make it to Oklahoma... the same to you.” Tillman was all right, but Jordan had no great feelings for him: PT-927 had done that, he hadn’t invested in people much after that—except for Hideki. But now that the war was over, maybe he could relax his guard again, dare to make new friends and not be afraid of losing them.
For the night, they settled into barracks and had showers until the hot water ran out. George pranced around naked, snapping his towel at all the bare asses near him. “Boys! In five days we’ll be home. Kiss our wives and our girlfriends and the hell with the rest of the world. I can’t wait to have hot dogs and beer at the ball park, sleep in a real bed, and not get up until noon.”
“Yeah, the hero returns from the war, chain smoking, guzzling booze from sunup to sundown, and will go to the ground every time a car backfires on the street,” Smiley crooned. “The smart ones were the 4F’s, they stayed home and screwed our wives and girls while we were getting our balls shot off.” Smiley was off base there: he didn’t have a wife or even a girlfriend.
“Talk for yourself, Sonny boy. I got plenty of balls left. Want me to prove it? Just invite me to your house and introduce me to your wife,” Carter joined in. A flurry of pillows targeted him, but there was no holding him, he was bursting with cheer.
Next day was spent standing in long lines, as the sailors were processed by a troop of army clerks. Dog tags were examined, lists were checked, travel vouchers issued.
Jordan lined up with the enlisted men being processed, nearly thousand men in four columns. Jordan felt strange: these were the lucky ones who had survived intact and he was among them. And these were the gates back to civilian lives. He wondered if the Pearly Gates was like this, long lines waiting to be sorted. The lines moved slowly, each man taking five to six minutes to pass through the system.
The clerks plodded through their routines, filling out forms and filing papers, while the lines slowly lost their patience. The USO service organization was serving hot coffee and donuts, trying to lighten the mood.
After a long while, Jordan was within reach of a clerk, with only Tillman ahead of him. Tillman stepped forward and presented his dog tags. The clerk jotted down the number, checked his list, made his ticks and handed Tillman his voucher. “Transport leaves for Hawaii in three days...”
“Three days??!”
“What’s your hurry, Sailor?” the corporal demanded unsympathetically. “The U.S. will still be there tomorrow. Next.” He took Jordan’s tags and scanned down the list. His fingers paused, as if it had run into a concrete wall. His eyes snapped up. “It says here MIA, then KIA, crossed out, then RI? What are you? Alphabet soup?”
It took time to explain the circumstances while the next in line fidgeted behind him. It got even more complicated when he asked for transport to Port Moresby.
“Why would you want to go there? Anyway that’s not my job. I’m strictly for Hawaii and San Diego. Here’s your temporary discharge paper, which you better have with you all the time. The War Office will send you the final form you can hang on your wall for your grandchildren to gawk at.” He handed over a chit. “That’s your transport ticket. If you want to go to Port Moresby you’d better have air traffic control okay it. Now get out of here before you cause me an hour more paperwork.” The corporal abruptly turned away. “Next!”
Jordan found Tillman waiting for him outside. “A luxury cruise ship has just dropped anchor in the harbor. It’ll be taking Army personnel, giving them first class accommodations all the way home. Why does the Army rate over the Navy?”
“You’ll be long home before they get halfway.”
“True. But when will I ever get a chance to travel first class?” He looked Jordan over. “And you? Are you all set?”
“I think so. I’ll go to traffic control right now to see what’s leaving and when.”
“Well, Jordan Walker. I guess this is time for us to part. Can’t say this has been the best of times but I sure as hell won’t forget it. I’m moving to Connecticut near my uncle. I have your folk’s address and will write to you when I’m settled. Good luck to you, Son.” For a second it looked as he were going to hug Jordan but he didn’t.
“The same to you.” It sounded awkward. Jordan walked away, not feeling much. It’s PT-927. I lost my first crew and didn’t let anyone close to me again. 
Having finished, Jordan was directed to the canteen where food was served. Climbing the stairs to the Quonset hut, a sailor in navy dress uniform bumped into him.
“Sorry…” Jordan looked at the man’s face and froze. Before him stood the spitting image of Olson off the 927!! “Olson… Ollie…” he stammered. He felt disoriented by the similarity: didn’t he die with the rest…? The man blinked at him puzzled.
“Pardon? Are you talking to me?” The voice sounded much different from Olson’s.
“Sorry again… You … just look like someone I knew…” It was a shock, stirring up the past that he had thought was safely buried. The faces of the others loomed up before him: Ricco, Jake and Jeff. It was like a visitation of ghosts, and his knees turned weak. He made it inside and fell onto a chair, breaking out in sweat. He was going home but not the 927. They had been swallowed by the sea.
Jordan walked out to the airport and the control facility. He queried the front desk, “Anything to Port Moresby?”
“See Sloan. He’s on the far desk.”
Sloan looked harried. “They gave me all of New Guinea, Australia and New Zealand. I don’t have a map big enough to hold all that.” He looked Jordan over quickly. “And what can I do for you, Sailor?”
“I need transport to Port Moresby, for myself and my translator.” It took a while for Jordan to explain the need, but was assured, “No problem, we got weekly flights going south. You might have to stop off in the Philippines, kinda leapfrog your way but we can definitely get you there. Just come when you’re ready and we’ll find a plane for you.”
Jordan was pleased with the ease of progress. He’d had great fears that he would get trapped by red tape, but these were not career soldiers, but people afraid of red tape themselves. As much as they could, they ignored protocol.
Jordan found himself a quiet spot in the base library and tried to read the Herald but it couldn’t hold his interest. They were using words that had become strange in his present circumstance. It talked about buying power, business opportunities, political activism, the best way to plant a garden, war bonds, decorating ideas. The front page was full of politicians, posturing, taking credit for what they had not done. But what was there to write about, after VE day, the atomic bomb and VJ day? There was talk of war crimes and the start of a judicial process.
Three days later Hideki arrived. “It was really surprisingly easy. MacArthur wants all graves to be identified, a proper accounting done of the fallen for all nations and therefore issued orders to expedite the matter. My biggest problem was getting in at the front gate here. The duty officer wanted to arrest me as a spy, but here I am. I guess he’s still fighting the war.” Hideki was pleased with himself: he had talked his way across an occupied country. He moved about on his artificial leg quite easily, hardly needing the walking stick he affected. “It’s a useful prop. In a tight situation I let it be seen that I’m hurt and people lose interest in stopping me.”
Jordan walked over to air control and arranged transport for two, leaving the next day. Hideki found them a teahouse that overlooked the bay and the two friends spent an agreeable two hours watching the ships maneuvering in the tight harbor. Most of the PT-boats were gone, as the career Navy was not interested in serving on them; with the war over, it had become a dead end. Yet, pound for pound, they had caused more damage than the Front Line ships. Jordan felt vaguely sad. His war experience wasn’t that extensive, but cutting full blast through the surf, with the three Packards roaring, the wind of their speed buffeting him in the cage of his turret, had been an exciting experience. When you added the whole squadron, lined up in each others’ wakes, it drew every eye near and far to the parade.
Exactly on time the DC-3 took off. Yoron quickly disappeared and the bright vista of the Pacific yawned beneath them. From their height the waves looked frozen in place. The cargo hold contained mailbags and a handful of GI’s sitting on fold-down seats. No one seemed interested in Jordan and Hideki.
Hideki was nervous to be back in the air, constantly checking over his shoulder as if expecting a fighter plane to pounce on him. “At the beginning of the war the Mitsubishi Zero was a wonderful aircraft, outclassing any other plane then flying. It was armed with two 20 mm cannons and three .52 machine guns. It could out climb, outrun and out turn anything the Americans had. I was just a kid then, in charge of this awesome weapon. We thought the war would be over in the first year.” Hideki stretched out his leg across the aisle. “We learned better. By the end of the war the Zero was a tired machine, a death trap, falling victim to new, better planes. I remember the Mariana Turkey Shoot as you Americans like to call it. We lost a lot of planes and men then. Whenever I took off, I didn’t really expect to come back. It wasn’t that we didn’t have better designs, we didn’t have the time to retool the assembly lines for a new production. Japan ran out of everything, ships, planes, fuel, raw material, armies and men... but we thought we were in the right and we were going to beat the Americans and their allies. The rising sun was to shine over all of Asia, free it of the colonial overlords.”
Jordan was only half listening, his mind busy with the problem of tracking down Lila. Where could the woman be? If only the Navy hadn’t screwed things up... it would have been so simple.
They landed in Luzon, had a meal while the plane was tanked up, and then they were onto the next stretch to one of the islands that was on Hideki’s list. It took them less than five hours for Hideki to complete his survey of a Japanese military cemetery, but then they had to wait three days for the next plane. From then on they made several stops along the way, leapfrogging across the map and dropping off and picking up mail along the way. Wherever they stopped, Hideki consciously researched local history to find burial places not on official records. He recorded everything meticulously.
Jordan, wanting to get to Port Moresby to start his search for Lila, was getting impatient with the side trips but could say nothing about them. Hideki took his assigned responsibility very seriously.
Then they were flying again. Night fell, and at altitude the plane got quite cold. In the end Jordan burrowed in among the mail bags to save some body heat. He didn’t sleep well. But suddenly it was morning and they were on the ground. Some men were sorting through the mail bags, deciding what goes and what stays.
“Where are we?” Jordan asked, yawning.
“On an island just north of Papua. The copilot said we’ll be here for three days to work on one of the engines that has mechanical problems. Works out well for me as there is a cemetery that I need to investigate, not 30 miles from here on a neighboring island. We can have breakfast and go take a look at it.”
“Does this island have a name?”
“Yes, but it would have no meaning for you,” Hideki said, consulting his map.
“I would still like to know.”
“We Japanese call it the Bone Island. A lot of soldiers died defending it and a transport ship went down full of injured being shipped home. We will never know all their names.”
Hideki hired a local motor launch, which took them to the designated island that was garrisoned only by an American infantry platoon. No one stopped them or asked for authorization. A fisherman in the harbor pointed them in the right direction and they found the place without any trouble. Near the east side of the island there was a small cemetery that held 113 of the Japanese fallen. Of course there were no records, and the markers contained incomplete data. Hideki meticulously copied what little there was.
“Will that be enough?” Jordan asked. He was not able to decipher the Japanese symbols, and one name looked like the rest, some shorter, some longer.
“We know that the 142nd Imperial Infantry Regiment was stationed here, so we might be able to piece together missing information from the regimental records. But I fear, what we find will never be complete.”
“How so?”
Hideki frowned at the surrounding jungle; the dense vegetation was already intruding on the small cemetery. “Because we will know who survived and made it home, and maybe most of who died, the rest will be noted only as missing. But there are a few still alive, hiding in the jungle, unwilling to surrender. For them the war is not over but being silently fought on.”
This was the fourth such location they had investigated. At each, Hideki took careful notes and photographed all the markers. When Hideki was finished, he made a small shrine with smoking scent sticks and spent time in prayer for the fallen. Jordan looked on sympathetically. He thought of PT-927, of the crew lost. They had no graves, no headstones: the restless sea had swallowed their remains. He wondered what had happened to them. Someone in the Pentagon must know, the names recorded, checked and balanced, and a telegraph must have gone out to the relatives to inform them of missing in action. On his return, Jordan would be able to correct the record to change from MIA to KIA. Ironically, for himself he had to do the opposite and resurrect himself. Such a sad business. But now was peace, and things that had been so worrisome and vital a few short months ago took on an entirely different aspect. Couldn’t this all have somehow been avoided?
At the nearest Allied military installation, Hideki mailed off his records to the Grave Registry Office in Tokyo. It was obvious to Jordan that he discharged his assignment most conscientiously. “I hope it lets people know back home the sad truth. Nothing is worse than not knowing. A cycle of fearing and hoping, changing by the hour, interminably. It is hard to bury someone without the body. We’re doing paper funerals, just notifying family members. Tragic.”
Then they were on the plane again, occasionally passing through a turbulence that tossed them around as if in a washing machine. Sometimes they were lucky when the aircrew served them coffee and shared food with them. Most times they were on their own, to fend for themselves as best they could with whatever they brought with them.
Jordan woke to see Hideki talking with the copilot in his perfect English.
“What did he say?” Jordan asked.
“We have about three more hours of flying left. Weather’s good and there are no Japs around to shoot us down... the bastard said.” Jordan moved his arms and legs trying to work the kinks out. Then he listened to the throb of the engines, sounding healthy to his ears. One of the air crew came back to sneak a smoke at the rear of the plane.
“I’ve been flying transport over this area for most of the war, passing over the same islands countless times.” He pointed out the sights visible through the small porthole. “You know there are a lot of primitives below and we sometimes throw stuff down to them, something to eat or tools to use. They love sugar and brightly colored cloth. I guess we were trying to buy their loyalty and help against the Japanese. Well the whole thing developed into a religion almost. There are shrines down there with a mockup of a plane and the natives are praying to it so that the bounty from the sky might continue. They call it the Cargo Cult. Can you believe it?” The man finished his cigarette and went back to the cockpit.
The engines droned on, so it was too hard to talk or listen. Leaning against the metal fuselage Jordan slumbered, dreaming of Lila. Where could she be? What was she doing? Was she thinking of him? It was horrible not knowing. He woke shivering, the metal too cold from the altitude and it got under his uniform.
“Where are we?”
“Still in the air, but we will be landing soon.” Hideki seemed to need much less sleep. If there was enough light, he read a book, the vibration making the letters dance on the page, but it didn’t seem to bother him. “You will be glad to know this is my last stop. After this my duty is done and we can concentrate on looking for Lila.”
Thank God, Jordan thought but didn’t say so aloud.

The island was much like many of the others they had visited. It had no name, and was labeled only as K-82 on the official records. At one time it had held a Japanese garrison of no more than 600 infantry and maybe 150 of the artillery, mortar and heavy machine gun units. In the late stages of the war, many of these soldiers had been siphoned off to a more strategic location on the next island chain to the north. Those who were left fought a desperate battle against a US Marine battalion. They were isolated and short of supplies, but fought stubbornly to the end. On one end was a Japanese cemetery, surprisingly well laid out. Every grave was clearly marked with a head post which clearly displayed the name and rank of its occupant. Hideki found it easy to add the names to his list.
There were 109 graves in all, neatly lined up. Still the jungle was already moving in and bushes sprouted among the graves.
“Somebody took some care with this site,” Jordan remarked as Hideki took photo after photo.
“Somebody did,” Hideki agreed.
They came to the last marker, somewhat more substantial. 
“It’s too long for a name,” Jordan guessed, looking puzzled at the Japanese script. Hideki lit four incense sticks and stuck them by the marker. He stood silent and reverent, mumbling in Japanese what Jordan recognized as a form of prayer. He waited in silence as Hideki finished. 
On the way back Hideki translated the text. “Pity me for my shame, for I surrendered to my enemies so that at least someone was left to bury my valiant comrades, though I would much rather rest here with them. Still I pray that I be alive to take their names back home to notify their families.”
They were silent as they made their way back to the native boat on the beach.
“Do you think he made it back to Japan?” Jordan asked.
Hideki was changing film in his camera as they walked. “I hope so.”
There was no American burial site on the island: the US fallen had been shipped stateside. For some reason Jordan was more unsettled than at any time before. Hideki muttered that the Japanese had died almost to the last man.
“Why did they throw their lives away when they knew they couldn’t win? Why did they die needlessly?”
“You wouldn’t understand.”
“Try me. It can’t all be duty and honor.”
“But it was that and more. They fought and killed as many Americans as they could to weaken the enemy, so that there would be fewer of them left for their comrades to fight and fewer to invade the homeland that was every soldier’s sacred duty to protect.”
“As it turns out we never invaded. Two bombs changed all that.”
“Yes, two bombs did. I wonder how future generations will look back on that. America’s victory is America’s shame.”
“Come, are you saying that had Japan won, your people would have been more compassionate toward the conquered.”
“Probably not.” Hideki turned sad and walked on in silence under the canopy of trees. They passed a crumbling gun position dug into the earth, with a few shell casings slowly being swallowed by the vegetation. “Let’s not refight the war, our friendship might not survive it,” Hideki said at the end of the trail.
On the beach the native motor launch with four islanders waited patiently for them.

Then finally they were on the home stretch, nearing Port Moresby.
“Where are you going to look for Lila?” Hideki asked.
“Don’t know. I wrote three letters and got one answer but it wasn’t very informative. She’s simply disappeared. But there has to be somebody who knows more. I’ll have to find that person.” He yawned and rubbed sleep from his eyes. “Did you sleep?”
“Not much. I don’t like to be in a plane that I’m not flying myself.”
Jordan looked out the window, finding that they were over land, the lush green of the South Pacific. “You know, back in the spring of ’42, I flew five bombing missions against Port Moresby,” Hideki said. “Got my second kill of a British RAF P-40 over Walter Bay. It’s probably still on the bottom there.”
“For God’s sake, don’t go talking about it in the port.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t. It’s strange though. Like ghosts coming to haunt you.”
They landed in the early afternoon. They passed through a checkpoint but no one bothered about papers. There were lines of troops around, packed and ready for transport back home.
Inside the reception building they found the post office crammed full of envelopes and packets.
Hideki turned a thick manila envelope over to the postal clerk. It was addressed clearly in both English and Japanese, to Grave Registry, Tokyo.
The man behind the counter shook the packet. “What’s in it?”
“Names of the Japanese dead,” Hideki said tersely.
“And why should the US mail bother with it?” the man asked.
“Because General MacArthur ordered it,” Jordan interrupted.
“Did he now? Too bad that the General isn’t here to see it go through,” the man replied maliciously. “We have tons of mail to sort and send. It could easily get lost.” But he stamped the packet and threw it carelessly in a bin behind him.
Outside, Jordan asked, “What if he makes sure it got lost?”
“That’s OK, I foresaw the possibility. At the next station I will send another complete copy so that at least one might get through.”
The incident left a bad taste in Jordan’s mouth, but reminded him that though the war was over officially, it was still being fought on a personal level and would continue to be for a long time to come. The wounds went deep on all sides.
Outside in the bright sunshine the airfield was in sad shape. Quonset huts weeping rust lined the two runways and piles of rotting 55 gallon barrels leaked sludge. Transports and bombers were parked tightly along the tarmac and further back were derelict planes cannibalized for parts. Jordan and Hideki dismounted and walked along duck boards laid down to keep them above the mud in the rainy season. No one seemed interested in who they were, and they drifted along looking for signs of the administrative complex. Jordan found an arrow pointing toward the Women’s Auxiliary and tracked it to a building that had a prefabricated upper story, stuck onto a field stone base. The inside was crowded with items piled everywhere, uniforms, blankets, ponchos, mess kits and first aid kits.
“Can I help you?” A middle-aged woman in uniform peered over her glasses at the two men.
“Yes, please. I’m looking for Lila Blossom Walker; she worked...” Where did she work? In the mail room? Or the library?
“Oh my goodness, Lila. Sad story. Her husband died and she disappeared. One day she was here, the next she was gone. We haven’t heard from her since.”
“Did she have any friends she was close to?”
“Let me think. She was a quiet, polite girl and you hardly noticed that she was in the room. Good looking mind you, and the men noticed her, but she would have nothing to do with them.” The woman scrunched up her face. “You could try Alice Miller. She was as close to her as anyone.”
“Where can I find her?”
“Most likely in Hangar 8, that’s where she works.” She started to give directions but they got so convoluted that she ended up drawing them a map. Jordan followed it as best as he could, muttering that the woman had no sense of proportion or direction. Still, after a time they found Hangar 8; inside was a wide open space, with several long tables set longitudinally and the walls piled high with parachutes.
Jordan asked for Alice Miller, a thin whisper of a woman, more bones than flesh, with hair that had been bleached too often.
“Lila? Of course I know her. She and I worked together, repacking parachutes for the fly boys. She was a good worker. What do you want with her?”
“She’s my wife.”
“You??! She said you were dead. She got a government letter telling her that. For three days she cried, then a week later she was gone.”
“Gone where?”
“I’m sure I don’t know. She simply wasn’t there anymore. But that’s how it was around here, people came and went. We get the odd letter, but nothing from her.”
“Would anybody else know anything?”
“Possibly, Ines. She’s a Filipino woman who turned Lila into a prayer fiend. They spent a lot of time over at the church, you know, genuflecting and lighting candles... for your protection, I guess.”
Jordan and Hideki found the whitewashed clapboard church sitting on a slight rise. Inside, they found a woman fitting Ines’ description.
“Of course I knew Lila. A wonderful person. But I fail to see what business that is of yours.” She was changing out the used up votive candles.
“I’m her husband—”
“You are??! My goodness, the saints be praised! We’ve prayed miles and miles for you, I’m glad that our prayers have been answered. But she got a letter that you were dead and she was destroyed. You know that she was pregnant?” She gave him a quick, searching look. He nodded. “She wrote a letter to his... I mean, your parents; I helped her with that, telling them about herself and the grandchild she was expecting. After some weeks she got a letter back and... the next day she was gone.”
“Gone where?”
“No one seems to know.”
“And you don’t know what was in the letter?”
“Not precisely. Nothing good I’m guessing. Next day her room was empty, that’s all. She loved you, you know.” She looked from Jordan to Hideki, searching for some mystery. “You know, sometime later the Master Sergeant was asking about her, he wasn’t very clear about it, but he did say something about you having survived. But of course, by then she was long gone.”
“Was there anybody else who knew her?”
“I knew her, the little that she let me see of her. She worked hard, she wasn’t a slouch. She read a lot in the library and went for long walks. That was her life.” She shrugged apologetically.
Jordan was driven by a sense of growing desperation. He charged along the duckboards, muttering to himself.
“What will you do next?” Hideki asked, somewhat out of breath trying to keep up with him.
“Don’t know yet. But someone must know something. A person can’t just vanish...” He crossed over to another boardwalk, keeping to the raised way even though the ground all around was bone dry. “Let’s have a beer and think this through.” He turned toward a Quonset hut that advertised itself as the Billabong Watering Hole. He was halfway to the door, when he collided with someone coming out in a hurry.
“What the hell??!” Jordan swore, falling off the track.
“Watch yourself, matey...” the man reached a hand down to help him up. “Why, skin me alive, if you aren’t Jordan Walker!”
“MacAllister! What’re you doing here??!”
“I live here. But you? What’re you doing here? I would’ve thought they’d be shipping you home.”
“They would have, but I’m looking for Lila.”
“Lila?” A shadow fell over the other’s face. “Come, let me buy you a beer and talk.”
Inside, notwithstanding the early hour, the place was full, noisy and dense with cigarette smoke. MacAllister elbowed them a table and gestured for them to sit.
“By the way, this is Hideki. He’s helping with my search for Lila.”
“Really?” MacAllister’s face turned stone hard.
“Hey,” Jordan imposed sharply. “The war’s over!”
“Is it?” MacAllister wouldn’t give an inch. “For me that war will never be over.”
“Well then,” Jordan rose abruptly. “We’ve got nothing to speak about.”
“Wait! Hold your britches! Sit down! I do have something to tell you about Lila. You’d better listen to me.”
Jordan dropped back in his seat. “What do you know? Where did she go?”
“Just hold your horses a minute. Let’s have our beer.” MacAllister looked at Hideki directly. “Him too. This time I’m buying.” Three bottles arrived, sufficiently cold to make it refreshing, especially in the stifling heat of the overcrowded interior.
“Whenever I’d come to town, which wasn’t often, I’d look up Lila and spend the day with her. She really missed you, and could talk of nothing else but you. She had an OK life here. She liked the work and enjoyed the company of the women in her barracks. Her one problem was that this half Aussie, half Maori man who took a special interest in her was hounding her, but she, of course, refused him. One night, drunk as a two bit whore, he cornered her and put his hands on her. Well you know Lila. Her knife was out, and she nearly cut his manhood off right there. He backed off, but came looking for her furious the next day. He nearly overpowered her, but she defended herself well and held him off. Still sooner or later he was going to get to her. Luckily I was in town just then and with a couple of mates we visited this man, and using the logic of persuasion we convinced him of the error of his ways and he never bothered her again.” MacAllister gulped down his beer and called for another. “This round’s on you,” he said to Hideki, who just nodded, fishing for change in his pocket.
“What kind of persuasion?”
“You know, the sharp edge of logic.” He tapped his hip, where the 14 inch combat knife used to be. “We finished the job Lila started.” MacAllister got into his new beer. “Lila was mad at me for that. She said it wasn’t the Christian way. But the guy never bothered her again, and no one else either.”
“Did you see her often?”
“No, not often. She liked to walk the quay and I walked with her. She told me about receiving a letter from your folks and it hurt and confused her. She didn’t tell me much but implied that your folks were less than enthusiastic about a mixed blood Asian woman with a bastard.”
“Did she say that??!”
“Not directly. But she considered that route to be closed to her. And she was still grieving for you.”
“Did she say anything to you about what she’d do or where she’d go?”
“No. Again not directly. She’d talk a lot with the Sea People who pass through here regularly and my guess is that if anyone knows anything, they would.”
“So?”
“That was it. The next time I was here, she was gone.” His face reflected his sympathy, but he had no other news. “What will you do now?”
“As you suggest, find these Sea People,” Jordan said flatly.
“And?”
“And if they can set me on her scent, Hideki and I’ll go searching for her.”
“Until we find her.” Hideki spoke for the first time.
“You know, I’ll never trust your kind, but my friend here deserves help, even from a Jap.”
“Are there any Sea People in Port Moresby now?”
“If so, then in Fairfax Harbor, north of the city.”
“Good, we’ll try there. Thank you Archie. You’ve been a great help.”
“I hope you find her, Jordan. She deserves to be found.”
Jordan shook hands and got up. “Thanks again, Archie.” He turned for the door, Hideki following.
“He doesn’t like me very much,” Hideki said once they were outside.
“No he doesn’t. And I wouldn’t waste my time trying to change his mind. He’s stubborn as an ox.”
“I suppose all Japanese will find it hard to make friends again with their neighbors.”
“From what little I know of the Japanese, most aren’t interested in making friends with outsiders, anyway. You spent centuries in isolation until Commodore Perry brought the world to your doors.”
“True. We were happy and self sufficient in our culture. The rest of the world tried to prove otherwise... to their peril.”
“I can’t believe how chauvinistic you are sometimes.”
“Why are you so surprised? You think we enjoy being looked down upon by the rest of you Westerners? We don’t take it kindly. We have a long and proud cultural heritage. Perry woke us up, and the world discovered to its peril what we are like when we are awake.” His tone changed. “Besides, you Americans like to wave the flag too.”
“That we do, and we worship the Constitution.”
They were walking north, crossing and recrossing the busy street, dodging cars and trucks. Jordan slowed his pace. “Am I going too fast for you?”
“No, no. Gallop away. My steel foot doesn’t get tired.” But Hideki was showing it.
At a roadside stall Jordan asked for directions and was told he had some miles to go. “Damn, we should’ve rented a car.” It took them over an hour to reach the coastal road, and another to find Fairfax harbor. There were modest fishing boats pulled up on the beach and at first Jordan couldn’t find the Sea People among them. Then he found a group of tattered sails and knew he had them. Eagerly, he strode toward the boats. He was met with blank stares as he fired questions at them.
“Lila? You know Lila? Lai Blossom?” A toothless young man grinned back at him but shook his head.
Jordan tried the next boat, but got the same response. From under the rough cover of the boat, curious eyes of several boys gazed at him. “Lai? I think you call her Blossom. Have you seen or heard of her?” The man, with a ripped shirt, just shrugged, pretending not to understand.
The last boat was bigger, holding a larger family. A man was sitting on his haunches on the front end, smoking a thick roll of tobacco, his face half hidden by the smoke.
“Do you know Lai? She’s my wife. I’m looking for her...”
“No know. No see... not here.” Jordan was stymied, looking into the expressionless face. He pulled some money from his pocket and offered it to the man, who looked interested, but was reluctant to take it. “No know Lai. No Blossom.”
Hideki stepped forward. “Jordan, go, sit under that tree and let me have a try.” Reluctantly, Jordan trudged off and found the shade of the tree Hideki had pointed to. He was out of earshot but was able to see quite well. Hideki did not seem in a hurry as he addressed the man. Some minutes passed, then half an hour, and Jordan started to wonder what Hideki could be talking about and why was he so long about it. Another half hour passed and by all appearances, Hideki had made a friend. Next, he was given a bowl which he ate with apparent gusto. He too offered money and this time it was accepted. Finally Hideki came to sit beside Jordan.
“Well?” Jordan asked even before Hideki could speak.
“Well, of course, they know her. She left about four months ago with a cousin of his. North. To Burma, he said.”
“Why Burma?”
“Wasn’t quite sure. Something about her family.”
“Her family’s dead.”
“Well anyway, that’s what he said. I don’t think he was lying.”
Jordan tried to remember. What had she said? There was a sister, but she was sold into slavery. Did she go back to find and free her sister? Sounds like her to try. Maybe she got some news that encouraged her.
“How come he talked to you but not me?”
Hideki cocked an eye on him. “You’re white.”
“That’s the first time I’ve been called that.” Jordan felt annoyed. “He’d rather talk to a Japanese?”
“I was on my best behavior.” Hideki shrugged his shoulders.
“Uh, thank you. At least we have a direction. Now I have to figure out what to do next.”
“I arranged that already. Nha will take us north for a modest consideration.”
“You mean sail with them? Is that safe? Is there even room for us?”
“They’ve been sailing in these waters for hundreds of years, thousands of miles every year. The sea is their home, their work and their playground.” Jordan looked over at the boat. 25 foot, if that, with a thatch cover made of grass and bamboo. It held a man, his wife, an old woman and three children.
“If I have learned one thing on our island, it is that we need little to survive as long as we have hope for something,” Hideki said quietly. “At first, hunting you gave me a sense of purpose, then... you did. I never foresaw becoming a friend, it blind-sided me. The unique circumstance allowed us to see the man in each of us, the naked human stripped of culture and pretense. I don’t think anything else could have done that.” Hideki pointed at the boat, half in, half out of water. “I need little food, fewer comforts. These people need little and use little.”
“But why can’t we fly there?”
“Because only these people can tell us where Lila went. Where she turned and what she did next. They are the only ones she depends on.”
Jordan thought that over a while, arguing with himself. Finally he squared his shoulders. “When do we leave?”
“Day after tomorrow. Nha is waiting for his cousin before turning north.”
“How much will this cost?”
“Not much. Some tobacco, rice and a length of cloth. Maybe a new cooking pot. Bring your own food. Rice and dried peas. Salt and pepper. Simple things.”
“OK then. Tell him we’ll be here in two days and will go with him,” Jordan decided. Hideki went over to the boat and told him the decision. Nha seemed ready to go with events as they came at him.
Their business concluded, they started back toward town. It proved tiring and finally Jordan flagged down a truck that took them the distance. They arrived back at the base, and were surprised by the evening Retreat sounding its mournful tone. Jordan snapped to attention while the bugle announced the official end of the day. Beside him Hideki likewise stood still. Half a minute later To the Colors struck up as the flag was lowered and packed away. As always the haunting call of the bugle reminded Jordan of all the friends he had lost. He remembered PT-927 and each time, in his memory, the people he knew back then grew closer than they had actually been. With the ceremony done they continued on, Jordan snapping off a salute when a pair of officers walked by.
“You don’t need to do that anymore,” Hideki said quietly. “You’ve been demobilized.”
“True, but as long as I’m still in uniform and a guest of the Military, I’ll salute.”
“Each morning and evening, we salute the Emperor, and toast his health” Hideki said sadly.
They ate lamb stew at the canteen, and afterward Jordan wrote a letter to his parents, letting them know why he wasn’t coming home yet. He wondered, as he sealed the envelope, what would have happened if they had been more welcoming when they replied to Lila’s first letter. It irked him that they had made things so much more difficult for him.
Jordan slept in the barracks; no one challenged Hideki’s right to be there.
Before falling asleep, Jordan did the arithmetic for the day. It was good that they had positive news of Lila, but it was overshadowed by his suspicion that she had gone to get her sister out of the clutches of pirates or slave owners. Just a slip of a woman, up against the evil and greediness that ruled in the shadow of war. His son would probably have been born by now, or was it a girl?
Lila, Lila, where are you? Why didn’t you wait for me as you promised? Because they declared me dead... he ground his teeth in frustration, his insides feeling empty.

Chapter 12
Nearly two months later, they were sailing in the Andaman Sea through a myriad of emerald islands. It was a dangerous place, full of iron-fisted pirates and warlords. Nha was nervous every time they rounded a headland. All on board kept a sharp lookout, except for the old woman whose eyes had grown weak and watery. Sui, the 11 year old, stood by the mast, peering forward. He had the best eyes, the first to see a friend or stranger.
At first Jordan kept to one corner of the hutch, hardly moving to stay out of the way of the others. He was tired of the sun-filled sea, of its endless blueness and the sting of the sun the shelter barely protected against. He felt like he was constantly half asleep. Across from him, Hideki had a better time, slipping into hours-long meditation, from which he rose eager and refreshed. Several times he tried to teach Jordan the trick of disappearing inside a thought and controlling his breathing. Jordan shrugged it off. His form of meditation was the concentration on a task that needed doing. It was what his farm-life had taught him; do your chores, save the evening for yourself. But on a 25-foot boat there was little to do. One fished, ate the fish, dried the fish, and talked Moken, a language Jordan couldn’t understand. He learned a few necessary words that got him through the day with minimum politeness, but no more. But during any day he often had cause to wonder how Lila, with her intelligence and inquisitiveness, survived the sameness of every day. What did she find to talk about? Or to keep herself busy with, when there was so little to do? 
As the days passed, Jordan got to be quite good at spear fishing off the prow of the boat, spending as much time as his skin could stand of the blazing sun. Half the fish drying on the roof he had speared and wrestled on board. Cho, the wife, would expertly clean the fish, and filet it to dry on the roof. Sometimes in the lee of an island the boys would dive for shellfish or oysters. They could hold their breath an astonishingly long time and go very deep. At rare times they would return with pearls, which they brandished triumphantly. Then there would be long discussions on the value of the find, depending on shape, denseness and color. The sad fact was that the merchants on shore paid only a pittance of what the pearl was really worth, yet charged double for products they sold to the Sea People.
Hideki tried to learn Moken, using every bit of other languages he knew, and made good headway with Nha, who regarded his guests with a mixture of respect and derision. Respect, for he recognized that they had seen more of the world than he, derision for being such babies on the sea and its seasons. He could read the weather, knowing when to run for safety and tie up in a mangrove swamp out of the way of squalls and storms that sprang up in a surprisingly short time. He rarely got caught off guard.
Sui standing by the mast yelled, pointing to starboard. On the beach just coming into view were five boats snuggled up to the shore. Loy, just a year younger, was laughing with eager anticipation.
“Good, good. Family,” Nha explained, grinning broadly. He angled the boat to join them.
There was a glad reunion on shore with much laughter, hand clasping and hugs. Listening to their chatter, Jordan thought of a bird colony, stirred up by new arrivals. There was a fire on the beach and a pig roasting beneath the bed of embers. There were baskets of coconuts, bananas, and an orange looking fruit.
When Nha introduced his guests, the two strangers were greeted with reservation until Lila’s name was mentioned. A quiet fell over the crowd, all the smiles disappearing. The most honored elder spoke and Nha nodded sadly to his words. Finally he turned to Hideki and spoke in a mixture of languages that only the two of them understood.
Hideki translated. “Lila was here. She and Tchu went ashore by Bilin River. It was said that her sister Rosa was held near in a villa up river. By a bad man. Very bad man. Calling himself a Khan. But he is no Khan. Just bad. He buys and sells slaves and drugs. He raids his neighbors, sells them to the Japanese. Now that the Japanese are gone, he sells to Pakistan and India. Or to pick tea in Ceylon.”
Jordan frowned. “But do they know what happened to Lila?”
“It’s not known with certainty. Some say she’s dead, some think she’s in the jungle, deep in the hills, maybe even in Thailand.”
Hideki turned back to his hosts and tried to get more details. People talked to him, especially after Jordan was pointed out as Lila’s husband. Everyone was eager to add something.
“Well, tell me!” Jordan finally interrupted, his stomach tense from the waiting.
“People are certain that Tchu is dead. Killed for no good reason. But most think that Lila was too beautiful to be killed. Why destroy a flower in midst of its bloom? No, they think she was taken and sold, perhaps to the same person who owned her sister Rosa.”
“She’s half Montagnard. Perhaps her people would have helped her.”
“It’s not like that over here. A half child is a half child of the others, not your own.”
“And you think that’s right?”
“I don’t need to think, that’s how it is,” Hideki replied with unshakable conviction.
There was more talk until the pork was ready and uncovered, the slices served on banana leaves. The first mouthful was given to the shaman, who raised it high, offering it loudly to the spirits. Then he threw the portion into the sea. After, the rest were served but Jordan couldn’t eat because his stomach was too upset from the bad news he had heard.
“You must eat,” Hideki insisted. “We’ll need our strength to go into the jungle.”
“Is that what we have to do?” Jordan wasn’t so sure. The jungle was an evil place, full of danger, both human and non-human. People were known to disappear, never to be seen again. And Burma was among the wildest of the lands around the Indochina Sea.
“We have come this far...” Hideki said in an undertone.
“But we don’t have any weapons. No armies. The British won’t care about a half-caste girl. Most of the forces here are Indian and to them, she might as well be an untouchable. The lowest of the low.”
“Nonetheless, if you want her then we must go.”
“Of course I want her. But I don’t want you to risk your life in what might be a reckless venture. You have Ayako and Haruki.”
“I promised her I would return as a whole man. How can I be whole if I leave my friend to face danger alone? I would rather not return at all.”
“Then I don’t have any choice either. I can’t let you put yourself in such peril.”
They glared at each other and didn’t exchange another word all evening.
The Moken celebrated the reunion, playing on flutes and drumming on lengths of hollow bamboo. The women danced for the men, rolling their eyes suggestively at them. Then the men formed into a line and danced the spirit dance, calling the dolphins to share more wisdom with the people. It was clear that the Moken knew how to enjoy themselves.
That night they slept on shore. Jordan dug a depression for his hip and would have slept well if he hadn’t been so tormented by the problem of Lila. It was clear that he couldn’t leave her, but it was also clear that it was useless to try. There were too many obstacles and hostiles in his way. It would be like throwing his life away in vain. But she has my child...! I can’t leave her!

Next morning, Jordan sat facing the sea to catch the first sight of the rising sun, attempting to meditate as Hideki had tried to teach him. Clear you mind of doubt and all distractions... easier said than done. Lila! My Lila. What should I do? Focus! What are you going to do? He called to mind Lila’s face, her high cheekbones, her almond eyes and the velvet look of her skin. The perfect mouth smiled at him, and he nearly died from the flash of pain and longing.
An hour later, Hideki found him there, eyes closed, his face turned to the sun, talking to it. “I’ll go and follow you because... because I don’t have any other choice. I can’t see my life without you. I won’t live in misery. You’ve got my child. And... and if you’re dead, then I want to be.”
Hideki didn’t interrupt. He sat down beside his friend and let the storm within him subside.
Finally, Jordan opened his eyes to the world and half-aloud uttered the final words, “So be it...”
“Amen,” Hideki added with quiet intensity.
“I didn’t mean that you’re coming!” Jordan snapped.
“How are you going to stop me? Are you going to kill me yourself to save me from whatever is ahead?” Jordan wanted to protest, but he remembered the island, and remembered the pilot who with his plane on fire had turned again to attack.
Hideki stood up, squared his shoulders, set his feet and made fists. He then kicked out, followed by a flurry of strikes as he punched the air in front of him, uttering a series of explosive cries. Shocked by its suddenness, Jordan watched mesmerized.
“What was that?” Jordan asked, when the other had stopped.
“A form of military exercise. Each of those blows or kicks could kill. I lost a foot but I’m not harmless. Besides, I come armed.”
“How? With what?”
With one smooth motion Hideki drew a three foot blade, and swung it to stop a half inch before Jordan’s nose. “What the hell?” Jordan recoiled, rolling back on the sand and jumping to his feet. “What’s that?”
“It’s a bastardized tanto, 1 ½ shaku long. I am not a Samurai, worthy of a katana, but in officer corps I trained with the tanto. Excellent for infighting. Slash or thrust with deadly efficiency. I prefer the double edged type, good on the fore or back swing.”
“So you’re going to go up against a warlord with a knife?” Jordan asked with his own twist of sarcasm.
“In a world of guns, bullets and explosives, I admit a tanto is not the weapon of choice, but it is silent and quick... and hides well.” The blade disappeared down Hideki’s pants and Jordan saw no sign of it. “The good thing is, I have one for you too.” Hideki gave his wolf smile. “You will have to be careful not to cut your dick off...” And Hideki laughed in full joy, like he used to back on the island.
“Do you always have a tango down your pants?”
“Tanto. And yes, I never leave home without it.” The wolf smiled again.
With that, things seemed decided. Hideki went to talk with Nha about sailing up the Bilin River. It took some time to convince the man.
“He doesn’t want to. They say that Lila or no, Tchu was enough, they don’t want to lose anyone else. But I got him to agree to take us to the mouth of the river, not an inch farther. He will give us a dugout that we can paddle upriver. He says if we want to die the river will get us there. I figure if we travel mostly at night we might not be spotted until we want to be.”
“Why would we want to?”
“To ask questions... to find her.”
That night there was a fresh celebration to mark their departure the next day. From somewhere a bottle of raw-gut whiskey appeared and they each had a swig. “You... dead men... drink... the spirits like fire water...” the shaman said.
With some alcohol in him, Jordan had no trouble falling asleep. The whiskey probably helped, but there was no agonizing decision keeping him awake. He dreamed of Lila and woke with her face in front of his eyes. He thought that was a good sign.
The whole tribe was packing. There was no telling what was to come from the proposed adventure and everybody wanted to be far, far away. Only Nha and his family were left, and he wasn’t going to budge until the last minute to sneak them in under the cover of dark.
“Chagui, chagui...” the people waved as one by one the boats pulled away.
“What’re they saying?”
“It’s pidgin, meaning something between good luck and good bye.”
Soon the beach was empty, except for Nha. Hideki gave him the last of the tobacco, which the Moken lit up with a beatific expression on his face.
Hideki gave a tanto to Jordan and made him practice with it.
“Careful!” he yelled. “It’s not a katana but sharp enough.” Jordan had to admit that the weapon lay well in his hand. It wasn’t heavy and the balance felt good. At Hideki’s direction he took some practice swings, cutting through bundles of reeds. He was impressed by its cutting power.
Later, Jordan went through his pack, pulling out some egg-shaped objects. He handed three to Hideki. “Mark II fragmentation grenades with a five second fuse. Kill radius of about 15 feet, injury up to 35.”
As Hideki lifted one, he muttered, “Much like ours,” and put them into his pack.
Jordan spent the rest of the daylight writing a letter to his parents, telling them what he was doing and why, so that if he didn’t come back at least they would know what had happened. He sealed the military envelope and gave it to Nha to mail at first opportunity.
When darkness fell they piled into the boat, sailing north out of the cover of the islands. Behind them they towed a 9 foot dugout. Everyone was quiet, as if afraid of being heard. There was just enough moon to see by, and a moderate wind that pushed them along. As they neared the shoreline of the mainland, Nha became more cautious; about 50 yards from shore he pointed out the gap that was the river estuary. He whispered terse comments to Hideki who translated again. “A day upriver is Mika, and another day will get you where the devil Baku lives. This is as far as Nha will go.”
Jordan pulled the dugout alongside, and spent a quarter hour bailing out the six inches of spray that had accumulated in the bottom. They transferred their packs and clambered over then casting off, they were on their own.
“Good luck,” Nha called quietly over the widening separation.
“Thank you Nha. You and the family have been most helpful.” The boats separated and in an astonishingly short time the sail was swallowed by the surrounding darkness.
Jordan was up front, paddling on his right, Hideki behind on the left. They soon reached the inlet, where the river had spread out to meet the sea. They turned north, paddling in the shadow of the west shore. The inlet narrowed progressively and they felt the resistance of the river more strongly. They paddled on, regularly switching sides.
When the predawn caught them in the open, they lengthened their strokes to find a good hiding place. In about three miles, they came across a creek flowing out of a marshy, dense undergrowth. Pushing in amongst the reeds and settling in, they spread a bug net over themselves and tried to sleep. The noise of insects blocked out all other sounds, making Jordan uneasy about what else was out there.
In the afternoon, they cautiously pushed to the edge of the reeds to look up and down the river. They only saw one boat, with two men casting nets as they drifted south with the current. Somewhat reassured, they pulled back into the reeds again.
It was night when they left the reeds and paddled up river. They stayed near the bank, any moment ready to vanish into the clutter of the shoreline. It was nearing morning when they came across Mika on the near shore. The place looked dark as they paddled urgently past it. Once a dog barked at them, but luckily soon lost interest. In spite of the hour and the darkness, Jordan felt exposed out in the open, and couldn’t breathe easily until they were well past the last house and around the next bend. They paddled about an hour more, reaching a widening of the river, edged by marshes again.
“We’d better pull in now. We might not find anything as good later,” Hideki suggested. They steered for shore pushing through the reeds and water bushes. Along the way they raided some nests and sucked yolks from the eggs. “Reminds me of the island, doesn’t it?” Hideki smiled. Jordan, however, working on bigger problems, remained serious.
“How’re we going to do this? Baku might have Lila or not. How can we be certain?”
“Don’t know. But taking a look at the place might give us an idea.”
“Maybe we can take one of his men prisoner and interrogate him...”
“That would work too,” Hideki said. “We might also climb up into the hills overlooking the town and see in the daylight what’s ahead.”
Hiding the dugout, they worked their way up to the top of the ridge that oversaw a good stretch of the river in both directions. To the south they saw Mika made up of maybe sixty houses, most on stilts. To the north the river wove back and forth among grass and marshlands. Then more rugged hills that seemed impassable. Beyond them had to be Kofra, where Baku ruled. All that the Moken could tell them was that it was a large place with many people and many guns. After a while they saw a number of barges come down the river, and a few fishing boats.
Now that they were this close to their destination, Jordan felt even less sure of what to do. They had no information and no plan. Hideki was less concerned.
“I’ll know better when I see it. Today I would be guessing and what use is that?” He put his back against a large rock and fell asleep. Without anything else to do, Jordan drifted off too.
On waking, Hideki went deeper in the jungle to relieve himself. Just off the path, he came across some graves with Japanese markings. The site was badly overgrown but Hideki wanted to stop, make notes and take down names. He started pulling off vines that were choking the posts.
“Jesus, Hideki, we have no time for that now.” However, Jordan could see how hard it was for Hideki not to.
“A lot of Japanese died in Burma,” Hideki muttered, morosely putting his pencil and pad away. “In a year no one will remember where this was.”
“Same for the Allies. Their bones have been swallowed by the jungle… The ambition of man is the folly of man.” Hideki glanced at him to see if it was sarcasm, but Jordan was far from being sarcastic: he was remembering PT-927, gone in an instant, a turning point in his life, something in which they both had a part. 
It was still light when they got back to their boat and pushed to the edge of the reeds, ready to continue as it got dark again.
“The moon is less than a quarter, good enough to paddle by, but dark enough to hide in,” Hideki said, testing the direction of the wind. “I suggest we don’t go past Kofra, but get out and circle behind it overland.” Jordan shrugged; they were going at this blind.
As soon as it was dark enough they pushed on. Because of the width of the river the current wasn’t too strong and they made good progress, though in the dim light it was hard to judge. As much as they could, they kept to the shadows of trees on shore. They were often startled by a sudden splash as they surprised something on the surface, or listened with shortened breaths as something larger crashed through the undergrowth on shore. Ahead the river reflected the star-filled sky.
Then the river narrowed, the current picked up speed and it was a harder go. Jordan felt the difference as his muscles went through their motions. His palms felt raw from the constant paddling. Passing through a constriction, the water again eased and the vista opened up a little, into a valley that held Kofra. They were only a short way into the flat lands when Hideki turned back to look at Jordan.
“What do you think?” His paddle pointed ahead. “That is too much of a distance to do before daylight. Maybe we had better hole up hereabouts.”
“But where?” There was a clear path that followed along the river and nowhere to hide their dugout.
“Maybe cross the road and hide the boat somewhere on the hillside. Then we could circle Kofra on foot and get a measure of the place.”
Jordan agreed because he couldn’t think of anything better, but he hated the uncertainty. The blind leading the blind.
The boat was surprisingly heavy on land and they had to wrestle it onto shore. “Try not to leave a mark,” Jordan advised urgently. Hideki just grunted with the effort. In thirty steps they were at the hillside, where they found a depression to hide the boat in, covering it with grass and fallen leaves. Then they backtracked and as best as they could and erased the tracks they had made. It was full daylight by the time they finished. As they hurried into the hills it wasn’t easy going as the sides were steep, often slippery, crisscrossed with roots to trip over. Hideki found it especially hard, as his artificial foot had no feeling. Their packs also grew heavier with every step and the straps chafed their shoulders. It was well past midday when they gained their target, a hill that overlooked the lay of the land.
In front of them was Kofra on a plateau, built above the reach of the river. There were maybe a hundred houses, a few of them made of stone, the rest of wood, but mostly of slender woven bamboo. Lower down were the rice paddies, all the way to the river, subdivided by irrigation ditches. Closer to the hills were dry crops of millet and other grains, and a scattering of orchards.
Kofra itself was a crowding of huts, with a stone compound near the center adjoining an open place. “I guess that’s where Baku lives,” Jordan said unnecessarily. They watched as a group of soldiers lounged under the spread of a giant taiping tree.
“Armed with mostly WWI rifles,” Hideki said deprecatingly.
“They kill as good as modern ones,” Jordan grunted.
They watched, seeing people come and go about their tasks. Some went to the river to fish, others to work the rice fields, and some into the woods to return with stacks of wood on their backs. The women went about with baskets balanced on their heads, while children ran around freely. A bunch of young people chased through the trees and came close to where Jordan and Hideki were hiding. 
Smoke from cooking fires rose above the huts and the air was full with the lowing of animals. From somewhere came the sound of children singing, but otherwise the sounds were subdued.
“What do you think?” Jordan asked, impatient with not having a plan.
“Let’s wait and see.” Hardly had he finished saying it, when a flood of soldiers filled the square. A man, who by his manner had to be the Khan, took a seat on a central wooden platform under a canopy. The soldiers herded the inhabitants into the square and some kind of hearing was commenced. Jordan’s eyes scanned through the people looking for Lila. It wasn’t easy as many women covered their heads and only a little of their faces showed.
“So?” Jordan prompted.
“It is known that the devil likes to start the day with death... maybe we’re seeing that.”
There was some commotion and a man was flung before the dais to grovel in the dirt. Jordan couldn’t hear the details, just the angry mutterings. It didn’t take long before a noose was fitted around the man’s neck and he was dragged to the taiping tree and hoisted up. The man thrashed, his fingers clawing at the rope constricting his throat. His feet were kicking with desperate agony as he danced the last dance. But it wasn’t yet to be. He was let down and allowed to recover his breath before he was hoisted again. On the sixth time, they watched the dance to the very end.
Jordan was revolted. It seemed so unreal at the distance, but the tree limb had shaken, the leaves flashing the man’s agony.
“The bastard! What did the man do to deserve that?”
“Probably nothing. It’s a way of intimidating the population with terror.”
“How do you know so much about it?” Jordan asked, angry at the world. And this monster owned Lila?
“In the Japanese Army we were taught the need for psychological warfare. You first make a coward of your enemy... then kill him.”
“And you think that’s right?”
“No. But then war is not right. We both know it’s evil.”
That seemed to have concluded the horror on the square so people drifted away. Soon only the corpse was left dangling, just three feet off the ground.
Jordan watched, and his eyes grew dry staring into the bright vista. He followed every female form that passed, focusing on it, hoping that it would be Lila. She could be dead... No! She has to be alive. Just has to... Why did she come back here? What did she hope to do? Save her sister? What can I do? How can I fight all this? But maybe it won’t come to that.
Later two men came and took the body down. They dumped the corpse onto a push cart and went off through the streets to a hillside covered with painted grave markers.
“They bury people on high ground, so as not to allow floods to wash them out,” Hideki observed tonelessly. They watched as the men dug a hole, dumped the body in it and covered it with earth. They tamped down the mound and drove a post at the head of it. Jordan was unsettled still. They had seen the man alive begging for his life, had seen him nearly die six times and then be covered up. And for what? A cruel exercise of power.
Later on an old man came to the fresh grave and painted the post with what Jordan took to be the dead man’s name. Still later, several women and a bunch of kids gathered around the grave, planting some flowers in the newly turned soil and burning incense. Their posture was sorrowful, but they kept their voices down, probably afraid to call the attention of the tyrant’s henchmen onto themselves.
“Have you seen Lila anywhere?” Jordan demanded anxiously, his eyes roving the streets and fields beyond. At times his heart gave a leap, but on closer inspection he was flooded with fresh disappointment. Where are you Lila? Where are you hiding?
“So what do you think?” Jordan asked for the third time, anxious to be doing something.
“I think we need to find out what goes on here. Watch some more, from somewhere closer, then seize somebody and get from him what we need to know.” Hideki looked uphill. “So for now, let’s go into the jungle and find some fruit to eat. I’m tired of chewing on dried fish.”
Cautiously they pulled back, not straightening until they were under the trees. They were maybe five miles into the hinterland when Hideki thought it would be safe to forage in the open. On a hillside they found some berries, then at an abandoned farm, some fruit trees gone wild and even some roots growing in the deserted garden.
“I guess we’d better load up to see us through a couple more days,” Jordan said. He was digging in the far end of what had been a vegetable patch, when a shadow fell on him. Looking up, he found himself looking at the point of a bayonet. Behind it stood a soldier in a soiled Japanese uniform!
“Hideki!” Jordan called tersely. Another shape appeared beside the first, the gun aimed at Jordan’s chest. Not moving an inch, Jordan called again, “Hideki.”
Hideki appeared, froze, then erupted into a clipped flow of Japanese. More soldiers emerged from the jungle. Hideki was talking and although Jordan couldn’t understand what he was saying, he sensed the pressure in the voice. He was still the focus of the guns when finally, the back and forth stopped.
“Meet the remnant of 117th Imperial Japanese Rifle Regiment, third Battalion, led by Sergeant Major Ichiro Yoshida and his fourteen men.”
“Don’t they know the war’s over?”
“They know, but refuse to surrender.”
“But the Emperor ordered them to surrender...”
“They say the Emperor was coerced.”
“Don’t they want to go home?”
“The 117th was raised in Nagasaki,” Hideki said in a muted voice. “What do they have to go back to?”
“But... but...” Jordan didn’t know what to say. “But what are they going to do?”
“Live in the jungle as best they can. Be free men, who have not surrendered.” Hideki’s voice had a hint of pride in it.
“Where does that leave us?” Jordan asked, looking up at the muzzle of several rifles still pointing at him.
“Nowhere. They won’t fight us. The British and their Indian lackeys yes, but not us.”
“Why not join Baku? They’re in his neighborhood.”
“Yoshida said no. The man has no honor.”
“Then ask him to help us. We could use his guns.”
“I asked, but he only said they would watch.”
“Then ask him if he has any spare guns. We could use something more lethal than kitchen knives...”
“A tanto is not a kitchen knife! It took centuries to develop and perfect. It’s an efficient killing instrument.”
“All right, all right, you made your point. But it’d be good to have something we could use at a distance,” Jordan said tersely. Hideki talked some more and worked out an agreement.
“They have a cache of captured weapons, even machine guns. He’d be willing to let us take whatever we need. What do we want?”
“A rifle for accuracy, and something rapid fire to mow down the enemy.”
Hideki translated that and the Sergeant Major sent two of his men into the jungle.
“And ask him what he wants for it.”
“We have nothing to trade with, but he says the entertainment would be payment enough.”
“What entertainment?”
“Watching us getting killed.”
“Hey, this isn’t some kind of kamikaze attack,” Jordan protested.
“It’s exactly a kamikaze attack. Calculate the odds and it’s a certainty.”
“Can we be more... positive about this?”
When the two soldiers returned, Yoshida handed over an Enfield and a Thompson submachine gun with a 50 round drum magazine.
“That’s more like it!” Jordan rejoiced, checking the action of the Thompson. The weapon was clean, well oiled and the mechanism meshed smoothly. He was given two more drum magazines and several bandoleers for the Enfield.
There was some more talk, then the Japanese soldiers backed away. Jordan put as much respect as he could into his parting bow. These were the lost sheep of Japan. They didn’t want the burden of dishonor and refused to return to the destruction of their homeland, the bombed cities, the occupation and being ruled by a foreign power. To them life in the jungle was preferable to that.
Jordan examined the gift weapons more closely, very pleased with what he found. With such lethal weapons in hand, his confidence soared.
“I figure we watch, spot Lila and rescue her during the night.” He pulled the bolt back on the Thompson and checked as the next bullet slid smoothly into the firing chamber.
“And if we don’t spot her, what then?” Hideki asked.
“Then we do what you suggested, capture somebody and have him tell us.”
“OK. But we need to get closer. It’s too hard to see from the hillside. Perhaps from cemetery hill. Hardly anyone goes there, and there are many places to hide. We just keep away from the side they buried the hung man.”
“Good idea.”
Early next morning, they were crawling on all fours among the forest of markers. Some were old, the wood half rotten away, others freshly painted. On most there was some inscription in strange lettering.
“What does it say?” Jordan asked, bothered that he couldn’t make out the script.
“A name and year. Sometimes a blessing,” Hideki replied, his eyes scanning the posts.
“How the hell do you know this?”
“In my youth I studied calligraphy. Chinese, Burmese and even a bit of Hindi.”
“What does a rice farmer need to know about callig... something?”
“I told you, in Japan everyone grows rice and has a garden. But we do other work as well. Cal-ligraphy enlarges the soul, it’s a form of meditation. To be brief and precise. Look here, this post says who and when, and sometimes a comment to sum up a life. Here... here for instance... beloved of the sun. Is that not beautiful?”
“Very beautiful,” Jordan said sarcastically.
“And you wonder why we call all foreigners barbarians?” Hideki muttered to himself.
In a group of ornamental shrubs they found a good space to observe from. They were higher up, and had a good view of the entire village, particularly the central square. As they watched the village came to life, and Jordan began his vigil, searching for Lila. He tried to recall her walk, the way she carried herself, the way she held her neck, and the way she brushed the hair out of her face. He was filled with a sweet sadness and rising impatience. She had to be here... somewhere quite near.
Jordan watched as the soldiers came, scratching and yawning. How they gathered the people and how the Khan took his place in his wooden pavilion. There was still no sign of Lila anywhere. Had she been sold upriver? It was possible.
Again the soldiers waded into the crowd and dragged a resisting man in front of the Khan. A couple of blows from a rifle butt put an end to the man’s struggles. He lay in the dust, trembling as the Khan decided his fate. There was a discussion which the watchers couldn’t hear, but then suddenly another man was dragged forth and the two cowered before the Khan. Then the executioner came, placed the men back to back and put the noose over both of their necks. This time it took four soldiers to haul the two bodies off the ground. Back to back the men kicked desperately, clawing at their throats to ease their torment. Again and again they were let down long enough to recover, then hauled up again. Jordan wanted to take the Thompson and mow all of them down.
“Easy now.” Hideki laid a cautioning hand on him. “Remember why we are here.” Then there was no more reprieve and the final, twisting, thrashing dance came to its sorrowful end. The bodies hung there, in final indignity, having soiled themselves.
“The evil bastard... bastard... bastard...” Jordan hissed through his teeth. As if by some magic the square cleared in a hurry. Only a dog remained, sniffing at the bodies swinging slightly in the wind.
An hour later, the two men came to take the bodies down. They pushed the cart to the cemetery and up the path. Jordan and Hideki lay low on the far side while the men finished their work and went away.
“Have you seen signs of Lila?” Jordan asked, hoping.
“No. I think tonight we should snatch somebody.”
“Yeah, nothing else to do.” They settled down again to watching. There wasn’t much happening in the village. People worked in the fields, drawing water from the river into the irrigation ditches that subdivided the plots. Not knowing the growing cycle of rice, it remained a mystery to Jordan.
Midday slipped into the afternoon and the sun was hot on Jordan’s neck. He chewed on some fruit and took sips of water from his canteen. Hideki signaled that he was off to heed nature’s call and on all fours crabbed toward some bushes in the back. He was gone some time and Jordan fanned the flies away that were buzzing his face, trying to get into his eyes.
At a slight noise, Jordan turned to see Hideki crawling toward him. The face was tense and there was something urgent in his movements. What now??! Hideki motioned for Jordan to follow and reluctantly he did, finding it very awkward with the Thompson unbalancing him.
“What??” he whispered.
“You have to see this,” was all Hideki said and turned to crawl away. What the hell? Jordan followed mystified. What could it be? Finally Hideki stopped and pointed at a marker. Jordan stared at it uncomprehendingly, confused by the curlicues of the foreign script.
Hideki stuck out his finger and traced the letters. “L-I-L-A...”
Jordan felt as if he’d been hit with a sledgehammer, staring at the script. “A...re ...you su...re??”
Hideki nodded. “Lila, 1945.”
“This could be another Lila.” Jordan was trying to find some strength to believe it.
“Maybe... a blossom picked early...” Hideki read even more quietly the rest of the script. “Is she not Lila Blossom?”
“Yessss...” The air went out of Jordan’s lungs.
Hideki pointed to the next marker, “Asa, who went with her sister.”
It was Lila and her sister! Buried side by side... There was nowhere to run from this. Jordan stared at the two markers, frozen inside. This can’t be... But it is... This can’t be the end of everything... But it is... The grave markers were proof of that.
“I’m sorry, my friend,” Hideki said, laying an arm around Jordan’s shoulders. Jordan cried quietly, without tears, his eyeballs feeling hot and dry with his pain. His body trembled and he couldn’t stop it. Hideki murmured something in Japanese, in the sadness of the moment his English deserting him. What can you say to a man whose life had changed in one instant?
Jordan looked at the two markers and wanted to smash them... but they were the last witness of his love... and his whole future. Could he still live and breathe when she had stopped breathing, speak when she had become eternally silent? He shook his head... but couldn’t deny it no matter how hard he wanted to.
It took a lifetime to find himself back in the present, in a colder, stranger world. A place that had grown more hostile. Hideki sat with him, not knowing how to console him.
Jordan backed away through the forest of markers to the stone fence, over it, into the bushes then the trees that led back into the jungle. Driven by some panic, he ran, the branches snapping at him. Blindly he ran on. His breath came in great gasping sobs and his eyes watered. He ran, feeling the devil behind him. He ran, and ran...
Then he was sitting, not remembering stopping, not how he got there. His hands tore up chunks of grass and cast them away. He was angry, the anger growing in him, turning from red to white hot.
Hideki found him and knelt down beside him. He handed over the Thompson that Jordan had dropped in his run. They sat in silence, each struggling with his emotions.
It was night, with the moon high in the sky when Jordan found his voice.
“Hideki, you take the boat and go home to your wife and child. You’ve done all you can.” His voice was cold and colorless.
“What are you intending to do?”
“To do? Seek revenge. I will kill Baku and anybody with him.” Jordan slapped the Thompson in his lap. “The bastard doesn’t deserve to live a minute longer and it shall be my one remaining task to send him to hell!”
“Jordan... my friend... don’t throw you life away. Live for her and the child...” Hideki swallowed the rest.
Yes. The child! Where was the child? The fruit of their lives, its joy and the testament of their love. Jordan wanted to howl his anguish.
“The child was next to her mother, the post said; Jody...where blossoms fell.” She had said that if it was a girl her name would be Jody.
Jordan was no longer himself. He was an empty shell that held only burning hate that gave him a reason to live, when all other reasons had died and were buried on a hillside in Burma.
“As I said...” Jordan tried again. “You go home. This... this is a one way trip. I don’t want to live without her. I’ve never loved anyone as much as Lila, and never will again.”
“You may think differently later...”
“Maybe. But now is what counts.” Jordan looked up at the stars not seeing them, yet feeling their coldness. “Hideki, you’ve been a good friend, a true friend, the best one I ever had. You would honor me by going home and keeping my memory alive.”
“Where can I find honor if I desert my friend in his hour of need? No, what we do, we do together.”
“This time it’ll be a kamikaze act. There’s no coming back from that.”
“I understand kamikaze. But that’s not how it works. It’s not an empty act of vengeance; it has a purpose, a value in self-sacrifice. You don’t throw your life away, you give it for a cause. A worthy cause.”
“Is ridding the world of a despicable tyrant not cause enough?”
“Yes, if that were your true purpose. But you only seek revenge for the hurt done to you and that is, forgive me my friend, selfish and wrong. You claim justice but are doing it unjustly.” Hideki fell silent, realizing that it was useless. The only leverage he had was their friendship. “All right, let’s think of this differently.”
“How?”
“As a purely military tactical problem, but thereby achieving the same result. We go in with a specific plan, execute it and disengage as part of that plan. There is no need for self-sacrifice or suicide to do this. We are in, then we are out.”
“And you think the two of us can do this?”
“The first rule is to know what you want, then carry it through to its conclusion... The rest will fall into place.” They talked all night and because Hideki sounded so assured and reasonable, Jordan allowed himself to be convinced. They worked through every contingency and in conception, the plan at least seemed feasible. Then they fell silent, each preparing themselves for the coming confrontation.
Jordan was mumbling to himself.
“Are you praying?” Hideki asked, sounding surprised.
“Yes. I thought this would be a good time to ask for some help. Why?”
“I just haven’t heard you pray before.”
“Well, what do you do if not pray?”
“I guess I meditate. Find reasons for why it would work rather than worry about all the things that could go wrong.”
“So, a bit of wishful thinking.”
“If you like, but isn’t prayer like that? A wish for something?”
“Not if you believe. I mean truly believe. Then it’s a certainty.”
“Well there we are, not so different after all.”
The talk helped and both were able to settle down and sleep well until first light.

Chapter 13
The day promised to be good. The morning sky was bright, full of birds wheeling and diving in the air currents. Even the insects seemed less pesky.
Jordan was strangely composed. The impending action was there in his mind, as something welcome, waiting to be done. There was no fear or anxiety associated with it. He checked over the Thompson which felt snug and comfortable in his hands.
Hideki was getting ready too, practicing drawing the tanto from his pants and slashing the air with it, while holding the Enfield in his other hand.
Before it got too bright, they purposefully trekked back to the village, climbed the cemetery wall and hid among the grave markers. On the opposite end of where Lila was buried, Jordan felt like she was calling to him. He shut his ears to her and concentrated on the view in front. They watched as the village came to life. People darted from one place to the next, dreading the coming day and the horrendous ritual that awaited them.
On cue, the soldiers appeared and gathered up a sullen population. They had captured a young man trying to sneak away, and they dragged him before the Khan, who railed at him. At Baku’s hand motion, the wretch was taken to the tree and a noose was placed over his neck. Then he was dragged up into the air, beginning the desperate dance like countless others before. After a prescribed time the man was let down, his legs folding under him. He gasped, fighting for breath. All eyes were on him, a person dying, saying good-bye to this life.
But not this time! Jordan was suddenly there with Hideki beside him, coming through the crowd. Before the soldiers could react, two grenades went sailing over and behind them. With a great bang they exploded, throwing the entire line forward. Some were dead, torn to pieces by the whirling fragments, others cut and pierced by red hot steel. A few in front still stood, as if hit by lightning. One reached for a rifle but the Thompson ripped into his chest.
Another soldier moved, in panic working the bolt of his rifle. A sharp bark from the woods cut him down before he could even load the chamber. Another shot rang out and another soldier collapsed. As promised, Regiment 117 was watching.
Jordan threw another grenade and those of the soldiers who could, scattered, throwing themselves to the ground and rolling away from the explosion. Jordan fired another short burst as a warning and stepped toward the dais. Baku was clutching the arms of his throne, not believing what he saw. His eyes bugged out of his face and his jaw hung open as his mouth sagged in astonishment and fear.
Hideki stepped forward, his tanto flashing and nailing Baku through the shoulder to the back of his chair. Pinned like a giant bug to the mounting board, he struggled feebly. Blood seeped from the wound, his hands fumbling with the hilt, but the pain stopped him from pulling it out. He blubbered in terror. Hideki took a step back and aimed his rifle at the Khan’s stomach.
“No!” Jordan yelled, stepping to the young man on the ground and helping him to his feet. He unwound the noose and gave it into the man’s hand. Then he pointed toward the Khan, and made motions to loop it around his neck. At first the man didn’t understand, and why should he? He had just come back from the other side of death. But the Khan understood and made desperate attempts to escape the cruel pin of the blade holding him.
Then finally the man figured it out, looped the rope around the Khan’s neck and tightened it. Hideki stepped in and jerked the blade out of the wood and flesh. The Khan collapsed onto all fours, as the young man dragged him toward the tree.
Seeing his ruler debased, one of the soldiers made a wrong motion to his peril, unleashing a stream of .45 bullets which nearly cut him in half. The young man threw the rope over the limb and pulled, raising the Khan to his tiptoes. Then suddenly there were other men pulling and the Khan began his dance. More people rushed in suddenly eager to help. The face of Baku became unrecognizable as it turned deep purple and his tongue hung out of his mouth.
Jordan fired the Thompson into the air and startled, the crowd turned toward him. He motioned for them to let the man down. The Khan fell to his knees, his hand working the cruel choke of the noose. He coughed, blood bubbling from his mouth. In silence they all watched him trying to breathe, trying to prolong his life.
“Now,” Jordan yelled and made a motion with the jerk of his arm. Willing hands grabbed the rope and hoisted the Khan into the air. Gurgling blood and foam, Baku fought the noose, his fingers trapped by the tightness of the choke. Again his face turned purple.
Jordan made a motion and again Baku was let down. This time he was visibly weaker, just making feeble motions of protest. There wasn’t much fight left in him. Jordan grabbed the man’s hair, jerked the head up and stared into the crazed eyes just inches away. “That’s for Lila. Lila Blossom, her sister Asa and my daughter Jody.” The eyes didn’t understand, as they didn’t understand anything anymore.
Jordan stepped back, jerked the barrel of the Thompson up, and with a roar the crowd surged in to pull the rope taut. The Khan danced his last dance for his subjects and they hurried him along, one grabbing hold of his legs and putting his weight on them. This time there was no reprieve. The Overlord was dead.
Jordan cast his eyes around and found the soldiers dead on the ground or gone, having slipped away. The wounded who couldn’t, now faced the full anger of the crowd and were torn to pieces.
Sickened by what he had made possible Jordan turned away and found Hideki calmly wiping the tanto on a piece of cloth. “Are we done then?” he asked, his voice toneless.
“We are.” Jordan looked around himself, seeing the people riled up like a beehive that has fallen to the ground. Without another word he turned and marched off to the south road. They left the village, the surrounding fields, and were soon into the trees. They uncovered the dugout and dragged it over to the river.
Jordan climbed in, taking the paddle up and dipping it into the water. Hideki looked around and muttered, “May this place find peace and contentment again.” Then half-in half-out he pushed off. There was a rope of dark smoke rising into the sky behind them which made them wonder what was burning.
For a while they paddled on in silence, the current helping them. Jordan’s face was hard, vengeance like a stone in him, still driving him. With each stroke, however, the anger faded, and he felt empty. He was hardly aware of where he was, why he was. Lila, Lila, it went around in his mind, the finality mixing with the denial. Why? Why? Why? There was no answer, just darkness.
In the afternoon they pulled onto shore and had lunch. Jordan, who had felt his life was over, was surprised how tasty the salted fish was on his tongue. He hadn’t expected to feel anything after the rage had left him. Yet he did. He felt the soft touch of the sun on his face, the breeze that kept the bugs away, and the taste of food in his mouth. Perhaps Hideki was right, he still had a life to lead, for himself, for his dead wife and child. But it made no sense to think of life, so close to the shadow of death.
Finally they left the river estuary and paddled into the rising tide of the sea. The water was choppy, and they had to stop often to bail out what collected on the bottom. The oars were harder to use with the rocking of the boat. Jordan had become a machine, dipping his paddle and pulling on it. Over the last days his brief flash of optimism evaporated, and he ruminated about what could have been: he and Lila with their daughter. His future ended with them. Home, back in America was very far away, and after the war and the unsuccessful quest very unreal. The intervening time had changed all that. He couldn’t connect to the naïve youth he had been then, in a time of peace in the quiet rural community of Walkerton where hardly anything ever happened. Back then he had wished for some excitement to spice up his life a little, and at first the service had offered that, the excitement of the unknown with a hint of danger. The reality, however, proved much too intense. Life and death decided so arbitrarily. He had seen too much and felt too much. He had grown old, much older than his 20 years. And now here he was, in the Andaman Sea, facing a pointless future. 
They paddled along the shore, landing somewhere safe to spend the night. They fished made fire, cooked and ate whatever they scrounged. In some way it was as if they were back on the island again.
Jordan had grown silent, not thinking, not speaking. And for the most part Hideki let him be, except for the most essential communication. Then it was back to paddling again, Jordan up front, Hideki behind guiding the dugout. They made progress slowly bearing south, avoiding fishing villages, living off the bounty of the lush coast. There was plenty of wild fruit to be found and roots and vegetables. And of course, fish, more fish, endless fish and a few aquatic birds and eggs.
Through it all, Jordan felt nothing, and dared to think of nothing, afraid to open the door, because just beyond all the hurt in the world was waiting to pounce with memories of Lila. He was sure that the combined weight of unfulfilled promises and losses would crush him. It was safer not to think. But paddling he could do, a mindless repetition. He left the planning to Hideki and asked no questions.
Hideki kept them going south, hoping to run across a larger ship to take them on board, but all they saw were small native crafts, not much bigger than theirs. Rarely, they stopped at a small fishing village and bought rice and some spices, paying with US dollars. It was amazing that in this remote corner of the world, among the primitives, the dollar was recognized and eagerly snapped up.
When six weeks had passed since leaving Bilin, with Hideki grumbling that they might have to paddle all the way to Japan, they came across a steamer going their way. Hideki bought them a passage to Kuala Lumpur and from there to Singapore. They were given a small cabin with a bare mattress on the floor and room for nothing else. Most of the time it was too hot and humid to stay inside so they stayed on deck in the shadow of the bridge. The ship was old and rusty and looked as if at any moment it would sink, but survived a sudden storm that buffeted them for two days.
Jordan was impervious to his surroundings. He would stare mindlessly at the view of the sea, rarely even turning his head. After such a length of prolonged silence, Hideki tried to engage him without any success. He got a syllable or two, but nothing more meaningful. Slowly he became alarmed and tried harder. When he got too close, Jordan almost snarled at him, “Leave well enough alone.” It seemed that Jordan had grown quite comfortable in his cocoon of denial. He no longer had any need for words, at least as long as Hideki fronted for him and took care of things.
They reached Singapore and after three days Jordan still had no memory of the place. By now Hideki was very concerned. He felt that the only option was to take Jordan back to Japan and have him live there. He just couldn’t see how, in his present state, Jordan could survive without someone looking after him. 
“Wake up Jordan. You have to wake up!” Hideki insisted, shaking Jordan vigorously.
It took a lot of shaking before Jordan finally asked, “What do you want?”
“For you to wake up and stay in the present.”
“I’m awake,” Jordan muttered but in half a minute he was gone, retreating into a state of “not-being.”
Hideki consulted a doctor, who gave him some medicines to try, but they did nothing.
He tried a Christian priest next, who upon listening, suggested a form of exorcism, driving the devil out, getting rid of the possession. Hideki found this to be too extreme and looked further. In his frustration he consulted a spiritualist, who recommended a session with the “dragon.”
“What do you mean?” Hideki asked.
“Chasing the dragon,” the man said mysteriously, by which Hideki understood an opium daze.
Jordan’s withdrawal had reached such an advanced stage that Hideki was ready to try anything. In a back alley of Singapore he found an opium den, and went in to try it out. Inside, after paying the asking price, he was shown a mattress and told to lie down, which he did, turning on his side. He was given a dream pipe charged with a pinch of opium. By observing his neighbors, just like them, Hideki heated the bowl of the pipe over a lamp and inhaled the vapor through the long stem. Then he let his head down and surrendered to the feelings the drug induced. A feeling of well-being washed over him and evoked a dream state. He saw himself and his life, in full color like never before, images and sequences infused with euphoria. Time seemed to have stopped, and scene after scene spun by in front of him; it seemed like years before he returned from this dreamscape. There was still a glow, but he was starting to feel cold, and somehow abandoned, as if love had been withdrawn. He coughed, “So that was chasing the dragon.” Somehow he was seeing reality in a different light. And the feeling stayed with him as he went back to rejoin Jordan.
The next day he carefully reexamined his experience. The mystery was still with him, aware that something had changed, but what? His perceptions surely, but in a good or a bad way? It had illuminated parts of his memory, colored it, highlighted it, and repackaged it into something pleasant. In that recognition, he found what he was looking for to help Jordan. Opium to open the doors that his friend has closed so tightly. But wasn’t it dangerous? Perhaps the Dragon would turn on him and destroy him. Then he remembered the euphoria, the near ecstasy that would keep Jordan above the hurt. Yes, this could be the key to help Jordan find himself again.
He led Jordan to the den, paid for a pipe for him, and settled him on the mattress. It was harder to get him to inhale, but in time he did and he disappeared all over again, but into a dream state. Hideki sat by him, carefully tracking every expression that crossed his friend’s face. The face that had been so devoid of any nuance of emotions, relaxed and took on a glow. Hideki realized that Jordan was chasing his dragon. A pervasive wish to stay in a world of well-being and euphoria. Hideki himself had a strong compulsion to chase the dragon again and this time capture it, but he knew that such was the way of bondage to the beast, an addiction to trap him.
Jordan came out of the session slowly, dazed, vacillating between the different realities. Eventually he settled on one, not quite where he had been, but not entirely in the present.
“I need something to drink,” Jordan said, his mouth dry.
“Something alcoholic?” Hideki asked, trying to figure out Jordan’s expression.
“Something very alcoholic.”
They found a tavern not far away on the waterfront and had a shot of whiskey followed by a beer chaser. Jordan wiped his mouth. “I’m not sure what happened in there. I saw and understood things… I can’t describe in this world. Part of it was my story… but told differently. It showed me a way that I can live and not be just a ghost in my life.” Hideki was glad that the intervention had worked.
It took days for Hideki to realize that though Jordan was back, it wasn’t fully. He did everything that was needed, though he still showed a lack of initiative. He no longer disappeared for days on end, but still had one foot somewhere else. He evidenced no likes or dislikes, although he could talk of Lila again without freezing up.
“I know she’s dead, and I have to live on. I don’t know if I can feel again, at least not like before… but the present no longer scares me.”
“What will you do?”
“Go home, start a new life. What else can I do?”
“You have family there. That will help.” Jordan just nodded.
The next day Hideki went to the shipping office and bought them passage to Manila. It took them three weeks to reach their destination after an uneventful crossing of the South China Sea. Most times Hideki read, while Jordan took more of an interest in the crew and other passengers, even playing cards in the salon.
In Manila Jordan went to the American Office and got himself a flight departing for the States in two days. Hideki booked a passage for himself back to Japan, to leave on the morrow. They spent the day and evening together, subdued by the imminent parting.
“Hideki, my friend, if I ever get marooned again I’ll send an invitation for you. You have been a true friend and I thank you. I’m sure that somehow we’ll meet up again.”
“You too have been a good friend and taught me a lot about myself. I’ll treasure these memories. I’m deeply sorry about Lila and I hope you’ll find happiness again. As for myself, I’ll be the best husband, the best father that I can be. I owe it to the comrades I lost not to waste my life.”
“I guess that’s true for me too. I’ll have to remember 927 and keep alive their memories. But I don’t know if I could ever be happy again, not like with Lila.”
Next day Hideki left and Jordan waved to him from the dock. He watched the ship shrink and the figure of his friend grow smaller and smaller. Then the ship rounded a corner and disappeared altogether. Jordan felt another door closing, but also a new one opening for himself.
In the morning, he mounted the DC-3 for the flight to Hawaii then onto San Diego. The rest of the trip he would make by train. It had been five long years since he had been home in Walkerton, and nearly three since he had lost Lila.

Chapter 14
Jordan sleepwalked through his first year back home. He ate, he slept and he worked. He rarely said anything and only if necessary. He had become a machine that did whatever it was set to do or whatever was in front of it. He didn’t want or ask for anything. He didn’t smile and sure as hell he didn’t laugh. It seemed he had found refuge in work. God knows there was enough work on a farm.
His mother grew desperate trying to awaken him, but no matter what she did, it made no difference. Her best cooking and baking went unnoticed. He had forgotten his favorite foods and that he used to like go swimming or hunting. When he wasn’t working, he sat on the porch swing motionless, just staring out over the flatness of the land. What was he looking at? Or for? When she asked, he mumbled something like, “…nothing,” or “was I?”
“It’s the war,” Mr. Walker said to his wife. “He’s seen things and experienced things that no man should. I remember my brother. He never talked of war or the trenches. Only when he was drunk and he really had to be smashed to even say anything. He was angry with the world, and why not? He lost an arm and leg. I would’ve been angry too. Jordan left a part of himself back there. What? We may never know. Maybe time will heal the wounds we can’t see. For now, don’t ask or push him, but pray.” Mother prayed. How she prayed. She started the day with prayer and ended it with a prayer, calling on God to give her eldest son back to her.
There were other signs as well, that Mr. Walker reported. “Jordan was helping me fix the fence on the north end of the pasture, holding the u-nail so I could hammer the wire to the post. I missed and hit his hand. He didn’t say anything, not even ‘ouch.’ It was as if he didn’t feel it. It wasn’t a real hard blow but enough to hurt—but somehow not him. He picked up another nail and held it for me to hit, all without saying one word. It’s eerie. I look in his face and don’t recognize him.”
And at another time: “Remember how it was? Rusty and Jordan. Jordan loved that dog and they were best of pals. Rusty went wild every time Jordan came through the door. Look at them now. He barely sees her, and sure as hell Rusty don’t recognize him, but stays on her blanket not even raising her head. I tell you it’s most peculiar.”
Days later, father and son were hooking up the hay wagon to the tractor. Mr. Walker took a rest, as he wasn’t as young as he used to be. Jordan was his quiet self, waiting for the next step.
“Jordan!” Mr. Walker called. Jordan just turned his head. “Who’s Camilla?” Jordan blinked, but made no answer. “You know how the walls are thin in the house, and I heard you again last night calling for Camilla. It sounded like a nightmare. I came to your door and called to you but you didn’t answer. So who is Camilla?” A cloud passed over Jordan’s face and it was obvious that he didn’t want to answer. When his father asked again, he mumbled, “Just someone I knew…”
When later Mr. Walker related the episode to his wife, he had had more time to think about it. “Whoever Camilla is, he or she is a key to Jordan’s strange behavior. We have to find out who Camilla is, but don’t ask him.”
“You don’t suppose it’s that girl who wrote long ago… claiming she was pregnant?”
“Wasn’t she called Tia or something? No, no, he was calling for Camilla.” He strode around in the living room trying to get to the bottom of this. “Didn’t Jordan get a mail postmarked from Connecticut from someone he served with?”
“Yes we did. That is Jordan did, it’s still on his dresser. I wonder if he even read it?”
“Well, let’s write to this fellow, explain Jordan’s condition and ask him what he knows about it. He might know who Camilla is.”
“That he might. Let’s do it.” That day they wrote, and Mr. Walker drove into town just to mail the letter so Jordan wouldn’t see it.

When Jordan started coming out of his long sleep he found the world had changed. It didn’t look unfamiliar but things were definitely not as he remembered them. Whoever heard of paying 6 cents for a bottle of soda and since when did a pack of cigarettes cost 45 cents? In fact everything was more expensive. Food, clothes, cars… everything. He went to buy a shirt and had to return home to get more money as what he had on him was not nearly enough. 
Farm work had changed too. There were more machines working the land, planting or harvesting. Even the Walker family farm had new irrigation for the vegetable garden and the adjoining orchard. Each bit of pasture had a water pipe running to an automatic trough. They didn’t need to fill it from the mobile tank. In the barn there was a new milking machine for the two cows that provided for the farm.
The cars were different too. More flashy, bright with chrome. The radio sounded different as well, the news brash and self-satisfied, the music more frantic.
Even movies had changed. There were many war films being played by a new crew of actors and actresses. Jordan didn’t go to see them, but the movie posters made it obvious.
On their road in the past only the Walkers and the Harrisons used to get the Bugle, now everyone did. The community that had cared little for what went on in the outside world had picked up its ears because of the war. Also, everyone now had radios and telephones. 
Moreover the talk was still about the war and its aftermath. The government had downplayed the damage done by the a-bombs in Japan, but at the same time strutted around with this new weapon. Look world, there is a new sheriff in town and he comes packing and loaded.
The scales were slow to clear from Jordan’s eyes as he noted subtle differences in the surroundings and even in people. For instance, more people were smoking now, surprisingly even women, something they had never done before, not in Oklahoma. The skirts climbed higher and the women wore brighter clothes. There was a new self-confidence that replaced the shyness he had been used too. It also seemed that boys and girls were freer with each other, meeting up outside of church socials.
The tone in church changed too. It was more belligerent and more oriented toward the outside world. It has lost some of its self-absorption. Of course it still demonized the Nazis and the Japanese, calling down condemnation on them. The sermon even criticized the new threat of Communism.
Slowly Jordan noticed these and other differences but they didn’t really speak to him; he was still outside of them. What did it matter, anyway? He had no plans for himself and he didn’t make any. He did his work, and that was enough. He had been home now for over two years but only drove into town when he had to.

In the mid-July heat, Jordan leaned over the engine of the Allis-Chalmers, the wrench working a rusted-on bolt loose. He sucked in his breath painfully when the wrench slipped, and he barked his knuckles. It was a 23 year old machine with not everything working right, but at least it was long paid for. Wiping his sweaty brow, he took the cowling off and pulled out the filter element. As expected it was choked with fine dust preventing air flow to the carburetor. Stepping away from the tractor, he tapped the filter against the heel of his palm until the dust stopped smoking from it. He should soak it in white gas, but the filter had been soaked too often already so he decided against it. He went to the compressed air machine and blew the rest of the dust out of the folds. Returning to the tractor, he wiped out the housing before he reinserted the filter and tightened the cover down again. That should do it, saving $12.50 at the Truck and Motor Shop. As he turned the ignition key, the engine coughed into life with more confidence than before. He let it run until the engine noise smoothed out and settled into a steady rumble. Satisfied, he shut the tractor off and wiped his hands on a rag. The sound reminded him of the Packards on the PT.
He put the tools away and mopped his forehead again, looking around at the flat Oklahoma countryside. There was a line of fluffy clouds to the southwest, but not the towering dark rolls that spun off tornadoes. Still, you never knew, not in Oklahoma.
“Jordan!” he heard his mother yell from the kitchen door. “Lunch.”
He went to the water trough and washed his face and hands. In the heat, the water felt tepid and he thought wistfully of the river not five miles away. Maybe later, he would drive over to take a dip, which half the countryside was probably already doing.
Walking to the front he saw his brother’s new car in the driveway. A flashy red Oldsmobile, with a radio that sounded as if the musicians were in the car with you. And his brother bragged about the upholstery and the white wall tires. Not a car for the family farm. But Adam worked as head salesman for The Chesolm Factory and could afford such luxuries. Mom at least was proud of her son’s rise in the world; Dad just grumbled that he should have invested in land: there were farms to be had for the asking. But Adam knew what it took to be a farmer, and come 5:00 o’clock quitting time he was glad to leave his work at the factory.
Adam and Bea and little Charles were in the parlor chatting with Dad. Mom was getting the food on the table, pot roast with gravy, mashed potatoes and boiled carrots. This was nothing fancy for the midweek.
“Come and get it,” Mrs. Walker called and they all trooped into the small dining room, taking their usual seats. It had needed a while to work out the new arrangement. After all, Jordan had been away at war, while Adam had gotten married and now had two sons, one away visiting with Uncle Bill in Chesterwood.
They sat and waited for their father to say the blessing. “Dear God give us health and strength to do all that we have to do today and every day. Let the devil know that he isn’t wanted here. For Jesus’ sake, A-men.” Everybody reached for something on the table. As always Adam was quick to grab the meat in hope of getting the best cut. But then Mr. Walker remembered something important. “And dear God, please remember Daisy. Let her give birth to a healthy calf, as good a milker as her mother is. A-men.”
“A-men,” they all echoed.
Their mother also had a wish, “And bless us with more joy in our lives. A-men.” More A-mens followed. Jordan knew that the last was aimed at him specifically. She had been pushing eligible girls on him for his consideration. “You’re 24 now and it’s time to find yourself a good woman to make into a wife.” She always stressed the good, as if worried he would go for the other kind, as had cousin Harry, and look where they were now. She weighed 250 pounds, smoked like a chimney and he drank like a fish.
Typically Jordan ignored her hints, but together with Bea it was hard, as they tended to gang up on him. “I saw Alice in the store today and she asked after you. You went to school together, didn’t you?”
“Same year, different class.” At one time she had interested him, but after Lila he had no yen for any woman.
“She looked very pretty. Did you know she’s head cashier at the bank and is earning a good salary? A good job that is. Ever since the war’s been over, a lot of jobs have been lost and people are feeling the pinch.” As always, Bea was full of such news. When it wasn’t Alice then it was Emily just around the corner. Her family had a prosperous farm and she was the only heir. Then there was Colleen, who sold shoes at Basques, Georgina who worked halftime at the library and Charity who was steady at the cheese factory. All ladies with solid reputations and most importantly, incomes. “In times like this, you need two incomes to make a living,” Bea declared, although she herself didn’t work.
Sometimes Jordan mentioned Chloe who worked in the local tavern and had a less than savory reputation. Or Francine who was a dance teacher, but if it could be believed, provided more than just dancing lessons. He used these ladies as a shield against the collusion between his mother and sister-in-law. The fact was that he considered that part of his life dead, buried back in Burma. It jarred him sometimes to think of places halfway around the world but to find himself waking up each day in the bed he had grown up in. As if the war had never happened. As if he had not loved at all, and lost everything. Mostly he stayed quiet, and if he had a conversation, it was with himself in his thoughts.
Now that Adam had finished eating, he talked a lot, about the local congressman, the shenanigans in the state capitol and the latest scandal in Washington, just not Jesus and Christianity, the foundation of their mother’s world view, something she tried to drag into any discussion.
“The Good Book says a man should take a wife, settle down and raise children in the knowledge of God. Be a productive member of society,” she said now.
“It’s too hot outside to do much,” Jordan said, trying to head off the topic. “I think I’ll drive over to Clear Pond to cool down.”
“Good idea, Son. It must be into the 90’s,” his father chirped in. He didn’t swim much now, but used to when he was younger, and had met his first girlfriend there, whose name wasn’t to be mentioned aloud in this house—not in presence of mother, thank you.
“Some mail arrived. Looks to be some army stuff. Sam drove out all this way to deliver it.”
“Maybe it’s the new GI bill,” Adam guessed, stuffing himself with rhubarb pie.
“I’ll look at it when I come back. Hot as it is now, the paper will stick to my hands.” Still he waited for the coffee to be served.
Bea talked on, as usual. She was a regular gossip machine. “A new store’s coming to town. A fancy ladies’ apparel boutique, Worthington or something. Walkerton is growing, adding to itself. And not all white I tell you. There’s a Chinese laundry, a black woman selling charms, a Mexican leather and shoe repair, a tea shop where the Lemon Brothers used to sell soap and cosmetics, a rice and noodle shop, a Mexican bean eatery and a fancy eastern Italian place selling pizzas as if we were in New York.”
“Italians are white,” Jordan said quietly.
“True, but the way they carry on they’re like the Spanish.”
“The Spanish are white,” Jordan said, much to Bea’s irritation.
“You know what really gets my goat?” Adam demanded loudly. “They let all the interned Japs loose in our country. They can go anywhere they like now. That’s where our laundryman comes from. I don’t know if I could ever trust those sons of bitches. Who knows when they would bomb Pearl Harbor again, given half a chance.”
“Easy now, Son,” Mr. Walker cautioned. “No use getting yourself so worked up in this heat. The war’s won. We have MacArthur sitting on them tight, like a fat man in an outhouse. They won’t make any trouble.”
“Silas, mind your tongue!”
“What’s to mind? What’s true is true. What do you say Jordan? You fought them.”
“They’re tough fighters, and we lost many good men finding that out.” Jordan kept his tone deceptively mild.
“I think...” Bea pitched her voice to indicate she was about to announce a major truism. “That yellow-skins and colored people should stay where they belong. This is God’s country, made to be white and Christian. We don’t need anyone teaching us that God is anything but white.” She looked around challengingly.
Jordan swallowed his retort, just a half inch from his lips. He got up, pushed his chair under the table, and said, “I guess I’ll be going now.” And he left the table.
“Hey, if you see Palmer there, tell him he still owes me a 5 spot,” Adam yelled after him.
It was good that Jordan didn’t hear what transpired next. Bea was shaking her head. “I don’t know about him. He hasn’t shown any interest since he came back. Not in girls anyway. Don’t you find that strange?”
“He will in time,” Mr. Walker said, sipping on his coffee.
“What do you mean?” Mrs. Walker asked.
“Well, it just doesn’t seem natural. Maybe he developed an interest in… men.” Bea threw in the bombshell.
“Ridiculous!” father said.
“Oh my goodness!” came from the mother.
“Uhhm,” Adam considered. “There might be something to that. He served on PT boats, that’s fourteen men on 80 feet, living elbow to elbow, barely even dressed. The Hardy boy told me that and he would know, he served in the Navy. What if Jordan picked up the habit… you know, living in such close quarters, almost without any privacy.”
“Stands to reason. Look at the Norris boy, he came back… different. He stayed only six months before heading to the city… to find companionship. Maybe Jordan is bent that way too,” Bea offered.
“Rubbish!” Mr. Walker said. “And I thank you for not spreading such nonsense around.” He was angry and the newspaper trembled in his hands.
“I’m sure you’re wrong,” Leah Walker said, wringing her hands. “Jordan knows what the Good Book says. He would do no such thing.”

After putting on the swimming trunks, Jordan came down again. In the foyer he took the key to the Ford and found the engine hard to start. He suspected that condensation had gotten into the tank, something he would have to deal with sooner or later.
He had been back nearly three years, but still didn’t feel at home. Everything was familiar and he knew his way around, but nothing seemed quite real. He didn’t care about anything. Outside of the flashes of irritation that Bea evoked in him, he didn’t feel. He had no needs, no plans, no dreams, nothing to drive him forward.
At times he got sick of it, and wished that there could be a spark of interest for a girl that would quicken him, but all he saw was that they all fell short of Lila. They knew nothing of life. Never had to fight for anything, having lived secure in someone else’s care.
He looked into the rearview mirror but saw only the plume of dust he had raised. He decided to drive into Walkerton and get a new filter for the tractor. The one he cleaned this morning hardly had any life left; it was bound to go soon.
Jordan drove down Main Street, because of Bea conscious for the first time of the expansion in the town. He spotted the Mexican leather shop right next to the Mexican beanery. Six shops down were the Rice and Noodle shop and the Italian Pizza restaurant. Again he felt dislocated. This was no longer the place he had grown up in. It was a bit of a surprise too; over the last years he rarely came to town, but when he did, he had blinders on, saw nothing but the specific task he had to accomplish. But today was somehow different.
Jordan pulled up in front of Truck and Auto Parts and went inside. A noisy fan pushed the fetid air around. There was a smell of grease and oil in the place, mixed with fine dust that blew in whenever anyone opened the door.
“Why Jordan, I haven’t seen you in ages,” a glad voice welcomed him. It was Suzie Preston, the girl who had sat beside him in school for six years.
“Suzie? Nice to see you.” He tried to inject some enthusiasm into his voice, but it sounded hollow in his ears.
“We were just talking about you the other day. Why is it we never see you? You’ve been home three years.” Her eyes concentrated on him, trying to see behind his face.
“I haven’t been well...” he said lamely. “Can’t sleep. Have nightmares.”
“You poor thing,” Suzie said in sympathy. “My uncle came back like that. In the end he committed suicide.” A shadow crossed her face. “You’re not... thinking of that, are you?”
“Oh, no, no! I just haven’t found my place yet. I feel like a square peg trying to fit into a round hole. No matter which way I turn, it just won’t go in.”
“Jordan, I remember you well. And if there’s anything me or Sam can do for you, please, please ask.”
“You married Sam Hutton?” She nodded brightly. “Well, then congratulations. I always said he was a decent guy.”
“Yes, and now we’ve got a boy and a girl.” She saw his face fall. “I’m sorry. Were you married?”
“Almost,” he could barely admit it. She saw the tension on his face and asked no more.
“A number 2 truck filter please.”
She went to the back and returned in several minutes. “I knew we had one, just not where. That’ll be $2.11.” He paid, she gave him change and he turned to go.
At the door, she called after him, “Jordan, why don’t you go to the Veterans? They’re open anytime. There’s Billy, and you know Nick, he got wounded in Sicily. Saunders, he’ll talk your head off about Italian girls, yet when he came home he married a Scottish gal. Jimmy’s just the same as ever, the war didn’t touch him any. You know that Shane died in Normandy? Tobias is still over there, serving in Berlin. We lost track of Rudy, but he’s alive in Chicago, someone saw him there. Anyway these are people you know, they’ll be glad to see you again.”
“Thank you Suzie. I’ll think about it.” He let the door snap closed behind him. Suzie was a nice person. He had always thought that. He climbed back into the car, made a broad U-turn and headed down the street. At Hutt’s Emporium, Matthew Walker waved at him; he was a distant cousin, a number of times removed.
Walkerton High School was exactly as he remembered it, a large brick structure with gothic windows, the Stars and Stripes flying on the flagpole out front. On the outskirts of Walkerton, he passed the athletic field, where they had played football or baseball on summer nights. He passed the town limits, startled to note the welcome sign, Walkerton, population 8,654! When he had left there were fewer than 5,000. Where had all these people come from and why? And he had driven this stretch scores of times, why had he not noticed these things before?
A line of trees edged the river. He drove past Pike’s Hole, likely too popular and crowded for his mood. The same with Green Frog Pond, that boasted a small waterfall everyone like to stand under. He chose Locust Hill, the smallest and quietest of the swimming holes. He parked the car, grabbed his towel from the back and clambered down the slope. There were some kids on the other side, their voices booming among the rocks. He shucked out of his pants and shirt and eased himself into the water. It was chest deep and refreshingly cool. For the first time that day he felt something good, that wasn’t spoiled by too many words that stirred up memories. Slowly he relaxed in the lazy flow of the river. At this time of the year the water wasn’t high, but high enough to fill these holes. A bug skittered by on the surface, fascinating him with its long legs skimming along. It surprised him that the bug had caught his interest. He sat in the water, listening to the twitter of the birds, and the rustle of the breeze through the foliage. A car honked on the road and several kids left.
Finding himself comfortable, Jordan climbed out and lay down on a warm stone, lacing his fingers behind his neck, staring at a patch of the sky above. He might have dozed, his eyes shut. The noise of a plane breaking into his consciousness snapped him awake, making him scan the sky for enemy aircraft. But it was only a crop duster flying home, probably McNaughton in his ancient biplane. The craft soon disappeared, but it took him a lot longer to loosen the tight ball in his guts. He remembered Hideki, back at home on his little farm, hopefully happy with his wife and child. Perhaps that flash of gratitude alone was worth the pain of survival. Jordan had to admit that he was sleepwalking through his life. Everybody was trying to shake him out of it, but it was too much bother, and why...? To feel even more alone? No thank you.
No! Lila wouldn’t have wanted this! Had she survived and I died, she would have made a life for herself and our child! He was sure of it. Hideki was right, I must try for her sake, to honor her memory. Who else on this earth would remember her as I do? Who else carries her in his heart? The surge of pain was unbearable. Before he could stop himself he was crying.
The children on the other side were playing, throwing a ball around. A boy about six threw wide and the ball landed near Jordan but he was too hurt to care. Two girls came over, one with smooth dark brown skin and the other a little lighter. They scrambled over the rocks and raced for the ball. The dark brown girl won because the other was distracted by Jordan. Just about the age Jody would have been, it struck him like a blow. He gasped out in fresh pain.
“Are you all right?” the black girl asked, her expression almost swallowed by the darkness of her skin. The other girl just looked on big eyed, probably not having seen many grown men cry.
“Yes... yes. I’m OK. I think a bee’s stung me.” He tried to cover up. Nodding the girls turned and scampered back to the other side. Jordan watched them a while, envying them their carefree day, their energy, and the fact they had no past burdens to grind into them.
In time the children disappeared, taking their joy with them. Wearily, Jordan climbed back into the river, for one more cool-down.
When he got back to the farm his brother was gone. His father was driving bales of hay on the tractor for the cattle in the feed lot. Jordan felt guilty: he had made that one of his chores. Inside the kitchen his mother was sitting at the table, a cup of tea in her hand. Her face was sad and serious.
“Jordan, sit down please. Let me get you a glass of lemonade.” Jordan sat and she handed him a chilled glass from the refrigerator. “I want to talk to you.” Jordan cringed inside, no more selling me a wife, please!
“I, that is your father and I read the letter...”
“What letter?”
“The letter Sam drove out to us today. It was in a military envelope and we thought it was for you, but it was addressed to us...” Her face crinkled up, and she daubed her eyes with the corner of her apron.
“Yes? What is it, Mom?”
“It’s the letter you wrote to us. Years ago. From somewhere in China I think. You and your friend were going to rescue the girl you wanted to marry. It was something very dangerous you were undertaking. And your lives were at great risk...” She started crying earnestly, her kindly face dissolving into anguish.
The letter he had written and given to Nha to post, so if something bad happened, his parents would at least know where and why. He had almost forgotten writing it; so much had happened since. Why had it taken more than three years to arrive? The envelope was covered with stamps as the letter was bounced from one post to the next, searching for him. Was Oklahoma that difficult to find?
“I’m sorry Mom. I didn’t mean to hurt or frighten you...”
“No, I’m glad you did. At least I now know what happened and why you’re the way you are.”
“I’m all right now. Really.”
“No, you’re not all right. Your face, the way you walk tells me so. Let’s not let lies come between us. I need your help to help me help you. You’re my son. And I’d gladly bear any pain for you. Together we can face and get over things. Even this.” She lifted her tear streaked face to him. He started crying too, the tears cascading down his face. She took both his hands in hers, her fragile, bony fingers clutching at his.
Mr. Walker came in, his face a puzzle of worry lines. “So you told him?”
“Not everything,” she said weakly. “I didn’t have the strength.” What??! Not everything??! What else was there?
Silas Walker was a big man, but he wasn’t now. His shoulders sagged as if carrying some great burden. He went to the cupboard and fished out a bottle of whiskey from the back. Taking two glasses, he came and sat heavily down at the table. He poured out half a glass and pushed one over to Jordan. He took a gulp, scrunching his face as the whiskey burned its way down.
“Son, your mom and I are very sorry for what you’ve gone through. The risks you took for this girl. We assume that she’s dead.” For a reply Jordan slammed the heavy glass down on the table. “But there’s more. Some time back, we got a letter from her. Telling us that you were dead, but she wanted us to know that she was with child. She asked for nothing, just wanted us to know.” Leah Walker started crying in earnest again. “Son, forgive us. We’d just been notified by the War Office that you were dead, then we got this letter from her to confirm it. Then her news. But we thought she was some foreign gold digger trying to cash in on your death. We wrote back a not so welcoming letter and we never heard from her again.” He took another gulp of the whiskey and shook his head. “Then your letter arrived that you weren’t dead, and we no longer knew what to believe. Then much later, the War Office corrected themselves and we could finally rejoice. It wasn’t some cruel trick, you were given back to us.” He tried to smile though his tears. “We wrote to her again, promising help, but never got anything back.”
Jordan couldn’t breathe; his chest was in an emotional vise. He didn’t know what to say, how to make it right. His father continued, “Then today we got this letter written over three years ago, that told us how much you loved her, wanted to marry her and how you were prepared to risk your life to rescue her. We realized that she must have died and our grandchild with her. My heart broke then, as it’s breaking now.” He lowered his head into his hands and his frame shook, so that the whole table shook with him. “I’m sorry Son... you had a right to expect better from us...” Leah Walker rushed to her husband and covered him with her frail body.
In the mix of emotions, Jordan suddenly realized how old his parents were, and how devastated. He had to do something.
“Lila was a wonderful woman. She was brave and strong and in all this world I miss her the most. And I know this: she would want me... us to be happy, to lead a fulfilled life, not be rotting away with regret. Today I realize that. And I promise to change as she would want me to.” And at that moment he believed it.
“But Son, we let you and her down. And we feel terrible about it,” Silas Walker said.
“If I had a second chance Dad, I would do better too.” More regret. “But... but we must forgive ourselves, so that we can start over again. I’ll always love her, and always remember her, but I can’t be a hostage to a ghost.” He fished out his wallet, and from the secret compartment he pulled out the only picture he had of her. He handed it over to his Dad. With trembling fingers he took it and looked at the faded photo, wiping his eyes.
“She’s a beautiful girl, her face so perfect... her eyes shining, and a smile that warms the heart...” It was a shy, half smile, taken during a happy day in Port Moresby. Mr. Walker drew a kerchief from his pocket and blew his nose noisily. “Leah, get her letter.”
“I don’t have it. I burned it.”
“No you didn’t. It’s better to have everything out in the open so we all can heal again.”
Leah scurried from the room, her fists twisting in her apron. Moments later she returned with another military envelope. She handed it over to Jordan. “I’m sorry.”
“I know, Mom. We’re all very sorry.” He extracted the sheet and unfolded it. The letters swam before his eyes, but he forced himself to see through the tears. “My dear Mister and Missus Walker. It pains me very much to tell you that your son Jordan is dead. He was my intended and the father of the child I carry. I ask you for nothing, only wishing to let you know, that a part of him is within the life that’s in me. If it’s a girl I will name her Jody, and if a boy, I will give him his father’s name, Jordan. I ask God’s blessing on you and me and the child. Lila Blossom.”
They sat silent, while outside the sun sank below the horizon. The darkness was filled with their heavy sighs. “Mom, Dad. Tonight we’ll close this page and start fresh tomorrow. We still have a life to lead. Let’s fill it with good things and not with the sad burdens of the past. I’ll remember her laughter, not her tears. I’ll remember her love and find renewed joy in it. If you want to help me, then you must cast away the sorrow not to remind me of it. This is a new covenant, I’ll make with you, like in the bible. I won’t cry any longer. I’ll smile and greet each day. And I’ll thank God for all of us.” He stood up and quietly went upstairs.
He undressed and slipped into bed, pulling the sheet to his chin. “Tomorrow you begin a new life.”

Chapter 15
Jordan was shopping in the grocery store, in search of baking powder on his mother’s list, when he noticed a woman browsing the shelves. Suddenly he recognized Dorothy Summers, who played Juliet in the high school play in their senior year. He had been one of the Capulets, nobody important.
“How goes the day, fair Juliet?” he tried to remember the exact words.
“Jordan!” Dorothy flashed him a sunny smile and Jordan suddenly felt a twinge of feelings. “I heard you were back! What I can’t understand is where you’ve been all this time? It’s been over three years.”
“My head hasn’t been right. Full of wrong memories. Couldn’t shake them. But I feel better lately and I’m looking forward to catching up with people.” He had said it so many times the past two weeks that he had started to really believe it.
“Gary said he saw you at the Veteran’s Hall. I told him to invite you to an evening with us. I try to organize something at least once a month. Life would be so boring without entertainment.” She gave him a calculating look. Jordan smiled to himself; she was assessing the quality of his work clothes. “Are you going with anyone presently?”
“You mean am I dating?”
“Yes, if you want to put it that way. Anyone special?”
“No, nobody. I seem to have forgotten how. The war does that to a person.”
“Really? Gary came home randier than ever. Where did you serve?”
“The Pacific.”
“Ah. Then I have to find someone exotic for you. I know a couple of girls who’d be happy to meet you. Seriously.”
“I thought it was the man who had to chase and bag the girl.” Jordan tried to remain lighthearted.
“Yeah, back in the stone age maybe. Believe me, I can do much better for you than you could ever do for yourself.”
“Well, why not?” Jordan blazed out, biting the bullet: he had to start somewhere. Hadn’t he promised?
“Good. See you this Friday around 6:00 at the house and I’ll introduce you to someone very special. Wear something casual.” Dorothy sparkled. Her net was cast and had caught a fish. She suddenly had a new project, to lead a lost soul back into the fold. She lived for moments like this.
Jordan paid for the groceries and drove home, fighting with himself for what he had let himself in for. He remembered Singapore; maybe he needed a shot at the dragon again to open up the world for him. No, that wasn’t right. If he was to go through the rebirth, he would have to do it by his own strength.
His mother was overjoyed when she heard. “You mean Dorothy Summers, who considers herself the leading socialite of our little town? There, you’re in good hands. She’s smart and she’ll find somebody suitable. Don’t worry about that.” But of course he worried. How would Dorothy know, when he didn’t know himself?
The next day he got his best shirt and pants to the Chinese laundry, and went shopping for new shoes. He was coming outside with his package, when he stumbled over a little girl and knocked her ice cream out of her hand. It was the girl from the swimming hole. She looked at him perplexed.
“Does the bee sting still hurt you?” she asked, her eyes serious.
“No, not at all.” He smiled at her. “But I must buy you a new ice cream.”
“My mother says not to accept anything from a stranger.” Her eyes again mustered him and he was struck by her seriousness.
“But we’re not strangers. We met at the swimming hole, remember?”
“I remember,” she nodded, then followed him into Peaches and Cream Ice Parlor where he bought her a chocolate-mint cone.
Outside they parted, the girl bowing slightly in Asian fashion. “Thank you, Mister.”
“You’re very welcome Missy,” he said and returned her bow.
Friday was slow to roll around and it was with considerable trepidation that he approached the large house in the better half of town. The lawn was well maintained and the flower beds freshly planted with new blooms. He knocked on the door which was opened by Gary.
“Ah, Jordan. It’s for you, Hon,” Gary yelled back into the house. He grabbed Jordan by the elbow and drew him inside. He whispered, “Now don’t let her bully you into something you don’t want. Insist on somebody who’s first rate.”
“Do I have that many choices?” Jordan tried to play along with the bantering tone.
“Ah. She always has more than one card up her sleeve, my friend, you might want to keep that in mind.”
“Jordan, how good of you to come.” Dorothy was there, perfect and radiant. “Come let me show you around.” Inside the main room there were groups of people standing around chatting with each other. On Jordan’s entrance many paused to take him in. “You know most people here, but there are a few new ones you need to meet. This is Peter Salinger, the Chief Executive of our town and his lovely wife Selina. This is Jordan Walker, after whose family the town’s named.”
Smoothly Dorothy steered him around introducing him until his head spun from the avalanche of names and faces. She squeezed his arm to let him know that something special was coming next. “And this is my good friend Agnes Munro, the head librarian we stole from Corning New York. If you need any book I recommend you to her competence.” Jordan mumbled something hopefully appropriate, giving the lady’s hand a slight squeeze. She had dark lovely eyes and a generous mouth. She smiled easily, but didn’t give it all away.
“I heard about you. A decorated veteran.”
“A Purple Heart picked up in Okinawa.” She made a slight face but added hastily, “Oh, I apologize. My brother lost three fingers in Okinawa. I can’t think kindly of that place.”
“Nor can I, obviously. I’m sorry for your brother’s injury but given that he survived, he did better than many others,” Jordan said without thinking. She disappeared behind her face, as the sun went behind a cloud. He felt he had lost points with her for rekindling an unpleasant memory.
“Come, let’s continue,” Dorothy said, drawing on his arm. “Agnes is a very fine lady. If a man wants to woo her, he must listen first and speak later.” Jordan felt as if his knuckles had been rapped, like back in grade 4 by Miss Loman, the English teacher. “And this is Sarah Homer. She and her husband run the best catering business in town. I’m sure I don’t know what I would do without her. And this is her lovely niece Lorraine Johnson visiting us from Austin.” This time the eyes he met were bold and there was no mistaking the question in them.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Jordan said, getting into the swing of it. He bestowed the special smile he reserved for these occasions. It wasn’t much of a surprise when they were left alone. Jordan figured the whole room was aware and many corners of eyes watched his progress.
“I guess you’re my date,” Lorraine said, coolly practical.
“Not necessarily. I was given a choice and I assume you were too. So do we flip a coin or what?” He decided to be presumptuous. Lorraine, he suspected, was a “new” woman, full of her own sense and power.
“OK. I flip heads, what do you flip?” He was tempted to say tails, but resisted.
“I’m flipping out of my mind. Can I get you something to drink perhaps?”
The evening turned out to be quite interesting. Jordan found himself on a razor’s edge, trying to be witty and cosmopolitan. In rural Oklahoma, wasn’t that a laugh? But he felt himself challenged and stimulated, able to make points when needed. He wasn’t the life of the party, but he wasn’t the dullness of it either. He felt fairly satisfied as he returned home; he had given and received compliments without bogging down in something awkward. He had made Lorraine sparkle, though it was obvious that the woman was a class above him. She flirted with practiced ease, without ever veering out of bounds. On parting she said that she hoped to run into him again, which was likely as she was staying the summer. All in all, Jordan felt he had acquitted himself well enough to earn a re-invite.

In the morning Jordan visited the library and found Agnes at her desk. He apologized to her. “I’m sorry but Lorraine latched onto me and she’s much too clever for a simple country boy like me.”
“I hardly think you’re simple, Jordan,” Agnes replied, smiling. “I’ve heard good reports about you from my friends who know you from grade school. I doubt if you can consistently fool people over that many years.” He asked if he could take her to the movies at Freemont and she accepted.
Mother, of course, wanted to know everything. “I’ve heard good things about Agnes Munro. Her mother and I used to sing in the church choir. A lovely alto voice. She married Rolf Munro against everyone’s advice but she made a good marriage of it. The last I heard Agnes went to college back East. If she’s half the woman her mother is, then she’d be a good catch. This Lorraine you spoke of, I don’t know.” Worry lines crossed her face.
“She’s from Texas, visiting for the summer. Somehow related to the Homers.”
“The Homers I know only by reputation. Hard working people who sponsor sports in the town. I didn’t know they had relatives in Texas.” The last she said with a hint of suspicion, as she often based her judgments on knowing the generation of people. She liked to say, “You can hide a black sheep in a flock, but after a while any peculiarity shows up in the blood line.”
Jordan washed the Ford and cleaned up the inside. He wanted to make a good impression even if the car was over six years old and had a dent or two. He shaved and showered and put on fresh clothes. His mother was excited, having washed and ironed everything. She had dried the clothes on fresh mowed hay, picking up that sunshine smell.
His father gave Jordan a squirt of scented water that he only used on special occasions.
Jordan was nervous as he pulled up to Agnes’ house. She came down the steps, dressed in a pale blue dress of traditional cut, not that fancy modern stuff that revealed too much. He noticed how well she carried herself and how fluidly she moved. He was surprised he was even aware of such things. It had been a long time since he had felt any interest.
As they drove, she talked about the movie, The Homecoming starring Clark Gable and Lana Turner. The film was about a surgeon going off to war, who got involved in an illicit romance, as he was already married. The theater was full and they had to sit up front craning their necks.
The story had plenty of turns and twists and moral conflicts. Enough of combat was shown to make Jordan tense up as machine guns and cannons opened up to hammer at troops running for their lives. The emphasis, however, was on the affair and how it all played out.
Afterwards they each had a fruit-flavored float. Agnes was a bit upset with the ending and talked freely about it. “The finish was so wishy-washy. They titillated us with the romance but in the end he went back to his wife as a pretense for correct morality. Neither here nor there. I would’ve been happy if he and Lana had run off together, but no he had to go back to a lukewarm wife to please the moral police in Hollywood. So they had to kill her off to make everything right. And why did she have to die, why not him? They do that a lot in Hollywood, punish the female as the temptress.”
Jordan had no real opinion. He couldn’t identify with Gable, who played a cold-hearted surgeon who cared little for his patients, at least in the beginning. He looked too neat, unruffled even in the action shots. The only thing that really stayed with him was how beautiful Lana Turner was and he was sorry that it didn’t end so well for her character.
“What did you think?” Agnes asked.
“Think? Mostly that it wasn’t how I remembered the war. I found it mostly boring, nothing happening for long time, then suddenly too much. You lost friends and didn’t want to make new ones.”
“My brother says the same. He got injured but thank God he’s not bitter about it. How about you?”
“Me...?” he didn’t want to say it, but forced himself to. “I lost too much.”
It was not what she expected, but she rose to the occasion. “Can you talk about it?” she asked softly, ready to accept whatever he said.
“What was true about the movie, is that you’re not in control of events. Things happen to capture you and sweep you along. Everything’s on the edge. You feel alive and on your toes because of the constant danger. There’s no escaping it.”
“But the loss...?” she gently reminded him.
“Did you know that I got so sick that I nearly died? And my government sent a telegram to my parents that I was dead.”
“Oh, how horrible!” She paled.
“But still, that wasn’t the worst of it.”
“It wasn’t?”
“No.” Jordan lowered his head to hide the tears that flooded his eyes. “But I’m not sure I can talk about it...”
“You don’t have to if you don’t want to.” They sat silent while the pressure built up in him.
“The thing is... I did meet my Lana... and she didn’t do any better.”
“She died?” But he couldn’t answer, which in itself was answer enough... he looked down at the table wishing to be elsewhere. The mood of the evening was ruined. They hardly spoke on the drive home. He pulled up at her house and she put her hand on his arm.
“Jordan, you’re still in love with her. Does you credit, but you’re not ready for a new relationship. But when you are, I’ll be here. Until, let’s be friends...”
All the way home in the car, Jordan howled to release the tension in his chest and mind. Now you’ve done it, you can’t even enjoy a movie... What was he going to tell Mom? She was sure to ask.
But Mom didn’t. One look at his stone face warned her not to.
Dad was reading the paper, rattling it angrily. “The world’s going to hell and we’re paying for it. It’s costing us billions for the Marshall Plan to bail out Europe. Israel’s fighting the Arabs, there’s civil war in China, and the British have given up India. The world’s changing too fast.” He turned to the front page and poked at the lead article. “And now the Russians have closed access to Berlin and we have to airlift supplies into the city, food, fuel, everything. I think we should drop a couple of A-bombs on Moscow and get rid of Stalin with his criminals, for good.”
“I wouldn’t recommend that. I saw Nagasaki and what those bombs can do,” Jordan said darkly. “Besides, it’s reported that the Russians are building their own bombs.”
“The plans for which they stole from us. All the more reason to bomb them before they can finish it.”
“And what if they’ve already got them? There are rumors that they’re using Berlin as a provocation to goad the U.S. into a confrontation that’ll be decided by these bombs,” Jordan fired back.
“Isn’t there some good news?” Leah Walker asked in a plaintive tone.
“Sure. The Nazis are being tried in Nuremberg and the Japanese war criminals are about to be hung.”
“I mean really good news?”
“Well they’re talking about television. A box that shows you things like in the movies. They’re saying that in twenty years every second home in the country will have one. Why do we need it? If you want to see a movie, go to the movie theater.”
“Jordan, what did you and Agnes see in Freemont?”
“The Homecoming.”
“Was it any good?”
“Yes, if you like looking at Clark Gable and Lana Turner.”
“Oh yes. Clark is quite a dreamboat...”
“Leah, you’re a married woman... you’ve no cause to talk like that,” Silas snapped.
“Spoken by a man who has a half naked Jane Russell pinned to the garage wall where he doesn’t think I can see it.”
“That’s different. She’s advertising car tires.”
In the afternoon Jordan was in the attic looking for an old family picture album for his mother. She wanted to show him great aunt Bertha, who had come up in the conversation the night before. He didn’t find it where she told him to look so he tried some of the other stacks of odds and ends. He came across quite a variety. For instance, he stumbled on a box that was all about him. There were notebooks from grade 2 with his unformed script and a math exercise book full of red marks. It seemed he wasn’t such a good student. There was a hand-drawn Happy Birthday card from Sally when he was eight, but he couldn’t remember her. Then a sketchbook full of drawings of dream cars he was so obsessed with at the time. Then several medals for winning track and field events. He put the box aside and dug deeper in the pile. There was mom’s collection of buttons for all occasions, swatches of cloth, and envelopes of postcards from popular vacation spots. He shuffled through them surprised by how many places his parents had been to before he was born.
Shoved to one side was a bundle of old newspapers astonishingly from 1914 through World War One. Must have been collected by grandpa. Intrigued, his eyes roved over the headlines, when he caught sight of another box with an enticing girlie picture on top. He rifled through the pile, concluding that they must have belonged to Adam to feed his youthful fantasies. They looked worn and well-thumbed, no doubt often revisited. Adam had always been a ladies’ man, and here Jordan had found his brother’s precocious inspiration. The pictures reminded him of PT-927 with all the pin-ups covering any open wall. His mood plummeted as he tried to remember their faces; Ollie, Gus, Jake and Dewar, but his memory betrayed him as he saw only fuzzy, washed out images. He berated himself: as the sole survivor it was up to him to remember. He felt indescribably sad. Why could he not remember, when he so wanted to?
In a flash of panic he tried to recall Lila’s face, afraid that she would be gone too—but no, she was still there, clear as if standing right in front of him. A sense of relief washed through him. I mustn’t ever lose her. Then he wondered about his daughter Jody, what she could have looked like before fate snatched her away. He was deeply sad again.
He came down the ladder, dusting himself off.
“Did you find Auntie Bertha?” his mother asked in the kitchen.
“No. The place is full of cobwebs and dust. You end up finding what you weren’t looking for.”
“You dad’s been meaning to clear out the space and burn all the useless junk, but I doubt he will ever get to it.”
Jordan tried to visualize the detritus of their lives going up in flames. Maybe that was the thing to do, burn the old things to make room for the new. Just like in spring, burning off dead winter grass from the pasture, so that the new could take its place. Hadn’t he promised himself to start anew? 

On Sunday Adam was over with Bea and Charlie for the usual family weekend meal. They had all come back from church, and Mom was putting the half-done roast into the oven to warm it up. To her consternation she found the potatoes boiled to a mush and burned on the bottom.
“Land’s sake, what do I do now?”
“Send out for catering,” Bea suggested.
“No, they need more advanced notice. Can’t just go there and pick it up willy-nilly,” mother said. But Bea wasn’t done.
“Well then, send Jordan to the Rice and Noodle shop. I hear they’re fast.”
“Why can’t Adam go in his fancy Oldsmobile?” Jordan asked, half irritated.
“Because I just got the insides cleaned. I don’t want any Chinese food to spill in it.”
“Well what’ll it be then? Rice or noodles?” Jordan grumbled.
“Noodles,” Bea said. “Rice,” said mother. “Well rice goes better with the ham and peas.”
Jordan was driving too fast, racing to beat the ham warming in the oven. He had the misfortune that just outside town he was clocked 15 miles too fast by Deputy Ron Whitestone, who flagged him down.
“Well if this isn’t Mr. Purple Heart.” Ron had been the co-captain of the high school football team that won the District Championship back in 1939, and joined the police force after graduation, but he never served in the war, which he felt acutely. “Where’s the fire, Mack?”
“Under mom’s roast. And I have to hurry to get a side dish so we can have a family dinner.”
“Well this once, for your mom’s sake. And tell her I remember how good her rhubarb pie tasted at the last church social.”
“I will, Ron, I will. Can I go now?”
“Yeah, but remember the law’s alert and watching.”
Somewhat more moderately he drove the rest of the way. He had to park three doors down from the Rice and Noodle because a delivery truck was blocking the place in front. He got out and started fumbling for his wallet. On the sidewalk a young girl was jumping rope, counting, “12, 13, 24, 26...”
“Hey, you’re cheating,” Jordan called, looking at the girl. “Why it’s Miss Chocolate-Mint.”
She stopped. “And you’re Mister Bee Sting.” She was small, maybe 4, but her eyes were precocious.
“Anyway what’s the use in counting if you’re cheating?”
“So I can feel better. 20 is always better than 10, don’t you think?” He chortled as he pushed the shop door open. There were two female customers inside and a young Chinese man at the counter.
“A large bowl of rice, please,” Jordan announced, but the youth just stared at him.
“No use talking to him. He doesn’t speak any English,” Old lady Hamish said. “You’ll have to wait until the owner comes back from the kitchen. She’ll take care of you.”
The other lady turned out to be Miss Lewis, his eighth grade geography/history teacher. “Why if it isn’t Jordan Walker, as I live and breathe. Looking for rice, I take it.” Jordan nodded, thinking that she had aged. “What kind of rice? White rice, wild rice, rice with mushrooms and parsley, with curry and rosemary or without? They have a hundred varieties here so you’ve got to know what you want.”
“That’s exactly right,” Miss Hamish added. “This is the best rice in the county, as nothing but the best could survive here.”
Jordan leaned over to read the finely written options pinned below the counter. Among the 30 or so listed, he thought white rice on mushroom sauce was what he wanted.
“Can I help you?” a melodious voice asked.
Jordan straightened, to find a lady behind the counter. Their eyes met and he was looking into Lila’s eyes and Lila’s face, Lila’s mouth and Lila’s hair. Befuddled, he closed his eyes and expected her to be gone when he opened them. But she was there!
“L... Li... Lih... la.” She was still there, the blinking hadn’t erased her.
“Jordan! Are you all right? You look as if you’re having a stroke!” Miss Lewis asked, her voice shaking with concern.
“You’re white as a sheet!” Miss Hamish added, reaching out a hand to steady him, because he looked like he was about to fall over.
“Miss Lewis, the gentleman has obvious difficulty deciding what he wants. Who can blame him in this heat? Can I take your order while he makes up his mind?”
“Yes, of course. Lightly fried brown rice with ginger and nutmeg, please. One portion.”
Lila doled out the portion into a container and passed it over the counter. Miss Lewis paid and waited for her companion.
“For me, noodles with dill and lemon drizzle,” Miss Hamish ordered. She paid, and the two ladies turned for the door.
“Thank you, and please come again.”
“I certainly shall, Miss Lilah. And Jordan,” Miss Lewis turned to him. “Hope to see you again, soon. Please greet your mother for me.”
“Yes, yes, of course...” Jordan managed to get out.
The door swung shut behind the ladies, setting the bell ringing. The Chinese boy looked from one to the other, until Lila snapped something to him in an Asian language. The boy disappeared into the kitchen, letting in the humid odor of spices. Jordan kept staring at her, afraid that if he closed his eyes she would disappear.
“You... here?”
“Yes. I’ve been here some years.”
“But then... how... didn’t you know I was here?”
“I did know.” Lila’s face was composed
“Then why in heaven’s name didn’t you come to see me?”
“Hard to say... pride maybe... and for a long time I thought you were dead... “
“But when you knew I was alive then why?”
“A white man doesn’t notice how white Oklahoma is. How even nice people don’t like foreign races. Maybe as servants... but not as relatives.”
“What are you talking about? I don’t care two cents about that! I love you, that’s all that matters to me!” For the first time something other than calm disturbed her face. Her mouth turned down and she had to turn her eyes to seek refuge elsewhere. “Lila, if you only knew how I searched for you and suffered thinking you were dead and gone. That bastard Baku...”
“What do you know about Baku?”
“Baku? That whore’s son is dead! I taught him to dance and watched him die!” the words exploded out of him. For a time she was silent.
“He deserved it, but he didn’t kill me. Promised to, and even had a grave dug and marked for me. And he forced me, but when I lied that I was pregnant with his son, he let me go. My sister and I crossed the border into Thailand, down into Vietnam and the Mekong. The Red Cross took me to Hawaii, because Asa needed treatment and from there we came into the U.S. as domestic workers.” As she talked, her voice grew stronger with pride at the difficulties they had overcome. “Worked in San Francisco for a year and a half, and bought our freedom from those who sponsored us, and because I didn’t know where else to go, I came here.”
“But... but by then I was here... why didn’t you look for me?”
“I did once. Went to your parents’ farm. Knocked on the door. You were away, picking up cattle, I believe.” Her face turned still again. “Your parents were... puzzled, didn’t know who I was and I didn’t tell them. I said I was collecting for an orphanage in Laos and they gave me two dollars. But their eyes were distant, not really seeing me, not wanting to see me. It was somehow painful for them and it became painful for me...”
“Until recently, they hadn’t seen other people and other races,” Jordan countered. “They don’t know nationalities or color. Maybe a few Indians. Since we were born, mom has never left the township and father has only gone as far as the county shipping yards. All they know of the world is what they read in that paper they subscribe to. But you know how I felt. I loved you and will love you forever.”
“And I love you...” her face turned tearful. “But it’s not good for a white man to marry an Asian. He loses face among his own people. You deserve honor and respect. Being with me would rob you of that.”
“Bullshit! I don’t give a damn. If you don’t like it here, we could move to anywhere you want... as long as we’re together!”
“No! I won’t put a wedge between you and your family and friends. It wouldn’t be fair to you or me!”
“Lila, listen to me and understand. Had you told my parents who you really were, they would’ve opened up their heart to you and our...” The door opened, the jingling of the bell jarring in the emotion laden atmosphere. Jordan turned, disturbed by the interruption. Miss Chocolate-Mint was standing there.
“Mommy, who’s this man?” Oh my GOD! Jordan fell to his knees.
“This man, my darling, is your father.”
The girl looked confused. “Mister Bee-Sting is my father??! You told me my father was a sailor, a brave warrior, who fought evil.”
“What’s your name?” Jordan whispered.
“Jody,” she said, obviously considering it a stupid question.
“Jody, it’s true. I’m your father. And I’m also a sailor and a warrior and I did fight much evil.” He wanted to grab and hug her, but by instinct knew it would be the wrong thing to do. He must let her to come to him at her own time and choosing. “I’ll prove it to you.”
“How?”
“Give me your hand.” She did somewhat tentatively. He placed his palm against her small one. “See, exactly the same, because I’m your father and you’re my daughter. See how my thumb lines up with yours and how even our pinky fingers match?” She looked long before she nodded.
“If you’re my father, why didn’t you help my Mom?”
“I would have...” He looked despairingly at Lila.
“He wanted to. But the war stole the time from him and us. But we’re together now and will chase the war away.” She looked at Jordan. “Won’t we?”
“More. We’ll dig a deep hole in the ground and bury it. And put a heavy stone on it so it can’t ever get out. I promise you, never again.”
The bell jingled and a woman pushed in.
“Sorry Miss Spencer, we are busy now but Cho will help you. Just point to what you want.” She took Jody’s hand, and went through the house into the back garden. “So what are we going to do now?”
“It’s whatever you and Jody want. Tell me and it’s done.”
“I want you to be happy. I don’t want to take you away from your home. Where would we go anyway? I have no real home. I earn a living with the shop.”
“Then if you’re as strong as I know you are, we’ll face things here together. First my parents, and believe me once they get over their shock, they’ll love both of you.” His chest was near bursting. It was too painful for it to be happiness. It was an overflow of love and gratitude.
“Come, we’ve got to go.” He held out his hand and Lila took it. With her other hand she grabbed the little girl. They piled into the Ford and Jordan drove, with half an eye on her. He was nearly home when he realized he had forgotten the rice. He burst out laughing and kept laughing and couldn’t stop even when he heard Jody ask, “Why is my father laughing so hard?”
“Because he’s happy,” Lila said, reaching across her daughter to wrap an arm around Jordan’s neck. “And because I’m happy.” But she was crying.
Jordan stopped beside the flashy Oldsmobile and helped Jody out of the car. They went through the front door into the dining room where the family stared at him and the visitors.
“You were gone a long time...” Bea said, fishing for an explanation.
“Mom, Dad, brother and family. This is Lila... my wife, and my daughter Jody.” There was a ring in his voice that they had never heard before. Speechless they stared at him, eyes big, mouth open. Jordan laughed with the fullness of his joy and that sound opened the door.
“How? When?” Leah Walker didn’t know what to ask. She stood up and with trembling hands offered Lila her chair, then quickly set new dishes for Lila and Jody. “Oh my God, oh my God...”
Silas Walker jumped to his feet and got more chairs for them all. For once Bea was utterly tongue tied, causing her husband to rejoice at this rare state. “Welcome,” Silas said, “Most welcome.”
Least impressed was Charles Walker, who was only a year older than Jody. “Does this mean I’m not the youngest?”
“It sure does Charlie,” Adam said.
“I’m sorry, but in the excitement, I’ve forgotten the rice.”
“Who cares about rice at a time like this, Jordan? You brought home a most precious gift to us, a beautiful daughter-in-law and a lovely, lovely granddaughter.” Leah Walker melted from one state of happiness into the next.
A confused time of questions and answers followed as they all tried to understand the magnitude of this event. In one minute they wanted to know everything. It took much time before they even got near the truth.
“So then this is the girl you wrote about in the letter, who you thought was dead?” Silas was trying to weld the pieces of information together. “And she was here all this time?”
Leah took Lila’s hand and patted it. “I remember you, you were collecting for a charity, but ... you didn’t say who you were.” This puzzled Leah to no end.
“I was afraid,” Lila said.
“Of what, child?” Leah’s eyes were wide with wonder.
“That the parents of my husband would find me unworthy.” There was a long silence, then they all fell over themselves to reassure her.
In this rare celebratory mood, Silas Walker uncapped a whisky bottle that was not supposed to be opened until next year. “The hell with that! This is worth a hundred New Years.”
In the course of the evening, Bea got to the crux of the matter. “But if I understand you right, you two are actually not married.”
“Which we’ll correct first thing tomorrow. And if Pastor Johnson isn’t willing, then by God I’ll have a civil ceremony.” He took Lila’s hand and lifted it to show how they were one. “We made our vows years ago in sight of God, back at Port Moresby.”
“Port What? Where’s that?” Adam asked, suddenly interested after three shots of whiskey.
“Even I know that,” Silas threw in happily. “That’s in Australia.”
“New Guinea, actually,” Jordan said, but knew that they would not know where that was.
In the end it would be obvious even to the most distrustful person that Lila was embraced fully and joyously by the Walker family. The evening slipped by 10 o’clock so Lila and Jody were put up in the spare bedroom, because it was too late to drive them home, and in any case, no one wanted her to go.
The next morning Jordan settled the matter with Pastor Johnson who after a long interrogation agreed to perform the ceremony. “I know the war has loosened many people’s morals, but I can see you tried to get the Army to give you permission and would have done it good and proper. We can christen Jody as soon as she understands the meaning of it.”
The news was greeted with further rejoicing at home. Leah pulled Jordan aside. “Son, I want you to know how happy you’ve made your father and me. Lila is a wonderful girl and little Jody is perfect. I feel that Christmas came early. Thank you.”
Adam was less gushy and more pragmatic. “She runs a successful business in town and will bring in her own money instead of always spending yours. You’re one lucky guy.”
When it got hot in the afternoon, Jordan piled Lila and Jody into the Ford and they went off to Locust Hill. Jordan was glad to find the place empty, just for them. Jody jumped into the water and splashed around happily. Lila pulled her skirt to just above her knees and waded in the shallows. Jordan was content to sit on shore, feasting his eyes on her. He couldn’t believe how happy he was. All the pain and sorrow had paid for this, he realized. But that was over now. This was a new beginning and he had a right to be happy.
Lila came over to sit next to him. Shyly at first, she ran her fingers through his hair and he purred like a contented cat. Had they been alone, it would have come to more, but at the moment this was more than enough.
“You really went to Burma? How did you know I was there?” Lila asked.
“The Sea People told me. Nha and his family sailed me from Port Moresby all the way to Bilin River, but they would not go up it.”
“But you went on alone?” 
“No, with Hideki. He’s Japanese, an enemy who became my friend. The two of us did it.”
“I can hardly believe that you killed that monster Baku. He had soldiers all around him.”
“True. Hideki and I killed the soldiers, and the people lynched Baku. That bastard deserved to die a hundred times.” The memory stirred up a bitter taste in Jordan. “The worst of it was that I thought you were dead. I saw the graves and I … wanted to die too. Hideki got me back… and I came home a wreck and didn’t know how to start living again.”
“You poor man. And all that time over the last years I was right here, but too much of a coward to seek you out. I’m so sorry… and so ashamed.” Lila was on the verge of crying. Jordan hugged her fiercely.
“Lila, it doesn’t matter anymore. The thing that does, is that you and Jody are alive and here… and we can all be together. It was a gift, a miracle, when I looked up in your shop and I saw you… My heart started beating again…” They hung onto each other, desperate to protect what they had. It would take time before they could have confidence in the future, never to be separated again.

Later, they made plans. After mulling it over, they decided to live in town so Lila could continue with the Rice and Noodle shop as she had no intention of becoming a wife of leisure. She wanted to earn money, invest wisely and build wealth around them as protection for the future. Jordan would work his parents’ farm, improving it, making it more productive and profitable. With his wife to be and child, Jordan was all fired up, eager to be working and contributing.
It had been a perfect day. In the evening he drove them back to town, so she could open up the shop and be ready for business the next day. They spent several more hours shifting furniture so he could move in. Jordan still had some packing to do at the farm.
Together they put Jody to bed. She asked for a story and Jordan obliged her with a tale of a princess who had to flee her home and wander the world until a prince found her and now they lived happily ever after. Jody thought about the story.
“Was Mommy the princess?”
“Could be.”
“And were you the prince who rescued her?”
“Now you know I’m not a prince. Perhaps a duke or an earl.” He tickled her and she giggled herself into a fit. They both kissed her, and said good night.
Alone at last, they became strangely quiet. They both remembered how the love making had been between them and both were secretly worried that it wouldn’t be as good now. However the first kiss led to the second which led to many more. Soon they were tearing at each other, frantic to get out of their clothes. It was tender and vicious, as the feelings and sensations drove them crazy. They couldn’t get any closer to each other, though they tried, pressing and pounding, right to the edge of madness. She bit him on the neck and he bit her back on her shoulder. Their sweat mingled as they fought to share each other’s breath. Had it gone on much longer, one or both might have died from the intensity of feelings that possessed them. But there was only so far one could tense nerves and light fires, and in the end it all collapsed into itself. And the mountain top became the peace of the deepest sea, silent and comforting.
“I love you,” he whispered, and instantly she was ready to go again. It was a long night, two love starved persons rediscovering each other, finding a more generous love that was as ready to give as to receive.
Next morning the shop opened on time. Its proprietress greeted her customers cheerfully, her neck covered by a silk scarf to hide the many love bites no other person had a right to see.
“Mabel, did you notice how generous she was with the portions? It’s said that she’s found a husband, and no doubt enjoying his attention.”
“Who would that be?”
“The way I heard, Jordan Joshua Pierce Walker, who came back from the war.”
“Then she’d better be careful. Any Walker I knew had four hands going four different ways.”
“Not this one I think. This one’s a straight arrow.”
“Well I suppose she deserves some happiness. Though it beats me why she couldn’t find it among her own kind.”
“Well you know about Asian women. They walk two steps behind their men and never get in the way.”
“I haven’t heard that. What I heard was that they boss their men around...”

The news of the impending wedding of Jordan Walker and Lila Blossom was received with mixed feelings by the community, especially as most people didn’t know where to place Lila. What was she? Chinese? Korean? Some even thought she might be Japanese. Only very few knew or cared where Laos was. And whose child was Jody anyway?
The Walker family didn’t much care, they went around happy that the oldest son had found the love of his life. To them it seemed like a miracle to see Jordan go from so low to such heights. He hummed as he worked, and his face broke into a smile at the least provocation. His mother was the happiest, of course. Not only had she her son back but a brand new granddaughter. Like her son, she found it hard to keep her feet on the ground in her lightheaded euphoria.
Dorothy Summer collared Jordan in town. “Why didn’t you tell me you were so inclined toward the exotic? I’m sure I could have arranged something suitable for you. I know how to give candy to a man with a sweet tooth.”
“When a man’s mouth is full of sweets already, candy won’t add to it. But one can never have enough love.”
Agnes was genuinely pleased for Jordan. “I’m happy for you. I can see by the sparkle in your eyes that you’ve found the real thing. I wish you both the very best.”
Jordan himself couldn’t believe how with one lucky stroke his whole life had changed again. His feelings were in an uproar. What he saw before as dark, or a depressed gray now shone with vibrant colors. And the pessimism he felt about people, about the state of the world was suddenly filled with renewed hope. How could the world change so much in such a short span? And of course the lynch pin of this transformation was Lila herself, and he couldn’t look at her without smiling.
“You know, it was difficult to come to America. It seemed the whole world was trying to get in and the officials closed off all access. We had to pay an exorbitant amount to people who made promises but they got us here. They sold us as slaves to wealthy people, to work around the clock, serving our new masters. But Asa and I were lucky, and we were able to buy our freedoms. Asa married a boy and is happy in San Francisco. And I came here... to be close to you. This was where you grew up. I started the Rice and Noodle Shop and it prospered because it was good cooking and different. I was able to buy the house and a certain respectability. But still I didn’t feel at home here.
“You can’t imagine how hard it was to find that you were alive and back. I hoped to see you, but you were never around. And day after day I lost all my confidence. In myself and in the love we had back in Port Moresby. It felt as if you were purposely avoiding me. Didn’t want to see or know about me anymore.
“At odd times I glimpsed you from afar and it took my breath away... but I didn’t have the courage to throw myself at your feet. I made excuses for you... for myself, why we couldn’t get together and even convinced myself that it was the right choice.
“You have said in the past that I have courage... and I have courage where I fear, but less so where I hope. I could be brave against Baku and stand up to him, but the mere sight of you would turn me into jelly, and my voice died within me...
“Then you came into my shop, and in that first moment, I wanted the earth to swallow me. To hide my shame... because I was soiled and used up. Not the virtuous wife we were dreaming about back in Port Moresby...
“And you looked so confused, I thought it was true. But when I saw the sun rise in your face and you smiled, I melted and am melting still. In your arms I belong, and in an instant it changed the whole state of Oklahoma for me. Yes I can make a home here and raise our child together. In the past I never trusted happiness, but I trust this...”
Jordan was amazed how clearly she expressed herself. But then, the house was full of books and she spent any free time reading to herself and her daughter.
Jordan had more difficulty defining his feelings. He was so joyful that he had no room for anything else. There was not a shadow of doubt or fear left in him. Of course he hadn’t suffered the repeated losses that Lila had, but he recognized that a miracle had happened. His life was given back to him. In an eye blink the future had opened up.
“All I know is that I’m ecstatic and I’ll hold onto that happiness with everything I have. I love you and I look forward to live in your love...”

In a quiet ceremony they were married in the presence of just the family. With her young husband, Lila’s sister came, five months pregnant and starting to show it. She watched Jordan carefully throughout the ceremony and the reception. In a private moment, she took Jordan’s hand, lifted it to her lips and kissed it. “My sister has been mother, father and best friend to me. She risked her life to rescue me and got us to freedom in America. I’m so grateful to you for making her happy. I can’t begin to tell you how much. I’ve never seen her more radiant. Because of you and your love for her...”
“Oh, I can’t take the credit, she lit a fire in me, and what I am today is because of that.”
It was very touching when Jordan led his bride into the first dance. Leah cried, then ran for the rest room to fix her makeup. Silas Walker was so choked up that he couldn’t finish his speech. “We welcome Lila into our family and her wonderful daughter Jody. I can’t express in words what this wonderful occasion means to Leah and me... We so hoped for our son and to be thus blessed is beyond words...” Abruptly he sat down, not to be overwhelmed by tears.
Even Adam was generous. “I lift my glass to my brother, who I followed all my life, trying to catch up to him. Today looking at him and his radiant bride, I realize that I have much more running to do...”
A little later when things had quieted down somewhat, Jordan was sitting at the picnic bench in the back garden with Jody. Like a little lady in her flower girl dress she was daintily eating a piece of the wedding cake. She looked very seriously at Jordan and said, “Now you’re really my father.”
“And you’re all right with that?”
She considered, her eyes finding her mother smiling among the ladies, and said, “If you can make my mother happy, then I’m happy to be your daughter.” Jordan was floored by her precocious reply. His heart swelled with pride and love.
Near evening the guests started leaving and Jordan found a bit of peace by himself in one of the lawn chairs. In his hand was a glass of aged whiskey he had been sipping from all afternoon. Wrung out with all the emotions of the day, he sought refuge in the glowing clouds that filled the sky. He lifted his glass, saluting the heavens. Who was he saluting? His life flashed before him. This is how I got here. Fishing in the river as a boy, leading horses to pasture, studying in class, waiting for the clock to reach the end of the hour, bailing hay in the barn, his first kiss, his first dance, fixing the transmission of the tractor, marching in boot camp in Melville, sitting in the turret of the .50’s aboard PT-927, then Lila and the circle was complete. He didn’t know what lay ahead; Lila and he were partakers of a life he was looking forward to. He finished his drink, put down his glass and walked into the start of his new life.

Epilogue
To my good friend Jordan:
I was most gratified to learn that you have found Lila. You are right, it was a miracle. God must love you to have blessed you so. Congratulations also for Jody and the child you are expecting. The end result was certainly worth all the risks we took and I’m glad I was a part of that.
We are well, also expecting a new addition to the family. I still work on the farm but my real work is running a small factory making camera parts. It is said it is the coming thing, the future of Japan. Perhaps in two years our families can meet in Hawaii and we can refresh our friendship. Sometimes I think of our island and puzzle how two enemies could become such close friends. But maybe it’s not so strange.
When pain ceases it turns into pleasure, just as when pleasure consumes itself, it becomes pain. The measure of a man is how he acts and prevails in pleasure and in pain. I wish you and your family the best.
Your friend Hideki Murahashi
Ayako said to thank you, but did not say for what. She said you would know.

The End

