


LIBERTY FAIR
A Tale of Manners and Mayhem
in Old New England

MARY J CARTER

Copyright 2014 Mary J Carter
Smashwords Edition
Cover by Font & Center Press


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of
the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial
purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own
copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.



CHAPTER ONE - In which curiosity plagues the parrot
CHAPTER TWO -Involving a rather formidable tea
CHAPTER THREE - Demonstrating how a secret between two people cannot possibly last two hours
CHAPTER FOUR - A sorry lot
CHAPTER FIVE - When pigs fly
CHAPTER SIX - A grand entrance
CHAPTER SEVEN - A day on the green
CHAPTER EIGHT - All things newsworthy
CHAPTER NINE - First impressions
CHAPTER TEN - Second thoughts
CHAPTER ELEVEN - Three French Hens
CHAPTER TWELVE - The Jenney's Party
AN INTERLUDE WITH LADY RHODRI
CHAPTER THIRTEEN - Grace Billings takes up the gauntlet
CHAPTER FOURTEEN - Tuesday next
CHAPTER FIFTEEN - Selena's tempest in a teapot
CHAPTER SIXTEEN - The Larabee's ball
ANOTHER INTERLUDE WITH LADY RHODRI
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN - Dramatis Personae
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN - The ides of March
CHAPTER NINETEEN - Thin ice
CHAPTER TWENTY - April showers
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE - May flowers
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO - The lottery
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE - Monday, the 27th of June, the ever fateful morning
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR - Monday, the 27th of June, the never to be forgotten luncheon
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE - Monday, the 27th of June, one to make ready and two to prepare
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX - Monday, the 27th of June, tribute to a hero
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN - Grand Farewells
A FINAL NOTE FROM LADY RHODRI
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
INSPIRATIONS
ABOUT MARY CARTER
CONTACT




For my friends in Claremont,
with fond memories of all the
 shows, pageants, and 'spectacles'
we staged together.




CHAPTER ONE
In which curiosity plagues the parrot
FALL 1824


The afternoon was fine and warm, however Mrs. Owen Billings had little interest in the way the bright vermilion sun dappled the golden trees, or how the soft autumn breeze caressed the rolling blue river. Her only concern on that blissful October day was how to reach her cousin's house without being spotted by that dratted Drusilla Jenney.
Little did Grace Billings realize, her desperate hopes were dashed. The dratted Drusilla had already spied her from behind the musty lace curtains of her parlor window.
"I wonder what she's about," grumbled Mrs. Jenney, "bustling by like a puffed up pigeon. Why, it's a marvel her stays don't burst."
Mrs. Jenney put down her chipped teacup and pushed her nose to the windowpane. It would be just like Grace Billings to have a delicious secret and not share it with her. Undoubtedly, Grace was off to see her incorrigible cousin Frances, who reigned supreme over the neighboring farm estate of Ellsworth. By the profound speed with which Grace Billings was moving, this was a colossal confidence indeed. Drusilla Jenney watched as her wily neighbor scurried out of sight, the arched pink feather atop her lavish hat dancing above the hedgerow.
Within seconds, the swift thinking Drusilla had formulated a plan. She rushed to the front hall.
"Girls! Girls!" she cried. "Come quickly, I need you!"
Mrs. Jenney, having once been a player upon the stage, possessed a voice that could easily penetrate plaster. The tenor of her lungs never failed to ruffle the parrot in the parlor - a shivering relic of a bird named Snub - who invariably squawked whenever Mrs. Jenney bellowed. Mrs. Jenney bellowed often.
The first to arrive was her eldest daughter, Selena, a fine-looking young lady, slender of build, with keenly expressive eyes.
"What is it, mamma?" Selena uttered, just as the youngest, Eliza, flew into the foyer. Eliza had been napping on the window seat when she ought to have been attending to her penmanship, and her face was aglow with slumber and guilt.
"Yes, what is it, mamma?" asked Eliza, hastily covering her misdeed with an artist-worthy gaze of daughterly affection.
"I want to transport the flowers by the front door down to the end of the walk," their mother answered decidedly.
"Mamma, I was writing a letter to Cousin Lydia," pleaded Selena.
"And I was - practicing," added Eliza in her sweetest tone.
"Can this not wait, mamma?" Selena begged.
"No, no, it cannot," declared Mrs. Jenney, as she paced to and fro. "The flowers will not last. Their delicate petals are drooping. We must move them into the sunlight immediately, if not sooner. Where are Charlotte and Louisa Jane?"
"Charlotte is walking, and Louisa Jane is in the morning room reading Mary Shelley's Frankenstein," informed Selena.
"Why would anyone prefer monsters to a day as glorious as this?" Mrs. Jenney implored, as old Snub shrieked from the parlor beyond. With sound determination, Mrs. Jenney propelled her two daughters towards the morning room door. "Louisa Jane! Louisa Jane! Put down your cheerless book at once, and join us in the garden."
"But mamma, I have barely begun the story. I am at the part where Victor is in a laboratory, studying a dead man's brain."
"Then that is a pure waste of time, my precious, for few men dead or alive have much - if indeed any - actual brains to study."
Louisa Jane rolled her rich mahogany brown eyes and closed her book.
"Coming, mamma," she relented, for there existed absolutely no chance for argument.
In the time it took to locate acceptable aprons, gloves, and sunbonnets, there was a bustle about the house so pronounced it lured Mr. Jenney from his study.
Mr. Martin Jenney was a London born, balding man of fifty, with a slight build, and an acid tongue. He rarely smiled. In fact, Mr. Jenney refused to smile in public, for grinning, he vowed, was an art form reserved for village idiots alone. Mr. Jenney felt most at ease with a scowl upon his face. His well-practiced glare shielded him from dull conversations with terribly dull people. The fact that his wife and daughters were seldom daunted by his gruff demeanor was of little consequence to him.
"My dear wife," he began, his proper British accent still apparent after better than two decades in the wilds of New Hampshire. "My dear wife," he repeated, for vexing his spouse was such happy sport, "pray tell what all the rumpus is about."
"Rumpus, Mr. Jenney?" questioned Mrs. Jenney. "A rumpus, sir?" she repeated, solely to vex him in return. "The only rumpus in this house is a personal crusade to maneuver our pitiful chrysanthemums into the light."
"Have our flowers suddenly gone agnostic?" he returned calmly.
"Mr. Jenney, you sadly misunderstand me," his wife lamented.
"Mrs. Jenney, I have gladly misunderstood you for four and twenty years," was her husband's dour reply before disappearing once more into the depths of his study.
"That's five and twenty, Mr. J.," sighed Mrs. Jenney through the door. Then smiling, she turned to her daughters. "Come along, girls!" she chanted as Louisa Jane fumbled with the ties of Eliza's oversized bonnet while dashing down the hall. "There is work to be done!"
The Jenney ladies made a handsome sight parading down the walk in their full skirts, frilly aprons, and floppy but fashionable hats. Mrs. Jenney insisted on her girls looking sharp, even when dwindling finances prevented them from wearing the latest in style. It was her stage training, perhaps. A spirited young lady could excel at pianoforte, parlor vocals, or painting agreeable little images on rocks, but to Mrs. Jenney's way of thinking, it was the costume that made the first and most lasting impression.
"The flowers, mamma - we are walking past the flowers," noted Selena.
"I am merely scoping out where to plant them," Mrs. Jenney murmured, her eyes more intent on scoping out whether or not Mrs. Billings was on her way back from Ellsworth. The lady was not. Satisfied, Mrs. Jenney took a deep breath and turned to her daughters.
"Here is a marvelous spot, I think."
"Mamma, this is dangerously close to the road," observed Louisa Jane.
"The better to be admired by passing guests," her mother smoothly replied.
The women went to work. Selena removed her gardening gloves, for she worked less clumsily without them, she claimed, and commenced to hum Araby's Daughter rather prettily - if not incessantly. Louisa Jane contemplated aloud how she could assemble a Frankenstein creature of her own with odd bits of clay, string, pins, and hinges, while Eliza demurely pondered what kind of cake they would be having with tea. Only Mrs. Jenney remained silent - unusually silent that is, until Mrs. Billings and her monstrous hat came bounding into view.
Mrs. Billings was a small woman who used her facial expressions in a large way. Therefore, it was apparent, even from yards away, that the woman was thoroughly displeased with the barricade set before her. As she ventured towards them, Mrs. Billings could be observed considering all possible routes of escape before accepting the dire inevitable.
"Ah, Mrs. Billings," Mrs. Jenney called out cheerfully as her neighbor gingerly made her approach, "such a delightful day, is it not?"
"It is," Grace Billings replied stiffly, and she stopped to watch the ladies' handiwork with a curious arch of her brow.
"We are moving the flowers before they freeze," supplied little Eliza from beneath the brim of her oversized hat.
"Freeze?" echoed the ever-knowledgeable Mrs. Billings. "Good heavens, but we're weeks away from a frost. Mr. Billings has correctly predicted blights for over thirty years. Why, to speak the truth, my husband is a walking almanac."
"How charming," cooed Mrs. Jenney with an award-winning smile.
There followed an uneasy silence, which Selena elevated by humming.
"Have you been to visit your cousin?" inquired Mrs. Jenney.
"Indeed," was all Mrs. Billings would admit.
"And how did you find your cousin?" persisted Mrs. Jenney.
"Tolerable," was all Mrs. Billings would affirm.
"Indeed," returned Mrs. Jenney, her feigned smile swiftly crumbling. "And her daughters?"
"In excellent health, thank you."
"I trust plans are moving forward for Miss Meg Ellsworth to marry your exceptional son, Garrett," said Mrs. Jenney sweetly.
"That subject has only recently been introduced," allowed Mrs. Billings, her eyebrows arching remarkably higher than before.
"It would be a lovely thing," lied Mrs. Jenney, for in her eyes, Garrett Billings was an absolute dunderhead.
"I must be getting back," announced Mrs. Billings. "My husband insists on having his tea no later than four o'clock. He invariably becomes quite the fuss when it is not so."
"Why don't you collect Mr. Billings and enjoy tea with us?" proposed Mrs. Jenney, all politeness.
"I believe we're having glazed plum cake," Eliza added, ever hopeful.
Grace Billings' eyes traveled from Selena's dirty hands to the dingy, unpainted look of the Jenney's front door.
"I thank you, Mrs. Jenney, however, we have much in the way of private matters to discuss at home." And with that, Mrs. Billings readily took her leave.
Drusilla Jenney could barely contain herself until her snobbish neighbor was out of sight.
"Upon my word!" she muttered, when suddenly a new ruse seared through her brain. Mrs. Jenney dropped her trowel, and picked up her hem. "This way, girls, come along!" she commanded, catching up Eliza's hand, and moving briskly towards the door.
"But mamma!" moaned Selena.
"What about the flowers?" cried Louisa Jane.
Mrs. Jenney waved her arm. "Those infernal weeds can rot for all I care!" she proclaimed before practically catapulting the breathless Eliza over the threshold.
Selena and Louisa Jane had little choice but to shrug, put down their gardening tools, and follow their irrational mother inside the house.
"Bess!" Mrs. Jenney was calling at the top of her lungs. "Bess, my girl, where are you?"
Snub was the first to respond with an ear-splitting screech. With this, the kitchen door swung wide, and a young maid of fifteen, with long, waving hair, and as Irish a face as it is possible to have, appeared in the hall.
"Yes, madam?" she mumbled contritely around her mouthful of biscuit.
"Bess, I want you to bring the remainder of our sponge cake as a treat to Mrs. Ellsworth's cook immediately."
"The sponge cake is stale, madam. The master said it was only fit for patching stone walls," the girl solemnly professed.
"Then what about the glazed plum cake?" inquired Mrs. Jenney.
"No, not the plum cake!" pleaded Eliza, who had been dreaming of her special treat all day. "Please, mamma!"
"The glazed plum cake it is. Pay a visit to Mrs. Ellsworth's cook, and by all means, accept her offer of a cup of tea. And while you slowly sip your tea, my girl, do your best to discover what Mrs. Billings' visit was all about - discreetly, of course."
Bess was muttering in confusion as Miss Charlotte returned from her afternoon walk. Charlotte was the Jenney's second daughter, and for better or worse, most like her mother in appearance and character.
"Mamma," began Charlotte, "why are you in such a state?"
"Oh, my treasured Charlotte, it has been a matter of the utmost importance, and you not here to help your poor, frantic mother."
"Whatever is wrong, mamma?"
"While you were strolling along the riverbank, my child, aimlessly making pretty pictures out of the clouds, that dreadful Mrs. Billings dared to pass this house and withhold a confidence from me."
Charlotte hesitated. "Is that all, mamma?" she managed at last.
"Is that not enough?" her mother fumed in reply. "We are speaking of a secret - a dire, hidden revelation, which may thoroughly affect all your futures."
"How can you be sure Mrs. Billings was keeping that sort of a secret from you, mamma?" asked Selena.
"It's the way she averts her gaze, my darlings. When she wants to hide something from me, Grace Billings turns her head and pretends to ponder something stupendous on the horizon. And just this very afternoon - not only did Mrs. Billings appear to be counting needles on the pines - she practically ran by our door like a terror-stricken rabbit, straight to her accursed cousin's house. No, something is up, and I must know what it is."
Mrs. Jenney paused briefly before fixing her attention on her two eldest daughters.
"Selena, Charlotte - you must go at once and visit Meg Ellsworth."
"Mamma! My letter to cousin Lydia!"
"Mamma! I have just walked three miles!"
"Cousin Lydia can wait, and an overabundance of air will liven your eyes," Mrs. Jenney decreed, ushering the protesting girls towards the stoop. "Now, go! Go and see your truest friend and neighbor. The poor creature is being promised to Garrett Billings, and is in dire need of comfort. Think of it, girls - your cherished acquaintance chained to a second cousin for the rest of her unnatural life. Think of their children - a drooling, deranged lot, with huge ears -"
"Mamma," cautioned Louisa Jane.
"True - yes, do not dwell on such unpleasant thoughts without first determining what Mrs. Billings came to impart. Meanwhile, Eliza and I will replant the remainder of our withering blooms, while Louisa Jane reads aloud about an extraordinary man in possession of a brain."
All were off like a shot. Only old Snub was to be heard hollering as the front door closed with a resounding thud.



CHAPTER TWO
Involving a rather formidable tea


Ellsworth was the finest farming estate in all of Liberty Fair, owing to the merino sheep craze that had taken much of New England by storm. This particular breed of sheep had been deftly smuggled out of Spain by American consul William Jarvis, who resided across the river in Vermont. The prized wool, being particularly soft and unyielding to water, sold well at Liberty Fair's famed Waverley Mills. This, along with tidy profits from western land speculation, maintained the Ellsworth name in the upper crust, or beau monde, as Mrs. Ellsworth herself preferred to say.
Meg Ellsworth was the eldest daughter, a soft-spoken, agreeable beauty with a variety of accomplishments and little pretense. Meg was delighted to see her neighbors, for her day had been dull, and even practicing her charming new piano had not cheered her. Miss Ellsworth embraced her friends as though they had been separated for months and not the mere three days it had actually been, and called for tea.
"How is your dear mother?" inquired Meg.
"Little changed," sighed Charlotte.
"And your father?"
"He's locked himself away in his library," admitted Selena. "He claims that living with my mother has inspired an intensive study of sainthood."
Meg tried her best not to laugh. She liked Mrs. Jenney despite her flamboyant behavior. Perhaps it was because of her flamboyant behavior that Meg enjoyed her so. Her own mother was dramatic in a different way - a way Meg did not readily admire.
"And Louisa Jane?"
"Reading, as always," smiled Selena. "Her current novel is about a natural philosopher named Victor Frankenstein who creates a living man."
"Imagine if we ladies could create our own living men," giggled Meg.
"It would be a wise thing to do in this village, where we outnumber any eligible males by at least a dozen to one," bemoaned Charlotte.
"I would design a man who was destined to be king," Selena divulged with a grin. "Then I'd live in a castle and eat Christmas goose and chocolate all day."
"Think how fat you'd be," grimaced Meg.
"And bored," added Charlotte.
"All right, then - not a king perhaps. However, I do insist upon a worldly man - someone smart and sophisticated," revealed Selena decidedly.
"I'd model a man who loved to travel," said Charlotte. "That's what I want to do - travel. There's really nothing - or no one - to keep us here, now is there?"
"Except Garrett," sighed Meg.
"Let's not dwell on that now," the sisters practically voiced in unison.
"How is darling Eliza?" Meg ventured instead.
"Quite exhausted. She stayed up half the night naming the new barn kittens," explained Selena.  "You know how Eliza must christen every living creature on our farm. The kittens still resemble a huddle of tiny mice, so Eliza came up with Bopsy, Dropsy, Flopsy, Mopsy, Shivers, and Boo."
"Boo?" questioned Meg, enthralled.
"Tiny Boo is perfectly white with two black dots directly above its eyes. Shivers has done nothing but tremble since the moment it was born, poor thing, so that name sparked simply enough. But how Eliza will tell Bopsy, Dropsy, Flopsy, and Mopsy apart is well beyond all of us."
"Remind me again as to why your parrot is named Snub?" asked Meg.
"Snub is older than tomb dust," Selena enlightened, "therefore, Eliza did not name him. Father did. Snub was his bird to begin with, and had a different name, so we were told. But when father's parrot met our mother, he began to imitate her, and ignore father completely. Thus the name."
Tea, the second to be presented that afternoon, promptly arrived. The Ellsworths' humorless butler, Wilson, presented it. Hailing from Scotland's bustling Glasgow, Wilson viewed New Hampshire as a vague netherworld hovering somewhere north of purgatory. He often felt his superior standards were wasted on these newfangled Americans, nevertheless, he continued to perform his duties with somber dignity and grand aplomb.
Thus, with a flourish of white linen and the proper placement of highly polished silver, Wilson pointed at the tea cart as though it were a roped-off work of art. For certain, it was. The sparkling plates held dewy fruits and savory cakes. The glimmering teapots steamed the air with fragrances of spice and chocolate. The Jenneys rarely enjoyed a fashionable tea at home, in truth, they were fortunate if the cracked plates were clean and the fare close to edible. Accustomed to stage props, Mrs. Jenney was easily satisfied with clever facades, and therefore cared little for social convention. In any event, there would never be a butler with gleaming white gloves and a glaring frown in the Jenney parlor - only Bess with her unruly hair and her vacant, but continuously cheerful, expression.
The young ladies paused as Wilson passed the teacups. Selena was about to reach for hers when the prudish butler perceived the grime beneath her fingernails. Wilson clucked his tongue and placed Selena's teacup silently on the side-table, causing Miss Selena to blush and nimbly tuck her soiled hands under her skirts.
"How was your afternoon, Meg? Any interesting visitors?" inquired Charlotte with studied nonchalance.
"Only Mrs. Billings came to call. It's been such a dreary day."
"Yes, Mrs. Billings wanted so desperately to tell us something, but she was running late," began Selena, casually. "Perhaps, Meg, you can tell us what it was?"
At that very instant, as in all cases when one wants to bury one's nose into business that is not their own, Meg's mother entered the room.
Mrs. Ellsworth was a regal, round little woman whose youthful beauty still clung about her face, and particularly within her stunning, catlike eyes. Her dress was distinctive, her manners impeccable. To witness her, one might have to be reminded that she had grown up in decidedly humbler circumstances.
"Miss Selena, Miss Charlotte, what brings you to Ellsworth?" Mrs. Ellsworth uttered indifferently as she crossed the room towards the glistening windows where her hair and gown could be best admired.
The sisters proceeded to give two altogether different answers at precisely the same time.
"I see," Mrs. Ellsworth replied coolly as she plucked an inferior flower from a tall crystal vase.
"Mother, Selena and Charlotte were wondering what news Mrs. Billings had to share."
"Indeed? Why?"
Mrs. Ellsworth was a woman of few words, and in her household she expected her rare utterances to be feared and obeyed. Selena swallowed hard, and carefully went on.
"Mrs. Billings was about to tell us something rather important, but realized she had to get home to Mr. Billings. As she appeared so passionate, we merely thought we would ask you, Mrs. Ellsworth."
"I see," was the equally careful response.
"Yes, you would have to ask mother, for I was practicing Beethoven's Sonata quasi una Fantasia, and could not hear what was being said," attested Meg.
Mrs. Ellsworth turned from the window in a portrait-worthy pose and pretended to think.
"We discussed which merino ewes were going to tomorrow's Cheshire Agricultural Society Fair," she finally revealed with an insincere smile. "I cannot begin to think what could be so passionate in all of that, as you Jenneys have not participated in any livestock competitions for years. However, there you have it. Meanwhile, Meg, finish your tea. We must determine your costume for tomorrow's event. Your father believes the sheep will show best with you attired in silver and blue."
There remained little choice but to render a few minutes of light conversation and leave. The girls hugged their cherished friend and set off for home.



CHAPTER THREE
Demonstrating how a secret between two people
cannot possibly last more than two hours


Louisa Jane read aloud from her Frankenstein novel:

"Darkness had no effect upon my fancy; and a churchyard was to me merely the receptacle of bodies deprived of life, which, from being the seat of beauty and strength, had become food for the worm. Now I was led to examine the cause and progress of this decay, and forced to spend days and nights in vaults and charnel-houses."

It was then Mrs. Jenney spied Selena and Charlotte emerging from Ellsworth.
"That is an amiable story, Louisa Jane, and so very uplifting, but now, we must hear from your sisters."
"Oh, mamma, when is tea?" whined Eliza, for she had had enough of dirt and worms and tales of lunatics rummaging through gloomy graveyards.
"Soon, my precious, and what a feast you shall have - cucumber sandwiches, creamed tea, and glazed plum cake!"
"There is no plum cake, mamma," sighed Eliza. "You gave it to the Ellsworths' cook."
"Knowing that household, I can practically promise you that their cook will send Bess back with an Ellsworth plum cake, if only to prove how superior they are. So don't you fret, my little one. As Lord Polonius says in 'Hamlet': though this be madness, yet there is method in it. Ah, what a show, and I was an outstanding Ophelia, I truly was."
Eliza was about to prompt her mother for more details, but found herself silenced by a sharp look from Louisa Jane. At five years Eliza's senior, Louisa Jane had suffered more than her fill of her mother's overblown stage stories.
Fortunately, by this point, Selena and Charlotte had nearly reached the walkway. Mrs. Jenney gave them scarce time to breathe before demanding the details of their visit.
"Meg was wearing an exquisite ivory lace dress," reported Selena.
"She was practicing Beethoven," Charlotte added.
"And the tea was terribly elegant," remarked Selena.
"Until Wilson noticed the garden soil under Selena's nails," sneered Charlotte.
"Enough of butlers, Beethoven, and lace," exclaimed their mother, impatiently. "Tell me what Mrs. Billings said."
The girls shrugged.
"Extreme little, mamma," allowed Charlotte.
"As Charlotte related, Meg was practicing her piano and did not hear Mrs. Billings' news."
"Mrs. Ellsworth told us they merely decided which ewes to bring to the fair tomorrow."
"Meg's mother was in the room?" cried Mrs. Jenney. "Then it is by divine intervention you learned anything at all! Why, if Frances Ellsworth had her way, I'd scarcely know what day of the week it was. Oh, girls - think! For my sanity's sake, do try to recall each and every word that was uttered."
"You know Mrs. Ellsworth, mamma. She barely strings more than three words together, and what she does utter is ten times more frigid than ice."
"She did say I see, more than once," offered Charlotte, trying to be helpful.
"Oh, but when she managed to say the most, it was about the fair, and how we never go. It ended with Mrs. Ellsworth saying Meg had to finish her tea and determine tomorrow's attire."
"For an agricultural fair?" questioned their mother, caustically.
"Yes, mamma," answered Charlotte, "and it was rather peculiar, for Mrs. Ellsworth said Meg would look best next to the sheep wearing silver and blue."
Mrs. Jenney furrowed her brow.
"Only the Ellsworth women are eccentric enough to dress like Dresden shepherdesses for a little barnyard brigade," she surmised. "But there has to be something more to this - ah! - there is Bess. Surely she will know."
The maid was unmistakably on her way back from Ellsworth, and Eliza's eyes lit up like diamonds when she saw that Bess was indeed carrying a teacake as promised. Eliza jumped up and down and clapped her hands, as Mrs. Jenney waved at Bess to walk faster.
"Hurry, lass - you're slower than molasses in January!"
"Sorry, madam. It's only that I'm chock-full of cake and spiced tea," admitted Bess, grinning.
"What kind of cake is that?" asked Eliza, gazing longingly at the wrapped bundle.
"Never mind that now," interjected her mother. "What did you learn, girl?"
"Plenty!" replied the maid. "Why, I didn't even have to ask what Mrs. Billings said. Most of the staff was having tea, madam, and there was talk of nothing else."
"I wish we could have our tea," whimpered Eliza.
"Later, child. Now, go on, Bess, before my nerves fray and burst through my sides."
Bess took a serious moment to envision her mistress exploding, shook her head, and drew breath to begin.
"Mrs. Billings came to say that a young gentleman arrived from Wales yesterday. He is nephew to the Sanborn sisters, and heir to all that is Waverley Mills. His mother is their youngest sister, Genevieve, who left years ago to be educated in Europe, and became an accomplished performer with the Italian opera. His father is,of all things, a baron. Their estate in Wales is a centuries old castle, with gardens that would rival Versailles. The young man's name is Alonzo Hewes. He is a novelist, twenty-seven years of age, exceedingly handsome, and single. His sister Cora is with him. It is said that she, like her mother, has the ethereal voice of an angel. They will be introduced to the finer farming families, as Mrs. Billings phrased it, tomorrow at the Cheshire Agricultural Society Fair, where, it was added, an announcement of great importance would take place - no, not Hewes' engagement - but rather something to do with a distinguished guest visiting our village in the near future. That, I believe, is the gist of it."
The maid paused, terribly pleased with herself.
"Dressing for the witless sheep indeed!" Mrs. Jenney huffed, folding her arms. "I told you there was something afoot, and there is! An eligible bachelor of good standing has come to Liberty Fair, and our neighbors want to keep him for their driveling daughters alone!"
"Mamma," cried Selena. "I thought you liked Meg Ellsworth."
"I adore her. However, Meg has to marry that imbecile Garrett, so she doesn't count. But remember, Meg has two needy sisters, not to mention a pair of Billings cousins that couldn't find a husband even if one fell out of the blessed sky and crushed them!"
"Mamma," protested Charlotte, "Meg's sister Anna is far from needy, and Madelyn merely four. As for the Billings girls, they are such sweet creatures. How can you condemn them so?"
"That's the point, entirely!" Mrs. Jenney proclaimed. "All Mary Billings has to do is flutter those doe-like eyes of hers and our esteemed bachelor is done for!"
"Mamma," said Louisa Jane sternly, "Mary Billings is twelve."
"And Alonzo Hewes not yet thirty," their mother wailed in return. "He can wait for her!"
It was at this instant that yet another of Drusilla Jenney's infamous ideas galloped through her head.
"I have it, girls, come along! There's precious little time!"
"Time for what, mamma?" implored Charlotte.
"Whatever are we doing, mamma?" beseeched Selena.
"We are entering something of our livestock in tomorrow's fair."
"We haven't time!" argued Louisa Jane.
"We haven't had our tea!" reminded Eliza.
"Louisa Jane, go fetch your father, for he obeys you best. Have him find the Cheshire Agricultural Society papers - I believe we attended six or seven years ago - and meet us in the barn so that we might select which of our animals are going to the fair."
Mrs. Jenney marched the other girls around the front of the house as Louisa Jane, resigning herself to her fate, went to inform her father his counsel was required in the cow barn.



CHAPTER FOUR
A sorry lot


Mr. Jenney and Louisa Jane arrived at the barn only to find Mrs. Jenney in a woeful state of distress.
"Oh, Mr. Jenney," she sobbed. "When did our animals become so...unsuitable?"
Mr. Jenney pursed his lips and turned to his wife.
"I believe it occurred when we allowed our livestock to run wild like our girls."
Naturally, the young ladies enjoyed a merry giggle over this. Only their mother's infinite anguish prevented them from prolonging their glee.
"Oh! We have not a single creature fit for the fair!" Mrs. Jenney despaired.
"My dear wife, please explain why we are attempting such folly, for even our articulate Louisa Jane was at a complete loss for words."
"His name is Mr. Alonzo Hewes. His father is a Welsh baron, and his mother with the Italian opera. He is a novelist, newly arrived, twenty-seven years of age, said to be immensely attractive, and presently unmarried."
"What a baron's brat has to do with our lazy barnyard escapes me, my pet. Have you at least met this young man?"
"No - and if that bossy Grace Billings and her hoity-toity cousin had their way, I never would.  However, I made certain our girl Bess uncovered the facts straight from the Ellsworths' cook."
"Ah!" exclaimed her husband. "Reports are always one hundred percent reliable when dished out by the cook."
"Do not pretend to understand the management of a household, Mr. Jenney, for if you did, you would know that a mere hint of information in the breakfast room goes full broadside in the servants' hall. It is because of the cook we have been apprised that Mr. Hewes will attend the Cheshire Agricultural Society Fair tomorrow. Consider what this will mean for our girls."
"What, Mrs. Jenney? Are you actually planning on entering our daughters in the competition?"
"Do not be droll, Mr. Jenney, and pray, let us waste no more time. I wish to enter something of our livestock. Therefore, read to us the premium list, if you would be so kind."
Mr. Jenney despised the word kind, however, after exhibiting a perfectly mastered scowl, he proceeded.
"Twenty-five dollars awarded for the best pair of working oxen not over eight years old."
Eliza, who had given names to all the barn animals, spoke up at once.
"Pickles and Relish are older than eight."
"Pickles and Relish?" echoed her father. "With such names, it's a wonder our oxen cared to live as long as they have."
"Father, I named them when I was five," Eliza pointed out loftily, for she was presently all of ten.
"They are beguiling names, my precious, never mind. Continue, Mr. Jenney."
"For the best bull, not less than two years of age, and not more than twelve, a prize of ten dollars."
"Our bull is older than King George, and twice as daft," declared Mrs. Jenney.
"His name is King Henry, mamma," reminded Eliza.
"Perhaps our four-legged monarch lost his mind because he is surrounded by so many silly females," proposed Mr. Jenney. "Although, like the true Henry, he can order their heads chopped off - hack, slash, lop, mangle, boom!- just like that."
For the time being, Mrs. Jenney ignored the well directed slight.
"Do you not recall last year, husband, when King Henry fell in love with a moose? It was maddening. They bellowed to one another incessantly over the pasture rails."
"I could scarcely hear them for the incessant bellowing in the house."
"Remind me, Mr. Jenney, to acknowledge your ready wit when my sanity is fully restored. Meanwhile, do go on."
"An award of fifteen for the finest milch cow."
"Now Martha Do Get Up can go," suggested Eliza.
"That name again, please?" asked Mr. Jenney.
"Of course, father. Our prettiest cow - her full name is Now Martha Do Get Up. Her original name was Martha, but she was forever lying down. Mamma and I beseeched Martha so many times to stand, the longer name stuck."
"In that case, Now Martha Do Get Up cannot go. Her name contains far too many characters for the program," said Mr. Jenney before returning to his pamphlet. "Ah, the next category offers ten for the best boar."
"'Tis a pity we cannot enter your brother," retorted Mrs. Jenney to her husband with a smile. "Pray continue."
"Best merino ewes, not over four years old, not less than five in number," supplied Mr. Jenney.
"We have several suitable merinos. Let us go now and pick out a likely half-dozen," indicated Selena, whose nose was becoming greatly affected by the hay. 
"That is a splendid thought, Selena," said her mother. "However, the Ellsworths are sure to  produce far superior sheep, and we shall lose miserably."
"I thought the idea was merely to go to the fair, mamma," offered Charlotte. "Who cares if we win or lose?"
"Only the winning families will be presented to Mr. Hewes, Charlotte. How else are we to manage an introduction?"
Mr. Jenney cleared his throat.
"I will repeat my previous suggestion that we enter our girls."
"My husband, you are clearly losing reason."
"I assure you,my pet, I am not. For despite our girls lacking the refinements necessary to affix their names with those of society's most worthy, they do possess highly unusual talents, thanks to your illustrious theatrical career."
Mrs. Jenney fixed a cold stare upon her husband.
"Whatever do you mean?"
"Exactly this. Like you, winsome Selena fancies she sings as well as anyone, so there is the operatic mother-in-law thrilled for a glorious lifetime. Charlotte, being your child in every way, will manage a manor house as superbly as any third-rate stage setting, but - luckily for her - will appear nothing short of lovely while doing it. Miss Louisa Jane is not only pretty, but has a purposeful brain, and can therefore correct and improve the ill-fated Mr. Hewes' incessant scribblings, thus making him a literary giant by her own secret means. As for Eliza, although she is terribly young, Eliza can christen all the creatures that graze, swim, fly - and lie down - on their vast, baronial estate. Just imagine the ancestral bovine portraits in the grand gallery - a royal pair of oxen with a gold name plaque beneath  inscribed Pickles and Relish the Second."
"Cease at once the Merry Andrew act," advised his wife.
"That's a grand remark, coming from you, Lady Harlequin."
"Father," implored the exhausted Eliza, "is there not another category we might consider? It is getting cold and dark, and I want my cake."
"The last category offers five dollars for the finest set of suckling pigs," Mr. Jenney replied.
"That's it!" proclaimed Eliza. "Mrs. Wiggins just had twelve beautiful baby piglets."
"Does Mr. Wiggins know?" queried Mr. Jenney.
Eliza rolled her eyes and folded her arms.
"Father, Mrs. Wiggins is a pig. I've named her babies after the months of the year. June is particularly precious. Come see."
The family proceeded to Mrs. Wiggins' pen where the mountainous sow lay surrounded by her squealing, but adorable, piglets.
"The set of suckling pigs it is," announced Mrs. Jenney, quite pleased with the bounty.
"Oh, Eliza," cautioned Louisa Jane. "I think you are wrong about there being twelve, for I count thirteen."
"Thirteen!" moaned Eliza. "Then I must change all their names."
"Now, now, my little one, let us think on it," said her mother, soothingly. "Can you tell which one you missed?"
Eliza studied the restless brood.
"It must have been that arrogant, pushy little pig in the corner."
"Then that one is Mrs. Billings," Mrs. Jenney smirked, as she turned and strode into the house.



CHAPTER FIVE
When pigs fly


The first light of a promising dawn found the Jenney girls happily at work mending their dresses and adorning their festive hats. They were in a jovial mood - even Selena, who had never adapted well to early rising - and their progress was a joy to behold.
Their father, too, appeared to be cautiously caught up in the stir of things. He took his morning tea with the girls, and upon his wife's request, attempted to educate them about the Principality of Wales.
"Originally under Roman rule, Wales came into its own in the fifth century," Mr. Jenney related, until he was interrupted by Selena.
"Oh, to wear a Roman toga to the fair today, like Helen of Troy. Imagine what everyone would say."
"They would whisper that you were in your bed-sheet," giggled Eliza.
"Not to mention the wrong empire. Helen of Troy was Greek," enlightened Louisa Jane.
"If I may continue, girls, one of the first known leaders of Wales was a warrior named Rhodri the Great."
"Now there's a grand name for our next rooster, Eliza!" offered Charlotte with a grin.
"His descendants would go on to head various provinces of Wales until the English conquest prior to the fourteenth century."
"Is that where you come in, father?" queried Eliza.
"Personally? No."
"That was aeons ago," Louisa Jane admonished her little sister with a superior tone.
Eliza was not exactly certain how long an aeon was, so she covered her confusion by diligently buffing her half boots.
Selena, who had been trying several colorful ribbons on her crowned straw hat, leaned upon her elbows and sighed dreamily.
"Imagine our wonderful Mr. Hewes growing up in a castle."
"Oh, so the wonderful Mr. Hewes is already yours?" her father laughed. "My dear Selena, you are undeniably your mother's child."
"Do all barons live in castles?" questioned Charlotte.
"During medieval times, life was conducted by a rather different set of rules," ventured Mr. Jenney. "The monarchs reigned by divine right, meaning God granted that power, and no one else dared interfere - similar to the manner in which your mother runs this ruinous household today."
The girls bowed their heads in a poor attempt to disguise their grins.
"A baron was appointed by the monarch to oversee a portion of royal land," Mr. Jenney continued. "The peasants living off that land were overseen by the baron. This system of government is called Feudalism."
"Futile-ism?" mumbled Charlotte around a mouthful of pins.
"You could very well say that," her father replied. "It is only so long that a suppressed populace can be fooled into believing God cares solely for the privileged few. Times change. Initially, land held top value. Suddenly, the fearsome, grimy, working class is worth more than the land that barely supports them. The world, my dears, is forever spinning."
"Do you think Mr. Hewes' ancestors ever had to defend their castle against a full-scale attack by fearsome, grimy peasants?" breathed Louisa Jane, her book-befuddled brain wild with the drama of it all.
"It depends how namby-pamby the Hewes men truly were," Mr. Jenney chortled. "As for me, I can't fathom a pack of dreamy poets defending the ramparts. What could they possibly do but pour their dribbling ink down the murder holes onto the peasants' heads? Hardly a threat."
"Forget about the wars," decreed Selena. "I think it's so romantic that Mr. Hewes' mother is an opera singer. Can you picture it? His father must have spied her singing across the channel."
Everyone stopped what they were doing and stared at her.
"Selena," said Charlotte. "Whatever do you mean?"
"The baron must have heard her singing across the channel. After all, it's not very wide."
"Are you inferring that Italy sprouted wings and landed on Ireland?" exclaimed Louisa Jane.
"Additionally reducing Cardigan Bay to a babbling brook in the process," added Mr. Jenney with an anxious frown.
"Don't worry, Selena," assured little Eliza. "I didn't know most of that."
"Is there not a narrow channel between England and Italy?" wondered Selena. "Or am I thinking canal? Oh, a canal with gondolas - yes, that's it - how utterly grand."
Mr. Jenney carefully put down his teacup.
"Louisa Jane, whatever happens today at the fair, do not let Selena out of your sight. For if you do, she will track down the hapless Mr. Hewes and frighten him with the notion that Wales is now under Cossack control."
"How you exaggerate, dear father," declared Selena with a blush. "You know I could never meet Mr. Hewes on my own. It simply isn't done."
"That never stopped your mother, my dear."
As if on cue, Mrs. Jenney burst into the morning room.
"Mr. Jenney, I have been searching for you these past ten minutes! You must come at once. That ferocious Mrs. Wiggins has Bess pinned against the wall!"
"Mrs. Wiggins?" 
"The momma pig, father," reminded Eliza.
"We must make haste, Mr. Jenney," pleaded his wife. "Poor Bess is apoplectic."
Whether it was born of genuine concern or curiosity, each and every family member dashed off to the barn where they found the panicked Bess unquestionably cornered by the disgruntled sow.
"She wants to kill me," Bess gasped. "You can see it in her demon stare, you can hear it in her evil grunt. Oh, blessed saints above, I am going to die the most horrid death!"
For all that he practically lived in his library, Mr. Jenney was an accomplished farmer, and saw the solution at once.
"Bess, my girl," he began, "stepping into a sow's pen without a bucket of food is akin to trying to pass my wife without uttering a useless compliment. In either case, you're bound to have your head bitten off."
Mr. Jenney grabbed some grain and deftly steered the agitated beast away from the palpitating housemaid.
"Get John from the stables," Mr. Jenney instructed Bess after she safely vaulted the rails. "John and I will round up Mrs. Wiggins and her brood for the fair."
Mrs. Jenney paused, and a pretty countenance enveloped her face. She was gladdened to see her husband involved in what she deemed a purposeful project.
"May I assist, father?" asked Eliza. "I'd love to help - and travel in the cart with you, too, if I may. Mrs. Wiggins may require words of comfort along the way."
"Then assuredly you shall, Eliza. As for the rest of you ladies, get dressed, by all means get dressed! The Cheshire Agricultural Society Fair commences in an hour, and half that time is needed for walking there."
Selena was about to whine the word walk when her mother stopped her with an agile arch of her brow. Then, throwing a quick smile towards her husband, Mrs. Jenney turned and ushered her three daughters and Bess back into the house.
"Bess, my girl, go have yourself a cup of chocolate. It will calm your rattled nerves and restore your natural resolve," said Mrs. Jenney, as they entered the hall.
Bess had no idea where a resolve might be restored to, nonetheless she was grateful for her treat.
"Now, girls, show me what you are to wear for today's grand competition."
Louisa Jane held up her apricot-colored walking costume for her mother's approval, which was instantly won. Although bittersweet tones were common choices for youthful attire, Mrs. Jenney considered the hue rather lost on most girls, excepting her Louisa Jane, who had the glowing complexion to carry it off. 
"Only, my darling, please limit the number of gewgaws on your bonnet," Mrs. Jenney cautioned her daughter carefully. Louisa Jane loved lavish display, and often went to the extreme when dressing her hats.
"Oh, but I did so want to wear all these," sighed Louisa Jane.
"Now, now, my brilliant one, remember what I've always said: Bright eyes and bright grins always surpass ribbons and pins. And while we are on the subject, Louisa Jane, do refrain from correcting any error of speech Mr. Hewes might unintentionally impart. For although you are remarkably intelligent, my child, it is best that the young gentleman believes himself more so. Now, Charlotte, my angel - what are you wearing?"
Charlotte had selected a gown of dusky rose, and the trailing ribbons on her hat clearly flattered her boldly handsome face.
"As for you, my Charlotte, when you meet our illustrious Mr. Hewes, make every effort to use your reflective voice, and not so much your everyday voice, which is distinctively suited to being understood across crowded rooms. In other words, my treasure, speak like a peaceful poem and the poet will endeavor to listen."
"Of course, mamma," replied Charlotte, smiling.
"And my precious Selena, what have you chosen?"
Selena grinned and exhibited her gown of silver and blue, the intention of which was  not lost on her mother.
"How very astute, my dear. It is not nearly the daring costume Miss Ellsworth will be wearing, but then again, why sport your best finery in a sheep pen? And what will Meg do after this to bring notice to herself? Wear the crown jewels to church? No, my girl, you have it right. Only, Selena, my sweet, do not flitter and flounce about this morning, as you often have a tendency to do. I know it stems from your exuberance with life, however, for today, think of yourself instead as a solitary orchid. One may run ragged after an elusive butterfly, but the lovely flower that stands apart often compels the curious monarch to alight and linger."
"How right you are, mamma," concurred her eldest.
"It is time to attend to your hair, girls, so upstairs with you all. Louisa Jane, take pains that your curls are soft and supple. Cramped, tight curls only make you look anxious. Charlotte, be sure to sweep your hair away from your eyes, for they are quite compelling - and Selena, whatever you do is perfect, my pet."
The girls scampered upstairs, laughing and jesting with one another. Meanwhile, Mrs. Jenney set out to the kitchen where Bess was savoring her chocolate.
"Are you quite revived, my girl?" she asked.
Bess nodded happily, a pronounced line of hot milk painted across her upper lip.
"Excellent. I need you to run an important errand, Bess, so don your cloak and dash over to the coachmaker. Tell Mr. Charles Sparling I desire to engage his grandest carriage, a footman, and his smartest driver in one hour's time, if at all possible."
"At once, madam," answered Bess, elated to be sent outside on such a spectacular day.
"And Bess, should you encounter Mr. Jenney along the way, do not trouble him with the details of your task. Such unnecessary confessions would only lure him away from the business of the pigs, and we don't want a savage sow on the loose again, now do we?"
"Absolutely not, madam."
"Therefore, should Mr. Jenney presume to ask, merely respond that you are picking wildflowers for the dining room. Are you comfortable with that?"
"Of course, madam," proclaimed Bess, for she rather enjoyed being a bit player in one of Mrs. Jenney's exciting duplicities.
With Bess out the door, Mrs. Jenney went upstairs to attend to her own attire. The fact she had  precious little time did not ruffle her in the least. Mrs. Jenney was accustomed to rapid costume changes from her theater days, and instinctively knew how to match her appearance to most any situation. It amused her to think that many women of leisure might spend up to three hours preparing for a public appearance with little in the end to show for it.
While Mrs. Jenney was dressing her towering auburn hair, Mr. Jenney called to her from the lawn below. She peered out the window to find her husband and youngest daughter standing next to a hitched cart harboring the sow and her piglets. John was at the reins. Mr. Jenney was not pleased to see his wife with her hair every which way atop her head.
"Good heavens, woman, it's time to leave!" he proclaimed.
"We've had a minor mishap with Selena's gown," Mrs. Jenney fibbed neatly.  "All is in order now, so you go on ahead of us, and we'll join up shortly."
Mr. Jenney grimaced, as was his constant habit. Mrs. Jenney blew enthusiastic kisses to Eliza, and watched as they made their way towards the main road. She held her breath until they passed the junction where they might have encountered Bess on her return from the coachmaker's. Bess was a willing accomplice, but a terrible liar. Mr. Jenney would have extorted every last element of his wife's plot from Bess with but a single withering glance.
Meanwhile, in Selena's room, the sisters were happily braiding, twisting, and curling their locks.  Louisa Jane, whose hair was unquestionably the thickest, resembled a ship's mast in her pomade and papers. Selena was supervising, for she possessed a wonderful talent for hairdressing. In moments such as these, there was no animosity or competition amongst the girls. They believed that solid teamwork reaped positive results for one and all.
As hoped, Mr. Charles Sparling arrived within the hour driving a breathtaking coach the color of proud jonquils. Giggling Bess was at his side, while a stately footman arrayed in crimson and gold rode the board, and a spotted carriage dog ran alongside. Mrs. Jenney and the girls spilled out onto the drive in their alluring finery, expressing their praise and utter amazement.
"A coach, mamma?"
"Truly, mamma?"
"Whatever for, mamma?"
"My darlings, we simply cannot have your hair rumple in the heat of walking," replied Mrs. Jenney, before turning the full tenor of her smile to the coachman. "Mr. Sparling," she breathed, "you have outdone yourself. This carriage is the most impressive I have ever seen."
Mr. Charles Sparling was a tall, sparse, pale man with wispy tufts of light hair, and a kindly face.  He basked in Mrs. Jenney's adulation. In truth, he considered Mrs. Jenney a fine woman, even if his own wife, Edwina, most assuredly did not.
"I thank you, madam. I call it the Liberty Coach. Observe the hand-painted eagle on the front? My daughter did that."
"Did she?" exclaimed Mrs. Jenney. "The work is marvelous. And how is Miss Mary?"
"I am quite fine, thank you, Mrs. Jenney!" called a voice near the rear wheels, and it was noticed at once that Mary Sparling had costumed herself as a footman. The Jenney girls rushed to see her.
"When Bess here mentioned you were looking for a footman, my daughter readily agreed to play the part," the coachmaker confessed. "Of course, Mrs. Sparling was not entirely amused."
"But this is 1824, not the Dark Ages," laughed Mrs. Jenney. "Ah, well, your lady will soon realize times are changing. Like a character I once played - Cleopatra - she was faced with constant change, and did not falter until that fatal moment she held that angry asp to her heaving, naked breast -"
"Mamma," interjected Charlotte with a blush. "Shouldn't we be going now?"
With that, the ladies boarded, and the lithe carriage swept them through the splendid morning and on towards the oval green in the center of town known as Independence Mall.



CHAPTER SIX
A grand entrance


Originally christened Willard Township, Liberty Fair derived its name from the king's 1764 charter granting the newly formed settlement the 'liberty of holding two fairs annually.' With the subsequent break from mother England, Liberty Fair stood as a fitting name to commemorate the glory of American independence.
Sixty families resided in town. The center, bordered by lush fields, cascading hills, and a swift, rolling river, painted a picturesque scene. To the traveler's eye, it was the very essence of a welcoming New England village.
On this crisp and exhilarating autumn morning, most all of Liberty Fair and her neighboring communities had turned out for the agricultural show. Mrs. Jenney, having timed their arrival to perfection, could not have wished for a larger audience. Leaning forward, she discreetly asked Mr. Sparling to take the coach a second time around the green. Since his latest creation was being shown to its best advantage before nearly everyone from three counties, Mr. Sparling readily obliged.
Mrs. Jenney's sharp eyes scanned the field in search of Mr. Hewes. It did not take long to single him out.
He was indeed a distinguished young gentleman. Dressed in the latest European style, his ebony jacket flattered his broad, strong shoulders and fashionably cinched waistline, and his light trousers tapered perfectly to his square cut shoes. He was a study in deportment with his curved top hat held nonchalantly in his left hand. Even from a distance, Mrs. Jenney and the girls could determine he had fine, dark eyes and a proud, but amiable smile. Selena pronounced him worldly. Charlotte deemed his face highly romantic. Louisa Jane, however, was mostly impressed with his modish new chapeau. 
"Please stop there, Mr. Sparling," said Mrs. Jenney, indicating a place where the unsuspecting novelist could easily see them alight. Mr. Sparling brought the four matching horses to a well-mannered halt, and Mary gracefully leapt down from the foot-board to open the carriage door. Several townsfolk began to approach. Mrs. Jenney stepped out first, and as any grateful actress would, complimented Mr. Sparling's coachmaking skills before the gathering array.
Behaving every bit the dashing footman, Mary held out her hand to assist the beaming Selena down. Delivering Miss Jenney safely to the ground, Mary happened to glance momentarily at the onlookers, and her studied performance instantly gave way to absolute panic.
"Judas!" she cried, lurching for the doorway. "Hide me, quickly!"
Selena instinctively blocked the carriage door while Charlotte pulled Mary in with both hands.
"Mary," gasped Charlotte, "you can scarcely breathe! Whatever is wrong?"
"Garrett Billings is out there, and I mustn't let him see me like this!" Mary whimpered from the floor of the coach.
"Garrett Billings?" echoed Charlotte.
"Why can't he see you?" wondered Louisa Jane.
"Don't look at me!" Mary implored, to which both Louisa Jane and Charlotte sharply raised their heads. "Oh, I am positively mortified!"
"But why?" entreated Louisa Jane. "What if Garrett Billings is out there? My mother calls him a buffoon."
"Now just a minute, Miss Louisa Jane Jenney," the faux footman huffed. "Garrett Billings is not a buffoon. I believe him to be a tremendously misunderstood young man."
Charlotte and Louisa Jane glanced at one another knowingly.
"Oh, my," sighed Charlotte.
"You're in love with him, aren't you?" Louisa Jane groaned towards the floorboards.
"Don't look down!" begged their embarrassed friend. "And do lower your voices. Oh, it is my miserable misfortune to look like a boy when Garrett Billings is not ten feet away. I could just wither up and die!"
At this same time, Alonzo Hewes was making his way over in the company of Mr. Frank Niles, the newspaperman.
"Charlotte, Louisa Jane," murmured their mother over her shoulder, "for mercy's sake, why are you still in the coach?"
"Uh - my slipper, mamma," offered Louisa Jane. "The strap is loose."
"Adjust it quickly and come out at once," Mrs. Jenney lectured firmly under her breath. "And if you can't fix it, step down and stand still."
"Yes, mamma," mumbled Louisa Jane, her face flushing a full shade deeper than Charlotte's hat ribbons.
"Stay here," Charlotte instructed the cowering Mary. "I will tell your father that you feel unwell and he should immediately proceed home."
The sisters whispered and gestured frantically as to exactly how they were going to climb over their quivering companion. It also did not help matters that the carriage dog was barking madly at Mary to come out.
Frank Niles introduced young master Hewes to Mrs. Jenney. Mrs. Jenney uttered a pleasant little speech that was punctuated by a chorus of muffled screams when Louisa Jane inadvertently trampled Mary's fingers.
Mr. Niles' daughter, Julia, now joined the circle. She was a fanciful miss who adored dancing. Her style of walking had an exuberant spring to it. It was noticed that Miss Julia stood next to Mr. Hewes in a most possessive manner, creating a tableau of familiarity that did not please Mrs. Jenney one bit.
Miss Cora Hewes had also made her appearance. Adorned with the same sparkling, dark eyes as her brother, she was a handsome girl. Her bearing and demeanor were exemplary.
Mr. Niles proceeded to introduce Selena, whose practiced words of greeting were severely hampered by the carriage dog running circles about her and whining with abject misery. Selena was also not enthralled to see Julia Niles. Since childhood, Selena envied Julia's flowing, flaxen hair and light eyes, and at this moment, she assuredly envied her company.
"Miss Hewes, Mr. Hewes," said their host, "I will gladly introduce you to Miss Louisa Jane Jenney once she manages to - ahem - alight."
Louisa Jane was indeed experiencing difficulty in rearranging her skirts after her noticeably awkward descent from the foot iron.
Finally standing upon firm ground, Louisa Jane made a swift curtsy and an even swifter spiel of welcome. Her air of total confusion was only outdone by Charlotte shutting the carriage door squarely upon her own dress. Mrs. Jenney was visibly bewildered.
With a hint of amusement in his luminous eyes, and the warmth of Wales in his voice, Mr. Hewes bowed, offered a cordial farewell, and moved on. Mrs. Jenney did her best to maintain a poised expression until he was blessedly out of earshot. 
"What in the name of Helena just happened?" she asked at last.
"It's Mary, mamma, she is suddenly unwell," whispered Charlotte.
"Then why didn't you say so?" returned Mrs. Jenney as Charles Sparling vaulted down from the box to attend to his daughter.
"I am fine, truly I am," Mary croaked nervously from the floor of the carriage.
"Don't worry, Mary, he has left," supplied Charlotte in a loud whisper.
"Who has left?" asked her mother, suspiciously.
"Yes, who?" added Mary's father with an arched brow.
"Yes, who indeed?" piped in Selena, which was positively not helping.
Charlotte laughed, bit her lip, and mumbled incoherently, leaving everyone to look to Louisa Jane for the answer.
"Master Hewes," she sputtered. "Yes, Master Hewes. Mary did not wish to be seen by our new guest attired as a boy. Surely you can understand that, mother, Mr. Sparling."
"Naturally," allowed Mrs. Jenney.
"Of course," added Mr. Sparling.
"I see," surmised Selena, sounding far more ambiguous than certain.
"That's excellent," affirmed Mary, opening the carriage door and admitting the overwrought dog. "Now, let's go home, father, shall we?"
The four Jenney ladies waved and watched as the handsome coach rolled away from the green and disappeared down the winding river road.
"Come, girls, we must make amends to that ghastly introduction," Mrs. Jenney began, as she turned and immediately found herself face to face with her husband.
"I considered it terribly clever," said Mr. Jenney.
"I can explain," mumbled Mrs. Jenney.
"I was rather hoping you would."
"I can only assume you are slightly curious as to why we arrived in a coach."
"Devoured by curiosity, my dear."
Mrs. Jenney glanced at her daughters in that manner she always employed when she was about to lie through her teeth.
"We were making our leave, dear husband, when Mr. Sparling drove by testing the wheels of his latest creation. Hearing we were late, and walking, he offered to escort us to the fair."
"Is this true, daughters?"
There followed a hopeless pause in which Selena paled, Charlotte coughed, and Louisa Jane's eyes grew amazingly large.
"Oh, father, it was all my fault," proclaimed Charlotte, rushing swiftly to his side. "When I saw Mr. Sparling's carriage approach, I implored mamma to hire it because we would look so smart. It was a vain and frivolous thing - I know, father - and I am heartily sorry."
"And I begged mamma to hire it - because of my hair," said Louisa Jane.
"Your hair?"
"Yes, father. When I become overheated from walking, my hair expands to such a degree I resemble a crowned pharaoh of Egypt."
"How frightful," agreed her father, and then he turned to his eldest daughter.
"And how will you choose to defend your conniving mother, Selena?"
Selena fluttered her pretty lashes and placed her arm through her father's.
"I told mamma that if we took the carriage, we would be with you all the sooner," she replied sweetly.
"I know when I am outnumbered and outdone," Mr. Jenney sighed, putting his other arm out to Louisa Jane. "Come see your little sister. She has been reading The History of Sixteen Wonderful Old Women to Mrs. Wiggins and her brood in hopes that the limericks will amuse them and heighten their color for the judges. The tenth verse is so like your mother -

There was an old woman of Surrey
Who was morn, noon and night in a hurry.
Called her husband a fool
Drove her children to school
That worrying old woman of Surrey."

Mrs. Jenney wisely followed her family without further comment.



CHAPTER SEVEN
A day on the green


"What a charming brood!"
"And a large one."
"Just imagine if the human species gave birth to more than a dozen children at a time."
"Sister, we would be overrun with idiots."
Tess and Tilda Sanborn, or the Sanborn Sisters as they were commonly known, had stopped to view Mrs. Wiggins and her piglets. The sisters, socially active maiden ladies in their late forties, were two of four children born to a revolutionary war hero for whom much of the town had been named.
They were kindly, well-meaning women who often used their considerable inheritance to delight and assist others less fortunate. Preferring to live in a stately home overlooking the falls that powered the family mill, they remained on reasonable terms with their brother, Eldon Waverley Sanborn Jr., who resided at the family estate, known as Waverley Oaks. This impressive river crest manor, anchored on all sides by towering scarlet timbers hundreds of years old, had been immortalized on canvas by three notable artists - with one particular rendition placed on prominent display in the newly established Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts.
Tess Sanborn, being the eldest by fourteen months, was the dominant of the two when it came to making decisions or voicing opinions either wanted or otherwise. Tilda, for all she had been waited on hand and foot since birth, was an extremely accomplished seamstress. Together, they supervised nearly every pageant presented in Liberty Fair. Their sole competition in such endeavors came from the congenial, ruddy-cheeked tavern-keeper, Ezra Larabee, and his exuberant wife, Judith.
"Your sow seems content," remarked Miss Tess.
"Blissfully so," added Miss Tilda.
"Her name is Mrs. Wiggins, and this is her first time out in polite company," explained Eliza. "Might I introduce you to the rest?"
The Sanborn Sisters nodded simultaneously.
"The shivering small one is January, poor thing, the blustery one, February. March has the curliest tail. April and May are those adorable darlings over there. June is most precocious - there she is - dancing about in the front. July is a bit sullen, I'm afraid, and August loves to stretch out in the shade. September is pink, but October even more so. November has a knowing expression and December is the whitest of them all. Oh, and that obnoxious little round one squealing away in the corner is none other than -"
"Mrs. Billings!" exclaimed Mrs. Jenney, for the lady herself had appeared.
Grace Billings addressed the Sanborn Sisters affably before turning to the Jenney family with a glare that would curdle milk.
"What brings you here, Mrs. Jenney?"
"We were positively besieged with encouragement to attend," Mrs. Jenney replied levelly.
"Besieged?" repeated Mrs. Billings dubiously.
"Beleaguered, beset, and assailed on all sides," added Mr. Jenney.
"By all but our immediate neighbors," sighed Mrs. Jenney pointedly.
"Isn't that always the way," Mr. Jenney laughed, as only he could pretend to laugh.
"Mr. Frank Niles, in particular, was delighted to see his recommendation brought us here today. Did I tell you, dear husband, what he said?"
"Seven times at least, my pet, however, do repeat every delicious word, for I am sure Miss Tess, Miss Tilda, and Mrs. Billings would adore hearing them."
Mrs. Jenney paused, an actor's consummate blend of glee and guile bubbling about her animated face.
"Now, I don't wish to sound like a braggart, but these are Mr. Niles' words, not my own."
Mrs. Jenney fervently prayed the sarcastic glance Mr. Jenney threw her entirely escaped the others. Clearing her throat, she continued.
"'Mrs. Jenney', he said to me, 'your daughters possess a boundless sense of elegance, beauty, and vitality clearly unrivaled in Liberty Fair. Do come to our little show on Saturday, for I wish to introduce you to the Sanborns' nephew - a fine young man of superb family, artistic valor, and thus altogether worthy of your daughters' attention.' That is what he said."
"Really?" huffed Mrs. Billings.
"Truly," purred Mrs. Jenney with a smug tilt of her pretty head.
"That's our nephew!" confirmed Tess.
"Come to think of it, our Alonzo would look quite fitting alongside Miss Selena Jenney, would he not?" said Tilda, lightly pinching her sister's arm, while the subject of her praise, Miss Selena, acknowledged in a small way the immense agreement she felt for such an opinion.
"I must return to our pen," Mrs. Billings concluded, briskly. "Mr. Billings has been left alone with the bull."
The company held back their laughter until Mrs. Billings bobbed out of sight. The Sanborn Sisters excused themselves in order to visit other exhibits, but not before Eliza presented each with a colorful wildflower. The Jenneys left John in charge of Mrs. Wiggins and her piglets so that they, too, might enjoy the wonders of the fair.
Not far into the bustling main way, they encountered the Abbott family. Benjamin Abbott, Liberty Fair's only doctor, was a tall, sturdy man with a smattering of gray overtaking his temples. Beside him strolled his wife, Patricia, a quiet, unassuming woman who had raised five distinctly different children. 
"Doctor, pray tell, where is your delightful bevy of Abbotts?" inquired Mrs. Jenney.
"Ned is away at Harvard," replied the doctor, proudly.
Charlotte was disappointed not to see Ned Abbott. She had always considered Ned an easy-going, amiable, young man, self-assured without conceit, and secretly rather charming.
"He is so happy at Harvard," said Mrs. Abbott. "Of course, we wondered if Ned could truly buckle down to his studies, following his grand tour of Europe. He had a marvelous time - why, were you aware he attended the premiere of Beethoven's Ninth symphony last May in Vienna?"
"Vienna?" repeated Selena, thoughtfully. "Where the gondolas are?"
Louisa Jane skillfully turned Selena's attention in the direction of the Tuttles' prized goats.
"I envy my son's opportunity to witness such a unique composer in person," admitted Doctor Abbott. "That performance was Beethoven's first public appearance in twelve years. Originally, he wished to premiere the piece in Berlin, but was persuaded to consider Vienna instead. How fortunate for my son, to be there at the Krntnertortheater. It was full to capacity."
"A full house is any performer's dream," sighed Mrs. Jenney, knowingly.
"Ned told us that Beethoven, now completely deaf, was conducting furiously to the music in his head," Mrs. Abbott related. "When the movement had concluded, Beethoven was still conducting. One of the vocalists turned Beethoven towards the audience to accept his applause. He was given five ovations, Ned told us - five, when it was customary to greet royalty with three. Beethoven was greatly moved."
"Our Elaine would have loved to have been there," noted the doctor.
"And how is dear Elaine?" asked Mrs. Jenney. Elaine was the eldest Abbott daughter - a very pleasing young lady, exceedingly tall and light of figure. She was a sweet girl, always smiling, and deemed an accomplished singer.
"She is at home, practicing her vocals for tomorrow's service," offered Mrs. Abbott. "Little Natalie is with her. As for our Isabel, here she comes now."
The truth be known, not a single young lady in Liberty Fair felt inclined to ask after Miss Isabel Abbott. True, she was an infinitely accomplished girl, but prone to being proud. Nonetheless, the Jenney girls watched with studied politeness as Miss Abbott made her histrionic approach.
"Oh, father, you must speak to Patrick Henry at once. He is torturing a toad!"
"Dearest child, say hello to the Jenneys," suggested Mrs. Abbott.
"Hello," offered Isabel with a trite jerk of her head. "Now, father, please reprimand my disgusting brother before he infects us all with warts."
Doctor Abbott nodded his apologies to the Jenneys before calling out to his son. The boy made his way over. Patrick Henry was at this time like any other lad, mischievous, rambunctious, and exasperating. In his grasp was a bulbous, palpitating toad.
"Release that poor creature, Patrick Henry," his father ordered. "You are crushing its little lungs."
"Aw, I am not!" the boy retorted. "I've got to keep him - he's my pet - and besides, I've already named him."
"That toad does not wish to live inside our home," remarked his less-than-amused sister.
"How do you know, Isabel?  Has it told you? And would you rather it was squashed by a fat man's boot right here on the path?"
"That horrid little creature could be flattened by a herd of cows, for all I care."
"Watch it, stupid girl, you're hurting his feelings!"
"What have you named him?" interjected Miss Selena, sweetly.
"Pope Leo," answered the boy, disconcerting his entire family and motivating them to move on without delay.
The Jenneys next encountered the Crenshaws. Harland Crenshaw was a hatter in town, therefore his petite, forever-chattering wife, Nora, was invariably adorned in the latest fashion. On this particular day, she was wearing a white crepe concoction trimmed with autumn corn. Mrs. Jenney felt the creation was better suited to a carnival, but tactfully praised it all the same.
Their daughter Lorena was with them - a small, soft-spoken miss with beckoning eyes. Her hat was simpler, and more flattering to her face.
"Have you met the Sanborns' niece and nephew?" Mr. Crenshaw was asking. "They are entrancing, simply entrancing."
"I have not as yet had the pleasure, although, I do believe my wife has met them," responded Mr. Jenney.
"I found him positively disarming," cooed Mrs. Crenshaw. "We've invited Mr. Hewes and his sister to dine with us, and they, of course, have accepted."
"Of course," Mrs. Jenney echoed, more as a revelation than a reply. Then her true voice returned, bright and rather artificial. "Do excuse us, Mr. and Mrs. Crenshaw, Miss Lorena. I've completely forgotten we were to take tea with Consul Jarvis this very afternoon. How silly of me!"
"Consul Jarvis?" Mr. Jenney muttered as they walked away. "Could you not think of anyone less conspicuous?"
"The Crenshaws will never set foot on Jarvis land, much less compare notes about parlor guests," declared Mrs. Jenney. "Now, on to more important things, husband. You must first make the acquaintance of our new guest, and then invite him and his sister to dine with us, or else all is lost."
"In what way lost, my pet?"
"I believe Selena has formed an attachment," Mrs. Jenney whispered.
"To the sister?" uttered Mr. Jenney.
"To the writer," corrected his wife.
"Mr. Frank Niles? Why, he is all of forty -"
"No!" hissed his wife. "The novelist, you ninny."
"The novelist's name is You Ninny? Poor man, he must write under a pseudonym, or in his particular case, a pseudo-ninny."
Mrs. Jenney stopped walking and turned to her husband, her eyes rimmed with tears.
"Have you ever once, in all our time together, held one serious regard for anything I've said?" she asked, plaintively.
Mr. Jenney hesitated a brief moment, before presenting one of his rare smiles.
"More often than you will ever guess, my dear," he replied. "So bring me to this demigod, this sublime immortal who has descended upon our humble little hamlet with graciousness and light. Lead on, dear wife, lead on."
Mrs. Jenney laughed, and tugged at his arm, and the girls glimpsed at one another with the knowledge that all was right in their own little world. They moved on through the fair, nodding and waving to all those they knew, until they at last discovered Mr. Hewes and his sister in the company of the Quimbys.
Nicholas Quimby, owner of Liberty Fair's finest emporium, was a high-strung, nervous sort of perfectionist. He was also a widower with four daughters. His youngest, Ella, currently commanded full attention by gently holding on to Miss Hewes' hand, while fixing her great gray eyes upon the novelist. 
"Is your country named after the huge fish?" she inquired tenderly, for she was all of six.
"That would have been majestic," professed Mr. Hewes, as though little Miss Ella's suggestion was an excellent one. "However, our Wales is spelled without the h, and possibly has two meanings. The first means foreigners, and while we are now a united people, Wales was once a land of several independent kingdoms. Presently, we embrace the second definition, Cymru, which means friends and companions."
"Such a pretty word," sighed Miss Rachel Quimby, for although merely ten, she was deeply romantic.
The eldest Quimby girls, who were identical twins, did not speak. Instead, Constance was seen holding a distinct pose with her left profile towards their guest, while Catherine held her right, each believing their chosen side to be their most enticing.
After a polite round of small talk, Mr. Jenney was introduced to the novelist. Being Britons by birth, they conversed easily, and a promise to dine was designed, although Mrs. Jenney was secretly infuriated that theirs was the eleventh offer made to the esteemed bachelor that day.
Sensing there was little left to do but excuse themselves from the present company, Mr. Jenney began to offer farewells, but was interrupted by an announcement inviting one and all to meet at the south end of the mall.
"Charlotte, Louisa Jane, and Eliza, please come with me," insisted their mother prettily, while Selena stood alone and confused - alone and confused, that was, for only a moment - as the gallant Mr. Hewes promptly offered his free arm to her. As Mrs. Jenney glanced back, she knew her clever design had not been lost on Selena, who gave her mother a quick, elated wink.
For certain, all upon the green that day had heard the call to gather for a most intriguing proclamation, and the excitement of it could be felt as families and friends crushed towards the towering oaks. Selena was not oblivious to the stir she created by being on Mr. Hewes' arm, and she reveled in it as discreetly as she could possibly manage. It was, after all, difficult to maintain a demure and ladylike face while easily observing Mrs. Billings' bristled annoyance.
They came to a stop before a long table draped in white. Behind this makeshift podium stood Ezra Larabee, the village tavern-keeper, along with his wife, Judith. Ezra Larabee waited until the crowd collected, before waving his arms for silence.
"Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for coming out on this extraordinarily beautiful day for our seventh annual Cheshire Agricultural Society Fair."
This evoked a generous round of hand-clapping from the spectators, to which Mr. Larabee smiled and begged once more for silence.
"By all means, our sincere gratitude, our heartfelt plaudits and praise today, belong to those wonderful and deserving ladies without whom this marvelous setting would never exist. I speak, of course, of Miss Tess and Miss Tilda, the very charming, and most benevolent, Sanborn Sisters."
Enthusiastic cheers rose from the assembly, which flattered the sisters a great deal.
"Miss Tess and Miss Tilda wish us to know that the Sanborn Agricultural Award for Excellence this year is given to Mr. and Mrs. Owen Billings for their prize bull, Agamemnon."
"Well, bully for them," jested Mrs. Jenney quietly in her husband's ear.
"And now, for an announcement of supreme importance, a revelation so pleasing, that one and all present here today will never forget where they stood as they received this glorious news."
"Have we won a battle?" Mr. Jenney jested back to his wife.
Meanwhile, an excited murmur rose throughout the throng, and everyone seemed to lean forward in keen anticipation. Mrs. Jenney, glancing over her shoulder at her daughter and Mr. Hewes, noted that the novelist did not seem at all curious. She turned back with a knowing grin.
"As many of us are aware, on the first of September last, Portsmouth had the honor of entertaining a true champion of the American Revolution, General Lafayette. This hero of two worlds was in our state but a day - however - with the combined efforts of Liberty Fair's very own journalist, Mr. Frank Niles, myself, and our newly arrived novelist - and nephew to the Sanborns - Mr. Alonzo Hewes, we have received confirmation that General Lafayette will indeed visit our fair village, next June."
So many questions, comments and shouts of hurrah flew through the air that Ezra Larabee merely rocked back and forth upon his heels, reveling in the moment.
"We will reveal our full plans at a later date," he went on, once the drone had lulled. "Suffice it to say, we will assuredly involve the entire populace in welcoming our Nation's Guest." 
This news naturally provoked another round of applause.
"We shall also present one of our pageants for which, thanks to the lovely Sanborn Sisters, our village is renowned. Mr. Frank Niles and Mr. Alonzo Hewes, who, by the way, will be joining Mr. Niles as a guest journalist at our Liberty Fair Gazette, will both attend to the script."
Once again, the air resounded with another joyous outburst, particularly, it was observed, from the ladies.
"Additionally, it is hoped that Mrs. Martin Jenney, having been an accomplished actress upon the stage, will assist us with this momentous presentation."
The general tenor of the crowd somewhat fractured, as it found the gentlemen seemingly in favor of the nomination, and the women mostly muttering in indignant disbelief. Mrs. Jenney, however, could not have been more satisfied.
"The stage is set, my dear," whispered her husband, "so do take your bow."
"With pleasure," she said, and putting on her prettiest smile, Mrs. Jenney did just that.



CHAPTER EIGHT
All things newsworthy


Newspaperman Frank Niles started the Liberty Fair Gazette in the spring of 1824.
Born in the neighboring village of Mast Camp, where his father supervised the river transport of timber for English ships, Frank Niles was less than a year old when his family relocated to London. At the age of fourteen, Frank served as an apprentice for the Gentleman's Magazine of London. It was here he grew to love the newspaper business.
What finally lured him back to New England, Frank could never truly say. London was home to over one million people, offering plentiful commerce for anyone with bit of capital and an enterprising mind. Still, Frank, far too young when he departed to recollect anything about the place of his birth, was keenly influenced by the memories of his mother. She longed for the lush, unspoiled hills, and air that did not reek of soot and humanity. She could recall the calm, rippling Connecticut River as though it flowed directly before her. London's Thames was cursed with disease. Her fervent wish was to go home.
Her dream became his reality. In the summer of 1815, Frank Niles, then a widower with two small children, moved back to New Hampshire. It had not escaped Frank's notice that he had left as a baby at the start of one war with Britain, and returned with his infant son at the conclusion of another. His circle of life was, at last, finding completion.
Liberty Fair, having a population less than four-hundred, was perhaps not the best choice for a journalistic newspaper, however, being that it was a place of learned men, Frank Niles took the chance.  His editions covered mostly foreign news and U.S. politics. True, much of what the townsfolk read had actually happened weeks before, yet it gave them the power of first-hand knowledge. Frank also published local society gossip, religious sermons, and letters to the editors. When he began to attract advertisements from as far away as Boston for pianos, land auctions, employment opportunities, and remedy tonics, Frank decided that Mr. Hewes' offer to work alongside him was a good one. Little did he realize that this novelist from Wales would garner such attention.
During Alonzo Hewes' first week, he was summoned to several households for what was deemed newsworthy information. Lawyer Pomroy desired, in light of the general's upcoming visit, to share the history of a distant cousin twice removed, who was present at the British surrender at Yorktown. The Abbotts, not to be outdone, wished to relate the recollections of a godparent's uncle who happened to be staying at the Hotel d'York during the signing of the Treaty of Paris. Closer to home, the Daniels, who owned a lumber mill, claimed to have had a valuable red heifer stolen, and old Effie Randall swore she saw odd lights skimming about the night sky. This had only been the beginning.
Surprisingly, the Jenney family did not beckon the handsome young writer to their doorway to hear stories of famous distant relatives, falling stars, or curious cow disappearances. Instead, their time was entirely consumed by housecleaning.
The Jenney home had always been a bit tumble-down. Mrs. Jenney owed this to their sorry lack of staff, and her supreme air of indifference. Satan created dust, in her humble opinion, and no one should waste a day doing the devil's work. However, when Mr. Hewes' invitation to dine had been set for the second Saturday in November, a new set of ideals fell swiftly into play. The house had to be brought to right, and fast.
This was all well and good with Mrs. Jenney, until she received word that a formal supper party in the English style was being given in Mr. Hewes' honor at Ellsworth in a mere three days time. It had also been revealed that a select few neighbors would be invited to attend. 
Naturally, the Jenneys had also planned to entertain Mr. Hewes in the English-style. Mrs. Jenney believed that her husband, being British born, had more right to advertise an English-styled event than Mr. Ellsworth, who had been raised on a Yankee pig farm.
Additionally, despite living directly next door, Mrs. Jenney held scant hope they would be numbered on the exclusive guest list. When an invitation did in fact appear, Mrs. Jenney was in such a state, the girls had to dash about in search of the long hidden smelling salts.
True, the invitation was for Miss Selena, alone. Still, Mrs. Jenney considered it a triumph, and plans went immediately into action as to what Selena should wear and do and say. This exhaustive three-day rehearsal kept Mr. Jenney happily sequestered in his library, and poor Snub the parrot squawking away to a terribly distracted audience.
When the great and fateful day at last arrived, Miss Selena was sent in her satin and feathers to Ellsworth. The Jenney ladies watched her approach from the lower field, where the front door to Ellsworth could best be viewed in the glimmering twilight. Leaning upon the fence rails, the younger Jenney girls sighed. Neighboring Ellsworth, with all its candlelit windows, looked like a magical fairyland. When chill at last blanketed the air, they went inside to sew, read, and await Selena's return.  Mere minutes after eleven, the front door creaked, and the eldest Miss Jenney finally made her appearance.
"Oh, mamma!" Selena proclaimed dramatically. "What a chore this evening has been."
Naturally, the Jenney ladies were anxious to judge this for themselves, and Selena was implored to explain.
"Everyone, at first, was ushered into the formal parlor. There were four and twenty of us, at least, with no air and not a drop to drink. Poor Mrs. Pomroy was closest to the fire, and I believe her face paint was actually melting."
"Frances Ellsworth invited the Pomroys?" scoffed Mrs. Jenney. "Why, they are not neighbors,  they live in town off the green!"
"They may not be direct neighbors, mamma, however Mr. Pomroy is a lawyer," noted Louisa Jane.
"In all the situations where a lawyer might be needed, a free meal is not one of them," declared her mother.
"Go on, Selena," yawned little Eliza. "Tell us about the party."
"We stood in that furnace of a room for nearly an hour. Small talk was all anyone could manage, and it was a blessing that Mr. Merrill - whom I was forced to speak with - had not consumed onions beforehand - that is how closely we were arranged."
"Gideon Merrill the tailor was there?" exclaimed Mrs. Jenney. "Whatever for?"
"To reduce the number of single women, I imagine," guessed Charlotte with a shrug.
"Mr. Merrill happily enlightened me as to the latest shades in fashion. It seems my Devonshire brown is definitely out, while apparently dust of ruin is in."
"What color, pray tell, is dust of ruin?" inquired Louisa Jane.
"Squirrel colored, I was informed."
"Then Mr. Merrill, being a crafty little weasel himself, should be most pleased," apprised Mrs. Jenney.
"Wilson appeared, all togged up in Ellsworth colors, and wearing a face you'd swear had been sniffing dead fish. We were then summoned into the dining hall by rank."
"Rank?" echoed the sleepy Eliza.
"Isn't that something you do when the king is your guest?" asked Charlotte.
"More like something you do when Frances Ellsworth is in charge," muttered their mother. "So, tell us, who was first - no, no, let me guess. the Sanborn Sisters."
"Most definitely. Mr. Ellsworth escorted them in."
"They are worthy and kind women, this is true, however, they are also Mr. Hewes' family. What better way to encourage a recommendation of their nephew for the daughter," said Mrs. Jenney. "Go on."
"The Billings were next. They sat near the head of the table."
"Were Garrett and his sisters there?" asked Louisa Jane.
"No, only Mr. & Mrs. Billings."
"That is because the Billings girls are too young for Mr. Hewes, and Garrett couldn't possibly eat properly without a trough tossed in front of him."
"Mamma!" Charlotte despaired, as Selena went on.
"The Pomroys and the Abbotts were next - and before you comment, mamma, the Abbotts included Elaine and Isabel, and the Pomroys, both daughters. After them, Mrs. Ellsworth escorted Mr. Hewes and his sister to the center of the table. Meg sat to Mr. Hewes' left."
"Aha!" exclaimed Mrs. Jenney. "So they are lining up Meg for our elegant bachelor after all. Well, that's the end of mutton-head Garrett - unless, of course, they force poor Anna to marry him."
"Mamma," cried Charlotte, "I must insist upon your reconsidering such a low opinion of Garrett Billings, for you are quite alone in your perceptions."
Mrs. Jenney appeared momentarily contrite, as Selena continued.
"Back to the party, if you please. Next to be called were Julia Niles and her father. Gideon Merrill and myself were last. I was announced as the daughter of an actress."
Mrs. Jenney did not find that remark as condescending as Mrs. Ellsworth obviously intended.
"I was placed at the end on the same side as Mr. Hewes, as was Savannah Pomroy."
"Solely not to be seen by the guest of honor," nodded Mrs. Jenney, for as much as she considered her daughters attractive, Savannah Pomroy was, without doubt, the most alluring young lady in all of Liberty Fair.
"Actually, the way the table was arranged, our esteemed guest could see scarce few of his fellow diners. The centerpiece effect was a large, stuffed pheasant, copied from a George Edwards painting."
"A dead bird?" questioned her mother. "How very odd."
"On the contrary," claimed Mr. Jenney, who had just entered the room. "Mummified wildlife is all the rage in elite dining rooms and eccentric women's attire."
"For my part, I considered it strange," professed Selena. "However, the meal was delightful. We began with turtle soup."
"Oh, not my Mr. Squaretoes, I hope," breathed little Eliza, who had named an ancient tortoise that loved to lounge on the sunny riverbank between the Ellsworth and Jenney properties.
"No, dear Eliza, I believe your Mr. Squaretoes is too old and tough for soup," smiled Selena. "Next, we had lobster with Dutch sauce and beef Cardinal. I'm quite sure cucumbers and cruet followed, then lamb cutlets, with asparagus and peas, roast saddle of venison, another fish, green goose, plovers eggs in aspic, a mayonnaise of fowl, and more sweet dishes than you could ever possibly imagine. Why, I'm convinced I shall burst."
"How many courses?" inquired Mr. Jenney.
"Ten, at least," vowed Selena, "and each served with a different wine."
"How terribly English," he remarked, rather impressed.
"I was reprimanded several times for thanking Wilson and the footmen for serving me. I suppose that simply isn't done."
"Never," agreed her father. "Speaking to, or about, the servants during dinner is assuredly second-rate."
"Perhaps it would be best for me never to marry into proper society," sighed Selena. "I have a tendency to thank everyone for everything. Besides, if I ate that way every night, I would rapidly resemble a hot air balloon."
"I doubt you would float," laughed Louisa Jane.
"Did Mr. Hewes enjoy the evening?" asked Charlotte.
"For what little I saw of him, I can still venture a guess he did not. In the parlor, and at the table, he was surrounded by Ellsworths. I'm fairly confident he never conversed with anyone else, which troubled him, for - as much as I hate to admit this - I  did notice a certain glimmer in his eye for Miss Savannah Pomroy. And he has such fine eyes!"
Selena sighed dramatically and went on.
"The talk at the table was predominantly political, which combined with the candlelight and oh so many courses, rendered nearly everyone comatose. Let us pray we do not bore Mr. Hewes in this same manner when he dines with us."
"Indeed we will not," concluded Mrs. Jenney, and as she was observed to be scheming, her family promptly left her in peace to do so.



CHAPTER NINE
First impressions


"Welcome, everyone, to the first meeting of the General's Welcome Committee - oh, I have said welcome more than once, haven't I?"
Each participant around the table at Larabee's Tavern laughed politely along with their congenial host.
"I've called this particular group together in order to discuss details for the general's pageant. As much as our presentation date is still eight months away, a prudent script must be written, roles cast, and a schedule of practices set. To begin, perhaps we might introduce ourselves for the benefit of our newest arrival, novelist Alonzo Hewes. I am, of course -"
"Mrs. Owen Billings," informed the lady, jumping right over Ezra Larabee's attempt to complete a sentence, and donning her reserved for society smile for good measure, "and this is my husband, Owen."
"That's me," nodded Owen Billings, who was accustomed to getting scarce few words in edgeways when his wife was around.
"We're Tess and Tilda, your aunts, dear boy," grinned Tess.
"Yes, aunties," Alonzo laughed, and looked to the next.
"Again, I'm George Ellsworth of Ellsworth. You dined with us last Friday at my family estate."
"Yes," Mr. Hewes returned, all graciousness. "You have such an attractive home, and it was indeed a memorable meal. Please do repeat my compliments to your lovely wife."
"Mrs. Ellsworth is home with a migraine, poor thing - however, our most accomplished daughter, Meg, is sitting outside on the porch. Perhaps we might -"
"And I am Mrs. Martin Jenney, Mr. Hewes," Drusilla interjected smoothly. "You will be dining with us in ten days - and I so look forward to it, as does my equally accomplished daughter, Selena, who is likewise waiting on the porch."
"How many more extraordinary young ladies are waiting on the porch?" inquired the novelist with a sly grin, which provoked an instant round of amused chatter.
"You were an actress, I believe, Mrs. Jenney?" Mr. Hewes went on to ask.
"Yes, Mr. Hewes - primarily in the southern states, although I did begin my acting career in Boston with the Board Alley Playhouse."
"Our sister is an actress," said Tilda.
"A singer," corrected Tess.
"An entertainer," supposed Tilda.
"And a lady," surmised Tess.
"My mother is an amiable mixture of all four," smiled Mr. Hewes. "Mrs. Jenney, I do look forward to chatting with you about your theater experiences. I find the stage so very fascinating."
"That would be a pleasure, Mr. Hewes," replied Mrs. Jenney, humbly.
"And I am Gideon Merrill, the tailor," began the gentleman. "We met briefly at Ellsworth. My task will be to create the costumes you envision, and I couldn't be more elated."
"And I am your humble servant, Ezra Larabee," said the tavern-keeper, concluding the introductions. "Now, shall we move on?"

Outside, on the vine-covered porch of Larabee's Tavern, sat Selena and her dear friend Meg. The early November day was surprisingly pleasant, and the girls reveled in the warm rays of the sun that trickled through the trailing bittersweet.
"Such a lovely afternoon," Selena was saying. "It is difficult to believe that fall is nearly done and winter on its way."
"It seems only a week ago we were floating our pretty paper boats down the river," remarked Meg. "Do you remember that beautiful summer day?"
"How can I forget? Your mother had such a fit over your getting freckled."
"She did react rather badly," grimaced Meg.
"That's putting it mildly," returned Selena, patting her friend's hand. "I seem to recall her behaving as if your face was on fire."
Meg sighed deeply. "Sometimes, I'd like to be a little girl again, with no cares in the world, whatsoever."
"Yet, here we are, getting older by the minute, and there are still so many...mysteries. I suppose I'm still a naive girl in many ways, and far too ignorant to grow up," admitted Selena with a grin.
"Selena," began her friend, however, they were abruptly surprised by a young man's face prodding through the trellis.
"Hugh Farley!" exclaimed Selena, clapping her hands. "It's been such a long time since I last saw you. Where have you been keeping yourself?"
In response, Hugh Farley held up a heavily dappled paint brush.
"I've been rather busy," he declared somberly.
"You're painting Mr. Larabee's tavern?"
Hugh nodded.
"Is your father with you?"
"Isn't he always?" the young man smirked. "Yes, my father is attending to the trim 'round the back kitchen. Pity he wasn't in another part of town, because if he was, I'd leap through this tangled mess, gather you both up, and kiss you."
Selena put her hands to her face and squealed with pretended glee.
"Hugh Farley," she said emphatically, "you are such a flirt!"
All this time, Meg had not uttered a single word. Still giggling, Selena glanced from Meg to Hugh, and then back again. It was then Selena noticed that the pensive painter was regarding her best friend rather longingly.
"Go away, Hugh," Selena instructed, waving her long fingers at his vine-framed face. "We have things to discuss."
The painter tipped his hat and grudgingly took his leave. Selena waited until she knew he was well away before speaking.
"I see our mad artist with a brush has a decided look of love for you," she said solemnly.
"Oh, Selena," implored her friend, "do come with me."
Meg stood, and taking Selena's hand, led her to a parlor a distance beyond where the General's Welcome Committee sat talking all at once in typical committee fashion.
"Now, Meg, do tell - what is it?" begged Selena in a curious whisper. "Did you know Hugh Farley was here today? Is that why you came? If so, I never knew -"
"It's not Hugh Farley. Gracious sakes, that imbecile is worthless. I watch him, after church, trifling with every woman he sees - and most likely just to get an invitation to tea. How could anyone take him seriously?"
"Then what is it, Meg?"
Meg paused a moment before speaking.
"Selena, what do you think of Mr. Hewes?"
Selena was about to blurt out every incredible truth her heart was harboring, but hesitated. The question was posed innocently enough, but even to Selena's carefree mind, there seemed to be something behind it.
"Mr. Hewes - why do you ask?"
"Simple enough, silly. In a town where eligible men are such rare finds, I merely wanted your opinion. After all, so many females seem to be after him."
"I believe more mothers of marriageable daughters are involved in that present pursuit," suspected Selena.
"This is true," replied Meg with an odd little laugh. "But I am wondering what you think, Selena. You met Mr. Hewes at the fair - he escorted you to Mr. Larabee's announcement."
"Yes," answered Selena, ducking her head.
"What was he like? What did he say?"
Selena drew breath, still not sure she should reveal her true feelings.
"He is amiable, Meg - very much so - and worldly. His good looks are evident to everyone, so I can offer nothing on that score that isn't already known. As for what he said, why, I scarcely remember. Mr. Larabee was speaking, so there was precious little conversation between us -"
"I love him," admitted Meg suddenly. "I love him so terribly, it hurts."
Meg sighed with relief, and having said this, she waited for a reaction from her closest friend. So still was Selena's face, so strange in expression, that Meg merely perceived her silence to be the product of surprise. 
"The beauty of his face leaves me breathless," professed Meg, clasping her small, pretty hands, "and the lyrical sound of his voice stays with me, echoing day and night in my mind. So many poems and stories speak of the madness of love at first sight, and I now know this to be true. At the fair - the way he smiled at me - me, Selena, standing there like a dress-up doll in a foolish sheep pen! But he did look at me differently than all the other young ladies that day - I swear it. And then, at our dinner party - the way his eyes met mine. Why, it was as if he was speaking to me from his heart. It is a madness that sets fire to your soul. Oh, Selena, you have no idea."
"Perhaps I don't," Selena answered quietly.
"To add to his good looks and amiable manner, Mr. Hewes is exceptionally sensible and wise. He knows about so many fascinating things, and when I speak with him, I am transported. He has captivated my heart, Selena, and my only hope is that he feels the same."
"But, Meg - what of Garrett Billings?"
Meg laughed. "Dearest friend, you of all people should realize how little he means to me as a future husband. Garrett and I grew up together. He is like a brother to me. Neither of us have shared such feelings as I have for Mr. Hewes."
"I take it you have not discussed the abandonment of Mr. Billings with your mother."
Meg shook her head. "Not as yet," she said. "However, I know merely by observance that mother is not at all opposed to a union with Mr. Hewes. Why, I daresay she so much as encourages it."
"All this so soon?" replied Selena, making her best attempt to smile.
"When it comes to Mr. Hewes, I feel like I've known him forever," revealed Meg, just as the window next to them raised sharply and Hugh Farley leaned well inside.
"There you are, ladies," he proclaimed, waving his paint brush, "and prettier than ever! So come to this rattletrap of a window and show your poor, tired friend some solace."
The girls reacted by laughing and shooing him away with the sofa cushions, and for Meg, the subject of Mr. Hewes was, for the moment, merrily forgotten. 
For Selena, it was all she could do to get home without her mood falling subject to suspicion, and once there, she collapsed into Charlotte's arms and wept bitterly for the better part of an hour.



CHAPTER TEN
Second thoughts


Charlotte resolved that Selena's heartache required an immediate dose of action, and being the close copy of her mother's somewhat untamed imagination, Charlotte's scheme was envisioned and executed in the swiftest fashion.
In order to achieve the intended goal, Louisa Jane was brought, under oath, into the covert plan, and one early November morning found the three girls off for a jaunt into the village. This was met with their parents' instant approval. Drusilla Jenney was busy readying the house for Mr. Hewes' visit, and their father appreciated the reduction of clamor the departure of three chattering females would ultimately create.
Selena, at first, was hesitant to tempt fate. Meg Ellsworth had been her closest friend since childhood. They had shared in times happy and sad, understood one another perfectly, and promised never to divulge sworn secrets. On this account alone, Selena was resolute not to challenge her best friend's supposed place in Mr. Hewes' heart - however, Charlotte felt quite differently on the matter.
"For Meg, this could be momentary infatuation," suggested Charlotte. "You have only her opinion on it, and her thoughts are colored by the wild distraction of it all. Besides, you yourself, Selena, mentioned that during the Ellsworths' party, Mr. Hewes was regarding Miss Savannah Pomroy in a rather attentive manner. While this doesn't bode well for your feelings towards Mr. Hewes, it does clearly demonstrate that his interests are still decidedly unfixed."
Therefore, Selena allowed that an attempt to revisit Mr. Hewes might be most opportune, however, the mode of executing the plan did not particularly strike her fancy.
"We are walking three miles?" Selena moaned. "That sounds monstrous."
"I walk at least three miles every day," answered Charlotte.
"Yes, and you are as brown as a nut, and fit to climb trees - which makes you solely attractive to lonesome squirrels," observed Selena satirically. "Let's ask for the carriage."
"We dare not ask for the carriage," Charlotte insisted. "For if we do, father will demand to know what we are about, and while you are, without a doubt, the most accomplished liar amongst us, Selena, you would not do well this round, being that the objective is personal to you. Therefore, with merely one raised eyebrow, father would drain the truth out of you faster than sap from a spring maple, and our scheme is finished. Getting mamma involved would be of no earthly use either, and then, before you know it, you will find yourself standing in the last row at church, sobbing into your gloves while your once best friend becomes Mrs. Alonzo Hewes - and it will be at that precise moment, mark my words dear sister, that you will have wished you never asked for the carriage."
"Fine! Agreed - we'll walk," groaned Selena, and off the three went.
While they strolled in the cool of the morning, Selena relived much of her prior conversation with Charlotte, only this time, it was better understood without a torrent of tears. Louisa Jane did her best to appear condoling, however, she was at an age where romantic anguish was something best left to her beloved books. Charlotte, for all she was younger than Selena, proved to be the wiser one. 
"Meg vowed that Mr. Hewes regarded her differently than any other young lady at the fair," Selena recalled sadly.
"When you're attired like Marie Antoinette, with an absurd hat that reaches the moon, and a big stick in your hand, who wouldn't look at you otherwise?" returned Charlotte, squarely.
"She went on and on about the beauty of his face, and the way his voice sings - or something to that effect. She also spoke of the madness of love at first sight."
"I'm sure every line of that was lifted out of a poetry book," concluded Charlotte. "Do you see what I'm saying, Selena? Consider this - Meg has been promised to Garrett Billings, which does nothing to stir her soul. Then, along comes a handsome, not to mention wealthy, bachelor to a village where such men are scarcer than rain in a desert. He looks at her. Goodness, he's looked at us all."
"He even looked at me," teased Louisa Jane.
"And are you in love with him, too?" sighed Selena.
"Not particularly - but I do like his hats," was her level answer.
Selena stopped walking, and fresh tears welled in her frantic eyes.
"Here is the part that hurts wretchedly, sisters," she sobbed. "When Meg inquired what I thought of him, I said he was worldly. And she should have known, being my closest friend, that a worldly man was all I ever wanted."
Charlotte and Louisa Jane replied nothing, instead putting their arms through Selena's, they gave her a solemn hug of sympathy, and moved on into the lower main village where whispers of smoke curled lazily from the fogbound roofs.

The sisters ended their journey a few doors away from Mr. Niles' newspaper office.
"Do you remember what to do, Louisa Jane?" whispered Charlotte.
"Of course," replied the girl, who was even a quicker study than her mother. 
"All right, then," breathed Charlotte. "One to make ready, two to prepare -"
"Stop!" cried Selena."You're making me squeamish."
The girls were about to take a step, when the bell over Mr. Niles' office rang, the door fully opened, and out stepped Mr. Hewes. This unexpected twist to the plan caused the sisters to swiftly huddle and make what could best be described as tiny shrieks of distress.
"Miss Selena?" questioned the curious Mr. Hewes. "Miss Charlotte and Miss Louisa?"
"Jane," muttered the girl, grimacing as she immediately recalled her mother's advice never to correct a young gentleman.
"Miss Jane."
"Actually, it is Louisa Jane," she frowned, feeling completely doomed in her mother's eyes.
"A lovely name, as are all your names. And now, ladies, what brings you into town?"
Louisa Jane stepped forward. "I wished to speak with you and Mr. Niles if I may, Mr. Hewes. It's - it's about writing, sir. I have such a passion for it, and I felt perhaps you could enlighten me on how to pursue my interests - however, if you are going somewhere - "
Mr. Hewes smiled. "Come in, ladies, where it is warmer, and we will indeed talk."
Mr. Hewes held open the door beneath a polished black and gold sign boasting an inkwell, a book, and an eagle in flight. Selena elected to step inside last, in order that she might have a quick moment to adjust her hair, her coat, and above all, her composure.
Mr. Niles was surprised and pleased to see the Jenney girls, and in honor of their visit, he brewed some tea upon his step top stove, and produced a hearty plate of biscuits as well. The office was enchanting in Louisa Jane's eyes, for there were stories and articles affixed everywhere about the walls, and books and paper enough to last a literary enthusiast's lifetime.
The gentlemen were eager to hear of Miss Louisa Jane's interest in writing, and for all that the visit began as a ruse, Louisa Jane spoke earnestly and well, for the subject was truly dear to her. Both gentlemen gave sound advice, which above all, included the encouragement to keep reading. Louisa Jane asked Mr. Hewes what his book was about.
"Ah, this novel, which no one has read, and yet I am so famous for," the young man laughed. "Like you, Louisa Jane, I always wanted to be a writer. My father was disappointed in this. He wanted me to become a soldier - however, the only war I have stomach for, is a war of words."
The ladies laughed merrily.
"My book is entitled Christopher Cadwell, and it is the story of a wistful lad who foolishly pursues a wealthy man's proud and pretentious daughter, all the while ignoring the true love of a good, kindly lady, far less fortunate."
"That is a book I would dearly love to read," breathed Selena, for the very summary of the tale provided hope for her own heart beyond her wildest dreams. 
"It's rather sad at the end," admitted Mr. Hewes.
"A tragic conclusion is somewhat compulsory for all stories that deal with the yearnings and mysteries of the soul," added Mr. Niles. "A highly romantic tale, like a radiant fire, burns luminously, but alas must extinguish itself at some point."
"You are a fatalist, Mr. Niles," chided Mr. Hewes.
"No, I am a realist - a realist who loves a good story, for they carry me away to realizations, and places, I never thought possible."
"I truly should start reading," gushed Selena, and she would have said more, but for the tiny kick she received under the table from her smiling sister, Charlotte.
"Miss Jenney," began Mr. Niles, addressing Louisa Jane, "I have a proposition for you. If you care to write something - perhaps a society comment - I will publish it in our gazette."
"For truth?" breathed Louisa Jane.
"For truth," answered the newspaperman. "Since your family is hosting a supper party shortly for our romantic Mr. Hewes here, possibly that could be your first story."
"That is a most excellent idea, Mr. Niles. Of course, being our party, it might be best for me to write under a pseudonym."
"I would think it might be best to work under a lamp," offered Selena, causing her sister Charlotte to stand at once and speak a tad bit too loudly.
"We've taken up enough of your time, Mr. Niles, Mr. Hewes. We ought to be going."
Mr. Hewes and Miss Selena happened to slowly stand at exactly the same time, their gaze very much entwined.
"I look forward to seeing you again, Miss Selena," said he.
Selena mumbled something barely intelligible in return, however her ardent eyes and bright
smile made up for any lack of articulate coherence. With this, the girls took their leave, and the long walk home did not seem so dreadful to Miss Selena after all.



CHAPTER ELEVEN
Three french hens


A few days prior to the all important party, Mr. Jenney's eldest brother arrived, quite unannounced, from England.
Herbert Jenney, MP, as his title suggested, was a distinguished member of parliament. In stark contrast to his brother, Herbert Jenney was a blubbery, squat man who, with his labored strut and sagging jowls, easily resembled a bulldog. He had a nagging habit of speaking carefully and slowly, with nary a resulting word constituted as wit. Herbert Jenney was a bore.
Now, the Jenneys, and Drusilla in particular, would have greatly preferred to send the right honorable brother-in-law on his less than merry way, but could not. Martin Jenney had been disowned for marrying an actress, and it was solely due to Herbert that the Jenneys of New England received any allowance at all.
So it was that Drusilla Jenney, through gritted teeth, welcomed her unexpected guest with expert composure. Thankfully, the old house had been thoroughly cleaned. Bess, as well as the girls, had the rough, dry hands to prove it. Mrs. Jenney was proud of her gleaming windows and polished furniture.  She was also grateful that Snub had been placed far enough out of range so as not to mimic the MP in public, for - as comical as that might have been - the repercussions would have been disastrous.
The arrival of family meant that Martin Jenney was far too preoccupied to notice much of his wife's final preparations for Mr. Hewes' party. Therefore, he was not the least bit suspicious that the entrance to the morning room had been temporarily barred, nor was he made aware that a miniature swan pond was being assembled within. 
Mrs. Jenney had gotten it into to her head that a live bird was better than the Ellsworths' dead one any day. Fortunately, a prolonged warm season kept the sleek white swans hovering about the river banks. Little Eliza had always fed these elegant creatures, so they were far more friendly than fierce. Capturing a few proved easy. Eliza dropped breadcrumbs, luring them all the way to the cow barn.
Stableman John had been commissioned to build a table top pond. Louisa Jane, with her inherent ability to put together anything strange and fantastic, assisted. Utilizing troughs, sod, and garden urns, the task was finally completed to Mrs. Jenney's satisfaction. The morning room remained prohibited, with the simple explanation that several side tables were being set for the buffet. Being that Mr. Herbert Jenney preferred to take his breakfast on the porch, the need for such a room happily did not exist.
Weighing all the pros and cons of the previous affairs Mr. Hewes had been invited to, Drusilla Jenney decided against entertaining Mr. Hewes in the English style, and opted for French. This decision put their cook, Mrs. Goodwin, in a complete dither.
Mrs. Goodwin was an Irish woman with basic cooking skills. Turning out hearty, simple meals with the help of her daughter Bess had always suited the Jenney family, but now the Missus had dared come to the kitchen with a request to make les ailes de poulardes  la marchale. Poor Mrs. Goodwin could not properly pronounce it, much less create it. Feeling overwhelmed and entirely put upon, Mrs. Goodwin wailed like a banshee for nearly two hours.
Mrs. Jenney, tired of the tears, and desperate for a solution, suddenly remembered that Miss Vivian Hartwell, the postmaster's daughter, had traveled to France, and was well versed in the language and customs of that country. Miss Hartwell was promptly invited for tea.
Vivian Hartwell was a seemingly reserved and sensible young woman. She was admired and revered by many - yet pitied by a few - for at the age of four and twenty, it was presumed she would never marry. Miss Hartwell seemed content enough giving French lessons to anyone who could afford mere pennies a week.
Miss Hartwell arrived on a windswept afternoon in a wicker pony cart. Already acquainted with Selena and Charlotte, conversation over the tea cups commenced easily enough. Mrs. Jenney did not waste time getting to the subject of the matter, however, and asked Miss Hartwell if she was familiar with French social suppers. 
"If by that you mean an hors d'oeuvres party, why yes I am," declared the young woman, to which Mrs. Jenney, and particularly Mrs. Goodwin, gave an audible sigh of relief. 
"Then do explain, Miss Hartwell, for we are hopeful to host one this coming Saturday," smiled Mrs. Jenney.
"In France, between the fixed dish and the entres, it is customary to offer hors d'oeuvres, sometimes known as by-dishes - whereas in England, this is a rarity, due to most household staffs not keeping a confiseur."
"What in the name of  all the saints is a confi...confi?" struggled Mrs. Goodwin.
"A confiseur is a confectioner, or a maker of sweets, particularly chocolates," described Miss Hartwell. "A confiseur possesses the talent of making small servings appear exceptionally attractive."
"Our party is for the new journalist, Mr. Hewes, and his delightful sister. Have you made their acquaintance as yet, Miss Hartwell?"
"No, I have not had that pleasure. I was not at the fair, however, I did hear that he is exceedingly handsome and charming. Of course, it could be his reported fortune that makes his looks so fine."
"Quite true," said Mrs. Goodwin in an authoritative tone. "A wealthy man is very smart."
"It is our design to do away with the customary three-hour formal seated affair, and offer an evening of music and dancing enhanced by light, but elegant, side dishes. What might we serve?" asked Mrs. Jenney.
"In the proper French style, you would display salads of anchovies, lemons, bitter oranges, and radishes, accompanied by figs, cheeses with biscuits, and a variety of sausages. Watercress and celery in glass served with oil would be nice, as well as an assortment of canapes, with a plat de rsistance of pigeons au gratin."
"Ooh, I'm deathly afraid of pigeons regardless of how they're pronounced," breathed Mrs. Goodwin.
"Don't worry, Mrs. Goodwin. We will attempt the pigeon dish while you attend to the other menu items," said Mrs. Jenney with a confirming glance towards her daughters. "What else should we include?"
Their guest went on to describe several delectable dishes she had sampled while traveling throughout France. Mrs. Jenney was delighted, even if her own cook seemed terrified. Seeing this, Miss Hartwell made the grand gesture of assisting in the kitchen. This was met with a joyous round of applause.
"Even though some of these plates are set on tables for your guests to help themselves, you will need an able staff of footmen to attend and serve wines. How many males do you have in service, Mrs. Jenney?"
"Only John," Mrs. Jenney sighed. "And while he is wonderful at clearing a field, I doubt John can calmly balance a tray of glasses."
"It might be prudent to hire a few young men in for the evening," suggested Miss Hartwell. "It will give the overall look of elegance you are desirous of achieving, and afford you the ease of playing hostess."
"I know of someone," affirmed Mrs. Jenney, nodding her head.
"As do I," added Charlotte.
The tea ended with plans to meet Saturday morning, and set out a supper party worthy of a king. The women went to the porch, bracing their skirts against the blustery breezes and waving their lace handkerchiefs as Miss Hartwell departed in her dainty wicker chaise.

Saturday arrived, wild with rain. 
Despite the dismal downpour, Mrs. Jenney firmly ordered her husband out of the house with his brother to visit an Englishman settled in nearby Newmont. Having these two away was a wise move. Herbert Jenney was getting on everyone's nerves with his constant padding about and sharing the same six long, dull stories with anyone he could corner, and her own husband had become incredibly cross entertaining his own sibling. Even the house itself seemed to utter a sigh of relief as they prepared to leave - and old Snub summed it up best by squawking "Good riddance!" as the door closed soundly behind them.
Miss Hartwell made her appearance at the designated time, armed with a French cookbook. The women donned their aprons and rolled up their sleeves, as Miss Vivian turned to the proper page.
"First, we have to pick dry the pigeons," she translated aloud.
"I'm afraid you must do that," warned Mrs. Goodwin. "I can't get myself near the things."
"Why is that, Mrs. Goodwin?" inquired Vivian, kindly.
Bess endeavored to explain. "When my mother was a mite, she was bitten on the nose by a malicious pigeon."
"I have nightmares about it 'til this very day," confessed the cook.
"How, pray tell, did your nose venture that close to a pigeon?" asked Mrs. Jenney.
"It was on me mum's windowsill. I was leaning there, enjoying the sunshine, when this scrappy,  gray feathered demon jumped out and attacked me."
"Then perhaps it is time you bit back," smiled Miss Hartwell, as she and Mrs. Jenney began preparing the birds. "Once this is done, we must blanch them over a charcoal fire. Is that set, Bess?"
Bess nodded, her eyes wide. She had never seen French food in the making. Curiosity got the better of her, and she peeked inside the cookbook.
"Fendre le dos des oiseaux," Bess pronounced badly. "Whatever does that mean?"
"Split open the backs of the birds," Miss Hartwell translated, while Bess and her mother shrieked, clutched each other, and shuddered violently. "They are referencing dead ones, Mrs. Goodwin," added the young woman for good measure.
"Now that's a blessed relief," sighed the cook.
The ladies went on to mince the livers and wrap the pigeons in moistened napkins for cooking. Once the tender birds were safely on the stove, Miss Hartwell supervised the creation of the other dishes, while Mrs. Jenney lined up the wines.
A bit past one, the bell over the kitchen door jingled loudly, and Mrs. Goodwin opened it to reveal Miss Mary Sparling in a hooded cloak, all smiles, with a large basket at her feet.
"Miss Mary," exclaimed Mrs. Jenney, "you are quite early for the party."
"I am here to assist," Mary beamed, indicating the hamper. "I've made cakes and pies and tarts - and my famous Ginger Jumble cookies."
"You didn't lug this thing here all by yourself in the pouring rain, did you?" gasped Mrs. Goodwin in amazement, as she helped Mary bring in the treats.
"No, Mrs. Goodwin, for certain I did not. My father drove me here in a coach. The weather, I'm afraid, is fierce," Mary replied, removing her wet cloak.
"It doesn't bother me a bit," professed Mrs. Jenney. "A dreary day means that everyone has been inside long enough to desire to go out."
"Do you still wish me to play footman for this evening's festivities? Charlotte had asked me to, but if you feel you don't need me -"
"That would be lovely, Mary - although I want you to be able to enjoy the party as well. Perhaps once the guests are sufficiently served, you could change your clothes and join in the fun. We're planning dances and games."
Mary's gray-blue eyes lit up and she clapped her hands with glee. She adored Mrs. Jenney's theatrical parlor games.
"Thank you, Mrs. Jenney, I would be honored!" she proclaimed, and seeing that there was still a great deal of preparation left to do, Mary offered to help. This kind proposal was met with much gratitude.
"Where are Selena and Charlotte?" inquired Mary while donning a starch white apron.
"All four girls are working on a special presentation for Mr. Hewes and his sister," said Mrs. Jenney. "It's been a secret project of theirs this entire week past, yet all I've gathered from this enterprise is a great deal of giggling."
"It will be a fine presentation," nodded Mary, assembling some autumn figs on a pretty platter.
"Only time will tell," sighed Mrs. Jenney, brushing back her wild hair, and attempting to sort her wines once again. "Only time will tell."



CHAPTER TWELVE
The Jenneys party
or-
When a bird eating out of your hand is worth two swimming on your table


The Daniels, the Kenersons and the Farleys were first to arrive, for as they were laboring families, they were unfamiliar with the fashion of being fifteen minutes late. The Farleys compounded their naivety by knocking at the kitchen door. Nonetheless, they were all greeted heartily and brought before the fire where they could recover from the ill effects of the weather. Tavern-keeper Ezra Larabee and his wife Judith were next, bearing the necessary ingredients for their famous Rattle Skull Punch, which Mr. Larabee artistically assembled on a side table in the drawing room.
"Now, you must promise to have a wee glass with me later," Ezra whispered to Mrs. Jenney. Ezra Larabee was rather fond of Mrs. J, as he often called her. This light infatuation did not trouble Mrs. Larabee in the least. Ezra Larabee was a jovial man who adored the ladies, but truly loved his wife.
Nicholas Quimby and his daughters were next upon the doorstep. The four Quimby girls were elated to be out socially, and were chattering away with astounding vigor, especially when Mr. Larabee praised each and every one for their manner of dress and deportment. Constance and Catherine scanned the rooms simultaneously, wondering aloud if Mr. Hewes had already made his appearance.
"Mr. Hewes!" exclaimed the tavern-keeper. "Why would any gathering require a temptingly handsome young man when, lo and behold, I am here?"
The Quimby girls giggled and dashed off in various directions, leaving their father Nicholas to remain and complain about the weather to anyone who would listen.
Mr. and Mrs. Sparling arrived, along with Reuben and Zona Tuttle. The Tuttles were goat farmers, although glum-faced Zona held her own reputation as the unrivaled village gossip. She was not inside the door two minutes before having some sinister news to divulge about Daniel Farley's son, Hugh. Nicholas Quimby hung on to her every word with fretful sighs and anxious parental woes.
Another call at the door, and the Crenshaws appeared. Despite the ongoing deluge, Nora Crenshaw was sporting a festive fall display atop her head. Lorena Crenshaw was led away by Louisa Jane to a smaller sitting room where the younger folk had congregated - a gesture that was deeply appreciated by Miss Crenshaw. Meanwhile, Mr. Larabee, who was already on his second test glass of Rattle Skull Punch, lavished Nora Crenshaw with compliments until she blushed brighter than the liquid in his glass.
Meanwhile, in the kitchen, Mary Sparling had donned her footman attire, and was about to carry out a tray, when the bell rang over the kitchen door. As Mrs. Goodwin, Bess, and Miss Hartwell were busily occupied with dressing the various hors d'oeuvre plates, Mary offered to answer the call.
"I hope this isn't another guest at the wrong door," she was saying, as she pulled the door fully wide and saw standing before her in the pouring rain, none other than Garrett Billings.
"Hello, I'm here to - Mary Sparling, is that you?"
"Oh, no! - I mean, yes. Yes, it's me, Mary."
"How funny you look," was his unflattering reply.
"I - um - promised the Jenneys I'd - um - help with their party."
"That's why I'm here. I'm to play footman alongside you, I take it."
"I see," said Mary, feeling twisted and weak inside, especially at the notion that Charlotte very likely arranged this ill-fated encounter.
"What's that you're holding?" asked Garrett, pulling up the collar of his coat against the steady, cold stream of water tumbling off the kitchen roof.
"Asparagus forced in french rolls," Mary answered, lowering her eyes. "I - I should bring them out now."
"And this poor soul should be brought in," fussed Mrs. Goodwin, ushering Garrett towards the radiant warmth of the kitchen fire. "Saints alive, girl - don't keep him at the doorway. It's raining cats and dogs out there."
Mrs. Goodwin bustled about young master Billings, removing his drenched coat and shaking the raindrops away, while hollering to Bess to get him a strong cup of tea. Although Garrett was not attired to the fine degree Mary was, he was still breathtaking to her eyes in his dark blue frock coat, knee breeches, and stockings.
"Am I dressed proper?" he asked her with a curious expression.
"Fairly much," Mary managed.
"By the way you were staring at me, one would think I had crows perched on my head."
"I'd better bring this out," mumbled Mary, backing towards the door.
"Maybe you should tell me what is on all these plates," suggested Garrett. "I'll be at a loss to explain when someone out there questions what this mishmash is."
"It isn't mishmash, young man," corrected Miss Hartwell. "Now, get yourself settled quickly, and I'll tell you all you need to know. As for those french rolls, Mary, I believe it is time to start serving. I hear a great many guests beyond these walls."
Mary moved swiftly through the kitchen door and into the main part of the house, cursing her calamitous luck at being dressed as a boy twice now in the presence of Garrett Billings, and wondering again why Charlotte Jenney would take pleasure in such abject humiliation.
The guests of honor were soon to arrive, and nearly all the invitees in place - nearly all, that was, except noticeably the Billings and the Ellsworths. Mrs. Jenney was about to remark upon this to Mr. Jenney, when Owen Billings appeared at the front door.
He was dressed well, neither beneath his station nor above that of his hosts, and in his hand was a bouquet of hothouse flowers for Mrs. Jenney.
"How lovely!" she exclaimed.
"As are you, and the measure of your hospitality, dear lady. Please do forgive the fact that my wife and daughters are unable to attend. The girls have a touch of ague, so I am informed."
"I pray it is not serious, sir," offered Mrs. Jenney.
"Indeed, I am quite sure it was never the least bit serious to begin with," declared Mr. Billings, and seeing Mr. Larabee, he called out, "Ezra, you old devil! I was hoping you'd be here."
"Along with my Rattle Skull Punch no less," answered his friend. "Come join me in a glass."
"With pleasure," returned Mr. Billings, and with a congenial bow to the Jenneys, he was off to the drawing room.
"Well, Mr. Jenney," breathed his wife, "I never knew our neighbor to be so - lighthearted."
"His heart must be exceedingly lighter without his wife leading it about on a short and very sharp chain," her husband replied, just as several comments swelled up from those near the windows that Mr. Hewes had arrived. Mrs. Jenney motioned Mary to her side.
"Mary, dear," she said quietly, "please have our girls come here at once. Following that, well, you know the plan."
"Yes, ma'am," answered Mary, who promptly dashed off to find the Jenney girls, and hopefully avoid Garrett's entrance in the process.
The girls had not gone far, in truth Selena had not ventured much past the foyer. The Jenney family assembled and turned to face the door where their honored guests would momentarily appear. It was noticed that several females also gathered nearby, but that was of no consequence to the Jenney ladies, who understood first-hand the prominence of commanding center stage.
The Sanborn Sisters entered, all smiles, with Tilda wearing an enormous brown silk turban upon her head. 
"Do you like my new hat?" she asked the ladies, who nodded heartily in return.
"Don't encourage her," interjected Tess with a crooked grin. "I told her she'd only be sweeping the ceilings with the silly thing. Ah, here are our niece and nephew. Cora, Alonzo, come meet all our delightful townsfolk."
Mr. Hewes and his sister entered the foyer, and everyone bowed or curtsied to the lovely pair. Although they had met informally at the fair, Tess Sanborn introduced the Jenneys 'correct and proper' as she phrased it, and the warmest of greetings were shared all around.
While one and all watched on, Alonzo Hewes presented Mr. and Mrs. Jenney with a bottle of wine from their father's cellar. Miss Cora gave Charlotte a trail of ribbon, which she felt flattered the young lady's coloring, and to little Eliza, a miniature she had painted herself of their family cat.
"We heard from your father how much you love the animals on your farm," explained Mr. Hewes. "We were told you even name them."
Eliza blushed happily and accepted her gift upon the promise that Miss Cora would not be lonesome without the reminder of her favorite pet.
"And now for Miss Louisa Jane," began Mr. Hewes with a sly grin, "an engraved pen holder, and some steel nibs for writing. The pen holder I found to be most lucky when I wrote my last book."
"I don't know what to say, Mr. Hewes," proclaimed Louisa Jane, quite pleased.
"You needn't say a word, Miss Louisa Jane, just enjoy putting the best of them to paper. Now, for Miss Selena, who wishes to improve her already intriguing mind with more reading - a copy of my novel."
Selena could sense the envy simmering about the room as she graciously accepted the leather-bound book. Opening to the title page, she found written - For Miss Selena, a story that is best read under a lamp. Your humble servant, A Hewes 13th November, 1824.
"Mr. Hewes, we thank you for your thoughtful gifts, and welcome you to our home," said Mr. Jenney.
"And now, let the festivities begin," announced Mrs. Jenney, waving her arm towards the morning room, where Garrett opened one door as Mary pulled the other, to reveal two blissfully peaceful swans in their pond, complete with a trio of musicians who began to play the Celtic tune, By Kells Waters. The overall effect was, as Mrs. Jenney hoped, astounding. 
The atmosphere was bright and cheerful as the novelist and his sister, with Mr. Jenney as their host, moved from room to room meeting the many families of Liberty Fair. Garrett and Mary were kept quite busy circulating the many beautiful hors d'oeuvres, although Mary did take a moment to corner Charlotte regarding the appearance of young Mr. Billings.
"I did see that," sighed Charlotte, "and believe me, dear friend, I did not know he was to be here. Mother must have asked him, but I have scarce understanding why. She claims not to like him."
"I am so humiliated," confided Mary. "He called me funny-looking - and rightfully so. Just look at me."
"Many of our guests have commented that your presence and attire are charming, but it is you I am worried about. Do you wish to go home?" questioned Charlotte. "Merely say the word, Mary, and I will help you to leave quickly and quietly."
"Your play, silly," Mary responded. "I promised I would assist with your play, and I'm not backing out now."
"Are you sure, Mary?"
"Yes, truly - now go and get costumed, Charlotte. Your sisters are already upstairs, and you should be, too."
"You are beyond good," vowed Charlotte, dashing off.
"That seems to be my problem," uttered Mary to herself with a sad laugh, and she moved into the parlor where Mr. Hewes and his current circle were discussing the maritime climate of Wales. Mary gingerly approached them with her tray of eggs in croquettes, just as old Effie Randall was witnessed forcibly wriggling her way into the group. Mary stood by patiently and pretended not to listen.
"Ezra Larabee, I've been searching all over for you," Miss Randall scolded, attempting to raise her wavering little voice over the ever persistent music.
"My dear Miss Randall," smiled the tavern-keeper, "allow me to introduce you. You know Mr. Owen Billings and Mr. Frank Niles, of course - and this is Miss Cora Hewes and young master Alonzo Hewes, niece and nephew to the Sanborns. Mr. Hewes is a writer, and will be creating our pageant script for the general's wel-"
"I know all that," insisted the tiny woman, with a wave of her hand. "I'm here to bring you an effect for your play."
Miss Randall held up a somewhat tired and twisted knapsack.
"This belongs to my sister's grandson. He carried it into Baltimore."
"Miss Randall," began Ezra delicately. "That is a knapsack from the second American War for Independence."
"Yes," she drawled matter-of-factually, "and you may use it."
"My dear Miss Randall, while your artifact is a touching memorial to one of our finest hours, our story concerns the first American War for Independence."
"Ooh," Miss Randall replied, clutching the knapsack to her chest and absentmindedly wobbling away.
"What a dear, sweet lady," offered Miss Cora.
Ezra Larabee sighed. "Miss Cora," said he, "I'm afraid Miss Randall is dafter than a duck with a barrel load of birdshot wedged in its brain."
Mary laughed.
Meanwhile, another call at the door brought the Abbotts in as late arrivals. Doctor and Mrs. Abbott were apologetic, while Isabel glanced about with an apparent air of disdain. This mattered not, for the true focus was paid to her sister Elaine, who promised she would sing for everyone after the chilling effects of the rain had left her. Little Natalie and Patrick Henry dashed off quickly to where the younger children were, wondering what kind of food they might have, as the offerings on the trays that passed them appeared, in Patrick Henry's words, "mighty strange."
Once it seemed food and drink had been sufficiently passed about, Mrs. Jenney asked her typically skeptical husband how he felt the evening was faring.
"Swimmingly," was his reply. "Doctor Abbott and Attorney Pomroy are in their usual tte  tte, comparing profits from last week's sundry illnesses and injustices. Hugh Farley seems to be doing his part as Mr. Hewes' self-appointed second, by making several of our female guests sigh and swoon. Nora Crenshaw has not-so-secretly been into the punch - however, she has adopted addled Effie Randall, which is a blessing - while Nora's husband is enjoying conversation with men who do not wear fluffy ruffle hats. Miss Isabel Abbott's nose has reached new heights in loftiness, and her little monster of a brother has yet to decapitate the Niles boy with that silly wooden sword he sneaked into the party. Owen Billings, in my humble opinion, has never looked happier, and Ezra Larabee seems to be constantly looking at you, my pet. I will make note to borrow Patrick Henry's sword in the event I am challenged to a duel. Speaking of duels, Miss Savannah Pomroy seems to have lost her glowing place in Mr. Hewes' fine eyes, which should appease our lovesick Selena to no end. Last, but certainly not least, my beloved brother seems to have found his triumvirate in the company of Nicholas Quimby and Gideon Merrill, for never have I seen three giddier biddies. Note that the ever-irascible Zona Tuttle is hovering over them like a hawk, garnering what tidbits she can for her next gossip hour. What could be better?"
"Where are our girls?" questioned Mrs. Jenney, glancing about.
"I gather they are upstairs, preparing for their upcoming tableau - or whatever it is they've dreamt up. They would not give the tiniest hint of a detail to me."
"Mrs. Jenney, ma'am," Mary interrupted somberly, "you have another guest at the door."
They turned to see Miss Meg Ellsworth standing in the foyer, impeccably coiffed, and dressed as if for a ball.
"Mrs. Jenney, Mr. Jenney," began Meg with an elegant curtsey. "Do forgive my tardiness, as well as the apparent absence of my family. My sisters, it seems, have experienced an unfortunate attack of ague."
"How very curious," remarked Mrs. Jenney.
"I hadn't planned on attending, in case I proved contagious - however, my dear mother insisted, so I walked over dressed as I was. I hope I am fit for your company."
"Of course, dear," answered Mrs. Jenney, somewhat through her teeth.
"My, what a lively crowd you have here," Meg smiled in a distracted manner. "Ah! There is Miss Isabel Abbott. With your leave, I shall go see her."
"Of course, dear," Mrs. Jenney repeated, now most definitely through her teeth, for Miss Isabel was, as one would easily guess, securely in the company of Mr. Hewes.
"Perhaps I should check our front door for blood stains, my dear," proposed Mr. Jenney after Miss Ellsworth moved away, "for it seems certain that the dreaded angel of ague has passed us by."
Mrs. Jenney normally would have enjoyed such a jest, but the vision of Mr. Hewes' face brightening at the sight of Meg Ellsworth keenly weakened her zeal.
"Would you care for some lobster pt?" Mrs. Jenney heard a voice say, and turning, she saw Garrett Billings.
"Garrett Billings, how splendid you look," she vowed, for indeed this was not the young man she had imagined despise for. "And I do appreciate your helping us with the party this evening."
"It is I who appreciate being here, Mrs. Jenney. It has been enlightening to attempt something  altogether different," he said, indicating his manner of dress, and the tray he held, "and while I may not elect to become a footman for life, I am experiencing a rewarding time at present."
"Garrett, when you see Mary, please have her ask my girls to return downstairs. We have a new guest they should attend to at once."
"Ah, yes, Miss Ellsworth," Garrett replied, and in his tone and expression, Mrs. Jenney could easily detect a distinct lack of interest. "As for alerting your daughters, I am happy to report there is no need. We've been setting up the stage for their presentation in the drawing room, and all but Miss Selena are there. We expect her shortly."
Within moments, Charlotte entered the room, adorned in a large red cloak. With a beaming smile, she begged the indulgence of everyone's attention.
"If you would be so kind as to come to the drawing room, we have a special surprise for all our honored guests."
With a great deal of animated chatter, the company moved towards the drawing room where chairs had been set in arched rows for the ladies. Mrs. Jenney was pleased to see that Miss Hartwell was present alongside Mrs. Goodwin and Bess. She was not happy, however, to see Meg Ellsworth proudly occupying a front row seat next to Mr. Hewes.
Before the assembled crowd was a simple table set with candles. Alongside this was placed a large wooden carved chair, upon which little Eliza, with a paper crown upon her head, and a long white beard loosely attached to her chin, was seen in the semblance of sound sleep. When all were seated, the hired musicians stood, preparing to play.
Seconds later, from behind an ornate dressing screen, Louisa Jane appeared wearing breeches and a tunic with the emblem of a red dragon hastily tacked upon it. Atop her head, a tufted pillow precariously posed as a gentleman's hat.
"Welcome neighbors, families, and friends," began Louisa Jane brightly. "I would like to open this evening's presentation with particular notice to Miss Vivian Hartwell, who designed the menu for the  wonderful food you enjoyed here this evening, as well as to Mrs. Goodwin, Bess Goodwin, and Miss Mary Sparling for their assistance in preparing this very pleasing repast."
An enthusiast cheer rose about the room for this talented team of ladies.
When the applause died down, Louisa Jane's expression changed from that of appreciative and cheerful to theatrically serious, and as she spoke, the flutist lightly underscored her lively narrative.
"And now, attend everyone - the sad and haunting tale of The Warrior Knight of the Blood Red Plume."
With this, Charlotte entered from the hall, dressed as best could be described as a knight, with various bits of pewter wear fashioned about her for armor. Clipped to her abundant upturned hair was a large red feather.
"The warrior knight ventured to Rhuddlan Castle on the banks of the River Clwyd ," continued Louisa Jane, as Charlotte pretended to ride a horse. "Rhuddlan Castle is one of ten fortresses in Wales commissioned by King Edward the first, to form his famous iron ring of defense. It was built in the concentric, or diamond-shaped design, and a three-mile canal had to be cut in order that this imposing castle could be supplied by ship. This astounding work took over three years -" 
Charlotte motioned her hand towards Louisa Jane as if to say get on with it.
"Um - enter the king's daughter, Erilda!" announced Louisa Jane, and Selena arose from behind the draped table and proceeded center stage, dazzling everyone with the splendor of her medieval-styled gown.
"Ooh, I made that dress!" exclaimed Tilda Sanborn, causing her sister Tess to silence her with a loud and fervent "Shh!"
Louisa Jane began her narrative once more, as the musicians took up the ballad, The Maid from Penderyn.
 "Erilda was as lovely as the morn, and meekness and charity shone in her luminous eyes. She was as bright as she was beautiful, with a heart enriched with every virtue."
Selena was having a prodigious amount of fun parading about as a royal princess, until she saw Meg Ellsworth seated next to her novelist. Seeing Selena falter for a brief moment, Charlotte swiftly leaned and whispered in her ear, "Courage, sister!" and Selena forged on.
"One afternoon, Erilda was out walking in the forest," Louisa Jane related, as Selena mimicked the actions. "So happy was she in her constitution, that Erilda was unaware that the shade of night approached, and misty fog obscured the vast expanse of sky."
On each side of the action, Garrett and Mary blew out a candelabra, creating the proper lighting effect, as well as emitting an eerie trail of smoke that cascaded slowly across the scene.
Louisa Jane continued.
"Sensing she was lost, she turned, and there before her in the mist appeared a warrior knight in sable armor clad, with a blood red plume upon his brow. There was something about his appearance and gait that struck Erilda with awe."
"I am struck with awe," echoed Selena, causing a ripple of amused laughter to flow through the room.
"The stranger sighed," said Louisa Jane, as Charlotte did so, "and when his eyes met hers, they were filled with admiration."
"Sir Knight," proclaimed Selena as Erilda, "Castle Rhuddlan's walls are ready to receive you."
"I am subject to your commands," replied Charlotte, deepening her voice, "and my life will be devoted to your service."
Many of the women in attendance sighed dreamily.
"They approached the castle," narrator Louisa Jane continued. "The rays of a pale moon reflected the castle towers in the shimmering waters of the River Clwyd. Numerous torches had been lit to search for Erilda, and they now illuminated her path home into the arms of her loving father."
Louisa Jane paused.
"Into the arms of her loving father," she repeated in a louder voice, causing little Eliza to spring from her chair with abounding confusion.
"I thought I was to continue sleeping," Eliza whispered loudly to Louisa Jane, as she stumbled forward and embraced Selena clumsily.
"Tell me, Sir Knight, to whom I am indebted for the return of my daughter Erilda to my aged arms," Eliza chanted, somewhat mechanically.
"Hospitable chieftain, my name is Wertwrold, Warrior Knight of the Blood Red Plume, and having restored your daughter to you, must now away before the stars fade upon the horizon," answered Charlotte, nobly.
"But Sir Rhyswick convinced the young warrior to stay, and Erilda, who had never known until now what love truly was, fell deeply under his spell."
Selena swooned so prettily that even the stony Mrs. Tuttle was completely taken in.
Charlotte resumed the narration.
"But Erilda was betrothed to another. Sir Rhyswick had chosen Prince Morven, the heir of Wales, for his daughter's future lord," Charlotte explained, indicating Louisa Jane. "Erilda knew there was no contesting his decision, for a marriage between the two would unite the nation and bring a new found peace to Wales."
"Oh, Warrior Knight," cried Selena, rushing to Charlotte's side, "I am yours and yours alone!"
Constance and Catherine Quimby murmured "Ooh!" in marvelous precision.
"Do not my ears deceive me?" responded Charlotte dramatically in her knight voice. "Does Erilda really love me? Is she ready to renounce the world for me?"
Selena, forgetting her next line, merely nodded - which brought a burst of laughter from the guests. Charlotte gave her sister a heated stare and went on.
"Erilda, you must, with heroic fortitude, overcome every obstacle to our union, and renounce all to become mine. Take this ring, Erilda, for it is a charmed one, and when breathed upon, brings me to your presence. Use it as you need me, and I will be at your side, in obedience to your command."
"Don't touch that ring!" cried Tilda, which prompted a swift elbow in her side from Tess.
Eliza stepped up and did her best to speak through her bothersome prop beard.
"Prince Morven arrived at Rhuddlan Castle, as expected."
"Hail, Princess Erilda," said Louisa Jane as Morven.
Selena as Erilda mumbled something, and gave a slight wave back.
Louisa Jane resumed the narration.
"Erilda pleaded with her father to change his mind."
"Oh, as you love my peace of mind, dearest father, please send back the prince," begged Selena to Eliza who was wrestling with a face full of fluff.
"How does my daughter reject the heir to the throne of Wales?" managed Eliza over her task.
Selena stepped conspicuously forward, and standing before Mr. Hewes, delivered the line, "It would be criminal to bestow my hand, when another possesses my heart."
This declaration evoked great sympathy from the females in the audience, and Selena majestically held her stance, quite pleased with her accomplishments.
"If you value my affection, you will do as I say. Marry not the prince, and your father's love is lost to you," recited Eliza, to which a few friendly hisses were given from the onlookers.
"Sent to her chambers, Princess Erilda was in an agony of distraction, until she noticed the ruby ring upon her finger," exclaimed Louisa Jane with keen intensity, as the atmospheric music matched her mood. "Raising the ring to her lips, she kissed the stone, and the warmth of her breath brought the Warrior Knight standing before her eyes."
Constance and Catherine Quimby gasped in perfect unison.
"What just happened?" quavered Effie Randall.
"From the chasms of the forgotten deep, I am here, Erilda, by your command," said Charlotte. 
"Oh, Warrior Knight, I am yours forever," sighed Selena.
"Is Erilda ready to flee, regardless of her father's tears?"
"Oh, yes - yes!"
"Then take this dagger, and use it in self-defense alone."
"Suddenly, the night air was filled with torch light," informed Louisa Jane, and the effect was heightened by Garrett and Mary relighting and holding up their glistening candelabras.
"This way, this way!" proclaimed Charlotte, leading her prancing sister across the room. 
"They hurried through a small outlet that led to the river. Still, Erilda held the dagger, and the pale moon beams silvering the path revealed the shadow of a person in pursuit, wrapped in a long cloak," described Louisa Jane.
"We are betrayed!" cried Charlotte as the knight. "Our pursuer must die!"
Eliza, shrouded in a tablecloth, tiptoed up behind her sisters, as Louisa Jane continued the narrative.
"The pursuer placed his hand upon Erilda's shoulder. In her panic and confusion, Erilda turned and plunged her dagger into the very heart of her assailant!"
"Cruel Erilda!" cried little Eliza, as she staggered and dropped awkwardly to the ground with a long red ribbon cascading from her hand to symbolize blood. Everyone in the audience gasped, and the musicians broke into Pryderi's Lament.
"Oh, God," emoted Selena to the music, "what have I done? My father! - murdered by my own hand! My much loved father, your daughter - your own daughter, is your murderer!"
With this, Selena collapsed to the ground near Eliza who was struggling in vain not to giggle.
"Quickly, Erilda, we must flee, for Prince Morven is near at hand," exclaimed Charlotte.
"Yes, Warrior Knight - oh hide me, hide me, please!"
Charlotte moved center stage, a sinister look overtaking her face.
"Why this indeed is a triumph, for Erilda is now mine. She has fled her paternal roof for me - an unknown. She has rejected Morven, heir to the crown of Wales, who came to her with a heart full of love. She has renounced virtue and embraced infamy and scandal with her own father's blood upon her hands - all this for me, an unknown! To me, this guilt is gilded with pleasure!"
"Who are you, really?" asked Selena, trembling as only a lovely heroine in desperate circumstances should.
"I am an agent of the infernal, my dear - a demon - and I dwell beneath the depths of the River Clwyd. I exist to aggravate crimes and instigate cruel battles. I urge princes to raise their swords against one another, plunging nations into everlasting war!"
"Monster!" cried Selena. "You were all deception!"
"You thought me what your heart hoped I was - nay, do not fall to your knees, princess, for prayer is of no use to you now!"
Louisa Jane glanced at Garrett and Mary, who proceeded to crash tin containers together and imitate a rush of wind and waves with their voices.
"While thunder shook the skies, and roaring waves rolled up from the sandy deep, this monster resumed his original shape, with sharp green scales, and eyes sulfur red. In the creature's right hand was a trident, which he thrust into the maiden's heart -"
Just as Charlotte pretended to stab the swooning Selena, a commotion of a different kind abruptly took over. Plates and glasses crashed to the floor in the nearby room, and all paused to witness one of the swans dashing through the doorway and appearing very disconcerted, until it saw the dinner plate in Herbert Jenney's hand. With gusto, the large white bird attacked the MP's french roll, and everyone, including the MP himself, roared with laughter.
"What just happened?" Effie Randall asked again, vastly confused. 
"Such is the tale of Rhuddlan's ruined towers," Louisa Jane concluded, once the swan had been snared, the din died down, and Selena, now successfully - and quite dramatically - slumped to the floor. "Pilgrim, go thy way, stop not within its blasted halls, for foul fiends ride upon the misty air, and the demons of the angry River Clwyd claim this castle as their own."
Mr. Hewes and his family led an enthusiastic standing ovation.
Following the play, the Jenneys offered dancing and parlor games, such as Charades and Forfeits. Even nervous Nicholas Quimby was found to thoroughly enjoy a brisk round of Throwing the Smile.
It was well past one in the morning when the guests began to take their leave. Mr. Hewes was effusive in his gratitude for such a splendid evening, and his sister and aunts added their kind sentiments to the praise. Mr. Hewes additionally hailed Garrett and Mary for their marvelous stage effects, at which Mary glowed like a pretty diamond.
Once they left, it was easily noticed that only Miss Ellsworth remained in the hall.
"I had hoped Mr. Hewes would offer to escort me home," she murmured with marked disappointment.
"I'd be pleased to see you back," replied Garrett, which caused poor Mary to lose her gleam of happiness, and she quickly slipped away towards the kitchen to cover her tears.
"Garrett," smiled Mrs. Jenney, "again, my sincere appreciation for your assistance this evening."
"It was rather fun," he said, and looking around, he shrugged. "Good night."
The Jenneys waited until Garrett and Meg were well down the walkway before heading to the kitchen to help Mrs. Goodwin and Bess tidy up the clutter. Charlotte and Selena, however, held back momentarily in the hall.
"Do you believe Mr. Hewes would especially care to walk Meg home after an evening such as this?" Charlotte asked pointedly.
"What I do believe, dear sister, is that the score is even, and the war is on," vowed Selena.
"Then be careful what you do with that dagger," advised Charlotte, indicating the stage prop Selena still held at her side. The sisters laughed, hugged one another, and went off to the kitchen with great cheer, despite the lateness of that most happy hour.




AN INTERLUDE
Wednesday, the 17th of November, 1824
as posted in the Liberty Fair Gazette

Reflections through the Ruby Glass
with Lady Rhodri

The grandest time was enjoyed by all this Saturday past, when novelist Alonzo Hewes and his esteemed sister, Miss Cora Hewes, were honored at a reception at the residence of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Jenney in your fair village of Liberty Fair.
Despite ill weather, all neighbors good and true were in attendance. The Jenney home was set for the comfort of her many guests, and decorated in the style of a cygne tang. The repast, being French by design, was superb, and the unique entertainments provided, astounding; the prominent piece of which was a touching tribute to the homeland of Mr. Hewes and his charming sister.
Being of foreign extraction myself, I was pleased to be able to indulge in the language of diplomacy with a certain Miss Hartwell, who fascinated me with her vast knowledge of that land of libert & egalit. I was also impressed to witness a member of parliament numbered amongst the distinguished guests. Wondering if it were commonplace to have so many worthy personages under one roof, I was advised by a direct neighbor that no, indeed - this was a rare gathering, and one of the finest this gentleman has witnessed in this jewel of a hamlet.
I'm presently off to see my twin, Lady Mawr, who is visiting with the V-n R--------rs of New York. Mr. V. R. is founding a school for scientific study in Troy - the first of its kind, so I am told. The world, like hearsay, my friends, is forever spinning.
When I am next your way, I shall share a glance with you through my ruby glass. Until then, may all your days be merry.
LADY RHODRI



CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Grace Billings takes up the gauntlet


Having entertained Mr. Hewes and his sister first, Mrs. Billings was gravely concerned that her lavish tea party was now considered paltry in comparison to more recent receptions - particularly 'the spectacle,' as she phrased it, staged by her abominable neighbor, Mrs. Jenney.
True, Mrs. Billings' daughters were not possible candidates for a marriage with Mr. Hewes, dear Emily being fifteen, but reticent, and Mary, although beautiful, only twelve - however, it was the pageant for General Lafayette that Mrs. Billings was thinking of, and she wanted her daughters to have leading roles in this illustrious event. 
Therefore, but a few mornings following the Jenney party, Mrs. Billings informed her husband that another gathering for Mr. Hewes was most definitely in order. Mr. Billings received this news with his typical equanimity. Twenty-three years in the company of his wife had taught Mr. Billings that any argument brought on at breakfast would be miserably lost by tea, so he merely sighed quietly, nodded, and put down his newspaper. Mrs. Billings could do as she wished, he said, before leaving the room. 
Little did Mr. Billings realize the capital he could have saved himself, had he only taken that newspaper with him. For when Mrs. Billings picked up the Liberty Fair Gazette and found within the social comment written by the mysterious Lady Rhodri, the scheme and cost of her new venture soared in unison with her escalating wrath.
So it was, on the seventh day of December, Mr. Hewes set off for Billings Farm in the company of his sister, aunts, and Uncle Eldon. They were greeted by a theme quite intricate and rich in design, for the home, and indeed the very family themselves, had been festooned in the style and fashion of a pre-revolutionary France. The candlelit rooms were astonishingly bright, reflecting boldly in the well-placed mirrors - all this literally, in Mrs. Billings' mind, to outshine any effects the Jenneys may have produced with their foul-smelling tallow tapers.
The guest list, they discovered, had been limited to the Ellsworths, the Larabees, Mr. Merrill, Mr. Niles, and Miss Vivian Hartwell, although it was promised that the Abbotts and the Pomroys were arriving at nine for dancing and a most elaborate desservir table. Meanwhile, an elegant society supper modeled after those Marie Antoinette held in her private Petit Trianon, was put before the early guests, and as was the royal custom, the men - minus Mr. Hewes, of course - were encouraged to dine upon Mr. Billings' billiard table in an adjoining room. This left Mr. Hewes attempting to digest his dinner amidst a gaggle of gushing females.
Following the ample buffet-style supper, all were called into the salon to witness a production Mrs. Billings put together with the assistance of her cousin. Unfolded was a reenactment of the Marquis de Lafayette convincing his King and Queen to address a Paris mob from their balcony in the fall of 1789. It was an ambitious project, to say the least, but one that impressed Mr. Hewes to the degree that he desired to speak with Mr. Larabee and Mr. Niles at once. As the play participants were changing their attire for the dancing to follow, the men gathered for a chat, first upon the porch, but moments later, upon impulse, they found themselves on their way to the neighboring Jenneys, with Mr. Billings as their guide.
The Jenney women were in their drawing room, reading, sewing and, in Eliza's particular case, dreaming, when Bess appeared with the announcement that Mr. Hewes and company were in the hall. Selena, who had been avidly devouring Mr. Hewes' book, bolted up like a shot and swirled in anxious circles, until Charlotte and Louisa Jane sprung to her side, steadying her nerves and assisting her with a hasty review of her hair and dress. Meanwhile, Mrs. Jenney nimbly cast off the frayed stockings she was mending into her sewing box, and sat within her worn armchair as calm and as regally as a queen.
Mr. Larabee entered first, all smiles for his lovely Mrs. J. The girls did their best to keep their eyes upon their tasks while their mother made a pretty little speech of welcome, however, it was tempting to peek up now and then to judge if Mr. Hewes was striving to glance at Selena. In Charlotte's steadfast opinion, he was.
"You may be wondering what brought us to your door," grinned Mr. Larabee.
"That question did come to mind," returned Mrs. Jenney. "After all, it isn't every evening so many agreeable gentleman cross the threshold of our quiet home."
Snub responded to this remark with a bobbing laugh.
"Snub, we have company," whispered Eliza, her face coloring.
"Good riddance!" declared the parrot, causing everyone to chuckle.
"What a fascinating bird," said Mr. Hewes, moving towards Snub, and thus closer to Selena, who was afraid her pounding heart might catapult out of her chest.
"With your indulgence, Mrs. Jenney," began Mr. Billings, "I have brought these gentlemen to your home, as they wished to discuss an idea for the general's pageant with you."
"We were all at Billings Farm," explained Mr. Larabee, "for what Mrs. Billings deemed a light supper."
"Light?" laughed Mr. Hewes. "Light enough to feed Napoleon's starving army on the frozen tundra."
Louisa Jane shot an apprehensive look towards Selena, fervently praying her eldest sister wouldn't casually relocate Russia. Thankfully, she did not.
"It was an astounding meal, as was yours a few weeks past, Mrs. Jenney," said Mr. Niles, "also French in design. Miss Hartwell was of the company, but did not have a hand in the menu. No, we are not here because of the food, Mrs. Jenney - but more due to the theatrical piece Mrs. Billings presented this evening."
"A theatrical piece?" echoed Mrs. Jenney uneasily.
"Yes, a highly dramatic rendition of Lafayette saving the royal family of France after mobs broke into the palace," explained Mr. Larabee.
"All this on a Tuesday?" inquired Mrs. Jenney, coyly.
"Today, the seventh of December, marks the forty-seventh anniversary of the day Lafayette was commissioned as a major general in our first war for American independence," offered Mr. Niles.
"And as good a day as any for my wife to spend a great deal of my money," added Mr. Billings, nodding.
"Your son Garrett portrayed the young general rather well, although I suspect he had been strongly coerced into playing the part," observed Mr. Larabee.
"Who played Marie Antoinette?" questioned Charlotte.
"I believe Miss Ellsworth desired the role, however, Miss Mary Billings was awarded that particular opportunity," responded Mr. Hewes in a manner that betrayed no favoritism for Miss Ellsworth. "Miss Emily portrayed the king."
"My wife originally felt I had all the necessary talents to play the king," confessed Mr. Billings. "However, it seems I possessed a far better talent for hiding."
"My only wonder is, who portrayed the mob?" asked Mrs. Jenney with an artful smile.
"Regardless of all the particulars, this piece inspired me as to what we should write for the general's pageant," revealed Mr. Hewes. "My question for you, Mrs. Jenney, is if you feel Tuesday next is too soon to have a gathering to discuss possible roles with all the young ladies of Liberty Fair?"
"I will go house to house and inform all the families personally," offered Mr. Niles.
"We shall have the meeting at my tavern, and I will supply the necessary refreshments," announced Mr. Larabee.
"What a marvelous idea," Mrs. Jenney shrugged. "Don't you agree, girls?"
The girls smiled and nodded prettily, and the blush upon Selena's face only rendered her lovelier by candlelight.
"Agreed, agreed! Now, we must be getting back. I'm sure Mrs. Billings is wondering where all the men have disappeared to, with the dancing about to start," stated Mr. Larabee.
"I wish it were possible for you to join us, Miss Jenney," Mr. Hewes said softly to Selena, which melted her heart beyond measure.
"There's always our Christmas Eve Ball," Mr. Larabee reminded the ladies, "and I hope you will favor me with a dance, Mrs. J."
Mrs. Jenney thanked the gentlemen profusely for their visit, and watched as the men practically scampered across the moonlit field back to Billings Farm.
"What an intriguing development," Mrs. Jenney muttered towards the windowpane- and then, in her typical fashion, Mrs. Jenney turned and instructed that Louisa Jane and her father must read up at once, and impart all they could uncover, about the illustrious Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Tuesday next


Mr. Alonzo Hewes was indeed surprised, if not a wee bit apprehensive, to see before him so many townsfolk interested in his June pageant for General Lafayette.
As a light snowfall swirled by the frosted tavern windows, and a hearty fire flickered within, nearly forty guests had assembled in Mr. Larabee's Ascutney Room in order to hear the novelist's ideas for the impending project.
"My concept was greatly inspired by a piece presented for myself and my family at the Billings' home last week," Mr. Hewes was saying, as Grace Billings stood triumphantly to accept her due, if not noticeably hesitant, applause. "I now have it in mind to write a tribute in which the original thirteen colonies, represented by the fair ladies of our village, will each welcome the general with a speech or a poem about the profound effect he had on their homeland. With this in mind, if we could, I would like to have all the young ladies aged twelve and over, please sit in this front row."
With a chaotic measure of murmuring, giggling, and shuffling about, the front row seats were at last occupied, and Mr. Hewes began to count.
"One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight - oh, Mrs. Crenshaw, with the utmost of respect, I was referring to our young maidens of the village for the roles of each colony."
Mrs. Crenshaw placed a trembling hand beneath her throat, and fluttered her eyelashes beneath her enormous, and plainly distracting, headgear.
"Mr. Hewes, although I am not a maiden, I do consider myself young in appearance."
"While I wholeheartedly agree, madam, my vision with these roles was to - um -"
Zona Tuttle abruptly spoke.
"Nora Crenshaw, stop your fool preening and tear your ancient carcass away from that front row, before I do it for you."
Mrs. Crenshaw stood and slowly made her way to the back of the room with her nose vaulted so high in the air, she had Mrs. Tuttle sniggering.
Mr. Hewes resumed his counting.
"Eight, nine, ten, eleven -"
"While we're on the subject, Mr. Hewes, will there be roles for us - how shall I deem it - sprightly matrons?" asked Mrs. Tuttle.
"I will be getting to that," responded Mr. Hewes politely, as he recounted,"eight, nine -"
"Mr. Hewes, did you say twelve years of age, or ten? My daughter Rachel is ten," Mr. Quimby tensely interrupted.
"Twelve, Mr. Quimby - thirteen, fourteen -"
"Pardon, Mr. Hewes, but you skipped over ten and eleven," alerted the haughty Isabel Abbott.
"Then I shall begin again. One, two - no, on second thought, please start at this end of the row and call off your number."
Frank Niles' daughter Julia, being at the first seat to Mr. Hewes' left, opened her mouth to speak, but her words were broken off  by Mrs. Billings.
"Emily," cried the lady to her eldest daughter, "you should be in the front row."
"But mother, I do not wish to portray a colony."
"Is it not enough that I wish you to portray a colony?" demanded her mother.
"Mrs. Billings," began Mr. Hewes carefully, "there will be other roles Miss Emily may feel more content with."
"One," announced Julia Niles, brightly.
"If there are other options, perhaps we should hear them out before committing to being mere colonies," declared Miss Isabel.
"The other roles will be less demanding ones," offered Mr. Hewes.
"One," repeated Julia Niles.
"Is there not a role for my six-year-old Ella?" fretted Mr. Quimby. "Ella is, without a doubt, the most talented child in this village."
"Yes, there will be roles for the children," assured Mr. Hewes.
"One," attempted Julia Niles.
"I wouldn't be convinced your Ella is the only talented child in this village,"  protested Mrs. Ellsworth, coolly.
"We will make sure that all the children who wish to participate will have a role worthy of their abilities," replied Mr. Hewes.
"One," ventured Julia Niles.
"My Ella can recite the first seven pages to The Adventures of a Pincushion," huffed Mr. Quimby.
"One," sighed Julia Niles.
"My four-year-old Madelyn can sing Soft Flowing Avon like an angel," advised Mrs. Ellsworth.
"One?" questioned Julia Niles.
"Are we going to be able to shoot up lobsterbacks?" whined Patrick Henry Abbott. "That's all I want to do."
Julia Niles did not speak.
"Please allow the ladies to number themselves, and we will address the other aspects of the production shortly," begged Mr. Hewes.
"One!" claimed Julia Niles with great enthusiasm, and within moments it was discovered that there were sixteen young ladies present for a total of thirteen roles. Mr. Hewes paused to think.
"Are any of you delightful ladies willing to take on a smaller role?"
Only Louisa Jane Jenney raised her hand, refusing to look back at her mother, who Louisa Jane was convinced would be seething with disbelief.
"Ah - thank you, Miss Jenney, I am positive we can write something suitable for your talents. Now we are down to fifteen young ladies for thirteen roles, and I believe the first thing we should do is hear your prepared speeches. Are you ready, ladies?"
Nearly all the ladies nodded enthusiastically. Miss Elaine Abbott raised her hand timidly and stood.
"Mr. Hewes, I am more than satisfied just to sing a song in tribute to the general," she offered, causing Mr. Hewes to sigh and his shoulders to collapse ever so slightly.
"That is terribly generous, Miss Abbott, and brings us to fourteen ladies for thirteen roles," he announced, truly regretting the stakes. "Now, who wishes to begin?"
Hester Daniels stood at once and moved to the center floor.
"Hello again, Mr. Hewes," she said loudly and cheerfully. "I am Hester Daniels. We met at the Jenney's party, which was first of all, ever so much fun, and secondly, the only one to invite us to a celebration in your honor, sir, - so I thank Mr. and Mrs. Jenney most gratefully."
Zona Tuttle enjoyed watching Grace Billings and Frances Ellsworth squirm in their seats.
"Tell us something about yourself, Miss Daniels," encouraged Mr. Hewes.
"My family runs the lumber mill here in Liberty Fair - everyone pretty much knows that. I have four obnoxious brothers. Everyone pretty much knows that, too."
"And what have you prepared to recite for us today, Miss Daniels?"
"We don't have any books at home. I wish we did, but we can't possibly afford them. We do get a copy of the Liberty Fair Gazette, and I read every word faithfully. It gives us something other than milled timber to talk about at the supper table. So, here is the part I memorized. It's the best article I've ever read. It's called Reflections through the Ruby Glass with Lady Rhodri, and this is how it went -"
Louisa Jane did her best to keep her expression and manner unknowing, which was, at present, difficult, even for a daughter of an actress.
When Hester finished her animated rendering, the room resounded with applause. Then, Mrs. Billings raised her hand.
"Just who, may I ask, is Lady Rhodri?" she questioned caustically.
"A lady," returned Mr. Niles with an astute smile. "Nicely done, Miss Daniels. Shall we move on? Who would like to recite next?"
Mary Sparling raised her hand, and being the only volunteer, moved to the center floor. She was dressed very prettily that day, but was nonetheless discouraged by Garrett Billings' absence. It was her typical misfortune, she told herself, that he would not be around when she actually looked like a girl.
"My name is Mary Sparling, and my father is a coachmaker. I also met you at the Jenney's party, Mr. Hewes, however, I was costumed a bit differently at the time," she admitted with a quick blush. "In honor of our beginning a most important play, I thought I would recite from A Midsummer Night's Dream, a speech made by Peter Quince, leader of the players."
Mary took a moment to rearrange her stance, and then glanced towards Mr. Hewes and Mr. Niles.
"Oh, don't worry," she assured, "I shortened it."
With that, she began:
"Gentles, perchance you wonder at this show
But wonder on, till truth make all things plain.

"Shakespeare is so - common," complained Isabel Abbott to Meg Ellsworth at her side.

"This man is Pyramus, if you would know;
This beauteous lady Thisby is certain.
And through Wall's chink, poor souls, they are content
To whisper. At the which let no man wonder.

"I'm wondering why she chose this speech," sighed the ever-critical Miss Abbott.

"By moonshine did these lovers think no scorn
To meet at Ninus' tomb, there, there to woo."

"No one ever seems to pronounce Ninus correctly," lamented Isabel to no one in particular.

"This grisly beast, which Lion hight by name,
The trusty Thisby, coming first by night,
Did scare away, or rather did affright;"

Miss Isabel made a low growling noise, which caused Meg Ellsworth to giggle.

"And, as she fled, her mantle she did fall,
Which Lion vile with bloody mouth did stain.
Anon comes Pyramus, sweet youth and tall,"

"Oh, doesn't she wish!" exclaimed Meg.
"Whatever do you mean?" asked Isabel.
"I'll tell you later," whispered Meg, now acutely aware that others were disturbed by their needless chatter.

"And finds his trusty Thisby's mantle slain:
Whereat, with blade, with bloody blameful blade,
His dagger drew, and died. For all the rest,
Let Lion, Moonshine, Wall, and lovers twain
At large discourse, while here they do remain."

Miss Mary curtseyed to the kindly applause she received, and returned to her seat.
"Thank you, Miss Sparling, that was wonderful," said Mr. Hewes. "A reminder for one and all that no one should be talking during the other young ladies' presentations. If you do feel the need for conversation, please remove yourselves to another room."
Isabel and Meg quickly glimpsed at one another, Isabel with irritation, and Meg with guilt.
"Who wishes to speak next?" inquired Mr. Niles.
Mary Billings smiled agreeably and raised her hand.
"Mary Billings - ah, we have two Marys," observed Mr. Niles. "Please come forward, Miss Billings."
Mary Billings was truly a beautiful and pleasant girl, and those in the room readily smiled along with her. 
"My name is Mary Billings, and our family raises cattle at our farm on the river," she said sweetly. "For my reading today, I selected an address made to the esteemed General Lafayette by the President of the City Council of Portsmouth on September first of this year. This speech of welcome was also published in our newspaper, the Liberty Fair Gazette. It began - General! The magistrates of Portsmouth have been charged, by their fellow citizens, to express to you the gratitude and joy which your arrival causes in them - "
As Mary proudly spoke, Selena grew pale.
"Charlotte," Selena whispered frantically to her sister at her side, "I memorized the very same speech!"
Charlotte returned a helpless glance.
"What am I going to do?" Selena implored softly.
Charlotte shrugged. "You've got to think of something else - what have you read lately?"
Selena's look of panic softened as she thought of the one thing she could address passionately.
"...In us, the love of liberty was but a patriotic sentiment; in you, it was the result of a sentiment nobler still, the love of the human race," Mary Billings recited with tender emotion, and the onlookers cheered her engaging delivery.
"That could have been your applause," sighed Charlotte.
"I am happy for Mary," said Selena. "As for myself, I will do my best."
When Miss Billings concluded her stirring speech, many in the room stood with appreciation for her hard work.
"I want everyone to know that my daughter memorized that address in a matter of minutes," boasted Mrs. Billings. 
"That is remarkable, and indeed good to know, Mrs. Billings," answered Mr. Niles.
"She gets that ability from me," confided Mrs. Billings to the entire room.
"How fortunate," concluded Mr. Niles.
"Naturally you wouldn't wish to have someone without proper memorization skills in a leading role, now would you, Mr. Niles?" the lady questioned prepensely. 
"As long as everyone arrives at the necessary task at the appointed time, we will be satisfied," the newspaperman stated.
"Still, it makes the process so much more pleasant when one is prepared, does it not, Mr. Niles?" Mrs. Billings persisted.
"My youngest daughters prepared speeches, and now it seems they won't be heard," complained Mr. Quimby.
"We would be happy to hear them once these ladies have concluded," said Mr. Hewes. "Now, who would like to be next? Ah, yes - the Quimby twins, Miss Constance and Miss Catherine, in such order. And what have you prepared for us today?"
The duo proceeded to reenact a scene from William Shakespeare's A Comedy of Errors, in which twins, separated at birth, are now reunited. This light bit of comedy enthralled the audience, although it was observed that their younger sisters were forced to prompt many a forgotten line.
Following this, Miss Lorena Crenshaw recited the devotional poem Hymn, by Joseph Addison. Flora Kenerson, the blacksmith's daughter, rendered a short poem by William Blake. True, Flora had glanced at a small sheet of paper in her hand throughout much of the reading, however, her presentation was engaging all the same.
The next young lady called to the floor was Charlotte Jenney. 
"I also have a poem," she announced cheerfully, "a dear favorite of my father's. It is called If a Daughter You Have, and it was written by Richard Brinsley Sheridan - 

If a daughter you have, she's the plague of your life,
No peace shall you know, tho' you've buried your wife,
At twenty she mocks at the duty you taught her,
O, what a plague is an obstinate daughter.
Sighing and whining,
Dying and pining,
O, what a plague is an obstinate daughter.
When scarce in their teens, they have wit to perplex us,
With letters and lovers for ever they vex us,
While each still rejects the fair suitor you've brought her,
O, what a plague is an obstinate daughter.
Wrangling and jangling,
Flouting and pouting,
O, what a plague is an obstinate daughter."

Charlotte's poem was met with laughter and cheers from all but Mrs. Billings and her contemptuous cousin.
"These overt attempts at base humor are - charming in their sorry, little way," observed Mrs. Ellsworth. "However, comedy has no place in a tribute to a celebrated war hero."
This remark instigated an uneasy wave of conversation about the room, which reduced Meg to feelings of shame. She never could understand her own mother's need to be so condescending. Luckily, Charlotte showed no signs of taking offense by it, and better still, Mrs. Jenney had refrained from responding in a way that even Meg would admit her mother deserved.
"I would like to speak now, if I may," said Meg, but before she could stand, a newcomer was at the door.
"Mr. Larabee, I need to see you!" insisted Miss Effie Randall in her light, bird-like voice.
"Yes, Miss Randall," replied the tavern-keeper. "Shall we step outside this room?"
"Whatever for?" she asked, coyly. "Do you want to kiss me?"
"As you see before you, there are several young ladies trying for roles in Mr. Hewes' stage production."
"Many are trying young ladies, indeed," determined the confused woman with a sigh. "Well, I won't keep you long, Ezra. I've brought another piece for your play."
With this, Effie held up an elaborate mask.
"What have we here?" asked the tavern-keeper.
"A Louisiana Carnival mask," she returned in a tone that implied Ezra Larabee was sadly simpleminded.
"Louisiana was not one of the original thirteen colonies, Miss Randall," Ezra explained gently.
"Are you sure on that one, Ezra? You know how you can get when you've been into the punch."
"Positive, Miss Randall. The last I knew, Louisiana had not signed the Declaration of Independence."
"Perhaps they were otherwise occupied that day?"
"Perhaps," smiled Mr. Larabee, leading the frail woman towards the door. "Now, shall we step outside, Miss Randall, and allow the ladies to continue?"
With this, Miss Ellsworth was welcomed to the floor.
"For myself, I found Miss Jenney's poem purely delightful," Meg said courteously. "And if our own dear fathers were present, they would be happily commiserating together at this very moment."
Hoping she had bridged the troubled air unnecessarily created by her mother, Meg proceeded to warmly recite a love poem by John Donne, her eyes never leaving Mr. Hewes in the telling of it. This outward and frank display of affection had Selena steaming before the second stanza.
Julia Niles took up the next opportunity, and simply amazed everyone with a scene of her own device depicting the final words and moments of Anne Boleyn. 
"Observe her smile," said Isabel to Meg during the applause for Miss Niles' truly touching work. "Julia Niles is a foolish girl who grins as if she had a delicious secret, and we all know in such a dull life, how could there ever be one?"
Meg replied nothing, realizing at once the ignorance of Isabel's cruel words.
"I shall present next," announced Miss Isabel, moving directly to the center floor before being invited to do so. And with this, Isabel Abbott took up her violin and played, sang, and recited from Le Jeu de Robin et Marian in perfect French. 
This left Selena and the Pomroy girls remaining to present. Mr. Hewes asked which of the young ladies wished to go first.
"Mr. Hewes, Mr. Niles," began Miss Savannah with apparent apprehension. "We neither one of us prepared a speech for this gathering, as our mother assured us we would be reading from something already prepared."
"Wherever did you get that impression?" inquired Mrs. Ellsworth loftily, although it was noticed at once that her cousin's face was undeniably blanched with guilt.
Poor Adelia Pomroy appeared as if she would cry. Mr. Hewes promised the sisters they would be equally considered at any rate, and they seemed satisfied with this, although Miss Savannah certainly had her suspicions about how the misperception may have occurred, and she turned a heated gaze in the direction of Mrs. Billings.
"If we are all done, perhaps we could hear from Miss Rach-"
"Actually, I have not spoken as yet," said Selena in a small voice.
"Miss Jenney," began Mr. Hewes humbly, "I am truly sorry."
"You need not apologize, Mr. Hewes," Selena blushed, standing. "I am perhaps easy to forget," she added with a polite hint of playfulness.
"Not after that stupendous acting performance you gave at your family's home a few weeks past," Mr. Hewes assured, while Mrs. Billings interrupted that tender moment by loudly clearing her throat.
Selena stepped up before the crowd and began with a huge sigh.
"I had prepared something altogether different," she confessed. "However, once I heard Miss Mary Billings speak, I knew that speech had gone to the proper person. So, instead, I shall tell you about the most astounding book I've been reading..."
As Selena spoke, the light of appreciation upon Mr. Hewes' face, and the noticeable displeasure from Meg Ellsworth's, provided all the encouragement she needed.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Selena's tempest in a teapot


A partial list of characters for the general's pageant was promptly displayed in the Thursday edition of the Liberty Fair Gazette, and shared by all over the Jenney breakfast table. Selena was in an exuberant whirl of anticipation, until she heard her specific role called.
"I am Rhode Island? How can that be? Is not Rhode Island a minuscule drop of sorry dirt somewhere off New York? And Savannah Pomroy is glorious France? Well, that is just - just - glorious! Savannah Pomroy, who didn't open her mouth to utter a trained word, suddenly is an entire country, all on her own, and an important one at that. Glorious France, my eye. So, that is what he thinks of me? Oh, that odious man! I'm not fit to be glorious. No, I'm just a mud slab out there in the murk that massive ships slam into without nary an apology whatsoever."
"Selena," soothed Charlotte, "it is not as bad as you th-"
"Oh, that's easy for you to say, Miss Massachusetts. You get to play the colony that dreams up the whole war for American independence, while I'm that forgotten, tiny shingle, way out there, trying desperately to be heard over the blasted fog bells."
"Perhaps you should have stayed with your original speech," hinted Eliza meekly.
"Perhaps you should realize where Rhode Island actually is," suggested Louisa Jane.
"Rhode Island could be up a tree in the backyard, for all I care. No, that's it - it's settled - I am not going to participate in this detestable show."
"Selena," begged Charlotte, "please do not behave in this absurd manner."
"How do you suggest I behave? Like Glorious France? - no, wait - the girl who couldn't drum up a thought beyond blaming her mother, got that honor. And let us not forget Meg Ellsworth. All she had to do was make her big eyes all melty while she recited a vulgar love poem, and presto! - she's top of the rung, Connecticut."
"Wherever did you come up with the word melty?" asked Louisa Jane.
"Oh, you know what I mean. Why, the whole matter is completely senseless!"
Mr. Jenney regarded his wife sternly.
"That is your cue, my dear. Offer something of encouragement to your eldest daughter."
"Why should I, when I heartily agree with her?"
"Mamma!" Charlotte exclaimed. "You are of no help whatsoever!"
"It has taken you this long to discover such an obvious fact?" chuckled her father.
"No, I side with Selena. It is a stinging slap in the face to have the likes of Savannah Pomroy  rewarded with a role she does not deserve."
"Then I take it, mamma, your sole advice is for Selena to be a coward and quit?" uttered Charlotte with disbelief.
"Yes, and perhaps only then will that so-called novelist see the error of his ways, and offer the role of Glorious France to your sister instead."
"Isabel Abbott spoke perfect French, and look what that got her - New York," pointed out Louisa Jane.
"New York is far more prestigious than a pitiful little sandpit for seagulls," scowled Selena.
"Before you utter another untruth against Rhode Island, please allow me to say a few words on its behalf," requested Louisa Jane. "That 'forgotten tiny shingle,' as you put it, was the first to declare independence from Great Britain. They were also the first to take military action against England - not Boston - as all those steadfast Massachusetts agitators would have you believe."
Selena addressed Charlotte with a sad, but superior, nod, while Louisa Jane spoke on.
"Lafayette himself was devoted to Rhode Island. It was here he prevented New Hampshire's General Sullivan from destroying the French Alliance. And while in Rhode Island, Lafayette was inspired to return to France and petition the king and his ministry to provide further support towards the American colonies' defense."
"Then being Rhode Island is better than being New York?" questioned Selena with a self-pitying sniff.
"Infinitely," assured Louisa Jane.
"And what about Connecticut?"
"Boundlessly better."
"But what about Glorious France?"
"Ah, that," began Louisa Jane carefully. "That all depends on whether you wish to have a great deal of distinctive dialogue, or if you'd rather stand in the back looking like a guillotine."
"Then I shall be Rhode Island!" exclaimed Selena, jumping up and embracing her father, nearly knocking over his tea. Then, singing a happy tune, Selena pranced out of the room.
"A guillotine?" Charlotte repeated incredulously.
"It was the first thing that came to mind," Louisa Jane answered with a shrug.
"And the last to cross many a french noble person's," sighed her father, as he returned to his newspaper and tea.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN
The Larabee Ball


As was their custom each year, the Larabees held a Christmas Eve Ball commencing with a bountiful feast for every household servant in Liberty Fair. 
And so it was, on this December the 24th, a table of two dozen jolly guests were being served a hardy meal they neither had to cook up, nor clean after, making their moods most joyful indeed.
"Aren't these potatoes a tasty wonder!" spoke Mrs. Goodwin over the jubilant noise to the Ellsworths' cook, Mrs. Briggs.
"How true, Mrs. G., how true," nodded Mrs. Briggs. "My missus demands her potatoes whipped up ever so delicately, and served swirled like a blooming rose upon her plate."
"How lovely," sighed Mrs. Goodwin.
"Yes, but then she blooming refuses to eat them!"
The ladies laughed heartily.
"Are you talking about the missus?" asked Lottie, the Ellsworths' kitchen maid, leaning in. "Now there's a sly one - picking at her dishes like a bored little bird - complaining how this could be better, or that could be lighter - but then hiding away in her bedroom nearly every day, eating bonbons by the handful."
"And how would you know that, Lottie?" inquired Mrs. Briggs.
"Sarah told me so," answered the girl, pertly, "says the missus has her chocolates stashed away in a heart-shaped box of solid gold, tucked in a drawer in her dressing room, under her gloves and such. Sarah should know, being the upstairs maid and all. Isn't that right, Annie?"
Annie, being a shy scullery maid, simply shrugged, her bright nose buried in her delicious glass of punch.
The Pomroys' cook confirmed in hushed, low tones that the Pomroy ladies were also finicky eaters, while the kitchen staff for the Abbots claimed that, unsurprisingly, Miss Isabel was their sole botheration. The Quimby's cook noted that Mr. Quimby was her constant curmudgeon, his heart being perpetually in such an agitated state. Because of this - and much to the dismay of his four daughters - he forbade the use of chocolate and cheese.
Across the table, the household staffs to the Sanborn Sisters and to their brother Eldon in the big house, were happily satisfied with things, and couldn't want for better. Mr. Niles' cook and light housekeeper, a sweet older woman by the name of Mrs. Fiske, also claimed to have an easy household to please. However, the staff of the Billings kitchen were bemoaning the fact that Mrs. Billings now demanded her menus to be French in design, which was nearly impossible without the proper books - and books being so expensive.
"Just load your dishes with butter and add  la beurre to the name of it," suggested Mrs. Briggs. "That should suffice for the likes of her."
Mrs. Larabee, being a kitchen servant herself, sat at the head of this festive table with their guest of honor at her side - a wisp of an old gent by the name of Samuel MacGregor. A veteran of many a battle in the past, Mr. MacGregor was now a ward of the village. Mrs. Larabee was pleased that the wine and conversation at her table flowed smoothly.
"They're having their fun," said Mrs. Larabee to Mr. MacGregor, who merely muttered aye and nodded - his watery, vacant blue eyes looking around, and seemingly through, everyone. Mrs. Larabee patted his rough, gnarled hand and held it tenderly, returning her attention to her more effusive guests.
The Larabees encouraged easy conversation at their table. They even went so far as to have Ezra's two maiden sisters, who visited every Christmas, wait upon these guests. In years past, Mrs. Daniels and Mrs. Kenerson volunteered to serve the servants' meal, however, it was soon discovered that whatever was being said at the table was being repeated in tea parlors. With Ezra's plump, happy sisters hailing from New York, there was scant cause for worry. There would be no one there to make a fuss about faux French meals, or Frances Ellsworth's hidden chocolates, allowing harmless village gossip amongst servants to remain where it rightfully belonged.
By eight in the evening, the table was cleared, and the servants to stay with the families who came to dance. Everyone in town was invited to the Larabee's Christmas Eve celebration, resulting in times when even the outdoor porches were full to capacity with contented, talkative guests.
Naturally, after arriving - and successfully switching out their winter shoes for their more delicate dance slippers - the young ladies of Liberty Fair promptly grouped together to discuss their roles in the general's pageant.
"I see Mary Billings is playing New Hampshire," complained Flora Kenerson in low tones, her small eyes fixed upon the door should Miss Billings suddenly appear. "I felt I had a better chance at it, myself."
"What is your role, Flora?" asked Hester Daniels, politely.
"New Jersey," she grimaced, "and I doubt I can speak it."
"Whatever do you mean, speak it?" questioned Catherine Quimby.
"They must have some sort of accent there," argued Flora.
"I have the role with an accent," informed Julia Niles. "I'm to play Georgia. As for New Jersey, it can't be much different than New York, so you may be advised merely to speak jumbled and fast."
"I would have much rather portrayed New Hampshire," Flora declared, matter-of-factually, while fixing a side of her hair comb that had slid out of place.
"I'm South Carolina," beamed Constance Quimby. "I shall have an accent, too."
"I'm North Carolina," sighed her twin, Catherine, "and according to my father, North Carolina always yielded to South Carolina."
"A most excellent arrangement," decreed Constance.
"I'm Pennsylvania," announced Hester Daniels. "I don't know much about that state, except that it is large. Perhaps that is why I got it, for I tower over all of you."
"Keep in mind that Philadelphia is the birthplace of American freedom," reminded Julia Niles.
"Oh, I'll have a twitchy fit if I'm forced to play somebody's mother. I'm far too young!" vowed Hester, as everyone laughed courteously.
"There's Mary Sparling," observed Miss Catherine, glancing towards the garland-draped door. "I wonder what she is playing?"
"Maryland," answered Constance, pointedly. "That one is easy to recall, Mary-land."
"Ah, yes," replied Catherine. "I was thinking Mary got Glorious France."
"With the likes of Savannah Pomroy around?" cried Constance. "Fool's chance of that for any of us, I dare say."
"And to think Savannah Pomroy did not even prepare a speech," sighed Flora.
"With her looks, she needn't say a word," Julia surmised, just as the music swelled, and the first dance of the evening began - an allemande, in which Mrs. Larabee led the floor with the frail, but smiling, Mr. MacGregor as her partner. This touching benevolence gained instant approval from the older ladies who had flocked like fussy pigeons to a warm corner by the fire, where they could sip posset and share idle rumors.
By half past the hour, nearly all the guests had arrived, including Mr. Hewes and his family. Indeed, when Tess and Tilda Sanborn made their appearance in the hall, everyone stopped and cheered, causing the ladies every measure of happiness.
Two ladies not experiencing the best of feelings on that particular evening were Meg and Selena, for it was at this point they had come to a decided rivalry over the attentions of Mr. Hewes. Each had taken pains to look their best, and although Miss Ellsworth's situation in life easily afforded her the latest in fashion, Miss Selena possessed a natural beauty and charm that rendered anything she wore to be deemed quite smart.
Despite any young lady's efforts, however, it was noticed that Mr. Hewes was spending a great deal of time in the company of Mr. Larabee, when he ought to have been dancing.
"Your gathering is simply delightful," complimented Mr. Hewes, as his eyes glanced about the fragrant candlelit room with its simple, but heartwarming, arrangements of evergreens and holly. "I never imagined such a celebration would be offered, as I was under the steadfast opinion that honoring Christmas in New England was an invitation to find yourself clamped in the stocks."
Mr. Larabee laughed merrily.
"Due to a long list of unnecessary faults, celebrating Christmas had been frowned upon by our Puritan fathers," he declared to the curious Mr. Hewes. "As the Good Book only recognized the Sabbath as a day of rest, in their eyes there were simply no others to be concerned with. What a pity."
"True, sir," agreed Mr. Hewes, raising his glass.
"Our straight-laced ancestors were also displeased that Christmas aligned itself with a month-long Pagan ritual of over-eating and drinking. Of course, we tavern-keepers call that first-rate business!"
The two men concurred by clinking their glasses.
"So what changed things?" asked Mr. Hewes.
"Only last year, an anonymous poem entitled A Visit From Saint Nicholas was printed in a New York newspaper to great acclaim, and the spirit of Christmas was miraculously rekindled. The author had been wise in focusing upon the night before, and not the holy day itself. This allowed the idea of Christmas to center around children, rather than unprincipled pagans."
"How charming," remarked Mr. Hewes.
"Agreed, although I'd be in the poorhouse without my pagans," grinned Mr. Larabee. "Now, dance, young man, dance! A bevy of eager young ladies awaits you!"
How true this was. Mr. Hewes glimpsed round the room once more, beholding all the young ladies of Liberty Fair, each attired in a dress befitting their personal choice, style, and manufacture, and every one enchanting. He then astonished all the elderly ladies, who had hedged their bets on his singling out Savannah Pomroy, by choosing Miss Anna Ellsworth to be his first partner.
"I see your sister has the honors," reported Miss Isabel rather dryly to Meg.
"It's not exactly what you think," Meg returned with a slight laugh. "Mr. Hewes wants my sister to take on the role of Delaware, and she absolutely refuses to do so."
"I thought there were more of us young ladies than there were parts for," commented Lorena Crenshaw.
"Initially, yes," answered Meg, "however, Mr. Hewes created a tableau role called American Liberty for Adelia Pomroy, so one colony remains open - and my sister remains obstinate about not having it."
"Perhaps I should play both," said Miss Isabel, reflectively. "After all, I am only New York. What difficulty would there be in that?"
"You would have to speak with Mr. Hewes on that subject," advised Meg, her voice trailing off as she moved gracefully to a different point in the room.
"What do you think that was about?" uttered Isabel, as Lorena shrugged ever so slightly and also moved away. 
Across the lively room, Charlotte and Selena stood by the fireplace, watching the dance. It was a pleasing place to be, with the warm flames drawing out the exhilarating scent of the pine boughs artistically arranged upon the mantle. At least Charlotte observed this as so. Selena, however, was in no mood for sentiments of the season. 
"What do you suppose this dance with Anna Ellsworth means?" asked Selena, frowning.
"Kindness," replied Charlotte. "I'm sure he means to dance with everyone."
"I can't help but fear it is more than that," pouted Selena.
"When you are in love, even the simplest suspicion sprouts hornet's wings," surmised Charlotte.
Charlotte would have said more to sooth her sister's anxiety, however, one of Hester Daniels' large and somewhat oafish brothers approached, asking Charlotte for a dance. Hesitating momentarily - as denying a first offer to dance meant denying them all - Charlotte was about to accept when a fine, tall figure of a man appeared in the shadowy recesses of the hall. Drawing a sharp breath, Charlotte recognized him at once. It was Ned Abbott.
"Oh, Mr. Daniels - I do thank you," Charlotte murmured prettily, "however, I stepped over this way to remove myself from the music for a short while, as my head hurts. Perhaps a bit later in the evening?"
Satisfied with that answer, John Daniels nodded, bowed, and walked away, leaving the path clear for Charlotte - not to mention the cluster of old biddies behind her - to witness Ned Abbott's every elegant move by the doorway.
"Oh, he will surely promise every last dance away before ever encountering us in this far-off corner," Charlotte lamented.
"Now who is putting a sting on simple doubts?" questioned Selena with a sly grin. "Come, sister, we must stand by mamma if we are to properly greet the returning scholar. After all, rules of civility -"
"Are rules!" they joyfully recited together, and joining arms, they crossed through the bustling crowds to find their mother.
While this agreeable little picture of future happiness was forming for Charlotte, another event occurred across the room which displeased Selena greatly.
Meg, placing herself in a prime location to receive her sister upon finishing her dance with Mr. Hewes, was naturally in the best position to be asked for the next. And so this was. Selena was strongly torn between feelings of being of fond assistance to Charlotte, or manically ripping Meg's perfectly coiled ringlets right off her head. This was a new sensation to her, and not particularly a pleasant one.
Having made his way around much of the room, Ned Abbott was finally brought by Mr. Larabee to Mrs. Jenney and her daughters.
"Ned Abbott, how good of you to grace this amiable gathering on your return for the holidays," said Mrs. Jenney. "Has Harvard been treating you well?"
"Too well, madam," he laughed. "I had a tendency to indulge in more meals than mental taxation. However, being at home this past week alone has put me to right. Isabel insisted upon it. She is quite the taskmaster."
"I can only imagine," replied Mrs. Jenney, all politeness.
"One gets little exercise in study, and Boston is such a far walk," Ned added, suddenly noticing how grown-up Miss Charlotte had become since the spring.
"Then by all means, you should dance," encouraged Mrs. Jenney, glancing from his eyes to her daughter's.
"Miss Charlotte, if you are not otherwise engaged, I wonder if you might honor me with the next dance?" he asked, hopefully.
"I am not engaged, sir," Charlotte breathed, "and would be honored."
That being happily settled, Selena put her own efforts to the front. A burning new instinct within her bade Selena to battle, and that devilish little voice in her head willfully encouraged her to behave as her once best friend did. Therefore, Selena, looking every bit the angel, boldly placed herself in the best location to greet Meg after her dance with Mr. Hewes.
"Selena!" exclaimed Meg in a pronounced effort to sound light and cheery, "so you did make it here, after all."
"We have enjoyed the Larabees' Ball every Christmas Eve since I can remember," Selena responded carefully.
"Yes, but I would have thought -" Meg began, and then paused, as if delicacy forbade her from further embarrassing Selena in polite company.
Selena guessed Meg was inferring that the many recent entertainments must have been a burden on the Jenney family budget. Despite this, Selena donned her most charming countenance and continued.
"Your new gown is fascinating, Meg. You were such a spectacle upon the dance floor."
Selena's true meaning was not lost on Meg, who immediately retaliated by taking a noticeable step closer to Mr. Hewes.
"Why thank you, Selena. Mother had our holiday attire made in New York this year," Meg replied easily, and turning to Mr. Hewes, she added, "The seamstresses here are so unreliable."
"I am intrigued by your costume this evening, Miss Jenney," avowed Mr. Hewes.
"Oh, this is our Elizabethan look for Christmas," said Selena, showing off her velvet split over-skirt and matching bodice sleeves done in royal blue, which looked stunning against the pretty array of seed pearls in her hair. "We fashion our holiday attire after costumes my mother wore in several of her best plays. We take such delight in reviewing each classic story while we create the designs."
"I am impressed and enthralled by your creativity," replied Mr. Hewes, his sparkling eyes most bright.
Meg was struggling to produce a picturesque example of her household being creative, when the next dance was announced. They looked on as Mrs. Larabee, grinning from ear to ear, once more took to the front of the dance, with Mr. MacGregor as her partner.
"Who is that spry gent?" asked Mr. Hewes.
"Mr. Samuel MacGregor - a delightful man who served in the wars," supplied Selena. "He lives alone in a small cabin beyond the village, poor thing, but often visits our farm in the warmer months. My father takes him fishing."
"Delightful?" sneered Meg. "He is an imbecile. Whenever he comes begging to our house, our butler sends him packing."
Mr. Hewes paused, the usual gleam in his eyes rapidly fading, and his face showing sudden displeasure. Meg did not see this, for she was watching Mr. MacGregor with an arched brow and a decidedly derisive air.
"Miss Jenney, would you favor me with the next two dances?" Mr. Hewes said at last.
Selena could barely hide her triumph as she graciously accepted. Asked to dance twice! It was a victory on many accounts, and she reveled in every wondrous moment. Selena was also pleased to see that Charlotte had been asked for a second dance by Ned Abbott, and best of all, Mary Sparling was being led to the floor by none other than Garrett Billings. The evening was becoming quite promising, after all.
The musicians struck up La Strasbourgeoise, and as all were bowing or curtseying to one another, Mrs. Billings inexplicably rushed up to her son.
"Garrett, your father desires your presence at once."
"Is something wrong, mother?"
"Yes - well - yes - it's a debate with Mr. Pomroy that only you can answer."
"Can this not wait, mother?"
"No, not even for an instant. One never keeps a lawyer waiting."
This left the disheartened Mary about to leave the floor alone. However, Charlotte, having noticed this, indicated with a gently pleading nod that Ned should take Garrett's place. Therefore, instead it was Charlotte who withdrew from the dance, a trifle saddened, but satisfied to have helped a cherished friend. Canvassing the room, Charlotte weighed out her options. By the looks of things, Hester, Flora and Julia were still discussing the general's play, and while they were splendid young ladies, Charlotte had heard all she cared to on this subject at home with the ever-dramatic Selena. Mary and Emily Billings were, as always, under the scrutinizing eye of their tiresome mother, and although Meg and Isabel appeared free to approach, the very idea of this was less than alluring, as Isabel was bound to be griping senselessly about something, or someone.
Charlotte surmised that it would be far more appealing to sit down with the house servants and enjoy a chat about something normal for a change. However, this would never do.  Her presence would only prevent them from speaking openly, and their time with her would be precious moments ill-spent. So instead, Charlotte sighed and joined her mother who was in the company of Mrs. Abbott, Mrs. Pomroy, and Mrs. Crenshaw. On an ottoman before them sat Hugh Farley, speaking in a highly animated manner.
"Hugh Farley," said Charlotte in an admonishing tone as the young man stood, "with so many ladies in want of a partner, why are you not dancing?"
"Master Farley has been making quite a promise to your mother," explained Mrs. Pomroy, slyly.
"Indeed?" returned Charlotte with great curiosity. "And what might that be?"
"This beguiling young artist is going to paint our center village buildings special colors for the general's visit," said Nora Crenshaw, beaming beneath her oversized headpiece from pure excitement and too much Roman punch.
"Really?" replied Charlotte, with a good level of sarcasm. "Do the Larabees know of this? After all, their tavern - this building - is squarely in the center of town."
"Ezra Larabee was the first to approve," bragged Hugh.
"And what exactly are these special colors?"
"The colors of the Continental Army, naturally."
"Which are?" prompted Charlotte.
"Blue and buff," answered the painter, smugly.
"Why not add bright red, and turn this tavern into an garish flag?" ventured Charlotte, making a suggestion only Mrs. Crenshaw, being punch-drunk, found credible.
"Ah, here is the man himself," proclaimed Mrs. Jenney. "Ezra, my friend, have you heard young master Farley's tremendous plan?"
"And which grand scheme might that be?" inquired their host.
"To paint our village buildings blue and buff in honor of the general," grinned Mrs. Crenshaw over her glass.
"Ah, yes," replied Mr. Larabee, just as Effie Randall appeared at his side.
"Mr. Larabee," she panted, terribly short of breath, "I've been trying to meet up with you in this busy, overheated, and quite impossible room all evening."
"Well, now you have my full attention, Miss Randall. What might I do for you? Would you like me to make you a stone-wall?"
"It's a bit cold outside for that, Ezra. Besides, you're busy with your party."
"I meant the drink, Miss Randall - cider and rum."
"Oh, heavens! The last time I drank rum, I sang a song that wasn't the least bit polite. No, I've brought you another item for your play - something truly important this time."
"What is it?"
"A love letter from Lafayette."
The group around the ottoman was instantly all ears.
"To whom?"
"To me, of course," she snapped, handing Ezra a thick, folded letter. "Who else do you think would receive a love letter at my house - George Washington?"
"That would be a neat trick, Miss Randall, considering the great man has passed. Ahem, Miss Randall, this letter is from a gentleman serving in the Fayetteville North Carolina independent light infantry back in 1794. It is signed Gilbert Dumont."
"Yes, I visited my sister, who lived there. I was only fift - thirty nine, at the time. That Gilbert Dumont was a sly one, I'll tell you - cooing at me in silky smooth French how much he adored me and my big," she paused suggestively, "blue eyes."
"Miss Randall, the Marquis' actual name is Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier de la Fayette."
"His mother named him Marie?"" interjected Hugh. "Then I am amazed he became a general, and not a French hairdresser."
"Show some respect, young man," warned Mr. Larabee. "The French name Marie is masculine for Mary."
"He was masculine, all right," purred Miss Randall.
"Miss Randall," sighed Ezra. "The writer of this letter is not our Lafayette. True, this gentlemen lived in the first American city to be named after the general, but this Gilbert Dumont is another man altogether. Besides, Miss Randall, the general was married to a wonderful woman named Adrienne, and they were immensely devoted to one another."
"Think what you will," Miss Randall replied in a sing-song voice as she snatched the letter out of Mr. Larabee's hands and shuffled away.
"Dance with me, Charls," whispered Hugh, abbreviating Charlotte's name in a way that frankly infuriated her.
"Dance with Mary Sparling first, and then I'll dance with you," she relented after a brief hesitation.
The young man took up the challenge at once, and dashed across the room.
As for me, thought Charlotte to herself, how am I ever to dance with Ned Abbott again? To make matters worse, Ned Abbott was now partnering Savannah Pomroy in a cozy little cotillion.
"Glorious France!" grumbled Charlotte, as Mrs. Crenshaw glanced up at her questioningly.
"Just a new expression," Charlotte sighed.
Nora Crenshaw, wishing to appear all-knowing, simply nodded. Charlotte smiled in a sad, distracted way, and then crossed the room in order to wait for her sister.
On his part, Hugh Farley relished the time of his life that evening. During his allemande with Mary Sparling, he vowed his singular living hope was to spirit away the sadness in her eyes. He flattered Mrs. Billings that her daughter Mary was worthy of being painted by the finest European master, and coaxed the reluctant Emily into actually speaking more than three consecutive words about herself. He secured Elaine Abbott a cup of tea before she was to sing for the guests, and neatly settled little Natalie Abbott's argument with Ella Quimby and Eliza Jenney regarding the existence of Saint Nicholas. He saved Lorena Crenshaw from having to sit next to her inebriated mother during dessert, and swore upon pain of death to Adelia Pomroy he would never reveal she had eaten three huge helpings of Chocolate Cream. The liveliest of book debates was enjoyed with Louisa Jane, before softening his zeal and assuring Hester Daniels with all his heart that exceedingly tall women were indeed the most beautiful creatures on earth. He did his best to manage a few romantic phrases in French to Miss Hartwell, who considered his efforts flawed, but charming, and nearly succeeded in causing Isabel Abbott to break a frown. For Miss Rachel Quimby, who was feeling so miserably in-between at such parties, Hugh promised it would not be long before she was the belle of the ball, and all these other ladies would be olive green with envy. He brought Miss Tess two cups of punch, and begged to learn from Miss Tilda how she fashioned her hats. Dancing in succession with Cora Hewes, Savannah Pomroy, Flora Kenerson, Julia Niles, Charlotte, Selena, Constance and then Catherine Quimby - (or was that the other way around?) - he still found unique sentiments to pronounce upon each one, and even managed to compliment Miss Kenerson for her cleverness in sketching tricky dance movements upon the inside of her fan. When all these dances were done, Hugh Farley remarkably found the fortitude to partner the female household servants who had tired of having only the Ellsworths' gardener and the Billings' stable boy to favor them. Hugh's joy was complete, however, his marked generosity resulted in one unfortunate circumstance.
Lottie, the Ellsworths' outspoken kitchen maid, took it into her head that if it was permissible to dance with a painter's son, then it should also be acceptable to stand up with a Baron's. Therefore, she marched herself boldly before Mr. Hewes, who had just finished a boulanger with Elaine Abbott, and  impetuously demanded a dance. 
Those around them fell silent. Mrs. Larabee placed her hand upon Mr. Larabee's arm, urging him to intervene, however thankfully there was no need.
"I would be delighted," Mr. Hewes was heard to say, and his manner and smile were so relaxed and easy that clearly no offense was taken - nor should anyone experience it for him. But there was one person who obviously did.
"Now there is a forward miss," noted Miss Isabel pointedly to Selena. "Behavior such as hers - indeed ill manners such as Meg Ellsworth demonstrated towards you this evening - are not to be tolerated."
Selena was both flattered and comforted by this observation, and spent the better half of the  following hour entranced in conversation with her new best friend, Miss Isabel Abbott.
Meanwhile, the music, laughter, and dancing finally wound down, and the contented guests made their way home by carriage, or by foot, holding lanterns against the pale mist of a crescent moon.
When all had departed, only Hugh Farley remained, fast asleep within an armchair by the fire.
"Perhaps we should set a cap upon his head," remarked Ezra to his wife.
"Whatever for?" she asked with a curious smile.
"To capture all those visions of sugar plums, my dear," he grinned, and then holding up a sprig of  mistletoe, Ezra gave his wife a happy Christmas kiss.



ANOTHER INTERLUDE
Monday, the 3rd of January, 1825
As published in the Liberty Fair Gazette

Reflections through the Ruby Glass
with Lady Rhodri


Imagine, dear friends, my surprise and honor at being quoted during the first assembly of young ladies involved in your upcoming pageant for General Lafayette. I do thank Miss Hester Daniels for considering my quaint reflections worthy of a dramatic retelling.
I was advised of the roles assigned for your theatrical endeavor, and can only remark that the best selections were resolved that day. I do look forward to seeing all the young ladies perform - notably Miss Selena Jenney, who delighted us last November with her touching portrayal of Princess Erilda, and now has the good fortune to represent Rhode Island - a state that myself, as well as our celebrated general, are most particularly fond of.
This past December, I had the distinct honor of meeting Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, better known as the Marquis de Lafayette, when he was in Washington visiting with the President. During this visit, the general was addressed by two Indian chiefs of the Choctaws. Both men spoke eloquently, however, it was noticed that the paramount chief, Pushmataha, seemed solemn and forlorn. He ended his address to Lafayette by saying, "We have clasped your hand and we are satisfied. It is the first time that we will see you, and probably the last." This sad premonition came true, for upon Christmas Eve, this greatest of all native leaders succumbed to croup, and died in our nation's capitol.
Having led his people on our behalf during the second war for American independence, Pushmataha was commissioned into our army as a brigadier general, and has now been awarded a burial with full military honors. He is the first, and perhaps only ever, native chief to rest in our Congressional Cemetery.
While Chief Pushmataha lay dying, he asked Senator Andrew Jackson to go to his people and let them know of his passing. He said that Jackson would walk amongst the paths of flowers, and hear the birds sing, however, he, Pushmataha, would sadly see and hear these no more. This gave me cause to reflect upon the true meaning of the holidays. The simple arrays of nature are far more pleasing than, say, a fully set banquet table  la franaise, or a fancy ball dress made in New York.
I now leave our Capitol for Baltimore, where I will enjoy a delayed New Year's celebration with none but my truest friends. I hope you were all able to do the same.
Until our next glance through the ruby glass, I remain -
LADY RHODRI



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Dramatis personae


Beyond the misted windowpanes, branches bowed by ice trembled in a restless wind, however, inside Larabee's warm, snug tavern, all sixteen young ladies involved in the general's pageant were in attendance for the first reading of the script.
"Ladies, ladies," began Mr. Hewes over the joyous chatter, "shall we be seated, please?"
It took a few moments for everyone to do so, as there were those who simply had to sit together, as well as particular young ladies who did not even wish to be in the same room - prime examples being Selena and Meg.
"First of all, I wish to thank you all for braving the ill winds of winter, and making it here today. Your efforts are commendable."
"I live but a few doors away," confessed Julia Niles.
"As do we," added Savannah Pomroy.
"Father would have walked with us -" began Catherine Quimby.
"But icy paths make him panicky," concluded sister Constance.
"Luckily, my family owns a custom made Albany," boasted Meg. "Mr. James Guild designed it himself, and a painting of our estate is on the back panel."
"We arrived in the same sort of tumbledown cart that dragged Marie Antoinette to her death," quipped Selena, which made everyone giggle.
"Enough, enough," cautioned Mr. Hewes. "Shall we begin?"
The young ladies sat upright in their seats, and happily focused their attention upon their elegantly handsome director.
"Bess Goodwin will be handing out your scripts," Mr. Hewes went on, nodding at Bess to begin. "Once you have yours, please do not read ahead, as I would like for us all to go through the presentation at the same pace."
Despite this request, Flora Kenerson began frantically thumbing through the crisp, new pages.
"Your dialogue will be marked by your own names, as well as your character - for example, you will see Miss Anna Ellsworth - Delaware."
Anna Ellsworth rolled her eyes.
"This perhaps is the best time to explain Miss Anna's presence here. As I was inspired to create the role of American Liberty for Miss Adelia Pomroy, and had instantly envisioned Miss Louisa Jane Jenney as our narrator, the role of Delaware remained open, until Miss Anna graciously accepted it."
A polite round of applause was given to Anna, who unceremoniously continued to scowl.
"As outlined when we first met in mid-December, thirteen of you are representing the original colonies. You will have light areas of dialogue here and there throughout the script, with one concentrated speech to memorize."
"Memorize?" echoed Flora Kenerson.
"Yes, you must commit your spoken words to memory."
"I - I'm not sure I can do that," declared Flora, anxiously.
"Don't worry," said Hester Daniels, "the pageant is six months away in June. You have time."
"And we can help you," offered Julia Niles.
"No, really - I've never memorized anything in my entire life," Miss Kenerson admitted.
"Never?" echoed Constance Quimby.
"Not even a song?" gasped Catherine.
"No, and the thought of it puts me in a complete panic," confessed the girl.
Isabel Abbott slowly stood, squared her shoulders, and addressed Mr. Hewes somberly.
"If she's afraid and nervous now, she won't be any better before the general," Isabel decreed decisively. "Therefore, I propose that I play both roles. Miss Kenerson can help with costuming, or properties, or some other such thing."
Mary Billings stood, made a quick curtsey to Mr. Hewes, and moved gracefully to Flora Kenerson's side.
"I would love to have you, and Miss Niles, and Miss Daniels, over for tea," Mary offered sweetly. "Perhaps the four of us could practice our spoken lines together."
"Really?" asked Flora.
"Absolutely," replied Mary. "You name the day, and I'll have our sleigh sent for you. I'm sure my mother would be delighted, and it would be so much fun."
"That sounds like a solid invitation to stay, Miss Kenerson," smiled Mr. Hewes. "So now, Mr. Merrill, please describe to these ladies how they will be attired."
The tailor stood and clasped his hands, his face animated with excitement.
"Imagine, if you will - you are each arrayed in an elegant robe  l'anglaise, richly fashioned to represent your particular colony, your hair towering with ornaments, and jeweled slippers upon your feet. The general, seated before you, will be greatly impressed by your poise and elegance. You ladies, draped in finery rivaled only by that worn in the courts of Europe, will make our dear village of Liberty Fair most proud!"
"With that superior promise, shall we all turn our scripts to page five, and begin with Louisa Jane Jenney's opening address..."

Due to the weather being less than agreeable, many of the girls had been escorted to Larabee's Tavern by their fathers, who now gathered for some warming libation in the taproom.
"Here's to the group getting far more done without the presence of their mothers," proposed Ezra Larabee, raising his glass.
"That would be your wife he is referring to," implied George Ellsworth to Owen Billings.
"Perhaps," observed Mr. Billings, "although your wife is often a willing accomplice."
"Perhaps," echoed Mr. Ellsworth, "although it is your wife who sets such a bad example."
"Perhaps," replied Mr. Billings, "being cousins in such a lonely country setting, they have nothing better to do than conspire together."
"Perhaps," returned Mr. Ellsworth, "your wife should stay home and keep her meddling nose in her own affairs!"
"Gentlemen," pleaded Mr. Larabee, "let us not quibble amongst ourselves, and particularly about our wives, God bless them."
"To our wives," saluted Mr. Pomroy.
"Hear, hear!" replied Dr. Abbott.
"Hear, hear to the fact mine is away visiting her brother," beamed Harland Crenshaw over his hot brandy punch.
"Hear, hear!" everyone toasted, and laughed.
"Now, about this pageant," began Mr. Crenshaw. "Gideon Merrill mentioned two of the young ladies needing elaborate headpieces. Do you know anything about that, Ezra?"
"Gideon is addressing the group as we speak, and should be back shortly," answered the tavern-keeper. "To be honest, I know nothing about the costuming, Harland. My involvement thus far has been with the script."
"Ah, speaking of which, rumor has it there are roles for us gentlemen. Is this true, Ezra?" inquired Dr. Abbott.
"To a degree, yes, Benjamin, there are approximately six roles for men."
"Then I should like to play George Washington," advised the doctor.
"Actually, I would be best for that honor," declared Mr. Ellsworth.
"Heavens, why?" asked Dr. Abbott.
"Because my name is George."
"Just because our good host here is named Ezra, does this obligate him to play a prophet?"
"There are no prophets in our pageant," interjected Ezra.
"Exactly," replied the doctor pointedly. "Therefore, I should portray George Washington, for I am the tallest."
"I believe that my portraying him would bring a certain romantic aura to the piece," answered Mr. Ellsworth.
"This story takes place on a battlefield, George. Where, and when, is the romance?"
"Lafayette adored Washington," sniffed Mr. Ellsworth.
"That would make for a scorcher of a third act," quipped Martin Jenney.
"I meant like a father," Mr. Ellsworth sighed.
"If we're to go by names at all, perhaps I should portray Thomas Jefferson," offered Jefferson Pomroy.
"Thomas Jefferson?" laughed Harland Crenshaw. "What do you think Thomas Jefferson would be doing in a theater of war - playing his violin?"
"He wrote the Declaration of Independence," argued Mr. Pomroy.
"Yes, but he didn't pen it in front of the guns at Yorktown," retorted the hat maker.
"I still say I should be General Washington, for I am indeed the tallest," repeated Dr. Abbott.
"And I believe I would add more glamour to the role, not to mention a profound depth of feeling," reminded Mr. Ellsworth.
Mr. Jenney raised his hand.
"Perhaps you, Doctor Abbott, should portray Washington in act one, and George here gets a go at it in act two. Then, at the conclusion of the whole dotty thing, let the audience decide by a show of hands whether they preferred height or handsomeness," suggested he.
"Are you implying that you would make a better General Washington, Mr. Jenney?"
"Blast it, no," Mr. Jenney avowed. "If I am forced to play anything, let it be a British spy who was hanged before the prologue."
"In any case, I am sure Mr. Hewes will make the wisest decision as to his General Washington. As for myself, I was hoping to play the Marquis," informed Ezra Larabee.
"That's odd," began Owen Billings, "for my wife is certain I would be the most convincing mature Lafayette, with my son playing the younger."
"Naturally, Garrett should play the youthful Lafayette, however as to the elder, it matters not if they don't look exactly alike. And as your Garrett more resembles your wife -"
At this instant, the gentlemen fell into a heated dispute, with the sole exception of Harland Crenshaw, who wordlessly continued to enjoy his warming punch.
Moments later, rapid footsteps were heard from the hall, and Gideon Merrill appeared in the taproom doorway in a pronounced state of agitation.
"Gentlemen! We can hear you bickering all the way down the hall," said he, before turning on his heel, and leaving in a huff.
"Bring back the mothers," muttered Ezra Larabee over his tankard of ale.



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
The ides of March


Mid-March, 1825
My Dearest Cousin Lydia - 
You must forgive me for not writing sooner, but what a bear of a winter this has been.
This pageant for General Lafayette, which I previously described to you with anticipations of great joy, has disintegrated into something quite ridiculous - so ridiculous in fact, that I hardly know where to begin.
We Jenney girls are doing well with our dialogue and movement of the piece - what else would you expect from the offspring of an actress? Louisa Jane, in particular, has the most to say in the entire production, as well as the most complicated, for her spoken phrases are broken up around our longer - (and sadly somewhat dull) - speeches. However, I am proud to say that Louisa Jane was the first of our group to commit her material to memory. She really is a wonder.
Miss Flora Kenerson, on the other hand - (she is the blacksmith's daughter) - cannot summon up a single word of what she is supposed to say. How frustrating it is when our play practice rolls smoothly along up until the exact moment Miss Kenerson is required to speak. This creates an oppressive silence that is punctuated only by our impatient sighs and her complete look of panic. In the general's eyes, she is bound to appear like a overwhelmed simpleton trembling before a lit cannon.
Our costumes are being made, and I cannot wait to see mine. Gideon Merrill, the tailor, is trying to fashion my attire after a gown the wife of General Nathanael Greene wore when she danced with George Washington at Valley Forge. To inquire of its design, Mr. Merrill wrote a letter to Mrs. Knox in Thomaston, Maine. Mrs. Knox, wife of the late General Henry Knox, had organized the Valley Forge dances, and it was Mr. Merrill's hope she might recall something about Mrs. Greene's dress. Sadly, however, Mrs. Knox passed away last June, so Mr. Merrill will now be using his own inventiveness, which he claims has been exhausted beyond belief by this exasperating project.
For example, Hester Daniels, who portrays Pennsylvania, is begging not to measured for her costume until her winter weight "melts off,"and Lorena Crenshaw has become insufferable, insisting that her attire should be the finest, as she is representing Virginia. What this means to us residing in New Hampshire, I cannot be certain - nor do I particularly care. It is all quite aggravating.
Speaking of Miss Crenshaw, her father is the hatter here, and has been commissioned to make two headpieces for the production. One is for Miss Adelia Pomroy to wear as American Liberty, and the other for her sister Savannah to adorn as Glorious France. Mr. Crenshaw is taking this assignment to absurd heights by making these pieces too large to fit through doorways. Where this will end is anyone's guess.
Another happening to guess at is the arrival of Miss Tamsey Nettleton of Georgia. She is cousin to my dear friend, Miss Isabel Abbott, and has been sent here by her parents in order to remove their daughter from what is being called "an unwise match." Miss Nettleton declares she couldn't keep the young man in question from hovering around her like a silly bee, even if he was engaged to another - and if any other silly miss couldn't hold on to her man, it wasn't her fault. In any event, we adore having her here. Tamsey is a high-spirited, fun-loving young woman, and the underlying opinion is that she should replace Julia Niles, the newspaperman's daughter, who plays her Georgia character like a snob dowager suppressing the urge to belch.
You may wonder at my mother's doings in all of this. It will amaze you to discover that my mother, your aunt, has been a blessed saint in comparison to certain other young ladies' mothers. Mr. Hewes, from time to time, will have my mother instruct on proper articulation and posture upon the stage. Mamma performs her task, and sits silently, while some other mothers are positive whirlwinds of destruction. Mrs. Billings, for example, constantly resounds with a hideous shriek whenever her daughter Mary becomes hidden behind all the others - (as if Mary's tiny, little voice isn't hidden enough) - and Meg Ellsworth's mother believes herself to be Shakespeare's equal in all things. This has resulted in us having two directors - Mr. Hewes, who works quietly alongside us, and Mrs. Ellsworth, who barks out corrections and opinions from her distant seat in the semidarkness. When I hear her, I easily imagine what it must have been like in the far-off universe while the world was being created. In those rare instances they are not admonishing us how Mary is being obstructed, or that our actions are incorrect, these two ladies - (who are also cousins) - bicker endlessly about which of them should portray Martha Washington. Irritating indeed.
This tiresome drama finally came to a close when Mr. Hewes decreed that the only other participants allowed at our rehearsals hence will be the spinster, Miss Hartwell, who is instructing the French and Latin passages of the play, Mamma, and our Bess, who helps with all sorts of bits and bobs, as father calls it.
As for my own personal drama, nothing much has progressed with my Mr. Hewes since my last letter. One day it seems he is fascinated by my every word, and yet the next, he appears strangely aloof. It is hard to explain, and vexing at best. I can at least vow that his attentions towards Meg Ellsworth have cooled considerably, and the lonely girl is miserable, which only makes Isabel and myself rock with laughter behind the scenes at play practices. Meg Ellsworth has been nothing but cruel to me, and deserves all she gets. I am sorry to feel this way about someone who was once my truest friend, but there you have it.
I will write again in a few weeks when the weather, and perhaps Mr. Hewes' heart, will hopefully gain some ardor.
Yours affectionately -
Selena



CHAPTER NINETEEN
Thin ice


To bid a cheery farewell to winter's final hours, Selena organized an afternoon skating party and issued invitations via whispers carelessly shared with all but her once dear friend, Meg.
The day of the party could not have been better arranged. The skies were pink and orange, and quite picturesque, and the winds gratefully gentle, making the afternoon somewhat spring-like for positive minded people.
Each family brought an offering for the food table, which was fashioned out of planks and sawhorses within a makeshift hut. The Larabees rounded out this sumptuous feast with ales and punch for the grownups, and hot chocolate for the young ladies. Earlier in the day, Selena and Louisa Jane had adorned the logs with comfortable, bright cushions. To add to the festivities, Owen Billings made the  surprise gesture of engaging a few musicians to play skating tunes. It was a jovial setting, and Selena was in her element as hostess.
There were those who would only sit, and those who wished to make the most of winter's last    grasp upon the diminishing ice. To Selena's greatest joy, Mr. Hewes partnered her for a first run on the glassy river, noting that certain areas might be unsafe for such a treasured young lady to encroach. They skated well together upon the cloud-colored ice. From the sidelines, Tilda Sanborn was remarking what a handsome couple they made; Selena was sure of it. This was a day sent from heaven, and Selena's face, framed by her beautiful burgundy calash, glowed with happiness.
Isabel had brought her cousin Tamsey, who humored everyone with her histrionic rants about the New England chill. "The only cold thing in the south is my would-be mother-in-law's heart," she concluded to her fellow spectators shivering upon the logs.
Tamsey then turned her rapt attention to Hugh Farley, who was eagerly exhibiting his skating skills upon the ice.
"Now, he's a fine young fellow," decided Tamsey. "What are his particular ideals and pursuits?"
Charlotte, being part of the group, struggled to refrain from mentioning that Hugh Farley's only ideal was to pursue as many women as was humanly possible.
"He is a fetching devil, if I do say so myself," declared Miss Nettleton.
"Would you like to meet him?" offered Mr. Larabee, ever the host.
"If my poor little Georgian heart could withstand the pleasure," drawled Tamsey with a voice as sweet as sugar.
Frankly, Charlotte could see little in Hugh Farley's face, or indeed within his character, to recommend him. True, he did have an impish grin and a playful stare, however, what woman in her right mind would want to align herself with such a dreadful flirt?
"Miss Tamsey Nettleton," Charlotte could hear Mr. Larabee saying, "this is master Hugh Farley."
"Miss Nettleton," replied Hugh, with a grandiose bow.
"Simply charmed," returned Tamsey, with an annoying giggle.
Mr. Larabee then suggested Hugh might teach Miss Tamsey how to skate.
"I would be honored," breathed Hugh, for he was smitten with this new and vivacious face which did not glare back at him with obvious disdain, such as Miss Charlotte was doing at present.
"Then lead the way, knowledgeable sir," beamed Tamsey. "Just be gentle. I am a novice."
As the two strolled arm in arm towards the riverbank, the older ladies shook their heads and wagged their tongues about how the younger generation was becoming far too fast for their own good. Huddled by the bonfire, their punch and gossip made for added warmth.
Meanwhile, Garrett Billings made his appearance over the wooded hill, turning out precisely where Mary Sparling stood apart from the rest, quietly observing the various scenes set before her.
"Miss Sparling," he said, sounding not very surprised to see her.
"Mr. Billings," she thus replied coolly.
"It has been a while since we last met."
"Has it?" was Mary's pointedly ambiguous response.
"The Larabee's Christmas Eve ball, I believe."
"Oh, yes," Mary sighed deliberately. "You were there to debate, not dance."
"My mother's doing, I'm afraid."
"And I suppose you have not come to skate, but are here instead to settle the dispute between your father and Mr. Larabee."
"Whatever do you mean, Miss Sparling?"
"They are quibbling over the role of the elder Lafayette."
"Again?" groaned Garrett. "How long have they been at it this time?"
"I would estimate five cups of punch now, rapidly approaching six," Mary responded flatly.
"I do not understand this play-acting business," proclaimed Garrett. "For something that is supposed to be fun, I sense a great deal of underhanded, malicious, cutthroat nonsense."
"I like play-acting," snapped Mary defensively.
"Being a typical female, you would," surmised Garrett, and with a swift bow, he moved off in the direction of his mother.
"Oh! You impossible, insufferable man!" expressed Mary, stomping her foot.
"Whatever are you saying?" Mary heard a voice speak, and turning, she saw Charlotte and Louisa Jane.
"I was - I was upset with Garrett Billings," confessed the blushing Mary.
"That was easily perceived," returned Charlotte, gently.
"I would have been bolder, had I thought of something more piercing to say," admitted Mary.
"Between our mother's bawdy Shakespeare, and our father's rapid retorts, very few moments go unheralded in our household," observed Louisa Jane, matter-of-factually.
"If I may ask, what did Garrett do to deserve your wrath this time?" questioned Charlotte.
"What doesn't he do?" exclaimed Mary. "First of all, he is a fool who babbles on about nothing."
"A pribbling mooncalf," supplied Louisa Jane.
"Fitting when you think about it," declared Charlotte, "being that he grew up on a cattle farm."
"Whenever I attempt a word in edgeways, Garrett Billings runs off to see his mother."
"He is always running to his mother," confirmed Charlotte. 
"Which makes him, in our parents' eyes, a fawning, fool-born, milksop," added Louisa Jane.
"He stubbornly believes himself right, no matter what," complained Mary.
"A bull-brained mumpsimus," defined Louisa Jane. "Father adores that one."
"He is self-centered, pompous, and vain," exclaimed Mary. "Have you noticed how he is constantly glancing at himself in the glass?"
"A preening, foppish, dizzy-eyed, popinjay," nodded Louisa Jane.
"When all the while, he is a positive coward," said Mary.
"What our father laughingly calls a lily-livered poltroon," jested Louisa Jane.
"In any event, I am through with Garrett Billings," Mary announced, folding her arms decisively.
"Now wait a moment, Mary, for he appears to be coming back this way," observed Charlotte.
"No! - really?" squealed Mary, rapidly dismissing her most recent resolve.
"For truth, Mary. Turn and see."
For certain, he was. The three girls watched as Garrett Billings approached them, an odd, almost comical expression upon his face.
"Why do you suppose he looks like that?" whispered Charlotte.
"Perhaps he requires the definition of a mooncalf," murmured Louisa Jane.
"Then all he needs is that looking glass he's forever peering into," surmised Mary.
"He is good-looking, Mary," argued Charlotte.
"Do you truly think so, Charlotte?" breathed Mary.
"Yes, Mary, and I do feel quite positive that you-"
The three paused in alarm when Garrett was abruptly halted by the conniving little Lorena Crenshaw.
"Oh, Garrett, I am so cold," Miss Crenshaw whined prettily. "Please sit with me awhile, and make me forget my abject miseries."
Garrett did his best to walk Lorena in the direction of Mary and the Jenney girls, but the diminutive miss would have none of that. With a firm tug upon his arm, Lorena led Garrett to the other side of the cove, despite this location being a perceptible distance from the warming bonfire. This gave the older women even more to bewail about, and poor Mary another solid reason to seethe.
Out upon the ice, the ambitious Tamsey Nettleton had managed to maneuver herself, and thus the ever-persistent Hugh, to the river's center where Mr. Hewes and Selena stood conversing. Selena was not particularly pleased to have their intrusion, but put on her prettiest smile all the same. It would not do to appear peevish and sulky next to Miss Nettleton's doe-eyed, bubbly demeanor.
"Oh, Mr. Hewes!" uttered Tamsey ever so affably. "I'm so eager to have this opportunity to chat with you privately on a matter of the utmost importance."
Mr. Hewes, all politeness, turned his attention to Miss Nettleton.
"This little stage show you're putting on - well, kind sir, I'll get straight to the point. Wouldn't it be wiser to have an actual Georgia girl play a Georgia girl?"
Mr. Hewes hesitated ever so slightly, searching for just the right thing to say - while at this same time, a figure could be seen skating towards them from Ellsworth cove. Selena bit her lip, and narrowed her brow, convinced it was Meg. She glanced furtively at Mr. Hewes' face, and saw that same recognition within his eyes. Her heart fluttered and sank.
Mr. Hewes uncharacteristically fumbled with his words for a moment, and then addressed Tamsey.
"Had we been made aware of your visit, Miss Nettleton, we might have rearranged the story to accommodate you," he offered politely. "However, as of this date, Miss Niles is doing very nicely with the role."
Selena desperately wished to move away from Meg's impending arrival, but Tamsey Nettleton would not be hushed.
"Then I'm afraid you've never been to Georgia," the forthright Miss Nettleton was saying. "For if you had, sir, you'd realize that none of us lovely southern gals are the rusty old ramrods Miss Niles is portraying us to be. As a matter of fact, we are quite the opposite -"
Isabel Abbott had also glided up to Selena with a worried look upon her face, for she, too, had witnessed Meg Ellsworth emerging from the cove. Now everyone, except the chattering Tamsey, seemed to be watching Meg Ellsworth's steadfast approach.
"While I am certain all young southern ladies are, without a doubt, charming, Miss Nettleton, I believe our best avenue is to -"
In a foggy gray blur of an instant, Meg's arms flew up in the air and she collapsed through the skeletal ice.
"Oh, let her be," said Selena in a voice that was strangely not her own.
Naturally, no one heeded her. Mr. Hewes dashed towards Meg so swiftly, Selena barely saw him leave. Hugh Farley sped off too, as did Garrett Billings. People were shouting and scurrying about, rushing to the river's edge with blankets and coats. Even the hired musicians had dropped their instruments, scrambling as best they could across the slick and unstable ice towards the helpless Miss Ellsworth.
"I've never seen anything so disgustingly deliberate in my life," vowed Isabel Abbott.
Selena replied not a word. Instead, she moved mechanically towards the shore, removed her skates, and went to her bedchamber, where, in the diminishing twilight, she sat staring at her reflection with the oddest sensation of feeling nothing at all.
An hour or so later, Charlotte appeared at her door.
"Meg will recover. I wanted you to know that," said she.
Selena gave no response.
"She had quite a scare, actually. It was deeper where she went through than anyone previously thought. Mr. Hewes, Garrett, and Hugh got her safely home, and in her mother's care."
Still not a word did Selena utter.
"I'm afraid your little skating party has broken up. No one is staying for supper. As a matter of fact, nearly all our guests have removed themselves to the Ellsworths. Julia Niles told me that Mr. Hewes intends to stay outside Meg's door until Doctor Abbott pronounces her on the mend. So, all in all, you could not have effected a more ill-fated ending to your tender little love story."
A single tear cascaded down Selena's cheek- a tear Charlotte imagined was shed for the loss of Mr. Hewes alone.
"Selena, I try my best not to judge, and we all have our faults, to be sure. However, on this point I will not remain silent. Since the start of your alliance with Isabel Abbott, you have become a monster. You are uncaring, obstinate, selfish, and cruel. You are now someone I care not to know."
Selena continued to stare vacantly at her impassive image in the glass.
"If you believe these to be the irresistible qualities necessary to captivate Mr. Hewes' heart, think again, dear sister, think very hard. If anything, your efforts have merely motivated him to be where he is right now - at Meg Ellsworth's side. You have repulsed the one good man you esteemed above all others, and lost forever your truest friend. Even your own family despises the person you have chosen to become. Does all this mean anything to you?"
Charlotte was answered with silence.
"When you are ready to be the bright, happy sister I once knew, you will be welcomed back with open arms."
Charlotte closed the door.



CHAPTER TWENTY
April showers


Although her plummet into the icy waters was of short duration, the overall effect on Meg's life was acutely profound.
Meg knew it had been sheer resentment and envy that drove her to intrude upon Selena's party. Yes, perhaps it had been childish of Selena not to invite her, however, Meg viewed the exclusion in an entirely different light. Meg realized she had become vain and intolerable. She treated her cast mates with contempt, and sadly mimicked what she most disliked in her own mother. 
While Meg shook and shivered under Dr. Abbott's fretful eye, while her mother snapped out nervous commands, and even her cynical sister Anna looked anxious - and above all, while Mr. Hewes waited impatiently outside her bedroom door - Meg heard her own voice taunting endlessly inside her feverish head, echoing all the dreadful things she had either said, or done, to others.
She had boasted about the frivolous things her family possessed, and others did not, such as a fancy cutter sleigh, or a formal party dress. Why, even the mysterious Lady Rhodri had commented upon her pitiful conceit, and for this, Meg was deeply ashamed. She had laughed behind the backs of decent young women, such as Flora Kenerson, or Hester Daniels, ignorantly preferring the false company of shallow Lorena Crenshaw, or the inanely irksome Isabel Abbott.
Meg reasoned that this loathsome, headstrong behavior had all been for the want of Alonzo Hewes. However, it was this foolhardy air of conducting herself that nearly lost his affections. Of this, Meg was convinced.
So it was, sequestered beneath several blankets within her warm bed by the fire, Meg vowed to become a better person. Her very inspiration had been pacing to and fro outside her door for much of that long, thought-provoking evening. Reviving the kind and gracious manner she had consistently been known for - being the genuine, caring young woman she had always been glad to be - would most assuredly win him back. The only concession to this new found conviction was that she could never associate with Selena Jenney again. Selena had been trying to steal Mr. Hewes away. She was not a true friend.
Feeling that the worst was over, Meg sighed, and closed her eyes to rest. 
The next morning, Mr. Hewes returned with one of Meg's gloves that had been dropped by the riverbank. Although he was permitted only but a brief visit by her doorway, Meg smiled and spoke to  him in a tone that hinted of her sweetly restored nature. Mr. Hewes visited every day of her continuing recovery, proving to Meg that her heart's beliefs were correct. Some men may fancy saucy girls who spoke their minds, such as her forsaken friend Selena always did, but the fascination was typically short-lived, and they certainly never married them.
Meg was pleased.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
May flowers


The palette of the sky had ebbed from bitter gray to angel blue, emerald tufts of grass were barreling through the sluggish brown earth, and bright little buds were bursting about the vines. A colorful spring had arrived once more to Liberty Fair, bringing as it always did, promises of warmth and cheer for all who would turn their faces to her reviving glow.
While most of the townsfolk were within, debating final plans for the general's pageant, Selena sat on the porch of Larabee's Tavern with her sister Charlotte. Charlotte would have preferred to listen to the discussions inside, however, she knew that Selena's silence spelled a heavy sadness, and she did not wish to leave her doleful sister feeling so alone.
"Seven months ago, at this very place, I endured my best friend bragging about her love for Mr. Hewes," sighed Selena while aimlessly studying the tender vines trailing in strength upon the painted rails. "Since then, I have known misery and joy, triumph and defeat, and a thousand other changes within my ever-wavering heart. You were correct, Charlotte, in saying I had not been myself. Indeed, there were times I did not recognize in the least what I had become."
"You were just a young woman in love," comforted Charlotte.
"If this is the spectacle love creates, then I will definitely avoid its next presentation," Selena vowed. 
"You couldn't help some of the things you did."
"Oh, but I should have. Do you believe for an instant that Mary Billings would behave in such a manner? Mary Billings, who is the sweetest, dearest creature on earth."
"Despite having the mother she does," reminded Charlotte.
"All the more reason she is an angel. As for me, once this pageant is finally finished and done, I will be asking father and mamma if I may go and visit cousin Lydia for awhile."
"Throughout the summer?" questioned Charlotte.
Selena nodded. "If not longer."
"But I will miss you so in the fine weather," pleaded Charlotte. "What about all the things we love to do - planting flowers, and our walks about the riverbanks - not to mention our silly little handmade sailboat races?"
"Those are things we did with Meg Ellsworth, and I do believe her summer will be taken up by far more pleasant details. An engaged girl has scarce time for leisurely strolls and childish paper boats."
"Meg Ellsworth is not engaged to Mr. Hewes," reminded Charlotte.
"Oh, but they soon will be. Since that disastrous skating party - since that horrid day I behaved so abominably - Mr. Hewes and Meg Ellsworth have been inseparable. Whenever rehearsals struck a difficult moment, all Mr. Hewes needed to do was to look at Meg, and then he would be smiling again, and so very happy. I know when I have been completely crushed, Charlotte. All I want now is for this wretched production to be over with."
At that precise moment, the Quimby twins appeared, practically vaulting up the porch steps, both brightly dressed and noisily chatting.
"Charlotte and Selena," began Catherine.
"Whatever are you doing out here?" finished Constance.
"I have no interest in this particular meeting," said Selena.
"But why?" asked Constance.
"Good heavens," added Catherine.
"This production has been such fun," concluded Constance.
"For you perhaps," answered Charlotte with a bittersweet smile. "From what we can gather, everyone is in such a dither over last minute details, such as the costumes, the music, the scenery -"
"Oh, then you haven't heard the worst of it," hinted Catherine, with a sly grin.
"Apparently, they have not," surmised Constance, equally amazed.
"What has gone wrong now?" asked Selena blandly.
The twins glanced at one another before continuing.
"Meg Ellsworth quit the show," revealed Constance.
"Yes, just up and quit," laughed Catherine.
"Just like that," attested Constance with a snap of her fingers.
A jolt of raw nerves surged through Selena so swiftly, she nearly stood.
"Whatever do you mean?" asked Charlotte cautiously.
"She ended things with Mr. Hewes," Catherine announced.
"No, Catherine, you have that altogether wrong. Mr. Hewes ended things with her."
"Julia Niles told me quite confidentially that it was Meg who broke it off."
"To the contrary, after I vowed I wouldn't breathe a word of it, Anna Ellsworth told me everything that happened - and she should know, being Meg's sister."
"Sisters tell hideous untruths," insisted Catherine, "especially about their own sisters."
"And Julia Niles knows this how? Has she become the Ellsworths' new parlormaid?"
"Please tell me what happened," interjected Selena. "Either - or both - stories will do."
"I will tell it, as my version is the correct one," declared Constance, and she cleared her throat. "Now, we all know Mr. Hewes has been sweet on Meg Ellsworth since the moment he arrived."
"No, sister, things cooled considerably when the production started."
"That was merely your imagination at work, Catherine, and we all know how fogbound your minuscule brain can be."
"With due respect, Constance, I know Mr. Hewes was interested in someone else," replied Catherine, looking directly at Selena, whose own heart was about to leap madly out of her chest.
"Go on," implored Selena.
"When Meg managed to fall through the ice, well, that somehow seemed to secure Mr. Hewes' undying devotion. We all saw that, and we've been expecting to hear their engagement announced any day now. Anna told me that her mother even discussed having Meg's wedding gown and trousseau made in Paris. Having your clothes made in France makes it all vastly serious, to be sure."
"Yes, yes, go on," prompted Charlotte, noticing that her own sister had grown quite pale.
"Then suddenly, Mr. Hewes appears one day at Ellsworth, and without a hint of warning, announces that the true feelings of his heart are pledged elsewhere."
"Pledged elsewhere?" echoed Charlotte.
"Yes," replied Catherine rather pointedly, "perhaps Mr. Hewes realized what he gave up that afternoon on the ice."
"Are you sure of this?" breathed Selena.
"Positive," replied Catherine.
"Absolutely," confirmed Constance, "and if you don't believe me, here comes Anna Ellsworth. You can ask her yourself."
Anna Ellsworth, who really was a lovely looking girl behind her perpetual frown, had now appeared upon the porch.
"Anna," began Charlotte, "is it true your sister has left the production?"
"Indeed she has," affirmed Anna. "Of course, I am not allowed to withdraw from this worthless show - oh, no! Meg can run like a frightened rabbit at the first tremor of a heartache, however, I am advised of the necessity of seeing something through to the finish - me, who desired nothing to do with this doltish play to begin with."
Charlotte and Selena glanced at one another, wildly attempting to digest this unfathomable news.
"If that's all, I'm going in now," said Anna before turning and continuing her diatribe in a louder tone towards the open street. "I'm sure Mr. Hewes is hiding in the bushes somewhere, just waiting for me to be out of sight so he doesn't have to say for the hundredth time how sorry he is. It's annoying, and little does that tiresome man know, I couldn't care less. I'm glad Alonzo Hewes is out of our lives. Now Meg can get back to the business of marrying Garrett, and not leave it all up to me to save the foolish farm. I can promise you this, had it come down to me having to marry Garrett, I would have been the one jumping in the river."
With that concluded, Anna, Catherine, and Constance marched inside the tavern.
"Well, what do you make of that?" questioned Charlotte, somewhat in a daze.
"I am - astonished," admitted Selena.
"Are you still going to Cousin Lydia's once this wretched pageant is done, dear sister?"
"Not on your life," stated Selena.
"What a difference a day makes," remarked Charlotte.
"A day? Think more a minute," laughed Selena. "Perhaps we should go in."
"I believe I could go in, and you should wait here," suggested Charlotte.
"Whatever for?"
"If Mr. Hewes is indeed hiding in the hedgerow, perhaps you should greet him with words of comfort, and make your entrance upon his arm. After all, Mr. Hewes might be grateful for a protector when facing the formidable army of Ellsworths in that room."
"You are always thinking, Charlotte," smiled Selena.
"The events of these past few months have inspired a great deal of thought," determined Charlotte with a sigh, and she went inside to the meeting.
Selena stood and sat several times, adjusting her dress, her hair, and the anxious look upon her face. It seemed an endless hour, however, only minutes later, the Sanborns' coach appeared before the steps of the inn, and Alonzo Hewes alighted first, in order to assist his aunts. To Selena's eyes, and to the erratic fluttering of her heart, he had never appeared more handsome.
"Miss Selena!" beamed the ecstatic Miss Tilda. "How marvelous to see you!"
"Our nephew here claims that you are the most accomplished performer in his play," boasted Miss Tess.
"Naturally," said Tilda. "Her mother is a dancer."
"An actress," corrected Tess.
"No, a singer," revised Tilda.
"An actress!" repeated Tess.
"And a lady," added Mr. Hewes with a smile. "Miss Selena, why are you waiting out here?"
"I - I," Selena faltered.
"Perhaps she wanted to see you," said Miss Tess to her nephew, as she put her arm through Tilda's. "Come, sister, I'm sure all the front row seats are taken, and we shall have to beat away the squatters with a very large stick."
"What just happened?" questioned Tilda vaguely.
"The wonders of spring," answered Tess, leading Tilda through the doorway.
"Miss Jenney," began Mr. Hewes, but that was all.
"Mr. Hewes," returned Selena, with downcast eyes.
"I have such wondrous news to share with you - I don't know where to begin."
"Oh," Selena gasped ever so lightly, and she sat before her legs gave out. Mr. Hewes sat down next to her.
"When I left Wales, I must confess, I was under the cloud of a terribly broken heart. Only my sister knew - not my parents, nor my aunts - only Cora. She convinced me to come here and remove myself from the memories, the hurt, and the pain. Dear Cora - she is so young, and yet so knowing. Well, she was right. My time here has miraculously healed all wounds -"
The door swung wide and Mr. Larabee appeared.
"Mr. Hewes, we are all awaiting you."
Selena and Mr. Hewes stood.
"We will talk later," whispered Mr. Hewes, offering Selena his arm.
"With pleasure," proclaimed Selena quietly, and together, they went inside.



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
The lottery


"Thank you all for coming," Mr. Larabee expressed to the agitated crowd assembled in his Ascutney Room. "We have arrived at the turning point with our pageant for General Lafayette - only twenty-nine days until the actual production, as a matter of fact. Exhilarating - and frightening - all at the same time, I know. So, with that in mind, does anyone have any questions or concerns?"
Literally everyone raised their hands.
"Perhaps we should start with the first chair here, and work our way around the room," offered Ezra, indicating the first to speak. "Dr. Benjamin Abbott."
"Thank you, Mr. Larabee. Now, as I have been chosen to play General George Washington -"
With this came a disconcerted grumble from George Ellsworth.
"As I have wisely been chosen to play General George Washington," the doctor asserted, "There is only a minor concern with my costume. I believe my sash is the wrong color blue."
This complaint was met with another equally amusing groan from George Ellsworth.
"Mr. Merrill, do you feel we might be able to change the blue sash before the twenty-seventh of June?"
"Yes, that can be done," nodded the tailor, making a note, and glancing at Mr. Ellsworth, who  elected not to grouse a third time.
"Now, Miss Elaine Abbott," smiled Mr. Larabee.
Elaine stood, folded her pretty hands, and bowed her head in greeting about the room.
"Hello, everyone. We've been working for weeks to find a song our guest has not as yet heard. Mr. Niles wrote to several of the newspapers in the cities and towns General Lafayette has visited, and they responded with the titles performed at his receptions. Our findings indicate that everything I practiced has already been done. I'm really at a loss as to what I should sing now. Does anyone have a suggestion?"
Vivian Hartwell raised her hand and stood.
"Perhaps we might select a French song, and I could help you with the pronunciations," she proposed, amiably.
"That would be wonderful, thank you," smiled Elaine, before sitting again.
"Aw," whispered Patrick Henry to Michael Niles, seated beside him, "not only will I have to stomach even more of my sister's screeching and wailing, now it will be in stupid French."
"Mrs. Abbott," said Mr. Larabee.
"Yes, who was selected to host the luncheon for the general?" Mrs. Abbott asked, which prompted a fair amount of murmuring from the assembly.
"The Ellsworths," replied Mr. Larabee, which encouraged Dr. Abbott to grumble loudest above the increased comments flying about the room.
"With all due respect, why was not anyone else considered?" questioned Mrs. Abbott.
"The Ellsworths' name was drawn out of a hat."
"It must have been a very small hat," observed Mrs. Abbott, sitting down in a huff.
"Miss Isabel Abbott," sighed Mr. Larabee.
"I merely wish to point out that some of the performers do not as yet know their dialogue."
"Thank you, Miss Abbott. I'm sure Mr. Hewes and Mr. Niles will contend with such minor issues. Ah, Mrs. Pomroy."
"My daughters are experiencing great difficulty balancing those rather colossal - and extremely awkward - costume pieces upon their heads."
"Are you calling my designs awkward?" blurted out Mr. Crenshaw.
"No, of course not," answered Mr. Larabee.
"I'm not asking you, Ezra, I'm asking Mrs. Pomroy - that priggish woman over there who has never ordered, nor indeed ever worn, one of my hats."
"Everyone has the right to choose their own hats, Harland," said Mr. Larabee calmly.
"I do apologize for any hurt feelings, Mr. Crenshaw," stated the lady. "However, the plain fact is that my daughters cannot take a step without those towering, clumsy concoctions falling off their heads."
"Now she's calling my creations clumsy!" exclaimed Mr. Crenshaw to no one in particular.
"Yes, dear, we all heard her," confirmed Mrs. Crenshaw, absentmindedly patting her husband's arm.
"Begging your pardon, Mrs. Pomroy, but it's because they walk incorrectly," advised Mr. Merrill.
"Walk incorrectly?" echoed the lady.
"Undeniably. So many young ladies today possess the sorry habit of mimicking circus apes when they move."
This naturally provoked a burst of reaction from the crowd.
"Indeed, sir?" fumed Mrs. Pomroy.
"Indeed, madam," asserted Mr. Merrill. "I would be happy to instruct your daughters as to the proper way to stand and walk at the very next rehearsal."
"Upon my word," proclaimed Mrs. Pomroy as she sat.
"Mm-hmm," replied Mr. Merrill, simply.
"Mr. Quimby," said Mr. Larabee, wiping at the sweat upon his brow.
"What will my younger girls be wearing as presenters - or whatever it is you labeled those paltry roles without any noticeable dialogue," whined Mr. Quimby.
"The girls will be dressed entirely in classic white," explained Mr. Merrill.
"How tragically dull," griped the shopkeeper.
"Mrs. Billings," said Mr. Larabee, doing his best to maintain a hint of a smile upon his face.
"Yes, who exactly pulled the Ellsworths' name for the general's luncheon?"
Mr. Niles answered this one.
"Lady Rhodri," he acknowledged brightly.
"Lady Rhodri?"
"Correct, madam."
"Lady Rhodri was here?"
"Yes."
"When?"
"She passed through on her way to Canada."
"And when was this, Mr. Niles?"
"Whatever day it was we drew the names, Mrs. Billings."
"Who is she, this Lady Rhodri? And please do not say a lady, Mr. Niles, for you have provided that disturbingly vague response once already."
"Lady Rhodri is a writer of European extraction, Mrs. Billings."
"And will she be here for the pageant, Mr. Niles?"
"Very likely," smiled the newspaperman.
Mr. Larabee took Mrs. Billings' moment of puzzled silence as a most opportune time to move on.
Flora Kenerson claimed the shoulders of her dress were too big, and Hester Daniels complained her skirts were too small. Julia Niles' hem had come loose, and Lorena Crenshaw had an adverse reaction to the intricate lace at her throat. The list of grievances with the costuming became so ponderous that Mr. Merrill appeared in danger of losing what little hair he had left.
"Ah, we do have some good news to impart," Mr. Larabee revealed. "As we speak, Ned Abbott is on his way home for his summer sojourn from Harvard, and much to the satisfaction of our play writing team, has agreed to portray Brigadier General Charles O'Hara."
Charlotte was delighted beyond description. Patrick Henry Abbott, on the other hand, was not.
"Michael Niles and me were promised we could shoot up lobsterbacks," protested Patrick Henry, "and so far, we haven't practiced."
"I'm not sure how you boys fell under the impression we would be firing guns at innocent actors, however, that is not in our script," informed Mr. Niles.
"Boring," mumbled his own son, Michael.
"Another favorable announcement is that Mr. Quimby and Mr. Merrill have volunteered to manage the sides of the stage during the production, and we thank them for that."
A lukewarm round of applause was enacted, barely concealing the regrets both gentlemen now vehemently expressed over making such an offer.
"Last, but not least, due to Miss Meg Ellsworth's decision not to continue with the pageant, Miss Julia Niles will take on the responsibility of representing Connecticut, and Miss Tamsey Nettleton will step into Miss Niles' role of Georgia."
"Mamma, what am I playing again?" little Natalie Abbott was heard to ask.
"You are a costumed presenter," replied her mother.
"I'm not sure I know what that is," said Natalie.
"Neither do we," declared her father.
"And why isn't the general having luncheon with us?" Natalie questioned with big, sad eyes.
"I imagine you'll have to ask Lady Rhodri," claimed her mother.
"Who is Lady Rhodri?" inquired the little girl.
"I am wondering the same thing," asserted Mrs. Billings.
Mr. Billings stood.
"With so little time remaining until our pageant, I would like to know who has been selected to play the elder Lafayette."
"Oh, dear Lord," groaned Garrett.
"Actually, Owen, that role has been granted to Mr. Larabee," disclosed Mr. Niles, as Mr. Larabee sopped at his own brow once more.
"Really?" retorted Mr. Billings. "And when was I to be told - perhaps the day before the production?"
"Father, -" began Garrett.
"Perhaps that foreign upstart, Lady Rhodri, dictated the casting of Lafayette as well?"
"Father, please - " persisted Garrett.
"How many glasses of Rattle Skull Punch were necessary to obtain that particular vote?"
"Father, I must insist -" Garrett sighed.
"While I sympathize with your sense of discouragement, Mr. Billings, we do feel the best choices were made when assigning roles in this pageant," argued Mr. Niles gently.
The anticipated scathing scoff was heard from George Ellsworth.
"Mr. Larabee," began little Effie Randall, as she stood to be seen and heard from the fifth row. "Perhaps I don't understand all this fuss about ill-fitting costumes, or why a simple song cannot be heard twice. In my day, you wore what you were told, and as for singing, well, a gentleman should graciously sit through anything presented by a pretty girl - provided it doesn't have as many verses as Paradise Lost - in which case, he should simply pretend to have a sudden attack of dysentery and bolt."
Miss Randall's imagery ignited a great deal of laughter.
"I'm also scratching my head as to what is so darned special about pretending to be George Washington. And as for that Lafayette fellow, well, you do know he courted me."
"Miss Randall, I believe we established -"
"I'm not through, Ezra. I just wanted to say that some of us in this room are acting mighty silly over things. So, let's all take a deep breath, and do our best to work together on this worthwhile endeavor."
"Nicely put, Miss Randall," smiled Mr. Larabee.
"Thank you, Ezra. Now, in conclusion, I have another item for your pageant that is sure to please you this time. Here is my grandfather's powder horn from Fort Ticonderoga, dated 1759."
"With the utmost respect for your grandfather, Miss Randall, your cherished relic is from a time when the French were not fighting with us, but against us."
"I wish those blasted Frenchies would make up their minds," muttered Effie before flopping back down on her seat.
"Mr. Larabee," began Mr. Pomroy in that particular tone he reserved for addressing the opposition in court. "I was preponderantly shocked and dismayed to discover some rather distressing information this morning regarding our village center."
"And what might that be, Mr. Pomroy?" queried Mr. Larabee in a very tired voice.
"Now, being the father of apparent baboons," Mr. Pomroy went on, pointedly looking at Mr. Merrill, "I may not fully comprehend the report given me, nevertheless, it appears that my home, as well as all the buildings surrounding the green, are to be painted blue and buff by Farley's son, Hugh."
"Oh, Judas," whispered Hugh.
"What is this, Hugh?" demanded his father.
"Oh, Judas," Hugh repeated.
"Judas hanged himself, and cannot help you now. So, tell me, braggart son, what have you gone and promised this time?"
Nora Crenshaw, her flushed face obscured beneath a voluminous bonnet of spring flowers, stood and spoke.
"Oh, I was there when he made that promise - right here in this very room on Christmas Eve. We all thought his idea to paint our village in Lafayette's Continental Army colors was a truly astonishing one."
"Astonishing, to be sure," scowled Mr. Farley.
"It was kindly meant," offered Mr. Larabee, feeling bad for the boy.
"It was meant to impress the ladies," answered Mr. Farley, flatly.
"Oh, yes," assured Mrs. Crenshaw, "I was extremely impressed."
"While we considered your son's offer a generous one, we did not count on it, Mr. Farley, therefore the subject can be easily dismissed and forgotten."
"I think our house would look lovely in blue and buff," conveyed Constance Quimby.
"It's not going to happen," advised Mr. Farley.
"As a matter of fact, so do I," added Catherine.
"It's still not going to happen," reaffirmed Mr. Farley.
"Are there any more questions?" asked Mr. Larabee.
Everyone spoke at once.
With unsuppressed sweat rolling down his face, Mr. Larabee motioned to Mr. Niles, meeting him at a quiet side of the room.
"This meeting has come to shambles," professed Mr. Niles.
"What do we do now, Frank?"
"We must pretend to draw the lottery for the carriage ride with Lafayette, but with the escalated tension in this room, one can only guess how difficult that tampered mission is going to be," sighed Frank. "Perhaps we should do the right thing, and open up that chance to everyone."
"But Zona Tuttle has to be awarded the opportunity of escorting the general. Only Zona has the talent to talk the general's ear off, and thus inspire him to ride right on through Newmont, just to get her home and hushed. If Lafayette stops in Newmont, we will be limited to a mere few hours of his precious time."
"How did you plan on having Mrs. Tuttle win?"
"I will have a slip of paper with her name already on it in my hand, so when I am supposedly drawing from the rest, I shall be adequately prepared."
"That will never do," stated Frank Niles, "With the present animosity over the Ellsworths winning the honor of serving the general's luncheon, you will never be allowed to draw the name - her name - from a hat."
"We'll have to try," claimed Ezra, and turning to the room, he called for everyone's attention.
"Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Niles and myself have just been discussing the fact that there are still so many questions, and perhaps another meeting should be called for next week. Meanwhile, however, we thought we might conclude today's gathering on a positive note, by selecting the lady's name who will be awarded the honor of riding in the general's coach from Lake Post to our fair village. Therefore, any lady interested in this glorious chance, should write her name upon one of the slips of paper we have here on this table."
"Is there an age restriction for this as well?" queried Mr. Quimby rather haughtily.
"Although Miss Hartwell will also be present, due to her ability to converse in French, the chosen lady should be prepared, and at ease, to enjoy a cheerful conversation with the general and his party over the twenty-five mile journey."
"Twenty-five miles?" echoed Flora Kenerson in a tone that implied such a distance was equal to that of the moon.
"Yes, the two ladies will have to set out prior to six in the morning, in order to meet the general's coach at the lake harbor securely by nine. Now, who would like to try for this momentous opportunity?"
Only Effie Randall stood.
Ezra Larabee cleared his throat. "I have been told that the general's private secretary, a distinguished soldier by the name of Levasseur, is devilishly handsome," he mentioned coyly.
Most all the ladies stepped forward.
"Emily Billings," exclaimed her mother, "go up there this instant and add your name!"
"Really, mother," argued Emily, "if I don't choose to converse with people I know for more than three minutes, what makes you think I'd relish the chore of chatting away with complete strangers for three hours?"
"This is history in the making, daughter," insisted her mother, "and you don't care to miss it?"
"I will miss little, fast asleep in my bed at the ungodly hour of six in the morning," advised Miss Emily.
"Now that we have all the names - thank you, ladies - we will require Mr. Hewes' stylish chapeau for the drawing," announced Mr. Niles. 
Amidst a fluttering of pretty sighs from the ladies, Mr. Hewes stepped up with his hat.
"Thank you for obliging us, Mr. Hewes - and now if Mr. Larabee would care to draw the lucky lady's name -"
"Excuse me, Mr. Niles," broke in Mrs. Abbott. "Perhaps someone else should draw the name."
"Err," mumbled Mr. Niles, nervously.
"Yes, let us have someone else select the name," insisted Mrs. Pomroy. "One of the young ladies, perhaps - someone who is not in competition for the carriage ride."
Mr. Larabee's gargantuan gulp could be heard halfway across the room.
Louisa Jane Jenney raised her hand.
"I have not entered the contest, and would be pleased to pick out the winner," she stated calmly.
"Does this meet with your approval, Mrs. Abbott? Mrs. Pomroy?" inquired Mr. Niles.
"Why, yes," and "Of course!" the two ladies agreed, for in their opinion, Louisa Jane Jenney was a terribly sweet and honest girl.
"Then by all means -" offered Mr. Larabee, holding out the silk hat with a hand that shook.
Louisa Jane rummaged through the hat a moment, the expression on her face quite diligent, while Mr. Larabee tried not to convey the overwhelming gloom and despair that was churning away in his gut.
Louisa Jane opened the slip of paper she had selected. Mr. Larabee could plainly see that it said Lorena Crenshaw. His shoulders sagged.
"Mrs. Tuttle!" Louisa Jane announced brightly, before crumbling up the wisp of paper in her hand.
While everyone in the room chattered away, Louisa Jane glanced quickly at Mr. Larabee and Mr. Niles.
"How did you ever -?" Mr. Larabee asked Louisa Jane.
"I overheard you talking in the corner," she replied through a fixed smile.
"And thus this day is done," sighed Mr. Niles, wearily.
"If only this were near midnight upon the twenty-eighth day of June," remarked Mr. Larabee.
"Why that particular date and time, Mr. Larabee?" wondered Louisa Jane.
"Because it would then be a blissful four and twenty hours after this woebegone, miserable pain of a pageant," confessed Mr. Larabee, and the three enjoyed a hearty and well needed laugh.



CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Monday, the 27th of June, 1825
The ever-fateful morning


In the distance, they could see the impressive stagecoach ambling towards them against the shimmering array of a bright, rising sun. Indeed, Miss Hartwell and Mrs. Tuttle were only moments away from meeting the marquis.
"I have no idea what to say," admitted Mrs. Tuttle, twisting her hands uncontrollably.
"Pardon, Mrs. Tuttle?" asked Miss Hartwell, who secretly knew full well the reason for Zona Tuttle's presence.
"I don't have a thing to talk about with the general - not a blessed word. Oh, just imagine a dreadful three-hour carriage ride with nothing but complete and utter silence."
Miss Hartwell preferred not to.
"I'm sure you'll think of something," Miss Hartwell replied at last.
"Oh, no, Miss Hartwell, I won't. I've never spoken to a famous foreign celebrity before, and I don't know a lick of French."
"That's why I'm here, Mrs. Tuttle, although we have been assured the general speaks perfect English."
"I bet he speaks English better than me," wailed Mrs. Tuttle, and Miss Hartwell bit her lip in an effort not to correct her. "I was raised on a goat farm, Miss Hartwell," the woman went on nervously, "miles away from polite society. What do I know about politics?"
"I'm certain the last thing General Lafayette desires to discuss is the political climate in France. No, Mrs. Tuttle, the wisest and most accommodating conversation you could share is that about our village and its people."
"Are you sure, Miss Hartwell?"
"Never more so, Mrs. Tuttle," returned Miss Hartwell under her breath, as they curtseyed and stood with trembling smiles to greet the Nation's Guest.
He was a tall man, powerfully built, yet quiet and dignified. The sadness and strife of past wars and imprisonment were prevalent behind his dark eyes and cordial smile, but the general was so gracious that Mrs. Tuttle's anxious fears and woes were immediately put to rest.
Miss Hartwell offered a lovely welcome in French, to which the general replied both in French and English, adding that they could easily converse in English along the way to Liberty Fair. This was all Mrs. Tuttle needed to hear.
As they left the lake, Mrs. Tuttle related the history, as she knew it, of Liberty Fair. She spoke of its graceful, winding river, and its vast fields sprawling in the shadows of Mount Ascutney. She recounted all she could about a small village that was actually younger in years than the general himself. She then turned her topic to its people, and frankly never stopped. In fact, Zona Tuttle rattled on relentlessly, without pausing for so much as the slightest wisp of air. Therefore, by the time they reached neighboring Newmont, the general was greatly inspired to merely wave and move on, making Ezra Larabee's secret plan a stupendous success.
Back in Liberty Fair, however, there was one plan not poised for victory.
Drusilla Jenney, a cup of tea in one hand, and her nose pinned to the windowpane, had been observing members of the Ellsworth and Billings household staffs zigzagging back and forth like jittery chickens all morning. Naturally, catastrophes involving her uppity neighbors amused her prodigiously. Therefore, when she spied Grace Billings, attired as Martha Washington, and scrambling by as though her skirts were aflame, Drusilla Jenney knew for certain that something cataclysmic was up.
"Bess! Bess, my girl!" she bellowed, moving towards the kitchen, and, as usual, Snub took up the task of hollering for Bess as well.
"You are such a silly bird," murmured Mrs. Jenney, to which Snub purred like a kitten.
Bess herself appeared, a dishtowel in her hands, and something resembling clouds of flour in her wayward hair.
"Yes, madam?"
"Our neighbors seem especially overstrung today," began Mrs. Jenney, barely suppressing a grin.
"Funny you should mention that, madam. Why, my mum and I were just saying how they're buzzing 'round like a frenzied swarm of blue-bottomed flies."
"How true," agreed Mrs. Jenney, relishing an image of Grace Billings with wings. "Maybe you should run over to Ellsworth and see if any assistance is required. They are hosting a luncheon for the general and his entourage today, and perhaps things have gone horribly awry."
Bess couldn't be positive where an awry might actually go, nevertheless, she did catch the gist of Mrs. Jenney's offer.
"Yes, madam!"
"Of course, if your aid is called for, dear Bess, please do come back at once, and inform me of the particulars," smiled Mrs. Jenney.
"Absolutely, madam!" exclaimed Bess, moving swiftly towards the door.
Not half an hour later, Bess returned. Luckily, Mrs. Jenney was in the kitchen having tea with Bess' mother, and her incredible news could be divulged all at once.
"Things couldn't be more wrong at Ellsworth," breathed Bess, which delighted Mrs. Jenney to no end.
"Go on, Bess," grinned Mrs. Jenney, "give us all the delicious details."
"Their cook, Mrs. Briggs, has a stomach complaint, so Lottie and the others are trying to cope with the general's luncheon on their own."
"What could be so blessed difficult with that?" wondered Mrs. Goodwin. "Lottie can put up a meal near as good as Mrs. Briggs."
"It's the menu that has them throwing fits, mum. It appears Mrs. Ellsworth decided at the last minute to serve frogs."
"Frogs?" echoed Mrs. Jenney, highly amused, as Mrs. Goodwin nearly choked on her tea.
"Supposedly, Mrs. Ellsworth read somewhere that a Massachusetts merchant served soup with whole frogs in it to the French General Comte d'Estaing and his officers. At least, I believe that was his name. Standing on a chair and screaming, Lottie was somewhat difficult to understand."
"Standing on a chair and screaming?" chortled Bess' mother in her best brogue.
"There are frogs of all sizes, making horrible croaking sounds, and slithering and jumping about the kitchen. No one is in charge. Mrs. Billings was there briefly, but threw her hands up in the air, claiming she had plenty to do to get ready over at Billings Farm - thank you very much - and she offered no assistance. Even Mrs. Ellsworth has retreated to her bedroom with one of her timely migraines. It is an absolute madhouse there. You should see it."
For certain, the ladies desired nothing better, so the three trotted next door and beheld the scene. Bess had not exaggerated a pin. To call the Ellsworth kitchen a madhouse was putting it mildly. Mrs. Jenney likened it to a reunion for the combined plagues of Egypt.
With a bit of calming and coaxing, Mrs. Goodwin was able to determine that the frogs were to be the main dish, with several side plates as garnish. The frogs were still loose, and the side plates not started. Above all, regardless of the fact that a major general was due to dine in three hours time, Lottie was not climbing down off that chair until every last miserable, slimy creature had been cleared away.
Mrs. Jenney, in typical form, came up with a plan, which she shared with Mrs. Goodwin and Bess on the journey home.
Meanwhile, the townsfolk were gathering in the village square in order to greet General Lafayette. The air was filled with joyous chatter, and the overall mood was exhilarating. Mr. Larabee, his best suit stretched across his robust frame, glanced about the crowd anxiously, hoping to find Miss Mary Sparling, for she had a very important role to play.
"Ah, Miss Sparling - at last! I do believe it is time for you to assume your post in the church steeple."
"With pleasure," Mary answered with a dazzling smile - a smile that rapidly crumbled as she witnessed Garrett Billings approach.
"Miss Sparling, Mr. Larabee," said Garrett with a bow.
"Yes, Garrett," replied Mr. Larabee, "what might we do for you?"
"It's more what I might do for you, Mr. Larabee. I wish to assist Miss Sparling in the watch for the general's carriage."
"I'm fine without you, really," remarked Mary.
"How gracious of you, Garrett," grinned Mr. Larabee.
"He needn't be," informed the frowning Mary.
"Miss Sparling, that is a marvelous offer," pointed out Mr. Larabee.
"I've had better," assured Miss Sparling, flatly.
"Think about it, Miss Mary," declared the tavern-keeper. "There are so many stairs to climb, and the sheer height from the steeple may make you dizzy."
"I am not an empty-headed invalid, Mr. Larabee, nor have I ever had to use smelling salts. I'll be perfectly fine alone. As a matter of fact, I prefer to be alone."
"Miss Sparling," began Garrett, his eyes plaintive. "I would greatly appreciate the opportunity to be of assistance to you - and well - to everyone, frankly. The mood in my family home has been chaotic as of late, and I can think of no place I'd rather be, than as far up and away from them as is humanly possible. Last, but not least, Miss Sparling, I believe it would be the grandest fun to ring the bells together."
The stern look on Mary's face melted, and a small light burnished in her eyes.
"All right then, Garrett Billings - but I get to ring the first bell. Agreed?"
"Agreed," smiled the lad.
Mr. Larabee watched as the two moved away towards the white clapboard church, and he chuckled, remembering the first time he and his Judith found their place to be alone.
Turning, Mr. Larabee went back to wait with the impatient townspeople.

Lafayette's carriage was progressing towards the turn into Liberty Fair, when another coach, racing by from the Buckingham Road, startled the general's horses to a such a degree that the driver believed they should stop and check the harnessing.
What the driver discovered was far worse. A wheel to the grand carriage was wobbling loose. It was offered that the driver could take one of the horses into the village and return with a second carriage, however, upon learning that Liberty Fair stood a manageable half mile away, General Lafayette announced that he would greatly prefer to walk.
"Send for a carriage to convey the ladies," said he. "As for me, a pleasant, quiet stroll will help make room for this stupendous luncheon I hear we are to have."
Vivian Hartwell vowed that a half mile walk would in no way tire her, and, somewhat to the general's dismay, Mrs. Tuttle passionately swore the same. Therefore, the party set out on foot, the general secretly desiring the peace to hear birds sing, but was instead subjected to Mrs. Tuttle's endless   prattle.

"I feel like Paul Revere up here," confessed Mary with awe.
"What was that?" Garrett asked.
"I said I feel like Paul Revere up here in this steeple. You know - holding the lanterns up in the window, making destiny on that dark and dangerous night."
"First of all, silly girl, Paul Revere was not in the steeple. The church sexton was in the steeple. The lantern signal was for the people in Charlestown. Paul Revere was already being rowed across the river."
Mary pursed her lips.
"Besides, it wasn't a particularly dark night," Garrett went on. "Paul Revere said the moon was bright."
"Oh, and I suppose he told you this himself, you - you walking dictionary," huffed Mary.
"Actually, that would make me a walking encyclopedia," corrected Garrett, "and yes, I did meet Paul Revere."
"I don't believe you," Mary scoffed.
"Well, for truth, I did. I was merely eight at the time, but I remember being in awe. Father had brought me along into Boston for a political meeting, and Mr. Revere was there. A group of us asked him to tell us about that famous night, and he was surprised, you see, for he claimed no one ever talked about those days anymore. Mr. Revere said he was better known for his church bells, cannons, and copper, than for any of his dispatch rides. But he did tell us about his adventures on that April night, and I was fascinated by every word -"
"Garrett!" came his mother's shrill voice. "Are you up there?"
Garrett sighed and peered cautiously out the window, where he spied his mother in her Martha Washington garb, fiercely circling the base of the steeple, while shading her eyes against the vivid rays of the sun.
"Garrett, if you are up there, I need you to come down this instant!"
Mary Sparling stomped her foot and folded her arms.
"Garrett Billings, if you abandon me one more time for your mother's sake, I will run you down with my father's carriage, I swear it."
"A rather difficult threat to enact from up here, Miss Sparling."
"Oh, you know what I mean!"
"Garrett, come down here at once - I need to speak with you!" demanded his mother.
Garrett leaned out the window.
"With due respect and abject apologies, dearest mother, I cannot."
"And why can you not?" his mother returned incredulously.
"I have a duty to perform, which is to wait and to signal the arrival of General Lafayette."
"Oh, that girl with you can do it," declared Mrs. Billings.
Without hesitation, Mary leaned out the window and cupped her hands to her mouth.
"That girl has a name, Mrs. Billings. It's Mary Sparling - Miss Mary Sparling - and I'll thank you to use it properly."
"Well, I never!" fumed Mrs. Billings.
"Obviously," affirmed Mary, before ducking her head back inside.
Immediately, Mary felt ashamed, and naturally expected a swift rebuttal from Garrett. She had, after all, offended his mother, and no decent young woman offended anyone in public, not ever. Tears welled up in her eyes.
"I'm so-" she started before she noticed Garrett was laughing, "sorry," she said, but it ended up sounding more like a question than an apology.
"Oh, don't be," Garrett replied, pulling in the shutters. "My mother definitely deserved that."
"Garrett Billings, do not close those shutters! Do you hear me? I insist that you open them before I count to three, young man -" his mother could be heard droning below.
The moment for this young man was pleasantly taken up by looking at Miss Mary Sparling in an entirely new, and very pleasing, light.
At this same time, upon the ground, those closest to the Newmont Road spotted an elegant coach rumbling towards them in the distance.
"Mr. Larabee!" wailed the querulous Mr. Quimby, "I believe we can see the general's coach arriving."
"Yes, yes - that appears to be it," confirmed Mr. Merrill.
"Are you certain, gentlemen?" asked Mr. Larabee, glancing up towards the steeple, and noticing that the shutters were drawn. "For the love of Pete!" he mumbled, and then shouted, "Everyone, get in your places, quickly, quickly!"
"This is so exciting!" breathed Mrs. Crenshaw beneath her cumbersome cap - a faithful reproduction of Lafayette's birthplace, Chateau Chavaniac, which had been fashioned from hundreds of stone-colored petals.
"I can't wait to see my Gilby again," confessed the ever-confused Effie Randall, standing at Mrs. Crenshaw's side, and doing her best not to be battered by the bulging walls atop Nora's head.
"This jacket is so darned itchy," complained Dr. Abbott, already dressed as General Washington.
Meanwhile, Mrs. Larabee was gathering up the young ladies who would be presenting the first round of flowers to the general. Mrs. Billings, secretly grateful that her cousin was stuck at home with a sick head, took her place with the youngsters.
"Now, do you remember what to say, Rachel?" asked Mrs. Larabee of the Quimby girl.
"I wasn't given anything to say," the ten-year-old replied solemnly.
"You weren't - Ezra! Ezra, come here quickly!"
"What is it, my sweet?"
"Rachel Quimby was given nothing to say," Mrs. Larabee fretted.
"That is impossible," uttered the tavern-keeper.
"No, that is true, Mr. Larabee. I was never given a prepared speech."
"Mercy me," groaned Mrs. Larabee, "whatever should we do?"
"I could say, 'welcome, general, to this fair village, which you made free with the sacrifice of your youth.'"
Mr. and Mrs. Larabee voiced their pleasant surprise at Miss Quimby's felicity of expression.
"I'm not a two-year-old," Rachel reminded them.
By this point, the greatly anticipated carriage rolled into view. The people of Liberty Fair waved their silk white Lafayette ribbons in the air and cheered, as the coach came to a halt.
A tall, pale gentleman in his late fifties stepped out, and glanced about curiously.
"Is that the general?" whispered Mrs. Larabee to her husband.
"Most likely, that is his secretary," Ezra surmised, and was about to advance, when a gentleman of approximately thirty years of age exited the carriage.
"Or that is his secretary," Ezra assumed, preparing to move closer once more, when yet another gentleman in his mid-twenties alighted.
"Maybe this is his secretary," Ezra shrugged, taking a cautious step, as yet another young gentleman appeared. 
"Possibly this - " Ezra conjectured, now hesitating to move altogether, for not only did one more young gentleman materialize, but two.
"Perhaps the general has a squadron of secretaries?" speculated his wife.
Rachel Quimby, followed by the other girls, swept towards the carriage and presented the large bouquet to the eldest gentleman.
"Welcome, general, to this fair village which you made free with the sacrifice of your youth," she proclaimed quite prettily.
"Oh, I do beg your pardon, young miss, but -" the gentleman began, just as Mrs. Billings energetically wriggled her way in.
"And I am Martha Washington," said she, beaming.
"Really?" breathed the gentleman, rather dumbfounded, while Mr. Larabee stepped up, tugging at his own tight collar.
"General, we celebrate your arrival with grateful emotions, and greet you with a most heartfelt welcome to Liberty Fair."
"Oh, but I -"
"We rejoice in the honor of beholding you, and of being able to set before our youth, the illustrious patriot, whose noble character our parents taught us to regard with the greatest respect."
"But I must -"
"Your name, sir, is synonymous with that of freedom and independence -"
"I am an artist, sir."
"An - an artist?" choked Mr. Larabee.
"Yes, my name is Danforth Pierce. I am leasing the Tenney Estate on the river's edge of your village throughout the summer and fall for myself and my five sons."
"Five sons?" echoed Mrs. Billings, snapping shut her fan.
"Yes, indeed, Lady Washington," Mr. Pierce related with a bow.
"Oh, my!" sighed Mrs. Billings, her eyes instantly gleaming.

"...Then Mr. Revere related that along the way to the rowboat, which was to take him to Charlestown, he realized he had forgotten his spurs. Since his faithful dog had followed him, Revere scribbled a note to his wife, and tied it to the dog's collar. Minutes later, the dog returned, carrying the spurs."
"How precious!" smiled Mary.
"I would more readily believe this was a fanciful bit Mr. Revere added in order to delight his grandchildren."
"I still think it's precious," Mary decreed with a nod.
The two were seated on the floor of the steeple, happily lost in conversation.
"I do recall another interesting thing Mr. Revere said," Garrett went on, fully engrossed in his memories, "He had run many dispatch missions on horseback for the Sons of Liberty, and at one point, found himself so saddle sore, he had to rent a carriage!"
The two laughed joyously for a moment, and then paled.
"A carriage!" they proclaimed practically at once, realizing they had neglected their task of watching for Lafayette. They bolted up from the floor, and Garrett threw wide the shutters.
"Oh, Lord - look! He is here already," Garrett claimed, easily mistaking the Pierce coach for the general's.
"The bells - we must ring the bells!" insisted Mary.
And so they did, greatly confusing everyone on the ground. Folks were now looking this way and that, muttering and murmuring, shuffling about, and wildly complaining how poorly the day had been planned.
"Oh, do look, Mr. Merrill," said Mr. Quimby, peering down the road. "There is a large party walking our way."
"They've obviously come from Newmont just to steal our thunder," opined Mr. Merrill imperiously.
"If they own no carriage or barouche, they are definitely not the sort we want here," sniffed Mr. Quimby, looking down his nose.
"Although the gentleman in front appears dignified enough, the woman to his left is gauchely attired," announced the tailor, haughtily.
"Isn't that Zona Tuttle?" questioned Nora Crenshaw, squinting beneath her precarious head-top chateau.
"I believe it is," concurred Mr. Crenshaw, shading his eyes.
"Then that gentleman would be -" started Mr. Merrill.
"The general!" gasped Mr. Quimby, slapping his hands to the sides of his face. "Good heavens, everyone - the general is here! General Lafayette is here! Oh, dear - oh, my!"
Due to the pounding of the bells, Mr. Quimby's report took some time to circulate throughout the square - however, once it did, everyone rushed forward, madly waving their ribbons, and cheering. Mrs. Billings and Mrs. Larabee rounded up the girls once again, and just before they moved on, Mrs. Billings hastily snatched the bouquet of flowers right out of Mr. Pierce's hands.
"I do apologize," she said, smiling.
"No need, Lady Washington," returned Mr. Pierce, who then gathered up his sons and prepared to greet the general as well.
Rachel Quimby stepped forward with her flowers and addressed the impressive gentleman standing before her.
"Are you General Lafayette?" she questioned, cautiously.
"Yes, young lady, I am."
"Are you sure?" she asked, glancing back at the Pierce family for good measure.
"Yes, indeed, miss," he replied smiling, and then turned to his son. "Perhaps, George, you might assure this lovely miss of my identity."
The general's son, George Washington Lafayette, stepped up smartly and bowed to Miss Rachel.
"For certain, young miss, my father is the man you seek, Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier de la Fayette, general in your war for American independence, and currently your Nation's Guest."
"Excellent," Rachel nodded. "So - welcome, general, to this fair village, which you made free with the sacrifice of your youth," she smiled, handing him the bouquet.
Mr. Larabee, with a final adjustment to his ill-fitting jacket, offered the welcome of his village, which Miss Hartwell translated phrase by phrase to the general's secretary. It was an emotional moment, there upon the sunlit green, one which even the ever-critical Mr. Quimby found touching.
Following Mr. Larabee's welcome, the general spoke in a kind and genuine manner to the townsfolk.
"We thank you, good people of Liberty Fair, for your warm and affectionate welcome. This lovely young miss referred to the sacrifice of my youth for your liberty. Please permit me to vow that I am recompensed by seeing a joyous and prosperous America. Your nation now leads the way as a shining example of honest and complete freedom, and I salute you! You are all so gracious to take part in my patriotic journey about these truly united states - and we now look forward with great anticipation to your festivities, as well as this most excellent luncheon we are to be treated to at the estate of Mr. George Ellsworth."
"Ah, that," said Mrs. Jenney, moving towards the general in the company of the blushing Mrs. Abbott. "With your indulgence, good sir, there has been a slight - calamity - at the Ellsworth home. However, fear not, general. A group of ladies, led by Mrs. Abbott here, have created a superb repast, which we will now offer upon the banks of the river at my family's home - just adjacent to Ellsworth - if you please, kind sir."
"We are indeed grateful to Mrs. Abbott and the ladies of Liberty Fair for attending to our needs, and only regret that the Ellsworth family was struck by this - calamity."
"Their cook has fallen ill, general."
"Nothing too serious, I trust," offered the general's son.
"Oh, thank you, no, sir. It's just that she felt a bit green and somewhat jumpy all over," returned Mrs. Jenney, suppressing a grin.
"And you are, kind lady?" asked Lafayette of Mrs. Jenney.
"Not green and jumpy all over, I hope," she began, which made the general laugh. "No, I am Mrs. Martin Jenney, good sir," she replied sweetly, and glancing at Mrs. Billings added, "an actress."
"An actress? Comment trs merveilleux! I love the theater, we must talk," exclaimed Lafayette.
"I would be most honored," replied Mrs. Jenney, beaming, as the general offered one arm to her, and the other to Mrs. Abbott, before proceeding through the adoring crowd.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Monday the 27th of June, 1825
The never to be forgotten lunch


It was a charming sight to behold, the sleek, long trestle tables draped with fresh white linens and adorned by pretty platters of salads, sliced meats, breads and cheeses, sweets and fruit, all proudly prepared and assembled by the lovely ladies of Liberty Fair.
As the glistening river rambled by, and summer birds sang in the trees, General Lafayette related to the assembled guests his many distinctive adventures during his past year touring the states.
He painted a splendid portrait of his arrival to Staten Island, and how upon the second day, as they traveled to New York via a steamship, the bay about them was brimming with colorful boats. Aboard this luxurious steamship, which was more like a floating palace, a band played French tunes. Greeted on shore by some two-hundred thousand people, they passed yet thousands more who tossed wreaths and flowers along their path to City Hall.
In Massachusetts, Lafayette was greatly moved to stand upon the hallowed ground of Bunker Hill, and that of Lexington Green. In towns large and small, he was welcomed with cheers and great affection. Concerts, recitals, parades, festivals, and banquets were given at every turn. Passing back through New York, they were presented with a most unique show where forty-six fire trucks extinguished a pyramid of fire, creating a domed rainbow in the sky.
The general had met with presidents, statesmen, chiefs of Indian nations, great soldiers, and industrialists. However, one of his best memories involved a family of a far more modest rank.
"We had left Norfolk, Virginia," recounted the general, "and some seven miles out, had stopped before a desolate and remote inn so that our horses might be refreshed. As we waited in the carriage, the innkeeper begged us for five minutes of our time. We entered his humble dwelling, to find Welcome Lafayette written in charcoal upon a white wall trimmed with fir branches. In this impoverished, but very clean setting, a table was set with a meager offering of brandy and bread. The innkeeper's wife and child were brought before us. The child, perhaps three or four years old, put out his little hand to me and said, General Lafayette, I thank you for the freedom that you have won for my father, my mother, for me, and for my country. I cannot adequately express how this elemental and most sincere moment engraved itself upon my heart. The blessings of that family accompany me to this day."
This eloquent story reminded everyone present that the simpler things in life were often its best.
The general and his party were to spend the afternoon resting at Eldon Sanborn's Waverley Oaks estate in anticipation of the evening's festivities. As the general and his party prepared to leave, he thanked the Jenneys and Mrs. Abbott for the bountiful feast and congenial company.
"You have a marvelous setting here, Mr. and Mrs. Jenney," he added before departing. "I envy you the charm and tranquility of your peaceful home."
Upstairs in the Jenney home, however, where nine girls had gathered to dress their hair, things were neither charming nor tranquil.
"Ouch, Selena Jenney!" yelped Constance Quimby above the ear-piercing din. "Why are you jabbing that atrocious wire into my poor scalp?"
"You need it for the height," explained Selena. "Hairstyles from fifty years ago were decidedly different."
"And definitely painful!" added Catherine, patting her head.
"Back in the days on her plantation, my nana layered cute little pillows in her hair, and not these hideous, nasty wires," whined Tamsey Nettleton.
"We have no cute little pillows," pointed out Selena. "If you wanted pillows, Tamsey, you should have brought some."
"Why would anyone pile such bizarre things on their head?" laughed Charlotte.
"To keep a man's focus on your eyes, where they belong," supplied Miss Isabel Abbott.
"Then I'll wear mine straight down my shoulders," cooed Tamsey, which provoked a variety of responses from the others.
"Speaking of focus," began Miss Crenshaw, "shouldn't my hair be the highest, as I am representing Virginia?"
"Mamma's theater style book states that hair in the seventeen-seventies was measured to one and half times the length of the face. It says nothing about adding more for Virginians," scowled Selena while shoving hairpins in her mouth.
"Who is next to have their hair done?" asked Louisa Jane.
"I want mine redone," stated Isabel flatly. "I think it looks ghastly."
"Mary Sparling has not had her hair styled as yet," pointed out Louisa Jane.
"Oh, that's fine," smiled Mary. "I can wait."
"What's that smug look on your face for, Miss Mary Sparling?" demanded the ever-haughty Isabel.
"Nothing," replied Mary, still smiling.
"Just as I imagined," proclaimed Isabel.
Suddenly, the door opened, and Hester Daniels appeared, rather breathless.
"Goodness, what is that smell?" she wondered.
"Curling irons, mostly - mixed with a good measure of burning hair," answered Louisa Jane.
"I thought it was rotting eggs," answered Hester. "Well, friends, have you heard the news?"
"What news?" asked Charlotte.
"Flora Kenerson has apparently lost her voice, and will not be performing in our show."
Everyone paused in their preoccupation and stared at Hester.
"It's true. Mrs. Kenerson is speaking with your mother right now," Hester went on, looking at the bewildered Charlotte. "I'm sure -"
At that moment, Mrs. Jenney burst into the room.
"Ladies, we have a problem," said she.
"We heard, mamma," nodded Louisa Jane. "Flora Kenerson has lost her voice."
"She has lost her nerve," corrected Miss Abbott.
"In any case, we must figure out what to do," replied Mrs. Jenney, just as Mr. Hewes appeared in the hall. The ladies were fully dressed, but squealed frantically all the same.
"Ladies, ladies, might I speak with you?" he implored.
"I don't want you to see my hair yet!" demanded Lorena Crenshaw.
"I promise not to peek," vowed Mr. Hewes. "Now, as you probably just heard, Miss Kenerson will not be representing New Jersey this evening."
"As I stated before, I am more than willing to take over her role," asserted Isabel. "Merely allow me to write dialogue notes in my fan, similar to the way Flora did with her dance steps."
"I would prefer having someone attempt to memorize her speeches," declared Mr. Hewes. "After all, we did shorten them considerably for Miss Kenerson."
"Who would be able to memorize all those words between now and this evening?" wondered Mary Sparling. "That might prove terribly difficult."
"Not really," answered Bess, as she towered Miss Crenshaw's hair. "Her singular sentences are easy enough, and her first speech rhymes - Welcome Freedom's favorite son, Welcome friend of Washington. For though his sun in glory's set, His spirit welcomes Lafayette. Welcome Friend in adverse hours, Welcome to fair Freedom's bower. Thy deeds her sons will ne'er forget. Ten million welcome Lafayette!"
Everyone was silently amazed and impressed.
"How did you recall that so easily, Bess?" asked Mr. Hewes.
"Simple," shrugged the girl. "I've been at every play practice since the beginning. Why, I probably know every word that is said throughout the entire production."
"Do you believe you know Miss Kenerson's long speech?" Mr. Hewes questioned.
"You mean the one about the gift of a cane made from an apple tree that shaded Lafayette and Washington in Bergen, New Jersey? Well, if I'm not mistaken, that one begins, 'General, I bid you a hearty and cordial welcome to the town of Bergen, a place through which you traveled during our Revolutionary struggles for liberty and independence. Your example inspired courage and patriotism in the heart of every true American,' and so on, correct?"
Immediately, Bess was cornered on all sides, and convinced to portray Lady New Jersey. Now all she had to do was to fit in Flora's fancy dress costume.



CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Monday the 27th of June, 1825
Late afternoon
One to make ready, and two to prepare...


"Bess, for heaven's sake, stand still," scolded Mrs. Jenney, as she fussed with the lace strings on a set of stays.
"Begging pardon, madam, but the chances of me squeezing into the likes of that, are near to nil."
These two, as well as all the young ladies involved in the general's pageant, were in a large guest room of Larabee's Tavern, very noisily attempting to put on their costume attire.
"Stuff and nonsense, Bess. Now, hold on to that bedpost."
"Whatever for, madam?"
"So that the two of us don't go barreling backwards out that window."
"I believe I would rather barrel out the window."
"Now do as I say, silly girl, and take in a deep breath of air."
"Why do that, madam?"
"Because it will be your last normal breath until we cut you out of this thing."
"Marvelous," muttered the maid.
Meanwhile, Isabel Abbott was still campaigning as to why she should play both roles.
"I possess the best talent for memorizing," she proclaimed pretentiously. "I could have easily managed the additional role of New Jersey by this hour in the day."
"Of course, I could switch with you," offered Anna Ellsworth. "I would love to be New York, and abstain from speaking, altogether. In Continental Congress, New York always abstained."
"Courteously," smiled Mary Billings.
"Pardon?" replied Anna with a lift of her brow.
"Courteously. New York always abstained courteously."
"Whatever," sighed Anna.
"Miss Nettleton, you are applying your rouge all wrong," cautioned Mrs. Jenney.
"Whatever do you mean?" drawled the girl.
"You should dot the rouge on your cheekbones and swirl it up lightly, child, not smother your face with it."
"But I'm from Georgia, Mrs. Jenney, where we all look radiant and rosy."
"Right now, you look ready for a fire bucket," professed Mrs. Jenney, and then turning to another corner of the room, "Hester!" she exclaimed, "please do not pull your Brunswick jacket over your head in that manner- you are ruining your hair."
"With apologizes, Mrs. Jenney, I've never before had hair that birds could nest in."
"And Lorena, do explain why you are plastering your face with beauty marks?"
"Because I am the very image of Virginia!" she insisted.
"At present, you are the very image of smallpox. Please remove all but one of those patches, dear, immediately."
A knock was heard upon the door, and Mr. Hewes entered.
"Ladies," he began, all smiles. "This is the hour we have awaited and anticipated these many months. The general is here, and the guests assembled on the green. Are we ready to present the best pageant ever witnessed?"
The ladies uttered to the positive in sweet, cheerful voices, as Mr. Hewes crossed the room to Mrs. Jenney.
"As I always said before a show, one to make ready, and two to prepare," sighed Mrs. Jenney.
"Oh, the gentlemen have prepared too heartily these past few hours in the taproom, and that is why I wish to get the show started."
"Oh mercy," whispered Mrs. Jenney.
"Oh mercy indeed, Mrs. Jenney. In his present condition, I fear our George Washington may stagger directly off the stage and slam into a cannon."
"If my husband is so much as the tiniest bit tippled, he'll be in for the thrashing of his life."
"Rest assured, Mrs. Jenney, your husband is perhaps the soberest of the group."
"That is far from consoling, Mr. Hewes, " remarked Mrs. Jenney, shaking her head.
"Our two Lady Washingtons are not faring well, either," revealed Mr. Hewes.
"So Frances Ellsworth has miraculously recovered?"
"Enough to make a headache of herself with her cousin, and everyone else within earshot. They have been bickering relentlessly since Mrs. Ellsworth arrived. We should make haste before they end up in a mud puddle, ripping each others' hair out."
"Then, by all means," said Mrs. Jenney, nodding her chin towards the girls.
"Ten minutes, ladies, we shall meet below stairs," Mr. Hewes announced before going over to where Selena stood in a corner.
"Miss Selena," he began, his eyes alight.
"Mr. Hewes," she returned, demurely.
"Our times together with this project have been some of the happiest of my life," he began, as Selena did her best to keep from fainting.
Mr. Hewes held up a bowl of bright purple violets.
"Accept these, dear lady, as a modest token of my appreciation."
"They are lovely!" exclaimed Selena.
"And all the more meaningful as they came from the homestead of General Nathanael Greene in Coventry. His descendants allowed me to have these as a gift to you - the most delightful young lady ever to represent Rhode Island."
"I am indeed honored, sir."
"Once this evening's presentation has concluded, I have something very important to share with you, Miss Jenney. I've been meaning to speak with you all these weeks, but somehow, the time was never right. Or, perhaps I've been a coward! But in any event, for now, I want your mind and your joyful heart, able to focus on this tribute to our Nation's Guest."
"Of course," whispered Selena.
"Until then," he said, kissing her hand - and he left the room.
Charlotte rushed over to her sister.
"At last, at last!" she smiled, squeezing Selena's hand. "I am so happy for you!"
"I hardly know what to say," gasped Selena, losing breath.
"You will know what to say later," hinted Charlotte. "But for now, let's go make our silly little village proud."
"You've been wonderful to me, Charlotte," vowed Selena. "If you hadn't pointed out the horrid person I had become, well, this moment may never have occurred."
"Just remember me when you're a baroness in your own castle, gobbling up Christmas goose and chocolate all day."
The girls laughed and hugged one another joyfully.
"Five minutes, ladies," reminded Mrs. Jenney, who, from her post across the room, could still easily guess Selena's wonderful news.
"I am feeling ill," managed Constance.
"What?" exclaimed her twin.
"I am twisted with nerves," Constance admitted.
"You can't be," returned Catherine, "for I am perfectly fine."
"What is this?" questioned Mary Billings, concerned.
"I am so nervous, I could die."
Soon a crowd was hovering over the colorless Constance.
"Constance, poor thing!"
"Don't worry, Constance, you'll feel better."
"Is there anything we can do for you?"
"I don't even think I can stand," confessed the girl. "My knees are shaking."
"Charlotte, run downstairs and ask Mrs. Larabee for a small glass of wine," instructed Mrs. Jenney, as she made her way through the onlookers. "Now, Constance," she said, sitting next to the girl, "being frightened before going on stage is very common."
"Is it?"
"Yes, truly. Why, I was always engulfed with panic just before the opening lines of any show I was in."
"For truth, Mrs. Jenney?"
"Absolutely, dear - and there is a special way to make those feelings flee. First and foremost, remember that no one is there to criticize or judge."
"Not even my father?"
"Goodness gracious, child, even working behind the scenes, your father is bound to be more     anxious than you."
Constance smiled weakly. "This is true."
"You know every word of your dialogue, your voice is strong, and you are beautiful in your costume. So now firmly believe, that in those distinctly vital areas, nothing is going to go wrong. Next, do not imagine the audience as strangers you must convince of something. Instead, picture one very special person sitting out there - that one soul dearest to your heart, who will laugh at all the funny things you say, and applaud your every effort."
"A special person," Constance thought aloud.
"Wouldn't that be me?" chided Catherine.
"Not in a thousand years," retorted Constance, and everyone laughed.
"If I weren't in the show with you, I'd love to be that special person who applauds you," offered Mary Billings.
"I am pleased that my role is somewhat on the sidelines, because from there I can appreciate all your humorous lines, Constance," admitted Louisa Jane.
"And I'd laugh along with you, if only I could breathe," confessed Bess, which caused one and all to share in a good chuckle.
"Last, but not least, girls," advised Mrs. Jenney, "keep in mind that anxiety and joy stem from the same feeling, so it is your choice what it ultimately should be."
"How are you feeling now, Constance?" asked Julia Niles, graciously.
"Much better, thank you! I do believe I can turn this fear into the acting performance of a lifetime."
"Excellent," replied Mrs. Jenney, "for I do believe it is show time."
The young ladies huddled together and spoke words of encouragement to one another. True, Lorena and Isabel remained outside the circle. Lorena was preoccupied with fixing the red blotches left on her face after peeling off the velvet beauty marks. Isabel, on her part, preferred to stand alone. However, as the ladies prepared to leave, Isabel, her face set in a serious tone, stepped up to Constance Quimby.
"You are talented, jovial, and have a good heart. I know you will do well," Isabel said simply.
Amazed and astonished, Mrs. Jenney followed them out of the room.



CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
Monday, the 27th of June, 1825
Just before dusk
Tribute to a hero


A gleaming platform had been assembled upon Independence Mall, the very structure of which had been skillfully and proudly painted in hues of blue and buff by Daniel Farley and his son, Hugh. Towering plants and richly scented flowers, lovingly bestowed from neighbors' treasured gardens, embraced the performance area. From the graceful arms of the trees, lanterns hung in grand profusion, their glow prepared to shine brightly against an impending twilight.
For the guests who arrived in great numbers from neighboring counties, various and sundry chairs and benches had been brought in from homes and businesses all about the green. A most appropriate seat for the general - an armchair Eldon Sanborn procured from the study Washington established as his headquarters during the siege of Boston - was placed front and center. From each and every chair, a Lafayette ribbon fluttered lightly in the evening breeze.
Once the acting ensemble had gathered behind the dressing screens just beyond the platform, the audience was permitted to take their seats. The musicians arrived and set themselves next to the stage. A silence descended like a dewy net upon the scene. Even without being able to see, the performers knew General Lafayette was about to appear.
The musicians struck up the French tune, Ou peut-on etre mieux qu'au sein de sa famille?, as the guests stood with an audible gasp of anticipation, and a gleeful burst of applause. Down the ribbon-clad center aisle walked the general, his son, and his secretary, to their specially reserved seats.
The general was placed with Vivian Hartwell on one side, and Tilda Sanborn on the other.
"We're going to switch, you know," Tilda advised, leaning towards the general.
"Pardon, Miss Tilda?" said he. "Do you wish to trade seats?"
"Oh, no, sir - my sister and I are going to switch now and then, so there will be no argument as to who had the most time at your side."
"I see," surmised the general.
"Do be quiet," instructed Tess. "Oh, I meant my sister, general - not you."
"Understood," smiled their guest.
The musicians commenced the touching tune, Lady Washington, which Elaine Abbott sang with  tender elegance, as the young costume presenters, followed by the two constantly warring Washington ladies, strode up the aisle with flowers for Colonel Levasseur, Lafayette's son, and of course, the general himself.
"Because you believed in the ideals of liberty," began Eliza Jenney, ever so eloquently.
"And you believed in us," chanted little Madelyn Ellsworth a tad too loudly.
"Because you never faltered in our cause," related Rachel Quimby.
"We present you with these flowers," announced Natalie Abbott.
"As a humble token of our appreciation to you, General Lafayette, for bringing freedom to our lives, and to our hearts," concluded Ella Quimby.
"How old are you, young miss?" the general asked gently of Madelyn, who merely grinned, giggled, and shrugged.
"She is not yet five, good sir," supplied Natalie with a charming curtsey.
"You've made a lovely speech," the general confirmed to Ella.
"Had I been twelve, I would have been given heaps more to say," she apprised.
"That time will come soon enough," nodded Lafayette, suddenly noticing the two Lady Washingtons. "And what have we here?"
"I am Lady Washington," each revealed in perfect unison.
"How fortunate my esteemed commander-in-chief was, by George!" stated Lafayette, and those about them appreciated the intended pun.
"You were to have luncheon at my home, general," began Frances in her annoyingly insincere voice, "however, my irresponsible cook failed me by coming down with a stomach complaint. I hope you will forgive me, kind sir, for the unpalatable meal I am sure you were forced to contend with."
"First of all, I hope your cook is blessed with a rapid recovery, et aussi une nouvelle employeuse," the general sincerely professed. "Secondly, madam, my luncheon, lovingly prepared by several of the kindhearted ladies of your village, was one of the finest I have enjoyed this entire year past."
"Ah," carefully replied Mrs. Ellsworth, "that is most reassuring."
"Mr. Niles and Mr. Hewes are about to speak," revealed Miss Hartwell, who was privately relishing the general's hidden message in French. "Perhaps you ladies should be seated now."
With several bobbing curtseys, the cousins finally took their leave and situated themselves in opposite ends of the audience, each slyly believing she had been considered best.
"It's almost time!" exclaimed Mary Sparling, watching events unfold through a small hole in the dressing screen before her.
Mr. Niles and Mr. Hewes, waiting at the front, now offered welcoming addresses Selena Jenney did not hear. Her present anxiety had little to do with performing. The sound of Mr. Hewes' voice reminded her that within a few short hours, he would confess to her the secrets of his heart. Selena closed her eyes and drew a deep breath. This was a night, she told herself, that she would always remember.
Meanwhile, behind the scenes, the volunteer stage managers were not at all composed.
"The scroll!" whispered Gideon Merrill heatedly. "Where is Miss Louisa Jane's scroll?"
Nicholas Quimby rummaged madly about the property table.
"It was here a minute ago," he uttered nervously. "I swear it was!"
"Well, it isn't here now!" snapped the tailor.
"Oh, dear! Oh, my!" rambled the rattled shopkeeper.
"I have the scroll in my hand, gentlemen, and am all set to go," whispered Louisa Jane, as calm as could be.
The two men breathed an audible sigh of relief and shook their heads.
Once the opening remarks were done and applauded, Louisa Jane waved to her cast mates, and proceeded to the front of the stage. With a deep curtsey to the distinguished guests of honor, Louisa Jane began her prologue.
"Fifty years ago," said she in a strong, true voice, "when our colonies found themselves locked within a desperate struggle offering scant hope and little chance-"
Charlotte stood behind the screens, preparing to make her appearance, when she suddenly noticed Ned Abbott watching her with an undisputed air of interest. This went to the depths of her heart, and Charlotte wore her look of happiness so well to the stage, that many exclaimed at the sight of her enhanced beauty.
"General Lafayette," smiled Charlotte, "I stand before you, the colony of Massachusetts, with the utmost gratitude. In our darkest moments of misfortune, you answered America's fervent call. Your extraordinary military talents, and the ardor of your pure, virtuous mind - indeed the very treasures of your heart - have devoted themselves without hesitation to our cause -"
Behind the modest stage wall, Hester was readying herself for the upcoming scene. Turning, she expected to see Dr. Abbott and Garrett Billings somewhere near, for they were both in the next tableau. Garrett Billings was indeed standing behind her , fussing with the ornate sleeves of his jacket, however, Dr. Abbott was nowhere to be found. Hester's eyes went wide.
"Where is Dr. Abbott?" she hissed, causing Mr. Merrill and Mr. Quimby to pale all over again with abject panic.
"Oh, dear! Oh, my!" Mr. Quimby chanted incessantly.
"Please, gentlemen, I beg of you, go find him!" Garrett whispered.
Out front, Charlotte had finished her monologue as Massachusetts, and Louisa Jane was heard introducing the next scene.
"And now permit us, kind sir, to bring you back to a most special event in your life, that last day of July, 1777, when you met General George Washington for the very first time."
Hester and Garrett stared at one another for what felt like a frozen eternity before moving out to the stage, where neither spoke.
"Um - here stands before you, a young Marquis de Lafayette," improvised Louisa Jane.
"Bonjour," allowed Garrett at last.
Louisa Jane, guessing at once that Dr. Abbott was amongst the missing, turned to the audience, and put on her most confident smile.
"We are at the City Tavern in Philadelphia, where the young Marquis de Lafayette waits to meet the commander of our troops, General George Washington."
Another deadly pause ensued.
"Bonjour," Garrett repeated hopelessly.
Louisa Jane raised her voice, imploringly. "General Washington is on his way."
With this, an audible "Get out there, now, now, now!" was heard from behind the stage wall mere moments before Dr. Abbott was literally shoved out before the crowd.
"Mon gnral," recited Garrett with a huge sigh of relief, "I am pleased to finally make your acquaintance."
Dr. Abbott took a few unbalanced steps forward, adjusted his sash clumsily, and addressed the audience in a brazen tone.
"What this insolent little upstart does not know, is that we are tired of foreign glory seekers with no military experience coming over here and demanding titles. I am thoroughly prepared to dislike this one, too!" he exclaimed, gesturing at Garrett. "He is young - indeed, still a child. What does he really know about the theater of war?" 
Louisa Jane threw Hester a special glance conveying that she, Hester, should jump in with her dialogue, regardless of not being at the proper place to do so. Hester scurried forward.
"However, Washington saw much in this earnest young man with exquisite manners - this volunteer major general, who came here to humbly learn and grow. And by the conclusion of that dinner, General Washington requested a private counsel with the lad."
Everyone on stage stared at the wobbling Washington.
"Yes, by Jove, come and drink with me!" suggested Dr. Abbott, clearly forgetting his scripted lines as he backed up and stumbled behind the stage wall.
"Er - why, of course, my commander," Garrett said, hesitating. "Although first, I do have more to - um - impart."
Garrett turned and faced the curious, hushed audience.
"On the eighth of August, 1775, the British king's own brother enlightened me about your struggles against repression and taxation. On that very day, my heart was enrolled in a personal mission to focus on political reform. At the age of nineteen, I enlisted as a volunteer major general in your army, and bought my own vessel to sail here. J'ai appris  parler anglais. I learned to speak English. I served as aide-de-camp to General Washington, and fought bravely for the cause of freedom alongside the best of men who believed in my family motto, Cur mon?"
"Cur mon?" repeated Lafayette, curiously. "Why my? Why my what?"
"Mon Dieu," muttered Miss Hartwell, putting her hand to her forehead.
Garrett, seeing Miss Hartwell's reaction, realized he had quoted his Latin phrase incorrectly.
"Cur - pon, no - Cur ron, wait - cur son..."
With each attempt, Lafayette leaned forward with intrigued anticipation.
"Cur non!" shouted Garrett at last.
"Ah, oui!" exclaimed Lafayette. "Cur non - my motto, which means why not!"
"Exactly!" replied Garrett, indicating the general, and rousing tremendous applause from the audience.
"I shall go now, and have my private address with General Washington," announced Garrett.
"A most excellent idea," agreed the general, and all present applauded once more.
Louisa Jane stepped forward, as meanwhile, the Sanborn sisters changed seats.
"Here before you appears Virginia, homeland to our Commander-in-chief, General George Washington."
Lorena Crenshaw swept out as gracefully as a swan, and stood before Lafayette.
"I am Virginia - the birthplace of our nation, and of all our states, the one who owes you the greatest debt of gratitude. We hail you as the hero of liberty, and the friend of man. We greet you as the cherished ally to George Washington, our native son, who rests in eternal peace amongst the somber cypress trees at his treasured Mont Vernon -"
Without warning, Dr. Abbott returned to the stage, intent on performing a scene he had obviously missed.
"My trust in you is deeper than I dare say," he proclaimed directly to Lafayette. "Surrounded by flatterers and secret enemies, I find in you a trustworthy friend."
Lorena furrowed her brow and looked hard at Dr. Abbott.
"George Washington, who rests in eternal peace!"
"Not yet, surely," began the wayward Washington, before slurring through a soliloquy of his own device.
"Go out there, Miss Nettleton, and start your speech!" ordered Mr. Merrill frenziedly from behind the scenes.
"But I haven't received my cue," replied the young lady, demurely.
"Miss Nettleton, your cue is currently careening about the stage. Go!"
Tamsey, not wishing to be outdone by Miss Crenshaw, fluttered her arms as she floated out towards the crowds.
"Welcome, Lafayette, to Georgia, where four-hundred thousand fond people open their arms to greet you! -"
"Dear Lord," sighed Isabel, peering through the screen. "My silly cousin is going all Georgian out there. I knew she would."
The audience applauded warmly for Miss Nettleton's rather exaggerated southern performance. The Sanborn Sisters switched chairs.
Meanwhile, having retrieved Dr. Abbott from his erratic entrance upon the stage, the men began a hurried meeting as what to do next.
"I am so sorry," Dr. Abbott garbled in a mangled whisper. "I only had a few drinks."
"On an empty, nerve-racked stomach," advised Ezra Larabee, gently.
"We've got to do something, and do it quickly," sighed Ned Abbott.
Mr. Hewes and Mr. Niles thankfully appeared.
"Dr. Abbott, are you all right?" asked Mr. Niles.
The doctor replied yes, while shaking his head no.
"Whatever shall we do?" quaked Mr. Quimby.
"We should extract Mr. Ellsworth from the audience, and have him play Washington," suggested the tailor, anxiously wringing his hands.
"He doesn't know the scene. He hasn't rehearsed," explained Martin Jenney. "We need a Washington who can lead, for heaven's sake. Someone who knows what he's doing!"
"Are you suggesting you should be Washington?" scowled Owen Billings.
"Once again, bloody hell no. I'd rather have a blindfold and a noose."
Alonzo Hewes assumed command.
"We have only the final tableau piece to concern ourselves with. Therefore, I am going to suggest that you, Mr. Jenney, drop your role as Cornwallis, mentioning that he refused to appear, and take over General O'Hara. Ned Abbott, instead of O'Hara, you will now be Rochambeau, since he merely suggests that the sword be turned over to Washington. Mr. Billings will change his Rochambeau for Washington's subordinate, General Lincoln, and, of course, Ezra, you stay with General Lafayette. Now, as for Mr. Pomroy, instead of the Comte de Grasse, you shall be our General Washington. Do you feel you can handle that?"
"Me," murmured Mr. Pomroy with awe. "Me - actually portray the illustrious General George Washington?"
"Yes, Mr. Pomroy."
"In front of the most noble, exalted general still living?"
"Yes indeed, Mr. Pomroy."
"With pleasure!" glowed the man.
"Just a moment," said Mr. Billings. "Why is Mr. Larabee the only one not affected? Could I not change places with him? Let Larabee portray Lincoln. I want to be Lafayette."
"Owen," began Mr. Niles, carefully, "that will only confuse things."
"Confuse things? Why it's a monstrous, ridiculously botched-up mess as it is!"
"Mr. Billings, I see no other way," remarked Mr. Hewes.
"Fine - agreed," sighed Mr. Billings.
"Magnificent!" said Mr. Hewes, greatly relieved. "Now, we must change costumes at once. Go, gentleman, go, make haste! The final scene will be upon us before we know it!"
"Ah, Mr. Merrill," began Ezra Larabee, as they made their way towards the screens, "if you have a moment, might we loosen my jacket a bit? It seems to have shrunk."
"Mr. Larabee," huffed the tailor, "the jacket is unchanged. It is you that has grown larger!"
While this rapid costume and character transformation was taking effect, the young ladies of Liberty Fair were causing their families and friends to beam with pride over their performances. Julia Niles had been superb in her newly acquired role as Connecticut. Even Meg Ellsworth, sitting silently in the fourth row with her parents, easily agreed that Miss Niles' rendition proved the better one. The Quimby twins were charming as North and South Carolina, and to everyone's delight and satisfaction, Constance pulled through her performance without the slightest ruffle of nerves. Following the twins' due applause, the Sanborn Sisters, once again, changed seats.
Isabel Abbot surprised one and all with her amiable and unaffected manner. Anna Ellsworth discovered she actually enjoyed play-acting, and was effusive about being in yet another show. Mary Sparling was nothing but enchanting - how she made everyone smile! Indeed, her entire demeanor seemed to suggest she held a tenderly sweet secret very close to her heart.
Bess Goodwin had come forward, twisting the prop cane she held, a bit nervous being so new. But she drew in what little breath she could muster around her constricting stays, and addressed Lafayette with simple sincerity.
"...You, sir, left your abode of ease, affluence, and happiness, to endure the hardships of war. To enumerate your martial deeds is, at this time, unnecessary, yet they awaken and call forth our warmest gratitude. As a tribute of esteem and veneration, permit me, sir, to ask the favor of your acceptance of this small token of respect, taken from an apple tree under which you once dined, and which once afforded you a shelter from the piercing rays of noonday; and although it possesses no healing virtue, may it still be a support. And may you, sir, after ending a life of usefulness and piety, be admitted into the regions of everlasting joy and felicity."
A hush swiftly descended as Selena Jenney appeared and stood center stage as lovely and as gracious as a flower. She nodded to the musicians, who took up a tender tune.
"A letter," she began, "from General George Washington, the tenth of August, 1778."
Selena paused, sensing the entire audience had leaned forward to listen. She fixed a devoted glance upon the Nation's Guest, and continued, the music coloring her meaningful words.

"My Dear Marquis,-Your favor of the 6th instant, which came to my hands yesterday, afforded a fresh proof of the noble principles on which you act, and has a just claim to my sincere and hearty thanks. The common cause, of which you have been a zealous supporter, would, I knew, be benefitted by General Greene's presence at Rhode Island, as he is a native of that state, has an interest with the people, and a thorough knowledge of the country, and, therefore, I accepted his proffered services; but I was a little uneasy, lest you should conceive that it was intended to lessen your command. Your cheerful acquiescence in the measure obviated every difficulty, and gave me singular pleasure.

"I am very happy to find that the standards of France and America are likely to be united under your command, at Rhode Island. I am persuaded, that the supporters of each will promote your glory upon this occasion. The courier is waiting. I have only time therefore, to assure you that with most perfect esteem, and exalted regard, I have the honor to be, my dear marquis, your obedient and affectionate servant. George Washington."

At the conclusion of Selena's tribute, the general, a bit teary-eyed, stood to applaud her touching delivery, and thus did the entire audience. Selena was elated.
The last of the young ladies to speak was Miss Mary Billings, who proved tremendously heartwarming as the audience's very own New Hampshire.
Next, was the ever-important Yorktown Tableau. Louisa Jane drew a deep breath and moved closer to the audience, as the gentlemen assembled behind her.
"We come to the pinnacle of our struggle for freedom, the battlefield at Yorktown," began Louisa Jane, as the Sanborn Sisters once again awkwardly changed seats. "And it was here, because of your undying devotion to liberty, your never-ending generosity to our cause, General Lafayette, that the king's army finally realized that the undertaking and belief in our hearts would never die, and they issued their ultimate surrender."
Louisa Jane turned to indicate the tableau of gentlemen, and when she witnessed them all in different costuming - not to mention being presented with an entirely different General George Washington - Louisa Jane's confidence completely crumbled.
"I am so confused," she uttered aimlessly.
"The British General Charles Cornwallis refused to meet with Washington at the formal surrender, claiming illness," began Martin Jenney, completely off script. "Of course, we all know the real reason had nothing to do with feeling a trifle under the weather. For example, could you imagine Marlborough calling off the War of the Spanish Succession merely because he was suffering a bout of sniffles? Never! The best British generals throughout history have rallied on, despite having an arm, or a leg - or sometimes their bloody head - nearly blown off. Gad Zeus, no, the real reason, dear audience, is because Washington was not a true general in the proper way of things. Therefore, a true general would never kowtow to a fake one. It simply isn't done."
"General," said Mrs. Jenney, as she stood in the audience, "while we all sympathize with your understanding of a centuries long structured military, we are here today to salute the other kind that unmistakably and undeniably, ahem, did you in. So, if you would, good sir, please continue."
"We shall discuss this at home, my lady," returned her husband with a pretended scowl.
"Indeed, sir, we shall," she replied, as the audience enjoyed a robust laugh.
"So, as Cornwallis' second in command, Brigadier General Charles O'Hara, I offer this trophy to the French commander-in-chief, General Rochambeau," announced Mr. Jenney, as he reluctantly held out the sword to Mr. Billings.
"I am not Rochambeau," stated Mr. Billings.
"What?" muttered Mr. Jenney. "Oh, yes - um - you there, sir," he went on, looking at Jefferson Pomroy.
"No, not me!" hissed Mr. Pomroy, frantically pointing at Ned Abbott. "Him!"
"Huh?" asked Mr. Jenney.
"Not me - him!"
"Him? Oh. Oh! So you are Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, Comte de Rochambeau?"
"When last I was told, sir, yes," informed Ned Abbott, fussing with his collar and jacket which were a bit too snug owing to the fact he was taller and broader than its intended owner, Mr. Billings.
"Then accept this glorious sword as evidence of our capitulation," recited Mr. Jenney, playfully balancing the prop weapon on one finger, towards Ned.
"This honor belongs to the American commander-in-chief, General George Washington," answered Ned Abbott, as best he could recall Mr. Billings' spoken lines.
"Aha! Then this is the Virginian who outfoxed us at many a turn," said Mr. Jenney, taking an en garde stance towards Owen Billings.
"You mistake me again, General O'Hara," said Mr. Billings, pushing the blade away with annoyance. "General Washington is here."
"And where is the Comte de Grasse?" questioned Mr. Jenney loftily.
"Obviously not here," snapped Mr. Billings.
"Aha!" repeated Mr. Jenney, advancing menacingly towards the trembling Mr. Pomroy, "then this is the Virginian who outfoxed us at many a turn. I should have known. He adds a certain amount of glamour to this group, and exudes a profound depth of feeling and romanticism," he added, glancing out towards the audience in the direction of George Ellsworth, and winking. "There, my good man, accept this historic sword as a show of our , oh, how I hate to label it, surrender."
Jefferson Pomroy pumped up his chest and delivered his speech histrionically.
"While I might consider that an honor, sir, as you are a second in command, I feel that this privilege belongs to my second in command, General Benjamin Lincoln."
"Really? And which one of you might that be?"
Owen Billings frowned and raised his hand.
"And why sir, should a second get the sword?"
"That question was never in the script," hinted Ned Abbott quietly to Mr. Jenney.
"I care not!" Mr. Jenney went on, reveling in his moment, and madly brandishing his toy sword about. "I do demand to know - why should a second in command receive this unparalleled prize?"
"Because General Lincoln was slighted and insulted in his surrender to your Lieutenant General Clinton in Charleston," provided Mr. Pomroy proudly as Washington.
"You think that little namby-pamby skirmish was an insult - well, what about this far bigger one?"
"Sir, I am not understanding you," mumbled Mr. Pomroy.
"Then perhaps you would better understand a duel, you fake of a general, you -"
Louisa Jane moved swiftly towards her father.
"And the good Brigadier General O'Hara kindly turned Cornwallis' sword over to General Benjamin Lincoln," she decreed.
Mr. Jenney grimaced.
"Please, father, we are all waiting," she begged.
Sighing, Mr. Jenney passed the sword to Ned Abbott, who passed it back to him, indicating he should pass it to Mr. Billings. Mr. Jenney then passed it to Mr. Pomroy, who mistakenly gave it to Ned Abbott, who then handed it correctly to Mr. Billings.
With great relief, Louisa Jane delivered the final passage of the play.
"And with this, a new page of history unfolded, praising the names of Washington and Lafayette forever," said she, as Ezra Larabee strode out and ceremoniously shook Mr. Pomroy's hand before both stood still in a majestic tableau.
"My, my, but I ate well between battles," jested the true general to Miss Hartwell.
With this, the musicians struck up a tune Elaine Abbott wrote and sang most beautifully in French, as the Pomroy girls swept towards the stage with their immense headpieces held proudly in place. Behind the scenes, Mr. Merrill and Mr. Quimby mimicked their movements, tears of unmitigated joy running down their faces, for the wretched play, at last, was done.
In General Lafayette's eyes, however, had fireworks magically emerged from the flowers, and a chorus of angels gifted everyone present with eternal life, the venerated hero would have been no less enchanted. The evening, in short, was a remarkably unique and spectacular one.



CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Monday, the 27th of June, 1825
Evening
Grand farewells


After meeting with the many guests who had traveled from distant farms and homesteads, General Lafayette had the better part of two hours left to spend with the good people of Liberty Fair.
The Larabees opened up their tavern for a splendid reception with fine food and drink, and music for dancing. Lafayette visited first with the ladies, most of whom had participated in his pageant. Seated in the center of so many pretty young girls, the general was in his element relating his life in France, and memories of his dearest wife, Adrienne.
The greatest surprise, however, came when Lafayette asked Miss Emily Billings for the first dance, and she happily accepted. Mrs. Billings, quite flabbergasted, completely dismissed her campaign over being the best Lady Washington. Her Emily was the one to shine that night.
On his part, Dr. Abbott, now feeling more himself, could not be more apologetic about his less than sober rendition of Lafayette's hero, George Washington. General Lafayette was neither truly offended or disturbed.
"General Washington did consider me a bit of an upstart," Lafayette confessed with a nostalgic smile. "Those who came before me were indeed glory-seekers - some were obstinate old windbags - and others even trying to evade the law. But I told Washington that I came to learn, not teach. Instantly, we were like father and son. I could have no better mentor in my life."
"General Lafayette, sir, tell us what it was like to shoot-up lobsterbacks," pleaded Patrick Henry Abbott, with Michael Niles at his side.
"Patrick Henry," warned his mother, "General Lafayette may not wish to discuss this."
"He is young," replied the general to Mrs. Abbott. "Perhaps I could explain -"
At this moment, all eyes turned towards a feeble and worn old man who appeared in the doorway, alongside Effie Randall. It was Samuel MacGregor.
"I must speak with the general," he implored plaintively.
"Samuel, I think it's best that -" began Mr. Larabee, however, Lafayette put up his hand.
"I will speak with this gentleman," he advised, and the music stopped.
Samuel MacGregor moved towards Lafayette in much the same way one would approach a king.
"General, sir, you couldn't possibly remember me, but I served under your command at the Battle of Brandywine, where you were wounded. I ran ahead of Tom Harvey who carried you upon his own back to that makeshift hospital in a farmhouse. I recall running as if dear life depended on it. It did, because it was your life at stake."
"I do remember that," professed the general, "and I met with Thomas Harvey during my Portsmouth tour."
"He is still alive, then," grinned Samuel. "I figured he might could be. Tom Harvey was a tough ol' fox. In any event, general, I was there outside your room in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, where the nice Moravians were taking care of you. I guarded your door. We even spoke now and then - one particular day, we jawed on about poetry. No one would ever guess I liked poetry, and come to find out, so did you."
"A moment, kind sir," begged the general, reaching into his jacket pocket and drawing out a miniature volume, which he displayed to the room. "This is your collection of poetry, gallant soldier, and your name is Samuel MacGregor. It is written here upon the inside cover of this little book that I have kept with me always. It has guided me through my darkest hours of imprisonment and war."
Mr. MacGregor wept freely, and Lafayette held out his arms to the weary man.
"War," managed Mr. MacGregor through his tears of emotion, "it was a rough business."
The general indicated Patrick Henry and Michael.
"These boys wish to know what it was really like for us out there."
"You young'uns have no idea," said Samuel, gently. "It's marching barefoot through snow and sludge, and sleeping on a cold ground beneath an unforgiving sky. It's food not fit for worms, and rank water that claws through you like the sharp edge of a knife. It's a demon that lodges itself in your brain, whispering that it is fine to kill another human being just to steal his boots. And that first moment you face your fellow man with a gun is one that will haunt you the rest of your natural days. You only win boys, when you have a cause, and the others don't. And we had a cause, and the greatest of leaders. So, for liberty, Washington and Lafayette, I would endure it all again - but only for them, boys, only for them."
Every person present in that room had listened to Samuel MacGregor so intently that not a move was made, a breath drawn, nor a sound uttered. Samuel MacGregor, the man so many had chosen to ignore - the outcast so many simply pretended did not exist - Samuel MacGregor had spelled out the meaning of sacrifice more plainly than any poem or pageant could ever do.
"To Samuel MacGregor," declared George Ellsworth, raising his glass, and to which all heartily joined in.
"To Samuel MacGregor!"
"Mr. MacGregor, my friend," said the general, "would you desire the return of the book you so graciously loaned me nearly forty-eight years ago?"
"No, general - you keep it, sir - and may it be a comfort to you all the many more days of your life."
"And I've brought you something too, general," proclaimed little Effie Randall, elbowing her way through the crowd. "A bottle of Madeira from 1781, and some Pennsylvania Rice Cake for you to enjoy on your carriage ride to Windsor."
"However may I thank you for such thoughtful generosity, good madam?" inquired the general, bowing.
"You can dance with me before asking any of these other silly little floozies to the floor," she exclaimed with a gleam in her eye, which only made everyone laugh.
General Lafayette did dance with Miss Randall, who confessed how she had mistaken a letter from a Fayetteville soldier to be one from him.
"I knew you weren't my Gilby, the moment I saw you," Effie pouted.
"I am sorry to disappoint," returned the general.
"Oh, no, you are far better looking, General Lafayette," she purred.
"And you, madam, are fetching."
"Fetching?" she laughed. "Hogwash, general. When I was younger, I was a definite hot toddy!"
Lafayette danced with nearly every lady of Liberty Fair. When Ezra Larabee was concerned he might be tired, the general replied that he was far too pleased to feel fatigue.
While Lafayette was reveling in a spirited dance with Mrs. Larabee, Mr. Hewes, at last, sought out Selena.
"All things considered, it was an astounding pageant," he began.
"It did have its moments," Selena smiled, "but the end result was most rewarding."
"You were - you are - a splendid actress, Miss Jenney."
"Why, thank you, Mr. Hewes," Selena answered, blushing.
"I'm not sure your father would readily approve, however, you could easily tour Europe, and be vastly adored, Miss Jenney, for you are that accomplished."
Selena felt certain that a declaration was near at hand, and her very eyelashes fluttered with the beating of her heart.
"We were graced with the easy excuse of play practices to meet and converse these past six months," he said, smiling. "And I have immeasurably enjoyed our talks - so immeasurably, I am not sure how I will be enlightened, and humored, and indeed happy, without them."
Yes, her heart seemed to pound - yes, this was it!
"Miss Jenney, if I may, I wish to reveal a truth most prevalent in my heart - a truth too elated to remain still."
"Oh, Mr. Hewes," she whispered.
"I can no longer hide my joyous news. Miss Jenney, I wish you to be the first to know that I have found true happiness with Miss Hartwell."
"I -" she muttered, and then had no idea what to say next. She felt enveloped in an strange, unfeeling haze.
"It happened quite by surprise," Mr. Hewes went on, not noticing the peculiar look upon Selena's face. "We had been working together on this pageant, and similar to my chats with you, my talks with Miss Hartwell began rather lighthearted, but rapidly grew into meaningful conversations. She is delightful - so witty - and yet so very intelligent. She understands me, and inspires me, as no one ever has before. With her by my side, I am blissfully complete."
"I am truly happy for you," Selena said, and as best she could tell, she meant it.
A bustling commotion outside brought it to everyone's attention that the coach had arrived to transport Lafayette to his next place of visit.
"Come, let us wish the general well," said Mr. Hewes, offering his arm to Selena.
She readily recalled that day upon the green, when Mr. Hewes escorted her to Mr. Larabee's announcement regarding General Lafayette's greatly anticipated arrival. How long ago that seemed - a  different lifetime, perhaps. The memory was already bittersweet, as the memories of this day would soon also be. Selena couldn't help but smile.
One and all had gathered outside Larabee's Tavern, where Mr. Charles Sparling arrived with his lovely carriage.
"With apologies, General Lafayette, the wheel of your carriage is still being mended. Allow me please, to escort you in my humble transport, which I built with my own hands, and christened the Liberty Coach."
The general was indeed impressed, and remarked upon the beautiful hand-crested eagle across the front.
"My daughter, Mary, painted that," Mr. Sparling beamed. "She was in your pageant, general, and is now-"
"Right here, good sir," Mary exclaimed, coming around from the back of the coach, dressed in her impressive livery, and curtseying. "Or, perhaps I should bow," she added with a charming little grin.
Immediately, Garrett Billings was at Mary's side, also attired in fine livery. He bowed respectfully to Lafayette.
"We would be delighted to accept your most gracious offer," confirmed the general, indicating his son and secretary who stood by his side.
Mary and Garrett promptly moved towards the carriage doors. Meanwhile, Mrs. Billings, who was within earshot of Louisa Jane, suddenly gasped and tugged on her cousin's arm.
"Frances, look! That dainty little woman about to step into that gorgeous barouche over there - do you see her?"
"Why, yes I do, cousin. Do you know her?"
"Not in the least, however, I will wager my silver tea set that is Lady Rhodri."
"Oh, I do believe you are correct, cousin - look at her bearing, her demeanor. She is certainly a lady of notable European flair."
"Mr. Niles!" hissed Grace Billings, "Mr. Niles, oh, do come here!"
"Yes, Mrs. Billings?"
"That distinctive woman there, with the plumed turban, and the lavender shawl. Is that the mysterious Lady Rhodri?"
"I cannot be sure, madam. You see, I have never formally made her acquaintance. However, I do have her next column right here," he went on, holding up a thick folded letter from inside his jacket pocket. "It was moments ago delivered by a livery servant to my attention, so perhaps you are right."
"I knew it!" Mrs. Billings breathed. "Oh, I do hope she mentions that my Emily was the first to dance with the general."
"I'm sure she has, Mrs. Billings," said Mr. Niles, with a quick wink to Louisa Jane. "And now, kind ladies, we should bid a fond farewell to our Nation's Guest."
By the doorway to the tavern, Mr. Hewes had spotted Miss Hartwell, and he rushed to bring her to see Selena. To observe them side by side, and behold the pride upon his face - indeed to witness the  lovely serenity that made Miss Hartwell so very beautiful - well, it was all Selena needed. She would not cry or feel self-pity. On the contrary, she was somehow inexplicably relieved.
Excusing herself from the happy couple, Selena was making her way towards Louisa Jane when a familiar hand reached out to her. She turned to see Meg Ellsworth, her expression contrite.
"So, Miss Hartwell was his secret," guessed Meg.
Selena nodded wistfully.
"I thought you were," revealed Meg.
"And I thought you were," Selena affirmed quietly, and the two hugged each other and laughed until they cried.
The general was now waving to everyone and preparing to step into the coach. Charles Sparling went forward and spoke with encouragement to his team of four handsome white horses.
"Behave prettily now, my lovelies, for you are transporting the greatest man alive in the world today."
Mary and Garrett took their places upon the foot-board.
"I have a confession to make," said Mary, cautiously.
"If you are willing to tell me, I am anxious to hear it," answered Garrett.
"The day of Selena's skating party - when you arrived over the hill - well, I placed myself exactly where I knew you'd show up," she admitted, her eyes carefully upon his face.
"And I, too, have a confession to make," announced Garrett. "On the day of the skating party, I arrived where I did, because I saw you standing there."
Mary and Garrett reached out their hands to one another, just as the carriage pulled away.
Amidst the jubilant shouting and cheering, there were few people happier in their hearts than Selena and Meg, for they had discovered that the truest treasure in life could be found in the bonds of friendship.
The two, wiping tears of emotion from their eyes, noticed that Charlotte was delighting in a cozy conversation with Ned Abbott.
"I believe Ned will now be a part of our paper boat racing parties," observed Meg with a grin.
"At least there is a happy ending for Charlotte," agreed Selena.
They watched as the Liberty Coach ambled by, and it was not terribly difficult to recognize the  charming conclusion set for Garrett and Mary, as well.
"Oh, no!" gasped Selena.
"I do not mind in the least," sighed Meg. "As a matter of fact, I couldn't be more pleased."
"Whatever are we to do?" laughed Selena, and it was then they observed the five Pierce brothers congregated in the center of the road alongside their distinguished father.
"Hmm," said Meg.
"Hmm, indeed," concurred Selena.
"They are fine looking," decided Meg.
"They are here only until October," advised Selena.
"Still, so much can happen in one short season," hinted Meg.
"Agreed, Meg - however, you must tell me at once, and for true, which one strikes your fancy."
Meg reviewed the five with a stealthy glance.
"The tall one with the golden hair and sparkling blue eyes," said Meg, decidedly.
"That couldn't be better, as I am taken with the brooding one with a worldly face."
"What next?" wondered Meg with a giggle.
"What next will be left to our enterprising mothers," affirmed Selena, as she put her arm about Meg's waist, and with their prettiest smiles, the two strolled to the opposite side of the road where their beauty and charm could be best admired.
The next part had, in fact, already been set in motion by the swift-thinking Drusilla Jenney.
"Mr. Jenney," said she, at his side, "we must invite the newly arrived artist to dine with us."
"The artist?"
"Yes, husband, the artist."
"Whatever happened to the writer?"
"His intentions have settled elsewhere."
"And when did this colossal moment occur?"
"In the blink of an eye, for all we know, and for all we care. We must now move on to the artist and his five sons."
"My dear wife, you promised me the prolific writer would marry one of our daughters, and now it appears I am to chase down an amateur artist."
"Yes, that is the plan, and a good one, for our chances are now five-fold."
"Ah, that means one for every daughter, and a spare for you when you grow tired of me," chided Mr. Jenney.
"Never," smiled Mrs. Jenney.
"Then the second-rate artist it is," sighed Mr. Jenney. "After all, his artwork cannot be half as bad as that pageant script we were supposed to present with straight faces."
"Yes, Mr. Jenney, considering your recklessly wild improvisations, you obviously found issue with the actual dialogue."
"It was a blithering mess, all overblown with incessant erenows and hithertos and such. It's no wonder Benjamin Abbott got brandy-faced. The whole thing was a blundering disgrace. Why, I should have written it."
"Then you shall write the next," proclaimed his wife.
"The next, my pet?" he replied as they strolled arm-in-arm down the starlit lane. "I'm afraid it will be a long time before this village can summon up the strength to hail another hero. No, I was thinking of penning a novel about four silly girls and their beautiful, but conniving mother..."



A FINAL NOTE

Monday, the 4th of July, 1825
As published in the Liberty Fair Gazette

Reflections through the Ruby Glass
with Lady Rhodri


This Monday past marked a historic occasion for your fair village of Liberty Fair - the visit of General Lafayette.
Despite an unforeseen mishap with the general's carriage, his arrival was met with no less enthusiasm than if a hundred thousand people were present. The general and his party enjoyed a picnic repast upon the banks of the river at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Martin Jenney, with all of the delectable fare supplied by the loving hands of a dedicated group of local ladies.
Just before twilight, the general was treated to a pageant written in his particular honor by Mr. Frank Niles, newspaperman, and Alonzo Hewes, a novelist from my homeland of Wales. This production readily offered sentimental moments most dear, as well as a good dose of comedic relief, which our Nation's Guest appeared to revel in.
At a reception following, the general delighted in a first dance with the lovely Miss Emily Billings. How Miss Billings will treasure this tender memory, and someday relate to her grandchildren the momentous day a celebrated hero of two worlds singled her out for the opening allemande.
At this same gathering, the general was reunited with a soldier who served him well in our struggles against Great Britain. Mr. Samuel MacGregor is that gentleman, and I am indeed elated to report that this touching victim of war's wrath has been moved from his humble dwelling just outside of town to a position of comfort with the Ellsworth family.
It is also with happiness that I note and congratulate the engagement of writer Alonzo Hewes to Miss Vivian Hartwell of Liberty Fair. The two will be wed in your idyllic village before returning to Wales, where Mr. Hewes is expected to complete his second novel.
Hearsay has it that celebrated portrait painter, Danforth Pierce, who is leasing a riverfront estate in Liberty Fair throughout the season, will be selecting nine models for his next work, Dance of the Muses. Certainly, Mr. Pierce has settled upon the perfect village, for nowhere will he find more charming and agreeable young ladies.
Until the next time we glance through the ruby glass, I wish you on this patriotic day, the best pursuits of life, liberty, and above all, happiness.
Bright moments -
LADY RHODRI


####
the end
for now



Acknowledgments

As the last surviving general of the American revolution, Lafayette was indeed a super star on his 1824-1825 tour of a young United States. Beloved by all classes of Americans, Lafayette was lavishly entertained everywhere he went.
To learn more about Lafayette's fascinating year as our Nation's Guest, I strongly recommend reading Lafayette in America, painstakingly translated from the original French account by Alan Hoffman. I would like to personally thank Mr. Hoffman for reviewing and improving the sections of my story where Lafayette appears. Mr. Hoffman's passion and devotion for maintaining Lafayette's rightful place in American history is exemplary. To learn more about the book, the man, and the author, please visit http://www.lafayetteinamerica.com.

Inspirations

In June of 1825, Dr. Leonard Jarvis transported General Lafayette in his woven willow, silk-lined basket wagon ten miles northwest to Windsor, Vermont from his hometown of Claremont, New Hampshire.
Claremont was my hometown, too. Therefore, from this little, somewhat forgotten page from the past, a fanciful tale splashed with true antiquity blossomed. I enjoy making history fun to read about. If you have an interesting tale of yesteryear, please email me at marycarterauthor@gmail.com. Perhaps your city or town will inspire a Smashwords success!

About Me

Throughout the course of many careers in my life, I have always wanted to be a real writer. I attempted a few traditional publishing paths, with little success, and then I discovered Smashwords. Some traditional publishers will say that being on Smashwords does not make one a true author. However, the test is in the trying - and most importantly - what you, the readers, really think. So, we shall see!

Above all, I thank you for reading my little tale about the Jenneys, their neighbors, and their world. They are all very dear to me, and I am so glad they were introduced to you. Please let your friends know about Liberty Fair, - and if you have a moment, a quick review through your favorite retailer would be so very nice!

As Lady Rhodri would say -

Bright Moments,
Mary

Contact
marycarterauthor@gmail.com



OTHER WORKS BY MARY J CARTER

Comedic novel - HIGH SPIRITS  - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/490107
Newly divorced Harley Straker is granted reasonable support while completing her historical romance novel. Imagine Harley's surprise when the replacement wife writes it first. Picture also the community's shock and surprise when an 18th century spirit materializes just in time to promote the new Mrs. Straker's book, resulting in a hilarious ghost hunt around a town gone mad with haunted fever.

Two-Act Play: RAVENSBANE - http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/514217
A woman wronged in love calls upon the mystical spirits to spell a scarecrow in order to avenge her past. Tragedy ensues when her enchanting puppet discovers he has a soul. Inspired by Nathaniel Hawthorne's short story, Feathertop, and the 1908 play, Scarecrow, by Percy MacKaye, this revised two-act play with alternative light and dark endings is perfect for school and amateur theater productions. 

Youth Shakespearean Theater: DREAMWEAVER-https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/516944
This laugh-a-minute music and dance adaptation of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream has been especially crafted for elementary school-aged cast members. The tried and true script offers additional speaking and non-speaking roles for that large classroom project, complete with staging notes and budget-friendly production hints. Kids love it, and audiences will too! 

YA Competition piece: ROOM 319 - https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/512780
Sixteen-year-old Nicole Davis has wound up in detention. But why? In Nicole's mind, it's only the goths, freaks, speds, nerds, and no-lives who deserve to be quarantined together after school. See what happens in this dramatic competition piece that reveals the true pain behind social ostracism and substance abuse. 6 female student roles, 1 hall monitor, and 2 offstage voices
