
The Playmakers
Shakespeare and Marlowe – murder and deceit
Graeme Johnstone
A novel based on a story as told, and a concept devised by, Kevin Heeney

The Playmakers
Shakespeare and Marlowe – murder and deceit
Copyright © 2005, 2015 by Graeme Johnstone
G. & E. Johnstone
978-0-9925059-3-6
Smashwords Edition
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of the author.
The information, views, opinions and visuals expressed in this publication are solely those of the author and do not reflect those of the publisher. The publisher disclaims any liabilities or responsibilities whatsoever for any damages, libel or liabilities arising directly or indirectly from the contents of this publication.
This book is a work of fiction. Any similarity between the characters and situations within its pages and places or persons, living or dead, is unintentional and coincidental.
1st Edition (2005)
BeWrite Books UK
ISBN 978-1-9052020-8-9

Dedicated to all those in the world who recognize that not everything is what it seems.

CONTENTS
PROLOGUE
CHAPTER ONE
CHAPTER TWO
CHAPTER THREE
CHAPTER FOUR
CHAPTER FIVE
CHAPTER SIX
CHAPTER SEVEN
CHAPTER EIGHT
CHAPTER NINE
CHAPTER TEN
CHAPTER ELEVEN
CHAPTER TWELVE
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
CHAPTER NINETEEN
CHAPTER TWENTY
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE
CHAPTER THIRTY
THE PEOPLE BEHIND THE PLAYMAKERS

PROLOGUE
1589
Norwich, England
Execution was not their usual job. The two men were normally messengers, occasionally spies, and, more often than not, musclemen proficient at persuading a wavering soul to support the Protestant ethic of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth.
Now, here they were, on a chilly April evening - in front of a large, noisy mob of traders, smiths, wives, layabouts, drunkards, thieves, rowdy low-lifers, and the Norwich village comedian - struggling to set fire to a man chained to a stake.
“Come on, get it going, we’re freezing over here!” came a voice from the onlookers, inspiring a burst of laughter.
One of the two appointed agents of the Court of the Star Chamber, a bearded, beefy man with short bowlegs, struggled up from the lifeless fire, intent on chastising the unsighted heckler. His senior partner, taller, thinner and clean-shaven, summoned him back to the task, throwing him a neatly tied bundle of sticks.
“Just get these faggots in place,” the boss hissed. “Strike the flint and let’s get it over and done with.”
“These faggots is green,” his deputy sullenly replied, examining the bundle. He was right. Some of the twigs had only recently been cut from the oak trees of the nearby forests in Norfolk.
“Oh, I see, you’re going to let him freeze to death, instead!” came the voice again.
Cavernous mouths containing blackened and missing teeth opened in unison, and more laughter echoed through the town square. The frivolity encouraged more observers to come out of the shops to witness the burning of Francis Kett at the stake.
The junior of the two executioners, his round face flushed with anger, wiped his hands on a battered leather waistcoat, which barely touched each side of his belly, and rose again to snare the invisible miscreant. “Listen,” he shouted, “if I catch whoever is saying that, he’ll be going up in flames along with this bleedin’ atheist, all right?”
“At least I’d have a warm arse,” came the mystery voice.
The crowd laughed again. But it was suddenly stilled, not only by the executioner’s malevolent glare as he waddled over to the faces in the front row, but a defiant burst of sound from the person chained to the single wooden upright.
“I am not an atheist,” came the cry. “I am not an atheist.”
It was the same phrase that Francis Kett, poet, writer, visionary and Free Thinker, had shouted at the Star Chamber hearing earlier in the day. He had screamed it in frustration after hours of vainly presenting logical, intellectual argument that his views on the earth, life, and the after-life were not heretical. The bishops, sitting behind a high wooden table at the end of the dimly lit room in Norwich Castle, had been unmoved.
They did not brook thoughts that ran contrary to the views of the Church of England. Thoughts that besmirched the name of God. Thoughts that ran against all proper-thinking Christian doctrine. Thoughts that could threaten their control …
The guilty verdict had been a formality.
Francis Kett had repeated his protest as a dozen hooded men had slowly marched him across the drawbridge out of the castle where forty years before, another Kett, the wealthy landowner Robert, had been beheaded for leading a rebellion against social and religious change.
“I am not an atheist,” he had declared again, as they passed through the unruly, jeering crowd and down the muddy road to the centre of the east England village.
“What’s an atheist?” a poorly-clad pig farmer, wiping his nose with the back of a grubby hand, had said to a man standing next to him as the entourage walked by.
“An atheist? You don’t know what an atheist is?” his friend said. “You’ve been spending too much time on them pigs of yours.”
“Just tell me.”
“It means that he don’t believe in what you and I believe in.”
“And what’s that, then?”
“You know, all things right and proper.”
“Right and proper, hey? That could mean anything.”
“Exactly. It can, and does, mean anything …”
And now, the crowd stood silent as the words rang through the square.
“I am not an atheist!” Kett cried, his beard wet with spittle, his dark hair matted, his once-sparkling brown eyes dimming with resignation.
A cheery, well-rounded woman, her bonnet tied tightly around puffy red cheeks, nudged a tall, skinny, redheaded fellow next to her. “Go on, George, give them another!”
The tall man looked down, his blue eyes sparkling from under a battered leather hat. He nodded, stroked his ginger goatee for a second, cleared this throat and shouted, “Well, mate, you may not be an atheist now, but you won’t be anything once Gog and Magog can get this bleedin’ fire going!”
But on this occasion, the timing was wrong and the joke fell flat.
Amid the awkward silence, the two bemused executioners grabbed some drier wood, got down on their knees in the stinking mud, and huffed and puffed the twigs into life. They had chosen the method favoured by the Spanish and perfected through the Inquisition – arranging the faggots so that they just reached the victim’s waist. This gave the leering witnesses a clear view of the offender writhing in agony, rather than dying behind a barrier of flame from wood stacked too high.
The flames first danced around Kett’s legs, setting fire to his breeches and singeing the skin, giving him a terrible preview of what was to come. As they roared into life, under stimulation from a small pair of bellows borrowed from a nearby blacksmith, only Kett’s strong will and defiant intellect enabled him to block out the excruciating pain and hold back from screaming – the very response the crowd had come along to hear.
Nevertheless, the mob roared in glee as the flames finally start to lick around his upper body, setting fire to his shirt, forcing him to throw his head from side to side in anguish.
Their joy was not shared by two men standing at the back, their clothes and demeanour setting them apart from the crowd.
On one, an undernourished, wispy fuzz purporting to be a beard clung tenuously to the outer edges of an almost perfectly oval face. A similarly reedy moustache battled for credence against the authority of two handsome eyebrows and a wonderful shock of brown hair drawn back from an expansive forehead. The symmetrical curve of the sallow face was complemented by two almond-shape brown eyes. Sharp eyes. Quick eyes. The eyes of an observer.
On the other, the hazel eyes had an edge about them, an element of alarm, an indication that the owner was not comfortable yet with his life and his role. He was slightly shorter than his companion, clean-shaven, with sandy hair and paler skin.
Amid the crowd wearing crudely-cut leather trousers and rough shirts, the pair stood out with their tailored breeches, calf-high leather boots, capes, rakish hats with feathers, and colourful doublets over spotless silk shirts.
The shorter of the two men, Thomas Kyd, spoke first. “Why are we here? There is no comfort to be had watching a friend burn at the stake.”
The man with the oval face, Christopher Marlowe, replied, “But there may be some small comfort for him to know that there are people here who believe in what he said.”
It was not uncommon for the well-educated pair of young men to talk about death. They were both writers, with Kyd working on a play, The Spanish Tragedy, in which practically every character meets his demise. An intense young man, Kyd saw this work-in-progress as his big opportunity to break from the humdrum of academia and teaching, and establish himself as a writer.
Cambridge-educated Marlowe, on the other hand, had stolen a march on his friend, and was already becoming the darling of the theatre set. His first play had been performed, a masterpiece about the doomed Dr Faustus, and he was riding high on the triumph.
But the deadly scene before them was no fiction scrawled in longhand on a piece of scrappy parchment. This was the real thing.
The pair fell silent again, watching as the cruel flames began to sear Francis Kett’s flesh so badly it was beginning to melt. Eventually he could hold out no longer and let out an agonized bray. Such was its loudness, so sorrowful did it sound, that it momentarily stilled the bubbling noise of the crowd.
There was an eerie fragment of silence, and then they burst into more shouts of glee.
“My God,” whispered Kyd, as tears welled, “these animals think it’s fun.”
“Did you say God? Is there a God?” answered Marlowe, as the eyes of their friend began to bulge from their sockets and the flesh of his face drained into the flames. “How could you even remotely consider there is a God, a God who would allow such a monstrous thing to happen? Is death a deserved punishment for letting the mind wander into fresh fields of thought that others are so ignorant or so scared to even consider entering?”
“Especially death like this,” said Kyd angrily, “when the men who organise such a disgrace say they are of the cloth and …”
Kyd stopped mid-sentence as he felt the force of Marlowe’s right elbow into his left ribcage. He was about to protest at the rough handling when he saw Marlowe cock his head to a point in space behind Kyd’s right shoulder. “Shhh …”
Standing behind them and to the right was a man looking fixedly at the grotesque scene, apparently oblivious of their discussion. Marlowe had seen this face before. And he knew this man was straining to hear every scrap of their talk over the roar of the crowd.
Richard Baines was not the sort of person you would want gleaning the slightest syllable of your conversation. His weasel face and whippet-like frame matched his role in life as an informer, the ultimate ferret of information for the Court of the Star Chamber – some of it true, most of it not. He thrived in these times of deep suspicion and organised spying, often being seen in dark recesses of the Court, relaying in his familiar hoarse whisper venomous reportage of yet another alleged indiscretion.
Marlowe leaned imperceptibly towards Kyd’s left ear and whispered, “The sewerage runs in the streets of England, and Richard Baines swims in it.”
Kyd cocked his head to Marlowe, indicating that they exit to the side of the square as quickly as possible. Marlowe smiled, looked at Kyd for a moment, then suddenly jumped up on his toes and shouted above the noise of the crowd, “Mr Baines! Mr Baines! You have duties here in Norwich?”
Kyd turned sharply again, looking at Marlowe in shock, puzzled at this senseless turn of events, his face pleading that this conversation be taken no further.
Baines slowly turned to his left, gave a frozen smile, nodded slightly, and moved toward them. “My business takes me everywhere, Mr Marlowe,” he said stiffly, seemingly uncomfortable at being spotted by his quarry.
“You must tire of some of the more distressing elements of the job,” replied Marlowe, nodding toward the flames.
“Some might say this is distressing, Mr Marlowe. I call it a result. Your reward may be the sound of hands clapping. Mine is of flames crackling.”
“I only write of death, Mr Baines. Not engineer it.”
“Let’s hope your words will not one day engineer your own death, Mr Marlowe.”
“Engineer my own death? Now there’s a thought, Mr Baines …”
Baines baulked for a second and then stepped forward, his face an inch from that of Marlowe’s, his eyes glaring. “I hate your type, Marlowe. You and your university friends, with your smart comments, and your scribbling away under patronage, thinking that what you write is important. As the Lord is my God, and Elizabeth is my Queen, I swear I’ll get you.”
And suddenly he was gone, melting into the heaving, foul-smelling crowd.
Kyd shook his head and turned to his friend. “Are you mad, Christopher?” he screamed. “He’s the number one informer! He’ll hightail it back to London tonight, to plant the seeds of our destruction. They’ll never leave us alone.”
“Thomas, just keep writing and making a name for yourself. The more you write, the greater the chance they will not touch you.”
“I can’t believe you would be so brash to do such a thing.”
“I may be a university graduate, Thomas, but don’t forget, I’m still the son of a shoemaker.”
“Then don’t come running to me in your father’s lovingly made shoes when they throw you on the rack.”
“Nor you me, Thomas. Nor you me …”
A mighty roar from the crowd, responding as the flames consumed more of Kett’s body, forced them to look back at the stake. They fell silent, their eyes misting over. It did not matter that they could no longer clearly see the awful image through their tears. The odour of burning flesh told them their friend was dead, destroyed for daring to think.
The flames ultimately died, as did the noise, and the crowd began to disperse.
Even tall, thin George, who had kept up his comments at the executioners all night, had mellowed and was now making friends with his former rivals.
“Well done, lads,” he said to the pair, as they collected their belongings. “A little fire like this every night, and Norwich’ll be the warmest place in all of England.”
Marlowe and Kyd left the square dazed, and wandered off to a nearby inn, seeking ale to block out the sadness.
A pretty, dark-haired, buxom serving wench, her breasts barely contained by her low-cut blouse, brought them drinks at a rickety wooden table in a corner of the tavern.
“There you are, gentlemen, you look a little down. This might cheer you up,” she said.
“Nothing can inspire us after what we have witnessed today,” said Kyd.
“You mean,” she said nodding toward the square, “out there.”
“He was our friend,” said Marlowe.
“A lot of us have lost friends in the name of God,” she replied before heading off to serve the next table.
Around them, George and other witnesses of the execution rushed to the bar to lubricate their excited discussion of the event.
“What a world we live in,” mused Kyd, as he watched the unbearably gleeful scene.
“It’s not a world,” said Marlowe, “it’s a state of mind. And of mind control.”
Kyd stared into his beer for several moments. “When Mary left the stage,” he finally said, “they said the killing would stop. How many was it? Two hundred and seventy-four Protestants she burned at the stake in the name of the Pope? Her father, old Henry, the original Protestant himself, he must have turned in his grave.”
“If there was room in there to roll that bloated body of his over.”
“Christopher!!” Kyd hissed. “Sometimes I can never make sense of what goes on in that head of yours.”
“Sense?” said Marlowe, waving his hand expansively at the scene in front of them. “Can anyone make any sense of any of this?”
Marlowe had touched on the heart of the matter, the lack of reasoning - if there could be any sense or reasoning behind religious vengeance - for the death of their friend Francis Kett, and many others. They were living in a country racked with suspicion as Elizabeth restored the Protestant views of her father, Henry VIII. There were still people around who remembered the five long years when her predecessor, her half-sister Mary, had insisted on making post-Henry England Catholic again. Her technique was immortalised in her enduring nickname, Bloody Mary.
Now, under Elizabeth’s encouragement, the bishops of the Church of England had regained the upper hand, and their methods were proving just as brutal.
“The Jesuits have been driven out,” Kyd said offhandedly. “The Catholics driven underground.”
“And isn’t ‘atheist’ a good, all-round word to smear a target as a non-believer, a papist, a spy?” said Marlowe. “None of this lot would have a clue what the word means.”
‘Heresy’ was a vague, all-encompassing charge, too. And the Court of the Star Chamber was ruthlessly efficient at using torture to extract confessions of ‘heresy’, real or otherwise about any matter that might challenge authority.
“All Francis said was that the Earth revolved around the Sun,” said Marlowe glumly. “Even Raleigh believes that.”
“Yes,” said Kyd. “But Raleigh is favoured by the Queen for his exploits and only admits those things at the meetings of the free-thinkers. Francis was stupid enough to blurt it out at some tavern. And you’ll get caught the same way, too, if you’re not careful.”
“But it’s so obviously true. We are a planet or somesuch, some sort of orbiting object, and the Sun is the centre of our Universe. All the thinkers, people like Galileo, they know it, and they can prove it.”
“Bishops don’t like that sort of thinking, Christopher. It means that everything they have held so dearly for so long - the foundation of their control - is being challenged. To them, the Earth is the centre of all that God created.”
“God created many things, but surely he did not create fire for the purpose of burning a man at the stake.”
“I’m warning you, be careful about what you say in public, Christopher. These days you never know whose side people are on.”
Their conversation was cut short by a mighty shout as a fat, red-faced man climbed onto a table, held his tankard high, and declared loudly, “Here’s to the latest Atheist, burned to a crisp. May his charred, unholy remains forever stay buried in the bosom of the devil.”
“Aye,” said a supporter from the floor, grabbing the serving girl from behind with his grubby hands. “And here’s another bosom I wouldn’t mind gettin’ buried in, either.”
The girl turned and without a change in her expression, or spilling a drop from her tray of drinks, lifted her knee straight up. Hard.
The crowd roared laughing as the man clutched at his wounded groin, sucked in a short burst of air, crossed his eyes, and fell to the floor, taking a table down with him.
“I’m hope she’s on our side,” said Marlowe dryly.
“Waitresses one, patrons none,” declared George.
The crowd roared.
Unsighted at the other end of the bar, Richard Baines drained his tankard, took one last look at Marlowe and Kyd, nodded to the landlord, and headed out the back door for London.

CHAPTER ONE
1582, seven years earlier
Stratford-upon-Avon, England

John Shakespeare smiled. Praise the Lord, he thought. His eighteen-year-old son William had that very morning taken out a licence to be married.
This was the best piece of news the struggling Stratford leather-maker, alderman, bailiff, and official beer-tester had heard in years.
He rose from the table in the well-appointed dining room, scratched one of his flourishing grey sideburns, and ran a hand through his thinning scalp. A small woman with startling white skin and dark wavy hair entered with a tray containing plates of cakes and scones.
“Ah, perfect,” said John, reaching for a scone.
Mary Shakespeare playfully slapped her husband’s wrist. “Don’t touch, thank you. Kindly wait until the happy couple join us.”
“One little scone won’t hurt!”
“Settle down, John.”
“Me? Settle down? At least marriage might settle down that son of ours.”
“John, he’s not a bad boy.”
“No, he’s a not bad boy, is our young Will. He’s a skiver, a slugabed, and always on the fiddle, but he’s not a bad boy.”
“John!”
“And he uses those charms to get his hands on any money he can …
“John, please!”
“ … so he can go down the Stratford Arms with those equally dubious friends of his and pour pints of ale down his throat.”
“Yes, but he loves his mother.”
“True, Mary, he loves his mother.”
Mary Shakespeare was a good mother. She had overcome the grief of the death of their two first-born daughters in infancy, to produce seven living children, the oldest, William and the youngest, Edmund, just two. But William was her favourite. He was the first boy, and she loved his roguish spirit, his engaging smile, his eye for an opportunity. He gave plenty of love in return. Especially when she handed him a few pennies from her purse.
“Anyway,” said Mary, “where do you think he get the idea of drinking ale from?”
“What do you mean?” said John defensively, his brown eyes narrowing.
“Well, who else drinks in this house? Let me see now ..?”
“Mary, my role as the town beer-tester is an important job within the community.”
“Oh, yes,” she said, placing her hand under her chin and staring at the ceiling in mock thought, “how does the job of a conner go again? You take a pint of new beer at the inn.”
“Yes.”
“And deliberately spill some on a seat.”
“That’s correct.”
“Then sit on the spilled beer for nearly an hour.”
“Right!”
“Then you get up to walk away.”
“Yes.”
“And if your leather breeches stick to the seat, the beer’s got too much sugar or it’s bad.”
“Exactly. And what’s wrong with that?”
“The seven pints you drink while sitting there …”
“Mary, Mary, it’s all part of the process to ensure the good citizens of Stratford-upon-Avon are saved from drinking bad ale.”
“So, John Shakespeare, you are a conner, a beer-tester, and you wonder why your son hangs around the inn.”
“His reasons are social, mine’s business.”
“Sometimes, I wish you would concentrate a little more on the real business.”
Being in business in England in 1582 was a tricky game at the best of times, profit and loss not only hinging on market forces and the state of the village economy, but the level of tension gripping the nation over the seemingly-endless internal and external religious and political squabbles.
“And being in the leather business has its own idiosyncrasies,” John Shakespeare would say to anyone prepared to listen at the inn while he tested a new barrel of ale. “Some of those tanners and curriers are prepared to bring the game into disrepute. They tan the leather poorly, and produce a product far from water-proof, thus enraging my clientele!”
Changing fashion attitudes, too, affected the leather game. Gloves and shoes were on-going sellers, as were belts, but products such as leather corsets and bodices came and went. Being so far from style-setting London, one had to be canny to pick the trend. The squat figure of John Shakespeare could often be seen waiting at the coach stop to spot travellers from the big city and observe the style and cut of their clothes.
Sometimes the only thing selling was cut leather appliques for dresses, or the soft chamois leather lining for linen corsets, said to be worn by Queen Elizabeth herself.
“And it’s harder when religion comes into it,” Shakespeare would repeatedly bemoan to those he could trust, “and a man sticks to his Catholic guns in the face of the ever-growing wave of State-inspired Protestantism.”
John Shakespeare had been born and raised Catholic, and had flourished, as best as anyone could have done, during the turbulent Papal rule of Bloody Mary. He was determined to stay that way, even going so far as being a recusant, refusing to attend Church of England services.
“John,” Mary would say, “this is not a good position to adopt. It provokes attention, criticism, and possible prosecution. You could be … er …”
“ Killed?” he would answer. “Let them try to burn me at the stake. I’ll never attend the ceremony devised by a bloated old monarch who married nearly as many times as I have had children.”
With all these forces at work, the family leather business had battled in recent years to make a profit and keep the large, well-appointed house with seven children going. The big decision had come when John ultimately found it impossible to support William’s schooling, preferring him, as the oldest son, to join the family business. Thus, after an indifferent few years at the local Grammar School, predominately taught by Catholic teachers, William had finished up before he turned fifteen. While feigning disappointment to his parents, he joyously picked his way down the muddy lane-way on his final day, free from books and study at last. But despite his optimistic enthusiasm for post-school life, the testing experiences of the three years since, as the father-master tried to teach his pupil-son, had only heightened the tension in the house.
“That son of ours is so frustrating,” John would angrily say at the end of yet another long day. “He won’t listen to a word I say.”
“John, you were a boy like that once,” Mary would say, quietening him down.
“Mary, he’s a dreamer. He’s got ideas, but they are all impractical.”
The pressure became relentless when John faced the ignominy of being unable to pay his regular community contributions, levied from town leaders to support the less well off. He had begun shying away from his duties as an alderman, preferring not to be seen at public gatherings.
“I know what they are saying behind my back,” John would glower at Mary. “That I’m a Catholic, and fast going bankrupt, but I will show them.”
And on this day, at last, John Shakespeare was smiling. Finally, here was a chance to throw something back at his arch-critics.
“Mary,” John said, “we will show everyone in Stratford that the Shakespeares are still a family of substance, with a grand wedding of our son to Anne Whateley.”
Anne Whateley was a pretty local girl of similar age to William, and in the few short months she had come into their lives had endeared herself to John and Mary Shakespeare with her sweet nature, pert good looks and sensible approach to life. Now the licence had been taken out for them to be married.
“Although,” said John, covertly reaching for a scone again, “I can’t see what she sees in our William.”
“John,” Mary replied, smacking his wrist for the second time, “she’s a lovely girl, she can see things in him that not even you and I can, and she will do wonders for him.”
Their conversation was interrupted by a peal of girlish laughter from the kitchen, and they looked across to acknowledge a young man and a young woman entering the main room arm-in-arm.
The first thing John Shakespeare noticed about Anne Whateley - as he did every time he saw her - was the whiteness and evenness of her teeth. While many Stratford girls, and certainly a lot of the boys, exhibited mouths of dark, rotting cavities, Anne Whateley displayed dental perfection. And they were teeth that were regularly on display because she laughed a lot.
She laughed both at, and with, William.
She laughed at any attempts at humour by Mr Shakespeare, no matter how feeble.
She laughed at the discreet comments by Mrs Shakespeare, who had quickly taken her into her confidence, about the inefficiencies and inabilities of the males in the household, and men in general.
She laughed at life, because life was there to be taken - and she would be taking William with her on this journey of fun.
“And, Lord God, forgive me for saying this,” John Shakespeare would say to himself, when no one was within ear-shot, “if her teeth are perfect, then her figure is exquisite.” Village gossip held that when the Joshua Simpson the tailor had placed his tape around her waist as a preliminary measurement for the wedding dress, it stopped at a whisker under nineteen inches.
Despite the best efforts of the sweep-up boy to rummage through every scrap of paper in the shop, the actual figure of the dimensions of her magnificent bosom taken that day were never sighted.
But it is said that on peering at the tape through his eyes weakened by years of work, Joshua Simpson blinked, read it again, let out a low whistle, and wandered out to the back of the shop shaking his head.
The perfect figure and the perfect teeth complemented Anne Whateley’s perfectly shaped nose, clear blue eyes, and creamy skin. By contrast, the skin of the dark-haired young man accompanying her was more sallow, a series of ugly pimples battling to find their way through the surface of a flimsy field of herbage purporting to be a beard. The eyes were doleful, almost heavy-lidded, but with a spark of a villain about them. The mouth was full-lipped, curving sensuously at its apex.
“And what are you two laughing about?” said Mrs Shakespeare as they entered.
“We have been talking of the future,” Anne replied.
“Oh, and I take it, it will be a happy one?”
“William says he is going to revolutionise the leather business,” said Anne, cuddling up closer to him and looking into his eyes.
“Ah,” said Mr Shakespeare, tearing himself away from the perfect teeth and the perfect bosom, at the mention of business, “and how does Will propose to do that?”
“I thought we should design some new products,” said William, “like making better use of these strips of leather we make to tie men’s breeches below the knee.” He held up a piece of finely crafted leather a yard long.
‘They’re wondrous, so strong,” he said, grabbing more, and tying several together into one long piece, and adding triumphantly, “I reckon there is a market for these in skipping ropes!”
John Shakespeare gave an icy smile, and was about to chastise his son for coming up with yet another idea he felt was frivolous and of little potential. But out of the corner of his eye he caught the face of his wife signalling him to be positive. “Why, William, that is brilliant,” he said unconvincingly.
Anne Whateley linked her arms with both William’s and that of her future father-in-law and laughed her engaging girlish laugh. “Life with William is going to be wonderful.”
As if to put an exclamation mark onto her statement, there came a loud knock on the front door.
“Must be someone to wish you well,” said John Shakespeare, as he disentangled himself from her arm, turned, walked to the door and swept it open with a swish.
There stood a woman wrapped in a huge brown woollen shawl, covering her from head to foot.
Despite the camouflage provided by the clothing, John knew only too well it was the figure of Anne Hathaway, daughter of a farmer and family friend from nearby Shottery.
She was tall, robust, of farming stock, with a sharply angled face.
The face, peering out from under the brown shawl, was now twisted with anger.
“Why, Anne,” said John, diplomatically, “how good to see you. Are your parents well? Come in, we’re having a small celebration for William’s impending marriage.”
“I heard on the grapevine the Shakespeare family was planning a wedding,” she said, her eyes narrowing. “But I suggest there needs to be a variation to the list of personnel involved.”
“What? I don’t understand.”
“You will,” she said, shoving past and entering the main room. “Now, where is the spineless little rat?”
A hint, just a shadow, of a spineless little rat could be seen pulling away from the arm of Anne Whateley and making a hasty exit through to the kitchen.
Anne Hathaway let out a yell with a voice reinforced by years of calling in cattle from faraway hills. “William Shakespeare!” the voice boomed, “you come back here this minute.”
There was silence.
“William,” boomed Anne Hathaway again towards the doorway of the kitchen. “Here! Now.”
Silence.
“William! You evil little n’er-do-well, we can do this the easy way, or the hard way.”
Finally, a shuffling of feet could be heard from the kitchen, and ultimately a sad, whiskery face, its eyes bulging in terror, peeked around the corner.
“Here! Here, here,” said the voice, a little less strident. “C’mon. That’s the boy.”
Astonished, Anne Whateley stared as the cowering William edged in sideways with his hands loosely clasped in front of his chest. She looked back in confusion at the tall, forbidding presence issuing the instructions, and turned to her fiancé again.
“William, William? What’s going on?” she blurted, rushing to his side. “What on earth is this all about?”
William drew slightly back from her, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, staring at the floor.
“Yes, William, what’s going on?” added his mother.
John Shakespeare had had enough, and turning to the disconcerting interloper, put on his best bailiff’s eviction voice.
“Anne, cordial as the links between our two families are, and acknowledging the fact that you and William are friends, I still must ask you to leave. You are disrupting William’s preparations for his marriage to Anne.”
“Depends on which Anne you mean,” came the flat reply.
“Why, um, this … Anne … Anne Whateley, of course,” said John, pointing in the general direction of the perfect waist.
“Oh,” said Anne Hathaway, dropping her shawl to the floor, and patting her own obviously expanding waistline.
“Has he got her pregnant, too ..?”
The five figures stayed frozen for a moment; the major figures of Anne Hathaway boldly exposing her swelling belly and William Shakespeare wanly peering upwards and sideways at her.
Then demons and spirits broke loose in a manner that made the reign of Bloody Mary pale into insignificance.
Mary Shakespeare let out a wail of the dimensions heard only at the stake as the flames consumed the flesh of some poor non-believing wretch. It is said that the scream of horror and sadness that came from the mouth of Anne Whateley could be heard in the outer suburbs of London, a hundred miles to the south-east.
The bailiff in John Shakespeare emerging, he angrily lunged at his son, grabbing him by the neck, bullying him to the ground. “You stupid, stupid, wretch.”
Anne Hathaway triumphantly folded her arms over her stomach, and gave a haughty toss of her head as the other two women dissolved into tears and the two men grappled and tore at each other on the floor.
Eventually, Mary Shakespeare pulled her husband away from where he was dedicatedly strangling his son, and some sort of sanity was restored.
Anne Whateley stared forlornly at her now ex-fiancé.
“How could you do this?” she finally whispered. There was no laughter this time, only hurt. She burst into tears. “How could you? You told me you were visiting their farm on business.” She grabbed her skirts and ran out, sobbing.
“Anne, Anne, I’m sorry, I …” pleaded William Shakespeare lamely as she disappeared out the door.
There was silence.
Ultimately, John Shakespeare turned to Anne Hathaway and spoke. “Are you sure, um, that he is, the, um …”
“Oh yes, he’s the father, all right, thank you for asking. There’s no one else involved.”
“But I don’t, I don’t want get married to you!” Will blurted sullenly. “I want to marry Anne.”
“You should have thought of that earlier, William Shakespeare,” said Anne Hathaway, “when you were being so amorous in my father’s haystack.”
“I didn’t think it would lead to this.”
“Ah, the innocence of youth! Have you not heard that if you play with fire you will get burnt?”
“But, Anne,” interrupted Mary Shakespeare. “You’re a mature woman. Eight years older. William’s only a boy. Surely we could sort something out.”
“He may be a boy, but he’s going to be a father now!”
William winced at the thought.
“Don’t put on the petulant face,” Anne continued. “You will be marrying me, because if you don’t, I will expose you to the deacons, who will, in duty bound, have you consigned to the stocks and exposed to public ridicule. How does that sound?”
John Shakespeare shook his head. The family had taken enough knocks lately, and such community humiliation would be the killer blow.
“Enough,” he said. “Enough.” And he pushed the plate of scones away.
The following day, accompanied by the stern, unyielding Anne Hathaway, and with the giggles and guffaws of the Stratford public ringing in his ears, a red-faced William Shakespeare walked sombrely down the street to the church and asked a startled deacon about issuing a second marriage licence in two days.
“But William,” said the deacon, “didn’t we … er … yesterday?”
“Just do it, deacon. Just do it,” mumbled William.
Later that day, an old farmer, noticing a usually closed door open in his barn two miles out of town, came across Anne Whateley.
The thin strips of leather that were intended to spearhead Anne and William’s business plans were wound at one end around her neck, and at the other around a rafter.
She swung listlessly, her life expunged, her heart beneath the perfect bosom broken, her joyous laugh silenced forever.

CHAPTER TWO

When news of the death of Anne Whateley reached William Shakespeare, he turned on his new bride-to-be in blind fury.
Prior to that, in the intervening hours between the ignominious declaration of his impending fatherhood at age eighteen and the news of the suicide, Shakespeare had gone all but silent. He had answered the queries of his parents - “How could you let this happen?” and “How could you do this after all we have done for you?” and “Didn’t we warn you about things like this?” - with teenage monosyllabic grunts.
He had greeted the prodding jibes of Anne Hathaway - “So, you thought you’d get away with it, did you?” and “She was never your type,” and “No more wild times down the inn for you, will there father-to-be?” - with snarls.
His face had turned ashen, his hands clammy, his eyes dull.
But inside, his mind had been working overtime.
Hold on, he kept telling himself.
Hold on, Will. Hold on.
Hold on to the dream. The dream that one day you will be back in the arms of Anne Whateley. That you’ll hear the tinkle of the bell-like laugh again. That she will hold you and kiss you and love you. And stay with you forever.
Hold on to the dream, Will, that one day this … this mess … will be sorted out; that maybe this bitch of a woman is having us all on and she is not really pregnant; that maybe she won’t carry the baby the full distance. She’s bloody old enough as it is.
Hold on, Will, hold on. That maybe we can persuade her to see Mrs Armitage down at the apothecary to, you know, er, do something. Dad could lend me the money and I could work hard to pay him back.
That maybe even after the baby is born I will somehow get away, run away, fly away, into the arms, and the laugh, and sensational bosom of Anne Whateley.
That’s it. I’ll just fly away. Like a little bird.
It might take a week. Or a month. Or a year. Or two years.
But I’ll fly away, and explain it all to Anne, my beautiful Anne, the real Anne, not this awful Anne, and she’ll listen to me, and understand me, and take me back, and love me forever.
Hold on, Will. Hold on.
Hold on to the dream.
But William Shakespeare’s little bird of freedom came plummeting earthwards that next day when Anne’s uncle, Christopher Whateley, appeared at the door, hat scrunched in hand, staring at his boots, tears rolling down reddened cheeks into his beard.
He delivered his gloomy message to the Shakespeare family, mumbled something about, “Funeral Tuesday, but don’t think it advisable you attend.” And fled.
Now there was no reason for Will to hold on to the dream.
“You bitch!” Shakespeare screamed at Anne Hathaway, his quivering, tear-stained face barely two inches from hers. “You absolute bitch. Listen to me and listen well. You’ll regret the day you forced me to marry you, because as far as I’m concerned, from now on, you can expect absolutely nothing of me. Or nothing from me!”
But if he thought this would force a back down, a retreat, or even, God be merciful, that she might just disappear magically out of his miserable life forever, then he was wrong. Instead of backing away, Anne Hathaway leaned forward, halving the already minuscule distance between their faces. And in a whisper that dripped menace, hissed, “Listen, you spineless little prick, don’t you dare threaten me. You knocked me up in a haystack, and you will do exactly as you should, as my husband!”
She stared deeper into his eyes.
“And you know why?” she continued, raising her voice so his parents could hear every word. “Because the deacons would be only too happy to lock you up in the stocks for a few days to entertain the villagers, thus dragging the so-called good name of Shakespeare through the mud.”
Rambling thoughts went through William’s mind. Heavens, I’m only a poor Catholic boy and I didn’t mean to have my wicked way and put a bun in her ancient oven.
There was silence.
John Shakespeare, trying to maintain some semblance of control as master of his crumbling house, stepped forward to pat his boy on the shoulder and head off public ridicule.
“Son, I don’t think it would be very good if you …”
“It’s all right, dad,” William replied evenly, without taking his eyes off his adversary. “I understand.”
The two stared, unblinking.
The only sound that could be heard was the distressed sniffling of Mary Shakespeare.
“I will do it,” said Will ultimately and quietly. “I will do it. I have no choice. I will marry you. But listen, you screeching harridan, you think you’ve got the best of me! I will be patient. That’s all you can expect. I will bide my time, and wait for my moment. You hear? My moment!”
Thus it came about, the happy union of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway.
And if the build-up had been traumatic, the wedding was a disaster. The body language of the pair as they stood before the altar suggested combatants rather than lovers, prompting one guest to nudge his partner, nod towards them, and whisper, “Bloody War of Roses all over again …”
The couple barely smiled during the vows, pecked at each other’s cheek at the end, and sat stolidly at the celebrations in silence.
As there had been no time, and the circumstances were so acrimonious, Anne had not carried out the usual tradition of brewing and selling bride’s ale to defray the wedding expenses, adding further to their financial woes.
This did not deter William. Having caught the eye of the waiter, an old friend from the Stratford Arms, he latched on to every tankard of beer, goblet of wine, and tumbler of brandy that came within reaching distance of the bridal table.
By the time it came for the dancing he was stumbling.
By the time it came to make a speech, he was mumbling.
By the time they got to share the marital bed for the first time as Mr and Mrs Shakespeare, he was beyond fumbling and bumbling.
He had passed out.
“Who gives a toss?” he said next morning, nursing a hangover. “I’ve been there, know what’s it like, and didn’t think much of it anyway …”
She hurled a pot at him, which missed him by inches and crashed against the wall, making him wince. “That’s not what you said when it was free and easy, with no complications, my boy,” she screamed.
“Don’t … don’t … ooh … ahh …don’t shout,” he pleaded. “Not only because I feel awful, but everyone will hear.”
And that was true.
William being but a boy, and Anne a daughter of a farming family and therefore not in line for hereditary or other financial support, the pair had nowhere to live. John Shakespeare had come up with something of a solution.
“After the wedding, you can live in the garret above the leather works, until you get on your feet,” he offered. “It’s not much, but it’s clean, and it’ll cost nought.”
It was also in the main commercial thoroughfare of Stratford, with two large windows opening onto the street, perfect for letting conversations fly out and be picked up by passers-by.
“I don’t care what they hear,” Anne shouted. “The more it adds to the public humiliation of William Shakespeare, famous outdoors lover and would-be leaver, the better.”
The floor of the garret was of bare boards and the ceiling of thin shingles, held together by five A-frames of strong oak beams, strategically angled so the unwary could catch their temple on them at any time. At one end, a determined Mary Shakespeare, doing her utmost to make the best of a bad situation for her beloved son, had arranged a hanging curtain of the thickest material to hive off a bedroom, “so you’ll at least get some privacy.”
“Privacy didn’t seem to be much of an issue when he was banging away in the haystack,” added his father glumly.
Behind the curtain lay a rudimentary double bed, and a small table. At the other end of the garret there was a kitchen of sorts, with a small wooden bowl, some battered tin plates and bowls, and a handful of knives and spoons, all on a tiny bench. There was a small dining table, a brace of mixed chairs, and a tiny footstool covered in embroidered leather, one of the first pieces William had made as an apprentice. A temporary hearth had been constructed out of stone, with a primitive chimney linked through a leaking hole in the shingles.
The requirement that a trip had to be made down a sharply-angled, rocking wooden ladder and through the leather-works for supplies and essentials such as water soon became a constant source of irritation between the newly-weds, especially as Anne’s pregnancy rolled on and she became fatigued and washed out.
“Go and get and some water,” Anne would say, straightening up, and holding her hands at the base of her spine to relieve the pressure on her back.
“Get it yourself.”
“I hate going down there,” Anne she would reply. “All your father’s workers staring at me.”
“Well, don’t go down there, then. Don’t go anywhere! Just stay up here and make my life miserable.”
Will spent the days in the factory, finishing his apprenticeship stoically and with no drive or ambition.
His dreams of revolutionising the industry, so naively and lovingly outlined to his parents a few weeks before by Anne Whateley, were shattered.
Every time he saw a strip of thin leather, the same cord that Anne had used to end her life in a cold, lonely crofter’s shed because he had betrayed her, bitter tears would flow.
His father’s workers, many of whom had known young Will since he was a toddler, had to look away.
On those days, when he went back upstairs at the end of work, he would sit moodily and stare into space, oblivious of Anne’s constant verbal barrages directed at him about his lack of care, lack of drive, lack of love.
One evening, he snapped out of this stare into space, to find that he was a father.
A little girl, unaware of the turbulent role she had played in her parents’ lives, was born on May 26, 1583, and after much discussion, was named Susanna.
Unsure of what actually a father was meant to do, Will stretched out a finger, watched as a little hand grasped it, and whispered “She’s beautiful.”
His wife - Yes, Will thought, this woman who is the scourge of my life and never given me one minute’s peace, is actually my wife – looked into his eyes, and for the first time in their brief and tumultuous marriage, smiled at him.
It was the same smile she had given him the day she had seduced the fumbling apprentice boy in the haystack.
And for a few weeks, between that smile and the arrival of the new little soul in the house, something approaching civility suddenly appeared in their relationship, bordering on affection, quite possibly love.
Susanna was a good baby, a happy baby, and Anne felt fulfilled for the first time in her life. She felt good that, despite the trauma surrounding it all, she had given breath to a new life, the most rewarding thing a woman could do. She felt triumphant she had proved that she was more than just a hard-working, horse-riding toiler on her father’s farm and the subject of fearful gossip about her overwhelming personality and forbidding temper.
If she had to jump some young buck in the haystack to achieve that aim, well, so be it.
Besides, she recollected, young William, whom she had known as a family friend since he was six, certainly hadn’t been reticent about it. After a struggle to get his breeches off, it wasn’t long before his skinny little bottom was reflecting the rays of the late afternoon sun of that warm August day, as he pushed and shoved and wiggled and, by golly, by dint of his sheer enthusiasm rather than experience, had somehow got her to climax, a rare event around Shottery, at least for her, anyway. When it was all over they both laid back in the hay and laughed as he told her how when he was eleven and she was nineteen he used to lie on the rug at the combined family picnic and try and look up her bloomers and see what the mystery was all about.
“And now I know the answer,” he said that day before pulling up his breeches and heading back up to the house. “And it’s pretty good, too,” he had turned and added as he headed into the sun.
Anne lay in the bed in the garret and started to giggle at the memories. Maybe he was not so bad after all …
And nine weeks after Susanna was born, William came up the rickety stairs one Thursday, at the end of another session making gloves, to find the little garret perfectly tidy, the baby asleep, a flagon of wine on the table, and his wife standing at the far end with the heavy curtain that served as the bedroom wall wrapped around her.
With a dramatic thrust of both arms, she flung the curtain away to reveal her naked body. Her tall, lissom figure had regained its magnificent farm-bred sinewy shape, and William gasped and blinked in awe.
She narrowed her eyes, stretched out her right arm, beckoned him with her forefinger, and said, “Come on, little hay-stacks …”
And for the next seven months a truce was declared and regular passers-by down below were puzzled to find the customary shouting and sound of plates crashing that usually emanated from the two big windows up above the leather works had been replaced by awesome silence or a hint of delicate moaning.
William would reflect later that this was the sanest period of his marriage, as he worked hard downstairs all day, and came upstairs to a meal, a baby daughter and some love and affection.
The memory of Anne Whateley began to dim just slightly and John and Mary Shakespeare began to breathe a little more easily and concentrate on the other six children of the family.
Then, one morning in May, 1584, Anne advised William she was pregnant again, got out of bed, threw up in the little wooden bowl, and to the delight of regular passers-by below, normal shouting and plate-smashing resumed.
They fought about money. They fought about his work. They fought about how she felt.
“I’m going out,” he would say.
“You are not,” she would fly back at him, as he scrambled down the stairs, dodging the A-frames and the hurled pots, and ran off to the Stratford Arms to seek some ale with his mates, and try and sneak back later when all was quiet.
On February 2, 1585, Anne went into labour, and a harried William Shakespeare was thrust downstairs by a forceful mid-wife in all-white garb and bonnet shouting at him, “Come back in two hours, Mr Shakespeare. Two hours, mind.”
William grabbed a handful of coins from his father’s hiding place of the business’s daily cash, and strolled to the Stratford Arms two streets away. He did this with mixed feelings. He knew from harsh experience the positives were the warmth and noise of the tavern gave him temporary respite from the frozen atmosphere of the garret, and the alcohol either made him euphoric or drowned his sorrows. But the downside was conversation with his friends made him feel isolated.
To them life was still worth living.
Unmarried and unfettered by responsibilities, they could drink as much as they liked, say what they liked, and do what they liked. They could go where they wanted to, within the bounds of travelling possibilities, and chase whatever woman they liked. It was all too easy.
Here he was, chained to a harridan with the strength of an Amazon, the tongue of a viper, and a temper that knew no bounds.
Even though his drinking mates had been friends since Grammar School, he was now living in a different world, and their conversations were losing their spark.
Any talk of Susanna’s development plodded along for a few sentences until it veered toward more bachelor-related topics.
Ah, but this night was different.
For some reason, the concept of impending fatherhood seems to excite the celebratory nerve in all men.
“A drink for my friend Will, here,” shouted a tall robust young man, with an almost rectangular face, as he welcomed his pal to the table right in the middle of the crowded smoky room. “He’s going to be a father again!”
This was Harold Granville, one of William’s best friends. Handsome, intelligent, mischievous.
The serving wench came with the ales, catching Harold’s eye as she put the tray down, bending down to give him a good view of her breasts in the low-cut dress as she placed the drinks before the group. There was a mighty roar as Harold pulled her down onto his knee, and whispered in her ear. “Not now, Harold! Later,” she blushed, got up and bounced away.
“I wish I could do that,” said Will staring gloomily into his beer.
“Will, you’re a lucky man, you have your own woman - every night!” said Harold. “Here I am, chatting up bar-girls with no luck at all.”
“The luck is always on your side,” said Will. “And I can tell you, I have no luck any night, these days. Any night at all.”
“Will, Will,” said Harold. “You’re going to be a father again, that’s a wonderful event. The rest of us can only dream about that. Who knows, this time you might have a son!” Grabbing his tankard he stood up and shouted, “Here’s to William Shakespeare and his son. We think …”
The mob stood as one, shouted “To William Shakespeare and his son. We think!” They downed their ales, and called for more.
After four more rounds, William began to look around and judge the time. “Two hours,” he said. “I’ve got to go.”
“What’s this?” said Harold. “Leaving already? The night is but young.”
“Yes, Will,” chimed in Charles Porter, a young man with a pointed goatee beard and coal-black eyes. “Plenty of time yet to have a baby.”
“One more?” said Harold, his arm around Will, his eyes sparkling.
The serving girl arrived, and moved next to Harold. “What will it be, gentlemen?”
“One more, especially for my friend Will here, who is going to have a son.”
An elderly man at the next table turned around, his big red face creased with a mighty grin. “What, young Shakespeare, you’ve had a son? Have an ale on me!”
“I actually haven’t had a son, yet ...”
“But he will have one, that’s for sure,” said Harold. “I have that feeling.”
The man laughed, his giant belly flopping up and down. “From what I understand, you’ve always got that feeling, Harold!”
The crowd roared with laughter, intermingled with the phrase, “A drink for young Shakespeare, on me,” coming from all quarters.
“Two hours, Harold,” said Will, taking a sip. “They told me two hours.”
The next thing Will remembered was hearing the laughter. The bell-like laughter! That girlish giggle that enthralled him in ages past, in the good times before one stupid mistake had ruined things forever. The laughter resounded through his head, and he reached out to touch the image of Anne Whateley, smiling, giggling, beautiful as ever, before him.
And suddenly, she was gone, and he awoke, his head ringing, his eyes scratchy, his mouth dry.
He was lying on the floor, a dirty, smelly, earthen floor. Next to him, barely a foot away, Charles Porter lay, snoring through his pointed goatee. And beyond him a lay a girl Will had never seen before, asleep on her side.
The girlish giggle continued to haunt him, and he turned to see that it was coming from the corner where Harold and the wench from the inn were cuddled up in the only bed in the room, a low-slung single sleeper made of rough logs and straw. They were both obviously naked, but under a grubby sheet, and Harold was tickling her nose with a piece of straw, lightly touching it and just as suddenly, pulling it away, making her laugh. That laugh.
Will pushed himself up on one elbow. His forehead felt sore and he brushed it with his hand. He felt a lump, and examined the palm of his hand. There was blood.
“Where … what?”
“Ah,” said Harold from the comfort of his bed. “Alive at last, young Will.”
“What happened?”
“Do you want the long version, or the short version?”
“Any version. Just tell me what happened.”
“Well, basically, you consumed lots of ale.”
“And ..?”
“Which somewhat retarded your debating skills …”
“Debating?”
“Yes, debating. To reply to the ungenerous gentleman who, in a similarly debilitated state, commented that in a perverse switch of the usual roles of nature, you had been taken to the altar by an older woman. That is, you were cradle-snatched.”
“So I debated this?”
“No, no. That’s what I’m saying. Your debating skills had been dimmed by the ale.”
“And so?”
“So you elected to resolve it with your fisticuffs skills. But, alas, they were similarly hobbled by your intake of the Stratford Arms’ finest brew.”
“So that’s how I got this bump on the head.”
“He belted you, my dear baby boy!”
“The baby!” said Will suddenly shaking his head. “Why didn’t you take me home!”
“Will, you were indescribably drunk, bloodied, dirty from being flung in the street, and smelling of cow-shit where you landed. You were aggressive, nasty, and trying to thump anyone who came near you. Charles and I made an executive decision to carry you home here - after you mercifully passed out.”
“Passed out?”
“Believe me, you were in no condition to be hanging around a birth.”
Will staggered to his feet, clutching his head, stepped across the bodies on the floor and rushed out the door.
He ran the streets and lanes to the leather-works, pushing people out of the way, swearing to himself and feeling sickness rising to his throat through the excess of alcohol and the realisation of what he had done.
He reached the doorway breathless, threw up over the steps, and went to the bottom of the rickety stairs to the garret. A stopped, grey-haired old man, with a kindly wrinkled face, one of John Shakespeare’s veteran leading hands, stopped him.
“I would take it easy, if I were you, young Will,” he said calmly.
Will looked at the old man’s gentle face, and looked down at himself. He was filthy, bloodied and he smelled of shit and vomit. “Is the … has she ..?”
“You have a son,” said the old man.
“Praise the Lord,” whispered Will.
“And a daughter as well.”
“Yes, I know I have a daughter!”
“No, no, no. A daughter this time, too.”
“You mean …”
The old man nodded. “There are two babies.”
“Twins!” said Will, his red eyes opening as wide as his shocking condition would allow them. “We’ve had twins! Holy Jesus.”
He began to stagger up the stairs, wiping the vomit from his mouth and the blood from his head as he went. But if he felt that his behaviour would be overlooked, or ameliorated by the unexpected arrival of an extra baby, or that people would look kindly upon this because he had put up with such a miserable existence through most of his marriage, then he was wrong.
When he got to the top of the stairs, he looked down the far end of the garret to see Anne in bed holding two little bundles wrapped in white rugs.
Next to the bed stood the mid-wife, and next to her stood his father and his mother.
All staring at him, silently.
“I’m … er …I’m sorry, I …” he mumbled, staring at the floor.
But this time, there were no screams of abuse from the viper, no yells of contempt from the harridan. Nothing he could even retort to, or maybe mount a defence against, with his own invective and shouting.
This time there was silence.
A silence that shamed him as he stood there hung-over, dirty and smelling.
But then, almost right on schedule, a pot flew across the room, glancing off the unwounded side of his head, and clattering to the floor.
And this time, he knew he had no other choice but to go downstairs, grab the remainder of the cash from the business, and walk out into the street and on to a new life.
Because this time the pot had been thrown by his mother.

CHAPTER THREE

The water was cold. Damn cold. Rightly or wrongly, William Shakespeare had walked away from his family, his village, his life.
But doing it on a February afternoon in England, he soon discovered, was not the wisest of decisions in terms of escapee comfort. Especially so when he splashed water on his face from the tiny creek to try and clean off the mud, the blood, the cow-shit, the memories of his drunken night, and the awful follow-up. Even though it was now mid-afternoon, and the feeble winter sun was endeavouring to vainly signal its existence from behind a bank of dull cloud, there was still a thin crust of ice near the bank, extending nearly a yard out into the rocky stream.
There was no choice. He would have to break this with his fist so he could get at the freezing, almost still water underneath.
It had to be done. He was filthy and he knew it.
He knew it from the way the townsfolk and the farmers had stared at him as he had marched angrily out of Stratford earlier that day and up the main road, south-west towards Bristol, anywhere, just to get away from a marriage that he had never wanted in the first place and which had now gone horribly wrong.
To get away from Her, he kept thinking, as he struck out at a vigorous pace. And that child.
No, wait, the word was children now! Twins had arrived, would you believe? My God, from one to three children in one leap. Is that possible? What are you doing to me, Lord? What did I do to deserve this?
I’m better off out of there, he thought, as the miles and the hours passed.
Better off.
Better off.
I’m better off out of there.
The phrase had been running through his mind all day, and now it positively bounced around his head as he splashed the freezing water on his face, arms and chest.
Better off. I’m better off, he thought, as the snap-cold water peeled away the grime and cleaned the blood from the wound on his temple.
Better off. I’m better off, he thought, as he held a piece of the ice to his forehead, stimulating a shocking but brief surge of pain which, when it faded, mercifully took away the thumping headache of his hangover.
“I’m better off! I’m better off without you all,” he shouted, the words bouncing across the water and echoing through the thin poplars adjoining the creek. “Better off, do you hear? Better off!”
There was silence.
He looked back into the still water to see the reflection of William Shakespeare.
The New William Shakespeare!
Yes! The New Shakespeare, now freed from the tentacles of that harridan; now marching down a different and exciting road on the journey of life; for the first time, taking the route decided by him, and not decreed by others. Or determined by circumstance. Or engineered by trickery.
Why, he thought, even his mother had given up on him now.
And for the first time in the day he felt acutely sad.
She had been his only supporter. She had backed him through the shock of Anne Hathaway’s declaration of her pregnancy, through the tragedy of Anne Whateley’s suicide, through the grim facade of a wedding ceremony and the joyless union that followed.
But now she had withdrawn her support, too.
He took a deep breath and expelled it. That part hurt. The fact that his mother had given up on her oldest son, who loved her dearly.
And that she had demonstrated it, too, by hurling the symbolic pot - the pot that his screeching wife had used as her principal weapon in the minor skirmishes and the major battles that had constituted the war known as their marriage.
That was the final, deepest cut.
“She cut me to the quick,” he murmured to himself.
But, in doing so, he reflected, brightening up a little, she has cut the rope holding me back.
He looked down into the still stream. Peering back at him was the watery reflection of the New William Shakespeare.
He studied the face. Not bad, he thought. The beard had started to fill out, the pimples had gone, the seductive brown eyes would look even better once the red lines, etched in the night before by numerous tankards of the Stratford Arms’ finest ale, had disappeared. The nose was developing a sort of regal nobility.
Not a bad face, he thought. Not a bad face at all.
Certainly better than the face of the gargoyle next to it …
The gargoyle?
He shook his head, startled.
He thought he had spotted it a moment before out of the corner of his eye, but tried to convince himself he was seeing things - an understandable reaction after the physical and emotional pounding he had taken over the last twenty-four hours.
But this time he flicked his eyes slightly to the right, and there, in the water, adjacent to the splendid, confident visage of the New Shakespeare, shimmered another face.
The face of, well, not to put too fine a point on it, a gargoyle. Like the type he had seen poking out from the corner of a forbidding Gothic church.
It had a huge mouth containing a handful of misshapen teeth, large almond-shape eyes with half-closed lids, a squashed nose with two giant nostrils turned outwards for all the world to peer up, an unruly thatch of flaxen hair, and a giant pair of ears, one of which was bent forward.
The New Shakespeare recoiled from the vision in the water, frantically spun his head, and looked over his right shoulder. There, but an inch away, was the real version of the gargoyle’s face, leering at him.
Shakespeare jumped back with fright, his left foot slipping on the icy rocks, and he tumbled backwards into the water. He landed flat on his back and disappeared under the shallows, and as the icy water burrowed into his skin, he concluded that this was not the start to the redefined life he had envisaged for the New Shakespeare.
He lifted his head out of the water and wiped his eyes, to see that the gargoyle was now itself laughing. Or at least giving the impression of laughing. Its mouth was wide open and its body shook with mirth as it pointed at him. But no sound was being emitted from the black cavern of a mouth. He could also see that this awful ugly head was actually stuck on top of a tiny, ugly body. The figure was approximately a yard tall, with short, stubby legs, and tiny arms, at the end of which was a pair of hands that somehow matched large open palms with roly-poly truncated fingers.
It was dressed in a bizarre costume of pantaloons and top, made of silk in a pattern of red and white diamonds, with a yellow ruff around its neck. It wore a big leather belt. A small pair of leather bootees peaked out from under the flowing trousers.
“Who … what … er, who are you?” Shakespeare scrambled to his feet, his voice quivering partly from fright and partly as a result of his unexpected icy bath.
There was another roar of laughter, coming from behind the gargoyle, somewhere amongst the forest of poplars.
And whereas the gargoyle’s laugh had been a weird, silent pantomime, this was a deep, resounding bassoon of a laugh. A laugh, Shakespeare reckoned, that would have to come from a much bigger body. A laugh that sounded as if it had been generated from the depths of a sizeable stomach, fuelled by air from prodigious lungs, and expelled through a throat well lined with cheap wine residue and roughened by inhalation of England’s new social pastime, tobacco.
His previously shattered and drenched confidence in the skills of the New Shakespeare was given a boost when he looked past the gargoyle to see just such a source of laughter slowly heading toward him.
The stomach was not only sizeable, it was enormous, a big red cummerbund stretching itself to the limit to cover the mighty girth and give the panting trousers some sense of decency. The trousers were brown, the elephantine shirt a greasy white, the waistcoat yellow, and over these was draped a massive brown cape that looked like the result of two enormous tents having been stitched together. A magnificent hat, trimmed with a piece of silk the same slashing red as the cummerbund, sat jauntily atop the imposing figure.
The giant held a solid piece of Blackwood beautifully fashioned into a walking stick, with a large silver cap at one end. He used this device to both assist his progress and accentuate his laughter by periodically jabbing it in the air.
A pair of calf-high leather boots covered surprisingly tiny feet, which picked their way through the rocks and mud.
“Ha-ha-ha,” roared the laugh. “He can’t tell you who he is. He can laugh or express any emotion you wish, but not in the way your or I do, for he is condemned to eternal silence - as you have just seen. But he can mime beautifully, especially if there is a tankard of ale passing by in the hands of a well-endowed serving wench. He knows everything you say. But, sadly, he cannot tell you his name.”
“Well, I …” Shakespeare moved to say.
The big man cut off any reply with a wave of the stick. “However, there there’s no finer comedian, no better joker, no funnier man that’s travelling the roads these days, I’ll warrant you that,” he said, his big hazel eyes sparkling. “Although, looking at you now my friend, and having just witnessed your performance in these icy waters, you might be a challenger for his position.”
At the mention of this, the gargoyle looked at the big man, frowned, clenched his fists and moved at Shakespeare with a menacing motion.
“Easy, easy, Soho,” said the big man, pushing him gently back with the cane. “I’m just teasing.”
The gargoyle dropped his aggressive pose and the big man moved forward with the outstretched hand of greeting.
Shakespeare could see the face clearer now - it was a face of epic proportions, appropriately matching the mountainous girth. It was round, it was red, it was cheery. The puffed cheeks glowed. The bulbous proboscis was not so much a nose but a fleshy morass of facial mud flats in which flowed a delta of inter-connecting red veins. The wild whiskers flew in every direction.
“First up, I would recommend you get out of that stream, young man,” came the hearty voice.
“I am! It’s cold.”
“Exactly, and I have it on good authority that cold water weakens the spine. You don’t want to end up like Soho here, do you?” Shakespeare looked at him, astonished, as he stepped out of the water. The mighty laugh erupted from the belly and echoed across the creek again. “Just joking,” he said. “Poor old Soho, alas, was dealt one of life’s wild cards at birth. But I have no more loyal an employee. Allow me to introduce myself, I am Rufus J. Budsby, entertainment entrepreneur … raconteur … and bon vivant.”
The French reference was lost on Shakespeare, whose studies had been limited to modest Latin and whose knowledge of France was restricted to the understanding that they were Protestant England’s worst enemy, especially as their monarchs stuck assiduously to the dangerous faith he himself had been brought up on - Catholicism.
“Bon ..?” said Shakespeare.
“Vivant,” added the big man, rolling the word up from his tummy. “I enjoy life.” And so saying, he began to unscrew the silver cap from the Blackwood stick. It came off, to reveal a thin, corked silver tube secreted in a hollow in the top of the stick. He pulled the cork out and proceeded to drink some sort of liquid from the tube. After two swallows, he proffered the tube.
“Whisky?” he said. “It’s an engaging little spirit out of Scotland, also known as the ‘water of life’. It’ll warm you up.”
“No thanks,” said Shakespeare wanly.
“So, I’ve given you my name and a brief account of my life, what is yours?”
“Oh, yes,” said Shakespeare, stepping forward, confusedly wiping his hands on his trousers, and shaking the big man’s hand, “William Shakespeare.”
“And you are a ..?”
“Ah, leather worker.”
“And ..?"
“Er, lover of fine ale.”
“And ..?”
“Um.”
There were several seconds silence as the two men stared at each other and Shakespeare groped for a third point to adequately round out his own trilogy of endeavour.
Finally, the notion came to his head - of course, he knew what he was now! He cleared his throat.
“And free man! That’s it, free man. I am the New William Shakespeare. The born-again William Shakespeare. The Shakespeare ready to take on the world.”
“Excellent!” said Budsby, shaking the hand of his new associate warmly. “Excellent. I can use your talents Mr New William Shakespeare. Look over there.”
He nodded to an area a hundred yards downstream, where, at the narrowest and shallowest point of the creek, seven horse-drawn carts and carriages were slowly fording the cold, listless water. The horses, a collection of chestnuts, piebalds and blacks of varying ages, were hooked together in twos, and stuck wearily at their task of pulling a series of brightly painted wagons. The clatter of their hooves over the stones mixed with the ring of banging pots and pans hanging off the last wagon.
In the distance, in the fading afternoon light, Shakespeare could just make out that the lead wagon had a large sign on its side.
As he strained to make sense of it, the big man spoke up. “Let me tell you what it says,” he said, as he put the whisky tube back in the stick, and screwed the silver cap on. “It reads, ‘Rufus J. Budsby presents for your enjoyment and edification his leading troupe of Mummers’.”
“Mummers?” said Shakespeare.
“We dance, we sing, we juggle, old boy,” he said.
“Oh, I see.”
“We have fun, don’t we, Soho?” he added, ruffling the gargoyle’s hair. “We go from village to village, enhancing the otherwise dull lives of the good residents with our skills, our humour, our athleticism.”
“Athleticism?” said Shakespeare incredulously, staring at the giant.
“Well,” said Budsby, patting his rounded stomach, “not my athleticism, as such. I leave that to my artistes.” He rolled this last word out as ‘arteests.’
“We amaze, we intrigue, we astonish,” the big man continued. “Surely you’ve seen us? Where are you from?”
“Stratford. Just up the road.”
“Ah-ha! Performed there only yesterday, in that muddy little paddock at the south end of town. You were not amongst the enthusiastic audience?”
“Yesterday was not a very good day for me.”
“So I see,” said the big man, pointing at the cut on Shakespeare’s temple with his stick. “I therefore take it that is why you are here, beside a cold stream, all alone, endeavouring to clean the grime and blood and, dare I suggest, the memories away?”
“Yes. My wife …”
The big man waved the cane dismissively in the air. “Sssh,” he said, “tell me no more. I’ve been on the road long enough to know that a man’s past is not important to me. You are talking about the Old Shakespeare, which I don’t need to be regaled with. I only know of the New Shakespeare, and it is the New Shakespeare that I am offering employment.”
The gargoyle moved forward again.
“Not your part, Soho,” said the big man. “No one can take your place.”
“Employment?” said Shakespeare.
“Look,” said Budsby, pointing with the stick to the wagons as the last of them crossed the stream. “What do you see?”
“Wagons.”
“Yes, and what is pulling them?”
“Horses.”
“Precisely. And what do we need to combine the horses with the wagons?”
“Harnesses,” said Shakespeare thoughtfully. “And bridles!”
“Exactly. And forgive me if I am wrong, but upon extricating himself from the cold stream, and thus saving his spine from permanent injury, did not the New Shakespeare tell me he is a leatherworker?”
“Why, yes.”
“And look at my friend, Soho here. What is he wearing around his pantaloons?”
“Why, a belt.”
“And what do I have on my feet?”
Shakespeare looked down, marvelling again at how such a giant body could be sustained by such tiny feet.
“Boots.”
“Top marks, Mr New Shakespeare. Excellent observational skills. Bridles, harness, belts, boots. They are all made of leather, not to mention the uniforms we have for the tumblers, and the massive strapping the strong-man wears around his girth.”
He walked forward, leaned close to Shakespeare’s face, and continued almost conspiratorially. “It is a tough business, travelling the road, Mr New Shakespeare. Entertaining the populace, going from village to village, setting up, pulling down, giving them what they want, a thrill for a couple of pence. It causes much wear and tear on our equipment and clothes, and requires someone to repair them and keep them in shape. I believe you are just the man for the work!”
“Why, Mr Budsby, thank you.”
“Don’t thank me, young man, you are a godsend! Fate has dictated that Soho and I should suddenly decide to alight from the wagon at this point today and stretch our legs for the last hundred yards or so - a rare event for me, you will appreciate - and thus come across you.”
“Fate?”
“We have been struggling with rapidly deteriorating equipment for weeks now, Mr New Shakespeare, since our regular fix-it man, Mr Mullins, became the target of a group of sailors at an inn in Portsmouth.”
“What happened?”
“They filled him to the gills with rum, struck him a hefty blow on the back of his head with the leg of a chair, and he was last heard of applying his stitching skills to canvas on a ship heading for Norway.”
Shakespeare lightly touched the wound on his head and winced. “I think I’ll be staying out of inns for a while …”
Budsby let out a raucous laugh, joined by the eerie mime of a laugh from the silent gargoyle.
“I think you should, Mr New Shakespeare,” said Budsby. “By the looks of that, I agree that you should.”
Their laughter died down, and Budsby moved to close the deal.
“I will be frank, Mr New Shakespeare, I can only offer you a bed and meals in return, but are we in agreement?”
“Yes, we are in agreement!” said Shakespeare brightly.
“Splendid. Come on, then. We’re setting up camp on the other side of the creek, let’s cross it and get you cleaned up and into some dry clothes.”
By the time they had walked down to the ford, and tip-toed across it, the wagons had been drawn up in a circle in a clearing a little further into the forest, and the troupe was busily making camp. Horses were being tethered, tables made up, and already a big fire in the centre of the clearing was sputtering into life.
Soho disappeared under instructions to get some fresh clothes for their new employee, and Budsby ushered a thankful Shakespeare towards the fire, where he crouched as close he could to get some warmth into his drenched body.
A stocky, muscular man came walking quickly across the clearing, and handed Budsby a tankard of ale, the sight of which made Shakespeare feel inwardly ill.
The man had shiny black hair, a handsome clean-skin face, and the muscular build of an acrobat. But by the way he talked to the others and approached Mr Budsby, he appeared to be some sort of second in command.
Shakespeare’s estimate proved correct when the stocky man said to the big man, “All under control, Mr Budsby,” he said.
“William Shakespeare,” said the big man, waving his tankard, “Mr New Shakespeare, that is, allow me to introduce you to Nick Sayers, gymnast, acrobat and my extremely talented manager.”
Shakespeare stood up from the fire, and the two shook hands, Shakespeare astonished by the ferocity of the man’s grip.
The big man continued, “Once we have dried him out, Mr Shakespeare is going to take over Mr Mullins’ job and help us with the repair of our equipment.”
“Welcome aboard,” said Nick Sayers, looking a little puzzled over the ‘New’ in the stranger’s title. “There’s plenty of things to fix. And plenty of other things we can get you to do, too. Can you juggle?”
Shakespeare looked surprised. “Oh, no,” he replied. “No.”
“Mr New Shakespeare,” chipped in Budsby. “You will find the key to success for an entertainment troupe on the road is, above all other things, versatility.”
Shakespeare looked around, and took in the lesson. Just as the leading hand was an acrobat, others, too, had their tasks. It was the juggler’s job to get the fire going. The wirewalker’s task to tend the horses.
And the company’s comic act, the one that Budsby enjoyed most to introduce to his awe-struck audiences, “The Amazing, Incredible, Indivisible Siamese Twins”- one of whom was actually a giant jet-black Nubian woman, and the other a diminutive blue-eyed albino from up near the border with Scotland - did the cooking.
Even Soho had the task of checking the grounds last thing at night to ensure everyone’s safety before they went to sleep - although troupe members were bemused as to how, should something nasty happen, the little silent fellow would raise the alarm. But that’s what Mr Budsby wanted, and that’s how it was.
The New Shakespeare discovered all this and more as he warmed himself by the fire, listened to the conversation of the troupe members, devoured two plates of the stew and fresh-baked bread the so-called twins had prepared, and washed it down with a huge mug of hot, sweet tea.
It was all very exciting for the young man from tiny Stratford - not yet twenty-one, and whose life had previously simply progressed from school to apprenticeship to hasty, nasty marriage in a rapid and all-consuming blur.
That night, the New Shakespeare, dry, warm, fed, and sober, snuggled down in his bed of hay and two well-worn blankets underneath the wagon he had seen with the banging pots and pans on it - the one he now knew to be the maintenance cart - and stared at the glowing embers of the fire in the middle of the clearing.
And for the first time in years, he felt wanted.

CHAPTER FOUR

The next ten months were bliss. William Shakespeare had never encountered anything like this before. New faces, new places, new hope.
The Rufus J. Budsby Company of Mummers took him in to their hearts like a long lost son, thrilled with his keenness and diligence for work. “My little runaway,” Budsby would boom, “he does me proud.”
And what work! The company had accumulated a backlog of maintenance problems and repair jobs since the late-departed Mr Mullins had involuntarily taken an unexpected career change into the maritime business.
The easy part was the trimmings needed for costumes, including gloves. These were made of the soft leather and chamois that Shakespeare had worked on at his father’s business since was thirteen. He astounded the performers, especially the women, with his attention to detail as he not only repaired but often re-cut their garments to make them more comfortable, thus laying the foundations for a better performance.
The Siamese twins were especially thrilled with the re-shaping he did of a brace that they wore on stage and which give the impression they had been irretrievably joined at the hip from birth. Designed by Budsby for concealment under their scanty jungle costume, it fastened the giant dark-skinned beauty and the diminutive pale northern border waif so tightly and cleverly, it fooled the eye of even the most suspicious rural fairground patron. But it had always been a troublesome piece, leaving them sore and chafed after each show.
“Born of a black Nubian princess rescued from the clutches of an emir of Arabia,” Mr Budsby would announce to the startled customers as the pair hobbled from one side of the stage to the other. “And sired by a valiant English gentleman expeditioner, carrying the flag of our mighty nation and the goodwill of our gracious Queen Elizabeth, and said to have sailed with Sir Walter Raleigh himself.”
Patrons would leap back when the pair would suddenly lunge in perfect unison to the edge of the stage and hiss.
Meanwhile, the big man would continue, “Thus perfectly producing two totally different embodiments - one of English civilisation and the other of tribal primitiveness - in the one indivisible form. And brought back exclusively to our fair land by my good self Rufus J. Budsby for unique and once-only display before your disbelieving eyes.”
The act was an absolute show-stopper, especially when the dark one would suddenly roll her eyes back into her head and babble in some sort of gibberish while the other replied to her in the Queen’s own English. Jaws would drop when they would then swap and exactly the same words would come out of the opposite mouths.
Such was the act’s drawing capacity and importance to the troupe, Mr Budsby pledged his eternal gratefulness to his new maintenance man for having resolved the thorny issue of the troublesome brace.
“They were going to leave me, Will!” Budsby told him, after the new piece of equipment had been warmly received by the duo and inspired them onto a bravura performance at Salisbury.
“But by virtue of re-design of the brace, you have assured the future of our little road-travelling family. The twins now plan a long stay in their customary roles.” The big fellow leaned forward and whispered. “Or, as the smaller of the duo confided in me,” - and at this point he pitched his voice high to mimic the girl’s voice - ‘It’s wonderful what Mr Shakespeare’s done with the brace, Mr Budsby. It don’t ride up me crack no more …’” He pulled back and let out the bassoon laugh - the deep, rolling laugh that had so grasped Shakespeare’s imagination on the first day they met - slapped his thigh, slopped his tankard, and concluded, “Ah, she’s a delight that one. The epitome of all innocence. Doesn’t it make you feel good to be amongst people like this?”
The Salisbury show was part of a long-running tour that Mr Budsby had developed during his many journeys criss-crossing England over the years.
They spent nearly a week at Salisbury, as part of a local fair. But at some villages they would simply set up, do a day’s show, stay the night and be gone the next morning. The big fellow had the canny knack of knowing when the well was drying up and it was time to pull up stakes and move on. “I smell the coin of the realm in the wind,” he would intone, as they rolled into a town, Soho at the head of the wagons drumming up patronage with an incredible set of hand-stands, somersaults, and leaps. The sight of a red-and-white gargoyle bouncing down the road to the beat of a drummer-boy, and accompanied by a standard-bearer, was enough to lure women, children and tradesmen out of homes and shops into the street to watch the procession roll by.
Shakespeare noticed the love-hate relationship Soho quickly developed with a crowd. Children were especially intrigued and amused by his athleticism, but repelled by the ugly face and misshapen body. This would not be helped when, on most occasions, the road was muddy, and his stubby hands became encrusted with black slime. There would be shrieks of both laughter and horror when he would suddenly leave the centre of road and rush at the crowd on the sidelines, holding his muddy palms out as if to grab them. Children would hide behind their mothers’ skirts - the mothers themselves retreating in alarm.
But, as Budsby always pointed out, there was none better at the game than Soho.
The little fellow knew when to pull back, and leave people merely with a fast-beating heart and an implanted message that they must view the show and see what the rest of it was all about.
It was marketing at its cleverest, the drummer-boy providing the sound, the bouncing dwarf the action, and the standard-bearer declaring that Mr Budsby’s mummers would “Astound, Astonish and Amaze With Acts of Unparalleled Agility.”
Because most of the populace could barely read, the canvas also carried true-to-life paintings of three of the premiere acts - the Siamese twins, the strong man and the fire-eater. This was important, for while Rufus J. Budsby could smell the money, it required cleverness and persistence to seduce it out of tight rural purses.
The troupe carried with them no tent, but rather, performed on a brightly decorated stage cleverly made up on the flat of one of the wagons. People simply gathered around, and therefore the mummers could not charge an admission fee, relying, instead, on money thrown on stage by an appreciative audience. It was therefore imperative that all acts, whether sent out to shock, amuse, or amaze, had to perform at their very best. A bad fall by one of the acrobats, or a poor lift by the strongman, and the day’s pickings would be lean.
On those nights, Budsby would stare morosely into his jug of wine and order his right-hand man, Nick Sayers, to tell the troupe to smarten up, practice their routines, and ensure that such sloppy performances were eliminated.
He would get the offenders to reprise their act by the fire until the problem was ironed out.
Then, after a couple of more drinks, a hearty feed, and a warm-up by the flickering flames, the optimist in Budsby would re-surface and roar heartily, “Tomorrow, my friends, those coins will clatter across the stage like the sound of rolling thunder.” Then he would let out the bassoon laugh and stagger off to sleep in his wagon, leaving Soho to batten things down.
Shakespeare would return to his cart, too, and survey the work needing to be done next morning.
While he had had great success with the softer leathers, using the relatively primitive tools left behind by Mr Mullins, he struggled initially with the tougher, thicker leather for the bridles, harnesses and other more utilitarian gear. The large, unwieldy needles and the sinewy thread regularly ripped his skin. But sitting in the maintenance van, amid a ramshackle collection of tools, strips of leather, and jobs in need of repair, he willed himself to overlook the blood and discomfort to show his appreciation for his new family.
As they travelled that summer through Dorset and Somerset, reaching the western seaboard for an extended stay - a long way from Stratford, he reflected - he stuck at his task, developing thick calluses on his hands as a protection against further cuts.
By the time Christmas had come, he had mastered most jobs, not only with leather, but any other repairs to vehicles and equipment that were needed.
He was therefore ready when presented with a vital challenge - to fix the rapidly deteriorating leather strapping for “The Mighty Hercules, The Strongest Man in all of Merry England.”
Almost eighteen inches wide at its broadest, the thick embossed belt was wrapped around Hercules’ rock-hard stomach by Soho prior to each performance, then pulled tight and locked with two huge brass buckles at the back.
While adding glamor and drama to the act, the belt had an important duty - providing support for Hercules’ spine when he bent down and picked up the bar with the huge, perfectly-round metal spheres on each end.
As the season wore on, the stitching had started to unravel, making the procedure, which was the climax of his engrossing act, all the more precarious. By the time they reached Taunton, immediate action was required.
“It’s been terrible, Will,” Hercules said to Shakespeare, as he handed over the belt in the cluttered van.
“I think I should be able to do something with it,” replied Shakespeare, closely examining the frayed webbing and picking at it with a fingernail.
“I haven’t been able to lift with confidence, you know what I mean?” continued the big man, his giant waxed moustache twitching with anxiety.
“I think I do.”
“You’ve got to feel confident in my game.”
“I see.”
“Otherwise, you never get the thing off the ground.”
“Right.”
“I know blokes, some stronger than me - farm-boys, that type - big enough to pull a stuck bull out of the mud.”
“Yes?”
“But they can’t do what I do. Bring them up on stage, and they go to water. They can’t pick up that bar.”
“I’ve seen them.”
And it was true, too, one of the highlights of Hercules’ act was to challenge locals to a test of strength, and in doing so, reassure even the most cynical that the round weights were genuine.
Peering from out of his van, Shakespeare had witnessed many a strong young country lad, red-faced from embarrassment as back-slappers pushed him forward, fail at the first hurdle. Even though they sometimes rivalled Hercules in size and bulk, they could rarely get the bar with its two dead-weight orbs off the ground, much less over their head.
“That’s because they don’t think about it, they don’t have the timing, they don’t have the confidence,” said Hercules.
“Right.”
That’s what life’s all about it, isn’t it, hey? Three things. Thinking. Timing. Confidence.”
Shakespeare, The New Shakespeare, that is, looked up from the stitching with wonderment on his face.
He was taken aback that such a simple but potent philosophy on life could be presented to him by a man whose success in matters seemed to be based more on things muscular than cerebral.
“Yes, yes! You are right, Hercules, you are absolutely right!”
“Aw, just call me Max. Hercules is only my stage name.”
“Max. Okay, Max it is then.”
“Can you fix it?”
Shakespeare peered again at the big man in front of him. The mighty handlebar moustache flourished beneath two high cheekbones. Above them sat a pair of brown eyes, which sparkled, a tribute to the fellow’s fitness and good health. On top, a thatch of glossy black hair matched the moustache in both colour and flair.
Shakespeare thought to himself how, out of his traditional stage clothes of leopard-skin loincloth and calf-high boots, and standing in simple trousers and shirt, Hercules looked a true gentle giant.
It was said that despite his size, he had never raised a fist in anger to anyone, and that somewhere back in London there was a wife and two children that he adored, and which he supported by saving whatever he could from his displays of strength on the road, and took back to his little family when the opportunity presented itself.
“Yes, I can fix it,” Shakespeare reassured him.
“Beautiful. Beautiful,” said Hercules. “I’ve never felt confident at all since we were in that little seaside village a couple of weeks ago, and I bent down, the belt started to slip, and I couldn’t get a grip of my balls.”
Shakespeare couldn’t help it. A glimmer of a smile came to his lips.
“And I let go of both of them.”
The smile began to develop into a discrete laugh.
“And they rolled into the crowd and flattened a little old lady!”
It was too much. Shakespeare cast the belt aside and burst into laughter.
“What?” said Hercules, puzzled. “What?”
“It’s nothing, Max, nothing.”
“Oh, I see,” said Hercules, smiling as the picture developed in his mind. “My balls!”
“And the little old lady,” added Shakespeare, tears streaming down his face, “the poor old thing … Ohhh, dear …”
“My balls nearly killed her!” roared Hercules, bursting into laughter, and slapping Shakespeare on the shoulder.
Shakespeare bent forward under the pressure of the mighty blow, his laughter suddenly changing into a spluttering, coughing sound.
“Ohhh,” said Max, patting him apologetically. “Sorry, Will. Don’t know me own strength!”
The pair began to roar laughing again, but suddenly stopped when the van began shaking.
It was rocking up and down, and side to side so violently that even the strongman began to blanch. They looked at each other in fear, as the rocking continued, Shakespeare’s tools began to roll across his mottled work-board, and the pots and pans hanging at the back began to clang.
“Blimey,” said Hercules.
“Is it an earthquake?” said Shakespeare.
“Ha! No, no, only me,” came a booming voice, followed by a hearty chuckle. Shakespeare and Hercules turned to the entrance of the van, to see Budsby trying to heave his giant figure up from the step onto the platform, rocking the wagon as he struggled for balance. “These steps are getting higher every day,” he said, as Soho appeared from behind and began pushing his boss. “Remind me, if we should ever make a fortune, to buy myself a wagon that is built lower to the ground. It’s all I can do to get into bed at night.”
Hercules moved forward, grabbed his boss by the hand and in one quick movement, pulled him inside.
“Ah, thank you Master Hercules,” said Budsby, catching his breath, which was icy from the December cold. “I know it is said that intellect rules the world, but just occasionally a bit of brute force wins the day.”
“Hercules, er, Max, that is, is a thinker as well,” said Shakespeare.
“Oh, I know, I know,” said Budsby, catching his breath. “I would not want you to believe that I feel otherwise. Thinking. Timing. Confidence. That’s what it is all about, isn’t it, Max?”
“Certainly is, Mr Budsby.”
“Mr New Shakespeare, one day, when you are running your own show, you will be able to relate to your associates how the most successful travelling mummer outfit you ever came into contact with, worked on a three-point philosophy espoused by the show’s resident muscle-man.”
There was a pause.
“Plus,” added Budsby, winking to Max, “other unique strategies developed by its owner, of course!”
“Let me hear that again? My own show?” said Shakespeare, with surprise.
“The time has come, Mr New Shakespeare, for you to spread your wings.”
“But, Mr Budsby, I’m happy in my job. I’m grateful that …”
“Sssh,” he said, just like he did the first day they met at the stream, waving the big silver-capped Blackwood stick at him to cease. “You don’t need to be grateful to me. I am grateful to you for what you have done.”
“I’ve enjoyed every day since we met.”
“Excellent. But remember what we discussed on that first night, around the fire? I will not blame if you cannot recall the conversation, considering the state you were in.”
Shakespeare looked down at the strongman’s belt and then back at Max.
Max gave him a nod, a knowing nod, as if to you say “Come on, Will, I’ve told you how to do it. The three steps.”
Will nodded.
First up, think, he said to himself. Think.
He cast his mind back to that night. There was the fire. And the beer that the big man drank. And the acrobatic man that handed him the beer. Nick Sayers. That’s it. The acrobat. Who is also the manager.
Of course, I remember what he said!
But, wait, he thought. Don’t spill the beans too quickly now. Timing. It’s all in the timing.
Thinking. Timing.
He paused, and looked up.
“Versatility,” he said, with confidence.
The chubby red face of the big man split into a smile. Max beamed with pride.
“Splendid,” said Budsby. “Splendid, Mr New Shakespeare. Versatility it is, and that is what I have in mind for you. I thought we might take you away from the confines of the maintenance wagon, bring you out front of house, and begin your education in the world of entertainment.”
“But …”
“Will,” said Budsby kindly. “You have cut, sewed, repaired and re-fitted every piece of leather in the entire troupe. Twice! The bridles on the horses match those of the Queen’s Guard. And you have learned how to make pots, repair pans, and fix wagon wheels.”
“It’s just that,” said Shakespeare, waving at a collection of pieces of leather hanging on hooks, “I’ve got to finish Max’s belt, and a couple of other jobs.”
“Enough!” said Budsby, flourishing the stick, and turning around. “I have that problem solved. Soho!”
The little man jumped at his name, turned and walked to the back of the wagon. He looked outside and waved.
There was more movement of the wagon as Shakespeare could feel another person climbing on board. But this time the rocking was not of earthquake proportions, and the reason soon became apparent.
The visitor appeared at the doorway, a figure Shakespeare had never seen before. He was a short, wiry character, his skin well weathered by the sun and wind. Under a thick greatcoat, he wore a blue and white striped top, and in his hands he carried some sort of cap, which he nervously turned over and over again.
“Mr New Shakespeare,” boomed Budsby grandly, “allow me to introduce to you - originally from Colchester, late of Norway, and fresh from jumping ship at Deptford - Mr Mullins.”

CHAPTER FIVE

“Halt, who goes there?”
“What do you mean ‘Who goes there?’” bellowed a thundering voice out of the twilight. “We go here, of course!”
“And who is we?” replied the voice.
“Good heavens, man, take a look will you? It’s a troupe. The Rufus J. Budsby Troupe of Mummers, the most famous travelling show in all of England. And I am Rufus J. Budsby, entrepreneur, raconteur and bon vivant, himself.”
“Never heard of you. What do you want?”
The big fellow was taken aback. He turned and whispered to the little gargoyle on his left. “Never heard of us? What does he mean he’s never heard of us?”
The gargoyle shrugged.
Leaning to the bearded young man on his right, Budsby added mellowly, “You had better have another look at that marketing strategy of yours, young Will.”
There was silence.
“Well?” said the first voice impatiently. It came from a short, squat figure. He was dressed for battle, his chain-mail vest and shiny helmet glistening in the dimming light. A giant spear was held in a metal-gloved hand, a long sword hung from a studded belt, and Shakespeare could see he wore unusual protective leggings made from strong thick hide. Ox, the leather-man in him surmised.
Under the helmet, a pudgy face with squinting eyes, a three-day stubble and a mouth with full lips screwed itself into speech again, “So what do you want?”
Budsby cleared his throat and stepped forward a pace on the dusty forest track. “We seek the opportunity to repose on the outskirts of the village, kind sir.”
“Why?”
Budsby moved forward another three paces and continued, “As I said, sir, we are a travelling troupe of mummers. And once we have rested tonight, then tomorrow we propose to set up our stage and present for the good people nearby such a summer performance of sights and sounds, the like of which they have never seen before.”
“Sights like what?”
“Ah, I see sir is an incisive critic of the performing arts,” Busby added warmly, moving another five paces closer. “Sights such as the amazing Siamese Twins, one black, one white. Sights such as the incredible fire-eater, who can project two yards of flame from his mouth.”
“And?”
“Sights such as Hercules, our mighty strong man, the strongest in all of Merry England,” continued Budsby enthusiastically, moving within ten yards of the guard, and peering at him. “Who I suspect, powerful as he is, might be challenged by a man of such obvious strength as your good self.”
“Oh, reckons he’s strong does he?” said the guard, relaxing his hand on the spear just a little.
“He does, sir,” crooned Budsby. “But even from this distance and in this dimming light I can see that your experience as a guard has gifted you with a most powerful body, too, ready to take on all-comers.”
“Well, I do my job.”
“Exactly,” said Budsby, moving rapidly to within two yards of his quarry. “And that is why the good citizens of this area, and indeed, people all across this wonderful country of ours can go about their duties knowing full well that men such as you are providing protection from our mortal enemies.”
And so saying, he unscrewed the silver top from his walking stick, extracted the phial, pulled out the cork and offered it, saying, “Do you fancy a little tipple, good sir?”
The guard peered down at the silver tube, looked quietly left and right, and eased the grasp on his spear further. “Don’t mind if I do, sir,” he said, grabbing the phial with his free hand. “It’s a nice reward near the end of a long day.”
And as the man tilted his head back and swallowed the rough, warming liquid, Budsby slyly turned back to Soho and Shakespeare standing twenty yards away at the front of the first wagon, and winked.
“Thank you sir,” said the guard, handing it back when he had finished. “I appreciate your kindness. It’s just that around here these days, we can’t take no chances.”
“Oh?” said Budsby distractedly, going to have a swig himself, he discovered that the guard had finished the lot off.
“Being over here on the east, we get a lot of dangerous types smuggled on shore and heading for London.”
“What sort of, er, types?” asked Budsby carefully.
“French and Spanish, mainly. Enemies of the state. Spies, messengers, and rumour-mongers.”
“Spies?”
“And atheists.”
“Atheists, too?”
“And Jesuits.”
“Jesuits, hey, well I’ll be damned.”
Budsby kept all these responses as neutral as possible. He never cared much about all this spy stuff, but it was dangerous to indicate any feelings one way or another.
“All trying to challenge the authority of the Earl and of the Queen herself,” continued the guard.
“Ah, yes, the Earl …” said Budsby slowly, trying to elicit just which Earl the man was talking about.
“The Earl of Oxford. Edward de Vere himself!”
“Oxford? You’re a long way from Oxford, aren’t you? Why, Norwich is just up the road.”
“The Earl has properties everywhere, sir. Don’t forget he is the Lord Chamberlain, second only in rank to Her Majesty.”
“True, true. But I thought, you know, most of the estates he inherited when he was twelve, he had since sold off.”
“Maybe, sir. But a castle in de Vere’s name is just up the road, and I’m the advance guard.”
“Ah, de Vere, a man of distinction,” added Budsby carefully.
“Distinction, yes. Letters, too,” said the guard. Then leaning forward, he added, “But, just between you and me, as for actually paying poor sods like me on time, well, that’s another matter.”
“A bit tardy, yes?”
“He means well enough. But you have to haggle to get your wages.”
“Do you now?”
“With his estate manager. You don’t see much of the Earl around here. He’s in his thirties now, always living it up big down south, and if I had half a chance I’d be down there myself, too.”
Budsby moved closer, and said almost conspiratorially, “And tell me, what happens to these spies and atheists?”
“Quite frankly, they don’t worry me, sir. I just do my job.’
“Right.”
“But I gather, for any that we catch, there’s no second chance,” he added, stamping the end of his spear on the ground. “Over in Norwich, they get the axe, the gallows, or the stake.”
“Hmmmm,” said Budsby, thoughtfully. “Oh well, we will sleep well tonight knowing we are protected by such earnest hands as yours. Is there a clearing near here where we can set up the wagons?”
“I’m here to protect the castle. I’m not supposed to help itinerants.”
“Er, if only so that our strong man can be fully rested for his ultimate test with your good self on the morrow?”
The guard looked over each shoulder again, and leaned forward. “Well, if you go down this way, half a mile,” he whispered, pointing over his left shoulder, “there’s a scarred tree. Turn right there and a little way in, you’ll find a nice spot.”
“Excellent,” said Budsby, clapping him on the shoulder. “Excellent. And what is your name, sir?”
“Davidson, sir. Samuel Davidson.”
“Well, Samuel Davidson, when we get to London and appear at the Court, I will recommend to her Majesty and the Earl of Oxford himself that you deserve royal commendation as a reward for your diligence.”
“Are you going to London?” came the eager reply.
“That is our ultimate aim, yes.”
“I’ve never been to London.”
“Well, I must admit, it’s been a long time since I have, too, Mister Davidson.”
“Can I come?”
“Mister Davidson, I’m not sure we have a spot in our troupe. Let us see what tomorrow’s contest of strength brings.”
There was silence. A new thought came to the guard’s head. “If I get to join you, how’s a troupe of knockabouts like yours going to survive in London, anyway?”
“Ah, very perceptive, Mister Davidson. The assumption is, of course, that we can only survive on the road, continually moving. But see that man back there,” he added, pointing to Soho and Shakespeare in the distance.
“What, the little feller in red and white?”
“No, no, the other gentleman.”
“Yes?”
“That man has revolutionised the life of the travelling mummer, and I bless the day I came across him washing his wounds and cleansing his soul at a lonely, icy stream outside Stratford.”
“Stratford?”
“Shakespeare of Stratford, Samuel Davidson. Remember that name. He has a fine eye for spotting acts with potential, a wonderful incisiveness for improving them, and a bottomless well of ideas for promoting them.”
“Really?” said the guard, peering at the bearded young man with newfound interest. “He looks a bit of a skiver to me.”
“Er, yes, perhaps that helps, too,” whispered Budsby. Then raising his voice so that not only could Will hear, but most folk living in the nearby village, Budsby bellowed, “Due to young Shakespeare the Rufus J. Budsby Troupe of Travelling Mummers has discovered and developed acts of unbelievable skill. And not only that,” he continued in a quieter tone, “another of Mr Shakespeare’s initiatives is that he got our maintenance man, Mr Mullins, to buy four mainsails from a ships’ chandlers at Liverpool.”
“Sails?”
“He got Mr Mullins to stitch them together to make a large tent, and now, no matter where we are performing, our patrons are always dry and warm.”
No to mention, thought Budsby, they also have to pay an admission fee. Plus extra if they want one of the handful of seats up the front.
“So, he knows what the people want,” said the guard.
“Precisely, Samuel Davidson,” said Budsby, “Precisely. As you will see tomorrow.”
Soho looked up to see that all this talk had reduced Shakespeare to a shrinking figure blushing with embarrassment.
But there was no use denying it.
From the day he had handed back his tools to Mr Mullins and emerged from the cramped and jangling maintenance van eighteen months previously, Shakespeare had taken to the entertainment game like a duck to water. He progressed rapidly through an apprenticeship of basic skills - packing and unpacking gear, setting up the stage, and driving huge stakes into the ground with a mallet to hold up the wire-walker’s rig.
He even took on the task of holding the banner aloft, behind Soho and the drummer-boy when the troupe entered town, and turned it into a tour de force.
“It’s a vital job, my boy,” enthused Budsby, when he appointed him. “Without it, we would not round up customers. Remember, in entertainment, there is no such thing as a little part - only little people incapable of making something big of a part.”
And indeed, if there was a pivotal point in his career, it was the day in the small town of Huddersfield, when he noticed that simply spinning the banner drew oohs and aahs from the entertainment-starved villagers. He began to waggle it more, turn circles, march backwards with it, all the while, smiling. He decorated it with coloured pieces of cloth, he festooned it with bells, and he developed a brilliant technique of throwing the entire banner and pole in a loop in the air, and then catching it.
The smiling Shakespeare began spruiking, too, shouting, “Follow me, ladies and gentlemen, to where the wonders of the world await you, and you will be astounded by all you see.”
Budsby noted that this theatrical addition to what had been a fairly straightforward presentation began to make a small but significant improvement in interest and therefore takings.
It also inspired Soho to new heights, his reinvigorated acrobatic leaps and amusing tactics becoming the talk of central England as the show rolled inexorably on.
Shakespeare also won people over with the smile and easy repartee.
“How much do you expect me to throw onto the stage?” said a lady one day.
“Only a copper, ma’am,” replied Shakespeare. “And half that for children.”
“But what if I’ve got nineteen kids?”
“We’ll put you in the show, instead …”
Budsby would smile at the thought he was developing the perfect showman - albeit that Shakespeare, after taking many days to recover from the gigantic hangover he had on the first day they met, eventually rediscovered his love for ale.
And every now and then Budsby would have to go down to the main tavern in whatever village they were working in, and extricate his young genius and Soho, who would be sitting on the bar entertaining the crowd with his funny faces in between tankards.
Of course, while he was down there, Mr Budsby himself would partake of a couple of drinks, for medicinal purposes, only … and sometimes when they staggered back to camp it was difficult to work out who was actually extricating who from the danger of the demon drink.
However, it was at Bristol, that life really changed for Shakespeare.
While putting together the structure for the wirewalker, he casually mentioned to the star performer that at some point in his act, he should make a deliberate mistake. “Let one foot slip, and appear as if you are going to fall to the ground, but grab the wire at the last second and hang on,” said Shakespeare. “Then slowly battle your way back to safety.”
The wirewalker, Viktor The Supreme, was shocked at such a suggestion and stormed off to see Budsby and demand Shakespeare’s instant dismissal.
A diminutive, well-muscled character with a taut frame, he was believed to be part Russian, from the Ottoman area, somewhere near the border of Turkey. But even with his limited English, the sallow-skinned Victor managed to make it clear that such a proposal was an affront to his skills.
“Either he go, or I go,” said Viktor to Budsby in the big man’s wagon, his dark eyes flaring with anger.
Budsby was in a quandary and sought an explanation from Shakespeare, now almost a son to him.
“I simply feel it would add an element never seen before in such an act,” explained Shakespeare.
‘Go on,” said Budsby flatly.
“You see, Viktor is perfect.”
“Of course,” Viktor chipped in.
“They expect him to be perfect,” Shakespeare added.
“Is right,” said Viktor.
“But at the end of the act, he is so good, they do not realise what danger he has put himself in, and what skills he needs to avoid that danger.”
“So?” said Viktor curtly.
“Viktor, I watch the result of every act. Yours is very good, but …”
“Yes?”
“You will admit, Viktor, with respect, the applause is always polite.”
“Yes.”
“But not over-enthusiastic. And the money thrown on stage is not as good as most of the others.”
“Y-e-s …”
Budsby nodded. Good point, he thought. It had always puzzled him that one of his most skilled acts drew such a relatively modest response.
Viktor’s contribution was usually one of the smaller amounts of money thrown into the pot and divvied up among the cast at the end of the day - after certain necessary expenses were taken out, of course.
“Put it this way,” continued Shakespeare. “We prove to the audience how strong Hercules is by getting people up to challenge him. No one can lift what he does, and then they appreciate how good he is.”
“True,” said Budsby.
“And the jugglers!” added Shakespeare. “Every now and then they accidentally drop a pin or take a fall, and that proves they are human. But, you, Viktor, no one can comprehend how good you are. By making a mistake, and recovering, you will show that!”
“No, no! Viktor is perfect,” said the little man.
“It will be dramatic, believe me, and improve an act previously thought beyond improvement.”
There was silence.
Even the big man was mute. He did not know what which way to turn, for fear of losing either one of his best acts, or, worse still, the troupe’s obvious heir apparent.
Eventually, Shakespeare broke the impasse.
“Wait,” he said. “Wait here.”
He left the wagon and a few minutes later returned with a soft leather bag, dramatically spilling some of its contents on the table - a sizeable collection of gold and silver coins.
“See, this is the money I took from my father’s business the day I left Stratford. I have never had to use it because Mr Budsby has been so good to me.”
“You have earned your way, my boy,” said Budsby warmly.
“Thank you, Mr Budsby. But now I will put it to good use. Viktor, this is what I am proposing. At your next performance, I want you to try what I have outlined.”
“But …”
“Wait, wait, hear me out. I will wager you this bag of coins that it will work. If it succeeds, well and good. If it fails, you can have this money, and … and …”
Budsby started to shake his head.
“I will leave the troupe,” said Shakespeare flatly.
Budsby moved forward, but Shakespeare waved him away.
“Is done,” said Viktor, smiling.
The next day, villagers watched impassively as Viktor The Supreme went through his paces.
But they were starting to lose just a little interest, when suddenly, his left foot slipped, he dropped his long balancing stick, and he began to fall.
There were screams of horror as at the last second, he grasped the wire with his left hand, and hung there, twenty yards above the ground.
People whimpered, they drew their breath in, children began to cry. Those that had begun to drift away suddenly returned. Passers-by sensing the drama, joined them. Concern was etched on the faces of the swelling crowd, as tiny, seemingly helpless Viktor hung by one arm and appeared certain to fall to death or serious injury.
He stayed there for seemingly minutes, and as the concern spread, he began to play it up. The more he struggled to get his right arm up, the more they gasped.
Eventually he got both arms back on the wire, to the partial relief of the crowd, and then slowly but surely pulled himself up with both hands.
When he finally walked across to safety at the side without the support of the stick, the applause could be heard three towns away, and Budsby later counted the biggest haul he had ever seen for one act.
A smiling Viktor agreed to stay with the troupe that night, and Shakespeare hid his bag of coins away again.
Between these triumphs, and Shakespeare scouting for other quality acts to join them, the business had blossomed to the point that Budsby decided to branch out.
Rather than stick to his regular, well-worn trek, he determined they would take on ‘The Grand Tour’ as he described it, in a circular loop that would eventually take them to the prize - London.
They journeyed north to Liverpool, where profits indeed were so good that Budsby honoured his own promise and had a specially lowered wagon manufactured, providing better access for his giant frame.
They travelled further north to near the border with Scotland, where the paler half of the Siamese twins was able to briefly and happily reunite with her family.
Then they turned east to Newcastle, where they were feted like kings, before heading south on the final leg.
They were drawing such huge crowds, seduced by Shakespeare’s uncanny knack of adding drama to the programme, that by the time they were closing on the outskirts of Norwich in the summer of 1587, they were confident of taking London by storm.
Thus, after spending a splendid night in the clearing pointed out to them by Samuel Davidson, the seasoned guard protecting the property of the Earl of Oxford, they awoke with confidence.
And indeed, through the skill of Soho and the spruiking of Shakespeare, a huge crowd was yet again conjured up at a nearby tiny village, and the giant tent was abuzz. Customers were amazed by the twins, astounded by the fire-eater, and gasped at the right places when Viktor seemed doomed to fall but made his dramatic comeback. The highlight was the appearance of Hercules, who once again underlined his strength when several large but uncoordinated young locals tried valiantly, but failed to lift the massive weight.
All that changed when Samuel Davidson himself suddenly pushed his way through and up on to on the stage, amid a buzz from the crowd, and declared he was ready to accept Mr Budsby’s challenge to take on the big man.
Budsby began wondering whether issuing the challenge the previous evening over a soothing whisky, in order to get past Davidson and onto a place to rest, had been such a good idea.
Now stripped of his armoury and viewed in the cold light of day, Samuel Davidson presented a worrisome sight. He may have been short, and not all that pretty, but he obviously knew how to look after himself. His muscles bulged and glistened in the bright light of the tent.
“I fear,” whispered Budsby to Shakespeare at the side of the stage, “we may have bitten off more than we can chew.”
And as if to prove the point, Samuel Davidson strode forward, grabbed the bar, and lifted Hercules’ weight with ease!
He held it high above his head to the roars of the capacity-house crowd. “That’s our Samuel,” they shouted.
Hercules, the Gentle Giant, seemed unfazed. Winking at his boss, he waved to the other side of the stage.
There was much noise and confusion, and then Nick Sayers, muscular Viktor, and two of the acrobats, led by Soho pretending to whip them, staggered on stage, carrying an even bigger challenge. The crowd roared as they dumped down a bar carrying a pair of weights almost twice the size of the ones Hercules and Samuel Davidson had just lifted.
“Good grief,” whispered an astonished Shakespeare, “where does he keep that?”
“In a trunk marked ‘For Emergency Purposes Only’.”
Hercules made a great deal of this lift, flexing his muscles, circling the stage, and beating his chest in preparation. Eventually he got down to business, and after a long moment, when he seemed to go into a trance, he lifted the bar up, straight over his head.
“Thinking. Timing. Confidence,” whispered Shakespeare to himself as the crowd roared applause.
Now it was Davidson’s turn.
The crowd hushed as he went straight at the bar, gave it an almighty heave, and got it up to his chin. The strain on him was enormous, and the veins in his neck stood out half an inch as he gasped for air and willed himself to push it above his head. He gave one last shove, but his knees started to buckle, he staggered, and the mighty weight crashed to the stage floor.
There was brief moment of silence, and no one was sure what to do.
Shakespeare suddenly ran on stage, clapping his hands, and shouting, “Bravo, Mr Davidson. Bravo.”
The crowd picked up on the praise and went wild, especially when Shakespeare summoned Budsby on stage, and the grand man waved his silver-topped cane and proclaimed, “Mr Davidson, that is the greatest challenge to Hercules that all of England has ever provided.”
As the shouts and applause rolled on, Shakespeare whispered to Budsby, “Give him some money.”
“Money? Money!” hissed Budsby. “You don’t give this lot money - you extract it from them! That’s our job.”
“Just give him some money, Mr Budsby. He deserves it, and this little village will give you wonderful lasting memories to take onto Norwich and then London.”
Budsby smiled, and shoving his hand deep into the pocket of the mighty brown cape, withdrew a gold coin, which he held high between thumb and forefinger to the crowd.
The mob went wild, and started to clap in unison, shouting “Gold, gold, gold!” and broke into cheers when Budsby handed it to the sweating Davidson.
Davidson took it, and with a huge grin splitting his ugly features, held it up to the light for inspection, then held it close to one eye as a goldsmith would. Then he bit it, just as a soldier does to check that his salary is indeed, pure.
The wonderful mimic brought further roars of laughter.
“Just leave the comedy to Soho, will you son?” whispered Budsby, before suddenly grabbing Davidson’s hand and holding it high.
Hercules took the other hand of his vanquished but proud opponent and held it aloft, too.
When Shakespeare grabbed Budsby’s free hand and lifted it up, and Soho stood in front of the four of them and adopted the classic strong man’s pose and flexed his muscles, the crowd jumped to its feet.
And when they all bowed, hand in hand, Mr Mullins’ tent made from four mainsails rocked with thunderous applause until the curtain came down.
“Will,” said Budsby, “in all my years, I have never seen anything like it.”
“So you will take me with you, then?” interjected Samuel Davidson.
Budsby turned to the stocky guard.
“Take you?” said Budsby.
“To London!” said Davidson enthusiastically.
“Oh-oh,” said Budsby cautiously. “I appreciate your help on our arrival, Mr Davidson. I accept that your strength almost but not quite rivals that of Hercules. And I concede that your comic performance out there with the coin shows a theatrical bent. But I am afraid we are replete with staff and performers right now.”
“But …”
“Mr Shakespeare’s recruiting has us bursting at the seams.”
“I could be of great help,” urged Mr Davidson.
“I appreciate that Mr Davidson, but I’m afraid …”
The would-be performer lowered his head.
“Perhaps,” said Budsby, “perhaps, if you were somehow to find your own way to London, who knows by then, our circumstances may have changed and we could take you on.”
There was silence.
“Okay, Mr Budsby,” said Davidson finally. “I understand. Don’t you worry. I’ll find my own way!”
Hercules put his arm around the junior muscleman and led him away laughing, while Shakespeare and Soho went off happily to organise the packing up of the tent.
The jolly spirit drained from Budsby when he peered through a crack in the curtain to see the last remnants of the crowd, and noticed three men huddled in a corner, chatting. He felt he had seen them before. Or had he? One of his great strengths had always been an ability to put a name to a face, but after all these years on the road, villagers were now beginning to look the same to him.
Over the next days, as they progressed to Norwich, Budsby began having nervous nights, hearing noises, seeing faces in the bushes, and developing a fear the troupe was under observation.
When they finally set up on the Norwich common, he noticed a level of tension in the town. People were either strangely silent or arguing in the street over seemingly mindless issues.
A stake was permanently at the ready in the market square to put an end to any miscreant - spy, atheist, foreigner, or otherwise.
And when the promotional band of Soho, the drummer-boy and Will set out on its rounds, Budsby became convinced he was seeing the same trio of faces in the crowd that he had seen in the little village a few days earlier.
Look, he said to himself. There they were again!
A grubby trio dressed in even grubbier clothes, the ringleader in a big black battered hat, with a constant nasty leer on a mouth of blackened teeth. The three of them seemed to be taking a more than usual interest in the set-up and promotion of the show, constantly talking in muted voices to each other.
And by the time the curtain went up, Budsby had confided in Will that he would be relieved once they got out of Norwich and were back on the road.
It being a sizeable town, they did four days’ solid business there, the good folk perhaps seeking some alleviation from the hectic atmosphere that pervaded. But on the fifth morning, Budsby surprised all by being the first awake, and with the aid of Soho he rapidly got the troupe together, and at nine o’clock the wagons turned onto the road to London.
“Let us not include this place on our itinerary ever again,” he said to Soho as they flicked the reins of the horses.
Even this did not make him feel secure. The troupe was not its usual chatty self, and there was a tension in the still air as they slowly plodded along the rough road through the forest.
It perhaps did not surprise him then, when nine miles out of town, they turned a corner to find a tree freshly felled across the road.
He was perhaps even less surprised when, as soon as the wagons were forced to a halt, three men materialised out of the forest. Those same three faces he had been glimpsing during the nervous stay in and around the testy town of Norwich.
It almost seemed routine that they were armed with swords, and that they demanded that he, “Hand over any atheists on board”, and that they would kill him if he didn’t do so. It almost seemed predictable that his troupe was frozen with fear, and that when Budsby got down from the wagon, the lead bully-boy, the one with the bad teeth and constant leer, held a sword to his throat, and shouted, “We know what you travellers are like - liars, thieves and atheists!”
From one of the rear wagons, there came a mighty shout, and Max - Big Max, Hercules the Gentle Giant loved by all - jumped down and began running toward the three men, ready to come to the rescue.
This had had happened before, the sight of the shouting muscle-man putting to flight even larger gangs of would-be robbers, usually starving, poorly-armed villagers. But what happened next shocked even travel-weary, worldly-wise Budsby.
A fourth and then a fifth gang member suddenly emerged from the forest behind the running Hercules, and chased him, one striking him a savage blow in the back with his sword.
Hercules suddenly stopped in his tracks and turned on his assailants. It could now be seen that his back was a mass of torn flesh and spurting blood. He reached out and grabbed one and hurled him headfirst into the wheel of a van, splitting the skull open, and killing him instantly. But before he could do anything else, his other foe plunged the sword deep into the muscled stomach.
“No!” shouted Budsby, as the assailant pulled the bloodied sword out, and Hercules fell to his knees.
The big man grabbed at the gushing wound with both hands, tipped his head high to heaven, groaned and fell backwards in the dust dead.
If that was a gruesome enough change to events, then the next scenario was a total shock.
The fifth gang member - the killer - came rushing up to within ten yards of Budsby and Soho, shouting, “We know you harbour atheists, and they’ll get the same! By the grace of God, hand over …”
His voice was suddenly stilled in mid-sentence. He stopped in his tracks. He let out a sort of gargle. Blood began to spew from his mouth. His eyes rolled back in his head, and he slumped forward, dead at their feet.
A long spear sticking out of the man’s back glistened in the morning sun.
Budsby stared disbelieving at the spear, and then down the line of wagons to see its source. A figure was hurtling towards them. A recognisable figure. It was short, squat, and wearing a chain-mail vest, shiny helmet, and unusual protective leggings made from thick, oxen leather. This time the metal-gloved hand was swinging the long sword. And just as on the first day they met Samuel Davidson, he was ready to carry out his duty.
He charged down the length of the wagons, jumping the dead bodies of Hercules and the fourth gang member, screaming at the top of his voice.
Soho pulled the spear out of the back of the dead killer, and suddenly the bullyboy with the sword at Budsby’s throat figured he’d had enough. He started to run while the other two held their swords high, ready to engage in battle.
And if Samuel Davidson had proved on stage that he was a man of strength, then that day, he showed he was man of agility, too. He made them look fools as, with nimble steps and timely tumbles, he avoided their wild, panicky swipes.
But two against one is not the best of odds, and just when they were mounting a combined attack, Soho regained the initiative by cleverly sticking the spear out and tripping one.
A savage, crunching blow from Davidson’s sword saw this man’s arm severed, and he rolled on the ground screaming. The second could not avoid a lunge to the stomach, and crumpled to his knees.
Budsby and Soho looked on in horrific awe as their saviour finished the two off with ruthless blows to the neck.
The only sound was the runaway bullyboy crashing through the forest as he fled in fright, and the wails of the twins as they jumped from their wagon and threw themselves on the dead body of their beloved Hercules.
After they had buried the Gentle Giant in the forest, it was a long, slow, sad trip to London, punctuated only by Samuel Davidson’s explanation of his presence.
He had wanted to join them so much, and become the deputy of his newfound friend Hercules, that he had thrown in his job with de Vere, walked to Norwich, sneaked in under Soho’s guard the night before, and hidden himself in the back of the ramshackle maintenance van.
“Well, you did tell me to make my own way to London …” he whispered, tears running down his cheeks.
And when they finally did get to the city of their dreams, one of the first jobs for Shakespeare was to scour the East End and find the widow of the mighty Hercules.
In a tiny little room in Whitechapel, he handed over to her and his two daughters the big man’s share of the profits from the Grand Tour, generously boosted by donations from the troupe.
And with tears in his eyes, a large, embossed leather belt …

CHAPTER SIX

William Shakespeare had never seen a prostitute before. Well, not a London prostitute anyway. And certainly not one that was approximately the age of his mother.
Back in Stratford he had heard of local girls who had what was called “a bad reputation”, and who earned a few pence with local lads by giving them a bit of a treat in an alleyway up against the wall. And in the bigger places such as Liverpool he had witnessed desperate young women, sometimes with a brace of starving children huddling in the cold outside, anxiously plying their trade among drunken sailors in rough taverns.
Now, here was the real thing. A battle-weary veteran, rouged, lipsticked and wigged up, brazenly lifting the low-cut red dress to entice him into the doorway with a vein-encrusted leg and a well-rehearsed spiel.
In broad daylight.
On a main road, too!
“Not that Commercial Street, Spitalfields, is the most salubrious of addresses,” Shakespeare said to Soho, as they passed by the opportunity of “a quick one, sir, only six pence - nine-pence if you want to include your little mate there. No, wait. Let me have another look. Oh, dear, a shilling at least with a head like that …”
But the rough-and-tumble London suburb, home of dissenters, zealots, and others who did not comply with daily city life, was all the Rufus J. Budsby Troupe of Mummers found it could afford when it finally escaped the clutches of angry Norwich and reached Nirvana.
Deflated by the death of their strongman, their expected triumphant march into the biggest city of all soon degenerated into a tragedy of epic proportions.
It had been many years since Budsby had left the capital with two wagons, a handful of acts, a booming voice, and hope in his heart. Having made a relative success of it in the countryside, he was shocked on his return to find how filthy and disease-ridden his former home town was, how expensive things were, and how uncompromisingly difficult and diffident the people had become.
He soon found that his verbal skills, so good at encouraging villagers and farmers to hurl their precious coppers on stage, had far less impact on the hardened denizens of the street-wise city.
They giggled at his old-fashioned hat, they sniggered at his all-encompassing cape, they guffawed at his wind-blown whiskers. Worse still, they laughed at his acts. But, alas, not when they were supposed to …
Cynical, bored and having been exposed to all manner of entertainment, they merely burst into laughter when Viktor The Supreme made his scripted, professional error and dangled by one hand from the wire. Instead of willing him back to safety, they urged him to fall and kill himself.
On the opening afternoon, on a little patch of highly valued green, the sight gags were treated with disdain, the acrobats with a yawn, the fire-eater with a shrug of the shoulders.
And the Siamese twins?
“We got a pair down our way wot’s more unbelievable than that,” came a voice with a distinct Southwark snarl.
“And I would believe it,” whispered Budsby to Shakespeare.
To his credit, Samuel Davidson put on a fine display as the replacement of the lamented Hercules. In fact, too good a show. Among the challengers that failed was a sizeable, menacing, but uncoordinated monster who, it turned out, was the principal bully for the low-life who ran the major prostitution ring in east London.
The big fellow was laughed off stage, angrily lashing out at his giggling tormentors with bunched fists as he scurried red-faced back into the crowd. But he turned up after the show, accompanied by a diminutive, oily-skinned man with weasel eyes.
In malevolent tones, the little man advised Budsby and Shakespeare that if his boy or, in fact, anyone else who was associated with his business was similarly humiliated in public again, then the four-sailed tent of Mr Mullins would, sadly and mysteriously, go up in flames.
“Mr Budsby, you are in business, too,” he said, his dark weasel eyes darting from side to side. “You understand. I have an image to maintain,” he added gravely, before slinking off into the dark.
Viktor The Supreme stormed off, “to join real circus in Italy,” the acrobats and jugglers dispersed in search of regular jobs, and the twins figured that while they would hang around, it was time to try a new act.
When the troupe woke up the next morning, they discovered to their horror that all sixteen horses had been stolen overnight - rumour later having it that the much-travelled flesh provided the base ingredient for a flourishing new pie business in Romford.
And so, on this day in late September 1587, after passing up the offer of the Commercial Street prostitute, Shakespeare and Soho hurried on to a tavern hidden away in the back alleys of nearby Smithfield. Their mission was to meet with Mr Budsby and the others remaining in the rapidly unravelling troupe, and attempt to answer the question “Now what?”
“Now what, indeed?” said Budsby, placing his tankard carefully on the table and gloomily staring into its contents. “We are steadily working our way through our reserves of cash, under threat from Spitalfields’ criminal element, our performances are despised, and our horses are being served on dishes throughout Greater London as we speak.”
“Pie, anyone?” said the only serving wench in the room, approaching with a tray of food.
“Not for me,” said Budsby gloomily. “Alas, my poor horse, he served me well.”
Shakespeare smiled, and clapped him on the shoulder. “Ahh, Mr Budsby, even in the darkest of moments, it is pleasure to be part of, and in your company.”
“Here, here,” said Samuel Davidson, lifting his tankard.
“To Mr Budsby,” chorused the ‘twins’ who were no longer twins. Soho opened his mouth and emitted no sound, and they all raised their tankards, drank heartily, and slammed them down.
There was silence.
In fact there was a long lingering silence, and Budsby began to look around the room.
It was pleasant enough. Indeed, quite pleasant. Clean, bright and comfortable. Recently rejuvenated, obviously.
The ale was good, and the service from the one single wench quick and friendly. Indeed, he had never been offered food like that before. But where were all the customers?
Shakespeare began to look around, too. The same thing puzzled him. He had been in many a tavern over the years, none of them anywhere near this for style and cleanliness, yet they were always jammed to the rafters with noisy, jostling customers. This was almost eerie.
“Quiet in here, isn’t it?” said Mr Mullins ultimately.
“What did you say?” said Budsby.
“I said there is not much going on here, is there?”
“Exactly!” said Budsby.
“Precisely,” said Shakespeare, quite excitedly, nodding to a long, narrow, vacant space against the back wall.
Budsby turned around, looked at the space, and turned back. They both began to smile.
Mr Mullins, who had earlier declared he would stay on with Mr Budsby no matter what “because you are the finest employer I have ever had, sir,” looked from one to the other.
“What?” he said. “What’s up?”
“Yes,” said Samuel Davidson. “What?”
“What’s this all about?” chimed in the former twins.
Budsby leaned over to his young heir apparent, and whispered, “Will, are you thinking what I am thinking?”
“I believe I am, Mr Budsby, I believe I am.”
It took time, and few more ales, but the loquacious Budsby’s skills won out, and ultimately he pumped the pretty, naive serving girl for the story behind the lack of clientele, “in such a fine establishment as this.”
“Oooh, such a tragedy it is, sir,” said she in a rush. “It is my uncle who is the landlord, well, he is the landlord now, but in fact he was simply going to be the silent partner. He put all his life savings into this, having worked all those years running the books in the miller’s, to go in partnership with his best friend who knows all about inns, having had the Fox and Hounds over in the west for years. But after they had done this all up, his friend, well, he’s not really his friend now, is he? His friend, who was going to run it, well, the only running he did was that he ran off with poor uncle’s life savings - and with his wife of twenty-seven years! It turns out that they had been, you know, er, ah ...” She stopped and blushed.
“Companions?” added Budsby helpfully.
“Emotionally involved?” contributed Shakespeare.
“You mean he was giving her one?” inquired Davidson, nudging Mullins with his elbow. The girl’s face turned crimson.
“Thank you, Samuel,” said Budsby, “for your florid assessment of the situation, which, alas, might be a little too colourful for our young lady here.”
The girl took a deep breath, her breasts heaved, and Shakespeare leaned forward, intrigued.
“Well, anyway, it turns out they had been friends for ages,” she continued, “and had set all this up so they could cheat uncle out of everything. And they have,” she added, biting her bottom lip.
There was silence, until she regained her composure.
“So, where is he?” said Budsby kindly.
“Now he just lies upstairs in his bed, staring at the ceiling,” said the girl. “Because he doesn’t know how to pour beer and run inns; he’s a figures man. And he doesn’t want to run it anyway, because the person he loves so much has run off with his friend who is no longer his friend. He’s lost all interest in life.”
“That is sad,” said Shakespeare.
“And,” she added, leaning forward, “just between you and me, I don’t know what aunty saw in the cheating little atheist bastard, anyway.”
It was all that the visitors could do to restrain themselves from laughing at this final, serious statement of a story so otherwise innocently told by the young girl, barely seventeen, with the most beguiling large blue eyes, pale complexion, ruby-red lips.
And, Shakespeare couldn’t help but notice, a magnificent bosom, hidden underneath a modest neck-high shirt, not like the low-cut blouses serving girls usually wore.
He looked at her again, and the image of Anne Whateley - his beautiful Anne who he had loved so much and now was gone - seared into his brain.
Shakespeare shook his head, and fell quite.
Budsby maintained his composure and eventually replied, “And what is to happen now, young lady?”
“Well,” said the girl. “I help out and keep it going as best I can. I serve the ale and do a bit of cooking for the few people that come in.
“But no one knows we’re here, or how we have done this place up, and unless we start getting some money in soon, then the agents of the owner, the Earl of Something Or Other, who owns half England, will turn up and throw us all into the street.”
“The Earl of Something Or Other?” said Shakespeare, suddenly snapping out of his reverential observation of the enchanting face and beguiling figure.
“Who owns half England?” added Mr Mullins.
“That wouldn’t be, by any chance,” chimed in Budsby smoothly, “the Earl of Oxford?”
“That’s him,” said the girl. “The Earl of Oxford.”
“He’s the Lord Chamberlain, too,” said Davidson.
“The Lord Chamber-Pot uncle calls him,” said the girl, brightening up. “Or at least he used to, when he was feeling better.”
“I see,” said Budsby. “Um, is there any chance of us seeing your uncle, not to impose on his time too much, but just for a moment?”
“Well, he don’t take kindly to visitors, but you could try. Why? What for?”
“We have, ah …” said Budsby.
“A little business proposition we would like to put to him,” added Shakespeare.
“A proposition that could resolve the financial woes that you have so beautifully outlined,” added Budsby.
“All right,” said the girl slowly. “No harm in trying, I guess.”
“But before we go up,” said Shakespeare, casting his eyes in the general direction of the steep stairs.
“Yes,” said the girl, looking at those eyes for the first time, and noticing how the semi-closed lids gave them a sort of sensuous look.
“Does anyone know,” queried Shakespeare, “where the atheist and his runaway lover have gone?”
“They were last heard of heading to Norwich.”
“Norwich!” said the erstwhile twins.
“Bleedin’ Norwich!” said Mr Mullins.
“Don’t you worry,” said Samuel, raising his tankard. “He’ll get his!”
And for the first time in many, many days, the group of friends burst into laughter.
It was the laughter of the tired, the drained, the emotionally wrung out; laughter mixed with tears; laughter perfect for washing away the memories of the last wretched few weeks; laughter that unveiled, for the first time, the funny side of their otherwise dark situation; laughter so hearty that it echoed through the emptiness of the tavern, especially the vacant space at the back wall which Budsby and Shakespeare kept eyeing.
It was laughter so loud and therapeutic, it even got uncle out of bed.
The group looked up to see a pathetic figure struggling down the steep stairs. The body was emaciated, dressed only in coarse underwear. The cheeks were hollow, the left one carrying a sizeable cut indicating that at some stage an endeavour had been made to shave the greying stubble, but had been abandoned through lack of interest. The thin grey hair was unkempt, and the two bony hands held rigidly to the banister as the ghostly figure negotiated the steep steps.
From out of deep hollows, two sad grey eyes stared into the middle distance.
“Uncle Percy!” cried the serving wench, as she rushed over and helped the stark apparition down the last few steps onto the freshly laid stone floor.
“Percy?” said Budsby, rising from the table. “Not Percy Fletcher?”
“You know this man?” said Shakespeare urgently.
“Yes, yes,” said Budsby. “Well I think I do. This is … this is Percy, isn’t it?” he continued, appealing to the girl for affirmation.
“Yes. My Uncle Percy. Percy Fletcher.”
“Well, I’ll be,” continued Budsby, getting up and rushing over. “Percy, Percy, Percy.” He stopped a yard short, examining the hollow face and wretched body, but kept talking loudly so the group behind him could hear every word.
“We were at school together,” Budsby said. “And had a few little money-making ideas on the side. Taking the odd wager, digging up a few stray vegetables when plot-owners weren’t looking and selling them, that sort of thing. Percy provided the head for figures, and I provided …”
“The bulldust!” added Samuel Davidson. The others laughed.
“Precisely!” roared Budsby. “Precisely. Ahh, Percy, we were a good team, and now it has come to this.”
He moved forward and embraced his old friend.
There was a long silence. As the tears ran down his cheeks into the greying stubble, Percy continued to stare into the middle distance.
Finally he spoke. “She left me, Rufus. She left me. After all those years.”
Budsby stepped back a pace and looked fondly into the face wracked with agony.
“I know, good friend. I know,” he said kindly. “And now I am here to help alleviate the pain.”
Budsby moved forward to hold his friend again, but before he could, there was a commotion at the door, and he turned to see a group of men burst in rapidly, roughly shoving tables and chairs aside, as they approached the group.
There were five altogether, four at the rear dressed for combat, with chain-mail jerkins, protective gloves, and shiny helmets. Four large swords dangled provocatively from four studded belts. The man at the front swaggered, confident that should there be any trouble, his gang of armed support would intervene and restore the balance. He was dressed in expensive clothes - the doublet, cap, trousers and hat were dour in colour, perhaps, but quality in style and cut. The only flash of colour was supplied by a quarter inch of a startling pink handkerchief, which poked out from under one sleeve.
The man’s goatee was trimmed to give a menacing look, and while the body was, Shakespeare guessed, now in its sixth decade and starting to expand from a little too much of the good life, he walked briskly and with confidence.
“Mr Fletcher,” he said, marching straight up to the cadaverous figure. “How good to see you up and about.”
“She left me,” was all that Percy could say. “She left me.”
“I appreciate that, Mr Fletcher. She was a good woman, your wife, a much-loved partner on the great and challenging journey of life. But I’m afraid matters of broken romance have little bearing on dealings of daily commerce.”
“She left me,” said Percy again, in the monotone of a beaten man.
“And you will be leaving here, too, within seven days unless some money - some rent - is forthcoming. The Earl of Oxford is a generous man, but as his manager, charged with the duties of handling his financial affairs, I am required to ensure that his properties perform at their financial optimum.”
“You might be good at collecting money,” said Samuel Davidson wryly, “but you’re pretty slow at paying it out.”
The four guards stepped forward, their hands on their swords. Their leader swung and stared at Davidson. Restraining his men from further movement with a raised hand, he said, “And who might you be?”
“Davidson. Samuel Davidson. I was a guard once up on one of the Earl’s properties near Norwich.”
“Then you will know, Mr Davidson, that the Earl has a vast empire, requiring constant attention to run smoothly. Payment for salaries such as yours …”
“Which took me a devil of a time to get.”
“ … is dependent on people such as Mr Fletcher here honouring their contracts. Luckily, you are here today, for whatever reason, to see exactly what I am talking about.”
He turned again to the distressed landlord. “Seven days, Mr Fletcher. Just one week.”
“Can’t you see he’s ill?” said Davidson.
“Not my problem,” came the reply.
Budsby could take this no longer. “On behalf of Mr Fletcher, I can assure you, sir, you’ll get your first payment in seven days.”
The leader swung around. “Oh, and who is saying this?”
“Rufus J. Budsby, sir, entrepreneur, raconteur and bon vivant.”
“Hmm,” replied the visitor, surveying the massive shape of Budsby. “I can see that much ‘bon’ has gone into the ‘vivant.’”
Shakespeare let out a small snigger, but quickly stifled it when Budsby shot him a severe glance.
“But perhaps,” continued the visitor, “a little more attention could be given to the dressage.”
Budsby gave a little bow. “And to whom do I owe thanks for such overwhelming advice on fashion matters?”
“I am Burghley,” continued the well-dressed man, “Baron William Cecil Burghley, confidante of her Majesty, and father-in-law of the Earl of Oxford.”
Budsby nodded his head again.
The girl curtseyed and backed away.
Soho gave a little bow and moved closer.
“Good heavens,” said Burghley, spying the gargoyle for the first time. “What is that?”
“Allow me to introduce Soho,” replied Budsby, “the funniest man in all of England.”
“Well, tell him to be funny away from me, will you?”
Soho turned to Budsby and winked.
Burghley continued, “It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr Budsby, but I have pressing matters.” And marching up to within an inch of the cadaverous face of Percy, Burghley said evenly, “Seven days, Mr Fletcher. Seven days.”
He turned and walked briskly toward the door, so intent on making a grand departure with his four henchmen, he did not notice Soho brush past him as he went.
At the doorway, Burghley stopped and looked back.
“It’s a pity, Mr Fletcher,” he said. “I thought you were going to do something great here, and bring us some income. Lord knows we need it. Come, gentlemen, we have work to do.”
He went through the door, and pulled it shut with a mighty crash.
There was silence.
A silence which was broken only when Soho turned around, held his palms flat up in the air, and then, from out of his mouth, started to unravel the pink handkerchief.
The laughter was so hearty, that even Uncle Percy managed a thin smile.
Budsby tapped the silver-topped cane on the floor.
“Ah well,” he said, “at least now we know what our challenge is. Let us get to work. But first, young lady?”
“Yes,” said Percy’s niece.
“I’m terribly sorry, what is your name?”
“Sarah, sir. Sarah Fletcher.”
“Sarah. Let me just say to you that, on the long pathway of life, it is always wise to listen to advice, even when it is presented in a manner that is sometimes difficult to swallow.”
“Yes, sir?”
“And so, young Sarah,” said Budsby, digging into his pockets and producing a handful of coins. “Could you direct me, please, to the nearest gentleman’s outfitter?”

CHAPTER SEVEN

Shakespeare barely caught his breath over the next seven days as he and Budsby embarked on fleshing out their spur-of-the-minute plan to save Percy Fletcher’s tavern. And in doing so, save themselves …
First, there was the matter of taking on board Lord Burghley’s brutal, parting assessment of Budsby’s clothes.
“If we are to be successful, we must look successful,” boomed Budsby’s voice, as he led his faithful little group out into the street. “And that means all of us!” he added, as they trooped obediently behind, dodging their way past traders, beggars and urgers.
Following the directions given by Sarah, who had stayed behind to bring a befuddled Uncle Percy up to date, the rag-tag platoon zigzagged its way through the muddy streets and eventually arrived at the doors of “Ezra & Jeremiah Pollock, Outfitters To The Gentry”.
Mr Mullins was fearful of the foreboding, silent aspect of the place, especially when he spotted a coat-of-arms fixed to one of the big oaken beams. “Look, Mr Budsby,” whispered Mr Mullins. “Royal patronage. They don’t like us type in places like this.”
“Huh,” sniffed Budsby, examining the crest with disdain. “The Duke of Exeter? That old buffer! He and I are seventh cousins, thrice removed.”
“But, Mr Budsby.”
“He bought the title, Mr Mullins. His mother was one-eighth Viking and his father smelled of goat. Come along. We’re better than any self-appointed Royal toady.”
And, tapping his stick, he led the way in, to be greeted by no less a personage than Mr Ezra Pollock himself - his brother, Mr Jeremiah Pollock, they were advised, “being away for the day doing some Royal measurements at Court.”
In normal circumstances, Mr Ezra Pollock, a wiry little man with huge black eyebrows and a sharp, beak-like nose that looked like it could shear material as cleanly as any knife, would delicately ease such a motley mob out of his emporium. But when Mr Budsby boomed, “We are all in need of outfitting”, he did a quick count of the heads and a rapid mental calculation of the likely profit.
And considering that sales had been slow in the sombre months since Mary Queen of Scots had been sensationally tried for treason and beheaded, allegedly in a plot with some Catholic extremist named Anthony Babington to overthrow her cousin Queen Elizabeth, he figured, “Why not?”
Strongman Samuel Davidson came up a treat in a new leather jerkin with matching pants, brought up by Mr Pollock, with a slight sniff, from “the tradesman’s ensemble section.”
Budsby, waving his stick with delight at the tight-fitting shirt accenting the curves of Davidson’s mighty biceps, declared it the perfect uniform for his part-time performer and occasional enforcer. “It has what I would describe as understated menace.”
Buoyed by his boss’ disdain for royal puffery, Mr Mullins chose a simple tunic made of wool, appropriately suited to the rigors of a maintenance man.
“There would be no better-dressed fixer of broken parts in all of London,” enthused Budsby.
Shakespeare positively exuded confidence when he strolled out in a magnificent outfit of doublet, breeches, lace collar, and cape. A jaunty hat featured a startling orange feather.
“Ah-ha,” said Budsby fondly. “That’s my man. That’s my man up front. No one will be able to resist his overtures in an outfit like that.”
The erstwhile twins did not miss out either. In fact, there were gasps of disbelief when they came back from Mr Pollock’s associated women’s shop next door. It was run by a kindly woman from Kent who had rushed around and attempted everything she could to optimise the charms of such wondrous, untouched material.
On tour, the twins had always been viewed by the others just as their act was - as one. But now, here they were, dressed at the height of fashion in silks gowns that billowed out around them, the tight-fitting bodices highlighted with velvet. With their hair piled high and a touch of make-up on delighted faces peeking out from large satin ruffs, they were revealed for the first time for what they were - two separate, and beautiful, young women.
The one, a tall, startlingly attractive beauty with dark Nubian skin, deep brown eyes, full sensuous lips, and the finest, highest cheekbones.
The other, an endearing waif, with turned-up nose, pale skin, a hint of freckles and sparkling blue eyes.
They moved with such grace that it finally dawned on the men that they had, in fact, been travelling for months within touching distance of sheer beauty and never realised it.
The two even declared that from now on people should address them by their real names - Rasa, for the tall one, and Emily for the little one - rather than the generally accepted cry of “twins!”
“Rasa! Emily,” said Budsby, a tear coming to his eye. “Such beautiful names for such visions of splendour. Elizabeth herself would welcome you as ladies of the court.”
Mr Pollock agreed. But he was not of the same opinion when it came to Soho. He jumped backwards in fright when the gargoyle suddenly appeared at his side, making sign motions that he wanted to trade in his familiar red and white diamond suit. Mr Pollock recovered sufficiently to take some distant measurements - “By eye, Mr Budsby, taking them by eye will be sufficient”- and then disappeared down the back for some time.
He eventually returned with a magnificent silk outfit in orange and blue vertical stripes, with puffed elbows, a similarly coloured hat with tiny bells around the rim, and a matching pair of shoes pointed and turned up at the toes like those worn by fairytale goblins. “It’s been lying around down the back for months,” said Mr Pollock. “A special order for the daughter of a wealthy trader. She was going to wear it for her tenth birthday party, as fancy dress. But, alas, she got an illness that not even the best physicians, summoned quickly and handsomely paid by her rich father, could diagnose. And she died. I tell you, Mr Budsby, you have come back into a London festering with some sort of disease such as I have never seen the like of before, and I fear for our future.”
There was a moment’s silence, before Mr Pollock cleared his throat and returned to business, stating, “I’m afraid I don’t have a ruff to go with it.”
“No need,” said Budsby pointing to the changing curtain with his stick. And there was Soho emerging, looking splendid in his new outfit. With his recently acquired pink handkerchief tied around his neck …
The triumph, however, was the purchase made by Budsby himself.
Aware that the group’s future hinged greatly on his image, and determined to become a big player in London, he went for overkill.
There was a lot of huffing and puffing and to-ing and fro-ing behind the curtains, and several times Mr Pollock ran to the back of the shop muttering darkly about “elephantine shapes”, to return with yet another outfit.
Eventually, out stepped Budsby, the peak of Elizabethan fashion, resplendent in doublet, jerkin, ruff, sur-coat and three-quarter cape.
The outfit was in the most splendid of greens, with red trimmings, beautifully tailored to fit not only his ample fifty-six inch chest, but also his luxuriant seventy-six inch waist! The Italian-style hat sat perkily on his head, and his whiskers were combed to perfection. Only the florid complexion and the silver-topped stick remained of the Old Budsby.
“Are you impressed?” said the big fellow, as he twirled around on the surprisingly small, dainty feet.
“It’s Lord Budsby for mine,” said Shakespeare, clapping his hands.
“Prince Regent of All He Surveys,” said Mr Mullins.
“Except Norwich …” added Davidson.
“Superb, superb. But, now, may I ask,” came a voice, “how does My Lord Budsby intend to pay?”
There was silence as the group turned to see Mr Pollock intently surveying a large piece of paper held in his thin scrawny hands. The sharp beak of a nose followed his darting eyes up and down the list of figures. Shakespeare thought he looked like a starling examining an inventory of twigs he had ordered to make a nest.
Budsby moved forward, quietly took the document out of Mr Pollock’s hands, and looked at the bottom figure.
Something approaching a low whistle could be faintly heard, followed by the trademark bassoon laugh. “A bargain at twice the price!” declared Budsby.
“Just paying that figure will be sufficient,” said Mr Pollock.
“As I explained sir,” replied the big voice, “I am Rufus J. Budsby, entrepreneur, raconteur and bon vivant.”
“All very well, Mr Budsby, but alas, we don’t give credit.”
“Of course not, sir, I would not expect that you would.”
“We only take cash.”
“Absolutely,’ said Budsby, unscrewing the silver cap of his Blackwood stick.
“Coin of the realm.”
“Quite correct, Mr Pollock. May I call you Ezra? It’s hard enough to make a living in these difficult times,” he added, pulling out the silver phial. “What with the Spanish and all.”
“Tell me about it, Mr Budsby,” said Mr Pollock despondently.
“Why, sir,” said Budsby, taking the cork off the phial, “we ourselves have survived years on the road as travelling mummers.”
“All the more reason for me to get my money now,” said Mr Pollock.
“But we are travellers no longer. Here in the glorious city of London, not just a stone’s throw from this commodious and quality fashion emporium run by your good self and kindly brother, we are taking up a generous business offer which requires us to look at our best, and which will ultimately bring rich rewards, allowing us to pay our bills all in good time. Ezra, if I may call you Ezra, can I tempt you with a little whisky ..?”
“Flattery and liquor will get you nowhere, Mr Budsby,” came the reply. “Only cash will improve my demeanour. If you can’t pay, I will have to ask you to take the clothes off, please.”
“But, but …” spluttered Budsby. And for the first time Shakespeare saw his hero and father figure showing symptoms of anxiety.
“Off with the clothes, please.”
“These clothes are important to us,” pleaded Budsby.
“And that is why,” said Shakespeare, suddenly stepping forward, and throwing a small leather bag on the counter, “we are paying with this.”
Budsby recognised the pouch immediately. It was the one thing of value that the muddied and broken William Shakespeare had on him the day the old trouper stumbled across the young runaway beside a cold stream outside Stratford.
“William, no,” pleaded Budsby. “That’s yours. It contains memories as much as money.”
“They are memories I would prefer to erase,” he said.
“But Will …”
“Mr Budsby. I knew the day I walked out of my father’s business that there would come a moment when this would be needed most. And now, this is it. You have been so helpful to me, sir, and now is my chance to repay you.”
The starling needed no further encouragement. He snatched the bag with a bony claw, and in seconds had withdrawn enough to pay the bill. The remaining gold coins - and Budsby noticed there were more than just a few - went back in the bag, and it was returned with a smile. “Gentlemen, it has been a pleasure to do business with you.”
“We thank you, kind sir,” said Budsby, touching the rim of his new Italian-style hat with the silver top of his stick. “Good-day.”
And as they walked out, Budsby whispered, “William Shakespeare, how much did you take from your father’s business that day?”
“I don’t know,” Shakespeare said nudging him. “The bag’s never been fully opened until now. But it looks like I did all right!”
“Will, my friend, nothing can stop us now,” said Budsby.
When they finally burst into the inn, Rufus did a twirl on his dainty feet and said, “What do you think, Percy?”
“She left me, Rufus,” was all Percy could say, staring into the middle distance. “She just up and left me.”
“Er, yes, Percy, I understand.”
Sarah was far more impressed, particularly with Will’s outfit.
“You will be the talk of the town, Mr Shakespeare,” she said, her eyes sparkling.
“Sarah, just call me Will,” said Shakespeare softly, looking directly at her.
The girl blushed, and an experienced campaigner such as Budsby could not help but notice The Moment.
That moment when two people stare into each other’s eyes and realise that while intently traversing the roads, highways and blind alleys on the Map of Life, they have suddenly stumbled across a soul mate destined to make the remainder of the journey an easier, more enjoyable and more loving experience.
“Yes, well,” said Budsby finally, taking Shakespeare quietly by the arm and leading him to the area that had sparked their enthusiasm in the first place - the vacant space near the rear wall of the tavern. “I supposed we had best be getting on with it.”
It turned out that more tables and chairs had been earmarked to go in the space, but had never been delivered when heart-broken Percy fell behind in his payments to the furniture-maker. The entrepreneur in both of them saw it as an ideal area for a stage, and immediately got Mr Mullins, Samuel Davidson and Soho on to the job.
“Can’t you just see it, young Will?” said Budsby as the trio began hammering and sawing away.
“Exactly, sir,” said Shakespeare. “Entertainment in a tavern. We invite the patrons to come in and not only eat and drink, but enjoy a show.”
“What a formula! I’ll wager there is nothing else like it in London.”
“Who will perform?” said Sarah.
“Well, to start with, we’ll use Soho, and Mr Davidson, and Rasa and Emily,” said Shakespeare intently.
“And,” added Budsby enthusiastically, “in the meantime, young Master Shakespeare here will go and scour London for any more acts he can find - no doubt there are a few old mummers and a few young up-and-comers out there looking for work.”
“But how will you pay them?” said Sarah.
“Sarah, once we tell them they will get free food and drink, we’ll be beating them back with a stick.”
“So, what does Uncle Percy get out of this?” asked Sarah as they sat down again at a table.
Budsby was unfazed. “A good question, young Sarah, a good question indeed. I am pleased that you are looking after your uncle’s interests.” He leaned across the table. “This is what we propose,” said the big man earnestly. “Percy provides the locale, the food, and the drink. We will provide the entertainment, the promotion, and, hopefully the crowd.”
“And in return,” added Shakespeare, “we get twenty-five per cent of the take.”
Sarah stared at the table for a little while, and then looked up.
“That sounds fair to me,” she said. “That’s seventy-five per cent for Uncle Percy. Right now, he is getting seventy-five per cent of nothing.” Turning, she said, “What do you think, Uncle Percy?”
“She left me,” said Percy staring into the middle distance. “She just up and left me.”
There was a silence.
“I take that as a yes, Percival, old friend,” said Budsby evenly.
“But what entertainment are you going to put on there?” said Sarah.
This time, Budsby was just a little fazed.
“Another good question, young Sarah,” said Budsby thoughtfully. “An excellent query, indeed. We will have to cobble something together very quickly. Our little show, full of dedicated artisans, went well in the innocent green countryside of Merry England, but lacked a certain spark to appeal to a more cynical metropolitan audience.”
“I see.”
“Look at the response to Viktor, our supreme high-wire walker,” continued Budsby almost in resignation. “The Londoners wanted him to fall! I don’t understand this town any more.”
Suddenly, there was a mighty bang. The three turned around to the new stage under construction. Soho had fallen off the ladder, landing heavily amongst pieces of wood, tools and sawdust. He got up, his ugly little face covered in dust, his new outfit dirty, his eyes rolling as he staggered from side to side, dazed.
Shakespeare and Budsby got up to anxiously help their little gargoyle in his moment of need.
But Sarah - London-born and London-bred - just sat there and laughed.
The two impresarios were shocked to see the otherwise sweet and innocent girl wiping the tears from her eyes, laughing at another’s misfortune.
“I’m sorry,” she said, finally catching her breath, and bursting into hysterics again. “It was just so funny.”
“Well, O mighty entrepreneur,” said Shakespeare, clapping his hand on the shoulder of his mentor. “There’s part of your answer at least …”
Seven days later, Lord Burghley swung in to the top end of the street and began marching down to the tavern door.
“We shall evict potty Percy, and that fat fellow what’s-his-name, and his band of travelling vagabonds from this financial black hole forthwith,” he said to his four dutiful soldiers as they hurried through the mud.
But when he reached the door of Percy Fletcher’s inn, he was surprised to be greeted by a young man, looking very impressive in a new outfit.
“Ah, Mr … er … um …” said Lord Burghley.
“Shakespeare, William Shakespeare,” said the young man, bowing low. “I am Mr Budsby’s assistant.”
“I see you have taken heed of my advice regarding clothes,” said Burghley, examining him from top to toe.
“We have indeed, Lord Burghley. Mr Budsby agrees that to be successful, one must look successful.
“And I trust that somewhere in the pockets of your splendid new outfit is the rent that is owing to the Earl of Oxford.”
“Ah, well, no, my lord.”
“No!”
“I have no rent to give you, Lord Burghley. Perhaps if we were to step inside and discuss the matter further?”
“We certainly will step inside this tomb. But there will be no discussion. We will proceed to throw you, and Percy, and Budsby, and everybody, out into the street.”
Followed by his guards, Burghley pushed past Shakespeare, grabbed the handle of the door, swung it open, and stepped in. Shakespeare fell in behind, with just a hint of a smile.
Two steps inside, and a look of amazement spread across Burghley’s face.
Where seven days ago there were empty chairs and tables, there were now people - dozens of them, seated, standing, jamming the room. Where there was once silence, there was noise. A buzz of excitement and hearty conversation rippled through the air. Where there was once nothing happening, the young niece of Percy’s was just one of several pretty wenches working hard to dish out food and drink.
“Gee, my lordship,” said the senior guard at Burghley’s shoulder, “we’ll have a bit of a job throwing this lot out!”
“A brilliant observation,” snapped Burghley. “What is going on here?”
“Ah-ha!” came a booming voice from the middle of the excited room.
Burghley looked across to see Budsby, also in a new outfit.
“Lord Burghley,” crooned Budsby, “welcome to our little house.”
“Do you want me to start by throwing the big fellow out first?” interjected the guard, nodding at Budsby.
“Be quiet, you idiot!” Burghley growled.
“Once we’ve got him out of the way,” continued the guard, “then we’ll start on this table over here.”
“Shut up you fool,” Burghley snapped. And turning to Budsby he said, “Mr Budsby, I’ve come only to get the Earl of Oxford’s rent. Or failing that, to throw you out.”
“I see,” said Budsby, “but perhaps, before we start any discussions about money, you might like to look at this.”
And turning, he pointed to the rear of the room, where Burghley noticed some sort of stage had been built in what had once been a vacant space.
“What the hell ..?” But before Burghley he could say any more, the red curtains drew back to reveal a strange-looking scenario.
On the extreme right of the stage, stood the lovely, delicate Emily, the smaller of the former twins. Rasa, the elegant Nubian, stood on the left of stage.
At their mere appearance in their brand new outfits, the mainly male clientele began stamping and whistling in glee.
In the middle of the stage was Samuel Davidson carrying a huge wooden mallet. Next to him was a thick plank resting on a wooden barrel, just like a seesaw, with the up end closest to him. On the opposite side of the barrel, standing on the down end of the see-saw, stood Soho in his blue and orange striped uniform, wearing what was obviously a fake red beard.
Rasa began walking across the stage in a most flirtatious manner. As she strolled near Soho, wiggling her hips, the gargoyle began indicating an intense physical interest in her. He clutched at his heart, he hit himself on the side of the head, he pursed his lips as if to kiss her.
Davidson stood silent, staring straight at the audience.
As the flirt scene developed - Rasa wiggling her hips and shaking her bosom, and Soho beating his chest like Neanderthal man - the crowd buzzed with anticipation.
Then Emily began to recite:
“There was a tiny young lad with a beard,
“Whose obsession with a girl was quite weird
“But along came her friend
“Who said ‘That’s the end.’
“And the little bloke, he disappeared …”
With that, Samuel Davidson turned, raised his mallet high, brought it down with a mighty swing, and struck the up end of the seesaw with a crashing blow.
The up end went down, the down end went up. Soho rocketed straight up, out of sight.
Not even those closest to the stage could see the little fellow after he had disappeared rapidly into the heavens, seemingly never to return.
A mighty guffaw of laughter ripped across the tavern, and the crowd jumped to their feet, stamping and whistling.
Their roars grew even louder, when, a few seconds later Soho - as if by magic -suddenly re-appeared behind them, standing on top of the bar!
His hair was frizzed, his face smudged, his clothes half off. He staggered around the bar for a few seconds, then hopped off, weaving his way back to the stage through the tables. His beard was askew, revealing vestiges of what appeared to be a pink handkerchief around his neck.
On spotting this, Burghley grew redder in the face.
The crowd roared as Soho clambered up onto the stage and collapsed at the feet of Rasa.
Rasa stooped down, her low-cut dress revealing her large dark breasts, driving the crowd even wilder. She picked Soho up, and as she cuddled him, Emily recited:
“But then the tiny young lad with a beard,
“Whose obsession with a girl was quite weird
“He got back on the track
“He made a comeback
“And into her bosom, he disappeared …”
The noise was deafening as the performers bowed and the curtain came down
“There you go, sir,” said Budsby to Lord Burghley as the applause gave way to orders for more beer and wine. “Not only did I follow your advice on my apparel …”
“So I see,” said Burghley cautiously.
“ … but we have re-invented ourselves in seven short days, from innocent travelling mummers adored in the countryside to hard-edged performers loved in London.”
“Now can I throw him out, boss?” interjected the guard over Burghley’s shoulder.
But before he could answer, Budsby tossed over a small leather bag of coins, saying solemnly, “And as a result of our efforts, Lord Burghley, there is the rent Percy owes you up until today.”
Then he threw a second bag declaring, “And that is a month’s rent in advance.”
“Yair, well,” said the guard, shrugging his shoulder, “maybe we should come back another time…”
“That’s the smartest thing you have said all night,” Burghley growled. He looked at the two bags and then handed them to the guard. Turning to Budsby, he glared. “Very diligent, Mr Budsby, very diligent. I shall apprise the Earl of the sudden turnaround in the fortunes of his once doubtful property. Good-day to you, sir.”
“No, no, no,” said Budsby. “Don’t leave yet. There’s plenty more to come. Wait until you see Percy perform.”
“Percy?” said Burghley. “Percy Fletcher? On stage!”
“Yes. He comes out in his underwear and sings a song called ‘She Left Me.’ It’s enough to make a statue laugh!”
Burghley could take no more. Shaking his head, he turned and marched out the door, followed by his soldiers.
A few seconds later, Budsby turned to see Burghley rushing back in again, unattended. “And tell that horrible little half-human of yours, I want my pink handkerchief back!”
“All in good time, your lordship,” said Budsby, as Burghley turned on his heel and stormed out. “All in good time …”

CHAPTER EIGHT

For years after they first met, William Shakespeare and Christopher Marlowe found they agreed on most things.
They agreed: they shared the same vision to entertain people; they were prepared to work hard to make that vision come true; and they had become good friends.
But there was one thing they always disagreed on - exactly on which day it was that they had, in fact, first met.
That it happened one night in Percy Fletcher’s tavern was not in dispute.
The circumstances were undeniably that Shakespeare’s attention had been attracted from the busy scene around him by a sudden crashing noise from a table in the far right-hand corner.
Shakespeare had turned his head to see a young, well-dressed fellow - Marlowe as it turned out - fuelled up by the tavern’s finest ale and excited by what he had just witnessed, fall out of his chair.
But just exactly which day this happened - whether it was February 18, 1587, as Shakespeare would forever insist, or February 25, which Marlowe would always nominate - was hard to determine.
Because, by that time, Percy Fletcher’s tavern was the excitement hub of London. And so exhilarating and exciting was the scene, so hectic and heady was the atmosphere, that one day simply merged into the next.
Certainly, no one questioned how this situation had come about.
It was the result of the inspirational leadership of the wily old mummer Budsby, the savvy hard work of his protégé Shakespeare, and their combined ability to learn from experience, read the signs, and give the audience what they wanted. Principally, performances bordering on the bizarre.
“Where do you get them?” said an astonished Sarah one day, as yet another squad of the exotic, the quixotic and sometimes the erotic would-be headliners straggled in to audition before the watchful eye of the city’s rising enterprising duo.
“A search through the side-alleys of London is a revealing experience,” said Shakespeare quietly. “If Elizabeth wants to see the soul of her nation, she need look no further.”
Inspired by what they had heard on the grapevine about the feats of Soho and the remaining Budsby mummers, the hopefuls sang, danced, joked, tumbled, rolled and juggled with breathtaking ferocity. They set up pratfalls, they barked gags, they acted out comic sequences. They pierced skin. They set fire to objects, some of them attached to their person. They dangled from great heights. They pressured their bodies into all shapes and sizes. They introduced objects into one orifice and expelled them from another. They recreated the latest popular ditty, note-perfect, by farting.
Old mummers on their last legs, new talent burning with zeal, world-weary veterans of the royal court circuit, Shakespeare unearthed them all in his daily expeditions through the grubby low-life area of south and east London.
And he encouraged them to make the pilgrimage to Percy Fletcher’s tavern to display their talent, hopefully snare a booking, and thus score a feed and a drink.
When the wheat was sorted out from the chaff, the survivors of the searching auditions united with the Busby originals to form an entertainment that was so audacious, so beguiling, so fast-paced, and at times so frightening, Londoners couldn’t get enough of it.
“Look at them, young Will,” said Budsby one night, surveying the jam-packed, noisy crowd of eager faces staring at the stage in anticipation. “They turned our horses into meat pies, vandalised our wagons, sneered at our endeavours. They did everything to break our hearts and spirits. But now they love us.”
It was at that point that Shakespeare’s attention had been attracted from the busy scene around him by the sudden crashing noise from a table of three in the far right-hand corner.
He looked across to see that a well-dressed young man had fallen out of his chair, and that strongman Samuel Davidson had quickly moved to the spot. This was Samuel’s customary technique in a tavern that was flourishing because, as well as showcasing the best talent, its handling of customer relations was unparalleled in London. But just as Davidson was about to apply his regular mix of diplomacy and muscle to evict the young man, Shakespeare suddenly grabbed Budsby by the arm and quickly steered him toward the scene.
“Stick with me,” Shakespeare whispered to Budsby as they approached the remaining two figures sitting upright at the table. “Bow and scrape when I tell you, and don’t do anything stupid.”
Budsby was taken aback by such direct orders from his apprentice - they worked well together but it was usually he, as senior partner, who issued the instructions - and he hesitated for a second, then nodded obediently and moved on.
As they drew closer, Budsby noted that the senior of the two men had an air of familiarity about him. The man, probably in his mid thirties, was meticulously dressed in a doublet and matching cape of blue with gold trimmings, and a hat tilted at a dashing angle. An immaculately trimmed goatee and multi-layered ruff could not hide the fact that the handsome leathery face had obviously been exposed for a considerable length of time to the elements. He had a large, aquiline nose, and the roving brown eyes were of a man very comfortable with himself and his achievements.
As they reached the table, Shakespeare took the lead, raised his voice, extended his hand and said, “Sir Walter! Can we be of assistance?”
The man stood up, and Budsby was astounded to see that the stranger was taller than him - an impressive six foot or thereabouts.
“Thank you, young man,” said the tall man kindly. “My young friend here appears to have become a little carried away with the impact of the entertainment.”
“I guess we can mark that down as a success to us,” said Shakespeare, bowing. And turning to Davidson, he said, “Samuel, help Sir Walter’s guest back into his seat.”
There was a shuffling and scrambling of feet and chairs as Davidson assisted the young man, while Shakespeare, much to the puzzlement of Budsby, continued, “Would I be right, sir, in suggesting that there is nothing such as you have seen tonight available in the rest of London, much less Virginia?”
The tall man laughed gently.
“The New World is just that,” he said. “Still very New. There’s little time for entertainment in a fledgling colony after you spend the day eking out an existence with a handful of tools and a sack full of grain.”
“Maybe there is an opportunity for us to, shall we say, export our talents to such places, and enrich the lives of the brave colonists?” said Shakespeare.
“Now, here is an ideas man standing before me,” said the tall man enthusiastically to his partners. “Despite the battle to survive out there, I’m sure there would be an enormous market. What is your name, young man?”
“I am Shakespeare, William Shakespeare. I helped recruit the talent you see tonight.”
“Very impressive, Mr Shakespeare, very impressive.”
“And this is my senior partner, the man behind it all, Mr Budsby. Mr Budsby, I would like you to meet Sir Walter.”
“Sir Walter?” said Budsby, looking puzzled as he extended his hand.
“Raleigh,” said the tall man.
And remembering his instructions from Shakespeare, Budsby suddenly bowed. And scraped - whatever that was. He had never been told to scrape before but he did what he hoped was a passing imitation of a good scrape. And he bowed again.
“Sir Walter Raleigh,” he gushed, grabbing the tall man’s hand and pumping it furiously. “It is indeed a pleasure to meet such an illustrious Son of England. The daring voyager. The brave colonist. The redoubtable ship’s captain.”
“And also,” said Raleigh with a twinkle in his eye, “associate of the brave English explorer who fathered your famous Siamese twins, yes Mr Budsby?”
“Errr,” said Budsby, flustered, “I am afraid you have the better of me.”
“Ah, Mr Budsby, I may be a man of the world. I may be trying to establish colonies in America. I may be, much to the chagrin of my opponents, a favourite of the Queen. But I am still a Devonshire lad.”
“Devon, of course, Sir Walter!” said Budsby. “We toured through there many a season.”
“And on the few times I have been back there of late, there has been no greater thrill than the Rufus J. Budsby group of Mummers coming to my little hometown village of Budleigh Salterton, complete with Hercules the strong man, Victor the Supreme tight-rope walker, and the engaging Siamese Twins, sired, and correct me if I am wrong,” – and here he adopted Budsby’s booming voice – “sired by a valiant English expeditioner, carrying the flag of our mighty nation and the goodwill of our gracious Queen Elizabeth, and said to have sailed with Raleigh himself. Have I got it right, Mr Budsby?”
For the first time since they had met on that day beside the icy spring outside Stratford, Shakespeare saw his boss, friend, mentor and guiding hand not just flustered, but absolutely flush with embarrassment.
“Well, Sir Walter … I … ah … yes,” said Budsby, jumping from one dainty foot to another, “I may have occasionally made reference to your good self when introducing the twins, in a positive manner of course!”
“No need for embarrassment, Mr Budsby. No need at all. It made me feel proud, standing at the back of the crowd, to hear my name used in such profound terms, and with such conviction! You had me believing they were twins, too.”
“Oh, but they are! Sir Walter, they are!” said Budsby, beginning to regain his composure. “At least, they were, until we got booed off the stage in Romford. Nevertheless, it is my job to make people believe in what they see.”
“And you have shown with your acts here tonight there is no more convincing man in all of England. You said a moment ago that it was an honour to meet me. Let me say it is an even greater honour for me to meet you, Rufus J. Budsby, the Master of Illusion, the King of Entertainment.” With that, Raleigh bowed.
The cheeks of Rufus J. Budsby glowed again, but this time from sheer pride and embarrassment, while Shakespeare looked on fondly.
Before Budsby or Shakespeare could say anything else, Raleigh continued, “In that context, gentlemen, you might be interested to meet my two companions with me tonight.”
He pointed to the young man who had remained quietly seated throughout the entire scenario.
He was barely in his twenties, clean-shaven, with pale skin and sandy hair.
Both Shakespeare and Budsby said later how they noticed that the young man's hazel eyes looked wary. They had an edge about them, indicating that the owner was not yet comfortable with his role in life.
“Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare,” continued Raleigh, “may I introduce a new light in the rapidly-expanding world of theatre, the up and coming playwright, Mr Thomas Kyd.”
The young man stood up and shook hands, and mumbled, “Greetings, gentlemen.”
“A playwright!” said Budsby with enthusiasm. “How fascinating, Mr Kyd. As you can see, our use of words on stage is of a more rudimentary basis.”
“But none the less successful, Mr Budsby,” said the sandy-haired young man.
“And what are you working on at the moment?” said Shakespeare.
“Mr Kyd is … ,” interjected Raleigh. “… excuse me, Thomas, for being so forward,” he added, nodding to the young man. “Mr Kyd is fascinated by the uneasy relationship between us and the Spanish, a subject that interests me, too.”
“I am intrigued about the country and its people, the influence and impact Catholicism has on it, and its involvement with England,” said Kyd, as if he had been asked this question many times before and was tired of answering it, perhaps even defending it.
“Heady stuff, Mr Kyd, heady stuff,” boomed Budsby. “We stay away from such potent issues, and are more concerned about our little friend Soho’s running battle with the spiders in the roof!”
Shakespeare was pleased to see that the big fellow laughed his signature laugh, showing that he was regaining his confidence. “But,” Budsby continued, “I recognise that these broader issues must be examined.”
“Mr Kyd and I are of that ilk,” added Raleigh. “Thinkers of ideas, challengers to the status quo. And this young man over here …” and he pointed to the original source of interest, finally back in his seat and dusted down with the help of Mr Davidson, “is one of our kind, too.”
Budsby and Shakespeare turned to see the smiling face of a young man obviously in love with life. The symmetrical curve of his almost perfectly oval face was complemented by two almond-shaped brown eyes. Sharp eyes. Quick eyes. Sparkling eyes. The eyes of an observer. His youth was underlined by the wispy fuzz purporting to be a beard, which clung tenuously to the outer edges of the sallow face. A similarly reedy moustache battled for credence against the authority of two handsome eyebrows and a wonderful shock of brown hair drawn back from the expansive, intellectual forehead. His clothes were similar to Kyd’s in style - latest fashionable doublet and cape - but of considerably better quality.
“Gentlemen,” said Raleigh with a flourish, “if Thomas is an up-and-coming playwright - and you don’t mind me putting it that way, do you Thomas? - then here is the man with the world at his feet, the writer with the golden quill. Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare, I give you Christopher Marlowe.”
The young man with the wispy beard rose good-naturedly, embarrassed by the introduction, and obviously not quite sure what to do or say next. As he went to extend his hand, Shakespeare could not help but see the fierce glare Kyd shot Raleigh at his introductions.
Grabbing Marlowe’s hand, Shakespeare said, “Mr Marlowe, I am thrilled to meet you. It’s five years since your triumph ‘The True History of George Scanderbeg’. And your most recent works have been based on Ovid and Virgil; what now is in the way?”
It was a scintillating question, not only bridging the awkward gap, but also summarising Marlowe’s brief but spectacular career in just a handful of words.
The whole group was impressed, even the sullen Kyd, but especially Budsby who was astonished that his young Stratford protégé had somehow, quietly, and at a distance, been developing a passionate interest in the London theatre scene while they were roaming the rural backblocks of England.
It was only years later that Shakespeare confided in his mentor that on that pivotal night he did not have a clue about theatre, had never seen a play, and only knew of this chap called Marlowe through coming across faded hand-bills and posters as he wandered through the streets, halls, taverns and theatres of London searching for talent.
But Marlowe was never to know that, and he flushed with embarrassment. “Mr Shakespeare, I am impressed with your profound knowledge of my works,” he said, smiling. “And yes, it has been some time since my words were pronounced with authority from the stage, I have been busy in other matters.”
“Other matters?” said Shakespeare. But Raleigh suddenly moved forward an inch or two and discreetly raised a cautioning hand in the general direction of Marlowe.
“Nothing important,” said Marlowe, taking heed of Raleigh’s signal, “this and that. But I am clear of all pressing engagements now, and have just completed a play.”
“A play?” interjected Budsby. “Does it have a name?”
“It is called Tamburlaine The Great, which I believe should go well.”
“What do you mean should go well?” said Shakespeare.
“Mr Shakespeare,” said Marlowe, “you and Mr Budsby, more than anybody else, should know that it is not only the writing and acting of the play that is important, but that the promotion of it is similarly paramount.”
“Exactly, Mr Marlowe, ” said Budsby, full of confidence now that the conversation had moved into familiar territory. “Your success is dependent entirely on letting people know that the show is on.”
“Correct. And in the past, my work has suffered somewhat from poor promotion. A few handbills here, the odd poster there.”
“I see, I see,” said Shakespeare gravely, thinking to himself how lucky he had been to come across the remaining vestiges of such an obviously disappointing campaign.
“Can I say,” Budsby went on, waving his arm across the crowded room, “when it comes to putting on shows and rounding up customers, there is no better combination than Budsby and Shakespeare.”
“I can acknowledge that, Mr Budsby. Why I was so excited by what I saw tonight, I fell off the chair in the midst of enthralled applause.”
“The ale might have played some role, too …” chipped in Kyd sardonically.
“Thomas, please,” said Raleigh. “All of us have had much the same to drink.”
“Ah, there is nothing like the flush of youthful enthusiasm,” said Budsby cheerily. “Pray tell me, Mr Marlowe, how old are you?”
“I turned 23 this year.”
“What a coincidence,” said Budsby enthusiastically. “Born in 1564, the same year as young Will. And what is your background?”
“I grew up in Canterbury.”
“Another coincidence,” roared Budsby. “Young William’s an out of towner, too.”
“And my father was a shoemaker.”
“Well, by Jove, that’s amazing. Will’s father works with leather, too. Providence has brought us all here tonight.”
“Yes?”
“You are kindred spirits, Christopher and William.”
“It certainly seems that way,” added Raleigh.
“Mr Marlowe,” continued Budsby jovially, “I believe that the combined resources of Budsby and Shakespeare could be of some benefit to the well-being of your Mr Tamburlaine the Great.”
“You mean, you will help me, gentlemen?” said Marlowe, brightening up.
“Help you? Of course we will. We will make sure everyone in London knows about it,” said Shakespeare.
“For a suitable portion of the turnover to assuage some necessary expenses, of course …” added Budsby quickly.
Marlowe looked taken aback, but brightened up when Raleigh nodded approvingly.
“Then it is done, Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare,” said the young playwright, extending a hand.
“Done, and done,” said Budsby with a smile.
“And, ah, even at this early stage, do you have an idea how to promote it?” said Marlowe.
“What is the theme of the play?” said Shakespeare.
“It is set in Turkey,” said Marlowe.
“Hmm, something Turkish,” replied Budsby, slowly rubbing the silver top of his stick.
And at that point the curtain pulled back to reveal Rasa and Emily on stage.
“Ah! My twins!” said Raleigh, joyous at seeing the girls again.
“Look at that!” said Marlowe, ogling Rasa’s curvaceous figure.
Even Kyd was moved to comment. “What a beautiful sight,” he said, his eyes lighting up as the pretty waif-like Emily walked to the front of the stage.
“You ask do I have an idea?” said Budsby watching their reactions. “I think I might have something up my sleeve …”

CHAPTER NINE

Ralph Luckston had lived and worked in London most of his life, and had observed just about anything and everything pass by on the muddy road in front of his Whitechapel tinsmith works. Filthy beggars with the most appalling physical deformities pleading for a copper. Blowsy women willing to offer a moment of pleasure for a few pence. Young lads, barely out of their mother’s arms, proudly marching off to fight for a cause trumped up by some Duke or other so he could reap more Court patronage by flexing his muscles against an opponent who had the temerity to think along different lines.
But the wiry little tinsmith had never seen anything like this before in his life.
It had started out with a drum beat in the distance.
A slow, steady, drum beat.
A beat that even when it was half a mile away and muffled, had an insistence about it that simply demanded attention.
A beat that, as it got closer and closer, and louder and louder, burrowed inside Ralph Luckston’s brain like an insistent weevil into a piece of hardened ship’s cheese.
And, on one of the rare moments in his career as an established and respected tinsmith, Ralph Luckston lost concentration. As the infuriating boom-boom-boom approached, he fumbled the precious moment when he was to fix the handle to the small soup pot he was making, threw the lot on the ground, and shouted, “Shit, what is going on out there?”
His demeanour was not helped by the sudden arrival of his wife, Rebecca, from the back of the works, snapping “Ralph, that language! I’ve told you before.” And she had, too, many times. But that was the beauty of their partnership. He, the diminutive, craggy, and occasionally tetchy craftsman with the usually safe hands who turned out the works of quality. She, the clever, well-rounded, smooth-skinned matriarch who kept the business and the family moving forward with wise decisions and the ability to rein things in when they were getting out of hand. Including Ralph’s language.
“It’s that bloody …” said Ralph, pointing a blackened finger toward the road outside.
“Ralph!”
“It’s that … noise, Rebecca. Hear it! That beating noise. It’s getting to me.”
Rebecca Luckston cocked one ear. A look of puzzlement came across her broad, open face, as she picked up on the incessant, perfect rhythm beat. She narrowed her dark brown eyes. “What on earth is it?” she said.
Ralph shrugged his scrawny shoulders. “Don’t know.” He surveyed his ruined creation. “But it’s put me off.”
A buzzing, chattering noise coming from outside, indicated that whatever it was, it was rapidly drawing a huge crowd.
The tinsmith and his wife could wait no longer. They stepped out into the street, and gasped.
Ralph was to tell his friends later that evening in the inn - one of the joys of his and Rebecca’s partnership being she agreed a couple of drinks each night after work was good for him - that when they saw the size of the crowd and the source of the noise, he could only exclaim “Jesus, Mary, Mother of Gladys.”
“Which only got her madder, and she gave me a punch on the arm!” added Ralph, to the roars of mirth from his three friends sitting around the tavern table.
“Well, well, it must have been some sight,” said one of his drinking partners, a tall, lean man named Wilson, who ran a granary store on the other side of the river. “Go, on, then, what did you see?”
“Well,” continued Ralph Luckston, “it was some sort of procession. It’ll probably come over your way too, soon. But you had better be careful - it got me into trouble.”
“A procession?” said Wilson. “What sort of procession would get you into trouble?”
“Leading the way was this, sort of, I don’t know, midget.”
“A midget!”
“Yes, this horrible little fellow with a squashed-up face, half-lidded eyes, and tiny stubby hands, dressed in purple and orange, with bells on his hat.”
“Certainly different,” said a second man, a short whiskery chap named Philip Bartles, a business partner of Wilson.
“Yes, but he was very good at his job.”
“How’s that?” interjected Wilson.
“He jumped and bounced and did the most extraordinary acrobatics,” enthused Ralph. “And ever now and then he would rush to the side of the street, leap at the crowd, and draw enormous laughs and squeals. He was frightening, but knew how far to push things.”
“And what came after him in this procession?” said Wilson.
“Then came the source of my annoyance.”
“Ah,” said Bartles, the second man “The banging noise!”
“Precisely! A young boy - he must have been barely fifteen at most, like some of those poor lads who get sent off to battle. He was beating a huge drum. It was a big barrel of a thing, with a thick hide and lots of trimmings, and made an enormous pounding noise. You could hear it half way up the Thames Valley. No wonder I dropped my tin pot!”
They group laughed, and Wilson stood and ordered more drinks.
“And then what?” urged the third of Ralph’s companions, a rough-and-ready part-time labourer named Higgins with scrawny whiskers and a large belly, who occasionally helped both Wilson and Ralph with deliveries.
“Then,” said Ralph, “came this giant of a man.”
“Giant?”
“Well, he wasn’t that tall, but he was broad and powerfully built. It was not the prettiest of faces, but I don’t think you would want to mention that to him!”
“No?”
“He looked strong as an ox, bare-chested with huge muscles covered in a thin layer of fat or oil or something to make them glisten.”
“Ooo-err,” said the listeners collectively.
Ralph continued with the description of the strong man. “He was wearing baggy red pantaloons, tucked into his boots, and had a big leather belt. And from the belt there hung a huge sword, you know, one of those curved Arabic swords …”
“Ah, with the big broad blade. A scimitar?” said Wilson.
“Yes, that’s it,” said Ralph. “Scimitar. And on his head was a turban, with a jewel at the front.”
“Ahh,” said the second man, “ a bodyguard, for a potentate, perhaps.”
“Exactly!” said Ralph. “Because behind him, there came a diminutive little girl - my god she was pretty, a tiny little blue-eyed, pale-skinned thing, from the northern borders, I would suggest - dressed in pantaloons and shirt with a light veil draped over her head.”
“And what was she doing, this pretty little thing from the north?” said Wilson.
“She had a big basket of rose petals and was gaily throwing them on the road.”
“Ah-ha, as a lead in to what?” queried Bartles.
“A magnificent sedan-chair, borne aloft,” intoned Ralph.
“What do they call it? A litter?” said Wilson.
“That’s right!” said Ralph. “A litter. It was made of superb mahogany, and trimmed in copper at all the joins, with red velvet lining and cushions. Gold tassels hung everywhere. It was a beautiful piece of work, carried by eight men.”
“Eight men?” said Wilson incredulously, wiping the foam from his mouth.
“It needed them. Because sitting on the big throne, in luxurious splendour, was the fattest man I have ever seen.”
“What?” said Higgins, patting his belly. “Bigger than me?”
“Much larger than you,” said Ralph. “Huge! Stomach the size of an elephant’s, large bright red face, big whiskers, a magnificent presence. But surprisingly little feet.”
“So, what was he dressed like?” said Wilson.
“Like a Sultan. He had a sort of waistcoat made of maroon velvet. Where they got so much material from, I will never know. It was trimmed with gold. He had cream pantaloons also trimmed in gold and little moccasins on his feet.
“A turban, too?” said Wilson.
“A big one!’ said Ralph. “Gold with a giant red ruby in the middle.”
“And what did he do?”
“He just sat there, smiled benevolently, said, ‘Nice to see you all’ in this huge booming voice, and relaxed while the fan was raised and lowered above him.”
“A fan?” said Higgins. “Cor, this bloke had everything!”
“Yes. A fan,” said Ralph. “And that is the reason I got into trouble.”
“You got into trouble because of a fan?” said Bartles.
“Well not so much the fan, rather the person carrying it.”
“What about him, this fellow carrying the fan?” inquired Wilson.
“Well, it was not a ‘him’ carrying it, but a ‘her’, you see,” said Ralph, starting to blush.
“Ahhh, a woman,” said Higgins, leaning forward.
“Tell us more, Ralph,” added Wilson conspiratorially.
“She was standing behind him on the litter - how those eight men carried it all through Cheapside I will never know - waving a huge fan over the sultan’s head.”
“What was she like?” said Wilson.
“She was beautiful. Tall, statuesque, noble, with a superb figure, high cheek-bones, and deep brown eyes.”
“Was she from up near the border, too?” said Bartles.
“No, no. She was dark, you see.”
“Dark?” said Wilson.
“Yes. Probably from Arabia. Maybe Africa. And she was wearing the most beguiling smile.”
“So why should this get you into trouble?” said Wilson, taking a quaff from his drink.
“Because,” said Ralph, leaning forward. “That was all she was wearing - just the beguiling smile …”
The beer spluttered from Wilson’s mouth.
Bartles shouted “Naked? In the streets of London? Ralph, you’re joking!”
Higgins the itinerant labourer intoned despondently, “Bloody hell, and to think I spent all day over at Watford shifting sacks of beans!”
“I took one look,” said Ralph, “and couldn’t help it. I said, ‘Praise the Lord, now I’ve seen it all,’ and the next thing Rebecca had grabbed me by the left ear and dragged me back in the shop.”
The three men laughed uproariously.
“I tell you, I’m lucky to be here, tonight,” added Ralph. “Did I fix that broken pot quickly to get back in the good books!”
Later, witnesses with a clearer view of proceedings were to state that the beautiful fan-wielding slave, had, in fact, been wearing an outfit, albeit brief.
But Ralph Luckston was not alone in thinking he saw a naked woman.
“I make them see what they want to see, and believe what they want to believe,” said Rufus J. Budsby when his loyal band of mummers got together at the end of the day to assess how their first day of promotion had worked out. “And that is what the name of the game is all about!” He laughed the booming laugh, which reverberated through Percy Fletcher’s tavern, while Sarah brought them all a tray of drinks to unwind.
In fact, Rasa had worn a pair of thin sandals with leather straps that criss-crossed their way up to mid-calf; a Shakespeare-tailored, close-fitting leather thong that supported a diminutive gold-fringe skirt; and a gold medallion on a chain around her neck.
But that was all.
And throughout the procession’s long journey through the south of London, observers could not help be taken by the scantily clad, statuesque figure.
It was all they could do to tear their eyes away from her breasts, bouncing with the rock and roll of the shouldered litter, and take a pamphlet handed to them by Shakespeare bringing up the rear.
When they finally put their eyes down, they were greeted with the heading: “Now that we have secured your attention …”
The pamphlet went on to say that the young eminent playwright Christopher Marlowe had written a new work, and it was about to be presented by the leading repertory group, the Admiral’s Men.
Readers of the pamphlet were urged to come to Blackfriars Theatre and “observe for your pleasure and edification, an immensely powerful play entitled Tamburlaine The Great, a magnificent work set in the exotic land of Turkey, home of emirs, bodyguards, and dusky slaves …”
By the next morning, advance bookings had started to roll in.
And in his tinsmith works, Ralph Luckston listened out vainly every day for the incessant beat of the drum …

CHAPTER TEN

The spectacular Turkish procession never actually passed Ralph Luckston’s shop again.
Much to his chagrin.
Each day, Budsby and Shakespeare mapped out a new route through the streets of London to spread the message about Christopher Marlowe’s play Tamburlaine. They then set out with Soho gyrating, the drum beating, and bare-breasted Rasa waving the fan over the head of the mighty potentate. They even boldly marched beyond the rough and tumble of the south, heading into the toffier north and west where the real money lay.
Up there, the occasional nose was sniffed, the odd hanky was fluttered, even the word unbelievable was once or twice heard to be muttered in well-educated tones. But, just as in the south where the response was more unabashed, earthy and robust, the final result was still the same - pandemonium and fascination, which was then translated into high returns at the box office.
“Mr Budsby, I cannot believe you are getting away with this,” Mr Mullins said one morning as he diligently checked the fastenings on the sedan chairs before they set off.
“Get away? With what?” said Budsby.
“Mr Budsby, she’s nearly blimmin’ naked. You’re lucky you haven’t been locked up or had the priests tie you to the stake.”
“Ah, Mr Mullins, we are simply taking advantage of the strange attitudes that pervade the corridors of moral power.”
“How’s that, Mr Budsby?”
“Mr Mullins, to you and me, Rasa is a beautiful human being, a woman of unabashed loveliness.”
“Yes.”
“And in our little troupe she is an equal among all equals.”
“I know, Mr Budsby.”
“And to most outsiders, a mere sighting of her is enough to make a man’s heart miss a beat and his blood boil.”
“I won’t disagree with that, Mr Budsby.”
“Especially if she is wearing something, how shall I put this, on the diminutive side …”
“Absolutely, Mr Budsby, absolutely, ” said Mr Mullins enthusiastically.
“But, ironically, those who police such matters and who would normally shut us down in the name of moral propriety, see no reason to.”
“No?”
“Because they don’t see her.”
“Don’t see her? How could they not see her?”
“The don’t see her … as a real person, Mr Mullins. They see her only as a person with dark skin.”
There was silence as Mr Mullins pondered this assessment. Finally he sputtered, “You mean ..?”
“I mean Mr Mullins, that these puritans, these zealots that are convinced their message is the only message, and are never backward in driving it down people’s throats, consider our beautiful Rasa a second-class citizen. A savage. A pagan.”
“Ah, I see. A native, whose normal state is one of undress?”
“Exactly, Mr Mullins. Despite the fact that, among other things, she speaks the Queen’s English probably better than half the population.”
“So, they haven’t come near you?”
“Precisely. Not a word. Amid the ooohs and aaahs, and the occasional husband being pulled out of the crowd by a concerned wife, by and large, the spreaders of the given word have left us alone.”
“Amazing.”
“Yes, but it is interesting to ponder what their reaction might have been if our little Emily, she of the white skin and of the northern borders, had played the role instead …”
And so saying, the big man signalled the drummer. At the first beat, Rasa slipped out of the door of the tavern, lithely climbed aboard and demurely took up her position. The hired hands bent their backs, lifted the mighty weight, and the crowd-pulling entourage set off again.
Inspired by what they had seen trouping through London day after day, the crowds flocked to the Theatre, turning Tamburlaine into a triumph for the young Cambridge graduate. With its powerful language, exotic Turkish setting, and potent story line, Tamburlaine quickly and easily lived up to the expectations dangled so enticingly by the entrepreneurs.
“Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare,” said Marlowe as the trio stood at the back of the old wooden theatre and took in the enthusiastic applause at the end of yet another triumphant performance. “Your efforts leave me breathless. No one has experienced the interest and size of crowds that you have conjured.”
“It is our pleasure, young Master Marlowe,” said Budsby, rubbing the silver cap on his stick. “But the important thing is, you have delivered the goods.”
“Yes, Chris. Look at them,” added Shakespeare, waving his hand across the crowd, “they are standing and clapping because of what they have witnessed on stage. Rasa may well be in the back of their minds …”
“And, so too,” added Budsby, doing a little hop on his dainty feet, “may my brilliant impersonation of a potentate!”
“But at the end of the day,” continued Shakespeare, smiling, “that only serves the purpose of getting them in here. Then it’s up to you, to fulfil the promise, and give them something to applaud.”
“And,” added Budsby, “you have done it, young man, through your genius! My God, I wish I could write like that.”
“It is brilliant, Christopher,” added Shakespeare. “And, I have to ask you. Where does it all come from? The ideas, the story, the words?”
At first Marlowe was lost for something to say. “Er, well,” he said slowly and seriously, “it’s hard to say. I guess it all started at Cambridge, when I was studying for my Arts degree there.”
“Aha, a Cambridge man! A man of my own heart,” said Budsby enthusiastically.
“You studied there, too?” said Marlowe, brightening.
“Of course. Is there any other place for study?” added Budsby.
Shakespeare was taken aback. “Mr Budsby?” he said, frowning at this startling revelation from his mentor. “You studied? At Cambridge?”
“Naturally, my boy.”
“And what did you study, Mr Budsby?” added Marlowe, warming to the topic.
“I studied the faces of the students as they watched Viktor the Supreme defy gravity,” Budsby replied. “I studied the faces of the tutors as they watched our late lamented Hercules display what is achievable by mixing brawn and brains.
“ And,” he added, lowering his voice into a conspiratorial tone, “I studied the faces of the professors when our delicious Siamese twins burst onto stage in their flimsy outfit so provocatively designed by my inordinately skilled friend Mr Shakespeare here. That is what I studied.”
Shakespeare began to laugh, and Marlowe dropped his earnest academic look and burst into a huge smile.
“My campus is the University of People, Mr Marlowe,” continued Budsby with an air of conviction. “My course is The Human Condition. And I am seeking to graduate in the Study of the Crowd.”
“And what were your findings?” said Marlowe enthusiastically.
“The look of awe,” said Budsby. “I found the look of awe on every face in the crowd, showing that even a university city of well-read, high-brow academics can be captivated by the performance of a band of simple, travelling mummers. And you know what my conclusion is? That in life, entertainment is the one true leveller. That when we are sitting in the darkened seats of a theatre, or a hall, or a tavern, we are all the same, no matter what clothes we are wearing, or how much money is in our pockets, or what school we went to.
“When the lights are lowered and the show goes on, and our faces are turned to the stage, we are all one.”
“Mr Budsby,” said Marlowe appreciatively. “What an absolutely splendid analogy of life!”
“Well, you have proved it here tonight, Christopher, as we do on the road, and now also at Percy’s Tavern. Through your genius, a diverse mixture of people from all over London, and from all levels of society, and from opposing religious backgrounds, become united for two hours. Would that this be the way of the world, permanently and universally, we would all live in a kindlier place.”
There was silence. Marlowe blushed, and Shakespeare clapped a kindly hand on the shoulder of his father figure.
Shakespeare thought to himself how he had learned many things at the feet of the master since that day the image of the little gargoyle materialised beside him as he washed in the icy stream. But this! Well, this said it all.
If ever he had any reservations about continuing to work in the entertainment industry, they were now forever washed away - as was his past life cleansed away that cold afternoon outside of Stratford two years ago.
And, he had decided, if ever there was someone he should take with him on this fabulous journey, then it had to be the smiling young Cambridge graduate standing next to him, similarly awe-struck by the utterances of the Emperor of Entertainers.
The silence had to be broken.
“So, um … Chris …” said Shakespeare, finally groping for words. “You were saying that at Cambridge, you, ah …”
“What? Oh, yes, at Cambridge, and before that, when I was at King’s School on a scholarship, I read a lot of plays, acted in some of them, and was seduced by the idea of writing them myself.”
“And the ideas for the plays? Where do you get them?”
“I might read a book … history books are a valuable source. Works of the Latin poets, that sort of thing. Or I might see some incident or other in … in a tavern, for example.”
“Percy’s place would be a veritable treasure trove of ideas," Budsby said with glee. “There’s a play in Percy himself.” And he gave his trademark laugh.
“Er, yes,” said Marlowe graciously. “Or, perhaps someone might tell me something that they’ve heard, or an incident they have seen. I have a variety of sources.”
“I see,” said Shakespeare. “And then?”
“Then I think about it for a while, scribble some notes down, try out of a few ideas. And then I sit quietly and start.”
“And?” queried Budsby.
“And it sort of flows from there.”
“Flows?” said Shakespeare.
“Flows. Like your ideas, Will. For example, how you manipulate people to improve their performance. Or how you come up with a promotion to support an event. You start to put it down, and before you know it, there it is!”
“But what about the knowledge? The facts? The detail? I mean, for example, in this play, all these things that are Turkish?”
“Yes,” chimed in Budsby, “Christopher, have you ever been to Turkey?”
In the broad scheme of things the two enterprisers were both more or less well-travelled people, having spent much of their time on the road and seeing a variety of places, faces, and even chases. But that was merely England. Turkey was another matter. Not only faces and places, it involved totally different races. It required taking lurching ships across rough and dangerous seas, and slugging it out on primitive overland travel through strange countries, just to get there. And when you did, who knows what dangers it contained? Dangers that no doubt made the clash between the Protestants and the Catholics on English soil pale into insignificance.
Marlowe looked from one to the other. His cheeks turned scarlet. He opened his mouth, and it stayed open for several seconds. Shakespeare said later that he had given a very good impression of a shore-lurking fish that had had a great time scooping around in the mud for food, and had surfaced, only to find the tide had gone out.
“Well, I … ah …” he mumbled. “That is …”
“Aha, there you are!” came a loud cry. “What a performance, young man, what a performance!”
The trio turned to locate the source of the enthusiastic shout, Marlowe suddenly looking especially relieved. A squat, well-rounded figure was bearing down on them, one of the first to exit the theatre as the applause finally faded out. The figure exuded power and control, dressed beautifully in best cut, latest fashion doublet and cape. His dark hair was pulled back and his beard was immaculately trimmed. Shakespeare and Budsby noticed that the deep blue eyes burnt into anything in their line of vision with almost scary fierceness.
The aura of authority was underlined by the fact that, two paces behind there marched dutifully some sort of personal assistant or bodyguard. He was a dark, brooding character, dressed in clothes similar to that of Mr Mullins - leather waistcoat and trousers, with a neat white shirt.
This man continually looked from side to side, obviously to ensure that all was safe, and Shakespeare could not make out his face at all, other than thick whiskers protruding from under a large leather hat. His demeanour seemed to be perfectly illustrated by his shirt sleeves being rolled up to the elbow, revealing a nasty looking tattoo of a coiled snake on his left forearm.
Shakespeare looked away.
“Sir Thomas!” said Marlowe, bowing as the short squat man joined the group, and the bodyguard stayed dutifully two yards clear, all the while scanning the crowd as they filed out of the theatre. “Thank you for your comments. You are so kind.”
“Kindness has nothing to do with it,” the short man replied, clapping Marlowe on the shoulder. “I’m merely stating facts. It was brilliant.”
He shot his hand out and grasped Budsby’s and shook it warmly. “Ah, Mr Budsby,” he said, “the acclaimed entrepreneur, raconteur and bon vivant.”
Budsby, shocked at hearing his own self-introduction being recited so accurately by a total stranger, struggled for a reply.
Indeed, before he could even muster a comment, the man continued, “And now the premiere promoter of London Town. It is a pleasure to meet you, sir.”
The pair shook hands, and then the stranger’s steely eyes darted across and met Shakespeare’s. “And this,” he continued, turning and gripping Shakespeare’s hand, “this must be young Master Shakespeare, skilled leather-worker, promoter, and your up-and-coming heir to the throne. Mr Budsby, you must thank the lord for the day you met him by that babbling brook.”
“Sir,” said Budsby, shocked. “You have …”
“The better of you? I am afraid I do, Mr Budsby, and I apologise for that. It’s just that …”
“Let me do the introductions,” said Marlowe, hastily intervening. “Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare, this is Sir Thomas. Sir Thomas Walsingham.”
“ … just that …” continued the short squat man.
“Just that not much passes by without Sir Thomas knowing about it, does it?” interjected Marlowe.
“Quite right, young Christopher. Quite right,” said Sir Thomas. “Indeed, Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare, am I right in saying that you played a not inconsiderable part in the success of Tamburlaine?”
“Well,” said Budsby, regaining a little composure, “we did our best.”
“Best? Best! All of London was buzzing, buzzing I tell you, about the sensational parade of the mighty potentate on a sedan chair through the streets. Why, some of my men said … er, that is, I heard on the grapevine … that the crowd was ten-deep in some parts, and the noise they made was overwhelming.”
“Yes,” said Shakespeare, still staggered at the reference to Stratford and the meeting by the stream, “we did keep everyone busy making up extra copies of the handbill.”
“But,” added Budsby, stepping forward on his dainty feet, “we were just saying this very moment, before you happened along, that while we caused the interest, the success depended on young Christopher’s words. And he has not let us down.”
“Indeed, Mr Budsby,” said Walsingham, “success of any project is dependent on a number of inter-locking factors.”
“I agree, sir,” said Budsby.
“And I find in my line of work, you are only as good as your weakest link.”
“And what exactly,” said Shakespeare, “is your …?”
But he could not get the remainder of the question out and thus unearth just what it was that this all-knowing little man did for a living. And why it required a bodyguard in attendance.
With a superb balance of politeness and control, Walsingham over-rode Shakespeare, ignored the question, and continued, “I probably do not need to tell you, gentlemen, that planning is all-important in anything one attempts. And speaking of planning, it is important that our young genius here does not dwell too long on this admittedly well-deserved triumph, but begins to consider the content and plot of his next opus.”
He put his arm around Marlowe, and added charmingly, “So, Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare, if you would not mind, can I spirit Christopher away?”
“What an intriguing image,” said Budsby. “Disappearing into the mist. Of course I do not mind.”
Before anything more could be said, Walsingham added, “Come Christopher, we have much to talk about.”
Turning to the shadowy figure behind him, he commanded, “Mr Frizer, if you would lead the way, please?” With the bodyguard taking the lead and clearing the way, the trio threaded its way through the crowd and out into the street.
Budsby and Shakespeare were left to stare at each other blankly for several seconds, until finally Budsby broke the ice. “What on earth was that all about?”
“I don’t know,” replied Shakespeare.
“And how did he know so much about us?”
“It’s beyond me. Sir Walter Raleigh knowing about you, Mr Budsby, that I can understand. Raleigh is a country man. But this Londoner knowing us so well, even the detail of how you and I met, how could that be?”
Budsby stared at the ground, but his thoughts were interrupted by the sudden, unnerving feeling he was being observed. He looked up to see a group of theatregoers several yards away, staring at him, pointing at him, and giggling.
Under Budsby’s baleful scrutiny, one of them - a short, well-dressed balding man with sparkling eyes - finally broke from the ranks, and walked over.
“Excuse me,” he said. “My apologies for our rudeness, sir. But you are the potentate, aren’t you? The big fellow who paraded through the streets in the sedan-chair?”
Budsby grinned. “I am, sir. I am.”
“We saw you up in Knightsbridge, and it was absolutely brilliant, might I say, sir,” said the theatregoer, pumping Budsby’s hand. “It’s a pleasure to shake your hand.” He walked off, collected his friends, and left the theatre.
And it was only after they had disappeared out into the darkness, that Budsby looked down and realised that in his hand, passed to him by the congratulatory stranger, was a slip of paper.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Sarah Fletcher had never really known where life would take her.
Certainly not from the melancholy moment in time when she was just twelve and her career-soldier father was killed while doing his duty for Queen and country, and Church and God, on a foreign battlefield.
The sombre message from France was delivered by an impassive courier on an otherwise sunny day at their comfortable home on the northern outskirts of London.
The outfall was immediate and harsh.
The remainder of the family - Sarah, her mother, and a younger sister, Jessica - were plunged into genteel poverty, and from that day forward, the Forces of Life began to control Sarah, rather than she controlling them.
She was intelligent, but her schooling suddenly became of secondary importance to the primary task of keeping the family and home together. She was pretty, but the lack of funds severely restricted opportunities to source the right clothes, secure the right invitations, and move in the right social circles. She was vivacious, but a lack of esteem, brought on by the cruel, depressing blow of her much-loved father’s death, had held her back from grabbing any opportunity when it presented itself.
And thus it was that at barely seventeen she found herself pouring ale and serving pies and mixing with mummers at a south London tavern operated by her bewildered Uncle Percy and owned by the spendthrift Earl of Oxford.
The regimen was remorseless. Each morning she would rise early and begin the preparation of the food, which had become an integral part of the inn securing its position as London’s best and busiest. From noon on she was fully occupied, serving meals, pouring drinks, and organising the other serving wenches that had been brought in to cope with the demand. In the evening, the pressure became even more intense as the brilliant talent organised by Mr Budsby and Mr Shakespeare went through its paces.
The amazing mix of skill, strength and comedy whipped the crowd into a frenzy, sparking even more calls for ale, claret and sack, the potent sherry imported from as far afield as the Greek islands.
And all the while, Sarah worked hard on the rehabilitation of her uncle, trying to lure him out of the mental fog into which he had stumbled after his former business partner had run off to Norwich with not only Percy’s savings, but his wife.
Percy’s constant lament, “She left me, she up and left me,” had become a catch-phrase around the tavern, used by the other others as a kindly joke to liven things up while they busily cleaned and prepared for the next show.
“I’m not at all surprised!” replied Samuel Davidson one day when Percy wandered down the narrow stairs in his nightshirt, chanting his familiar litany.
Sarah tried to ease Percy back into the world, through a mix of love, devotion, and support.
“It’s not your fault, Uncle Percy,” she would say in her touching way. “It’s not your fault.”
But her efforts had little effect. After staggering on stage and bellowing his litany to a tune concocted by a travelling lute-player that had joined the group, he would wobble upstairs to the roars of applause. And there, nursing a flagon, he would sit in a corner and see ghosts and cry in the night and pray for forgiveness.
With all this going on, Sarah often wondered, after collapsing exhausted in her own tiny bed in one of the diminutive guest rooms, how she was finding time for one more important thing.
Falling in love with William Shakespeare.
But she knew it was happening, even though she had never really been in love before; because her heart jumped every time he suddenly materialised in the inn after another day out in the streets promoting shows; because of the jolt of indefinable power that surged through her body any time they accidentally collided as they rushed about their duties in the frenzied inn, she serving, and he ensuring the customers were enjoying themselves; because each night before she went to sleep she imagined them together, wrapped lovingly in each other’s arms, isolating each other from the travails of the world. He protecting her from the impact of her father’s death, she protecting him from … from, well, what?
What is it, Sarah would ask herself, that forces William Shakespeare to display, amongst his otherwise endearing characteristics, an aloofness?
No, wait, she would think, aloof is not the word. It’s more a self-imposed restraint.
Why can he be so genial and friendly, and yet go no further?
Why is it from that day, that Moment, when we looked into each other’s eyes in front of Mr Budsby, that it was obvious we were meant for each other, yet he has not dared pursue the matter?
What is holding him back?
Then she would shut her eyes and say a little prayer - a rather less frenetic and more positive prayer than the one Uncle Percy was mumbling two doors up - and the next thing she knew she was awake and making pies again.
“Show him a bit of ankle,” was the solution offered by Margaret, a wench whose pretty face and curvaceous figure were starting to show signs of wear and tear after years working in taverns, and one of the first added to the staff roster because of her skills and experience.
“Ankle?” said Sarah, surprised.
“Sarah, in all my years serving up drinks and food,” Margaret said, as her muscly forearms and sinewy hands rolled the pastry on the big table in the kitchen, “I have learnt one thing about men.”
“And what is that?” asked Sarah sweetly.
“They are all lazy, lying, selfish bastards.”
“Margaret!” exclaimed Sarah.
“Well most of them are, anyway. There are the occasional exceptions, and if you find one, and want to set a bait to catch him and haul him aboard, then my only advice is that men cannot resist the sight of exposed flesh. You can start with your ankle. You may go higher if you wish.”
Sarah closed her large blue eyes and blushed at the thought. Her concept of modesty was such that she had barely seen her own ankles herself, much less let anybody else observe them. When she bathed, in a small wooden tub upstairs, even though she knew the door was locked and she was all alone, she still grabbed for the towel immediately on exiting the bath and covered herself fully before getting dressed. Her demure upbringing and attitude was underlined by the fact that she was the only one among the serving staff that worked in a high-neck blouse rather than the low-cut version that all the others wore and which, as Margaret put it, “Drives men crazy with lust, and makes them consume more drink.”
“Trouble is,” Margaret said, leaning forward to display her impressive cleavage and emphasise the point, “after one of these fellows has spent all night talking directly to your chest, and you finally say yes, when you get him into bed, you discover he is all talk and no action!”
Sarah’s blush reddened further.
“This little limp turnip about this long,” continued Margaret, holding up her right thumb and forefinger about an inch apart, “just lies there, flattened by the intake of beer, and no amount of coaxing will stir it into life.” She let out a mighty laugh, and Sarah, seized by the imagery, burst into red-faced giggles. “I tell you, the number of times I have crept back down the hallway while a so-called romantic hero is lying back on the bed drunk and snoring …”
The pair burst into laughter again.
“Ladies, ladies,” suddenly came a recognizable voice, “we appear to be enjoying our work this morning.”
The pair looked up from their pies and their mirth, to see the large and imposing figure of Mr Budsby, wearing his big coat over his Turkish potentate’s outfit, edging through the door.
“Oh, Mr Budsby,” said Sarah, regaining her composure. “Margaret was just saying that …”
“Working around this place is certainly not boring …” continued her working partner.
Sarah’s delightful laughter peeled through the kitchen again.
“Ah, that is the sound I love to hear,” said Budsby, with cheery enthusiasm. “Laughter resolves all issues, heals all ills, revives all broken spirits. That’s the sort of laughter that greets Soho when he is in top form.”
“And how can we help you, Mr Budsby?” said Margaret.
“Before we go out on our last procession to promote the play, I just wanted to see what Sarah thought about my dear friend Percy. Is there any chance he will snap out of this awful state he is in?”
Sarah frowned. “I would hope so, Mr Budsby,” she said. “Every now and then he shows a bit of interest in something - perhaps a new style of pie we have cooked - but by and large he is still the same.”
“It’s a sad thing,” said Budsby slowly. “Percy’s tavern is the talk of the town and we are salting away enormous profits for him, but he is incapable of enjoying the experience.”
“Perhaps some sort of shock might bring him out of his state,” said Sarah.
“Take him out and show him Rasa in her Turkish outfit!” said Margaret with a chuckle. “That’ll bring him round.”
Sarah began to giggle again.
“It certainly stirred that young Master Marlowe into action,” added Margaret with a wink.
There was an awkward silence.
“Pardon?’ said Budsby.
“Oh, dear, I think I may have said too much,” said Margaret, pushing a wisp of hair out of face and getting back to the pastry.
“No, no, continue,” said Sarah, intrigued. “Please.”
Margaret looked at Sarah and then at the big fellow. “Well, Mr Budsby, it appears not only was Mr Marlowe impressed by your magnificent procession that promoted his play, what was the name of it now ..?”
“Tamburlaine,” said Budsby.
“Tamburlaine, yes,” said Margaret.
“Get to the point, Margaret,” said Sarah.
“I’m getting there, missy. Don’t get anxious. Well, it appears, he was also smitten by what he saw up on the litter.”
“Oh?” said the big fellow, frowning.
“And I don’t mean you, Mr Budsby!” said Margaret, letting out a roar of a laugh.
“No, well, one would hope not!”
“He’s in love with Rasa,” said Margaret. “Besotted. One sight of that noble face and that lovely figure of hers, and he was gone. See, what did I tell you, young lady?”
Sarah turned crimson again, and went back to shaping the pastry in the pie dishes.
“Hmm,” said Budsby.
“You look a bit concerned, Mr Budsby,” said Margaret.
“Not really, Margaret. It’s just Tamburlaine has been such a success …”
“Because of your help, Mr Budsby.”
“I did my bit, Margaret. But it has been a success because of Christopher’s beautiful writing. And now there is a proposal to produce a second version, Part Two, and have it also played by the same band of esteemed actors, the Admiral’s Men.”
“An Admiral! I had one of those once, too,” said Margaret, enthusiastically. “Same old story. Too much rum. Couldn’t weigh anchor …”
“Margaret, you are indefatigable,” said Budsby warmly.
“Oooh, no, not me, Mr Budsby,” Margaret replied, suddenly very serious. “I don’t go in for anything quirky, like, with my gentlemen …”
Budsby smiled, shook his head. “No, no. Margaret, I mean you are unstoppable.”
“Oh, well, that’s all right, then.”
Budsby made for the door, but at the last second he stopped, turned back, and said, “Oh, and Sarah?”
“Yes, Mr Budsby?”
“Don’t show too much ankle. William is such a delicate boy …”
And as he left, Sarah turned the brightest crimson and Margaret burst into laughter.
The laughter cascaded out into the street where Soho was limbering up for his daily ritual of leading the procession, and Shakespeare stood next to the sedan chair counting the pile of leaflets to distribute.
“Just enough for one more run,” said Shakespeare, almost absent-mindedly. “Perfect.”
“And what about Part Two?” said a voice.
Shakespeare turned to see a face smiling at him from the other side of the chair. It was the scrappily bearded face of Christopher Marlowe and it was beaming with joy.
“Part Two, Christopher? What’s this I hear about Part Two?”
“Ah, Will,” said the young playwright, coming around from the other side, “Tamburlaine has been a great success, in no small way due to your brilliant promotion. I have so much material left over from it, I can do some more, and repeat that success.”
“Is this wise? Shouldn’t you be looking at something else?”
“I am, William, I am. Kings, Queens, princes. The French. Now there’s a source of inspiration if ever there was one. People called Henry. The Florentines. The Vikings! I have my ideas.”
“That’s good.”
“But,” continued Marlowe, patting the spot where Rasa always positioned herself on the litter, “you can’t get too much of a good thing!”
“So I hear,” said Shakespeare quietly.
“Will, Will, do I detect a note of jealousy? Are you concerned that I am in love with the most beautiful human being in all of England? In fact, in the whole of the world?”
“No, no,” said Shakespeare. “I congratulate you. You are a lucky man.”
“So?”
“It’s just that if you are to do a second Tamburlaine, then we will have to come up with another idea to tell people about it.”
“But, Will, this works so well!”
“This time around, yes,” said Shakespeare. “But we can’t afford to repeat ourselves. That’s the name of the game, Christopher. We need something new every time.”
“Ah, well,” said Marlowe, confidently. “How’s this for something new, then?” He looked skyward, as if reading a giant poster, and waving his arm across the sky with a flourish, he pretended to read, ‘Tamburlaine The Second Part, written by Christopher Marlowe, portrayed by the Admiral’s Men, and featuring the newest talent to entrance you with his acting skills, William Shakespeare …’”
There was silence as Shakespeare let the words sink in, and Marlowe watched his face with joyful anticipation.
“What? Me? Act?” said Shakespeare eventually.
“See?” said Marlowe, jumping to within an inch of his face. “I knew you had what it takes. If only we had a reflector glass. Your look of fake alarm right now is priceless, worthy of Alleyn himself.”
“Christopher, Edward Alleyn is the premiere actor of the Admiral’s Men. I would never in my wildest dreams be considered to be like him. Besides, my look of shock right now is real.”
“Well, hold it. Remember it. Learn how to reproduce it. And I’ll write a line in the play for you to employ it!”
“But Christopher. I have never acted!”
“Will,” said Christopher fondly, “you have all the attributes. The voice, the presence, the confidence. All honed on those years on the road with Mr Budsby. Why, the big fellow has even knocked the edges off your Stratford accent and filled your mouth with his rounded, mellow tones.”
Shakespeare looked down at the ground. It was true, he thought. Day by day, out at the front with the banner, or down at the back with the posters, he had been slowly developing a talent for performance without realising it, and had, unwittingly or otherwise, picked up the marvellous, fruity tones of his London-born and educated mentor.
Shakespeare slowly looked up, and said firmly, “All right, Christopher, I …”
But Marlowe was no longer in front of him. He had moved with the speed of a cat, and was now ten yards away, at the door of the tavern, assisting Rasa out into the street and onto the litter for her last performance with the fan. He was chatting to her, cuddling her, kissing her, offering to take her coat off to reveal her sensational outfit.
“ … will be only too pleased to play a role,” concluded Shakespeare quietly.
As the lovebirds giggled, Will shrugged, looked around, down, sideways, anywhere, along as it took his eyes off the sickly smooching scene before him.
Eventually he looked upwards, to the first floor of the tavern.
And there, at the window of her tiny bedroom, Sarah stood, staring down at him.
History might show that Shakespeare’s first acting performance, in a theatre before a large crowd, may well have been in Tamburlaine, Part Two. But, in fact, his first real use of his acting skills was on this day, in a London street, watched from above by a captive audience of one.
After more than two years of travelling, hard work, sacrifice, loyalty, and determination to develop the New Shakespeare out of the shards of the broken young man found shivering beside an icy stream outside Stratford, William let the safety catch off.
He slowly removed his hat, and bowed to the pretty blue-eyed girl with the startling white skin, looking down from above. He did a little jig around the litter, adopting all sorts of crazy dance steps and leaps. He jumped into the sedan chair, puffed his cheeks, crossed his legs, and placed his hands on his belly, as if he were Budsby the potentate. Then he alighted, ran to one corner of the litter, knelt, and pretended he was going to lift it. A look of mock agony came across his face, as he failed to get the monster piece of furniture even one inch off the ground. He got up, mopped his brow, and pretended to faint dead on the ground from the exertion.
And when he got up and took his bow, his heart was filled with joy to look to the window and see two white hands clapping like fluttering doves, two beautiful blue eyes sparkling with adoration, and two delightful red lips mouthing the word “Bravo.”
It was little wonder then that after the evening’s show had reached its climax, and the last of the happy customers had been ushered out, the place cleaned up, and the company had all retired to their beds, that Will felt at ease with himself when he quietly crept down the hallway and lightly tapped on the door to Sarah’s tiny room.
She was waiting for him and without hesitation slipped out of her night-dress, showing, under the brilliant full moonlight that burst through the window, her beautiful body - ankles and all - to another person for the first time.
After helping him undress, they slid under the sheets of Sarah’s tiny single bed.
They did not make love that night, but simply wrapped themselves lovingly in each other’s arms, isolating each other from the travails of the world.
He protecting her from the impact of her father’s death, she protecting him from whatever it was he was finally learning to handle.

CHAPTER TWELVE

“Walsingham? You met Walsingham?” Samuel Davidson looked down at the thick tavern table, around which he and Rufus Budsby were sitting. Davidson laid his hands flat, shook his head, and muttered, “Blimey.”
“Dear me, Samuel,” said Budsby cheerfully, “you do look worried. Should I be worried, too?”
“I dunno if it’s worried you need to be, Mr Budsby. But I would certainly be careful. Which Walsingham was it?”
“Oh Lord,” said Budsby, holding his hands up, palms outward, in mock surrender. “I bow to your greater knowledge gathered from all those years protecting the lives and property of the well-to-do. You mean there is more than one Walsingham?”
“There’s two that I know of, Mr Budsby, and I wouldn’t go out of my way to tangle with either. Francis Walsingham is …”
“No, it wasn’t Francis.”
“Well, that’s a relief. Francis is one of the most ruthless men in all of England. He’s an adviser to the Queen, her chief spy, and …” At his point, Davidson leaned forward, and, looking around the empty inn to make sure there was no one hearing a word of the conversation, added conspiratorially “ … Mr Budsby, he has people killed, like swatting an insect.”
“Hmmm,” said Budsby slowly. “Sounds charming.”
“He has built a reputation here and overseas as a statesman. He’s Secretary of State. They say it was him that gave the Queen all the information to imprison Mary.”
“Mary? The Queen of Scots? The one they beheaded this year?”
“The Queen of Scots herself, Mr Budsby. I thought you would know all about these things?”
“Samuel, I am but a simple showman who has plied his trade around the villages of this fine country of ours in order to bring a little joy into the hearts of the good citizens of its far-flung rural corners.”
“I know, Mr Budsby, but I would have thought you would picked up on what’s going on in the world.”
“Complex affairs of state might be important to those that set traps and those that are snared by them, but, really, they have never been a concern of mine - nor, I suspect, of most ordinary folk.”
“Well, they’ll be a concern of yours now, Mr Budsby. It must have been Thomas Walsingham you met.”
“That’s it!” said Budsby, his eyes brightening with recognition. “Sir Thomas Walsingham. That’s the fellow who greeted us with young Master Marlowe outside the theatre.”
“Mr Budsby, Thomas Walsingham is also a spy!”
The word “spy” rang through the empty tavern, and Samuel Davidson checked again to make sure no one was listening.
“It’s all right, Samuel,” said Budsby, leaning forward. “The sun has barely risen, we are the first out of bed this morning, by far ...”
There was a mighty crash of pans falling on the floor in the kitchen.
“ … except perhaps for Soho,” continued Budsby without even blinking, “who is obviously in need of his early morning sustenance.”
Samuel Davidson waited to ensure Soho’s search for the pot to make his favourite morning bowl of thick porridge had not woken the household.
“Pray carry on,” said Budsby.
“Sir Thomas is Sir Francis’ cousin,” continued Davidson in a low voice. “Sir Francis is the boss, the head of all spy activities here and overseas on behalf of her Majesty. And cousin Thomas is one of his major agents.”
“But Sir Thomas is such a charming man!”
“Charm is a vital part of being a successful spy, Mr Budsby.”
“And he seems to be such a good friend of Christopher, our young writer friend who wouldn’t hurt a fly.”
“Young Christopher would not hurt a fly deliberately,” said Davidson slowly. “But, Mr Budsby, the word is, that when he gets over-excited about some of them free-wheeling ideas of his, or downs an extra tankard or two, he says and does things that cause a lot of grief to people within the immediate vicinity.”
“Ahhh, the first flush of fiery youth,” said Budsby grandly. “When you are young you think you know everything, and want to tell everybody, but in fact, you know very little. I wish I was still like that.”
“How so?”
“Because by the time you get to my age, my boy, you have worked out all the solutions.”
“Yes, and ..?”
“Trouble is, no bastard wants to ask you what they are!”
The pair turned around to see Soho come through the kitchen door. He was still dressed in light, white cotton pyjamas, and proudly carrying a bowl of thick, gooey porridge, which he put down on the table next to Budsby. He pulled out a chair, climbed up, and began eating noisily with a huge spoon.
Davidson stared at him for a few seconds, and then back at Budsby, unsure what to do.
“Carry on, Mr Davidson,” said Budsby. “My little friend here is my most trusted confidante. Besides, he can’t tell anyone what he overhears, plus …” And here Soho’s slurping noises became louder as he attacked the porridge with gusto. “… his enthusiasm for his morning gruel will surely muffle whatever we say.”
Samuel Davidson leaned back and laughed. “Mr Budsby, I bless the day that you came across me guarding that property for the Earl of Oxford up near Norwich. I have met so many wonderful people. Why, some of the eating habits of my fellow guards make Soho here look like a gentleman of noble breeding.”
Soho looked up, looked at them both, and went back to work.
“But Samuel,” continued Budsby, “you get around, you know the score. What is the link between Sir Thomas and Christopher? They’re not, ah, they’re not, how shall I put this ... ah … fond of each other, are they?”
“No, no, no. At least people around town don’t think so. What happens is, Thomas pays Chris’ bills.”
“Oh, I see.”
“He’s rich beyond you wildest dreams, is Sir Thomas, Mr Budsby. He’s Marlowe’s … ah …what … what’s the word now?”
“Patron.”
“That’s it, he’s Christopher’s patron. You know these types, Mr Budsby. They make money by a variety of means.”
“Some fair, some foul.”
“True, Mr Budsby,” added Davidson, “but then they like to spread it around as patronage and make themselves look good.”
“It’s a sort of controlling device,” said Budsby. “But it explains why our young playwright friend, a son of a modest Canterbury shoe-maker, always looks so well dressed!”
“Exactly.”
“Certainly in comparison to that earnest writer friend of his, what’s his name?”
“Kyd. Thomas Kyd.”
“Yes, Kyd. That lad always looks like he has been dressed out of the proceeds from the Church poor box on a rainy day. And he sports a similarly depressing character to match.”
“Ah, you see, Mr Budsby, Kyd hasn’t got a mentor. And besides, with what you have done to boost Tamburlaine, young Chris’s future looks very rosy indeed.”
“But,” said Budsby, fumbling around in his pocket, “where does all that leave me, in terms of this?” From his right-hand pocket he produced a scrap of paper.
It was the note that a perfect stranger had handed him that night at the theatre after Walsingham had taken Marlowe away - rescuing him yet again from another obviously embarrassing question about his past.
It had worried Budsby for days. Who was it that gave it to him? And why? And what did the two-word message - “Le Doux” - mean?
“Le Doux?” said Davidson as he scanned the note. “Means nothing to me, Mr Budsby. I’m not too well up on my French.”
“Nor me, Samuel,” said Budsby.
Davidson handed back the note, and Budsby stared at it again. He read it once more. He looked at the ceiling. He repeated the words to himself. “Le Doux. Le Doux.”
But nothing came.
“No,” he said, “I don’t understand.” He began tearing the note into tiny pieces.
Samuel Davidson looked on with concern as the fragments dropped on the table. “Mr Budsby, should you have done that?”
“I’ll remember the words when the day comes,” the big fellow said. “Besides, there’s not much chance of getting it back now.” He tilted his head to the side, pointing to the little gargoyle on his left, who was busily scooping the pieces of paper up with his stubby little hands and dropping them into his bowl as if they were a garnish.
Three nights later, and Rufus J. Budsby was saying to himself, “What am I getting myself into?” Playwrights, mentors, actors, love interests, spies, puzzling notes. And now, a stranger occupying centre stage, on the spot where normally only members of the professional troupe performed. The man had simply jumped on stage in between acts and had begun sprouting poetry, with a rather raw skill but confidence that showed belief in his work.
Observing him initially from the back of the room, Budsby had thought it was Will. The stranger looked strikingly similar to his up-and-coming business partner, with the same sallow skin and brown eyes peeking out from under half-closed lids. However, as Budsby moved closer he realised that the would-be performer was clean-shaven, and his clothes were of a kind that “Ezra & Jeremiah Pollock, Outfitters To The Gentry” would sell only to their most wealthy clients.
Yet, despite his aristocratic bearing, the man had a certain boyish, almost devil-may-care, charm about him, and an ability to please the crowd. As he recited his lines - pithy, witty material about lost love - in a well-rounded, obviously educated voice, the patrons became more and more involved. And, having summoned Samuel Davidson and William to assist him in evicting the unscheduled performer, Budsby was of two minds when he finally reached the foot of the stage.
Should we hurl him off now and risk causing a scene, he thought to himself? Or wait until he has finished and quietly move him out?
Budsby’s indecision was hurried to a conclusion when a voice from behind him said coldly, “I would simply leave him up there, if I was you, Mr Budsby.”
Budsby turned to see a familiar, well-dressed figure standing behind him.
“Ah, Lord Burghley,” said Budsby, attempting a deep bow, a manoeuvre he was finding increasingly more challenging as he thrived on the splendid cooking of Sarah and Margaret. “How good to see you.”
“No need for formality, Budsby,” Burghley sniffed. “Just leave him up there.”
“Alas, Lord Burghley, while I appreciate your financial skills - and if I am not mistaken, we are well in advance with our rent, are we not?”
“That is correct, Mr Budsby.”
“As I was saying, while I appreciate your fiscal qualities as the manager of the Earl of Oxford’s estate, my expertise is in the field of entertainment, and …”
“And so?” said Burghley impatiently.
“And so, Lord Burghley, my experience tells me that having a loose cannon suddenly firing off in the middle of a well-drilled professional performance is a dangerous exercise.”
“How so?”
“What Mr Budsby is saying,” interjected Shakespeare, “is that people pay good money to come here and be entertained by the best in the business - performers who do it for a living, not rank amateurs.”
“As well,” added Budsby, “it encourages others, similarly fired by the desire to appear on stage and fuelled up by the tavern’s finest ale, to get up and display their, um, alleged talents.”
“Thus turning the show into a bloody shambles,” added Samuel Davidson intensely. “Shall I get him down, now, Mr Budsby?”
“I really do not think that is necessary,” snapped Burghley.
“Lord Burghley,’ said Budsby, smiling, “we do not wish to suppress the yearnings of an enterprising talent. We are happy to have this anonymous young chap audition some time in the cool light of day, where Will can examine his skills and consider the best way to exploit them.”
“Or tell him to give it away and go back to accounting!” said Davidson, laughing. “Shall I do it now, Mr Budsby? I’ve sent for Mr Mullins to give me a hand.”
“I think you will find it is best to let the man finish, if you know what is good for you,” said Burghley.
“Lord Burghley,” said Budsby, rubbing his hand across the silver top of his stick, “there is much noise resounding through the tavern, not the least being the caterwauling of our young poet friend up there, so forgive me if I have mistakenly interpreted your last statement as some sort of threat.”
“Call it what you will, Budsby, but I am just saying that it is in your best long-term interests to let the man finish.”
Burghley set his jaw firmly, and stared at Budsby.
The old mummer had encountered some tough nuts over the years, and usually talked them around with his unsurpassed mix of language, diplomacy and cunning. But Burghley was different, and they had never hit it off since that time when Budsby had outflanked him by not only presenting rent at the end of the curt, seven-days deadline but payment in advance as well.
“Lord Burghley,” said Budsby, “I believe that you are …”
But not even Burghley, Shakespeare or Davidson could hear what Budsby said next, for the crowd suddenly burst into applause, and the little group looked up to see that the unscheduled poet was taking his bows. He was smiling broadly, proud of his achievement, and obviously thrilled with his moment of glory before an audience. He bowed twice more and with that, jumped off the stage, and landed lightly on his feet next to Burghley.
Shakespeare stepped back, his eyes snapping. In all the imbroglio with Burghley he had not really taken much notice of the would-be star. But now he realised that the stranger bore a remarkable resemblance to himself. It was like looking in a mirror, albeit the other image was a clean-shaven one.
A further shock was to come.
“Mr Budsby, Mr Shakespeare, Mr Davidson, maybe this will make things clear.” Lord Burghley indicated the young man. “Let me present to you, my son-in-law and owner of this property, the Earl of Oxford, Edward De Vere.”
There was a moment’s silence, as the implications of the words sank in.
“Ah-ha, excellent,” said Budsby finally, extending a hand. “A pleasure to meet the landlord.”
“Amazing,” said Shakespeare, staring at the man’s face in awe.
“Shite,” said Samuel Davidson. “Now even the bleedin’ owner is in on the act!”
Edward De Vere laughed, displaying perfect, well cared for teeth. “Ah, Mr Davidson,” he said, in well-educated tones to the strongman. “I knew what was on your mind when you approached. With muscles like that, I figured I was up for a rapid exit - horizontal, straight out the door, no doubt. That is why I finished up quicker than I had planned.”
“You mean there is more?” said Shakespeare.
“Another twenty-seven verses, Mr Shakespeare. And that is just one of my works.”
“Where do you find the time?” said Budsby.
“The time?” said De Vere. He looked at Burghley and laughed. “Well,” he continued, “you could say I have one of those unusual lives.”
“What the Earl is saying is that his situation …” said Burghley.
“ … brought about by the death of my father when I was twelve …” added De Vere.
“ … resulting in him becoming a royal ward …”
“ … and eventual heir at eighteen of a huge estate …”
“ … which I am endeavouring to help him control …”
“ … by selling property off under my instructions to pay my debts incurred from my love of travelling and enjoyment of the good life …”
“ … er, yes,” said Burghley sadly.
“Means,” said De Vere, his brown eyes sparkling, “that I have the time and opportunity to indulge in my first love, writing.”
“But,” said Budsby, slowly, “and I don’t wish to be too inquisitive, sir, but if you are selling off so much, why have you kept this place?”
“Ah, well,” said De Vere, and for the first time since he had come down from the stage, the smile evaporated from his face. “In fact we were thinking of maybe …”
“You mean you are going to sell?” said Shakespeare, looking worried.
“Well,” said De Vere. “I have every intention of doing so.”
The little group went silent. This was something Budsby and Shakespeare had not counted on at all. A change of owner could de-stabilise their situation. It could mean rent increased to impossible proportions, or possibly, if the new proprietor did not view entertainment in the same positive light as they did, see them thrown out into the street.
“Or, at least, I had, until I came here tonight, and saw what was going on,” added De Vere.
“And?”
“I’m willing to maintain my ownership. I mean, why wouldn’t I, when the tenant is paying rent in advance?”
“Absolutely,” said Budsby.”
“But,” added De Vere, “on one consideration.”
“And what would that be?” said Budsby cautiously.
“Mr Budsby, a word in private, if I may,” said De Vere, putting his arm on the big fellow’s shoulder and leading him away.
The pair moved off and become engaged in intense conversation, before finally shaking hands, and returning.
“Gentlemen,” said Budsby, when they returned, “from tonight we introduce a new, shall we say, occasional, act to the bill. Edward De Vere - Poet.” He began to clap his hands.
Davidson and Shakespeare joined in, enthusiastically, and Burghley reluctantly.
Budsby grabbed De Vere by the shoulder, and moved him across, to stand next to Shakespeare. “It has been quite a time for you, these last few months, young Will,” boomed the big fellow. “First, you met your kindred spirit in Master Marlowe. Then your future love, in young Sarah. Now, your physical double in the Earl of Oxford.”
And precisely at that moment, Mr Mullins rushed up to the group. “Sorry, Mr Budsby, I got the message that Mr Davidson needed my help, but I got delayed with one of the sets breaking. Is everything all right?”
“Just fine, Mr Mullins,” said Budsby with a big smile. “Everything is going to be just fine.”

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

The romance between Rasa, the young black girl from Nubia, and Christopher Marlowe, was unusual in many ways.
The principal aspect was that Rasa was absolutely astounded that this bright, educated Englishman was even remotely interested in her. Most of his countrymen simply ogled her magnificent body, and were not even vaguely concerned about the similarly towering spirit, personality and intelligence that it housed. Their attitude was summarised in a comment she had first heard when she began working the fairgrounds as one half of the amazing Siamese twins.
She continued to hear it when she played one of her varying roles each night in the show at Percy Fletcher’s tavern.
And it often surfaced, too, when she appeared in the streets of London dressed in a variety of outfits to help promote the latest play from Marlowe’s prolific pen.
It was the same line every time. “Cor, how would you like to give her one?”
At first, in her naivety, she thought it meant she would be the recipient of some sort of present, although not entirely sure what that “one” present would be. But she was eventually put wise by her performing partner Emily, who, while similarly innocent about most matters, knew enough of the nuances of her mother-tongue and had seen enough of the behaviour of the men in her northern England village, to comprehend what they really meant.
“They want to have their wicked way with you,” was as best as Emily could put it, without blushing too much. “But don’t worry,” the little waif-like girl added. “They wouldn’t really want to do it. Men are all talk, and probably the ones who say it most are married anyway.”
Rasa, both infuriated and intrigued that married men would carry on like that, was spurred into further research as part of a bigger plan. She cornered a somewhat embarrassed Samuel Davidson in the tavern one afternoon, plied him with jugs of ale, and elicited from him all the words that he had learnt over the years that meant “to have the wicked way.”
Ultimately, she selected one from the list that he had gradually outlined with more confidence as the day wore on, and mentally stored it away for future reference. Her natural tribal instincts and her experience in the troupe had honed her skills as an exceptionally good reader of character, personality, and body language. And on days when a particularly obnoxious type uttered the familiar sentence about “giving her one” as the promotional entourage rolled past the awe-struck crowd, she would look around, and with unerring accuracy, usually be able to spot the miscreant's wife.
Invariably, the long-suffering spouse would be a few yards further along the street, standing with her women friends.
Rasa would lean down, nod toward the offender - by now, receiving pats on the back from his laughing cronies - and inquire, “Is that your husband?”
If the answer were in the affirmative, she would then continue to the startled woman, “What a fine man you have there. Tell him that I am ready whenever he is.”
“Ready? For what?” would come the puzzled reply.
“Madam, didn’t you hear? He just graciously declared to everybody that he would like to root me …”
Rasa would then regally return to her pose and the procession would move on.
Meanwhile pandemonium and raucous laughter would break out as the aggrieved wife would storm over to the husband, grab him by the ear and publicly march him off for a severe dose of discipline, tongue-lashing him all the way.
Christopher Marlowe was not like that. Not like that at all. In fact, he treated Rasa with star-struck respect, almost child-like adoration. So smitten was he by this person of unparalleled beauty that he babbled in her presence, dropped his hat, walked into doors. He couldn’t wait to see her, couldn’t wait to hold her hand, couldn’t wait to talk to her about, well, anything. Anything that would keep her amused, keep her in his presence, keep her, he hoped, in love with him. He prattled on about his boyhood in Canterbury where he grew up the son of a shoemaker with a glaringly obvious talent.
“My life has never been simple,” he told her one day, as they walked through the manicured gardens of a park on the edge of the city. “Old, learned men would be continually coming to visit me. They wanted to see this boy genius - ha, what a phrase - this son of a cobbler who had defied the odds by being born with a brain, and who could sing in a choir, too. They would ask me questions, check my answers, explore my thoughts. Eventually, they put me on scholarship.”
Scholarship was another word Rasa had not heard of. Her own life had not been that simple, either.
Born of a wealthy and powerful Nubian tribal leader in northern Africa, she had impressed her father with her intelligence, capacity to learn, and her haughty spirit. But she had similarly depressed him by declaring that she was not going to bow to tradition and follow the usual path of the women of the village and settle quickly into a marriage. He was angered and saddened when, after a blazing row one night over the issue of an arranged link-up with the son of the chief of a similarly strong tribe, he discovered next morning she had run away.
A posse of tribesmen were despatched to retrieve her, but lost the young girl in the convoluted alleyways of Cairo.
Using her wits, charm, and a bag of gold that was supposed to be her dowry, Rasa had talked herself on board a ship. She eventually found herself in Portsmouth, where a travelling band of actors led by a large, generous chap with a booming voice recognised her beauty and talent, took her into the fold, taught her the language, and trained her to perform.
Now, here she was in a London park, being romanced by the new shining star of the literary world - although some of his words were stretching her skills of comprehension.
“Scholarship?” said Rasa quizzically. “A ship full of scholars? You surely mean sailors? I do not understand.”
Marlowe laughed, the laugh of someone gladly in love. He pointed to a seat under a large oak tree, and they walked over and sat down. “It means that they pay for my education, for me to be a scholar, instead of my father having to pay.”
“This is good?” said Rasa.
“It is good, in some ways. My father would never have been able to pay the fees at school, thus allowing me to go on to Cambridge. But it can be difficult in other ways.”
“How so?” Rasa said, angling her beautiful face to one side.
“It is not easy being a scholarship boy,” said Marlowe. “All the other students have noble or wealthy parents who have no problem in paying - at least, they make out that they don’t.”
“And?”
“They can smell a scholarship boy a mile away.”
“Smell?”
“They don’t have to be told. They just know.”
“So, what do they do, these boys with the very good smelling noses?”
Marlowe burst into laughter. He stood up and dropped to his knees before the African goddess and took her hands. “Oh, Rasa, Rasa, you make me so happy,” he said. “You have such a wonderful view on life. It is … unique.”
There was silence as they looked into each other’s eyes.
Marlowe cleared his throat and continued. “Well, what I mean is, they can sense who you are, just as your father can no doubt sense whether a person riding across the distant hills is an enemy or a friend. They know from the cut of your clothes, the words you use, the body movements you make, even the way you hold your head.”
Rasa flicked her head back.
“I hold my head up high,” she said.
“Exactly,” said Marlowe, “as we should, my love. As we all should.”
“So?”
“So, they make life hard for you. They talk behind your back, they sneer at you, they set you up for pranks, they ensure you get the blame for anything that goes wrong. One day they will pretend to be your friend, and the next day they are cutting you off at the knees.”
“In Nubia, my father would have such a person cut off at the neck.”
“Er, yes, well,” said Marlowe with a wry grin. “I can think of a couple of people who probably deserved that treatment. However, that’s not the way we respond here in England.”
“How do you, then?”
“We take it on the chin, never complain, and get on with life - do something better than any of them could ever hope to do. Say to them, ‘There you are, you swine, take that!’”
“And that is why you write the plays - to prove the point.”
“Partly, yes,” said Marlowe. “And also to make comment on our society, on our history, on the world and its characters and their foibles.”
“Foibles?” said Rasa slowly, trying to get her mouth around the word. “What is foibles?”
“Weaknesses,” said Marlowe.
There was silence. Marlowe clasped one of Rasa’s hands with his left hand, and rubbed the back of it with his right.
“Do you have these foibles, Christopher? Weaknesses?” she said finally.
Marlowe was taken aback. He knew Rasa was bright, intelligent, and forthright, but did not think she was as upfront as this. He looked down at their clasped hands and then looked up again, past the magnificent bosom, into the coal black eyes of the beautiful face with the high cheekbones. The eyes were drilling right through him.
“Rasa, you will probably start hearing many things about me,” he said.
“That you are a spy? That you are, how do they say it, a Free Thinker? That you may even be Catholic?”
Marlowe let go her hand and drew back. “You have heard these things already?”
“Christopher, we have travelled all over London promoting the two Tamburlaines. I see lots of people, hear lots of things. It is often murmured in the crowd. ‘A play by Marlowe?’ they say. ‘Isn’t he a spy?’”
“Well, I … ah …”
“Well?” said Rasa, leaning forward, “is the Christopher Marlowe kneeling before me a spy or not?”
“I have done some work for her Majesty, yes,” he said.
“Are you a Catholic?”
“Er, no, that is not entirely right. Although the concept of Catholicism does not daunt me. I like to explore all the options.”
“So are you a Free Thinker?”
“Of course! The scholarship boy had to seek some way out, find something new, hitch his star to fresh thoughts, in order to leap over his ennobled, wealthy tormentors and prove his worth for ever and ever.”
Rasa leaned forward and took his hands.
“And do you love women?” she said evenly.
Marlowe stared blankly at her, and whispered quietly. “I know I love you.”
There was another long silence, as they calmly stared at each other.
“Tell me about your spying,” she said ultimately.
“There’s not much to say, really.”
“Not much to say! They say on the streets that you left Cambridge and went over to France.”
“To Rheims, yes.”
“Where there was a French Catholic plot being put together to kill your Queen, what is her name again?”
“Elizabeth.”
“Yes, Elizabeth. Some say that you …”
“ … became a Catholic and joined the Papist plot, the Babington plot they called it.”
“Yes! That is what they say.”
“But that is not true.”
“What is the truth?”
“All I can say is that I was there, I did what I knew was right, that because of my help, the plot did not eventuate, and that her Majesty wrote to my teachers at Cambridge to say that I had done an excellent job and should be praised and not castigated. Ultimately, I got my degree.”
“This is very good work for a Free Thinker.”
“Sshhh,” said Marlowe, looking around the park. “Of all things, don’t say that loudly.”
“What is wrong with it? It is a good thing, is it not? We should all be free to think, that is why I ran away from my father and his old-fashioned rules.”
“Yes, but it is a phrase that can be easily misinterpreted.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Twisted around. Used against you. To make you to look evil. For example, they link Free Thinking with heresy and the worship of the wrong God.”
“You have your God; we, in the desert, have ours. What is wrong with that?”
“Ah, if it was only as simple as that, my beauty. If only it was that simple.”
They held hands and talked more, about his student life, his passion for writing, and his important backing by Sir Thomas Walsingham - all the while ignoring the stares of passers-by, shocked by the sight of the handsome young man sitting with the strikingly beautiful black woman.
As evening drew, and they felt they were safe, they strolled beyond the park into a wooded area and came across a small hideaway, obviously used at different times by poachers. It was like a cave, made of branches and brush, with a flat dry floor, on which Marlowe laid his cape dutifully and stepped back.
“Now,” said Rasa, “let us see if the men of England are as good the promise they state so loudly in the street!”
While Marlowe struggled with the buttons on his doublet, Rasa, the skilled entertainer, wriggled quickly out of her dress and fashionable silk stockings. In the darkness, by the light of a sliver of moon, Marlowe could see her perfect teeth shining, and the dappled rays on the ebony skin of her shoulders and breasts.
“One thing for sure,” she added, as Marlowe finally got his doublet and shirt off, “is that they are very slow off the mark.” She dropped to her knees, grabbed his trousers and pulled them down with one swift movement. “Hmmm,” continued the voice, “but at least there is enough of a weapon in here to carry out the threat …”
And there, in a small hideaway in a park, the rising star of English theatre stood, his head thrown back in delight, his shuddering body and soul in complete control of the beauty from the Nubian desert.
He often felt later that perhaps he should have written down his recollections of that wondrous night. But he was scared that such a revealing document might fall into the wrong hands.
In these difficult times, when notation of anything personal that ran against the norm was tantamount to signing your own death warrant, what would the spies, informers and the Court of Star Chamber make of such a personal narrative?
A document that outlined how this sensuous woman had taken him and swamped him with her love – three times! – as they lay on the cape. How they fell asleep exhausted. How they awoke early morning, naked and in love.
Fortunately, Marlowe resisted the temptation to write all this down.
Rather, inspired by the events of the night, and his complete and utter falling for Rasa, he concentrated on writing his plays.
He wrote at a prodigious rate, the words flowing from the pen as quickly and powerfully as the life force had poured out of him time and time again that night in the park.
His hands grasped for the ink and paper at every opportunity. The only exceptions were either when Rasa flashed those beautiful eyes at him and it was time again to enhance their commitment, or the opportunity came to have a drink at the inn with Kyd and his friends.
Indeed, it was a drunken Kyd who inspired, or rather, goaded Marlowe into his next play.
“I will admit,” said Kyd one evening as they sat in the noisy tavern of Percy Fletcher’s, “I will admit, Christopher, that Tamburlaine has been a great success for you, and I drink to that.”
“Thank you, Thomas. Thank you,” said Marlowe raising his glass. “Let us drink to both versions, in fact.”
“Oh, yes, how could I not forget, Parts One and Two!” replied Kyd with just a hint of jealousy. “Between your brilliant words, the amazing promotion of Mr Shakespeare, and the fantastic tits of your girlfriend …”
“Steady, Thomas, steady.”
“Let’s face it, Christopher, her magnificently-proportioned body being paraded around the streets had a not inconsiderable impact on ticket sales to a play about some old geezer long since dead, did it not?”
“It helped. But what’s your point?”
“My point is, oh mighty shooting star of the London literary firmament - not that that means much, seeing as anyone with any brains, education or breeding dismisses what we do as roughhouse ramblings for the lowest common denominator - my point is …”
“What we do?” laughed Marlowe. “Did I hear you say what we do? I haven’t seen too many works of Thomas Kyd The Wonder Writer up on the London stage as yet.”
“It’s coming, it’s coming,” said Kyd with a wave of the hand. “You know I have a play on the way. It’s coming, and when it gets there, it will astound the world.”
“So, my dear writer friend, what is your point?”
“My point is, Christopher, Tamburlaine was about a Turkish potentate who’s been in the grave for two hundred years! Come on, Mr Author. This is 1588, the world is changing, you even say that yourself. Indeed, you are one of the ones dreaming up the changes. Write something about events that are happening now, I dare you.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know. You’re the playwright, the star.”
“Yes, yes, the shooting star of the London literary firmament, I know, I take your point.”
Marlowe slumped back in his seat. He didn’t like what Kyd was saying. But throughout their friendship - and it was a friendship that had stuck, despite Thomas’ mood swings and flashes of jealousy - Kyd had an unerring, annoying ability to point to the weaknesses in Christopher’s approach to life.
And now he was right again.
It is true, Marlowe thought to himself. What have I done? Translated old Latin poems. Written plays about people long since buried and gone to their God, whoever he is.
The pair sat in silence, Kyd sipping his ale and Marlowe staring into the middle distance, not even taking notice of the performance on stage, involving strongman Samuel Davidson displaying his newfound skills as a juggler.
Juggling Soho, that is.
The crowd roared as the big man threw the little gargoyle up in the air and caught him, whirled him around, and, using a leather contrivance that Shakespeare and Mr Mullins had devised, bouncing him like a ball. The noise was so deafening that Marlowe had to strain when Will came over and began talking in his ear.
“Did you hear the news?” Shakespeare said.
“News, what news?”
“Your friend Raleigh has had a bit of a result. The ships he provided have been at the forefront of the battle with the Spanish.”
“The Spanish?”
“The criers were out, spreading the news all afternoon. The message just came through. Their armada finally turned up to hand us the defeat they have been threatening us with all these years.”
“Armada?”
“Hundreds of boats, packed with men and cannon, ready to do their duty for their Catholic king and crush us so-called Protestant infidels. But now they lie in a watery grave off Portsmouth.”
“We won?”
“Many of them were wiped out by a storm, but Drake finished them off. Mr Budsby is going to get up on stage at the end of this act and announce the news. Hang around - he might even put on a few free drinks.
“Wait, Christopher, where are you going?”
This last sentence blurted quickly from Shakespeare’s lips, for no sooner had he outlined in loose terms the English defeat of the Spanish Armada, than Marlowe was up onto his feet, grabbing his hat and heading for the door.
“Yes, where are you off to?” Kyd said, suddenly turning after him, and realising his drinking partner was leaving him.
Marlowe came back, leaned down close to Kyd’s face, and said firmly, “To write, Thomas, to write …”

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

The words flowed quickly, in the freewheeling verse style that came naturally to him.
Staying away from Rasa and avoiding the taverns, Marlowe rapidly put the dialogue, scenes and characters down on the cheap paper, driven by Kyd’s taunts and anxious to prove to everyone that he was more than a re-writer of ancient history. Inspired by the events that had shook the world, there appeared before him on the pages a play about the defeat of the Spanish Armada by the English, titled Edward the Third.
When Shakespeare and Budsby sensationally promoted it - by converting the sedan chair into a galleon and having the entire troupe dress up as Spanish and English sailors and portray a mock sea-battle in the streets, complete with Rasa as a near-naked nautical nymph - he knew he was on the road to success.
And when the Lord Admiral’s Men, including the new developing actor, William Shakespeare himself, did such a sterling job on stage with it, drawing magnificent applause, he felt he was on the verge of greatness.
As a follow-up, he extended Edward the Third into Arden of Faversham - again, more contemporary history - and the sound of hearty clapping thundered throughout the city after every performance.
It inspired him to begin work on a new piece, Henry VI, a visionary work about French and English relationships, and which he felt would work in three parts.
“Any questions, Thomas?” Marlowe said one night in Kyd’s poky little south London garret, stacked untidily to the ceiling with papers, drafts, files and books.
“None that I can think of,” replied Kyd, sitting gloomily at the tiny, scratched oak desk.
“Any comments, then?” said Marlowe, idly pulling a sheet of paper from the pile nearest him and glancing through it.
“About what?” said Kyd, snatching the paper from him. “And I would appreciate it if you would not to read my material, thank you very much!”
“About my work. Any comments about my work?”
“Nothing, except that you have stolen my Spanish idea!”
“Stolen!”
“I have been quietly working on a Spanish piece - The Spanish Tragedy - for months, and now you have stolen my thunder, if my not my words, with this Armada stuff.”
Marlowe looked puzzled. “Stolen? Thomas, I knew nothing about your work. Besides, it was you that inspired me to write something contemporary. You should be pleased.”
“Pleased? Huh! Now I have to re-think my whole play.”
“It doesn’t matter, Thomas. By the time your epic comes out, mine will be totally forgotten. That’s the thing about plays. We write them, the people have a look at them, we raise either the ire or the support of a few nobles, and then they are forgotten until we can persuade some money-seeking printer to publish them.”
Kyd turned to him. “I agree with you, Christopher.”
“You agree with me? On which aspect?”
“That your Armada play will be soon forgotten!”
“Oh, thank you very much.”
“However, mine will be such a masterpiece and such a bloodthirsty saga, that all that has gone before it will be erased from people’s memories, and it will live on forever. You know, Christopher,” Kyd went on, leaning forward with eyes sparkling, “I’m thinking that no one will be left standing alive on stage. Just imagine, all my characters will be killed off!”
Marlowe smiled. At least when Thomas was talking about his own writing, the jealousy and surliness went out of his voice, replaced by an almost child-like enthusiasm.
“I’m sure it will be great, Thomas. It will be brilliant. But if they are all killed, there’s no chance of The Spanish Tragedy, Part Two, hey?” He clapped Kyd on the shoulder, and the friends burst into laughter, a laugh so loud that the vibrations caused a pile of papers in the corner to topple over, making them giggle even more.
“My God,” said Marlowe, tears of mirth streaming down his cheeks as the papers spilled at his feet, “you must clean this place up, Thomas. How can you ever find anything? It looks like a third-rate Turkish brothel.”
“And you would know!” said Kyd. And they laughed the laugh of friends again, so loudly that, at first, the knock on the door went unheard.
But, the second time, when it was repeated loud enough to cut through their cackling, Kyd raised one hand and said “Ssshhh”.
The third time, when the pounding on the door could well have been heard north of the river, Kyd got up, took the small candle with him, and walked the four paces across the tiny room to the door. “Who on earth could that be?”
He swung the door open, and to his surprise, found no one there.
He turned back into the room, shut the door, and shrugged.
And Marlowe would reflect later that, from that seemingly innocuous point on, he and Thomas Kyd never really laughed heartily together again.
The mysterious beating on the door at Kyd’s tiny garret was just the beginning.
The same thing happened at Marlowe’s own little London rooms that Sir Thomas had rented for him - there would be a knock, but no one there when he opened the door.
Before long, the pressure began to build.
Marlowe began to get the feeling he was being observed closely. Was that someone behind me? Is that a shadow? Has someone been in my room? These questions plagued him more and more over the next few weeks as the feeling he was under intense scrutiny built to almost unbearable levels.
He pitched himself into the writing of two heavy-going plays, The Jew of Malta and Doctor Faustus, both disturbing pieces about single-minded achievement of power at all costs. But not even their remarkable portrayal by the Admiral’s Men over the next months could totally alleviate the thought he was a marked man.
There was only one solution. Face the enemy. But who was the enemy?
What did the enemy want?
Was there someone around who would know who the enemy was?
He thought about this for a long time. Of course there was! He should call a meeting of the people who were in the best position to know.
A few days later, all of the troupe had gathered in the inn - Marlowe, Kyd, Shakespeare, Budsby, Soho, Mr Mullins, Rasa, Emily, Sarah, even Uncle Percy, sitting quietly in his nightshirt at the end of the table and staring into the middle distance.
But Samuel Davidson was the man Marlowe and Kyd wanted to talk to.
“The person following the pair of you is … ” said Davidson slowly. “Is … are you sure you want to know ..?”
“Of course, we want to know,” hissed Marlowe.
“Yes, yes!” said Kyd. “That is why we have come to you, Samuel. You know what is happening on the streets.”
The strongman nodded. As well as getting around town with the troupe and overhearing street-side comments, he was able to glean extra, more secretive information from his late-night journeys through the opposition taverns and inns to keep Shakespeare abreast of what was going on.
“You have attracted the attention of Mr Baines,” said Davidson evenly.
“Baines!” said Marlowe. “That awful man. The personification of snivelling evil.”
“I’m lost,” said Kyd, looking from one to the other. “Who is Baines?”
“You’ve never heard of Richard Baines?” said Davidson.
“He’s the chief observer, spy if you wish, for the Court of the Star Chamber,” added Marlowe, shaking his head.
“The Star Chamber!” said Kyd. “Torture. Hearings. Burnings! God save us.”
“I wish he could,” said Marlowe dryly.
There was silence.
“So, why is he after us?” Marlowe eventually asked.
“Not sure, Mr Marlowe,” said Davidson. But he winked imperceptibly. He knew.
And deep down in his heart, Marlowe had a fair idea, too.
Being a Free Thinker. Taking mysterious trips. Writing plays exposing weaknesses in society.
Carousing with friends in pubs, especially the troubled and troublesome Kyd …
Above all, publicly expressing love for a black woman.
All these things had their own individual risks. But added together, they had a fascinating allure about them for a man such as Baines, who made a living spying on people, wrecking their careers, and often sending them to their doom.
“So I would be very careful if I was you,” added Davidson. “Lay low. Sit tight. Don’t go anywhere.”
“But,” blurted Marlowe, “we are going to Norwich in the next day or two.”
“Norwich!” boomed Budsby. “That awful place! That’s where we lost the late lamented Hercules!”
“Norwich? That’s where we were lucky to make a handful of pennies,” said Shakespeare.
“Norwich!” said Uncle Percy suddenly. “She left me. That’s where she up and left me for!”
“Hmmm,” said Marlowe, “I take it Norwich is not a good place to visit, then?”
The group laughed as one, but the feeling of joy soon trailed off.
“Christopher,” said Budsby, rubbing the silver cap of his stick, “the only good thing that came out of Norwich for us was that we brought on board the wonderful Samuel Davidson here, who saved our lives from murderous vagabonds in the process.”
“So, Christopher,” said Shakespeare, “why must you go there?”
“There is a friend of ours up there.”
“Francis Kett,” said Kyd.
“Did I hear it right?” asked Budsby. “Same name as yours, Thomas?”
“No. It’s Kett, Mr Budsby, Kett. Not Kyd. No relation, just a friend.”
“And why are you visiting this friend?” Sarah asked.
“With supreme irony, considering we are now the subject of the attention of Mr Baines. Francis Kett is also before the Court of Star Chamber right now, as we speak.”
“Oh, my God,” said Budsby.
“That’s right,” said Kyd.
“And we would like to lend him support.”
“He’s a Free Thinker like Christopher.”
“But they are calling him an atheist.”
“An atheist?” said Shakespeare.
“Atheist,” said Percy suddenly. “The bastard who took my wife was an atheist.”
“Well,” boomed Budsby, clapping his old friend on the shoulder, “whatever comes of this, we seemed to have sparked some sort of revival within the previously shattered mind of my dear friend Percy, here!”
The group laughed again.
“We think we should at least attend the court,” said Marlowe.
“Be in the crowd,” added Kyd.
“Show him that we believe in him,” concluded Marlowe.
“Isn’t that dangerous in itself?” said Shakespeare, looking worried.
“Probably. But no doubt it would be a comfort for him if he could see some familiar faces in the crowd.”
“I’m not sure about this,” said Shakespeare.
“Nor am I,” Budsby agreed. “Nor am I, young Will.”
“Perhaps you are right,” added Kyd. “Chris, do you think we should forget it?”
Marlowe gave his friend a look to show he only needed one more push, and he would probably abandon the trip. And why not? he thought. Here it is, 1589, he is aged 25, and the world is at his feet.
“Christopher,” said Rasa suddenly, speaking up for the first time, “you must do what you think is right. And if you think your friend needs your support then you must go.”
There was a moment’s silence, as the pair wavered on their decision.
Suddenly, Percy rose to his feet and banged the table. “Norwich! Go to Norwich, young lads, and give that scoundrel that took my wife a good hiding for me!”
As the laughter rang through the empty tavern, Percy Fletcher sat down again and resumed staring into the middle distance.
“Well, there’s the solution - we have at least one mission to complete there, haven’t we?” said Marlowe.
There was burst of laughter, but it soon trailed off.
The next morning, brimful of confidence, the pair of young writers sat on the coach heading north-east.
A week later they returned to the tavern, wondering why they had bothered to make the journey, so little was the contribution they had made.
They failed to come across Mrs Fletcher and her lover in Norwich, and had spent most of the time sitting helplessly in the Court of the Star Chamber, watching their friend be sent to his pre-ordained fate.
“The lies presented against Francis Kett were overwhelming, the decision transparently pre-prepared, and any defence cynically rejected,” Marlowe gloomily told the assembled group when they returned. “And the burning at the stake itself! These two bumbling fools assigned the task could not even get the fire going properly.”
“And,” added Kyd, “a would-be comedian kept amusing the crowd. People laughed when he said things like, ‘Come on, get it going, we’re freezing over here!’”
Budsby shook his head. “The callousness of some people still amazes me.”
Kyd, his eyes still rimmed with red from crying, took a deep breath and continued. “When Francis screamed from the stake ‘I am not an atheist,’ and the crowd yelled in glee, we had to look away.”
There was silence as the group pondered the horrific scene.
Budsby held his finger to his mouth, and pointed to the corner.
There, sitting on the chair, was Soho, his twisted body hunched over, the silent tears tumbling down his cheeks.
“And, Mr Davidson,” added Marlowe, changing the direction of the conversation, “you were right.”
“I was?”
“Yes, indeed. Richard Baines was there, following us, as you predicted.”
“He’s a dangerous man, a hard man to get rid of once he goes after you,” said Davidson. “He would love to get you up before the Court of the Star Chamber. He’s one of their chief informants. I think you and Thomas should stay out of the public eye for a while.”
“Don’t worry,” said Kyd, brightening up. “Christopher certainly made a good attempt to drive him off.”
“I got him so angry that he turned on me and said, ‘I hate your type, Marlowe’. He said he loathed university scholars and writers.”
“How did you get him to that point?” asked William.
“I inferred …” said Christopher.
“… you didn’t infer,” interjected Kyd, “you said it.”
“I suggested that he might not have had the intellectual capacity to understand what I write. Or for that matter, to be able to even read what I write!”
“And did he leave it at that?” interjected William.
“No, he glared at me and said, ‘Let’s hope your words will not one day engineer your own death, Mr Marlowe.’”
“So, what did you say?” said William.
“I said, ‘Engineer my own death? Now there’s a thought, Mr Baines …’”
The group laughed.
Soho continued his silent sobbing.
And William stared quietly out the window.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Two days after he had returned from Norwich, Christopher Marlowe’s worst fears about his future were confirmed when Sir Thomas Walsingham arrived unannounced at Percy Fletcher’s Inn early in the morning.
“Can we speak?” he said to Budsby and Shakespeare. “It is important. Please get Master Marlowe down from his love-nest. I gather these days his bed at his little abode is usually cold, and he finds warmer lodgings upstairs.”
Walsingham, the master-spy himself, was, as usual, correct. Marlowe had become so infatuated with Rasa that sometimes he slept in the tiny bed with her in the small cubicle next to Sarah’s.
William called Christopher down, and along with Budsby and Soho - after Sir Thomas was assured the diminutive gargoyle would be the epitome of discretion - the five men went into one of the two small changing rooms that stood at each side of the stage.
Walsingham took one more peek out the door, and then shut it firmly.
“Gentlemen, I am afraid we have a problem,” he said gravely. “Christopher, you are, as they say, very visible at the moment.”
“Sir Thomas, my work makes me that way.”
“You work is exceptional, young man. It is brilliant. But it attracts the attention of people whose minds are closed. And you have certainly attracted it with your, how shall we call it, performance at Norwich.”
“I couldn’t help it, Sir Thomas. Our friend was being burned alive, and there was that evil weasel Baines, lurking around the back, gloating.”
“He was not only gloating, he was observing you, as part of ...”
“Part of what?”
“A total examination of many facets.”
“Such as?”
“Your relationship with Kyd, who seems to be hell-bent on being a like-minded rabble-rouser. Your friendship with Raleigh, a kingpin among the Free Thinkers, and those strange gatherings you have at, what is it, the School of the Night? Your thoughts, views and attitudes that do not necessarily run in tandem with the general consensus. Not to mention …”
“Not to mention what?” said Marlowe leaning forward.
“Your, ahem, friendship with … with …”
“You mean, Sir Thomas, because I am in love with Rasa, a person of a different colour, they think I am dangerous.”
“Christopher, you know how it is. These things can be misconstrued, misinterpreted. Perhaps if you were a little more, shall we say, discreet?”
“Oh, I’m supposed to hide it, am I? Not show my love in public? Pretend Rasa doesn’t exist?” Marlowe stood up and thumped the table. “I don’t need to hide. The scholarship boy is standing on his own two feet this time. I love Rasa and I am prepared to show everyone.”
“The trip to Norwich was not wise,” said Walsingham firmly. “Perhaps you could ease back on the plays, take a break. If your name was not in the public eye for a while, all this might blow over, Baines might get off your tail.”
“Never! I’m writing well. These things have to be said. And now is the time.”
Walsingham was not to be put off. “For example, Christopher, the new work you have just finished, Henry VI. I believe we should hold it back for the moment.”
“Hold it back!” shouted Marlowe. “Hold it back? No! Never. It is an important work, it is about the French and their relationship with us, it must come out now! Now, now, now! It must be staged at all costs. I don’t care how. At all costs.”
“Christopher, please.” said Walsingham.
“At any cost!” repeated Marlowe, banging the table again.
“Then,” came a rumbling voice from the end of the table, “perhaps I have the solution.”
The others turned as Budsby, nodding discreetly to Shakespeare, rose to his feet.
“If the play must go on,” said Budsby slowly, “and I agree with you Christopher, now is the time for it to be performed, then, to take the pressure off you, perhaps we should ascribe it to someone else?”
Walsingham stared for a moment then began to nod slowly. Marlowe calmed down, returned to his seat, and began staring at the table.
“Put it out in another name?” said Walsingham eventually. “Not bad. Not a bad idea at all. What do you think, Christopher?”
Marlowe sullenly waved him away. “I don’t care what you do, as long as it is aired, that is the important thing.”
“Well,” said Budsby, “if we agree on that, who better to ascribe the play to, then, than a man who is acting in it, a man who is going to promote it, a man, young Master Marlowe, who is your kindred spirit?”
And placing a hand on the shoulder of his beloved young protégé from Stratford, Budsby intoned warmly, “Gentlemen, let me present to you, the author of Henry VI, Mr William Shakespeare …”
There was silence, followed by a small gasp from Shakespeare.
Catching the spirit, Walsingham began to slowly applaud, followed by Budsby, Soho adding to the response by banging on the table with his fists.
“Brilliant,” said Marlowe, applauding, and then standing up and shaking his kindred spirit’s hand. “Brilliant. I could think of no better man to carry my words than William Shakespeare.”
But when the applause died down, the old man could tell by the frown on Shakespeare’s face that he still had a bit of convincing to do.
“Will, Will,” Budsby said kindly, “perhaps we might have a word in private?” Shakespeare looked up, still stunned, and nodded.
“If you will excuse us for a moment, gentlemen,” said Budsby. “I need to talk to my young friend here.”
Placing a hand on Shakespeare’s shoulder, he took him outside and across to the change-room at the other side of the stage, and shut the door.
The old man turned to Shakespeare. “Will, Will, don’t look so worried.”
“Mr Budsby,” said Shakespeare, his brown eyes opening wide, “I nearly fell off my chair when you said that Christopher’s plays should go out under my name!”
“Think nothing of it, my boy. It is the obvious solution.”
“Maybe Mr Budsby, maybe. But you know I’m no writer!”
“You are a man of the theatre, young Will, and that is the heart of the matter. For example, you are an actor, are you not?”
“Yes, but even then, it takes all my skills to recite what I have to say. You appreciate as well as I do, Mr Budsby, that with my limited schooling, I have to get the others to read it out to me so that I can memorise it.”
“There you are. Another example of your great ability to adapt to a situation,” said Budsby enthusiastically. “And, talking of adapting, do you not help your fellow actors to adjust their technique to maximise their opportunities?”
“That is true, Mr Budsby, but …”
“But me no buts, William, no ifs. For example, via your sage counsel, did you not help Viktor The Supreme become the most appreciated wirewalker the country has ever witnessed?”
“Yes,” said Shakespeare slowly.
“Well, then, I have similarly seen you at rehearsal assisting actors with hints and tips that turn their otherwise potentially pedestrian performances into stage triumphs.”
“I guess so.”
“There is no guessing about it at all, young Master Shakespeare. And what about your promotional skills?”
“Well, I try my best.”
“Try your best! Christopher will readily admit he is indebted to the immense interest you have developed in his works with your brilliant schemes. Why, as we speak, the good citizens of London are standing in the streets agog with anticipation at seeing what next astounding promotional device from the fertile imagination of William Shakespeare will wheel around the corner.”
There was silence as Shakespeare began fingering one of the costumes hanging in the change-room racks and conjuring up all manner of devices to stop himself from blushing.
“Will, Will,” said Budsby, leaning forward and putting his hand on Shakespeare’s shoulder. “You are imbued with the spirit of the great god, Entertainer. It was lying dormant when we first met by that cold stream outside Stratford. But it has flourished, nay, blossomed into a most enviable talent of astonishing proportions, and I am thrilled to have witnessed and perhaps played a small part in its evolution.”
“I owe you everything, Mr Budsby. Everything.”
“Balderdash,” said Budsby, the big voice reverberating around the tiny room. “We’ve been good for each other.”
“But what about Christopher?” Shakespeare said, still looking concerned. “It will look like I am stealing his material.”
“Oh, don’t worry about Chris. He’s smart enough to know that this will ensure his plays at least get an airing. And despite all the bravado, he’s scared enough to appreciate right now that if he doesn’t pull his head in, then someone might chop it off.”
“Do you really think that could happen to him?”
“These are strange times,” said Budsby evenly. “If a former Queen of the country can be beheaded, anyone can.”
“But Mary burned people at the stake. Christopher just …”
“ … burns people with his words!”
The two looked at each other and let out a hearty laugh, but then fell silent, as they considered the implications.
“I guess,” said Shakespeare finally, “he has to be careful for a while.”
“Absolutely,” said Budsby with assurance. “He needs to sail a straight, tight course at the moment. I will have a chat with Walsingham later. When things calm down we might put a play out in Chris’ own name, simply to keep the public aware of him, but not to attract too much attention from the wrong quarters.”
“So, he won’t disappear, as such?”
“No, no, no. And he will continue to get paid. Besides, William, as you and I well know, at the end of the day, most of the paying customers who come and see these plays can’t even read the author’s name on the handbill. They really don’t care who writes it as long as they are amused, entertained, and thrilled - all at once, if possible.”
“True.”
“You must be able to sense that feeling when you stand up before the commencement of each play and do those brilliant introductory scene-setters that you do so well.”
“As the narrator?”
“Yes, yes. They hang off every word as you outline the time and the location and what they are about to enjoy. They are dying to have their limited imagination stretched, their earnest minds enlightened, their somewhat miserable lives enhanced, by what they are about to see and hear. Most times the authorship is the least of their concerns.”
“You are right. Mr Budsby.”
“William, when it comes to entertainment, you are a natural. And it is only natural that, as far as the public is concerned, you are the man who covers all the bases, the man that pulls the show together. As they say, ‘another Shakespeare production’.”
William let this sink in for a moment.
“But what about Sarah?”
“Best that she not be told,” said Budsby gravely. “Let her find out in her own good time.”
“But how can I hide such a huge deceit from her?”
“William, William, did we not just conclude that you are the consummate theatre man? The ultimate actor? You will do that with ease.”
Shakespeare let go of the garment, and began nodding. He was almost ready to accept this added enhancement of his role that was being put to him so persuasively by his guide and mentor.
In turn, the big fellow could see his selling job was all but done. But he could also sense the young man needed just a little more support. Having lit the fire of affirmation, his experienced nostrils could smell the smoke from a few remaining embers of concern, and he moved quickly to extinguish them.
“And don’t forget, Will,” he said, leaning forward conspiratorially, “when he is not writing, Christopher’s mind is, um, let us say, elsewhere.”
“You mean Rasa.”
“To be frank, young Will, when he is in a state of heightened conjugality with his young dark lady from the African desert, I don’t think Christopher Marlowe could give a bugger what happens to his words.”
He let out the laugh, the big laugh, and clapped Shakespeare on the shoulder.
That was it. No more needed to be said. The pair turned to each other, and, as they did on that day when they first met four years earlier, shook hands and smiled.
Budsby leaned over, pulled up the crude latch on the door, and the pair re-entered the stage and walked across to the second changing room, where Marlowe was sitting with his feet on the table, and Walsingham was moodily staring at Soho who was trying on a series of hats he had found in a box on the floor.
“It is done?” said Walsingham, looking relieved.
“It is done,” boomed Budsby.
“Good work, Mr Budsby,” said Walsingham, rubbing his hands and showing just a flicker of a smile, “good work.”
Then the face of the master-spy grew serious. “However, there is another aspect of this that I wish to discuss.”
“And what is that?” said Shakespeare, as he resumed his chair.
“Mr Shakespeare,” said Walsingham gravely, “following your agreement to assume the responsibility of authorship of Mr Marlowe’s plays, I want you to now agree - verbally, but binding you absolutely - to a clear outline of your tasks and an arrangement for the distribution of any profits engendered.”
“Certainly, Sir Thomas. And how will that work?”
“Considering your rapidly developing theatrical skills …”
“He’s the best, the absolute best,” interjected Budsby.
“Precisely,” said Walsingham. “You will produce the plays, liaise with the Admiral’s Men, sort out the cast, and direct them.
“Right.”
“You will continue your excellent promotional campaigns with your learned colleague, Mr Budsby here.”
“I’m happy with that.”
“And you may even find some time to be the narrator or play a role or two yourself,” Walsingham added, with a glimmer of a smile.
“Excellent,” said Budsby. “He is God’s gift to theatre.”
“In that context,” continued Walsingham, “having the script ascribed to you looks perfectly reasonable.”
“Yes,” said Shakespeare, “Mr Budsby has finally convinced me of that.”
“In turn,” said Walsingham, “you will be suitably rewarded for your endeavours, Mr Shakespeare. As will Mr Budsby.”
“Ah-ha,” chirped Budsby, “do I hear the discussion turn toward that most favourable of subjects - the glorious tinkle of the coin of the realm filling up one’s pockets. How will we be paid? Shall we simply take our share out of the ticket sales?”
“Let me make it clear, gentlemen,” said Walsingham firmly. “All monies for the shows will come directly under my province.”
“Of course,” said Budsby, the smile leaving his face. “I should have realised.”
“They will be collected, counted and distributed to those concerned by the Lord Chamberlain’s Department - of which you know, of course, that the some-time poet, court favourite and traveller Edward de Vere is the Lord Chamberlain,”
“We’ve had him here up on our stage,” interjected Samuel Davidson. “I was nearly going to throw him off.”
“Yes, well,” continued Walsingham. “And you know, too, that his finance manager is his father-in-law, Lord Burghley, who I believe you have also had dealings with.”
“Indeed,” added Shakespeare, “we pay our rent to him for this place.”
“In advance,” said Budsby. “In advance.”
“In advance, hey? Well done,” said Walsingham. “I like to see men in control of their own destiny. But,” he added, moving forward and staring directly into Shakespeare’s eyes, “receiving such glorious public acclaim and healthy financial rewards, Mr Shakespeare, brings with it other responsibilities.”
“How is that?” said Shakespeare, staring back into the steely eyes.
“We live in difficult times, Mr Shakespeare, difficult times. Let any slips of your tongue be on the stage, sir, where they can be remedied, and not on the street, where they are irretrievable and can cause monstrous harm.”
“I would not dare otherwise, Sir Thomas.”
“I know you won’t, and I will tell you why, young Will. And I will tell all here gathered at this table right now. If you break your agreement, or broadcast any details to any other person about any aspect of this agreement, I predict an early and rather discomfiting demise for you, Mr Shakespeare … and anyone associated with you.”
Grabbing his hat from the table, Walsingham gave a little bow and snapped, “I hope we all understand … good-day to you, gentlemen. Come Christopher.” He turned on his heel, and walked out without saying another word, leaving Shakespeare and the others looking stunned and his aging mentor mopping his brow.
Marlowe got up slowly, bowed to the others, and headed quickly out the door.
“Best we do what he says, young Will,” said Budsby after a few seconds. “Best we all do what he says.”

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

“How does he keep it up, then?”
The question shot at Sarah across the kitchen, and she unsuccessfully tried all the tactics she knew to stop herself from blushing.
The woman who had thrown the query stared across from scrubbing the big pot in which she daily cooked the inn’s popular soup. Spotting the sea of vermilion flooding through the young woman’s pretty cheeks, she let out a hearty chuckle.
“Sarah Fletcher,” laughed Margaret, “it is three years now since we stood in this very kitchen and I told you the facts of life.”
“Well, I remember you told me one fact,” said Sarah, regaining her composure, and letting out a little laugh. “And that was to show Will some ankle,”
“I had to start somewhere,” said Margaret, putting the pot down. “No one else had given you much guidance.”
“My mother never really recovered from the shock of my father’s death,” said Sarah suddenly turning sombre. “She made sure we finished our schooling, but hardly talked to us girls about anything from then on, much less about, ah, you know.”
“Don’t tell me about ‘you-know’, young lady. Yet here we are, all this time later, and lord knows what you’ve been up to with your Master Shakespeare, but you still blush at the slightest mention of anything to do with loving a man.”
“I can’t help it, Margaret, that’s the way I am.”
“The funny thing is,” said the older woman, drying her sinewy hands and walking around the table to where Sarah was cutting up some vegetables, “and you might find this somewhat surprising, but even though getting a man into a bed is one of my specialities, I was not talking about the ‘you-know’ on this occasion!”
“No?”
“No. What I said was, how does he keep it up? That is, how does William keep writing all them plays, all the time? He’s the toast of the town. There’s been a new one out every few months now for nigh on three years!”
“Oh,” said Sarah, “you mean that!”
“Yes. That.”
“Well, it’s … it’s hard to explain.”
“Try me.”
“I guess you could say he’s a miracle-worker,” said Sarah, evenly.
“How’s that?” Margaret’s eyes narrowed.
“Well, he goes into that little room at the end of the corridor, locks himself away for hours on end, and scratches around.”
“Scratches?”
“Scratches. He scrawls away in a most abominable hand - I have seen some of the bits of paper he has thrown out - and comes and goes, and looks worried, and goes back and does a bit more. And then …”
“And then?”
“After weeks of this, suddenly, he emerges from the room, holding the script aloft, shouting, ‘It is done, my sweet, it is done.’”
“And you reply, ‘Now we can all get some sleep!’” said Margaret, bursting into laughter.
“Just about,” laughed Sarah. “It’s such a relief when it is complete. It all seems to come together at the last moment - somehow.”
And from Sarah’s innocent perspective, that was pretty much how things had happened. From random scratchings there suddenly came a final, wonderful product.
What she did not know was that in the three years since Mr Budsby’s secret authorship plan had been hatched, William’s acting skills and patience had been stretched to the limit as he filled out ‘writing’ time, pretending to be the author.
“Hours on end, I spend in that bloody room,” he snarled at Budsby one day. “Hours! Scratching away at paper with my barely legible hand, fingering through books that I can hardly read, or staring out the window, or wandering through parks giving the impression I am pondering a major structural change, or inhabiting libraries in the pretence that I am doing research. On and on it goes.”
‘Ah, but my boy, you do it with such skill - no one is the wiser,” the big fellow replied jauntily. “And think of the rewards.”
The relief would come when one morning William would enter the room to find a parcel on the table - a packet containing the latest Marlowe script, discreetly dropped there overnight by a Walsingham agent well trained in the art of getting in and out of a home and achieving a task, whatever that may be, without disturbing its occupants.
The next steps always followed a similar routine.
After waiting a suitable hour or two, Will would triumphantly march down the corridor, holding the script aloft, shouting, ‘It is done, my sweet, it is done.’ He would get Sarah to read it, say to her, ‘And which part do you think I should play, my love?’ and then head off to book a theatre, assemble a cast, organise rehearsals, and dream up yet another bizarre promotional escapade.
Inevitably the play would be a success, and then the whole process would start again - Will anxiously waiting for the next work to flow from Marlowe, who in turn was writing feverishly away, either while lying low at Sir Thomas Walsingham’s castle in Surrey or while travelling overseas.
So successful had been Henry VI, that Marlowe had adopted his Tamburlaine technique, declaring to Shakespeare that it was the “first part only, Will, just the first part”. He promptly churned out Henry VI, Part 2 and Henry VI, Part 3. He had sated his fascination with the Lancaster dynasty’s control of England with Richard III, a similarly strident, bloodthirsty play.
Historically, this had brought him up to the ascension of King Henry VII, the first monarch of the House of Tudor - of which, Walsingham pointed out sternly to him, Queen Elizabeth was a member, and that, “Maybe it would be politically and strategically prudent, young man, to explore other avenues.”
Marlowe had responded by looking to foreign shores for inspiration, and Titus Andronicus, A Comedy of Errors and The Taming of the Shrew had flowed from his pen. Under Shakespeare’s name, the plays had thrilled audiences with their wit, their style, and their incisive view on life in Italy.
“How does he develop these locations so well?” Shakespeare said to Budsby one day when Two Gentlemen of Verona was finished. “He goes into so much detail!”
“Will, Will,” said Budsby. “Do you not recollect the times, for example, we used to visit the little seaside town of Brighton with our inspired group of players ready to thrill the good citizenry with our skills?”
“Yes,” said Shakespeare, looking puzzled.
“Well?”
“Well, what?”
“Well, for example, what is sited at the northern end of the town square?”
“The farrier.”
“Named?”
“Horsborough.”
“Exactly. Remember how we used to laugh over the irony that a man whose role in life was to fit a shoe on the hoof of a fine equine specimen was named Horsborough?”
“Yes.”
“And what is at the other end of the square?”
‘The fruit seller with one eye who polishes his apples by spitting on them and rubbing them with a cloth.”
“There you go. Detail! Detail that sticks in your memory. Detail including the fact that …”
“ … once we heard how he kept his apples so shiny we never purchased any from him again, not even for the horses.”
“And that is Christopher’s skill, William. He is a well-read, worldly-wise, much-travelled young man, who employs his remarkable eye for detail - detail which materialises so beautifully in his works.”
“I wish that were me,” said Shakespeare forlornly.
“William, William. You have other talents, great talents. As a producer, there is none better. As an actor, as good as the best. And as a partner to Sarah, unequalled.”
For Sarah, it had been a strange three years, not only for the rather unusual writing episodes, but also for an unsettling element in William’s relationship with her. They did make love. In her tiny, cramped room, it was always a joyous, celebratory style of love made even more wonderful by the snorts of laughter that erupted when they rolled off the narrow cot and crashed onto the wooden floor. Followed by hands being held over each other’s mouths to deaden the giggling and not wake up Uncle Percy in the room next door.
Yes, they were in love. She, taken by his dedication to flourish under the guidance of Mr Budsby, his ability to amuse her with his acting skills, his tenderness in their moments together. He, besotted with her beauty, her naivety, her capacity to manage the day-to-day operations of the inn, and the glorious way she melted in his arms.
They were indeed a couple meant for each other.
But.
But. But. But.
What prevented him, even in the most tender of moments, from making the final ultimate commitment? When she would artfully manipulate the conversation around towards the topic of marriage, his eyes would glaze over, his whole body would stiffen, and he would steer the discussion away to more mundane things, make a feeble excuse, and take off for some non-existent work appointment?
Why, she used to think, won’t he marry me?
“Men, they’re all the same,” was Margaret’s reasoning. “All they want is a bit of the other, with no responsibility.”
“I don’t know, my dear,” was Budsby’s response when she delicately raised the topic. “That’s something you would have to discuss with William.”
“He’s always one for an opportunity,” was Marlowe’s view. “But sadly, he is missing out on the best opportunity of all.”
And so, the couple would fall back in to the same old regime again.
Nevertheless, for all the personal intensity behind the scenes, Budsby’s authorship scheme worked brilliantly. Any concerns he had about Christopher being upset that his words were credited to another man were assuaged one day at the Walsingham mansion, where the big fellow raised the matter with the writer.
“It’s all right, Mr Budsby,” Marlowe said. “Certainly, I am not entirely thrilled with it. But then again, as you know, I live in luxury here, and Sir Thomas lets me off the leash every now and then.”
“So I have heard.”
“You know how I enjoy going off after dark and meeting up with Raleigh and friends, and talking through the night about how the way things should be. Or having a few ales at a tavern with Kyd - but not too many, mind!”
“It concerns me when you go out,” said Budsby. “I worry what trouble might befall you.”
“Well, I like to show my face around. Enough to let people know I’m alive, but not conspicuous enough to attract the attention of people like our friend Mr Baines.”
There was silence.
“But what about when you have done all that work?” said Budsby. “Don’t you mind, that …”
“That Will is getting all the attention? No, that doesn’t worry me all that much. Look at it this way - at least I’m still alive, I’m getting paid, my ideas are being aired, and I’m out of the line of sight of the Star Chamber.”
“A good place to be,” said Budsby.
Marlowe smiled gently. “William is my friend. And besides, old Tom is starting to mellow. I said to him the other day that as I had been an especially good boy of late, maybe it was about time that I got the chance to put something out in my own name. He’s happy with that.”
Indeed, Walsingham was true to his word, and in 1592, for the first time in three years - since he had written Doctor Faustus and returned from the shattering trip to Norwich - Christopher Marlowe’s name was back on the handbills, this time as the author of Edward The Second, released, in a typically unusual numerical sequence, after his earlier Spanish Armada play, Edward The Third.
It was a critical success.
“But, alas, I see, only a moderate commercial success,” lamented Marlowe as the receipts began to come through and Walsingham handed him his author’s royalties.
“Christopher,” said Walsingham, “it was you who insisted that we use the Earl of Pembroke’s Men to portray it, instead of getting Shakespeare involved and using the Admiral’s Men as usual.”
“I just wanted to try something different - to break away from William. But now I realise this is a tougher business than I thought.”
“It is indeed, young man, one of the most ruthless games of all. And will probably get even more challenging as the Plague strikes deeper into the heart of our people.”
“The Plague? How will that make a difference?”
“I have it on best authority that the theatres face closure.”
“Closure? Closure! But my plays? What will happen with my plays?”
“Hopefully it will only be a temporary shutting down.”
“But why?”
“By their very nature, theatres gather people into confined spaces, young Master Marlowe. You should know that. And the Queen’s physician feels that this is a breeding ground for passing on the Plague, thus spreading it even further across London.”
“What about my next work, then, The Massacre at Paris?”
“If I were you, young man, I would get it going straight away, while the theatres are still open, by handing the running of it over to the person who knows best.”
“William.”
“But of course. Let Master Shakespeare perform his magic on it.”
“That is the word, Sir Thomas, magic. He is a magician when it comes to the business of organising a play. I would never have thought that ...”
“That what?”
“That, um …” stammered Marlowe, looking away.
“Come on, spit it out. Say it. Say that you never would have thought that an ignorant young rural leather-worker without a university education could install himself at the apex of that most challenging and intellectual of pursuits, the theatre.”
“I didn’t mean … that is, I didn’t mean to say …”
“And no, you would not say it, because you are his friend, Christopher. But it is a fair enough notion for you to be thinking.”
“I would never say it in his company.”
“Nor would you need to.”
“He has my profoundest admiration.”
“And deservedly so.”
“He is proving that to all intents and purposes the bloody producer is more important than the writer!”
“He is proving, dear Christopher, that, glorious as it is, the academic way can still occasionally be beaten to the punch by someone who makes up for his lack of education with talent, enthusiasm and initiative. William is a graduate of the University of Life.”
“With Professor Budsby his tutor.”
And in one of the rare moments of his life, Sir Thomas Walsingham allowed himself to break into a smile.
There were also smiles all around on the opening afternoon of the Shakespeare-produced Massacre At Paris. The theatre being jammed to capacity, the resultant applause serving to confirm Marlowe as a shining star of the London literary scene, alongside that other fine writer, William Shakespeare.
But it also served to yet again stir the green-eyed monster of jealousy within the breast of his friend Thomas Kyd.
“Well, Christopher,” said Kyd, as they scurried off to a tavern after the thrilling performance.
“Well, what?”
“After a three-year drought, and a false start, is that the best you can do?”
Marlowe shook his head. “Ah, Thomas, Thomas, if you only knew.” But before his friend could pose the inevitable question, “If I only knew what?” Marlowe added quickly, “Yes, yes, you are right, Thomas. Yes, damn it, after three years that is the best I can do. So what?”
“I was hoping to have something to compete with, when my Spanish Tragedy reaches the stage,” replied Kyd earnestly.
“But Thomas, you saw the crowd! You heard the applause!”
“I wanted people,” continued Kyd, ignoring him, “to say, yes, yes, Marlowe is brilliant, but Kyd is the genius!”
“And quite rightly, they will, too.”
“No, no, no. You have let me down - now they will say Marlowe is a journeyman.”
“Journeyman?”
“Yes, and Kyd is only marginally better!”
“Thomas, you are both my mentor, and my tormentor. You are my friend, and probably will be my end.”
“I love the rhyme, my dear Christopher. But the simple fact is that I am stating the truth. My play will cause a sensation that will thrust my name before the public in large letters.”
“Let us hope the letters are not too large.”
“Who is showing signs of jealousy now?”
“It’s not jealousy, it’s a matter of prudence.”
“Prudence! You were the one who waved the red flag at Baines like a matador to the bull that day at Norwich, not me!”
“I did, but I was upset about Francis’ death. Nowadays, I realise …”
“Realise what?”
“That there are times to be visible, and times to lay low. Just remember that, Thomas.”
Whether he took his friend’s advice or not, no one was ever able to accurately determine amid the whirlwind aftermath of the premiere of The Spanish Tragedy five months later. Brutal, bloodthirsty, and politically challenging, the play achieved all that Kyd had hoped for, and more.
“After years of living in Marlowe’s shadow, when it comes to getting his name publicised, he could not have picked a better vehicle,” said Budsby, as a group of demonstrative God-fearing Londoners walked past the inn, shouting for the play to be shut down.
“I am glad Kyd is not linked with us or Sir Thomas,” replied Shakespeare. “I’ve never liked him.”
“William!” replied Budsby. “That is the first time I have ever heard you express your disdain for anyone.”
“Thomas Kyd is, and has always been, more trouble than he is worth,” replied Shakespeare evenly.
“I am afraid, just quietly, that I agree,” said the big fellow seriously. “You know me well, young man. I am always one for publicity, any publicity is generally good publicity. But this Spanish play of Kyd’s has drawn as much outrage as it has support.”
“Especially,” said Shakespeare, “as he has fulfilled his dream of writing a play where virtually no one is left standing on stage!”
“Indeed, there were swords flying everywhere. And you and I both know, only too well, that the seductive sword of success is often double-edged.”
And when the knock came on his door in his small London flat, Thomas Kyd genuinely though it would be yet another lover of his material - just like the dozens of other supporters that had taken to hanging around his small lodgings since the play’s premiere, fawning over his intellect, praising his writing style, offering samples of their own work for his considered opinion.
On this evening, though, he opened the door to be confronted by a face that was still etched in his memory, and had lost none of its weasel-like features since that awful day three years earlier in Norwich.
“We meet again, Mr Kyd,” said Richard Baines.
Kyd said nothing.
Baines moved forward a step. “You have nothing to say about my appearance at your doorstep?”
“Part of me expresses incredulity,” said Kyd. “But part of me says I should not be surprised.”
“Listen well, Mr Kyd,” sneered Baines, “after your smarmy friend’s pathetic attempts at belittling me at Norwich, three years ago now, the only surprise is that I have not been at your door sooner.”
“I suspect you have been, Mr Baines. But when I would open it, no one was there. The person who had knocked had scuttled like a rat into the night.”
“They were just gentle reminders that I was after you, Mr Kyd, biding my time for the right moment.”
“And what makes you think this is the right moment?”
“Because,” said Baines, pulling a rolled parchment out from under his cloak, and shoving it into Kyd’s chest, “under the power invested in me by the Court of the Star Chamber, Mr Kyd, I have brought my associates along” - and it was at this point that Kyd noticed for the first time that behind Baines were four armed henchmen - “to search your lodgings.”
“For what?”
“For any material that may be considered treasonable, atheistic, treacherous to the country, the Church and its leader, Queen Elizabeth.”
“I have nothing like that in here,” said Kyd, in a trembling voice.
“Then you have nothing to fear.”
“You can take my word, there is no need to search my place.”
“I will be the judge of that, Mr Kyd. Gentlemen, do your duty.”
Baines turned and nodded, and the four men, dressed in Court guard outfits and carrying lances, pushed their way past Kyd. One guard stood next to the young writer, his lance barring Kyd’s way, as the other three began ransacking the small bachelor flat.
The piles of papers - the same piles that had fallen over amidst laughter with Marlowe all those years ago - were roughly grabbed and leafed through. Tears welled in Kyd’s eyes as the senseless thugs threw material everywhere, knocking down the ramshackle, teetering columns that Kyd described as a his “filing system.” They surveyed pages. They ripped them into confetti. They threw them into a heap in the corner.
But just as the destruction was about to stop, and Kyd had concluded that the worst he would probably get out of this would be a massive clean-up job, the most senior of the guards knocked the last pile of papers over, stared at the floor, and shouted, “Mr Baines.”
A chill feeling, like ice pressed against his spine, shot through Kyd as he stared at the spot.
On the floor, at the feet of the soldier, lay a small yellow leather satchel containing some papers. It was tied with a dark red ribbon.
Amid the mess, the neatly packaged folder stood out like a beacon.
Baines moved swiftly across the tiny room, bent down and picked it up by the ribbon. He turned to the trembling author, waved it at him, and said, “Well, well, well, Mr Kyd, what do we have here, then ..?”

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

“To understand torture, you have to undergo it,” said Budsby gravely.
“But how on earth could he say what he said?” said Shakespeare. “It’s all lies!”
“To you and me what young Master Kyd told them may well be lies,” said Budsby. “But when the wheel is turning, and the cracking noises you are hearing are your own bones popping out of their very sockets, and you know that even if you survive this excruciating torment on the rack, that they will put an iron mask on your head with a spike aimed at your Adam’s apple and tighten the screw until it is crushed, then as far as you are concerned, whatever it is that you utter that succeeds in bringing this unspeakable agony to a halt, is, to all intents and purposes, the pristine, undeniable, all-encompassing truth.”
“I guess so.”
“There is no guessing about it, William. You and I have never undergone such pain, such terror, such malevolence. Bad reviews, stony-faced audiences, difficult performers arguing over expenses, those are the sorts of things we have endured.”
“True.”
“God knows, we would have done exactly the same as poor old Kyd, and delivered up to them what they wanted to hear, to be relieved of the agony and to live another day.”
The big fellow clapped a melancholy hand on the young man’s shoulder. There was silence as they both stared at their ale and reflected on the hectic events that had occurred since Samuel Davidson had rushed in with the news that Thomas Kyd had been arrested and taken off to prison for questioning.
It had been Kyd’s worst nightmare come to harsh reality. And when he had been pushed down the stairs of the dungeon by Richard Baines and had spotted the machines of evil glistening in the flickering light of the oil torches, the young writer knew there was really only one way out.
True, in the months that followed his release, he was able to say to anyone who cared to listen that he had bravely defied his inquisitors to the bitter end.
It had taken a full day and night of questioning, threatening and beating - including several hours on the rack - before he had finally succumbed and given them a name as the author of the papers found inside the satchel of yellow leather wrapped with a dark red ribbon.
Richard Baines had stood smiling while a priest, well-versed in the art of interrogation and superbly-equipped with the training, intellect, and sharp tongue to apply it, had pushed, probed, teased and bullied Kyd into final submission.
“You will admit they are dangerous papers, are they not?” he had said, clasping his hands as if he was praying.
“Yes … yes …yes,” had said Kyd in agony.
“They are Atheistic in their philosophy, are they not?”
“Yes.”
“They attack the very foundations of Christianity?”
“Yes.”
“They query the divinity of Christ.”
“Yes.”
“Any man who has written something of this nature should be brought before the Court of the Star Chamber, do you not agree?”
“Mmmm.”
“I did not hear that response clearly, Mr Kyd. Did you hear that, Mr Baines? No, Mr Kyd, Mr Baines is shaking his head. He did not hear it either. Please apprise us, Mr Kyd, in a clearer voice, was that a yes or a no?”
The jailer turned the wheel another notch, and an excruciating spasm of pain shot through Kyd’s body.
“Yes, yes!” Kyd screamed. “Yes!”
“Thank you. And, at the Court, the likelihood is that such a person, such a writer of evil thoughts as this, would be sentenced to death, yes?”
“I don’t ...”
“What was that, Mr Kyd? You don’t know? Or you don’t care? Perhaps you need further encouragement.”
“No, no! Please, I’ll answer, I’ll answer.”
“All right, then, what is your answer?”
“That, yes, at the Court, the likelihood is that the writer of such thoughts would be sentenced to death.”
“So, why did you write them? Why did you, Thomas Kyd, a man of letters, a man riding high on the strength of a recent theatrical extravaganza, let me see, what is it called now, The Spanish Tragedy? Why would such a man, with so much to live for, put pen to paper and manufacture such seditious, treacherous bilge?”
“I didn’t!”
“No?”
“I did not write those documents.”
“But Mr Kyd, Mr Baines found them in your house!”
“I don’t know how they got into my house.”
“You don’t know?”
“I don’t know.”
“Or you don’t remember?”
“I don’t know. I don’t remember, either.”
The priest had leaned over the top of him, so much so that even through the stinging sweat trailing into his eyes, Kyd could see the outline of his questioner’s shiny-white, moon-shaped face. He could make out the small gap between the middle front teeth, the sparkling eyes, the brown hair cut in the familiar circular fringe. He could see the face of a friendly child, fronting the spirit of a calculating monster.
“Don’t remember?” had said the priest, turning his head just slightly towards Baines and nodding. “Perhaps we could refresh Mr Kyd’s memory then, Mr Baines?”
The little nod to Baines had been quickly transferred into a signal to the dungeon-keeper, who gleefully turned the wheel two more notches. By the third turn of the wheel, Kyd had conceded that, yes, he might have some vague knowledge of the author. By the fourth, fifth and sixth turns, he had wished he were dead, and had cared no longer. By the seventh, he had had enough.
“Marlowe!” he had shouted. “My God, my God, it was Marlowe. It was Marlowe who wrote those papers, Christopher Marlowe.”
“Good! Good,” said the priest, “that’s what we want to hear. And might I add, Mr Kyd, that I’m glad you called on your Maker while at the same time revealing the identity of this most heinous atheist. It shows, indeed, sir, that you are a true Christian. And now we will let you go, so that you can give fuller thanks to God.”
The rest of the dungeon had been silent for a few seconds, as the wheel was slowly released and Kyd had caught his breath.
“Well, well, well,” had said Baines eventually, “Christopher Marlowe, hey? Now, isn’t that an interesting bit of information ..?”

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

“Get your clothes on, you’re coming with me.”
The voice sounded harsh, staccato, almost metallic.
“But it’s Sunday! My day off. You’re not taking take me to Church are you?”
“This is no time to be funny, Master playwright, this is serious,” said Walsingham.
Christopher Marlowe rolled onto the side of the bed, and looked across the darkened room. He could tell from the sound of the voice, and the body language of the well-dressed figure standing in the gloom, that this situation, whatever it was, was indeed serious. After all, why would Sir Thomas want to rouse him out of bed at this hour? Especially when he was not the only person in the bed …
Rasa had been shrieking in delight when Walsingham had burst through the door, grabbed Marlowe’s trousers from the chair and hurled them at his naked, pumping backside. Now she lay, dazed, puzzled, pulling the sheet up around her, still trying to come down from the orgasm and catch up with events, as the two men verbally sparred.
“What’s this all about?” said Marlowe, as he began to pull his pants on.
“Kyd.”
“Thomas? Is there something wrong? Is he all right?”
“Would you describe him as a friend?”
“Why, yes. We have our ups and downs, he gets a bit moody, but we have been friends for years. What the ..?”
“Would you place your life in his hands?”
“Why, yes, I would.”
“Then you are a fool, young Christopher, a fool.”
“What is this? What are you saying?”
“Your friend Kyd has given you up to the Court of the Star Chamber.”
“What?”
“Oh, Christopher,” said Rasa, sitting up and grabbing his arm. “No!”
“I am afraid he has,” said Walsingham solemnly. “What do you know about some documents attacking the divinity of Christ?”
“I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“Your long-time protagonist Baines searched Kyd’s house and found some papers attacking Christ. Kyd said that you wrote them.”
“Never, he would never say that.”
“He did … under persuasion.”
“You mean,” said Rasa, her dark eyes opening wide, “that he has been tortured?”
“On the rack,” said Walsingham. “Among other things.”
“Oh, my God. How could they do that?” said Marlowe.
“Without the slightest qualm, Christopher. They don’t bat an eyelid when they have a plan in mind.”
“Plan?”
“To get you, young man, to get you. Getting Kyd is fair enough, but he is small fry compared to dragging the star writer of the London theatre - second only to William Shakespeare, of course - before the Court. Baines will be most pleased with himself.”
“But why would they want to put me before the Court!”
“Kyd says you wrote this material, so they are going to question you about it.”
“But I never wrote those things. That is the truth, as I swear before God.”
“God, hey? Well, truth usually seems to be the last consideration as far as the Court is concerned.”
“But it is Sunday,” said Rasa. “The Court does not sit on Sunday.”
“That is right, young lady. And there lies our chance.”
“Chance?” said Marlowe, pulling his shirt over his head. “What chance?”
“As it is Sunday and the Court is not sitting, I have arranged to have you appear before the Privy Council.”
“You have arranged this? How dare you do such a thing! I should be getting out of here. You should be getting me transport to get away.”
Walsingham stepped to the window, pulled the curtains aside, and let the morning light flood into the room. Stepping over the pile of Rasa’s clothes on the floor, he walked up to Marlowe, and placed his face an inch from the playwright’s. “Now, listen, sonny,” he growled. “Do not say anything you might regret later on.”
“But the Privy Council! You’ve put me up before the Privy Council! I should be getting out of here.”
“That’s where you are wrong, Master Marlowe. You may be a writer, you may at times be my best spy. But when it comes to things like this, I call the shots. I’m putting you up before the Privy Council because I know I can get you out on bail, and then we will have time to sort out what to do next. Understand?”
There was silence, as the writer considered his options.
“All right,” said Marlowe finally. “All right.”
“Now, get your clothes on and get moving.”
Marlowe turned towards the bed. In the bright morning sun, the magnificent naked figure of Rasa curved beautifully under the sheet. He kissed her lightly on the forehead, and took her hand. “It’s all right,” he said. “It will be all right.”
And, as he promised, and much to the chagrin of Richard Baines, Sir Thomas Walsingham pulled the bail card out of the pack.
“My young friend here is willing to comply with the wishes of the Court,” Sir Thomas said to the three-man Privy Council tribunal, sitting in stony-faced silence in a small side-chamber at Nonesuch, the Queen’s spectacular, rambling out-of-London palace. “So much so, following Mr Kyd’s, shall we say, revelations, which we shall prove are untrue, he has even come here today, ready to make an appearance, only to find, to his surprise, that they are not sitting.”
“Don’t patronise us, Sir Thomas,” said the chairman, a large, serious-looking man with flabby jowls.
“But, sir …”
“Say no more, Sir Thomas. The rules are the rules, and you obviously know them very well. We will grant young Master Marlowe here bail, on condition that he report daily.”
“Daily?” said Marlowe standing up.
“Daily,” intoned the chairman. “Until a hearing can be scheduled by the Court. These are serious charges young man.”
“But I did not write those documents!”
“Save your protestations for the Court,” said the chairman. “You will need them.”
As they left the Council chambers, Marlowe turned to his patron. “I take back everything that I said this morning. Your actions proved correct.”
“Indeed, Christopher,” said Walsingham. “My actions have proved correct. And the best is yet to come …”

CHAPTER NINETEEN

Derek Berkhardt’s acting career had never really gone all that far. Certainly, he had picked up work over the years. But it was always walk-on parts, small roles, voices from the wings, that sort of thing. Occasionally he got a lead in a minor production, but he regularly had to supplement his meagre income with other employment - as low as selling himself to rapacious men in squalid alleyways late at night.
Oh, he had the necessary talents all right, not the least of which was a magnificent voice. But, in the bitchy, twitchy world of acting, he could never score a plum job with one of the front-line theatre troupes such as the Admiral’s Men, despite the fact that he was convinced his acting skills rivalled those of their leading player, Edward Alleyn.
The frustrating thing was that, still only in his late twenties, he could not see anything wrong with his physical appearance, either. He had spotless, swarthy skin, clear almond eyes, and a fashionable wispy beard that clung tenaciously to an oval face. People often said that he not only looked like, but was just as handsome as, that wild young playwright, Christopher Marlowe.
Indeed, when he was drowning his sorrows with cheap ale in dingy taverns, the irony was not lost on Derek that one of the recent highlights of his acting career had been to play a slave carrying a litter containing a large, fake Turkish potentate and a scantily-clad dark lady to promote a Marlowe play.
So he was not only pleased but quite surprised when William Shakespeare, the man who employed him for the slave job, approached him out of the blue with an invitation to a party. An upper class party at that.
“You’ll love it,” said Shakespeare, as they chatted alone in the changing room at Percy Fletcher’s tavern. “It’s a get-together of a few people from the theatre scene. You know, backers and patrons and all that. They want to meet some actors, and I thought you would be a perfect guest.”
“But William. I’m overwhelmed. I mean, I’m … not …”
“Not one with a stellar acting career? That’s precisely the point, Derek. They want to meet real actors, too - genuine, workaday types who struggle to make ends meet, as well as the major players.”
“Will Alleyn be there?”
“Oh, of course. Alleyn will be there. He’ll be poncing about, reciting great slabs of Chris’ … er, my work and Chris’ work, that is, just to impress everyone.”
“What do you want me to do? I’m not very good at social occasions.”
“Enjoy! Mingle. Relax. There will be lots of food and plenty to drink.”
At the words, ‘food, drink and lots of’, Derek Berkhardt needed no further encouragement. Life had been tough for a young man whose impoverished migrant parents had both died of illness just weeks after they had arrived destitute from Germany, leaving their only child, at three years old, to be whisked along a pitiful path of orphanages and cruel minders until he was fifteen and ran off to London.
A free meal and hob-nobbing it with the elite sounded a great idea for a lonely soul who had no recollection of his parents, no partner in life, little education, poor social skills and a meagre acting career that had survived purely on an exceptional voice and a potent memory that could soak up a part after it was read to him just once.
However, there was one more thing worrying him.
“But William, what shall I wear? My clothes are simply not good enough for a function like this.”
“Don’t worry about that,” said Shakespeare kindly. “I’ve got the perfect outfit for you.”
And with a flourish, Shakespeare thrust the curtain back on one of the wardrobes, and reached inside.
Derek let out a gasp as the rising writer and producer pulled out a superbly cut green doublet with red lining, green trousers with red inlays, highly polished brown leather boots, and a fabulous red hat with a bright yellow plume.
“Why William,” said Derek. “I’ve never worn anything like that in all my life.”
“You will look fantastic,” said Shakespeare.
Ten days later, on the morning of the party - May 30, 1593 - Derek did look just that, as he waited patiently on the side of a quiet road through a heavily wooded forest just south of London.
So excited was he about the day before him, he did not care that the collar on the otherwise perfectly fitting outfit was just a little bit tight.
It did not worry him that he had had to make his own way across town to meet up with the party coach that would take him to the scene of the festivities.
He had no qualms that the function was in an area of London he did not know well, the Thames-side dockyard of Deptford, a journey of an hour or so, even from where he was being picked up on this quiet side track.
So enthused was he, he did not feel even the slightest bit foolish when he began jumping up and down in excitement as the enclosed four-horse coach finally came around the bend with two happy faces protruding out the window, shouting, “Mr Berkhardt, Mr Berkhardt.”
Indeed, so pumped with adrenalin was he, Derek did not notice that as he was clambering unsteadily up the steps on one side and concentrating on not damaging his pristine clothes, a man wearing exactly the same outfit was quickly alighting through the door on the other side and disappearing rapidly into the forest …
Besides, what about the conversation once he got inside. It was oh so divine, and simply overwhelming.
“Mr Berkhardt, Mr Berkhardt,” gushed one of the two men as they pulled him aboard and sat him in the plush leather seat opposite, “you must tell us all about your life as an actor!”
“It must be simply divine,” added the other enthusiastically, leaning forward and touching him on the knee. “All those costumes.”
“Well, I, ah …” said Derek.
“The excitement,” added the first man.
“Yes, I …” said Derek.
“The crowds!” added the second man.
“Certainly …”
“Walking out in front of a group of strangers like that and baring your soul.”
“Better than you baring your bottom, ducky!” said the first man.
“Oooh-aaah, in your dreams, sweetheart,” said the second man, and they both collapsed on each other, laughing.
Derek began laughing too, not only at the ribald gag, but at the sudden overwhelming feeling that he liked this couple - the one, who introduced himself as Ingram Frizer, with a huge mane of blonde curls and bright pink jacket with complexion to match. And the other, who said he was Nicholas Skeres, who had a darker, more sallow face and a more thickset body, wrapped in a more demure blue coat.
They might even actually like me, Derek thought.
And as if his wildest dreams were destined to be answered, Frizer, the charming blond one, suddenly broke out of his fit of giggles and said, “You know, we loved you in Richard The Third.”
“You saw me in that!” Derek said, shocked. “But I had such a small part, barely more than a spear-carrier. How did you know ..?”
“There are no such things as small parts,” interjected Skeres, “only small actors.”
“You’d know all about small parts,” said Frizer, punching his friend on the arm. “Any smaller and yours would be the size of a walnut.”
“Ooohh, at least mine is in working order!” And they collapsed into giggles again.
And that was the way of the journey to Deptford, an engaging, enchanting hour or so of inspired banter that made Derek Berkhardt feel for once in his life that he was actually somebody - a person of note, a person of interest, a person of worth.
There was more.
Arriving outside the sturdy, respectable rooms and eating establishment of Dame Eleanor Bull - “They say she has Connections,” mused Frizer, touching the side of his nose with a corner of his silk handkerchief - they were met on the steps by a third gentleman of similar enthusiasm, but of a more direct nature.
“Robert Poley,” said the man, launching an energetic hand into that of Derek’s. “Just back from The Hague this morning. Queen’s business and all that. Never stops. I wanted to be an actor, you know.”
“Oh, really?” said Derek.
“Did a bit at school. And at boarding college. Pliny, Socrates, and all that. But other things crop up. Career. You know how it is.”
“But you have obviously done well at your career, sir.”
“Yes, but when I see you up on the stage, I think, ah, what a life.”
Derek blushed. “Sir, you would not see much of me on stage.”
“What I see, I like, young man,” said Poley, matter-of-factly. “Come on, time to go in.”
He swept up the stone stairs with the others following in his wake, and once inside, headed to a small table on the right hand side, where a large, plump woman with a very regal bearing sat. Her silver hair was pulled back vigorously to reveal a no-nonsense face, and her dark eyes darted around the room like a hawk.
Derek went to follow Poley, but his two newfound friends, laughing and gesturing, gently guided him toward an internal set of stairs at the rear of the foyer. “Don’t go over there, you’ll be stuck for hours,” said Frizer.
“Once she starts babbling on, you’ll never get away. Let Robert do all the work,” added Skeres.
As they headed up the stairs Derek turned back to see that the woman - presumably Dame Eleanor - had disengaged herself from whispered conversation with Mr Poley and was now looking straight up at him. Her previously strait-laced visage had now been replaced with the most cloying smile, and waving with just the tips of her fingers she said loudly, “We are always pleased to welcome a giant of the theatre to our humble abode.”
Derek returned a sickly smile, and to the stifled giggles of his two friends in front of him, turned vermilion and continued up the final few steps to the landing.
He barely had time to reflect on this extraordinary description of a himself, when a serving wench suddenly appeared with a tray of mixed drinks, and said, “Good morning, gentlemen. Something to start the day?”
“Oooh,” said Frizer. “Ten o’clock, time for a small sherry.”
“Just a small one, mind,” said Skeres, taking two glasses from the tray. “A drink, Derek?”
Why not? thought Derek. This is going to be one day in my life that I am going to enjoy myself, so I may as well start now.
“An ale,” he said confidently, reaching across to the tray and taking a foaming tankard.
“Oooh, I do like a man who likes a decent-sized drink,” said Frizer.
“You like any man, sweet-heart,” said Skeres.
The three clinked their drinking vessels, said, “Cheers” and took a sip.
“This way, gentlemen,” said the wench, opening a door on the opposite side of the landing, and directing them through.
Derek gasped as he walked in. In the centre of a large table was the most astonishing collection of food he had seen - plates of meats, fowl, vegetables, fruit. There were cakes, desserts, cheeses. And drink everywhere, ready to be poured. Wine, sherry, ale.
“Good heavens,” he said.
“Good luck!” said a voice behind him, and he turned to see that Robert Poley had now joined them, and was raising his glass of sherry in salutations.
It was several hours later before it finally dawned on Derek that he was, in fact, the only man of theatre in the room. That he was, in fact, the only other guest in the room at all. No one else had turned up, as Shakespeare had promised. Not Alleyn, not Burbage, and certainly none of the backers and back-slappers he had anticipated.
“Typical, typical,” sniffed Skeres, when Derek politely mentioned this.
“Big-noters all of them. Only want to come out when they think it is to their advantage,” added Frizer.
But by then, Derek really did not care. He had sated himself on a most sumptuous meal, including a species of smoked fish that the waitress had told him was now very popular in Germany, and a stuffed plover – the word ‘stuffed’ sending Skeres and Frizer into yet another of their sexual fantasy school-boy giggling spasms.
He had drunk the most glorious drinks, including a delightful red wine, which had proved its durability by travelling well from France, and more sherry from southern Spain.
The countries of origin of the drinks sparked hectic political discussions, rounding off a remarkable few hours of dining table talk, the likes of which Derek had never witnessed or been involved in before.
Indeed, he was glad for once in his life that he was the centre of attention. And that the pompous Alleyn, the actor’s actor, had not turned up after all, and taken over centre stage, as he no doubt would have, regaling them with tales of his triumphs at The Globe.
So much so, that by late afternoon, the group was in distinct need of a break from their serious mission. Derek wanted to lie down on a small bed that was in one corner of the dining room.
However, the other three insisted on fresh air, and, guiding him gently, they took him down the back stairs for a walk in the garden, where once again Dame Eleanor waved through the window to “the man who has done so much for theatre.”
It was upon their return that Derek’s day started to turn sour.
Was it him? Or the fresh glass into which Mr Frizer had just poured another tipple of wine? Or a different bottle? Somehow this new drink did not taste quite the same as the others. It seemed a little more bitter. Undrinkable. Unnerving …
Looking up from his seat he intended to ask the others their opinion. But found he could not get the words out!
His voice! His stock in trade was failing him.
Once more he tried, but he could not get his lips to move.
Attempting to stand up, his legs felt like lead.
What is happening? he thought.
He placed both hands firmly on the arms of the chair to push himself up, rose a few inches, fell backwards, and tumbled out of the chair onto the floor, unable to move.
A hand grabbed his hair roughly and pulled his head up. He could see a face inches away, feel its breath. Robert Poley’s voice came from the other side of the room. It was harsh, and nasty. “Is the little faggot dead yet?” he said.
Faggot? Dead?
Derek looked at the face just inches from him. It was his newfound friend Ingram Frizer.
Ingram will help me, he thought. Ingram is my soul brother. He’ll save me from whatever this is all about. He’s seen my work and likes my style. I’m sure he likes me.
But he watched in horror as Ingram Frizer pulled the blond wig off his head, screwed his face into an unrecognisable, malevolent scowl, and sneered in a loathsome voice, “Not yet. But soon.”
Derek looked on in horror as Frizer rolled his sleeves up, revealing, on his left forearm, a nasty looking tattoo of a coiled snake …
The leering face of Nicholas Skeres joined that of Frizer. “Good-bye you bloody sodomite. Hope you burn in hell.”
The joking had gone; the shrill voices had disappeared; the bouffant hair and make-up had been ripped off.
It had all been an act, Derek thought. All an act. They had me. I thought they were my friends. My admirers. Christ, they are better actors than me …
But why?
He could not move.
His two former friends, now revealing their true selves, stood up. One picked him up by the legs, the other by the shoulders, and Derek could feel himself being thrown roughly on the bed. He lay there helpless as his sight started to diminish and the conversation flowed around him.
“Sir Thomas said it would work in a few minutes,” said Frizer.
“The best poison he’s ever had made up, so he claimed,” said Skeres.
“Let’s just wait,” said the voice of Poley from the other side of the room. “It’s probably all the food the little bastard ate - blocking the sleeping draft from going through his body.”
There was a brief silence, followed by the sound of chairs being drawn up around the table, and the clink of glasses as more drink - But I wager not the drink I had, thought Derek! - was poured.
After a few minutes, Derek could hear a chair scrape, followed by the sound of feet on the wooden floor.
He could not see the figure - by now he had all but lost his sight - but he could tell it was close. Through the numbness that had overtaken him, he could feel a finger roughly prodding him in the chest.
“Is he dead now, then?” said Poley.
“No!” said Skeres.
“Jeezus, it was going to be bloody simple, according to the boss,” said Frizer angrily. “One glass of the sleeping draught, say goodnight, Derek, we tell the old dear he’s drunk himself to death - you know what them theatre people are like, ma’am, hopeless drunks - and we’re out of here.”
“Give him some more, then,” said Poley.
“I haven’t got any more!” said Frizer, his voice rising in intensity. “That’s all the stuff Walsingham gave me. He said it would be enough. And having worked for him for all these years, I believe everything he tells me.”
There was silence.
“What about now?” said Poley ultimately.
Derek could feel another prod in the chest, and, this time, a hand on the side of his temple.
“Nah,” said Skeres. “Still kicking.”
“How do you know?”
“Listen, Mr Poley, I’ve been around the game long enough, doing a bit of this and a bit of that. I know when someone’s dead and when someone isn’t. His heart beat’s still pretty strong.”
“Must be fit from carrying the big fellow around in the sedan-chair, along with the black woman with the big tits,” said Frizer, laughing. “His triumph as an actor.”
“Phhhewwaaww,” said Skeres. “That black beauty. Wouldn’t you like to give her one?”
“You pair!” said Poley laughing. “Making poor old Derek here feel that he was the next Alleyn or Burbage - and even having him think you were queer buggers just like him.”
“I think he took a fancy to you, too, Mr Poley,” said Skeres.
There was much laughter, followed by silence, during which a small tear trickled out of Derek’s left eye and slid silently down his cheek.
Many minutes later, Derek could feel the tension in the air. He could tell that they had run out of patience. Footsteps angrily approached him, and he could feel the finger push him in the chest again - only very roughly this time.
“Christ almighty, I’ve had enough of this,” said Skeres, and suddenly Derek felt a surge of pain above his right eye. It pierced agonizingly through his skull and jolted down his body, as if he had been struck by lightning. Pandemonium flared all around him.
“Jeezus, what have you done!” shouted Poley, scrambling from other side of the table.
“I’ve fixed the bastard good and proper,” shouted Skeres.
“He’s stabbed him. He’s stabbed him!” screamed Frizer. “You idiot! Sir Thomas said no wounds. No wounds! You heard what he said. There was to be no marks at all.”
“We’d be still here at midnight!” snarled Skeres, “As it is, we’ve been hanging around since ten o’clock this morning dressed up like a pair of pansies entertaining this third-rate actor, and I’ve had enough.”
“For God’s sake, you’ve cut a wound over his eye, it must be two inches deep,” said Poley. “What are we going to do now?”
“Oh, well,” said Skeres, “you’re the government agent, Mr Poley, the man trusted with secret documents, you’re so smart, you come up with an idea!”
“I will, Mr Skeres,” hissed Poley, “don’t you worry, I will.”
There was silence as they stared at the forlorn figure.
“I have it,” said a voice triumphantly. It was Poley. “I have it.”
“What’s your solution, Mr Government Agent?” snarled Skeres.
“The judgement of Solomon, Mr Skeres. Seeing as you have cut him, then he shall cut you.”
“What!”
“Lie down, Mr Skeres, while we do some surgery.”
“You’re not cutting me!”
Poley moved forward, and leaned into Skeres' face. “This is the only way out, Mr Skeres,” he hissed. “The only way out.”
“What's the plan, then?” interrupted Frizer.
“It goes like this. We cut you, Mr Skeres, and …”
“Cut?” said Skeres.
“Nothing serious, mind. At least, nothing that will cause you more than a little inconvenience. But we spread the blood around a bit, get you to scream in agony, make it look much worse than it is.”
“And?”
“And then we call in the owner of this most commodious house, Dame Eleanor. There’s been a terrible fight, we say. Our young theatrical friend here, after a long day on the wine, got nasty about paying the bill, and suddenly grabbed Mr Skeres’ knife from his belt when he wasn’t looking, Dame Eleanor, and stabbed him. Naturally enough, Mr Skeres was surprised by all this. We all were, as you can imagine, Madam. But Mr Skeres had the presence of mind to wrestle the knife from his enraged attacker, and, in the mêlée that followed, alas, had to strike him a similar blow in self-defence, and now he is dead. End of story.”
There was silence.
“Sound all right to me,” said Frizer, slowly.
“It’s all right for you - you don’t get cut!” shouted Skeres.
“Listen,” hissed Poley, “you are a low-life con-artist, Skeres, a skiver, double-dealer and street-wise poltroon in the employ of Sir Thomas. And as I am the most senior man in this group here, you will do what I tell you.”
“That’s the point,” replied Skeres, with a smarmy tone in his voice. “I am just a low-life con-artist, and proud of it. So, who would believe that this man would attack me over a bill … when I have never paid a bill in my life!”
There was silence, as Poley looked across to Frizer.
“He’s right,” said Frizer. “He’s right, you know. It’ll have to be me, instead.”
“What?” said Poley.
“Cut me, not him. It will look more convincing that, in his rage, our friend here has attacked the one who would obviously be paying the bill, and that is me, Sir Thomas’ personal servant.”
Poley looked down at the floor, and went into deep thought.
“All right, then,” said Poley slowly after a few moments. “All right.”
“See, you're not as smart as you make out, Mr Government Agent,” said Skeres.
“Shut up, Skeres.”
“Besides, there’s one further little hiccup to your great plan,” added Skeres, as Derek felt another prod in the chest. “He ain’t dead yet.”
“I’ve thought of that, too, Mr Skeres. After all, I am also tired and want to go home, too. Here, take this pillow, place it over his head, and do your duty.”
For a moment, no one moved in the room.
Then Derek heard the footsteps, felt the cool satin of the pillow on his skin, valiantly tried to struggle against the increasing pressure against face, but could not resist the final Curtain of Death coming down on his sad, unfulfilled career. The only feeling of goodness surging through his body was the realisation that on this day, his final day of existence, he had, unwittingly or otherwise, played his greatest ever character role.
And when the alarm was raised, and Dame Eleanor rushed in, and heard the explanations, and saw the body in the green doublet lying on the bed bleeding, she put her head in her hands and sobbed, “My God, my God, what a tragedy. The great Christopher Marlowe graced this house with his presence today - and now he lies here dead …”

CHAPTER TWENTY

At first, the on-duty sentry at the port of Deptford thought it was a mirage.
After all, with the Plague knocking people down like flies, staff resources were stretched, and he had been standing there with his spear for seven hours straight, without so much as a drink of water. Maybe his eyes were playing tricks.
He blinked twice, shook his head, and looked again. No, it had not gone away. It was still there, advancing inexorably down the muddy road from London toward him.
In his years of manning the big wooden gate and checking the credentials of travellers arriving at the docks to board ship, he had seen many types - court emissaries off to arrange a royal marriage; freelance soldiers-of-fortune setting sail for a killing spree; wide-eyed immigrants anxious to start a new life in some Promised Land or other. Then there were the people he was assigned to intercept specifically - spies, couriers, smugglers, highwaymen, atheists and assorted ne’er-do-wells.
But he had never seen anything like this.
At the front strode a pygmy - coal black, he was. But not with the smooth, pixie-like face you would expect of a pygmy, but the face of, well, not to put too fine a point on it, a gargoyle. Like the type one could see poking out from the corner of a Gothic church. It had a huge mouth containing a handful of misshapen teeth, large almond-shape eyes with half-closed lids, a squashed nose with two giant nostrils turned outwards, and an unruly thatch of hair that appeared to be congealed with brown mud. A giant pair of ears, one of which was bent forward, poked out each side of his visage like the open doors of a coach. The figure was approximately a yard tall, with short, stubby legs, and tiny arms, at the end of which was a pair of hands that somehow matched large open palms with roly-poly truncated fingers. He wore a flimsy brown lap-lap and carried a thin reed-like spear, with a rather nasty-looking point made of sharpened bone.
Marching right behind him was a second coal-black figure, dressed also in a lap-lap. Only he was no pygmy. He was a giant of a man, not tall, but with arms and chest bristling with massive, bulging muscles. And rather than holding a spear, he was carrying a huge club, consisting of a polished hardwood handle with a big bronze ball at the end.
Then followed a drummer, beating a steady marching beat, and an assortment of jugglers, tumblers and fire-eaters, displaying their skills. The air was thick with hoops and balls and blasts of flame.
Behind them there walked another relatively tall man, although much older and more portly than the black muscleman, with a ruddy, well-worn complexion, and dressed in a large brown coat and hat. The guard could see he was cheerily swinging an unusual wooden walking stick with a silver top.
This would have been bizarre enough - the guard never having seen a black man before, much less a diminutive one followed by a monster version and supported by a complete circus.
It was the two animals that got him in. They were like horses, only much bigger in size, with curving necks that stretched forward, and long angular legs with knobbly knees. They had a creamy-coloured, almost shaggy, coat and pugnacious, ugly faces with huge mouths, out of which came the occasional strange, braying sound. They were made all the more odd by the fact that their backs were not smooth like a horse’s, but rather shaped like two undulating hillocks with a valley in between.
In the valley of the first animal, there was positioned a sort of small house, made of a combination of dark, polished leather and a light-coloured wood. The base was similar to a big basket, full of plush golden pillows, with vertical stakes of wood at each of the four corners holding up a canopy made of cream silk trimmed with gold. Multi-hued braids of red, black, green and yellow hung down from each corner, with gold tassels on the ends.
Sitting, in fact almost lying, on the cushions under the silk roof was the prettiest woman he had ever seen in the world.
She was, in fact, only the third black person the guard had ever sighted - coming immediately after the gargoyle pygmy and the muscular giant. But even allowing for the shock of the new, he realised he was in the presence of sheer, undeniable beauty.
He smooth ebony skin glistened with health, drawn over two exquisite high cheekbones. The large lips were perfectly shaped and two large, round, brown eyes imperially surveyed all before her. He could not see her hair because it was swept up in a pile underneath a length of magnificent blood-red satin shaped like a turban, studded in the middle with a huge, glistening blue diamond. Her dress perfectly matched her turban in colour and material. It had a high neckline and long hem to cover her body full-length, but was cut very tight to shape and highlight her magnificent figure. She wore thick gold bracelets on each wrist, which sparkling in the gloomy afternoon sun, and around her neck was a series of thinner gold necklaces, each successively smaller than the one before and closing in on to her smooth throat.
The flash of red against her dark skin, mixed with the gold trimmings, was awe-inspiring. She was so overwhelming in her beauty and regal bearing that the guard took only cursory notice of the figure astride the other animal, sitting awkwardly on a more traditional saddle.
He wore a well-cut blue doublet and trousers, lined with grey. The outfit looked expensive, thought the guard, but not outrageous or designed to attract too much attention.
The man had a perfectly oval, sallow face complemented by a wonderful shock of brown hair drawn back from an expansive forehead. Two almond-shape brown eyes lurked under two handsome eyebrows. Sharp eyes. Quick eyes. The eyes of an observer.
Nevertheless, he looked decidedly ill-at-ease on the strange animal, and regularly fingered a small nick on his chin, indicating he had perhaps had a small accident while shaving that day.
When the entourage was within a few yards of the entrance to the port, the guard positioned himself in front of the pygmy, stood to attention, extended his spear at arm’s length to his right, and shouted, “Halt. No one passes without correct papers!”
The group, led by the pygmy, kept moving forward, as if the guard did not exist. The guard stepped back five paces, and again, positioned himself in front of the pygmy, stood to attention, extended his spear at arm’s length, and shouted again, “Halt. No one passes without correct papers!”
The group kept moving forward.
This time, the guard not only rushed back, positioned himself in front of the pygmy, and extended his spear at arm’s length, but jammed it down hard on the little fellow’s foot, shouting, “For the last time, I tell you, no one passes without correct papers!”
The guard looked down to see that the butt of his spear had hit its target, and the pygmy was now hopping on one foot and holding the other in agony. But he was astonished to note that while the little black man had his mouth wide open as if shouting in pain, no noise was being emitted.
The jab on the foot, however, had had the desired result, and the entourage had come to a halt, strange animals and all, with the entertainers trailing off their routines and now standing with their equipment in silence.
Suddenly, a voice came from among the crowd. “And quite rightly, too,” said the voice, a big booming sound that resounded through the dockyard.
The guard looked into the crowd, to see that the voice belonged to the big man in the brown coat with the wooden stick, who was now walking toward him.
“Quite so, indeed, young man,” continued the big man as he approached. “In these difficult times, when no one can be certain of the alliance or beliefs of even their best of friends, much less a stranger on the road, it is essential that those in charge of the comings and goings of such a sensitive area as a port insist on due protocols being carried out.”
“I’m just doing my job, sir, and …”
“Indeed, you are,” said the big man, cutting him off, and approaching to within two yards of him. “And I commend you, young man, for your diligence. I’m sure her gracious Majesty, Queen Elizabeth herself, would be thrilled to know that her safety and that of her subjects is in such reliable hands. Certainly, we, in our Royal household, appreciate your endeavours to keep the common enemy at bay.”
“Household? What Royal household?”
“Ah,” said the big fellow pleasantly, “I can see you have had a long day and perhaps your skills at recognition have been diminished somewhat by the hours of steady concentration."
“Well, er, there’s a lot of fellows off work.”
‘And you have thus been unable to establish the link between the dazzling beauty of the young lady here atop this noble animal and the title, the Queen of Nubia.”
“Queen of Nubia? Where on earth ..?”
“Quick,” whispered the big fellow, dropping to one knee with the aid of his stick. “It is a household rule recognised throughout the world that when you mention the Queen of Nubia, you must go down on one knee, and I urge you to do so, sir, in the interests of maintaining the cordial relationship between our two countries - relationships that were successfully established while the Queen has been a guest these last few days of Her Majesty at the Royal Court.”
“Guest?”
“Please, sir,” urged the big man again. “She is watching, and should you not follow the custom she may signal one of her two guards here to rather forcibly instruct you in the art of Nubian protocol.”
“Oh, yes?” said the guard, airily sizing up the pygmy. “I’ll take my chances with the little one.”
“That is a mistake that too many others have made in the past,” said the big man, standing up again, and whispering anxiously in the guard’s ear. “See the spear he holds?”
“Yes.”
“See the tip made from sharpened bone?"
“Yes.”
“Not only is it honed enough to slice through your flesh like a hot knife through butter …”
“ … really …?”
“But it is dipped in a poison distilled from the fibrous root of an exotic plant found only in the inner reaches of a jungle south-west of Nubia. One prick, one little brush against your body, and the poison races through your very vitals, bringing you to a most painful death in which you lose the capacity to breath, your very skin burns like the hottest sun, and your eyes pop out. Christian men, good men, men who have launched themselves unselfishly into the primitive lands to bring the shining light of the Lord to the darkened breasts of these ignorant savages have said that the fires of hell would in fact be a comfort for anyone who dies by this means.”
The guard swallowed heavily and looked around. “And what about the big fellow with the club, then?”
“He’s a little less scientific,” rumbled the voice. “He simply splits your skull open like a marrow.”
The guard looked up to see that the eyes of the beautifully dressed dark woman on the strange animal were staring fixedly at him. He hesitated a second, only to hear the pad of feet as the two black guards advanced a step toward him. He swallowed again, looked around once more, and slowly dropped to one knee.
An agreeable murmur rippled through the entourage.
“Excellent, excellent,” said the big man, getting back down on a knee and shaking the guard's hand. “And now, let me introduce myself, I am Ruf, ahem …” and at this point he coughed, before resuming again, “excuse me, Alf, that is, Sir Alfred J. Brownlees, raconteur, bon vivant and the Queen of Nubia’s representative in Merry England. And you, sir, are ..?”
“William Smith,” said the guard.
“Of course you are, and a noble name it is, Mr Smith,” said he big man. “The Smiths of the world are the backbone of commerce, industry, and dare I say it, vigilance. Now that we have all that sorted out, perhaps the Queen can move on to her ship, and I can wave them farewell and return to my many pressing matters of State in my London abode.”
“Ship? And which ship is that?”
“The ship that is taking her to foreign shores, of course. The next leg of her multi-country tour to promote peaceful relationships between various powers.”
“Well, I don’t know nothing about no Queen and no ship. Things are very tightly controlled here at Deptford and my orders are to check everyone coming through.”
“No doubt, kind sir. But she is a queen.”
“And what about her papers, then!”
“Papers? Does Queen Elizabeth carry papers?”
“No, I expect not.”
“Well, then,” said the big voice warmly, “in similar Royal fashion, nor does the Queen of Nubia. Papers are for the common man only.”
“Well, I don’t know …” said William Smith, cradling his chin in his hand.
The pair, having completed the requirements of Nubian protocol, stood up, and stretched their legs, the big fellow relying heavily on the stick for support.
“What about the other one - the man on the other animal?” said William Smith, nodding his head to the second of the two strange beasts.
“You mean the camel?”
“Camel? Is that his name? Mr Camel?”
“No, no, no,” said the big fellow, and he let out a laugh that reverberated across the docks and was picked up and mimicked by the remainder of the strange group. As the laughter echoed around him, William Smith noted with some alarm that the pygmy guard with the poison spear was also giving every indication of laughing, but once again, no sound was being emitted.
“Let me explain. The animal he is sitting on is called a camel,” continued the big fellow. “It is known as the ship of the desert.”
“Ship? It’s got no sails!”
“It is a manner of speech,” replied the big fellow. “Think of the desert as a big sea of sand.
“Sea? Of sand?"
“Yes, it has its own undulating waves, called dunes. And just as a handsome rigger will bear Raleigh or Drake over the bounding main, then a camel will transport its passengers and cargo across the endless stretches of shimmering golden grains.”
“Oh,” said William Smith. “I see. So, this man on the, er …”
“Camel.”
“Camel. Yes. Is that her husband?” he added, pointing towards the man with the sallow face who was looking increasingly uncomfortable in the saddle, as his animal began to wave its head from side to side and emit more braying noises.
“No, no, no,” said the big man. “That is Monsieur Le Doux.”
“Le Doux? Oh, yes, I’ve heard his name around here.”
That’s interesting, thought the big fellow. Seeing as I only selected the name for him in desperation from a piece of paper that someone handed to me outside the theatre one evening. It seemed French and seemed to fit.
“No doubt you have,” continued the big fellow. “He has been known to come and go from these shores before …”
“Has he got a passport?”
“Absolutely. He has all the necessary papers, right up to date. In fact, young man, you would not believe how up to date they are.”
“Hmm, well, I better have a look at them. But I’m still worried about your Queen here. I’ve got my orders, you know.”
“Absolutely, but I’m sure if you check with Mr Le Doux, all will be fine.”
“Le Doux? What does he do?”
“A brilliant job,” said the big fellow. “He is the principal private secretary of the Queen of Nubia, and travels with her wherever she goes.”
“Boy, what job,” said the guard whistling. “Riding around the world with a fancy woman like that doing bugger all. I bet you he gives her one every now and then, too, hey? Hey?”
“Ah, let me assure you, sir, Monsieur Le Doux is the epitome of discretion and restraint,” said the big man seriously.
“Oh, yair?”
“And the job it is not as easy as it looks,” continued the big voice. “He has a busy day, arranging her itinerary, maintaining her daily diary, acting as a go-between her and her hosts, acceding to her every whim, dealing with the idiosyncrasies of other royals. Why, Monsieur Le Doux is fluent in seven languages …”
As if almost to prove this point, the young man with the sallow face suddenly began shouting, “Arrêtez, arrêtez, s’il vous plait! Arrêtez, arrêtez!” as the camel began to get agitated, swinging its body from side to side, rocking the saddle.
“Arrêtez, arrêtez, you feckless bastard,” he screamed, as the camel jerked violently, flinging him off the saddle and landing him on his backside in the mud.
“ … but alas,” continued the big man, to the roars of mirth of the entourage, “he has yet to master basic Camel …”
That was enough. “Go on,” said guard William Smith, laughing and wiping the tears from his ears as the displaced jockey began to wipe the mud from his expensive clothes. “Go on with the lot of you! Go through. Get out of my sight. This is enough for one long day.”
Stepping diplomatically out of the way of the pygmy’s spear and the giant’s club, he waved them through, and turning toward the docks, got down on one knee, and shouted, “Make way for the Queen of Nubia!”
The cry was picked up by dock-workers and sailors as the mighty entourage, minus the big fellow who waved from the gate, wended its way down to a resplendent barque once used by Raleigh to sail to the New Country and recently bought and re-fitted by Walsingham.
And within weeks, “Make way for the Queen of Nubia!” was reverberating across Europe as the exotic, gorgeous, African monarch and her strange entourage progressed from city-state to city-state, bedazzling her excited hosts with her beauty, her mystique, her charm, her regal bearing.
“Well, I am a Queen, of sorts,” Rasa whispered to Christopher one night, after he had sneaked into her room in the castle of the Viscount de Romy in south-eastern France. “After all, my father was King of the tribe, and he used to call me Princess, until I ran away.”
“And I am a private secretary, of sorts, too,” said Marlowe, undoing the cord on her loose-fitting pyjamas and delicately rubbing his hand on her right breast. “I write things on bits of paper. And”, he added, gently licking the nipple, “attend with great diligence to your every personal need!”
“And no one,” she added, pulling him closer to her breast, “need be the wiser.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

“Dead? Dead? You didn’t say anything about him ending up dead!”
As he shouted the words, William Shakespeare nervously dropped the silver goblet of wine from his hand. He was completely oblivious of the noise as it bounced, and the ruby red liquid spilled across the marble floor of the plush Walsingham dining room.
“Get an actor, you told me,” he continued, shouting. “Get someone who looks like Christopher, you said. Get him to turn up at Mrs Bull’s for a day on the pretence he was going to a party. That’s what you said. You didn’t say anything about him getting killed!”
“William, William,” said Walsingham, calmly, “don’t get upset. That's the way it had to be.”
“Had to be? Had to be? Why did it have to be? He was only there playing the role of Christopher. In fact, the poor sod didn't even know he was doing that. He just happened to look like Marlowe and had the right sort of theatrical flair about him. He thought he was going to a party.”
“He did!” shouted Walsingham. “He did go to a party. And he had a great time, too, according to all reports. Apparently, he scoffed every morsel of food in sight, drank anything liquid that passed by on the tray, and lapped up every bit of the luxury provided by Dame Eleanor’s rooms. What a way to go.”
“Way to go? What a way to go! You make it sound as if he was a person of no substance whatsoever. That he never even existed at all. And that he should be appreciative that you so kindly organised such a nice death for him!”
“Well,” said Walsingham curtly, “it’d be better than being burned at the stake."
“Oh, my God, I can't believe I am hearing this,” said Shakespeare, shaking his head.
“Besides, William …”
“Besides? Besides what?”
“When you think about it, he really didn't exist in the first place. Consider it - born of German parents, brought here illegally when he was three, cast adrift when they died almost straight away, and then thrown from pillar to post by an uncaring succession of guardians, most of whom were either too drunk or too stupid to remember him, until he stumbled through the stage door and found a refuge in the world of theatre. No papers, no family, no persona. He’s a non-person, William. He didn’t exist in the legal sense. And now he doesn’t exist in the physical sense.”
“But his birth would surely have been noted back in Germany?”
“That,” said Walsingham evenly, “has been taken care of, too.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“Listen, William,” said Walsingham, placing his wine carefully on the table and moving closer. “You are now playing in the Theatre of Life, not the Playhouse of Fiction. It’s a serious script, with a powerful plot and heavyweight characters in it. And the ending …”
“The ending? It’s going to be tragic is it? Like Kyd’s play - no one left alive on stage.”
“No, no, young man. The ending does not have to be a disaster at all. We can all live happily ever after - as long as we just stick to the script, read our lines, and leave nothing to chance.”
“Such as?”
“When I say things have been fixed in Germany, I say they have been fixed - your actor friend’s birth details, any references to his life, any remote scrap of paper with his name, has been expunged, just like that.”
Snapping his fingers, he turned his back on Shakespeare, walked to the other end of the carved oak dining table and picked up his wine.
“This is unbelievable!” said William.
“No, no.” Walsingham wheeled around and came straight back at him. “That's the point! It is all believable. As far as the world is concerned, Christopher Marlowe is dead. Dead, you hear? Dead. He died two days ago at Deptford, at Dame Eleanor’s tavern, in a fight over the bill. Dame Eleanor saw him earlier in the day looking fit and well, saw the bloodied body later, heard the ghastly story from the only three witnesses …”
“Who are on your payroll …”
“And reliable trustworthy men, they are too, I can vouchsafe for that,” said Walsingham, backing away with a slight smile. “Damn fine actors, too, I might add. Why, they even had your man, what was his name ..?”
“Derek. His name was Derek. Derek Berkhardt.”
“Derek. That’s right. They even had him convinced he was not only getting free drink and food but might end up with a little jollity in the bed so conveniently placed in the corner. But Derek, that is, Christopher, is now dead, and the coroner will shortly tell the world so.”
“My God, it extends to this! The coroner’s in on it, too.”
“He’s a cousin. Well, he’s not exactly a cousin. His cousin was a nanny to one of my children and he’s sort of family.”
“Good heavens.”
“Don’t worry. Danby knows what to do. He’s the coroner to the Royal Household, and it just so happens that this dastardly crime was committed within twelve miles of the presence of her Gracious Majesty, the Queen. Elizabeth, that is; not our dark lady.”
“How did that happen?”
“She just happened to be staying up the road from Deptford at the Nonsuch Palace. That rather unbelievable pile of oblique stones started by her father, and the sooner they pull it down the better.”
“Good fortune, or good organisation?”
“That’s for you to work out, dear William. But it means that the event happened within the verge, or control, of the Queen, and thus the Royal Coroner, Gold bless him, takes the case, over the head of the local coroner.”
“God Almighty,” said Shakespeare, shaking his head.
“He is Almighty, William, and He does wondrous things. Perhaps even inspires me to formulate these plans, but He is not directly involved in the intricacies of arrangements such as these. My good and faithful servant Frizer, you know him?”
“No. I saw him lurking in the shadows behind you outside the theatre one evening, but I have never met him and wouldn’t recognize him.”
“Well, he should be free within the month.”
“Free! But he killed a man!”
“No, actually, he didn’t. Skeres killed him. With a pillow. But that is only a minor point.”
“Minor!”
“In the scheme of things, yes. But it was better to lump the charge on my man Frizer. He will serve twenty-eight days and then be let out, on the basis that although he killed a man, it was self-defence.”
“Twenty-eight days! How do you know?”
“Queen’s Pardon.”
“Queen’s Pardon! You mean you know already that she will pardon him?”
“I know many things, William. Many, many things.”
“Well, I know one thing. That this bloody Skeres fellow killed Derek Berkhardt, and that while his acting career was hardly what you would call a triumph, and while you may consider him a non-person, he was still a real person to me, and I’m going to tell the world and ensure Skeres gets his due punishment.”
There was the clatter of another silver goblet across the marble, but this time it had not been dropped in shock by Shakespeare, but thrown in anger by Walsingham.
Rushing up to Shakespeare, and grabbing him by the satin ruff around his neck, he pushed him back up against the wall. Shakespeare could feel the hardwood frame of an ancestral portrait cutting into the back of his neck.
“Listen,” hissed Walsingham, his face barely three inches from that of Shakespeare. “Listen well, my little theatrical impresario and so-called writer. We are all in this together, right?”
Shakespeare, his eyes bulging with terror, made no sound.
“Right?” snarled Walsingham again.
“Yes, yes, we are all in this together,” whispered Shakespeare slowly.
“It goes like this. Christopher is now free to travel through Europe and write plays as he pleases, yes?”
“Yes,” whispered Shakespeare.
“What was that? Was that a ‘yes’? I didn’t hear it clearly.”
“Yes. It was yes.”
“He sends the scripts back and you produce them, yes?”
“Yes.”
“Under your name, yes?”
“Yes.”
“And we will all make a lot of money and be very happy, right?”
“Right.”
“Well, then, what a lucky man you are, hey?” said Walsingham, slightly easing the pressure on Shakespeare’s neck. “All that kudos as the great writer, and not even having to write a word! Lucky Willy!”
“I guess so.”
“You guess so! You’ve already taken the glory for three of his plays, and it’s not a bad feeling is it, is it?”
“No, it’s not.”
“No, it’s not a bad feeling at all. And there is many more to come, I’ll wager a few guineas. And speaking of money, you win there, too, with the profits being split between Christopher as the writer, me as the controller of all this, and ten per cent for you, and a little for your friend Mr Budsby as the producer. So, are you complaining?”
“No, I’m not complaining. It’s just that …”
“It’s just nothing!” yelled Walsingham, tightening his hand on Shakespeare’s neck. “I did this, William, because young master Marlowe was about to be hurled on to the rack. Gods knows I love him, I’ve supported him, and I trust him. But, as Mr Kyd will now tell you, after his unfortunate experience, the searing pain of the rack makes a man want to open his mouth, and anything could come out.”
“I understand.”
“Some of his Free Thinking friends, like Mr Raleigh, might get a mention. Some of the work he has done for me over the years might pass his lips. Some of the things he has seen, heard and done around the pubs and taverns of this nasty city might come to light.”
“I suppose … I suppose he might break under pressure.”
“Might? He would. You would. We all would. Not only that, that evil little gossip-gatherer for the Court of the Star Chamber, Richard Baines, has been running around for the last ten days preparing a document accusing Christopher of all sorts of treason, atheism, and deviations. Once they get him in there, it will be the stake for him. Finished. Christopher Marlowe burned to charcoal.”
There was silence. Walsingham let go of Shakespeare’s ruff and stepped back. William moved his head away from the frame of the picture, and the pins-and-needles sensation that had developed in the back of his neck began to subside.
“So, William,” said Walsingham calmly, “that is why I have done all this. That is why I got Christopher out on bail on that Sunday when Kyd pointed the finger at him. That is why I had him being highly visible day and night right across London in that green doublet with the red lining, and the red hat with the bright yellow plume. That is why I had him down at that Privy Council every morning, on the dot, reporting, as directed, under the conditions of the bail.”
And here, Shakespeare looked in astonishment, as Walsingham suddenly began to accurately mimic Marlowe’s voice. “Good morning, gentlemen, here I am yet again, right on time, as requested, presenting my good self in the best of health, to reassure the agents of the Privy Council, her gracious Majesty and all that she surveys that I have not left the country, or worse still, decamped to Scotland, where it is so cold, how they wear those little kilts and nothing warming their crown jewels I will never know, and how are you today, Sir, the keeper of the report book, my God, you call that a wig, it looks like a dead stoat fixed to your scalp …”
Shakespeare began to smile at the image.
“You know how he goes on,” said Walsingham, waving his hand dismissively and returning to his own voice. “He drove them crazy, to the point that on the tenth day, May 30, they threw him out within seconds of signing the book.”
“I see,” said Shakespeare.
“Which meant he had time to join Skeres and Frizer in the coach, drive toward Deptford, where they met up with your friend David …”
“Derek! His name is, was, Derek.”
“Sorry, Derek, who was dressed in the same outfit. And then to jump unseen out the door on the other side of the carriage while Derek clambered aboard all hot and bothered over the come-on being given him by Skeres and Frizer, decamp into the forest where you waited for him with his Le Doux outfit and the equipment to shave off that wispy little smattering of fuzz he calls a beard, and take him through the woods to the other road to join up with the Queen of Nubia and her caravan, so beautifully assembled by your good self and Mr Budsby.”
“So you appreciate something that I did?”
“But of course, dear boy, that entourage was excellent!”
“Do you know how hard it is to get two camels in England with ten days’ notice?”
“I don’t. And I don’t want to. That is your art, my boy, your skill. My skill is to pull all this together, because we are all in this together. And let me remind you, young man.”
“Yes?”
“Why do you think I proposed the Queen of Nubia character?”
“I, er …”
“I will tell you. It is the perfect cover for him. The concept of royalty knows no bounds. Here, Rasa was treated as little more than a beautiful black slave of minor consequence.”
“Not unlike your view of Derek ..?”
“I will ignore that jibe, William. But royalty! Ah, there is another matter. Call yourself a Queen and suddenly the world is bowing and scraping humbly in your presence. It’s amazing what people will do in the presence of someone they have been told is further up the scale than they are!”
Shakespeare was taken aback. First mimicry, and now social commentary. He had never seen this side of the usually serious Sir Thomas.
“Royalty opens all doors,” continued Walsingham, “especially with the exotic addition of colour and beauty, and Rasa certainly has those elements. The French, the Italians, they will probably not have a clue what the Nubians are about, whether they are desert-dwelling savages or members of a sophisticated super race. All they will know is that they are being besotted by sheer beauty and elegance, dressed, if you will excuse the pun, to kill, and supported by an amazing entourage.”
“I get it.”
“Thus giving Mr Marlowe - that is, Monsieur Le Doux - the perfect opportunity to do his duty.”
“To write the plays ..?”
“Ha! You don’t think I sent him over there just to write plays, do you?”
“But …”
“No buts, William. Christopher is very important to me. Why do you think he is travelling under the name Le Doux?”
“Well, Mr Budsby decided to use it from the piece of paper someone handed to him outside the theatre. He liked the sound of it. He reckoned it had the sort of ring to it that would open doors for Christopher.”
“Exactly. It does, too. And who do you think organized to have the piece of paper placed in your wonderful, but occasionally gullible, mentor’s hands ..?”
William’s head started to spin. Is there no end, he thought, to the extraordinary way these people do things?
Walsingham did not give him time to answer.
“You have heard of the Babington Plot?” he continued quickly.
“The attempt out of France to murder Queen Elizabeth? Even Mary Queen of Scots was supposed to be involved with that.”
“Precisely. It was Christopher who did so much to destroy it.”
“You mean Christopher is a spy?”
“Government agent, William, please. Spy is such a tawdry word.”
“He works for the Government?”
“He does his duty for his country. He has done it before as Mr Le Doux, and he will be doing it again on this journey - when he can tear himself away, that is, from the entrancing beauty of the love of his life.”
“What sort of work?”
“Ah, now, that would be saying too much, William. This is a big game we play, with high stakes, and we all need to hold back a few cards. But let me say that, in this game, the hand that you are holding is not exactly flush with trumps.”
“I don’t understand.”
Walsingham leaned forward and Shakespeare realised from the glowering eyes that the mimic and comedian had been put to rest.
“I mean, William, just play with the cards you have been given. Don’t even remotely think about avenging your friend Derek. If you so much as attempt anything to link Skeres with his unfortunate demise, you will be signing your own death warrant. Understand?”
“Yes, I do.”
“William, after the briefest of coronial inspections, your friend Derek has been rapidly buried with no ceremony at all in an unmarked grave in the churchyard of St Nicholas at Deptford. You don’t want to join him there, in similar ignominious circumstances do you?”
“No!”
“Well, William, that is the power I have. I am power, William. I have links and connections everywhere. Sir Francis Walsingham was once Elizabeth’s Secretary of State, her most trusted servant, and her best government agent, until he unfortunately passed away three years ago. He was my cousin. Do you understand what I am saying?”
“Yes, yes!”
“There is only one body in that unmarked grave, and to the rest of the world, that body is Christopher Marlowe. You don’t want our little secret let out, and ruin your theatrical ambitions do you?”
“No.”
“So, let’s keep it that way, shall we?”
There was a long pause.
“Besides, William, how would you like to become a Gentleman?”
“A what?”
“A Gentleman. It’s a title. Not quite a Knight, certainly not a Peer, but nevertheless a nice little moniker lifting you out of the ruck of the hoi-polloi.”
“You mean, a lift in status for me?”
“It can be arranged. But not now! In the fullness of time, when all this is over and done with, and you have deserved it in the eyes of the public. Do we have a deal?”
Walsingham put out his hand to shake William’s.
As Shakespeare hesitated, a comforting hand rested across his shoulder and a voice said solemnly, “It’s the best thing, William, the best thing.”
Returned from seeing off the royal entourage, Budsby had been sitting quietly at the other end of the table, watching the scenario unfold, right from the first harsh clatter of a wine goblet across the marble floor. He was saddened that his young friend had been trapped like this and shocked that they had been ensnared in a web of subterfuge beyond their control. This was certainly not part of the plans and dreams they had joyously shared since that day they met by the cold stream. But he was experienced enough to see the light at the end of the tunnel, the opportunity beckoning, the money running through their hands.
Not to mention the long-term adulation that would be accorded his protégé.
“In fact,” he added, patting William on the shoulder, “it’s the only thing …”

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

“The funny thing is,” Anne Shakespeare said, staring out the window into the busy street, “in some ways, I miss him.”
“Miss him?” Polly Rogers replied incredulously. “Miss the man who walked out on you and your three children all those years ago? Miss him? You have to be joking, Anne. You’re going soft in the head!”
The words not only bounced around the tiny room, but reverberated out into the street, for Polly was known around town for her distinctive, metallic, jarring voice that, as one critic described it, “Sounds like a blacksmith’s hammer against the anvil, and can round up a herd of cattle three mountain ranges away.”
Anne could see Polly’s view. She was a good friend, strident voice and all, and knew all about marriage - she and Eric having had five children. But she and Eric were still together.
“Well, maybe it is not so much that I miss William,” said Anne, “but rather I simply want to catch up with him, just once, to find out about him, to see how he is going, to hear what he had been up to.”
“Oh … yes?” said Polly, narrowing her eyes and folding the massive forearms, honed on years of washing clothes.
“Yes! After all, you don’t get intimately involved with someone, have three babies by them, share their highs and lows, without developing some little special place in your heart for them - even if they do storm off in a fury one day.”
“But Anne, he’s a hundred miles away,” Polly said.
“Yes, but he’s still my husband. You know what they say, for richer or poorer, for better, for worse, ’til death us do part.”
“For me and my Eric it’s more like ’til death us do fart,” Polly replied, and the pair broke into laughter.
“We are not divorced,” Anne insisted, through the giggles. “I’m still Mrs Shakespeare. And I, occasionally, miss him. It’s as simple as that.”
She wasn’t exactly sure what it was she missed about him. Lord knows, he had been like a miserable old badger sometimes - sullen, moody, quarrelsome. She remembered how he did his job with little joy, he came home with little joy, he spread little joy. Occasionally they had their moments of passionate glory - after all, he was eight years younger than she was, and had the firm body of a youth.
She would fondly recollect the time she dramatically unwrapped herself from the curtain that hid their little bed from the living area, to present herself stark naked to him. And how his eyes had nearly popped out his head, not to mention something else out of his trousers, and how their once-passionate love, borne out of days bouncing in the haystack, had been rekindled until the next pregnancy came along.
Pregnancy.
Babies.
Ah yes, the children. They hadn’t really helped the situation. Susanna, arriving but a few months after their hastily contrived marriage, and the twins in 1585, born on the fateful day he just up and left.
He had always made it clear to her that he felt he was too immature for all that domesticity, too young to be a father, too naive to be caged into parenthood.
“I don’t understand babies,” he would say. The situation was never helped when she would retort, “Oh, really? You used to chase one…”
Yes, yes, yes, Anne Shakespeare thought, therein lies the real nub of the matter.
She knew that deep down in his heart, William had always been pining - or lusting, more likely - for the other Anne. The dead Anne. The tiny, young Anne Whateley, with her pretty face, bell-like laugh, and minuscule waist, that had sent him cross-eyed with love from the first time he saw her and whom he had publicly declared he was going to marry until, until, until ...
Well, Anne Shakespeare often thought, is it my fault he knocked me up in the haystack, thus ruining his plans to marry Anne Whateley? No. It’s not. Then a little smile would crease her tight lips and she would conclude, Not entirely, anyway …
She had been certain that during their tumultuous marriage, there were times when they had been making love that, in his mind, he was not loving her, but loving the other Anne. She had heard, via the gossip of Polly and the other ladies down at the market, that men do that sometimes - that they imagine they are with someone else, the one they really want to be with, to maintain their excitement and, well, get the job done.
It was a spooky feeling having three under the blankets - her, William, and the spirit of Anne Whateley.
But there was never any proof of this.
“What a pity her name was Anne, also,” she confided in Polly one day. “If he had called out ‘Ohh, Frances,’ or ‘Ohh, Maria’ or whatever, in the moment of conjugal bliss, instead of ‘Ohh, Anne,’ then I would have known who he really was thinking of.” And, she vowed, she could have then crossed her legs, squeezed his balls between her farm-girl horse-riding thighs like a pair of nuts between a nutcracker.
“At least he never cried out, ‘Oh, Frank, or Oh, Joseph,’” Polly said, crinkling her ruddy face, and they burst into laughter.
Whatever it was - the arrival of the twins, their daily struggle, her rural handsomeness as compared to Anne Whateley’s appealing beauty, maybe the fact she was much older than him - whatever the reason, his departure had been sudden, swift, unexpected.
The memory of that morning was still clearly etched in her brain. He had staggered up the stairs of their little above-shop rooms, filthy, hung-over, aggressive - and late for the birth of his own child. Which, as it turned out to be, had become two.
It was typical of his uncaring ways, Anne thought. There I was, having his babies, another two mouths to feed, and he was out getting drunk with his cronies.
But when the pot flew across the room and hit him - this time, thrown by his mother - it was the final straw. He up and left.
Now, after all these years, was it so bad that just occasionally she thought about him, wanted to know where he was?
Oh, she had heard some interesting tales along the gossip trail. How he had joined some sort of acting troupe or other, and travelled all over England. How he had done very well out of that, to the point that the troupe had moved on to London. How in the big city he was achieving fame as a writer, a situation she simply could never comprehend, seeing as throughout their time together William Shakespeare could do little more than put a few rudimentary words down on paper in a spidery hand.
Someone came back to Stratford one day and said they had spotted him going through Taunton, carrying a sign, promoting the show, behind a dwarf.
“That’d be right,” she said. “That’s our William - always let someone else go in front and cop the reaction, first.”
“Ugly as sin it was,” the witness told Anne. “Funny looking thing with a head like wot you see poking off the corner of a church.”
“Are we talking about the dwarf or William?”
“Get away with you. There was your William struttin’ along behind him with a sign, pitchin’ like, telling the people how great the show was.”
“Pitching?”
“Pretty good he was at it, and all. The show was packed out, and he seemed to be well-rewarded by the owner, a fat fellow with a big voice.”
When she heard ‘well-rewarded’ she had pricked up her ears. Perhaps a reward would come her way after all. Maybe at the end of the line she would get something significant in return for all the effort she had put in. Not the least of which was the constant care of Hamnet - and the money she had borrowed to try and cure his illness.
From the day he was born, the male of the twins never really got a firm foothold on the rocky cliff-face of life. He had cried for months on end as baby, refusing her milk, bringing up food, coughing and spluttering. His brown eyes were always lacking spark, his thin jowls pasty coloured, his little legs and arms without strength. His hair was always lank and dank.
When he screamed through the night, Anne used to wish she had someone with her that she could hand him over to, just for five minutes so she get away from him and try and get some rest. Then, she used to think that maybe it was better that William was, in fact, not around to hear it, and complain, and perhaps even get violent like some of the other fathers did when an ailing baby moaned all night.
“He’s a sickly child,” she used to tell her mother-in-law, Mary Shakespeare, when she came to visit. “I don’t know what to do about him. The doctors say they can’t find anything. But what would they know? People drop dead like flies from the Plague, and they have not a clue what to do about it.”
“He’ll grow out of it,” Mary would say, but never with any real conviction in her voice.
The two women had soldiered on together, forging a practical bond out of the otherwise difficult circumstances surrounding their links with Our William, as his mother would call him. Mary may well have been distressed and disgusted that their courting in the haystack had led to the unwanted pregnancy and rushed marriage. But she never mentioned it, nor, even if she may have preferred the other Anne as her daughter-in-law, did she ever display any malice.
Instead, Mary Shakespeare, mother of eight of her own children, simply, “Got on with it”, doing the best she could to ensure that her grandchildren and their mother had the best support she could muster.
She knew what it was all about. Her last child, Edmund, had been born in 1580, more than twenty-two years since her first, Joan, meaning that Uncle Eddy was barely three years older than William and Anne’s oldest, Susanna.
“Children are like that,” Mary said to her one day, as she gently surveyed the pale, sickly countenance of Hamnet and stroked his lank hair. “You bring them into this world, you do your best, some are taken by God before they are due, some go on to make you proud, and there’s always one …”
“Yes?”
“One child, my dear Anne, that just simply breaks your heart.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Samuel Davidson couldn’t understand it.
Here he was, a grown man, a strong man, a man who had been able for years to thrill audiences with his feats of amazing power. And before that, as a guard who could endure hours of monotonous standing on his feet, mixed with moments of intense physical action fighting off interlopers. Never once had he flagged, nor felt below par. With muscle, sinew, sword and crossbow, he had always served his masters well.
But, for weeks now, now he had been feeling sick.
A gnawing feeling had wormed its way into his stomach. His once awe-inspiring appetite had all but disappeared. His mind continually wandered. His energy reserves had dimmed to the point where carrying the massive ebony and gold spear had now become a tiresome chore, and spinning it around between thumb and forefinger to astonish the populace an almost impossible challenge.
He had never felt such a feeling of unwellness like this before, even when his skills had been put to the ultimate test and he had emerged from battle covered in the blood of the vanquished.
And now, as he stood ramrod straight and silent, in the great hall of the castle of the Baronet Luigi Grigoletto, grand master of the northern Italian city-state of Padua, it finally dawned on Samuel Davidson what was wrong.
He was homesick. Enough was enough!
Traversing France and Italy made-up in black theatrical paint to play the role of the silent, indestructible guard in the astonishing travelling entourage of the fabled Queen Rasa of Nubia was all very well, but he’d had his fill of it.
Now he wanted to go home. Back to England.
The word ‘fabled’ suited the situation best, because he knew Rasa was no more a royal than his little friend Soho was a physician. Not all that long ago he had been carrying her around the streets of London, flaunting herself as a near-naked slave-girl. But her anxious European hosts had been led to believe she was a Queen deserving of royal treatment, and so they were honouring her thus without question.
As the months had rolled by, Samuel had become more and more amazed at the way the integrity, dignity and believability of the travelling caravan had solidified, even multiplied, as it moved inexorably across the countryside. When the camel-led extravaganza had disembarked on the south-west coast of France, and arrived at their first point of call, at the home of a minor duke, they had been greeted with elements of surprise, a degree of warmth, and layers of suspicion.
But once the self-styled Queen had won these first hosts over with her mystique, her beauty, and her intelligence, supported by the witty conversation of her charming, almost cheeky, private secretary, Monsieur Le Doux, the door had been suddenly flung open to the rest of the world. The rumour mill had begun rolling, and the story had flashed around the cities and villages like wildfire about the exotic royal from Africa who was heading through Europe, apparently with the intention of reaching Constantinople, although they seemed to be zigzagging all over the place with no obvious target in mind, often swapping back between Italy and France.
The thrust of the story was that anyone with a bit of political clout who could manage to secure her as a household guest was indeed a lucky man.
The situation was pre-empted and made all the more believable by the appearance of an advance diplomat at the walls, bearing a flag of peace, and insisting on seeing the city’s master.
“Tell him I have special news of the Queen of Nubia who is travelling these lands,” he would say. Once inside the inner sanctum the well-dressed, cultured young Ambassador To The Court of the Queen of Nubia - in fact, a Budsby group actor, “One of the better graduates of Will’s acting classes,” as the big fellow once described him - would go into action.
In eloquent tones, and working to a well-tried script, he would pass on titbits of information to whet the appetite of the duke, earl, tribal chief, king, warlord, marquis, or whoever it was that ran the fiefdom. “Her beauty is unparalleled,” he would declare to the intrigued ruler and his assembled courtiers.
“Good sir,” he would add, approaching the seat of the potentate, “I have seen many women in my time, but she cannot be surpassed. Her skin is of the most flawless ebony, her eyes are of the most engaging deep brown that makes a man’s heart flutter when she gazes upon you, her cheekbones ride high. Her lips are as full as the ripest, fattest grape waiting to be plucked, and when she smiles and bursts into a most delectable laugh, the brilliance radiates for a good half mile.
“And, Master,” - and it was here that the actor, having surveyed the boss’ physical stature, knew which way to shape the words to ensure a warm feeling of expectation would be generated - “I have it on the best of authority from my most trusted of observers that she favours a man such as yourself. The stocky, well-rounded person, that is, and of a height she would not find challenging … A man whose endowments are spoken of in hushed tones in every corner of the earth. A man from every pore of which there exudes masculinity, strength and power, even from those pores that once were hosts to that much over-emphasised cranial accoutrement known as hair…”
Warm smiles would start to radiate from the person sitting in the chair.
There would be more.
“If I may, sir,” the ambassador would inquire discreetly, “may I please have permission to step forward and privately apprise you of detail of a more, shall we say, intimate nature.”
Having received the regal nod, he would step up and whisper in the aristocratic ear, “Sire, she is from an African tribe where it is well-known that their approach to the physical act of love is of a wild, hedonistic nature, and not subject to the constraints of our much-vaunted but, alas, restrictive society. As well, the Nubians are a remarkable people, my liege. Their history is centred on the mining, production, and use of gold. Gold, sire, gold! They live for gold, they love gold, they wear gold, they worship gold, they kill for gold, they take it to their grave with them, such is the bounteous supply they have under the expansive stretches of the otherwise inhospitable sandy desert they call home. Why, her dresses are hemmed in gold, her hair is tied in a turban edged in gold, and underneath her attire it is said that her black, luxurious locks are braided in gold.
“And I do not just mean the hair on her head, sire, if you get my drift…”
By now the esteemed leader would be deeply taken by all this, almost salivating at the prospect of bedding a gold-embossed super-lover, and willing to hear more.
“And, sire,” - and here, the messenger would lower his voice even further so the remainder of the court could not hear - “even more reliable sources tell me that hanging from the nipple of her magnificent left breast is a ring of the purest gold.
“It is said that the true sign of a most harmonious visitation, master - that is, the indicator to the host’s credentials as a real man - is to find the ring amid the bed-sheets the next morning…”
Well, that would be enough for any self-respecting prince, potentate, or warlord.
Even if he were short, fat and balding.
And by the time the turret guards first sighted the entourage looming in the distance, with Soho and the strongman leading the way, the chief would be rubbing his hands in glee at the prospect of seeing this vision of loveliness, having a wild night in the bed, and scoring a gold bonus at the end. Perhaps even establishing a long-term relationship, possibly even marriage, and access to all those reserves of gold resting under the sand dunes?
But little would he know that he would have to pay, and sometimes pay dearly, to even get close to fulfilling his fantasy. To begin with, he would soon discover that an underlying notion of regality is timelessness. Royalty operates in a time frame bordering on suspended animation. And once the entourage was enthusiastically welcomed through the guarded city-state walls by the astonished populace and had settled in its rooms, events would move at a slow pace.
Days, nights, weeks would pass.
The Queen would be a most engaging guest - bright, charming, talkative - but able to curtail any conversation with a sudden display of the most stony, regal face. She would flirt - many a lust-ridden prince would suddenly feel the brush of a knee encased in purest silk against his under the table. But she would then calm the salivating host’s post-dinner ardour with the stoic face, and tease him with a promise.
“When the moon,” she would whisper to in his willing ear, “is directly placed in line with your palace and my homeland, then we shall order the bed to be aligned in the same direction, and make love to honour our two great states.
“But not until then.”
In the meantime, little did he know that during the dinner, he had been pumped for information by her talkative and engaging private secretary, a strange little chap named Le Doux who seemed to blunder naively into conversation about all manner of things, including the delicate power structures pervading the land.
Many a potentate woke up with a hangover the next day, not realising the night before he had blabbed state secrets, hectored the table about old political adversaries, praised current allies, and revealed hitherto sensitive plans for attack on a neighbour, or a whole series of city-states within the region.
Little would he realise that all this information was later being scribbled down by this pleasant young man and being sent back by courier to London.
He was not to know that Monsieur Le Doux was in fact Christopher Marlowe, presumed-dead playwright, and skilled intelligence-gatherer for Sir Thomas Walsingham, master spy of England.
“Why do you need all this information?” Rasa asked Christopher one night as he jotted down some final notes, before sneaking out of her chamber and down to his room.
“It’s important, it’s what I do, it’s what Sir Thomas wants,” he said.
“But these are all little city-states, puffed up by their own importance, wary of their neighbour down the road, committed to either Catholicism or Protestantism - they have their own little battles to fight. What importance is that to England?”
“Ah, yes, but say, they resolved some of their differences, patched up their problems, united, and started to look outward. Isn’t there and old Arabic saying? Ah, yes, ‘My enemy’s enemy is my friend.’”
“So?”
“So, the last thing England needs is a united France, or a united Italy, or somesuch, ready to take us on.”
“But you beat the Spanish?”
“More by good fortune than good management, my dear. History will show that the fickle stormy winds of the south-west blew their Armada to its doom as much as the cannon of Drake’s mighty fleet. God bless English weather, that’s what I say!”
“My God,” Rasa said, pretending to shiver, “don’t remind me of the weather in England. Sometimes when I was on that litter with Mr Budsby going around south London my nipples were standing up barking.”
“But that’s the whole point,” Marlowe said, “we want England to remain English, appalling weather and all. We do not want anyone else taking over our lovely little isle. What if a dozen cities in Italy - including the Venetians for example, one of the most powerful flotillas in the world - were to unite with, say, the Spanish, and come back and have another go at us? We would be wiped out.”
“So, what happens with all this material you are gathering, this, this …”
“Intelligence is the word you are looking for.”
“Intelligent seems the least apt description for it. It sounds the pompous meanderings of immature bully-boys.”
“Not intelligent, my dear, intelligence. Intelligence.”
“There’s a difference?”
“It means inside information. Whether it is intelligent, bright, or correct is another matter. I send it all back to Sir Thomas and he … he … well, he does things.”
“Does things?”
“He’s a very clever man. For a start, look how organised my death, how he maintains this expensive, extraordinary show on the road, how he gets my plays couriered back to London for William to produce.”
“Yes, I see what you mean,” said Rasa, nodding slowly. Even now, after all this time on the road, she still shook with fright at the thought of that day back in London when Walsingham had visited her and explained, in the calmest of manners, that all was not what it seemed.
William Shakespeare did not write, he had told her, Christopher had been the real engine room of the group’s literary output, and he was in mortal danger. To solve it all, Walsingham proposed to kill him off. Before she knew where she was, she was suddenly the Queen of Nubia, heading an amazing entourage down in the Deptford docks. Her dead-to-the-world lover was now her royal secretary with a new name, and she was sworn to secrecy and assigned to play this role for seemingly forever. As they toured through Europe, nothing would astonish her about Walsingham and his machinations.
“So, similarly,” continued Christopher, “in the interests of our great nation, he works out the best way to ensure that these potentially dangerous alliances do not come to pass. He destabilises them, he brings them undone.”
“How?”
“I wish you did not ask that question, my love. Some of the results make me cringe in horror. But for example, rumours are started and which catch on like wildfire. A story might be circulated, say, about a certain principality’s lack of armaments, as distinct from the figures that were laid on the table when the alliance was being formed.”
“I see.”
“Stories of previous grudges will be revived. Rumours of an alliance involving another state down the track that the first person hates will be circulated. Smear campaigns will be conducted about a leader’s mental state, his passion for drink, his religious persuasions, his sexual preferences or lack thereof. And if all else fails, he leaves this mortal coil.”
“What? People get killed?”
“Sir Thomas prefers to say that he arranges to have them prematurely called to meet their Maker.”
“Good heavens!”
“Oh, don’t worry, my love, if it happens, you won’t even know. But make no mistake, Sir Thomas is ruthless enough to have anyone removed that constitutes a threat to Queen Elizabeth and to England. He learnt that from his cousin.”
“Cousin?”
“Sir Thomas is skilled at his job, but even he admits that Sir Francis Walsingham was the consummate professional. It was Francis who put things in motion that lead to the execution of Mary Queen of Scots.”
“Really?”
“And they say it was Francis who organised the death of that Catholic French-woman, Mary of Guise - the mother of Mary Queen of Scots - when she was looking down from Scotland with her eyes on the English throne. She had already beaten the Protestant soldiers rebelling against her at Leith, but Elizabeth sent up troops to help lay siege against her at Edinburgh, although, God knows, some of them were just boys.”
“When I see twelve-year-olds, barely removed from their mother’s breasts, marching in these armies, my heart breaks,” said Rasa.
“Well, Francis Walsingham resolved that. At the height of it all, he turned up, Mary of Guise suddenly and for no apparent reason died, and Walsingham was last seen quietly making his way back to London. He put down the rebellion by the Earl of Essex and others too.”
“So, Sir Thomas goes to those lengths, too?”
“Well,” said Christopher, smiling slightly. “There are a series of gentlemen’s rules in this game. You can’t be quite so overt on foreign soil. Instead, people die in their sleep. Or mysteriously fall off their horse. Or find that the soup they had for supper tasted a little too bitter for their liking … He has ways and means of getting agents inside to do his bidding, and then get out again, without witnesses.”
Rasa looked at the kindly, boyish face of her lover.
“You?” she said suddenly. “You would not do such a thing, would you?”
“No, no, no,” he said leaning forward to look her straight in the eye. “That is not my job, nor my way. Besides, I have my plays to write.”
That had been an important aspect of their travels, too. For, just as it was vital for him to write his intelligence reports and send them back to London, it was also essential for him to research and write his plays.
Many a host would become intrigued with the talkative young man, this private secretary who spent a lot of time in the house library, wandering around the city, examining buildings and talking to people, and then writing furiously in his room.
Eventually, though, there would come the moment when it was time to move on - Christopher having gathered all the information he needed for Sir Thomas, and completed any research he needed for a new play.
It was then that the anxious prince or warlord, by now beside himself with anticipation of the night of nights, would finally get lucky. That night, at dinner, Rasa would come down wearing her, as she called it, come-on gown - a stunning piece of work in shimmering green silk, trimmed in gold, with a plunging neckline. She would flirt with her host, knock his knees, and place her hand on his thigh. She would whisper in his ear, and while she was leaning over to do so, ensure the plunging neckline would reveal the magnificent dark breasts, and, yes, a flash of gold sparkling from the left one.
She would ensure he was plied with plenty of wine, and eventually, with precision timing she would lean over and whisper in his ear, “The moon.”
“Yes!” would come the enthusiastic reply.
“The moon is in perfect alignment…”
And the dining room would be cleared, and the couple, with the doe-eyed male humming in anticipation, would head off hand-in-hand up the stone steps to the royal chamber.
The next day, usually around midday, the warlord would awake with warm but extremely fuzzy memories.
But the memories would all he would have left to rely on, because he would be advised that the entire entourage of Queen Rasa had packed up overnight, had risen early, and left at dawn.
It was only after a dozen or so of these interludes that Samuel Davidson had finally had the courage to broach the subject of fidelity with Rasa one day, as they took a break from travelling through southern France.
They had settled under the arches of the magnificent Pont du Gard, the major bridge carrying part of the stone aqueduct that the Romans had built 1500 years earlier to carry fresh water from Uzes to Nimes.
“Rasa,” Samuel said hesitantly, when Christopher and Soho had wandered out of earshot to marvel at the three levels of symmetrical stone arches of the mighty construction over the Gard River, “you know we are friends.”
“We have been the firmest of friends,” she said, “since the day you drove off those men who killed Hercules and tried to rob us near Norwich.”
“That is right, Rasa, and…”
“And we have been friends through all the times since - our days on the road, our times in London, our spectacular departure from Deptford, and now our journey through France.”
“Yes, and in that time, you have always been a friend of mine. And the lover of Christopher, whom I consider my friend, too. And I just wonder, that is, I was just intrigued, that, you know, with these princes, and warlords, like, um …that is …”
Rasa let his words trail off, her face displaying her regal pose. Then suddenly, she burst into a smile, and let out a mighty laugh that echoed through the canyon, bouncing off the shiny, white stones that bordered the edge of the river.
“You mean,” she said eventually, leaning forward and grasping the strong-man’s giant hand tenderly, “you mean, Samuel, that when we inevitably reach the final night of these escapades, and the little tin-pot potentate and I are last seen heading up the stairs hand-in-hand, am I then unfaithful to Christopher?”
The big fellow shifted uneasily, picked up a stone and hurled it into the slow-flowing water. “Yes, that is what I am asking.”
“Look,” said Rasa, pointing behind him. “Look, see?”
The strong man turned around to take in the view. About one hundred yards away, the mighty Pont du Guard, a supreme example of Roman engineering, straddled the river.
They could make out Christopher and Soho walking across the platform of the first tier of arches. Marlowe was walking delicately, ensuring he would not stray too close to the unguarded side and fall into the slow-flowing river, while Soho, typically, was doing handstands and tumbles.
“See, see how strong that mighty construction is?” said Rasa. “They were so clever, they built it of accurately-carved lumps of yellow-stone piled on top of each other, the one holding the next, even the archways suspended by their own weight.”
“Yes, yes, I see,” said Samuel.
“Well, then, that is how strong my love for Christopher is. And see how perfectly shaped the arches are. Three tiers of exquisite beauty. That is how beautiful our love is.”
Samuel nodded.
“And the Romans, they loved to do things directly,” added Rasa. “No going around bends or over hills for them. See at the top, there is the channel that carried the water. That is what will happen with our love, it will flow on forever.”
Samuel looked at her and began to nod.
“Not only that,” she said, her voice hardening, “it is functional, too. The Romans arrived at Nimes even before the times of Jesus. They could build a colosseum, but they could not drink the water.”
“I see.”
“So, what did they do? They built this aqueduct to carry the pure, sweet water from a spring thirty miles away, just so they could bathe and drink and cook without feeling ill. Like the Romans, I, too, have a difficult job to do.”
“Yes.”
“And like the Romans, I have devised the perfect solution that allows me to still remain faithful to my Christopher.”
“You have?” said Samuel, his heart starting to lift.
“You should know by now, Samuel, having worked with Mr Budsby and William for so many years, that all is never what it seems.”
“I know that only too well.”
“The art is to get the master of the house so drunk that, in fact, nothing ever happens. When a man wakes up in the morning with a thumping headache, his pants around his ankles, and his prick holding up the sheet like a tent-pole, he immediately concludes he must have had a good time and is subsequently happy for the next few days.”
“Absolutely,”
“Especially when he finds a golden ring among the bed-sheets …”
The strong man began to laugh.
“You will be amazed,” continued Rasa, “how quickly some of these ardour-struck romancers are snoring from the effects of the wine the minute we hit the bed.”
“I think I have been guilty of that once or twice.”
“And you will be intrigued to know that there have been some, who, after all the bravado in front of their courtiers, have confessed in their drunken stupor that they would actually prefer to be under the sheets with Christopher instead. They swear me to silence, turn over, and that’s the best night’s sleep I ever get.”
“You mean some of these little dictators are faggots?” rumbled Davidson. “Well, I’ll be.”
“But, of course, there is always one wild-card in the pack, the sex-charged Lothario who is going to try and make love to me no matter what.”
“And?”
“A few grains of a little white powder that Christopher obtained for me from Sir Thomas, placed surreptitiously in his drink, does the trick.”
“Knocks him right out?”
“Within minutes,” said Rasa. “The best result was that awful man back at Bordeaux, what was his name, Deauville?”
“You mean, the fat fellow with the bulbous nose, that kept dribbling in his beard?” said Samuel enthusiastically. “My stomach turned when you started to walk out with him.”
“Mine did, too. Especially when he kept whispering in my ear that he was hung like a donkey!”
“And ..?”
“As it turned out, after the sleeping draught had taken its effect, I examined this subject of such boasting with great interest.”
“Not up to scratch?”
“Hah!” said Rasa, waving her hand dismissively. “You will remember that Bordeaux was also the place where we left the next morning, much, much earlier than usual. Before the cock crowed - or in this case, before the cock burst.”
“Burst? I don’t understand?” said Samuel looking puzzled.
“Samuel,” said Rasa, leaning forward, “I couldn’t resist it. After all that boasting.”
“What?”
“Well, when he woke up in the morning, he did indeed have the headache, his pants around his ankles, a stiff tent-pole, and the gold ring in the bed.”
“Yes.”
“Only in this case, the ring was firmly screwed onto his cock.”
The big strong-man hesitated for a second, then threw back his head, and his massive chest, honed on years of lifting weights, heaved with laughter.
“Well, after all that boasting,” continued Rasa matter-of-factly, “when I discovered it was so tiny, I couldn’t resist.”
The big fellow doubled over in laughter. “What a picture,” he said. “What an image you paint.”
“When I left, the ring was nicely seated at the base of his limp little turnip, but we have it on good authority when he woke in the morning, it was now painfully circumventing an enlarged, red, and very sore dick, and it took the court goldsmith two days to cut it off.”
The strong man began to wipe the tears from his eyes. “And did he, ah dear, did he find out, did he find out that …”
“That all the jewellery we wear is fake theatrical props, supplied by the Budsby entertainment group? I don’t know. But if he did, considering the circumstances in which he discovered our little subterfuge, I don’t think he was ever going to let on, or chase us down. From what I gather, the goldsmith has been made a viscount and sworn to secrecy.”
And the strong man put his head back and let out another laugh, a laugh that Budsby would have been proud of, a laugh that echoed up and down the Gard river valley.
It was a laugh that almost but not quite drowned out the screaming noise that had suddenly erupted from the direction of the aqueduct.
“Sssh,” said Rasa suddenly, “sshoosh!”
She cocked her ear and listened again, as Samuel Davidson tried to regain his composure, wiping the tears from his eyes, and saying “Ah, dear, ah dear.”
“Quiet!” hissed Rasa again, putting her hand over the big man’s mouth.
The scream came again, only this time, more audible and making some sort of sense. “Help!” said the voice. “Help! Rasa, Samuel, come quick.”
The pair turned to see Christopher standing on the aqueduct, screaming and flapping his arms uncontrollably.
A feeling like being stabbed in the back with a dagger of ice overwhelmed Rasa when she realised that Christopher was now alone, and Soho was nowhere to be seen.
The picture began to become clear when Marlowe began pointing down toward the water on the other side of the aqueduct. “Soho! Soho’s fallen. He’s fallen in!”
By now Samuel Davidson had jumped to his feet, his big frame slowly picking up speed, as he began to run along the stony edges of the waterway, shouting, “Show me, show me. Where is he? Where is he?”
The stones were large and slippery, and crunched under his feet, and it seemed to take ages as the strongman ran as best as he could, with Rasa in pursuit. The rest of the entourage, now attracted by the noise, began to rapidly break away from their lunch in a clearing in the lightly wooded forest.
Samuel reached the aqueduct, and ran under the archway support closest to the river, his heart pounding from the exertion and the fear of losing the life of his little friend. They had supported each other from the first day they met, not only as an act, but off-stage, as well. An incongruous pair, they raised eyes wherever they went, and even on this tour, when they had finished their duties for the day, they had enjoyed going out to the local eating houses to see the sights, amaze the locals with their tricks, and cadge a few drinks.
Samuel began to blindly run into the water. He looked up to Marlowe who was fearfully standing near the edge, but not too close, and shouted, “Where is he, where is he?”
“There, there,” said Marlowe, pointing to a spot about one-third of the way in from the shore.
Samuel began to wade in, and was all prepared to plunge full body into the water, when he realised that, as it was summer, the level was still only barely above his knees. He thrashed on, and when he got to the point where Marlowe was gesticulating, he looked down in the clear water, which by now was about three feet deep.
There, lying on the stony bottom, was Soho, flat on his back.
The water was clean enough to see him clearly, and in that instant Samuel noticed how the little fellow’s eyes were shut and his gargoyle face, instead of being twisted in its traditional image of fun, was calm, tranquil, almost in repose. His little misshapen hands, the ones with the big sausage-shaped fingers on such tiny palms, were crossed over his chest.
“Soho,” screamed Samuel. “Soho!” And plunging his giant forearms into the water he bent down, slid them under the tiny body, and scooped him out in a split-second.
Water flew everywhere as the sun glinted on the still face of the tiny gargoyle.
From up above, Marlowe held his hands to his face and mumbled, “No, no, please Lord, no, no.”
“No!” screamed Samuel, staring to the heavens. “No!”
By now Rasa had reached the water’s edge. Marlowe spotted her and began blabbering through his tears.
“He was just tumbling,” he stammered. “Tumbling. You know how he loved to somersault. He went to the very top, and he just got too close and went over the edge.”
The strong man looked up at Marlowe. His years in the mummers troupe told him that the little fellow had dropped from about one hundred and fifty feet, an enormous height, even for the most resilient and experienced performer.
He slowly trudged out of the water, and laid Soho down on the stones, as the entire entourage gathered around. There was a moment’s silence, as all conversation was still, while heads were bowed to stare at the lifeless, baby-sized body. Samuel Davidson’s tears of laughter from just a few moments before had been erased and replaced by tears of immense sorrow.
“Ohh, Soho, Soho,” said the big man, “don’t leave me now.”
He leaned forward, placed his ear near the tiny misshapen mouth, and after a few seconds drew back, and shook his head.
There was a shocked murmur through the crowd.
And as Samuel gently leaned forward again and kissed the little gargoyle on the forehead, people began to look away.
For a few moments, only the sound of the big man’s sobbing could be heard above the babble of water flowing across the stones.
Then, in a symbolic gesture underlying his relationship, he slid his huge hands under the tiny body, stood up, and effortlessly held Soho up towards the sky, like an offering to the gods, tears streaming down his face.
He opened his mouth to say something, to let out his feelings of grief and anger. But, just as his small friend had had to endure for his entire life, no sound came.
“You are cruel, God,” came a voice. “So cruel.” It was Marlowe, who had scrambled down from the aqueduct and now was making his way through the parting group.
“You dealt him the wild card in life,” he shouted skywards, as he joined Davidson at his side.
“A body such as no man should deserve,” he continued, shaking his fist at the sky. “Diminutive and twisted and silent. Yet he took up your heinous challenge, and lived with it, with dignity and grace and humour, and no anger or jealousy or regret. And now, when he has given so much, done so much and deserved to live out his days in peace, you have suddenly, so cruelly taken him from us. I wonder about you, God. I really wonder about you. Why would you do such a thing to such a man? Housing such a beautiful spirit in a broken temple? Where is the compassion, the love, the forgiveness that we hear so much about? Why is it your believers speak so much of love but inflict so much cruelty in your name? Are you jealous and vindictive because he played your nasty little game with grace and enthusiasm and was beating you? I wonder about you, God. I just wonder.”
It was Marlowe at his best - in full flight exploring all the options in a situation that was not lost on Rasa, who had now joined his side. Her brilliant Christopher, the wordsmith, stepping up and supplying the material from behind the scenes for someone who, for whatever reason, was incapable of doing so …
“He may have been a little man,” Marlowe added, pointing skyward in a jabbing motion. “You made sure of that, God. But he will leave a giant hole in our hearts.”
And as Samuel Davidson turned and trudged slowly across the stones towards the camp, clasping the body of his dearest friend to his chest, he realised that the sickness that had been debilitating him for all these months, had now overwhelmed him.
Truly, it was time to go home.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

At first William Shakespeare thought he vaguely recognised the woman standing in the doorway. The red, glowering, complexion, the crinkled face, the cheap black dress trimmed in white, the big forearms folded aggressively.
He had seen her before, a long time ago, but where? Rapidly he tried to sift through the portfolio of faces his memory had collected over the years.
Under which category was it filed? Around the theatre traps, maybe? Among the many thousands that had filled the seats at Uncle Percy’s? On the road with the travelling mummers? Perhaps as far back as growing up in Stratford?
His efforts to remember were not helped by the fact that he was standing before the stranger totally nude.
He had jumped out of bed when he had heard the commotion at the door, and was now frantically fumbling around in the half-light of the early morning for his pants, a shirt, a cape, anything, to cover his nakedness.
Meanwhile Mr Mullins, in nightshirt, was standing behind the stranger, apologetically declaring, “I’m sorry Mr William. She just burst through the door of the tavern and insisted on seeing you. I couldn’t do anything about it, what with the horrible noise waking up half of London.”
“Noise?” said Shakespeare, hastily concluding the best camouflage he could find was a silk ruff and holding it strategically in front of him. “You mean the knocking on the door?”
“Er, not exactly,” said Mr Mullins, tilting his head towards that of the stranger.
“So!” the woman spat out, “this is where you have been holed up for all these years.”
As soon as the first ear-shattering bark blistered across the room, William’s memory kicked into life and rapidly brought up a face and name.
He knew that voice - sounding not unlike a blacksmith’s hammer against an anvil - anywhere.
Mr Mullins gave a little shrug of the shoulders as if to say, “Told you so” and sauntered off down the hallway to go back to bed, while the memories came flooding back to William.
“P-P-P-Polly?” said William. “Is that you? I mean, there is no doubt it is you, is there?”
He moved to extend a hand of greeting, but in doing so, dropped the ruff on the floor. He looked down to see there was nothing covering him again, hastily scooped up the fragment of cloth and returned to his original pose.
“Hmmm, not bad, not bad at all,” said Polly.
“Oh, well,” said Shakespeare, turning red, “there’s never been any complaints over the years.”
“I don’t mean the size of your turnip, you idiot,” barked Polly, looking around the room, “I mean this place. Certainly better than what you left your wife stuck in, back in Stratford.”
And it was, too. After Rasa and most of the troupe had left to go abroad with Monsieur Le Doux, William and Sarah had used some of the profits from the tavern performances to renovate the top floor, merging three of the tiny bedrooms, to make their own well-appointed love-nest. At one end of the long, narrow room was a giant carved Blackwood wardrobe, with a highly polished mirror edged in gilt. A small table along one wall supported a vase of fresh flowers. The walls were painted a brilliant white, and on the polished floor was a large hand-woven rug featuring some sort of desert motif. Hanging from the ceiling was the largest wrought-iron candelabra Polly had seen in her life.
At the other end of the room was a huge double bed, also made of the polished Blackwood, with a canopy of cream-colored silk draped from four, thick, carved ceiling-high posts.
In the gloom, among the drapes of the canopy, Polly could just make out another figure in the bed.
“And I see that you’re not exactly missing your wife, either,” said Polly.
A voice emanated sleepily from behind the silk canopy. “What? What’s going on? William, what’s happening?”
“Nothing, darling, nothing,” said William, half-turning toward her, “go back to sleep.”
The figure obediently rolled over, as William, now rousing to anger, brushed past Polly, went to the other end of the room, withdrew a robe from the big wardrobe and hurriedly pulled it on. “What’s this all about?” he snarled.
“I have something to tell you, it’s important!” Polly said, without stepping back a pace.
Shakespeare looked at the face of the intrusive messenger. It had been many years since he had seen her, and the memories came flooding back. Of how Polly had been Anne’s best friend, had been her matron of honour at their hastily-arranged wedding, and one of the sourest participants in their miserable excuse for a reception. She had been around through the small amount of good times, just about all of the bad times, and at the birth of the three children.
Throughout it all, she had certainly been a good friend of Anne. And an unrelenting, harsh critic of him.
He could see now from the look on her face that this situation had not changed, and if anything, had only magnified since his departure from Stratford for, what? How long was it now? More than ten years?
“We’ll go downstairs,” said Shakespeare, pointing toward the door.
Polly turned to go, but not before she had one more glance at the figure in the bed, observing that the sleeping woman was heavily pregnant.
William ushered Polly down the stairs and into the performers’ dressing room at the side of the tavern stage.
She looked surprised for a second, but could see William was comfortable with this. This was the room where he and Budsby had had some of their most private conversations over the years, had made some of their biggest decisions, devised some of their most successful plans, told each other their most important news.
But William was not prepared for this revelation.
“It’s Hamnet,” Polly said.
“Hamnet?” said Shakespeare, looking puzzled.
“Your son, you fool. He’s dying.”
For a long time William stared blankly into the ruddy face of Polly Rogers, unsure how to handle this, not convinced of what he should say. Not clear, even, on what he was expected to say.
Yes, Hamnet was his son. His boy. His own flesh and blood. One of the twins.
But, wait a moment, thought Shakespeare, let us put this into perspective. How many times have I seen him? Once. How many times have I held him? None. What had happened on the day he and his sister were born? A pot was thrown at me and I walked out of the place. Whose fault was that? Let’s not get into that …
He stared into Polly’s eyes.
Hmmm, maybe she had been the one behind the idea of calling him Hamnet. What sort of a name is Hamnet? My God, a man walks down the road to get a breath of fresh air, to put a bit of space between himself and a minor domestic trauma, and before you know it, they have named his son and heir Hamnet. Thank God, I kept walking that day and met Mr Budsby by the side of that icy stream. Thank God that he took me on board and that he taught me everything I know as we toured around the counties with our brave little gang of performers. Thank God that we came to London and achieved success beyond our wildest expectations.
Thank the Lord, no wait, praise the Lord, that I met Sarah, and that she is now upstairs carrying my baby. Our baby! A baby to be born out of our enduring, joyous relationship. A relationship based on love and trust, a relationship that has taken years to evolve out of the wreckage of the disaster that was my marriage, a relationship that has finally washed away the pain and misery of the death of Anne Whateley.
Why as God is my witness, I see Sarah for herself, and herself only. And when I am loving her, I am truly loving her, and not some phantom image of Anne Whateley that use to loom as clear as day in my mind when I was loving, for want of a better term, Anne my wife.
He narrowed his eyelids and continued to stare at Polly before finally giving his heartfelt response.
“So?” he said calmly.
“So!” shrieked Polly, the hammering voice making the curtains on the wardrobes flutter. “Is that all you can say when I tell you your son is dying? So? Is that it? So?”
“Yes. So. What do you expect of me?”
“I expect, your wife expects, any normal person would expect, that you would show some concern, some feeling of sadness, some interest in the situation, some indication that you might go back to Stratford to see how can you help.”
“I am not wanted in Stratford, I was thrown out of Stratford.”
“You left Stratford, William. Left it. It’s a different thing.”
There was silence.
“What is wrong with him?” said Shakespeare eventually.
“I don’t know.”
“So, you come all the way to London to tell me that my son is dying, and you don’t know what is wrong with him?”
“No one knows! All we know is that he has never been a strong child, always sickly, never been able to handle illness.”
“So, if he has been sick for so long, what is suddenly different in his condition this time to indicate that he might be dying?”
“This time, a mother knows.”
“You are not his mother.”
“I’m speaking on behalf of his mother. She asked me - no, wait, I volunteered - to come here and tell you, that he is nearing death. Perhaps you would at least have the decency to send some money to help with the doctor’s bills.”
There was another long silence as the enemies eyed each other.
Enemies, yes, that is what we are, concluded William. Enemies. She may well have been my wife’s best friend at the time, but she never liked me, for reasons I never knew. And I have never really liked her.
“It is no business of mine,” he said firmly.
A look of shock came over Polly’s face. “No business? In heaven’s name, you are his father.”
“I am his father in name only. I was never really given the opportunity to be his father.”
“Well, then I will give you the opportunity.”
“What do you mean?”
“Just you see, Mr Producer and Writer, just you see,” sneered Polly. Her voice lower, but still contained the metal harshness. “Unless you come to Stratford, or some financial arrangement is forthcoming, then Anne and her children, including her near-to-death son, will come up to London and tell the whole world what an unfaithful, lying ne’er-do-well you are. See how you promote that event, Mr Theatre.”
She brushed past him, made her way through the empty tavern area, and stormed out the front door.
As the front door banged, and William hesitantly walked out of the changing room, a rumbling voice echoed across the tavern.
“Good heavens,” said the voice, “and to think that we missed securing the services of such a talent as that!”
“Talent?”
“Yes, my boy. I can hear you pitching it up now. ‘Come, Ladies and Gentlemen, be amazed by the sounds of The Woman With The Voice That Shatters Glass. You will not believe what you hear when she opens her mouth and emits a sound, a noise that makes the banshee wail of the condemned sinner in the burning pyre of hell resemble a mother singing a lullaby to her suckling baby. Enter the tent at your own peril, a penny a listen, small children are advised to block their ears with wax …’”
And he laughed his mighty laugh, and William Shakespeare’s face broke into something approaching a grin.
“Ah, that is better, young man,” continued Budsby, as he reached the bottom of the stairs. “The smile is what we like to see. And you have plenty of things to smile about, have you not?”
“I guess so.”
“There’s no guessing about it all, young William. Let us consider the situation. In the three and a half years since young master Marlowe met his, shall we say, unfortunate demise, and I use that word advisedly, the name of William Shakespeare has ascended to the stellar heavens as The Writer of all England, has it not?”
“Yes, but …”
“It has,” interrupted Budsby, “because of your wonderful ability to produce the scripts in your name upon their arrival from France, or Italy, or wherever our late lamented writer is at the time.”
“Yes, but …”
“No buts. And haven’t you had tremendous success with some of these - A Midsummer Night’s Dream, for example? Richard the Second, and that gripping thing about the Jew wanting his pound of flesh, what was it called again?”
“The Merchant of Venice.”
“Precisely. Not forgetting Henry IV, with that amusing, larger-than-life character, Sir John Falstaff which,” and here, Budsby began patting his stomach, “I am not too modest to admit, our young friend Marlowe may well have modelled on me.”
“That is true, but …”
“Allowing you,” interrupting Budsby loudly, “under the contractual arrangements established by Sir Thomas, to make a few gold guineas, yes?”
“Indeed, but …”
“Which,” continued Budsby, “has allowed you to, among other things, establish a most commodious living section in the upper reaches of this tavern, is that not true?”
“Yes, but …”
“In order to suitably accommodate that most delightful young lady Sarah who has worshipped you for all these years, and who now carries your baby, am I not correct?”
“Absolutely.”
“The final piece in the jigsaw being that one day in the not too distant future, Sir Thomas will ensure that you are accorded the title of Gentleman, and you shall live happily ever after, is that not true?”
“That is true, but …”
“But what, William? What are all these ‘buts’?”
“But Mr Budsby, my son is dying!”
“Oh dear. That is distressing news.”
“They want me to go back to Stratford, or at least send lots of money.”
“I see. Is that one of the little ones, the twins, who were born the day we met?”
“Yes, nearly eleven years ago.”
“My God, how the time flies.”
“That is what that woman was doing here just now. She says that if I don’t do something, then my wife and children, the dying one included, are going to come to London and reveal all.”
“Now that would be a scenario of theatrical proportions. I wonder if we can mix Falstaff in it, too?”
“Mr Budsby, this is serious. I will lose all chance of becoming a Gentleman.”
“Oh, poor thing,” said Budsby, the sympathetic tone reeking with falseness.
“They might tumble to the fact that Marlowe is still alive,” said Shakespeare, “and that he is The Writer and that I am producing his words under my name.”
“It’s bound to come out one day …”
“And Sarah knows none of this,” William cried. “I have always kept any information about my life in Stratford from her, and she will be devastated to know that I actually have a real wife and three children.”
“William, William, William,” boomed Budsby, “did I not warn you that organising that fake marriage with dear sweet Sarah would be fraught with disaster?”
There was silence.
“Aha, reality strikes,” continued Budsby. “Fancy getting all your actor pals to pretend to be clergy and relatives and guests and going through the motions. Signing documents. Singing hymns, for God’s sake. The Bishop of Guernsey presiding. Bishop, indeed. Some out of work hack you fitted up in a clerical garb out of Henry VI or somesuch. The poor girl thinks she is married to you.”
“You were the best man,” said Shakespeare incredulously.
“And a splendid job I did too, because you asked me to do it and I would do anything for you.”
“Uncle Percy gave her away.”
“Percy is off with the fairies and you know it.”
“What about Sir Thomas? He organised the Pastor be away so we could use the empty church.”
“He was only protecting his investment. Besides, he loves a good ploy that fools others - that is his business.”
“She will be devastated when she finds out. And not only that …” Shakespeare, went across to one of the big hardwood tables and picked up a piece of paper, “have a look at this!”
Budsby looked across to see that the paper was very official indeed, made of thick vellum, and with some sort of aristocratic seal.
“A Court messenger brought this late last night,” said Shakespeare, shaking his head. “It is his duty to read it aloud on presentation, so I know what’s in it.”
Budsby took the paper, scanned the first few words, let out a low whistle, and began reading it out aloud, “Her Gracious Majesty, Queen Elizabeth, having thus been impressed by the performance several months ago of the play, Henry IV, featuring the goings-on of that most egregious character, Sir John Falstaff, requests Master Shakespeare that he write another play featuring Falstaff in love. And that he present the play within Fourteen Days of this Command being delivered.” He handed it back to Shakespeare with a wink. “Two weeks, hey? Now there’s a challenge.”
“Mr Budsby,” said Shakespeare, “my whole life is crashing around me. For the life of me, I could never write a play such as that, and while I’ve got several from Marlowe in the drawer ready to be reproduced, there’s not one with a mention of Falstaff in it. Not only that, my lover is pregnant, my son is dying, my wife is about to arrive in London, the whole fake death could be revealed, and I could end up in jail for forgery, false pretences, and accomplice to murder. My God, what am I going to do?”
“Young man,” said Budsby putting a gentle hand on his shoulder, “you got yourself into this shite. Now get yourself out.”
Shakespeare, his mouth agape, watched in horror as his guide and mentor turned on his heel and began ambling away. Shite? He had never heard Mr Budsby use that word before. And certainly never in the context of walking away and leaving him with a problem. A problem of such incredible magnitude, too.
Were they not friends?
Business associates?
Inseparable partners?
Had they not forged an unshakeable bond with a clasp of the hands besides the cold stream outside Stratford eleven years ago? A bond that had seen them ride the rocky trail of success and failure with the sure confidence that one way or another, they would stick together and see it through.
And now, suddenly, without warning, was this the end? Had it come to this? A dismissive throwaway line as he went up the stairs in his nightshirt?
Mercifully, no it hadn’t. As Shakespeare looked down at the piece of paper and began to turn to go into the kitchen, a mighty laugh began to rumble down from the landing above.
It was a big laugh, a huge laugh, the original Budsby laugh. The hearty laugh, just like the one he had emitted that day years before, when he had thanked the then young leather-worker Shakespeare for fixing the leather thong for the smaller of the two Siamese twins, the thong which, the little girl had said, ‘hadn’t ‘arf rid up me crack …’
Shakespeare looked up the top of the stairs to see Budsby still in his night attire, but now comically wearing his big hat, and twirling his silver-topped wooden cane.
“Ooohhh, the look on your face, William,” boomed the big fellow. “You should have seen the look on your face.”
A small glimmer of a smile began to crease Shakespeare’s face.
“I’m sorry, my boy,” continued Budsby. “I just couldn’t help it. It must be the Falstaff in me. It’s just that after you had outlined such a litany of woe, particularly the potential loss of your title as a Gentleman, what else was there to say?”
“You mean, you will help me?”
“Of course, I will William. There had been no other intention. In fact, I know just what to do.”
“You do? What?”
“After you have cooked some breakfast, we will put together a letter for a courier to take to Sir Thomas.”
“Sir Thomas?”
“Yes, William. You know as well as I do.”
“Yes?”
“That Sir Thomas fixes everything …”

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

William Shakespeare never enjoyed visiting Scadbury, Sir Thomas Walsingham’s estate. In fact, he loathed going there. The place was big, it was grand, it was foreboding.
The rooms - at least, the ones he and Budsby were shown into - were always cold. A nasty, freezing cold. And, just as in the days of William’s modest schooling at Stratford, the scenario always seemed to be played out on master-pupil lines, with him playing the role of the long-suffering, inadequate student, and Sir Thomas the scowling, bullying head-master.
Each time the carriage began the journey up the long driveway, he would develop a pain in the neck, a manifest reminder of the time the master spy had held him up against the banquet-room wall and forced him to promise to remain forever silent about Christopher Marlowe’s supposed death.
This time round, nothing was different.
William could deduce from the creases on Walsingham’s brow, as they sat at opposite ends of the long dining table, that he was once again not happy.
“Wife! Wife? In all these years, you have never said anything about having a wife back in Stratford.”
“I never felt that it was necessary,” replied William lamely.
“Not necessary?” shouted Walsingham. “Not necessary! A wife is a man’s partner in life, Master Shakespeare, a vital part of his whole reason for being. Her contribution must be in your thoughts, and her name on your lips, at all times. Why, Lady Walsingham has been the light of my life, my soul partner, my inspiration from the very day we got married.”
“Eighteen months ago!” interjected Budsby.
“Mr Budsby, she has proven her abilities in that short space of time,” snapped Walsingham, “despite her relative youth!”
“Her maturity belies her tender years,” said Budsby, his eyes twinkling at the thought of the naive beauty, then barely seventeen, that had been plucked from among Queen Elizabeth’s ladies-in-waiting and marched up the aisle to marry the aging master-spy with suitable pomp and ceremony.
“Let me tell you, Mr Budsby, she has been as much a support to me as the first Lady Walsingham was. And the second Lady Walsingham, too. Before, sadly, they both … ” and here his eyes narrowed and his face set like stone, “ … were prematurely called to meet their Maker …”
There was silence, and Shakespeare could feel the pain in his neck being overwhelmed by the sensation of the hairs rising on the back of it.
“Well,” said Budsby eventually, “Mrs Shakespeare has so far not been called to the Pearly Gates, and is apparently seeking her reward down here on Earth.”
“Reward? In what way?” said Walsingham.
“We don’t really know what she wants,” said Shakespeare nervously, “but whatever it is, we shall have to give it to her, otherwise …”
“Otherwise what?”
“Otherwise,” interjected Budsby, the laugh already welling in his voice, “Lady Walsingham The Third will be tending to your injury.”
“Injury, what injury?”
“The injury caused by a hurled pot!” And Budsby burst into a belly laugh, the tears rolling down his cheeks.
William broke into a smile, mentally noting that of all the visits to the daunting castle, this was probably the first time he had actually felt something approaching a good humour. He could even see the funny side of the times at Stratford when Anne Shakespeare would hurl the pot at him. Now, as conjured by Budsby, the image of her hitting Walsingham on the head with it flashed through his mind, and he began to laugh.
Walsingham looked from one face to the other. “You have the better of me, Mr Budsby,” he said eventually. “I’m sure your little joke has some meaning to the both of you, but it escapes me.”
“You have my apologies, Sir Thomas,” said Budsby. “It’s just a little aspect of life from long ago that William and I like to share occasionally.”
“Nevertheless,” said Walsingham, “since your message arrived last night about this problem, I have been putting my mind to it, and felt the best thing was to consult a real expert on money matters - the Chancellor of the Exchequer.”
“Consult?” said Shakespeare, stepping forward. “No, surely, that can’t be done?”
“Really, Sir Thomas,” added Budsby, “I’m astounded that you would discuss such sensitive matters with anyone else.”
“Matters of the heart are always sensitive,” said voice from behind them, and Budsby and Shakespeare spun around.
The voice belonged to a figure that had quietly entered the room via the same door they had come through. A figure they knew only too well.
Is that Burghley, thought William, as the figure drew closer? The Chancellor of the Exchequer? Friend of De Vere’s? That pompous little man who used to come around in the early days to see how Uncle Percy’s tavern, a De Vere property, was going?
Shakespeare noticed that Burghley never seemed to change - his short squat body still looked fit in his impeccably tailored green and red doublet, and his beard was trimmed, as usual, with surgical precision.
Shakespeare and Budsby glanced anxiously at each other. They were both thinking the same thought. How can we discuss such delicate matters in front of Burghley?
“But, often as not, money is at the base of matters of the heart,” Burghley continued, extending his hand to Shakespeare. “And seeing as money is my forte, as Chancellor of the Exchequer, that is why Sir Thomas called me in. Mr Shakespeare, Mr Budsby, it is good to see you again.”
“Er, good morning, my Lord,” said Shakespeare carefully.
Budsby grunted and nodded.
“So, tell me,” continued Burghley, “Sir Thomas gave me only the scant details. What does this wife of yours want, in order to be prevented from coming up to London?”
Shakespeare looked at Walsingham for direction. Walsingham gave a slight nod.
“Well,” said William, clearing his throat nervously, “we don’t really know how much she wants, but whatever it is, I think we shall have to give it to her, otherwise …”
“Otherwise what?” said Burghley.
“Otherwise,” interjected Budsby again, “you will have an entire brigade of courtiers attending your injury.”
“Injury? What injury?” inquired Burghley, puzzled.
“The injury caused by the hurled pot!” roared Budsby, bursting into another rumbling belly laugh.
Burghley looked to Walsingham for an explanation.
“My Lord,” began Walsingham, “ignore him. It’s some little joke that Mr Budsby and Master Shakespeare find amusing, and which has been aimed at me already today.”
Burghley turned to the big fellow. “A joke so good it can be told twice in a space of a few minutes, Mr Budsby? It must be the very foundation of all that is humorous. But it means nothing to me.”
“I understand, my Lord,” said Budsby regaining his composure. “I was just trying to explain that, when roused, Mrs Shakespeare can be a formidable enemy.”
“That, Mr Budsby,” snapped Burghley, “is exactly the way I like my enemies. The more formidable the opponent, the more enjoyable the victory.”
There was silence as the two theatre men pondered the power and conviction of the stocky little man that stood before them.
“Come on, then, what does she want?” added Burghley impatiently. “Let’s get to the heart of the matter.”
“Her son … that is, our son … is ill,” said Shakespeare, still rattled. “She needs money to pay the bills.”
“And if you don’t help pay these medical expenses?”
“She is coming to London to expose me as a man who has shirked his responsibilities. ‘The famous Shakespeare,’ she threatens she will say, ‘the great writer, he dumped me with three children, one of whom is dying.’ She says she will come up and start parading around the city straight away with her friend Polly.”
“There you go!” exclaimed Budsby. “That’s as good a reason as any to head off this threat. Never mind Anne Shakespeare wielding a tin pot and nasty phrases, that friend of hers, Polly, is even more dangerous. Her voice can shatter glass at fifty paces!”
But his colourful description had fallen on deaf ears. Already the two spymasters were quietly thinking up a resolution
“Hmm,” said Walsingham eventually, turning to Burghley, “what do you think?”
“A lump sum will not work,” said Burghley. “It never does. They always come back for more.”
“You are right,” said Walsingham.
“Drawing on my experience as Lord Chancellor, and therefore keeper of the government purse, let me propose a solution. But first, William, let me ask you a question. How much do you get out of all this?”
“Out of all … er … this … what?” said Shakespeare, trying to deduce how much Burghley knew about his dealings with Walsingham.
“Out of your theatre productions,” Burghley replied evenly, not giving anything away.
“Why, ten per cent of the profits,” Shakespeare replied.
“Well, from now on, you will be getting five per cent.”
“Five!!”
“Yes, half of your payments will be sent back to Stratford, to Mrs Shakespeare.”
“But …”
“No buts about it, William. Believe me, it is the perfect solution, on three counts. Number one …”
“Yes?”
“The minute the first handsome payment arrives, with a written promise of more, I’ll wager she will not cause you any further grief.”
“And second?”
“She will put the money to good use, never you mind. It will not be wasted. She will invest it in property around Stratford.”
“How do you know that?”
“Let me just say,” said Burghley, “she will be quietly influenced in that direction …”
“And third?”
“Third, it will turn out be a nice nest egg for you, for the day, should it happen, you return to Stratford. Just wait and see.”
A twinge went through Shakespeare’s body. His chest sank, his heart ached. He didn’t know what to say. He had never countenanced going back to Stratford, not from the moment the pot thrown by his mother clanged against the wall, and he stormed down the stairs hung-over and dirty.
But when Burghley added “We, all of us, as we get older and the lifecycle nears its end, go back to our roots - after all, you are still married”, then Shakespeare knew deep down in his heart the supreme politician and finance man was right.
Burghley knew he had his man. He leaned over and whispered, “Five per cent salted away now on a regular basis will make a nice little honey-pot, William. A welcome pension for when you return to the place of your birth to see out your final years.”
William glanced across at his mentor, the big man who had played such a significant role in his departure from Stratford.
A simple nod came back.
“Right,” said Shakespeare, brightening and with authority. “Five per cent, it is. Done. Mr Mullins can deliver the first payment tomorrow, and take an agreement paper for her to sign.”
There were murmur of approval all round.
“Splendid,” said Burghley, “and now what about the challenge by the Queen to get a play on stage within a couple of weeks?”
“You mean, you know about that, too?” said Shakespeare, looking perplexed again.
“Of course,” said Burghley, smiling, “I was in the Court when Her Majesty ordered that you write and produce another play based on that Henry IV character, what was his name ..?”
“Falstaff,” said Budsby, stepping forward, taking off his hat, and bowing, “Sir John Falstaff, I believe he is more or less me, at your service, sire.”
“Yes, Falstaff,” interjected Walsingham, “a big fat buffoon.”
Budsby straightened and stepped back, his face crestfallen.
“Interesting concept,” continued Burghley, smiling smugly as Budsby retreated.
“Interesting?” said Shakespeare, shocked. “You call it interesting? I call it an impossible task.”
“Impossible, but why?”
“Ah, because, that is, I, er, …” Shakespeare began to flounder.
“Because,” said Burghley evenly, “because the writer is in Italy?”
There was a long silence, broken only by Shakespeare and Budsby drawing breath as the impact of the statement hit them.
Shakespeare turned and looked at Walsingham in shock. “You mean,” sputtered Shakespeare, “you mean Lord Burghley knows about … about …”
“About the events at Deptford?” interjected Burghley suddenly. “The fact that Christopher Marlowe is not dead? That fact that you do not write the plays? Of course I know!”
The two theatre men stared in astonishment at each other.
Walsingham and Burghley began to laugh.
“Gentlemen, gentlemen,” said Walsingham soothingly, “you may think that I exercise considerable power across this land. But believe me, it pales into insignificance when compared to that wielded by my good friend Lord Burghley, here, Lord Chancellor of the Exchequer and principal adviser to Her Majesty. Of course, he knows. State security is an important part of his portfolio.”
“And master Marlowe has been a vital part of our force,” added Burghley.
“Well, then,” said Budsby eventually, “you will know, sir, that unless this challenge to write a play within fourteen days is met, the whole scheme will unravel.”
“Why should the challenge not be met?” said Burghley.
“Yes,” goaded Walsingham. “Why is that, young Master Shakespeare? All you require is a series of words, written on paper.”
“But, I can’t, that is, I …”
“Sir Thomas,” said Budsby, regaining his composure, “we, all of us, and that includes, apparently, Lord Burghley, understand that in the scheme of things, writing the words is not William’s job.”
“It isn’t?” said Walsingham, whimsically. “Not as far as the rest of England is concerned, the Queen included. As far as they know, our William here is The Writer, and so …”
Shakespeare gulped hard. “You mean, you want me to write this one?”
There was a long silence as Walsingham glared into William’s eyes.
Finally, the older man burst into laughter. He threw his head back, and laughed until he began to cough. Burghley joined in with him.
“Oh, dear,” Walsingham said, finally regaining his composure. “The look on your face, William, you should have seen it. You looked like you were confronting your worst nightmare. I did not realise that writing a mere play would hold such terrors for anyone. I now have even more respect and admiration for Christopher, seeing as he actually does sit down and scribble out the words.”
“It’s just that I haven’t got a play,” replied Shakespeare. “At least, not one about Falstaff. I’ve searched through the material in the drawer where we hide them - you know how he sends them in twos or threes - and so far, he has written nothing remotely like a follow-up to Henry IV.”
“Oh, yes, he has,” said Walsingham, as a smile crept across his face. He looked at Burghley, turned, and walked over to a huge oak sideboard. Opening the drawer, he pulled out a tight sheaf of papers wrapped with a red ribbon, walked back to the table, and dropped them in front of Shakespeare. “Here, a little surprise for you.”
William picked the sheaf up, and was concerned to see that his hands were shaking. They were jiggling so much, he had difficulty untying the ribbon. So distracted by this operation was he, that he barely heard the little spot of repartee between the two government master spies.
“He is well-named,” said Burghley.
“Master Shakespeare,” said Walsingham with heavy emphasis on the ‘Shake’.
And they began to giggle like two schoolboys laughing at someone having farted in chapel.
William eventually got the papers open, spread them out in front of him, and looked at the first page. Unfolding before him was the familiar handwriting of Christopher.
He saw a title, and handed the page to Budsby, who whistled softly and read it out. ‘Presenting a Most Pleasant and Excellent Conceited Comedy of Sir John Falstaff and The Merry Wives of Windsor.’
“Here? Written! How could this be?” said Shakespeare. “I can’t believe how …”
The two hosts began to laugh.
“Mr Shakespeare,” added Burghley, with an impish grin, “who do you think organised the Queen’s challenge for you in the first place?”
This last statement was too much for William. His head began to swim, and he grabbed the armrest of the tall leather-backed chairs for support.
Budsby cleared his throat and tried to talk on behalf of both of them. “Are you saying, you manipulated Her Majesty into challenging William to write a play in fourteen days?”
“Naturally,” said Burghley, waving his hand dismissively. “That is what I am good at.”
“Don’t you see?” interjected Walsingham grandly, “it’s the perfect cover. It underlines William’s skills as a great playwright, both now and forever in history, and…”
“ … and,” continued Burghley, taking up the sentence, “it puts to the sword those rumours that are circulating that Marlowe may be alive and William is not the author. You’ve no doubt heard them.”
That is true, thought Budsby. Despite the secrecy, he had heard whispers along the grapevine that people were running around the Royal Court pointing out the remarkable similarity between the works of the late Christopher Marlowe and those of the new shining literary light, William Shakespeare.
“Once this play is presented,” continued Walsingham, “anyone suspecting that Christopher is alive will now think, ‘Well, Marlowe can’t be alive. No one could get a message to him in Italy or wherever he is, in time for him to write a play about a given topic and have it sent back so it could be rehearsed and presented, all within two weeks. It’s impossible! Heavens knows, it takes a coach days just to get from London to Paris.’”
There was silence as the pair of entrepreneurs took this latest astonishing piece of information in.
The two master-spies allowed their guests time to turn it over.
“Gentlemen, it goes like this …” said Walsingham eventually.
“ … several months ago,” continued Burghley, “we began to get worried that our little scheme might be coming undone.”
Shakespeare and Budsby looked at each when Burghley said ‘our’ scheme.
My God, thought Will, this is bigger than I thought.
“Rumours were flying around, questions were being asked, that sort of thing,” said Walsingham.
“So,” continued Burghley, stepping forward and assuming the role of the storyteller. “We had a little think about how we could put an end to all that.”
“And?” said Budsby.
“And,” said Burghley, “we decided the best thing would be for William to be seen to being publicly put to the test.”
“Thanks,” said William. “Thanks a lot.”
“We felt that if you were seen putting a play together - under circumstances that would show that you, and only you, could have written it - then it would confirm your status forever,” said Burghley. “The point was, what to get you to write?”
“Our prayers were answered shortly after,” interjected Walsingham, “when the usual packet of material arrived from Christopher. It contained Henry IV.”
“I remember that,” said William. “You gave it to me and said there was nothing else in the courier’s pouch this time.”
“I lied. It also contained this follow-up, The Merry Wives of Windsor.”
“What?” said Budsby.
“Christopher had written them both, in a surge of productivity,” said Walsingham. “We gave you the first one, and put the other aside.”
“All we needed now,” interjected Burghley, “was for someone, some way, some how, to demand its portrayal, under testing circumstances.”
“And there is no better person at demanding things than Her Majesty,” said Walsingham. Then he added, “But I never said that, right?”
“What we needed,” added Burghley, “was for her to like the first one, Henry IV. And, mercifully, she did.”
“With just a little assistance from your good self,” added Walsingham.
“I played my role,” said Burghley, giving a little theatrical bow.
And he had, too, thought Budsby, casting his mind back to that first presentation. He remembered watching from the wings at The Globe how Burghley had sat next to Elizabeth, that unmistakable figure with the rich red hair and the brilliant white Virgin Queen make-up. He recollected how Burghley had quite often leaned over to her chair and whispered comments in her ear, especially when the amusing Falstaff character was on stage.
“You praised it to high heaven,” said Walsingham. “She came out of the performance bubbling with excitement, especially about Falstaff.”
“So much so, a few days ago,” continued Burghley, “I had little trouble when I said to her, ‘Ma’am, the Ambassador for France is arriving in a little over a fortnight, could I suggest a Shakespeare play as the centrepiece of the welcoming festivities? Perhaps something in a vein similar to things that you have enjoyed especially of late?’”
“Yes,” said Walsingham, “Gentlemen, I was there when Lord Burghley said it. And she was onto it straight away. ‘Shakespeare?’ she replied, ‘a wonderful idea! Remind me, Lord Chancellor, what was the name of that play we saw with that fat fellow running all over the stage? Tell Master Shakespeare we want some more of him and his little foibles, in time for the arrival of our French guest!’”
The two entrepreneurs looked at each other, slowly taking on board the fact that they were part of a plot, a set-up, a conspiracy, whose machinations were almost beyond belief.
“So,” said Budsby, eventually, “how come, if you were spending all this time guiding the Queen toward setting up this challenge, why didn’t you give us the play earlier, to do some preliminary work on it?”
“Couldn’t risk it,” said Walsingham, “the word would have got out!”
“Well, I, reject any suggestion that we would have …” began Budsby, bristling.
“No, no, Mr Budsby,” said Burghley, soothingly, “we are not suggesting that you would have let the cat out of the bag. Why, the pair of you have been peerless in maintaining your silence over what happened at Deptford. It’s just that …”
“ …once you had given the play to some of the actors to rehearse,” continued Walsingham, “the rumour would have spread around.”
That is true, Budsby thought. Actors, especially those in work, can’t wait to tell those not in work about their latest project - and either boast about, or whinge about, the relative size of their role.
“So,” said Walsingham, breaking the silence, “all you need to do now is persuade the Chamberlain’s Men to do their duty, and get it up and ready by Saturday week.”
“I’m not sure if that can happen,” said William forlornly. “That’s a fraction of the usual time they need to even get it to first rehearsal stage.”
Burghley came forward and leaned over Shakespeare. William noticed that the cheery figure, up until now studding proceedings with cute little theatrical bows, had been replaced by the customary, serious, dangerous Burghley.
“It will be done, Master Shakespeare,” said Burghley. “Make no mistake about that. We did not dump the Admiral’s Men after the presumed death of Christopher, and replace them with the Chamberlain’s Men as our prime acting troupe for nothing. They will do what they are required to do.”
“I understand,” Shakespeare said. “I understand.”
“I hope you do,” added Walsingham, in a similar tone, “it’s important that your role as the number one playwright remains unsullied, and that Christopher remains in France and Italy sending us back information, and occasionally sowing the seeds of foment amongst the city-states.”
“It is a situation that is to the advantage of none other than Her Majesty’s Government,” said Burghley.
“Phew,” said Shakespeare, shaking his head slowly. “This thing is bigger than I ever would have possibly thought.”
“What? A plot so intriguing it is beyond even the imaginative skills of England’s great playwright?” said Burghley, drawing back and laughing. “Never!”
And with a little bow, Burghley suddenly vanished.
“I’ve had enough, too,” said Walsingham, “this meeting of the playmakers is adjourned. You know what to do. Someone will see you out.”
He opened the door, and Shakespeare watched in astonishment as a young female hand - a hand that he judged to be barely nineteen years old and presumably that of Walsingham’s third wife - suddenly protruded through the doorway.
Walsingham took the hand, tenderly kissed it, said, “Coming, my dear,” and in an instant was gone.
“My God,” said Budsby quietly. “And we thought we were in this merely up to our necks …”

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

By 1598, the Chamberlain’s Men were being acknowledged throughout London as England’s premiere acting group.
Headed up by the towering presence of Richard Burbage, they had, in the preceding five years, attracted capacity audiences with the sheer drama of Richard II, mesmerised them with the comedy of A Midsummer Night’s Dream, and astonished them with the realistic assassination of the lead character in Julius Caesar.
Their reputation had grown to epic proportions since they had been formed immediately after the distressing death of Christopher Marlowe.
That had been the saddest of days for everyone in the London theatre scene.
The sudden extinguishing of a great talent in a tavern punch-up had sent shock waves through the small, tightly knit army of actors, directors, back-stage staff, promoters, and theatre-owners. Not so much the death of a friend, but being typical egocentric theatre types, more a matter of, “My God, now where will my next play, and my next pay, come from ..?”
So frenzied and absorbed were they about their cloudy future, they did not notice that only one person around them stayed calm and cool in the aftermath.
Sir Thomas Walsingham.
It was strange. His boy wonder, his literary star, his investment - nasty critics had even incorrectly suggested, his lover - was now dead. Yet he showed not one glimmer of emotion. He was so workmanlike, so focused, so matter-of-fact.
“It’s his way of dealing with grief,” was the generally accepted explanation. “To get on with things.”
So consumed with their own little lives were they - “Do you think Master Shakespeare can go on and fill Christopher Marlowe’s shoes?”- that they took little notice when Walsingham abandoned all links with the Admiral’s Men.
The Admiral’s Men, that doughty group of individuals lead by a giant of an actor, Edward Alleyn, had up until that point, been the major performing company in the city. Few eyebrows were raised when Walsingham formed a new group, the Lord Chamberlain’s Men, and named it after Edward de Vere, the actual Lord Chamberlain himself. After all, de Vere, the first Earl of England and Queen’s favourite, was a bit of a theatre man - a sometime poet and would-be actor himself. No one made much of an issue of the fact that he was also the son-in-law of one of Walsingham’s closest friends, Lord Burghley …
So intense was the navel-gazing that the theatre community at large did not even realise that Sir Thomas was also behind the later re-build of the Globe Theatre on the south side of the River. They had dutifully volunteered to carry the lumber from the remains of the dismantled playhouse, simply called The Theatre, across the city to be re-assembled in the shape of a roundhouse at Bankside.
Nor did they care much that Burbage’s brother, Cuthbert, played a leading role in its management, or that William Shakespeare, now the hope of them all, had been quietly given ten per cent interest in the new theatre.
In the end, few people noticed, knew, or cared that, despite the loss of his front-line writer, Sir Thomas Walsingham - busy enough as a politician, businessman, and, some said, spy-master - had for some reason jockeyed himself into the control of the theatre scene in London.
It was a scene that was tawdry in many ways - the lowest of the social strata paying a mere ha’penny to view a play from the heaving, sweating, smelling audience pit at the foot of the stage. Yet it had a certain nobility - the aristocrats, well-to-do merchantmen and courtiers paying anything up to sixpence to view from the relative sanctuary of the dress circle, sometimes in the company of the Queen herself.
No one had been bothered to make much of the fact that one of their own, the actor Derek Berkhardt, had suddenly dropped out of the business and disappeared, too. Gone back to Germany, to find his roots. So the rumour mill said.
Everyone was more distracted by the potential impact of their loss.
“Christopher was a truly great writer,” had been the general lament raised during a hastily organised wake at Percy Fletcher’s tavern, the only real celebration conducted after the body had been inexplicably and rapidly buried without ceremony at Deptford.
In these conversations it had always been left unsaid that William Shakespeare, too, was proving to be a genius with the pen, and a writer of plays that, ironically, captured the essence of the effervescent, poetic style of the now-dead Marlowe.
But, it was also generally concluded that the phlegmatic William was, well, different.
As Burbage put it, “Whereas Christopher exuberantly loved his plays like a pet dog or a favourite toy, William seems to treat them more like a commodity. Whereas Christopher caressed every syllable across the page with a loving, creative stroke of the quill, William appears to turn them out as a carpenter would construct a pigsty. Whereas a Marlowe play went through a period of exciting, overt gestation - the writer involved in weeks of musing, earnest discussion with associates over an ale, try-outs of dialogue on astonished strangers - a Shakespeare play seems to suddenly, almost secretly, turn up, practically overnight.”
And still, five years on, as the actors assembled for a read-through of a brand new script brought across to them at the re-built Globe by Budsby, the doubts lingered.
“Another one?” boomed the great Burbage, as he accepted the hand-written pages from Budsby. “It is as if he does it by magic.”
He let the statement hang in the air, and some of the ensemble began to look at each other, and nudge each other with their elbows. But any thoughts of exploring the matter further were immediately circumvented by the persuasive voice of William’s guide and mentor.
“The writer is an unusual animal,” the big fellow suddenly said, handing out copies to the remaining ensemble. “In my experience - and as a man who has devoted the best part of his life to entertaining the populace, I believe I am qualified to comment on this matter - there are three types of writer, all beginning with the letter that starts my surname, the letter B.”
“The letter B?” said Burbage, his rich theatre voice coming from a flabby set of jowls and a giant rotund chest that had been compared many times with that of Elizabeth’s father, Henry the Eighth.
“Yes, first up, there is the Bleeder.”
“Wot? He covers the page in blood?” said a voice, belonging to a pale, thin stripling, still in the formative days of his acting career.
“No, no, no, young man,” said Budsby. “I am speaking metaphorically, of course.”
“Meta-what?” said the puzzled young actor, his brown eyes widening. “You better be careful with them big words, Mr Budsby, you’ll end up on the rack.”
The group let out an uneasy laugh.
“I don’t mean it in the literal sense of the word,” boomed the big voice. “I’m not suggesting the writer actually drips drops of blood on the page, I mean that he agonises over every word. The Bleeder writes something down, he scratches it out, he puts it down again in a slightly different form, he stares at the ceiling, he writes some more, he holds his head in his hands, he gets up for a walk around the desk…”
“And goes down to Percy’s tavern and gets drunk!”
As the laughter echoed around the group, Budsby moved quickly to regain the initiative.
“Ah, that is more your Butterfly writer,” he said.
“Butterfly?” interjected Burbage.
“Yes,” continued Budsby. “Whereas your Bleeder will stick at the task until his eyes can no longer focus, and finally get it all done after many, many tortuous sessions, your Butterfly will float around the task, flit by it, flash past it, but never actually come to grips with it.”
“Like a butterfly flapping his wings past a pretty flower, but never poking his nose in it?” said the young man.
“Exactly. When he stares at the ceiling for inspiration, the Butterfly will suddenly notice a dirty spot up there that he has never seen before, and before you can say ‘Pliny The Younger,’ he will be standing on a chair, examining it at close quarters, and poking at it with the end of his quill.”
The group laughed at the imagery.
“Ah-ha,” said Burbage. “So the Butterfly gets caught up with other things?”
“Precisely,” said Budsby, now gaining confidence that he had distracted the players from the path of thought that, if followed accurately enough, would come to the conclusion that William Shakespeare was not any form of writer at all, much less one of the three Bs.
“If the Butterfly writer goes to a shelf of books,” continued Budsby, “to do some research on a word or a point of history - something that should take him but a moment - he will be found three hours later, sitting on the floor, giggling at some ridiculous collection of stories he has stumbled across.”
“Can’t keep on the one line of thought,” said Burbage. “I’ve met a few actors like that over the years.”
There was a titter of laughter through the group, more out of fear and respect for the great performer, than a genuine response to the jibe.
“Absolutely,” boomed Budsby. “And finally, when several sentences have at last been somehow written on paper, and the process is actually getting somewhere, the Butterfly peers through the window, notices a friend heading toward the tavern, and within seconds, has flapped his wings and floated down there, telling all who care to listen what a great writer he is and what a marvellous book or play or somesuch he is working on.”
“As long as they buy him free drinks!” said the young man.
“Alas, that is what happens my friend,” said Budsby, “and the Butterfly project never sees light of day. And funnily enough, the dirty spot on the ceiling never gets wiped away, either.”
The group burst into a warm laugh.
“And what of the third of the three Bs?” inquired Burbage.
“Ah yes, as well as the Bleeder and the Butterfly, there is the Buckler.”
“The Buckler?” inquired the young man.
“He buckles down, my friend,” intoned Budsby seriously. “He buckles down and sits at the desk at nine in the morning and writes until noon, eats for an hour, and returns to the desk until Evensong. The Buckler is the writer that publishers love - he achieves the task by concentrating on the job, writing with purpose, and not impinging on anyone else. You never know that the Buckler is at work, save that the door to his room is shut.”
“Why, that probably best sums up William!” enthused Burbage, as if he had suddenly discovered the answer to the meaning of life.
“Precisely,” replied Budsby confidently, knowing that he had at last got the message across, a believable message that would be passed around the trade as gospel by the gossip-obsessed actors. “With your Buckler, such as William, only he knows what goes on behind that closed door.”
The group nodded knowingly as one, and turned to the job of the first read-through of the pages written in neat longhand before them.
There was silence, broken only by the riffling of the paper, and the occasional snort of laughter.
Suddenly Burbage spoke up. “Ah-ha, Mr Budsby, I see our friend Falstaff has made a comeback.”
Budsby stood up and made a deep bow. “At your service, sir.”
“William captured you beautifully in the Falstaff character, Mr Budsby, in the earlier play, Henry IV, and it will be my joy to play him again in this work, let me see, what is called?”
“It is called the Merry Wives of Windsor, Mr Burbage, The Merry Wives of Windsor.”
“And I take it we shall apply our usual light touch, Mr Budsby?”
“Yes, indeed, that was what Her Majesty enjoyed so much in the previous antics of Falstaff, and that is what she is looking forward to seeing when this new play premieres on … er … um …” and here, for one of the rare moments in his life, Budsby lowered the bassoon of a voice to an almost inaudible whisper, “on … ah … Saturday week …”
There was silence around the room. Actors looked up from their script and stared at each other in astonishment. Then they looked at Burbage.
But he was already on his feet.
“Mr Budsby, did I hear you say Saturday week?” said Burbage, moving forward.
“Er, ah, yes,” said Budsby, shifting uneasily from one dainty foot to the other. “Not this Saturday, but the following Saturday.”
“Surely you mean Saturday in four weeks’ time. That is the bare minimum required to read a script, cast characters, go into rehearsal, prepare scenery, and fashion the work into a first-class performance.”
“Usually,” said Budsby. “However, in this case it is Saturday week.”
“But this is Wednesday, man,” shouted Burbage in a full theatrical blast that made Budsby wince. “Wednesday! You mean we have less than ten days to get this ready for presentation in a full production in front of the Queen in this very theatre! Are you mad?”
“It was a Royal order, a dare, a challenge,” replied Budsby. “Only last Saturday, the Queen commanded William to write and perform a play within fourteen days, and when she commands things, you do them!”
“He’s right, Mr Burbage,” interjected the stripling actor, wiping a sniffing nose with the sleeve of his dirty shirt. “If you don’t do what the Queen commands, you get your head chopped off.”
“I am perfectly well aware of the hazardous implications of dealing with Royalty,” huffed Burbage, turning to the young man.
“Look what happened to Queen Mary,” continued the young actor. “She tried to overthrow Her Majesty ...”
“Shut up,” screamed Burbage, rounding on the young man. “You don’t have to run through the entire history of every beheading in the realm, you idiot. I know what you mean! I understand!”
“But,” interjected Budsby with a soothing tone, “you would not be able to understand fully, sire, what William has gone through in the few days since the challenge was issued, to get this script to you.”
And, thought Budsby, the big pompous oaf wouldn’t be able to, either.
Plots. Sub-plots. Plots behind plots. Plots so devious that not even Her Majesty knows she is being used as a pawn to put the icing on the cake - to prove once and for all that Marlowe is dead and Shakespeare is the writer.
Budsby wanted to tell Burbage all this and more. To say, “Look, you idiot, this is bigger than your minuscule brain could ever imagine. People’s lives have been changed immeasurably and irretrievably for this, and all you have to do is stand up, preen your ego that is bigger than your stomach, and spout a few simple words! Get on with it.”
He wanted to say, “Look, you idiot, this is bigger than your miniscule brain could ever imagine. People’s lives have been changed immeasurably and irretrievably for this, and all you have to do is stand up, preen your ego that is bigger than your stomach, and spout a few simple words. Get on with it.”
He wanted to say, “In fact, you great bloated thespian, I could have given you this script Sunday morning, the day after the challenge was issued, when it was handed to me from out of a drawer by Walsingham. But I have had to hold on it, until now, in order to give the world at large the believable impression that William has worked night and day on it in the four days since.”
But he knew he couldn’t. He knew that even the slightest display of anger in this intense moment might let the wrong word slip and allow the entire plot to unravel.
“Please, Mr Burbage,” said Budsby gently. “William has worked non-stop to get this play to you in but a handful of days. From the minute the challenge was issued, William has,” and here, Budsby chose his words carefully, “gone to all lengths to ensure you have something to work with. We have no choice.”
“It’s impossible,” came the gruff reply.
Budsby drew back, put a look of mock horror on his face. The old promoter, the professional who had dealt with truculent entertainers for years, decided it was to time to stop using the kid gloves and move in for the kill.
“Impossible?” said Budsby. “Did I hear the word impossible come from the lips of the greatest actor living in these lands today?”
“‘You give me praise far more than I deserve, Mr Budsby,” said Burbage, trying unsuccessfully to look embarrassed.
“Nay, the greatest actor that has ever strode the stage in the history of theatre,” continued Budsby.
“Please, Mr Budsby, I do my job.”
“The man that, in the years to come, historians will write up as the actor’s actor?”
“Mr Budsby, you embarrass me. I simply do my best.”
“The consummate performer?”
“Well, it is true,” said Burbage, swallowing the bait, “that the good Lord has blessed me with a fine voice, an ability to make the stage my own, and the skill to bring the written word to life.”
“Imagine, therefore,” continued Budsby, “what the reader will think when history records that tragically, the career of the once-great London performer, Burbage, ended on the bare boards of Bristol.”
“Bristol!”
“Condemned to walk-on cameo parts for a second-rate regional repertory company, after he had failed to rise to the greatest challenge of all, and was cast out of the London scene.”
“Lucky to escape with his neck intact,” interjected the young actor.
“But wait …” pleaded Burbage.
“And merely became a footnote in the history of theatre,” said Budsby.
“That is, I …”
“Oh well,” continued Budsby, sadly, “give me the scripts back, gentlemen. There is always the Admiral’s Men. Nowhere near the talent, but brave enough lads, honest toilers, loyal to her Majesty.”
“No, no, wait,” said Burbage, moving forward. “I am as loyal as the next man. Never let that be questioned! Saturday week you say? Why, that is a great challenge for, dare I say it with all due modesty, a great actor, and I will rise to the occasion.”
“Are you sure?” said Budsby.
“Saturday week it is, Mr Budsby,” said Burbage, grabbing the big man’s hand and pumping it furiously. “On Saturday week, Her Majesty will see a performance such as she has never witnessed before, a play written, produced and performed within a fortnight. My God, we will go down in history.”
“You certainly will,” said Budsby. “In, fact, I sometimes think we all will.”
Handing back the script, the old entrepreneur gave a little bow, and, turning on his dainty feet, headed for the stage door.
My God, he thought to himself, as he came out into the wintry sun. Mother was right. I should have stuck with the accountancy.
But in the end, it worked.
Burbage, true to his word, rode his men hard, and spent every spare minute rehearsing his part.
He focused on the task at hand, listening attentively to the directions and instructions of Shakespeare, who also adopted the role of director.
Indeed, so intent was he on his challenge, Burbage hardly noticed that during his contribution to the effort over the next ten days, Shakespeare carried with him a rather detached air.
The same faraway look was etched all over Shakespeare’s face when Her Majesty, Queen Elizabeth, began clapping enthusiastically at the end of the premiere performance, and William came on stage to join Burbage and the Chamberlain’s Men for the final bow.
As the applause, immediately picked up by both the aristocrats in the dress circle and the commoners in the pit, resounded throughout the Globe, a distressed-looking William stared vacantly into the middle distance, his mind on other matters.
That afternoon, as the First Act was getting under way, William’s son, named Rufus Christopher Soho Samuel Shakespeare, had been born.
And by the beginning of the Third, had died …

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

In its early hours, it had been one of the most joyous days in William Shakespeare’s life.
After months of anticipation, days of worry, and hours of anxiety, he had become a father.
And this time, to his way of thinking, a real father.
Yes, yes, yes, he realised that he had sired three other children. But, really, he would often think at night, lying next to the pregnant Sarah, I am hardly their father in the true sense of the word. I helped give them life, I will admit. But my involvement stopped there. The conception of the first child changed my life forever, forcing me into a loveless marriage with Anne Hathaway, and making me forego an almost certainly wonderful lifetime with the Anne that I really loved, Anne Whateley. Whenever I looked at that first child, she only gave me anguish and brought back bad memories.
As for the twins, I saw them but once, bundled up against their mother’s breast, and I left with the clattering sound of a hurled pot ringing in my ears. I am the father of the three of them in name only.
But this?
This was different.
This was a child born out of the long, devoted and patient love of Sarah.
Sarah, the beautiful, gentle, caring, young woman he had first met after the Budsby troupe had arrived in London and found the going so tough.
Sarah, the niece of potty Percy, the owner of the tavern that William and Budsby had chanced upon and had converted from a losing entity into a thriving entertainment centre. Sarah, the devoted worker who had been the backbone of their success, as the organiser of cooking and serving operations. Sarah, whose innocence meant that she knew very little of, and made few inquiries about, William’s obviously emotionally-bruised past life, certainly nothing of his still-legal marriage. Sarah, whose naivety extended to be her being happily convinced that she was, in fact, William’s wife after a wonderful ceremony conducted in a church, presided over by the Bishop of Guernsey who had such a commanding presence and a voice that he could well have had a career on stage …
Sarah, oblivious to the fake death of Marlowe, and to the fact that her beloved partner was not a playwright at all.
It had been a long, patient relationship, its ultimate success dependent on the slow emergence of William from behind the shadow of his painful and mysterious past, and the similarly slow-paced blossoming of Sarah into a beautiful woman, lover, bride, and now mother.
Ah, motherhood.
She had loved every moment of it, right from the very start.
She had known the morning after she and William had made love that she was pregnant.
Because the night had been special.
William had been working hard, helping with the onerous task of organising the disassembling of the old Theatre by volunteers, and the transportation of the lumber across the river to Bankside to be re-constructed as The Globe. They had hardly seen each other for days, and on this night, he had arrived back home at two o’clock in the morning and eased himself into bed.
She had been asleep, but naked, and the minute his skin touched hers, she had turned to him, and given him a gentle, sleepy kiss. He had kissed her lovingly back, and weeks of being apart were suddenly absolved - tenderly, sweetly, passionately.
She had felt tremendously well throughout the entire nine months, not even being sick in the morning in the first weeks, as many women of her acquaintance had been.
“You look strong, and it will be a healthy, happy baby,” had been the regular prediction of her friend, the wonderfully honest Margaret, the tavern’s chief serving wench and who knew, “A thing or two about children, or at least the process that leads to ’em!”
Throughout her time, Sarah had continued working in the tavern, organising the cooking and waitressing. And as she bustled around the tables, so obviously pregnant, she would feel a wonderful surge of pride when a regular patron would say, “You look blooming marvellous, Mrs Shakespeare.”
She would laugh when the conversation would go along the lines of, “And we hope that this little one will be as pretty as you, and as fine a writer as your husband.”
To which someone would inevitably add, amid shouts of laughter, “Aye, and not the other way ’round.”
Then, when the birth was imminent, things had begun to get complicated. There was the sudden, mysterious appearance of the woman with the loud voice in their apartment one night. William had passed it off as nothing, but it had obviously worried him.
Then there was the Queen’s Royal Command that William write a play within a fortnight.
William had declared publicly that it was an impossible task, grumbled that it was beyond him, then disappeared with rancour into the tiny ante-chamber at the end of their apartment, only to triumphantly reappear four days later, holding a script aloft. He had handed it to Budsby, commanding him loudly, so all could hear to, “Take it to the Chamberlain’s Men at The Globe, instruct Burbage that on Saturday week we premiere it before the Queen, and tell him that this is his greatest acting challenge.”
Worst of all, there had been the arrival of a doctor, sent under the strict instructions of Sir Thomas Walsingham and Lord Burghley, “To ensure that Mrs Shakespeare has the best possible care and that a healthy baby is born in the best possible circumstances.”
She did not really want the doctor around. She felt so well. But there was little opportunity to argue about his involvement, as he had been sent in by the two very powerful people as an obvious show of support for William.
The trouble was, this man of medicine, clean-shaven with a mass of silver hair, was a pompous, over-bearing type who brooked no contradictory opinion and took control of proceedings away from Margaret.
Worse still, within two days of him appearing on the scene and ministering potions, she started to feel unwell, and this only encouraged him to stay around longer.
She began to get a feeling of lethargy. A burning sensation in her chest. A weakness in her arms.
These symptoms continued and worsened, despite his ministrations of drafts and foul-tasting concoctions that he assured her would, “Eliminate this fever or whatever it is, and have you in the best possible shape for the arrival of the little one.”
Perhaps it was because of all the pressure on everybody that now, suddenly losing weight and feeling ill, she went into labour earlier than expected, only hours before the curtain went up on one of the most important moments in her lover’s life.
“Don’t bother William,” she had said to Margaret, in between contractions. “He is over at the theatre, it’s his big opportunity to impress the Queen, and he does not need this distraction.”
“Let me be the judge of that,” Margaret had said. “Men get away with things like this all the time. In the beginning, when it’s all lots of fun, they won’t leave you alone, hanging around doe-eyed until they have had their wicked way with you. But when it comes to the hard part - being by your side when the result of their little dalliance is entering into the world - they are not anywhere to be seen!”
And so, as Sarah began to concentrate her energy on the final stages of the birth, and the doctor blustered in to give instructions, Margaret had sent a messenger across to the theatre that the baby was imminent.
Over at The Globe, to Queen Elizabeth, her courtiers, and the penny-paying public in the pit, nothing seemed different.
Master Shakespeare came out, introduced himself, said that he had been delighted to accept the challenge of Her Majesty, had written and produced The Merry Wives of Windsor involving the antics of Sir John Falstaff in the requisite time, was proud to present it by the Chamberlain’s Men, read the prologue, bowed, and strolled off stage.
But the second he was out of the view of the audience, he rushed to the stage door, bounded out into the Saturday afternoon light, jumped into a four-horse carriage provided by Sir Thomas Walsingham, and headed straight for the tavern, where he arrived at the crucial moment, just as the baby’s head was beginning to show.
Breaking all usual custom, he burst into the room.
“Mr Shakespeare, sir, I must ask you to leave,” said the doctor, wheeling on him.
“This is my wife, my baby, and I am staying,” said Shakespeare.
What William did not add, but what he was thinking was, I was not there for the birth of my other children, and I am not missing this time.
There was silence, as the two men eyed each other, waiting for the other to back down.
“Good to hear!” said Margaret, trying to break the impasse. “About time the men got involved.”
But by now William had started to look beyond the doctor, and was overwhelmed at what he saw. Sarah was sweating profusely, her hair was matted, she had turned almost sheet-white. Strangely, she was making very little noise, yet she was in the final minutes of giving birth.
She was exhausted from the process, and as she gave one last push and the baby came out, the very life-spirit seemed to almost leave her.
“It’s a boy, it’s a boy!” shouted Margaret as she took the baby expertly, cut the umbilical cord, and wrapped him in a snow-white blanket. “A beautiful baby boy!” she said again, as she placed him gently at the side of Sarah.
But William knelt by the side of the bed, and gently kissed Sarah, tears welling in his eyes.
She looked across at him dreamily and smiled with cracked, dry lips.
“Water! Water! My wife needs water,” shouted Shakespeare, looking up for help.
With all the pressure of the Queen’s challenge, William had not really been focusing on everything around him, and now it dawned on him that Sarah was desperately ill. Her eyes had lost their spark, and were rimmed in red. Her skin was drawn and pale, sort of grey. She had a hooded, almost defeated look.
“What shall we call him?” she whispered.
“What?” said William distractedly. For he was now looking directly at the baby, and was realising that - even allowing for his total inexperience in these matters - the little one, also, was obviously far from well. After the initial scream declaring his arrival, the boy had gone very quiet. His eyes were closed, and his lips, instead of being pursed like a ruby rosebud, were colourless and screwed at an angle.
“Well, I was thinking of Rufus, after Mr Budsby,” whispered Shakespeare, not daring to take his eyes off the baby.
“Sir Rufus Shakespeare? I like it,” said Sarah slowly.
“Sir Rufus? You think he will become a nobleman?”
“As long as he is a noble man, like you,” said Sarah. “You are the most noble man in the world.”
“Sarah, I …” said Shakespeare, lowering his head. “I … ah …”
“You don’t need to say anything,” said Sarah gently. “I know.”
“Know? Know what? What are you talking about?”
“I know. I know about you. I know about your wife. And your children. I know about Christopher.”
“Christopher?” Shakespeare hissed, looking around the room to make sure that Margaret and the doctor were not within earshot. “What do you know about Christopher?”
“I know Christopher is not dead.”
“But … how?”
“A woman knows these things, William. I know he is not dead, and I know that you do not write those plays.”
“You know? I mean, you knew all the time, but did not say anything? Even when I used to sit in a room and pretend I was writing. You knew and yet you still continued to love me?”
“I fell in love with William the actor, William the producer, William the perfect gentleman, William my friend, William the funny man, William the noble man. By the time you became William the so-called writer, it did not concern me one way or another, all I wanted was to be your lover and to have your child.”
There was a long silence as the couple stared into each other’s eyes.
“I think you should call him Christopher as well,” she whispered ultimately. “And Soho. And Samuel.”
“What?”
“Rufus Christopher Soho Samuel Shakespeare. Rufus after your mentor, Christopher after your brilliant friend, Soho after the greatest performer in the world, and Samuel after our brave and noble protector.”
She began to cough, and William noticed with alarm that her eyes were going hazy and a small trickle of blood was coming out the side of her mouth.
“Doctor! Margaret!” he shouted. “Come quickly, do something!”
The physician, who had been fiddling with some instruments at a side-table, turned around, rushed over, and peered into Sarah’s face. He drew back, looked grave, and started to shake his head slightly. “Perhaps you could leave the room for a moment, Mr Shakespeare,” he said calmly.
“I’m not leaving until I know that she is all right!” shouted William.
“She will be fine, but I need to examine her. Please?” The doctor turned to Margaret. “Margaret?”
Margaret moved to William, took him by the arm, and tenderly got him to stand. “It’s for the best, William,” she said. “Let the doctor do his work, and wait outside.”
Slowly William trudged to the door, turned, looked back at his ill wife and listless child, and went outside.
In the hallway, he stood quietly, with his eyes shut, his head tilted back against the wall.
“Why me, Lord,” he whispered to himself. “Why me? I have never done anything so wrong as to be cursed with this, surely?”
He opened his eyes, and noticed a looking glass on the wall opposite. He moved over to it forlornly, stood still, and began to examine the image in it.
The Shakespeare staring back at him looked tired, drawn, worn out. There was little life in the eyes, a worried frown across his forehead, a downward curve of the lips giving him a sad appearance.
“What a miserable face,” William whispered.
It was a sad face, a dejected face, a depressed face.
“What a face,” he said loudly. “But one day it will be a happy face, as I introduce my son Rufus Christopher Soho Samuel Shakespeare to the crowd for his first performance on the stage.
“Then again, maybe he should become an accountant and enjoy life …”
“Or a strong man,” came a voice.
Shakespeare turned to his right at the sound, and was overjoyed to see Samuel Davidson walking down the corridor to him.
“Samuel,” he cried. “Samuel. I didn’t know you were coming back.”
He rushed forward and the two embraced.
“I thought …” continued Shakespeare.
“You thought I would be over there forever?” said Davidson.
“Well … who knows when this will all end?”
“Who knows? But I had had enough … enough of life on the road, enough of being the courtier to the Queen of Nubia, enough of wearing black make-up.”
“So, they decided to let you go?”
“Christopher has been writing some sort of sonnet or somesuch, not a play, mind, and had missed the last courier with it, but expressly wanted to get it back to Sir Thomas. Really important, he said. So Soho and I ...” and here the big man’s face began to crumble.
“Yes?” said Shakespeare slowly.
“Soho and I,” said Samuel, drawing a deep breath, “Soho and I offered to bring it back, and come home for good.”
“Excellent,” said Shakespeare.
“But …”
“Samuel, what’s wrong?”
“But, Mr Shakespeare. There’s only me that’s come back.”
“What?”
“Soho … perhaps he was doing the cartwheels because he was so happy that we were coming home.”
“Cartwheels?”
“On the Pont du Garrard, or something like that,” said Davidson, his bottom lip trembling. “One of those Roman water bridges, in France. He fell off, Mr Shakespeare, fell off, and now he’s dead.”
William staggered backwards. The back of his head hit the looking glass, and he turned around to stare into it. Soho? Dead? Not Soho. He was indestructible. He could survive anything. He could bounce from danger to safety in an instant.
William was about to say something like, “Did he suffer?” when in the looking glass, he detected a movement behind him and turning around all thoughts of Soho and of a future for his own son drained away, as he saw the looks on the faces of Margaret and the doctor standing at the bedroom door.
They were both sombre, the doctor looking professionally concerned, Margaret dabbing at her eyes with the corner of a handkerchief.
“I’m sorry,” said the doctor. “The Plague …it comes, it goes … it has taken her, and the baby was not strong enough to survive by itself … I’m sorry.”
It was tribute to the character of William Shakespeare that, after he had pushed past them, rushed in and knelt by the bed and hugged the dead bodies of his wife and child in tears, he went back to the theatre - knowing he had to be there at the end to receive the plaudits of the Queen and thus maintain the subterfuge of the great Marlowe plot - and took his bows, weighed down by the death of his new son and of his wife.
Indeed, through his tears when he left the room, he took no notice of how the doctor, silently and stealthily packing his potions away in his bag, reached across the table to pick up a bottle, revealing on his left forearm, as his sleeve slid upwards, a nasty looking tattoo of a coiled snake …

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

The death of his de facto wife and newborn son was the cruellest of body blows to William Shakespeare.
Now thirty-four, he had experienced what he felt was his fair share of trials and tragedies throughout his days at Stratford, travelling the countryside with his mentor Rufus J. Budsby, and ultimately setting up business in London. There had been the sudden dissolution of his engagement to Anne Whateley and her subsequent tragic suicide. There had been his rapid-fire, forced marriage with Anne Hathaway, and the resultant birth of children amid the turmoil of an on-again, off-again, but basically loveless marriage.
There had been moments of despair when the travelling mummer group faced bankruptcy, and had been almost overwhelmed by tragic personal circumstances, such as the roadside killing of the gentle giant, Hercules, by brigands at Norwich and now the distressing death of the troupe’s favourite, Soho, on the Gard River in France.
There was even the time, thought William ruefully, that they had had their horses stolen overnight, thus providing a very profitable source of meat filling for an enterprising east London pie-maker. Successful as that project had been for the horse thieves and the baker, to William, that was not the Shakespeare way of doing things.
William stopped for a moment, and looked up from kneeling at the side of the cold, unmade bed, where only a few hours before the love of his life and their new baby had lain.
“The Shakespeare way of doing things?” he shouted to the empty room. “What is the Shakespeare way of doing things? Hey? Can anyone answer that?”
There was no answer, but the agonised Shakespeare pursued the query. “Can you, God? Or whoever it is you call yourself? Can you answer the question, ‘What is the Shakespeare way of doing things?’
“Well, I can. I will tell you.
“The Shakespeare way of doing things is to be controlled by others. That’s it. To be manipulated by forces, seen and unseen. Mainly unseen…” he said wanly, tears rolling down his cheek. “Mainly unseen. Never in control of your own destiny. That’s the Shakespeare way of doing things.
“Picked up, probed, pushed, and packaged.
“Packaged into something that I am not.
“In fact, I do not know what I am.
“There is no word to describe me!
“Charlatan, perhaps.
“Fraud, maybe.
“Usurer, possibly.
“After all, I am user of other people’s talents, especially that of my good friend, Christopher. What word is there to describe me?”
“Friend!” barked a mighty, booming voice. “That is a word describing you, just as a beginning. Friend. And believe me, young man, I can tell you that, in the pantheon of human traits, there is no better characteristic than loyalty.”
There was silence as the big fellow shuffled across the polished wood floor. Through his tears Shakespeare noticed for the first time that Budsby was not moving with his usual smoothness and agility on his otherwise dainty feet. The news of the death of Soho, his unique performer and partner right from the earliest days had shocked, battered and exhausted him.
The big man came up to Shakespeare and put a huge left hand on his student’s shuddering right shoulder.
“Friend,” intoned Budsby. “Loyal friend. Business partner. Hard worker. Actor. Producer. These are just some of the words that do you justice.”
Shakespeare stared up at the big man, his bottom lip quivering.
“Lover is another,” continued Budsby. “A gentle, beautiful lover for Sarah. Giving her a love that fulfilled her life, absorbed her every hour. And there is one more word …”
“What is that?” whispered Shakespeare slowly.
“A son,” said the big fellow gently. “You are like a son to me. No, wait, not like a son. You are my son. You have been my son since the day we met by that cold stream outside Stratford and forged a bond that has taken us on this extraordinary journey through life, a journey one moment of which I shall never regret.”
More tears began to well in William’s eyes.
“And I am here,” said Budsby quietly, “to help share the burden of my son’s grief.”
Shakespeare got up and embraced the big fellow, the tearful droplets cascading down his cheeks.
“Thank you, Mr Budsby, thank you,” he whispered. “But even if I do not know what I am, I know what I have lost. I have lost the love of my life, and the child of my dreams. That is what I have lost.”
“You have not lost their memory, their image and their enduring love, that will stay with you forever.”
“It’s not fair,” said Shakespeare suddenly. “The Plague! I did not know that it was still with us.”
“Sir Thomas said that it comes, it goes,” said Budsby.
“That’s what his lunatic doctor said, too.”
“There are always isolated pockets of it suddenly appearing,” said Budsby. “You will remember the terrible time in 1593 when thousands were dying?”
“I remember,” said Shakespeare sorrowfully. “We were trying to get plays on stage, written by Chris…”
“Written by you.”
“Written by … me … and the theatres were closed down to stop the sickness spreading among the audiences.”
“Yes, well, the Plague never entirely goes away. It’s insidious. It takes a handful of unfortunate souls here and there, and then it disappears for a while. And no doubt in our time, unless there is some great leap forward in the thought processes by those pompous fools that call themselves healing physicians, there will be another massive outbreak of it again one day, and many more will die.”
There was silence as the two battle-hardened warriors of entertainment looked at each other.
“William, I…”
“Yes?” said Shakespeare, eyeing him carefully. He knew the old man well, and could see that something was worrying him, something more than the personal tragedy of his adopted son.
“There is something you should know,” said Budsby gravely.
“What?”
“Our position is still not entirely in the clear.”
“What do you mean, not in the clear? We answered the Queen’s challenge, did we not?”
“Indeed we did. We certainly did. The echo of the applause is still ringing through the rafters at The Globe. It was a cruel irony that this dreadful personal tragedy should strike at your moment of triumph when you have handled Elizabeth’s fourteen-day dare with such ease, thus stamping yourself forever as the consummate writer of these times.”
“Yes, but,” said Shakespeare, waving his hand dismissively, “it wasn’t me that wrote it, you know that. It was all Christopher’s work.”
“And therein lies the rub. Christopher, he, ah, that is …”
“He’s what?” said Shakespeare, his tone, for the first time in the conversation, lifting from melancholy into anxiety. “Christopher is all right, isn’t he? There is nothing wrong?”
“No, no, he is fine. He couldn’t be better, he’s writing well. In fact, that is the problem, he is writing too well.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well, you will remember, around about the time of Christopher’s, um, death - and I use that word advisedly - we published those two love poems.”
“Venus and Adonis, and The Rape of Lucrece? You call them love poems? Dirty poems is the phrase I would use. Dirty poems.”
“Well, William, I am an old man from the old school. I use the word love because I find it hard to use words such as f… f... f…”
“Fornication?”
“Filth was the word I was searching for,” said Budsby with a wry smile.
“But they went on and on about people having intercourse,” said Shakespeare. “And I do not mean of the verbal kind. I felt so embarrassed to have them published in my name. Even the title of one of them, with the word ‘Rape’ in it, made me feel awful.”
“We had no choice!” said Budsby gravely. “Lord Burghley has been trying to curry favour with the young Earl of Southampton and his family for ages, and got Marlowe to write the damn things and dedicate them to the little upstart. You know Burghley, he’s always up to something.”
“Yes, and usually no good. I was staggered when the pages came back from Christopher and were published. Anytime someone says to me, ‘I love your two poems, Mr Shakespeare,’ and gives me that knowing, leering wink, as if to say, ‘Lot of activity between the sheets!’ I don’t know which way to turn.”
“Well, there’s more.”
“More! More poems?”
“No, no. The sonnets.”
“The sonnets? I thought they were going along the same line as the poems.”
“Yes, well,” said Budsby, running his chin with a big chubby hand. “Sort of.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well, again, Burghley has gotten Chris to write them …”
“In my name.”
“In your name. Yes, William, in your name. And again, they are directed toward the young Earl.”
“He’s only a boy.”
“Not even twenty,” said Budsby. “But Burghley has some sort of marriage idea in mind, and is trying to encourage it with these words. I believe he sees a joining of the Southampton family with his own, via a union in marriage to some niece or other.”
“And?”
“And, thus, they are of a very romantic nature, too.”
“How do you mean?”
“Well, er, Christopher has chosen to bury suggestions in the verses.”
“Suggestions? Such as what?”
“It could be interpreted that the, er, writer is in love with the recipient.”
William stared blankly at Budsby as the concept sunk in.
“You mean, it could be deduced that I, as the writer, am the lover of the receiver of the poem, the Earl of Southampton?”
“That is one interpretation,” said Budsby evenly. “But there are many others. It is difficult to pin down sometimes whether the writer and the lover are male or female, and who is loving who. And who is doing what to who. At other times it seems more straightforward.”
“Well, I hope people see the straightforward parts.”
“The story-line is made more complicated in the latest verses that have just arrived. The ones that Samuel brought with him, along with the news about Soho.” The big man began to shake visibly.
William began to feel weak. God, he thought, can this situation get any worse? He started to breathe deeply - huge gulps of air, as the big fellow steadied himself with his ever-present Blackwood walking stick.
“Burghley,” said Budsby slowly, “Burghley and Sir Thomas have already read them, of course. Samuel went straight to them first. In these stanzas we now have the appearance of a third character - a mysterious person simply called the Dark Lady.”
William looked straight in the eyes of his mentor.
“Dark Lady?” he said slowly. “There would be no mystery about a Dark Lady. That it is obviously Rasa. Surely, he has based that character on Rasa, his African girl friend and would-be Queen of Nubia. She is a dark lady, so she must be the Dark Lady.”
“I wouldn’t argue with that, my friend,” said Budsby evenly. “But only a handful of us know that.”
“So?”
“The man in the street will read them with the eyes of the casual observer. You and I look at them with a certain insight. But Sir Thomas and Lord Burghley have been reading them with the eye of the spy, and believe that in those sonnets our young Christopher is telling the story of his fake death!”
“What?”
“There are hidden message in the words outlining the whole conspiracy.”
“You are joking!”
“I am not. Read them, my friend. He’s buried messages in layers of words. He talks of arrest, and bail, and a stabbing. It’s all there. It’s jumbled up, but if you read it, it tells the story. The whole story of deceit, lies and cover-ups.”
There was a long silence as William tried to take all this in.
“So, he is trying to give the game away?”
“No, no,” said Budsby, and for the first time the big bassoon laugh started to emerge. “Not at all. He knows that the ordinary person will not tumble to this. All he is doing is letting people in the know - people like Burghley and Walsingham and you and me - that he is still around, that he is a force to be dealt with, and that no matter what happens, he is still …”
“Yes?”
“The writer.”
William looked blankly out the window.
“So, what do we do?”
“We have to ride above this, William. You have to ignore any innuendo or suggestion about you and the Earl.”
“Ignore? Ignore! You read it one way and it says I am having an affair with him, and I am supposed to ignore it! Easy for you to say.”
“You can do it. You are in the best position of any person to do so - you are William Shakespeare, the writer, the premiere author of these times, the literary colossus of England, the man who stands above and beyond the rest of us. You are so big, so famous, you can ride above it, leaving the gossipers and their malicious tongues babbling harmlessly in your wake.”
There was a long silence.
“Yes, well maybe … we’ll see.”
Shakespeare looked at his aging mentor. Just as he had earlier noticed for the first time that the small feet were no longer as dainty as they used to be, he now noticed that the old man’s once beetroot-coloured skin was getting greyer, losing its life.
Shakespeare looked down at the bed again, and the tears began to well.
“At least Christopher has his lover with him – alive. And he wines, and he dines, and he gets plenty of money.”
“Indeed, he does. Sir Thomas ensures that he receives his just desserts for his efforts. In fact, it is interesting to watch the ebb and flow of his work. You can see the pattern - when his finances have been almost exhausted, he is inspired into action to redress the state of his empty purse.”
“Not only that, he has entry to the best possible places for research for the plays.”
“That is also true,” continued Budsby. “The collections of books of kings and queens. The libraries of the monasteries. As the private secretary to Her Majesty, the Queen of Nubia, he is being allowed access to books of such historic profundity. Books about wars, and kings, and dukes and heroes. And about villains, and powerful families, all written by a steady hand with a sharpened quill hundreds of years before the latter-day printing inventions of Herr Gutenberg and our own Mr Caxton.”
“And the cities he gets to. You and I are recognised in our careers as being experienced travellers. But our concept of an exotic port-of-call is thrilling places such as Taunton, Sheffield, and, dare I say it, Norwich.”
The big fellow winced at the mention of the east England town that had come in and out of their lives and brought them so much distress.
“Whereas,” continued Shakespeare, “Christopher visits Verona, Venice, Padua.”
“And puts those visits to great effect,” added Budsby quickly. “Look at the incisive detail that goes into his plays - he knows the streets, the canals, the statues. He knows the people in these cities, the cut of their clothes, the tenor of their accent.”
“Exactly. It is working for us, Mr Budsby. Sir Thomas’ plan is succeeding beautifully. So, why is Christopher putting cryptic messages in these sonnets and risking the rack for all of us if the plot comes undone?”
“Consider his position, William,” said Budsby gravely. “As far as the rest of the world is concerned, he is dead and buried in a desolate Deptford cemetery. Can you imagine what that means to him?”
“Well, I guess there would be moments of frustration.”
“Moments of frustration. Oh, my boy, sometimes your rural naivety leaves me breathless. Frustration is hardly the word for it. As far as he is concerned, he is alive and well. He still has his hands, his arms, his head, his heart, his ability to write.”
“And he is continuing to do that.”
“Yes, but not in his name, William, not in his name! He is creating - creating material as good as ever - but the words appear in your name. That is a different thing. Writers have an ego, an ego that needs to be preened.”
“We send him messages about the success his plays are having!”
“I’m sure that gladdens his heart. But for a playwright, there is no substitute for standing at the rear of the theatre and watching as his work unfolds up on stage.”
“Yes. I see.”
“He needs to listen to the crowd and see how they will respond with applause, or laughter, or tears.”
“I remember when he used to do that.”
“The lines go through his head, and he waits in anticipation. There is a joke coming up. Will they laugh? There is a moment of tragedy looming. Will they draw their breath in? There is a resolution of a conundrum on the horizon. Will they nudge each other and say, ‘I told you so’? And when they do, when any or all of these things happen on cue, an astonishing feeling goes through the writer’s body. A feeling that you and I will never experience in our lives. A warm, exhilarating feeling of triumph that is indescribable.”
“But he is living in splendid luxury in Europe. He is staying at the castles of princes and kings. They welcome him and Rasa with open arms, and feed him the best of wine and food.”
“Splendid as his treatment may be, that does not replace the comfortable feeling of being at home, in his own surroundings, being fêted by his own people, savouring his success.”
“Success? He gets paid handsomely. More than I do. And half my money will now go back to Stratford!”
“Where your wife … er, that is, your real wife … will no doubt begin investing it wisely, so Walsingham tells me. I gather that on the basis of his canny nose for a bargain, he is already surreptitiously directing her to purchase a property called the New Place - in your name, of course.”
“She will put it in my name only because the law says she has to put it in the name of her legal husband. If she could put it in her own name she would.”
“Nevertheless, it is intriguing that it should be called New Place, suggesting a new beginning sometime. Who knows what might happen and how you may benefit from that in the future?”
William was too tired to reply. But, he thought, if half my proceeds are going there, it is surely not worth discounting …
“Well, yes, we shall see,” concluded Budsby eventually. “Meanwhile, we must concentrate on events here in London.”
“In what way?”
“We carry on, dear William,” said Budsby. “Despite the tragedy, and the innuendo, and even Christopher’s secret messages, we carry on like the old troopers we are, maintaining the image that is required, and striving for the result that must be achieved. The show must go on. And, indeed …”
“Yes?”
“Of all our great productions, William, this is the show that must truly go on forever …”

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

“Do you remember that time when the square of St Mark’s flooded?”
“How could I forget?” replied Rasa. “You tipped your hat upside down, dropped it in the water like a little gondola, and watched it float away with glee, clapping your hands like a child.”
“I was still a child in those days in Venice, and I am still a child now.” Marlowe leaned forward and kissed her.
There was a silence as the two lovers stared deeply into each other eyes.
“But Christopher, you are thirty-nine,” said Rasa, brushing the tip of his nose gently with her forefinger. “It is time you grew up.”
They each fell back on the long grass on which they were sitting, lay looking at the dank sky, and laughed. They laughed the hearty laugh that had kept them together through the highs and lows of their ten-year European odyssey.
“Is it really that long?” she said eventually.
“Madam, I am shocked at your inquisitiveness,” he replied in mock horror, raising his head and peering quizzically down at where the beautifully cut but now increasingly tatty blue trousers covered his groin. “But if you really must know, yes, it is that long. Although, people in the know tell me it is getting a bit shorter as the years go by.”
“Not that, silly,” she said, punching him on the arm. “You men and your manhood. You think of nothing else. I mean, is it really ten years since we left England?”
“Almost to the day, my love. Let me see now, I died … oh, how I hate using that word ... I died, as far as the rest of the world is concerned, on May 30, 1593. And, as it is now April 4, 1603, then it is not quite ten years of sheer, unadulterated drudgery being stuck with you for every moment.”
“You, you!” said Rasa, punching him again, and laughing.
“I am only joking, my love. It has been a wonderful experience. A grand, exotic, wild journey. A journey almost beyond belief. But a journey I could only have completed with you by my side, and no one else.”
“Then, this is it, we are completing it? There is to be no more?”
There was silence as the lovers stared at the sky. The leaden clouds only added to the sombreness of the moment.
“No more,” said Christopher quietly. “Our time has come.”
For most of the time on the road, the pair had carried off their roles as the monarch of Nubia and her loyal, albeit quirky, private secretary, with flair and diligence, milking it for all it was worth. They had been housed as guests in the most fashionable of places, given access to books, documents, libraries and tales of the court, which provided Christopher with the story-lines to write his plays.
Gossip and information about the tangled political and religious links, amalgamations, and plots that stretched across Europe, had been gathered and sent back to the master-spy, Walsingham, in London.
In turn, each play produced a handsome royalty, organised by Sir Thomas, and the regular arrival of a bag of gold coins was looked upon by the itinerant duo with great enthusiasm. It paid the mammoth bills of keeping such an entourage on the road in between the city-states. The transport costs, feeding people, buying new costumes.
Then there were the times when no official invitation could be seen on the horizon, and they had to lodge for weeks on end in an inn until a local baronet or some other status-seeking aristocrat could be targeted and lured into hosting the exotic monarch.
Not to mention Christopher’s love of the good life, when he would slip away to a tavern in some seedy part of town, and end up buying drinks for all, gambling on card games, and putting his fantastic historical and general knowledge to the test of anyone who dared challenge him.
Rasa did not mind these moments of foolishness. She knew her brilliant, life-loving lover needed a break from the stuffy constraints of the court.
She also knew he would be faithful.
Besides, if it did look like his witty mouth was heading him toward a physical altercation with the in-house bully, or his sublime handsomeness was unwittingly sending come-on signals to the resident seductress, big Samuel and little Soho would step in, diplomatically defuse the situation, and bring him home to sleep it off.
Thus, in the early days, it had been easy. The novelty of a black African queen arriving at the main gate, surrounded by a colourful assortment of characters, performers and animals, was too good an opportunity for any autocrat worth his salt to resist.
But over the years it had become a struggle, as animals died and were difficult to replace, carriages wore out, Soho tragically passed away before their eyes, Samuel returned to London, and personnel either ran off or amicably departed for greener pastures. One had fallen into the amorous arms of an Austrian duke.
Slowly but surely, as they zigzagged through France and Italy, before heading northward through Germany and beyond, the invitations began to dry up. As the entourage slowly fragmented, the couple risked becoming a parody of themselves. As time wore on, the once-exciting message ringing through a town that an exotic Queen was on the brow of the adjacent hill became dismissed with a wave of the hand and a sniffed “Oh, that old couple.”
As they grew older, they lost their physical allure, a situation exacerbated by the continuing problem of Rasa’s left cheek. It had been scratched by a playful court cat as they were leaving Padua for the last time, and at first appeared to be only a slight wound. But it would not go away, and over the months got worse. Despite the best ministrations of doctors, it never properly healed. The festering sore led to a permanently drooping, weeping left eye, vandalising the once peerless facade of beauty, and forcing people to look away in repulsion instead of looking on in envy or lust. She found herself constantly staring down at her feet, rather than holding her head high, and her haughty presence, once the keystone to their success, gradually had lost its impact.
“If I was back in Africa, I could have this fixed,” she would say angrily when another treatment by a physician had failed. “My father would rub the golden sands of my home-land on it, and it would be healed.”
By the time they had reached the land of the Danes, where Christopher expressed his gathering disillusionment by throwing himself into writing an angst-ridden play about a moody prince he called Hamlet, there was just the two of them left.
Now, here they were in Scotland, lying on their backs in a secluded wood, penniless, disillusioned and tired with it all, contemplating the Final Act.
They had considered the obvious option.
“You could continue writing, under yet another name,” Rasa had suggested when they had boarded the tiny fishing vessel that had taken them across from Denmark to Scotland.
“That is a great idea, my love,” Christopher had replied, “but it will not work. To begin with, who am I, a stranger, to walk into the office of a producer and throw a play down on his desk and ask to get it produced, when everyone knows that the only scripts worth putting on these days are those from the pen of the mighty William Shakespeare?
“And even then, I am stuck whichever way you look at it. If I write it in a different style to that which comes out under William’s name, then I know in my heart it will be not worth producing. And if I write it to my usual excellent standard and style, any right-minded producer will say …” - and here Marlowe had put on the voice sounding like any one of the dozens of London theatre hustlers he had worked with in the early days - ‘Oi, you’re not trying to copy the great Master Shakespeare are you? Where’d you get this? Get out of here, you plagiarist, you.’” He let out a little laugh. “Oh, Rasa,” he had said slowly, “the irony of it all. I am the prisoner of my own brilliance.”
Now, the final body blow had been struck.
“What else is there to do now that Elizabeth is dead?” added Christopher, still staring at the sky.
They knew that this development, the death of the Queen of England a few weeks earlier on March 24, 1603, after more than forty years on the throne, had brought them to a decisive moment.
“The Golden Age is finished,” Christopher continued. “Elizabeth loved the theatre, she loved my work - well, at least, what she knows as Will’s work. But King James, who will soon leave Scotland to take up as her successor, is not so keen on the theatre. The couriers tell me that there are serious economic matters he’ll have to grapple with - the poor harvests of late have all but ruined England, not to mention the ongoing war with the Irish. There will be no fourteen-day challenges to write a play from him.”
Rasa leaned across, took his hand, held it to her face, and gently kissed it. She looked into his eyes, and noticed that, for one of the rare times they had been on the road, he was weeping.
This was not her Christopher. Her buoyant, brilliant, brave Christopher. The Christopher that had strode his way across Europe, carrying the charade to perfection, laughing all the way.
That was it. The laugh.
He had laughed that day in Venice when St Mark’s square - as it does - flooded.
The Venetians, who had built the floating city-state out of expediency to thwart the horse-bound rampaging barbarians from the north, took things like this with elements of annoyance and concern.
But Christopher had stood on the steps of the magnificent church and had laughed and laughed. Especially when his hat was picked up by a small current, and was last seen heading toward the Bridge of Sighs, the melancholy archway crossed by thousands of prisoners taken from the nearby court to the dungeon.
He had laughed at the pompous power of Venice, overseen by the regularly elected potentate, the Doge. He had laughed at its pursuit of maritime power. He had laughed at its grasp for merchant success, and had put that down on paper in a play that was a triumph. He had laughed in Verona, too, when he came across a great opportunity - a story written several years earlier by Luigi da Porto about two young people whose love, opposed by their warring families, ended in tragedy.
“This will make a great play,” he had told Rasa with enthusiasm. “One of my finest! I want to call it Chris and Rasa, but we will settle on Romeo and Juliet.”
He had laughed at the sternness of the Germans and the aloofness of the Danes. Why, he had even laughed when they reached Scotland.
“You have to laugh. It’s so bloody cold,” he had told Rasa.
But the internal bitterness was beginning to show up in his work, and the gloominess of the resultant play set in Scotland, which he titled Macbeth, had shocked even Rasa.
Sustaining the furious pace, he had written three more works and had forwarded them on to William, but now was resigned to his fate.
“From what I can gather, William has got a drawer full of my plays,” he said. “Stuff I have written and sent to him ages ago is still yet to see light of day. And the last message said it might be years before some of it gets on stage. So, it’s pointless doing anything any more.” He picked up a muddy clod of earth that lay nearby and hurled it angrily into the distance. “And I don’t feel like doing any more, anyway. I’m tired of all this travelling. I’m tired of writing. I’m tired of being a person who does not exist. There is no other job that I want to do or am capable of doing.
“So … it is time for the Final Act, in the true sense of the phrase.”
His anger slowly subsided and he looked at the face of his once beautiful queen. “Tell me how it goes again?” he said softly, as the leaden clouds drifted slowly by.
“It was once the great tradition in my country, hundreds of years ago,” Rasa said evenly. “My father told me about it, many times. A long, deep pit would be dug, and those that had been selected would climb in and lie down.”
“On a feather mattress?”
“Silly. No. They would lie on the earth, but it was very important that they faced the same way, and were curled up in the same position.”
“Tell me about the gold again.”
“They would take with them all their best jewellery. Rings, necklaces, bangles. There would be gold figurines beside them, figures of the gods.”
“Seems a great waste.”
“It is important for the journey, very important. It is the final journey.”
“And then?”
“And then … people would stand above and throw the soil on them … and fill the trench and bury them alive.”
“Ooo-eerrr. Didn’t anyone get up and run away, screaming?”
“My people are noble and loyal,” she said. “It was the wish of the priests and the gods. Besides, my father used to say that the sacrificed ones were always given something to drink, some sort of potion, which made them feel good, and confident in themselves that they were doing the right thing.”
“Just like consuming seven pints of fine ale at the tavern.”
“Yes, Christopher. But in that case you never wanted to lie down after it. You wanted to jump around the bed all night.”
“And a fine time we used to have, too,” he replied.
He laughed again.
“It has indeed been a fine time, Christopher,” Rasa added slowly. “And now, as you want, is the time to end it.”
“And do you want to, too?”
“I only want to be with you. Wherever you are.”
Christopher nodded, and began the final preparations.
His years of working as a spy had taught him well, and he had conceived the perfect plan.
They had ridden off the main road leading from the north-east of Scotland south to Edinburgh and had gone miles into the forest to a secluded spot, before letting the horses go. Then they had dug a shallow grave. “Our own version of the Nubian pit,” said Chris.
And now it was time to settle in it.
They stood up from where they had been lying on the grass, and despite the grey skies and chill wind, began to undress each other.
“No,” she said, when he placed his finger under her chin, and gently lifted her head to get a full view of her face. “My eye, it is awful to look at.”
“When I see my Rasa, I see only beauty,” Christopher replied.
He pulled the final remnants of her clothes off, and stood back for a moment to admire the beautiful ebony body for the last time. Yes, she had aged. But she had not lost the sculptured curves, the glorious shape.
“It is getting cold,” she finally said, and began to shiver.
“We agreed that as we came together as lovers, we will part as lovers in arms.”
He helped her lay down in the shallow pit first, never taking his eyes off the face, the face that had once been the cornerstone of their success, but which had dogged them and undermined them for three years now.
Then he hopped across, crouched down and lay beside her.
They looked at each other longingly.
“There have been two constants in my life,” he said eventually.
“What are they?” she whispered.
“My love for you, and …”
He opened his left palm and held a small object only a few inches from Rasa’s face.
“ … this,” he said, with a wan smile.
It was a small silver phial about two inches long, with a filigree top.
“Sir Thomas gave it to me while I was still studying at Cambridge, and it has never left me since,” said Christopher. “He said there was enough poison in it to kill twenty men. Of course, it was meant for only one. And that was me, in case I got into trouble while working for him. ‘You must do the honourable thing, Christopher,’ he would say. ‘Rather than go to the rack and wreck England with a confession.’”
“So if it can kill twenty,” said Rasa, “there should be enough in there to kill two.”
“Easily,” said Christopher. “Are you ready?”
“I am ready,” she said.
“I love you, Rasa.”
“And I love you, Christopher.”
They snuggled closer together.
He unscrewed the top of the phial.
They kissed.
And as their lips parted he trickled some of the black liquid into her mouth, and then swallowed the remainder himself.
As the potent poison took its rapid effect, they embraced, and locked themselves in each other’s arms.
And over the years, the wild Scots wind and rain and mud and leaves did their duty, and the great writer and his beautiful lover were swallowed up by the earth and lost to the world forever.

CHAPTER THIRTY

“Is it him?”
“Of course it’s him,” said Polly, “I would know that scrawny figure anywhere. In fact, I saw more of it in London a few years ago than most people, perhaps including you!”
Anne Shakespeare turned and looked at her life-long friend and glowered.
“Accidental-like, of course, Anne,” continued Polly quickly. “You remember. I told you, I interrupted him and his …”
“Girl-friend.”
“Er, yes, that floozy of his, and he was naked, with just a silk ruff hiding his wots-it.”
A tiny smile came to Anne’s lips. That was her Polly. Straight up. Loud. Telling it like it is.
And like the loyal friend she was, Polly had informed her well of William’s situation in London, after that time all those years ago she had visited him to pass the news on about his son Hamnet’s illness which, sadly, led to the boy’s death shortly after, at the tender age of eleven.
Anne hadn’t known whether to laugh or cry when she heard how Polly had found him in his love-nest above a tavern in south London. The image of him delicately holding a flimsy fragment of garment in front of his otherwise naked himself made her laugh. But the thought that he was with another woman only made her feel melancholy.
That was the funny thing. She never felt anger when William’s name was mentioned, or if gossip was passed on about him, or when she heard of the success of another one of his plays.
She felt sadness more than anything.
Yes, their marriage had got off to the rockiest of starts.
Yes, he had been a rather ordinary father.
Yes, he had stormed out of her life, leaving her with three tiny children.
But there had been moments of passion, moments of tenderness, moments when she had really loved him.
A little corner of her heart occasionally told her that all was not entirely lost.
Besides, there was the money.
Money that had forged a new and inescapable bond between them.
Apart from causing considerable mirth, Polly’s visit to London had sparked a remarkable change in Anne’s financial situation. Suddenly, a monthly stipend from William had begun turning up. Cash, brought with unerring regularity to Stratford by a nice chap named Mr Mullins. He had mentioned one day that this was not his normal job, that he was really a maintenance man. But he had added that he also did any work as directed by a chap named Budsby and one of the Walsinghams - although not Francis Walsingham, the queen’s advisor, rather a cousin.
“Besides, ma’am,” Mr Mullins had concluded, “I enjoy the opportunity to get out of London with its foul smells, pimps and crooks.”
The money began to accumulate, so much so, Anne had begun to invest it in property, her only misgiving that she could not put the purchases in her own name.
“That will have to go in William’s name,” had come the stern reply from the keeper of the Stratford records office when the deal for the New Place had all but gone through.
“But it’s me that is buying it!” Anne had retorted.
“True,” the fat, bloated bureaucrat replied, his bursting coat and bulbous red nose indicating a distinct love of a dinner wine. “You’ve got a bargain here ma’am. Very canny buying, I must say. Whoever your advisor is, he knows the game. But you know as well I do, Mrs Shakespeare, women are not allowed to hold property in their own name. And you do have a husband.”
“In name only.”
“In name enough, Mrs Shakespeare, in name enough …”
And now, here she stood, twenty-six years on since William had marched defiantly out, watching as the well-dressed figure alighted from the carriage and began to cross the muddy High Street and head toward them.
He looked tired.
Not just tired from the bumpy, grinding journey in the carriage. Rather, he looked tired of life, tired of London, tired of whatever it was it had taken to bring him so much glory. Not that he ever seemed capable of achieving such success, as far as Anne was concerned.
“Behold the great writer,” she mumbled to herself. “Yet, when he left Stratford, he could barely scrawl his signature …”
And William was feeling tired.
Tired of many things.
Tired of the years of deception, tired of the constant battles of getting a play staged, tired of being used and abused by others.
Certainly, he thought on the bumpy journey to Stratford, there had been benefits.
He had achieved notoriety as a playwright and was now officially a Gentleman.
Despite Walsingham’s insistence that he send half of his royalties to Stratford every month, he had accumulated a modest amount of money and purchased a few parcels of property around London. But at what cost?
My life has never been my own, he reflected as the familiar poplar trees flashed past the open carriage window. I was never allowed to marry the woman of my choice. Not the first time, with Anne Whateley, nor the second time, with Sarah Fletcher. I lived a lie as a writer of plays I could barely read, was dragged into a conspiracy under threat of death by association, and held to ransom for years.
In the end, I am glad I had him killed.
Shakespeare always snapped his head back whenever that thought entered his mind.
The thought, the memory, the overpowering realisation that he had been party to the murder of Sir Thomas Walsingham …
For it was something that he certainly never said aloud, something that he kept buried deep in the darkest recesses of his mind, and something only him and three other people knew. The three now in the carriage with him - Budsby, Soho and Samuel Davidson.
When he started out on life’s journey he never thought that he would organise the death of another person. But had this man not dominated his life for nearly two decades? Had he not held threats over his head for most of that time, especially the link between Shakespeare and the recruitment of the German actor Derek Berkhardt, now lying in an unmarked grave at Deptford and assumed to be Christopher Marlowe? Had he not insisted that William give half his profits to Anne?
Above all, had not the ruthless spymaster organised the cruel death of his beloved Sarah and their just-born little boy, Rufus Christopher Soho Samuel Shakespeare?
That was the thing that finished it for William.
He had been speechless, mortified, stricken, when he was told this piece of information – news so sickening, it had plunged him into a mental fog for days.
The memories of that day had kept flashing back. Of how Sarah and the baby had just kept getting weaker and weaker, and that fool of a doctor didn’t seem to be able to do anything about it.
Even then, it was only by accident that William found out the real cause of their death - via a scrap of conversation overheard by Samuel Davidson between Walsingham’s two senior henchmen, the dreadful Richard Poley and the evil Ingram Frizer.
“I heard it with my own ears,” Samuel had reported to William the next day. “You know how I used to get around the taverns in the old days to see what was happening? Well, last night I went for a wander, force of habit I guess, and ended up in that little place in Spitalfields, the one with the bull’s head out the front, and the pair of them, very drunk, were at a table behind me.
“Frizer was saying how, in his whole career of dirty tricks, that that was the toughest job he had ever done for Walsingham, and Poley said ‘What, poisoning the mother and child?’ and he said, ‘No, shaving my beard and putting on that silly silver-haired wig to fool everyone and play the doctor.’ And they both roared laughing, Mr Shakespeare, roared laughing. He put his hands back behind his head and I saw this horrible tattoo of a coiled snake. It made my blood boil and I wanted to stand up and thrash both of them there and then, but I thought I had better tell you and Mr Budsby first.”
“And it is a good thing that you have,” Budsby had said. “Dishing out any punishment to those two is just a waste of time. They are merely henchmen of a greater power, and will get their just reward in the after-life.”
“What are you saying?” William had replied, still glassy-eyed from the news.
“I’m saying that the man who gave the orders, the man at the top, is the one who should have to pay for this most heinous of crimes. Pay him in kind,” had said Budsby evenly, “an eye for an eye.”
“But Mr Budsby, we are not that type. We don’t go around murdering people.”
“Who said anything about murdering him? We will simply do what Sir Thomas has always done - set up an early appointment for him with his Maker. I don’t care how much money this whole plot has brought us, the point is we now have discovered after all these years it was him that took away from you the two most precious things in your life - your true love and your baby son.
“And,” Budsby had continued, “all because, we now know, alas, too late, she stumbled across the secret of the Marlowe conspiracy when she opened the drawer containing Christopher’s plays one day … Naïve as she was, she was smart enough to work it out. The full story materialized before her eyes as she shuffled through the papers, especially with Christopher’s covering notes which showed that undoubtedly he was still alive, and that he was the real writer of the plays, and you had deceived the work, including her, by taking the credit. In shock and amazement she had blabbed the whole story to the only person in her life she felt she could now trust - Uncle Percy.
“Their death warrants were signed when Percy began wandering the streets of London in his own confused way, saying, ‘Marlowe is not dead. Marlowe is not dead. He has gone to Norwich. That bastard of a town.’ When Percy was found accidentally drowned in his bath a day after the death of Sarah and the baby, Walsingham had made his point clear. No word of the great scheme was ever to get out - not from the mouth of one so close to a principal player, and not even from the lips of a poor old harmless fool.”
In the end, Walsingham’s own final moment had been a simple matter – at odds with the complex life he had lead. Samuel had simply climbed into the big house in Surrey one night and held a pillow over his head.
“He was nearly at his end, anyway,” Samuel had reported next morning. “He was coughing and farting and sneezing before I put the pillow over him, like he was going to die before week’s end.”
And so, with Walsingham out of the way, the theatre scene crumbling, the cash drying up, and no word from Marlowe - not even a small personal note for years now, indicating that he had either tired of the whole affair or had died - William had decided the best place was to go back to where it all started.
“There are three plays left that we could do, but I am not interested,” he had said to the trio in the carriage.
“That is a more than reasonable view,” had replied Budsby. “There is no better place to seek fulfilment in one’s latter years than one’s place of origin. And besides, considering all that money that you have forwarded to your wife over the years, there must be a pretty penny waiting for you!”
“One would hope so, Mr Budsby,” replied Shakespeare brightening. “One would hope so. Perhaps I will just spend my time in Stratford, dabble in a bit of property, and enjoy life.”
Thus it was he found himself alighting from the carriage and picking his way through the mud toward Anne, laying eyes on her for the first time in more than two decades.
She looked as strong as ever, he thought. Still handsome, but not pretty.
He thought of the good times. The times they rolled in the hay when he was but a boy. The times she cooked him wonderful meals and they made love. The marvellous moment she had pulled the curtains back to reveal her strong naked body.
Yes, he thought to himself as they came closer, I’m sure we can live together again. Without too many pots being thrown …
They embraced, stiffly at first, but then a small tingle of warmth ran through William’s body. He lifted her and spun her around, and they embraced again.
Looking over her shoulder, he could see three figures in the distance picking up their bags from the back of the carriage and heading off down the main road leading out of town.
One was a short, squat figure with huge shoulders and powerful looking legs, obviously a very strong man
The second, a stocky figure with leathered hands, obviously used to hard work.
And the third, a large fat fellow dressed in an enormous brown coat, with a big hat, now a little stooped, but walking with vigour on surprisingly dainty feet.
The big man was talking and his bassoon voice reverberated along the street.
“If I recollect correctly, gentlemen, there is an icy stream just a little way out of town,” he boomed. “Who knows who we might meet down there that will lead us on to our next adventure …”
THE END

About the people behind The Playmakers`
The words
GRAEME JOHNSTONE had a long and successful career in journalism before moving into writing novels and musicals. He worked for many years with Australia’s biggest selling newspaper, The Herald Sun in Melbourne, including a seven year stint writing its popular daily column, A Place In The Sun, catching the vibe of the city for more than 1.3 million readers every morning.
Graeme and his wife Elsie later established The Wordsmiths business and out of that he began collaborating as a lyricist with composer Pete Sullivan. His first major musical, Normie, based on the 1960s experiences of Australia’s King of Pop, Normie Rowe, was premiered in 2012.
The Playmakers was Graeme’s first novel. A second novel, Lover, Husband, Father, Monster, was co-written with Elsie when they lived in Dublin in 2009. They are now writing its sequel, The Aftermath. Graeme’s political memoir of Joan Child, Australia’s first woman Speaker of the House, will be published soon.

The Concept
KEVIN HEENEY was educated by the Jesuits at Xavier College, Melbourne, and it was there that a chance remark by a teacher about “Shakespeare not being written by Shakespeare” set him on the path that has culminated in this book. He found the concept compelling and over the years since has been gathering material from a wide variety of sources to develop a case.
As a young man Kevin toured the world, at one stage living in Hollywood behind the famous Grumman’s Chinese Theatre and later working on the Stock Exchange in Canada. His working life included establishing a distribution company, promoting a dance band and managing the magnificent Her Majesty’s Theatre in Ballarat.
Built during the gold rush days, it is Victoria’s longest surviving theatre and regarded as one of the best live performance locations in Australia. Under his management, international talent such as Barry Humphries appeared there, spurring Kevin’s interest in entertainment, the arts and literature.
