


Christopher Noble’s




Patrick Tracy:
Abandoned


Patrick Tracy: Abandoned
Patrick Tracy Series
Book One


Cover Art Sunrise Sailing Ship © Elen | Dreamstime.com
Chapter Artwork Anchor and Rope Copyright © TheByteMan
Glossary Artwork Compass Rose Copyright © Lordoftheloch
Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2015 Christopher Noble

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This eBook is a work of fiction. All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, recorded, scanned, or distributed in any printed or electronic form without permission from the copyright owner of this book.










CHAPTER ONE

Abandonment

My name is Patrick Tracy. I’m ten years old. My family has lived forever in Ireland in a place called Wexford. My uncle is taking me to Wexford’s only port to put me on a ship bound for Boston in the Massachusetts Bay.
My story follows.

This ship is enormous. As I gaze upon it, the sun’s reflection off the brilliant white gunnels hurts my eyes. The hull is blacker than black in dramatic contrast to the gunnels. From a distance it looks as if this ship might have cannons on board. I’ve never seen anything so large in my entire life. It occupies the entire length of the wharf. I have to crane my neck back as far as possible just to see the very tippy tops of the three towering masts. 
Hundreds of people are milling about; they cover the entire wharf like ants on an apple. There are so many people it’s difficult for me to pass through the crowd. It seems as if all of Ireland has come to see this ship.
“Come on, boy! Get a move on!” Uncle Robert commands as he knees me forward with every step I take.
“Stop your sniveling! I don’t have time to waste,” Uncle growls as he shoves me again in the middle of my back. 
I take another glance at the tops of the masts as Uncle gives me a mighty shove that sends me sprawling upon the gangplank leading to the ship’s main deck. “Get up off that ramp, or I’ll walk right over ya,” he sadistically hisses, and then he gives me a hard kick in the thigh. 
“I don’t want to leave!” I cry out, but I also think anything would be better than staying with my uncle. I give him my best glare of utter contempt as I scramble to my feet. I don’t want to go. All I want is to be near Mama and Da.
On the main deck workers are making ready to replace the cover on one of the huge cargo holds. 
Uncle Robert strides over to a sailor who looks as if he might be in charge and demands, “Where do I put this lad’s gear?”
The sailor points to another man with a dirty apron tied around his middle and answers, “Go see him.” The sailor then turns and continues preparing the ship to leave port.
I’m intrigued with this man with the dirty apron. He looks strange, and there’s something very wrong with his face. Uncle Robert stomps up to him as if Uncle owns the ship. But before Uncle Robert can say a word, this sailor asks, “May I help you?” His words are not easily understood because the sailor has no teeth. 
“Where do I put this boy’s belongings? He’s a full-paying passenger,” Uncle Robert demands in an authoritarian voice.
“He’s kind of young ta be traveling all by himself, ain’t he?” the man asks before giving Uncle Robert a steely look.
“He’s a full-paying passenger, and here’s his ticket to prove it. I bought it me-self, and that’s all you need to know. Now where does he put his belongings?” Uncle Robert demands. 
“Down that companionway, the first entry to starboard,” the sailor answers with a gross, toothless scowl. 
“Which way is starboard?” Uncle Robert snarls back, looking at the sailor in total disgust. 
“To the right, at the bottom of the stairs, landlubber,” the sailor answers with a twinkle in his eye.
Oh, my Lord! I don’t know what that man just said, but I think he just talked back to Uncle Robert. Nobody ever talks back to Uncle—not like that! I’m giddy. I hate Uncle Robert’s guts.
He shoves me from behind and forces me into the dark, narrow, rancid stairway. Uncle is right behind me, making sure I can’t get away or get lost. “Now you listen to me, boy; you behave, and don’t you come back, do you understand?” Uncle Robert hisses with pure hatred as he shoves me through the doorway into the tiny, dark cabin.
I stare at my uncle with panic. Tears roll down my cheeks. I don’t want to die. This place is a dungeon. Nobody knows I’m here. I’m going to die in this rotten hole of a cabin. 
“What ya bawling about? I’m glad you and all that ya stand for is about to go away, and I never want to see ya ever again!” he hisses again as he drops my trunk on the bunk. He turns and slams the cabin door behind him. 
I hear him climb the stairway as if a ghost were after him. I cannot stand that man, and I hope I never see him again, either. 
After a few moments, I climb back up the companionway. By the time I reach the deck on the dockside of the ship, Uncle Robert has the horses and wagon heading toward home in a great cloud of dust.
“I hate you!” I shout out loud, “and I hope one day you will have to answer for all you have done!”

I’m sitting on my bunk in my tiny dungeon and wonder, “What do I do now? I really know only one thing, and that is this ship is going to Boston. But I don’t know anybody who lives outside of Ireland. All I know is Wexford where my family comes from. Maybe if I go up on deck to get some fresh air I will be able to think more clearly. This cabin stinks like a moldy sock.”
I climb back up to the main deck and search for a place to hide. I don’t want anyone to see me cry. There’s a ladder that leads to the back deck, and there’s a small crawl space behind those steps. If I squeeze behind that stairway, I’ll be out of the way, and people won’t be able to see me very well. So I crawl in and lean against the back wall. I’m pleased with myself because this is an excellent hiding place. Matter of fact, it’s so good that nobody comes to my aid as I sit on deck and sob.
I just don’t understand why Uncle Robert hates me so much. What have I done to him? Oh, how I wish Mama and Da were here right now. I miss them so, so much. I look to the heavens, wishing I could feel comfort from Mama and Da. They had no choice when they left, but Uncle Robert intentionally abandoned me!
I slowly come out of my hiding place and limp up the stairway leading to the top deck as if I’m an old man after my joints stiffened from squatting so long. I wander behind the little cabin at the stern. I squat down and dream about happier times back on the farm helping Mama and Da do chores.
Suddenly, I hear men shouting, so I quickly rise, but again my knees don’t want to work properly. I retrace my steps so I can see the entire main deck. Men scurry about. I rub my eyes as if I’m wiping cobwebs away. I watch men climb the rigging to remove the ropes that hold the sails onto the spars.
The number of people on the dock has grown even larger; the crowd now fills most of the town square. It looks as if most of Wexford has come to see this ship set sail. Wexford rarely receives ships as large as this one. 
“Make ready to cast off!” shouts a stocky sailor. Maybe he’s the captain. He looks as strong as an ox with his biceps bulging. This man seems to know what he’s doing. I figure it’s best to stay out of his way, so I stand to one side of the little cabin house, trying to be invisible. Beside me is a raised steering platform with a huge double wheel centered on it. 
“Here ya are. I’ve been looking all over for ya. Where ya been hidin’?” the man with no teeth and dirty apron asks with a big grin.
He is the ugliest man I’ve ever seen. I smile and say, “I was behind that little cabin, just thinking.” 
A new, tall, older man wearing a long, dark blue coat arrives on deck. He yells in a booming voice, “Cookie!” 
“Ya stay right here; that’s the captain. He wants me; now don’t ya move, ya hear? I’ll be right back,” the toothless man slobbers. He then marches directly to the captain, who’s now standing beside the strong man while he continues to yell orders to the crew.
I can hear the captain ask Cookie, “I understand we have a passenger on board?” 
“Yes sir,” Cookie answers, as he nods in my direction.
The captain turns and looks at me, but I’m mostly hidden behind the cabin wall. “He looks a bit young. Where are his parents?” 
Before Cookie can answer, the captain orders, “Keep him out of the way. We’ve got to get this ship underway in order to make this tide.” 
“Make ready to retrieve docking lines!” the short, stocky man yells loudly through his megaphone. A kind-looking man climbs onto the raised platform beside me and takes hold of the lead wheel. He glances at me and gives me a kind smile and a wink.
The crew waits patiently to slack line, haul on halyards, and do all the other things they have to do to get this ship moving. The captain marches dockside to survey the situation as the first mate, the strong man, quickly descends the quarterdeck ladder onto the main deck. The captain strolls slowly back to the midpoint of the quarterdeck and says calmly, “Mister Dalton, are we ready to set sail?”
“All hands are at their stations, and the crew is ready to get underway, sir!” 
“Cast off bow lines! Slacken stern lines!” the captain orders in a booming voice.
The first mate yells through his megaphone, “Set fore topgallant!” The small, topmost sail unrolls quickly on the mast nearest the bow, but nothing happens. The ship appears to be stuck in the water as the sail hangs limp as a rag.
I notice the deck crew has finished coiling the dock lines in the bow as other crewmen adjust the running lines laid out on the deck. Without warning, a sharp bang is heard high above. I jerk my head skyward. High above the topgallant sail is no longer hanging limp; it’s bulging and putting a tremendous strain on the ropes that hold it in place. It’s as if the wind wants to tear that sail right off the mast.
The first mate yells orders, instructing the deck crew to adjust this sail so it will pull with maximum efficiency.
“Cast off bow line!” the captain yells. “Keep port stern line taut!” Ever so slowly, the ship’s bow starts to swing away from the wharf.
“Mister Dalton,” the captain instructs, “set all sails and cast off stern lines. Helm, head off wind, ten points; make for the outer marker.”
“Aye, captain; ten points off wind and making for the outer marker, sir.” 
Within a hundred yards from the end of the wharf all sails are pulling hard. My hair starts to flutter in the breeze as the ship picks up speed. I look back at the dock as it grows smaller, and tears fill my eyes once again. A deep hurt creeps throughout my stomach and chest. I know I’m going to Boston, but what will happen to me there I do not know.

“Patrick,” Cookie calls as the ship emerges from the mouth of Wexford’s harbor. “I’ve been looking all over for ya, boy; ya can’t keep hiding on me or I’ll get in trouble. The captain and Mister Dalton, they want to meet ya, boy.”
“I don’t want to meet them,” I solemnly answer.
“Now, what’s the matter with ya boy? Ya can’t meet the captain lookin’ like this!” 
I give Cookie the foulest look I can muster and then turn away. 
Cookie takes a piece of string out of his pocket and ties it around a small hand towel that’s tucked into his belt. Cookie then tosses the towel overboard, and as soon as it hits the water, he jerks the string so the towel flies back to him. He reached out and snaked the wet cloth out of the air.
“Now, boy, let me see ya face,” and Cookie wipes my eyes and cheeks clean of tears and removes all the streaks and smudges.
“Ya look a whole lot better, now, boy. Let’s go see da captain.” Cookie takes hold of my hand, just to make sure I don’t get lost along the way.
The captain and Mister Dalton are in deep conversation as Cookie and I approach.
“Ah, here’s our paying pa---.” The word “passenger” never gets out of the captain’s mouth. 
“Why, you’re just a young boy!” Mister Dalton exclaims in shock.
“How old are you son?” the captain asks in a soft, kind voice.
They see the fear in my eyes. My entire body shakes uncontrollably. I’m expecting the worst to come my way. “I’m ten years old, sir,” I whisper.
“You’re ten years old, and you’re traveling all by yourself?” Mister Dalton asks in disbelief.
“Yes, sir,” I answer as tears fill my eyes again.
“Where are your parents?” the captain asks, sternly looking down at me.
Tears now roll down my cheeks. “They are both dead, sir.”
The captain squats so he’s about eye level with me. “Young man, I don’t know what’s going on, but I don’t like what I’m seeing or hearing. I want you to know one thing, and that is no harm will come to you as long as you’re on this ship. Do you understand? I am the law on this ship!”
I nod as tears stream down my face.
“Mister Dalton is my first mate and will become a captain; he will make sure that no harm will be done to you.”
“Yes, sir,” I meekly answer.
The captain stares at me. “Patrick, you will eat all your meals with me and Mister Dalton in my quarters. Mister Battle, or Cookie as we call him, will make sure you know where to go and at what time.”
“Yes, sir, I’d like that very much,” I answer quietly. 
“Patrick, I have some quick rules I want you to follow,” Mister Dalton says. “First, do not go into the crew’s quarters; they are up there in the bow of the ship. Second, I don’t want you to climb any of the rigging—none at all.”
“Oh, I’d never do that. I would be too scared,” I answer, looking up at the tall, rickety ladder on the masts. 
“And please do not talk with the crew. They all have their own jobs to do, and if you talk with them they will not be doing those jobs, and I will have to reprimand them; do you understand?” 
“Yes, sir; I won’t talk with any of the crew.” 
“If you need to ask questions you may ask me, Mister Dalton, or Cookie. Do you understand?” the captain adds.
“Yes, sir. I understand that everyone has a job to do, and I’m not to interrupt them.” 
The captain gives a look of surprise to the first mate, and Mister Dalton gives the same look back to the captain.
The captain and Mister Dalton seem nice. At least they don’t yell at me or try to throw me overboard. I drift back to the ship’s far stern to analyze what has just taken place. Cookie is one ugly person, and he proves you have to clean your teeth regularly, or you will end up looking like him. I finally curl into a small ball on deck and fall fast asleep. I awake to the sound of Cookie’s voice. 
“Here ya are; I’ve been looking all over for ya again. It’s time for ya to go to the captain’s cabin and eat your meal. Now let me see your face. It looks as if you’ve been crying some more, lad.” Cookie performs the same trick he did earlier and cleans up my face.
“You know, Cookie, I do feel better after cleaning up. You remind me of my mother.” And I smile. 
“Well, she was probably better looking than me,” Cookie grins.
“Yes, that she was—a whole lot better looking,” I laugh.
“Oh now, ya hush up; now we be off to see the captain’s cabin,” and Cookie pushes me in front of him.
I follow Cookie’s commands, and we enter the captain’s cabin. It’s huge compared to my tiny cabin deep in the bowels of the ship. The richly paneled dark oak cabin takes up the entire area under the aft deck. A row of small, leaded windows lines the far wall that forms the stern. Built-in bookcases are just under the windows. There are four dark oak, built-in bunks, two on each side of the cabin, each with four drawers built-in under each bunk. Built-in hanging lockers are at the end of each bunk and separate one bunk from the other. There are three smaller drawers at the bottom of each hanging locker. In the center of the cabin sits a huge, dark oak table with navigational charts scattered at one end. The evening meal has been served at the other end of the table.
In the center of the room a large brass oil lamp hangs from a sturdy chain that allows the lamp to swing with the motion of the ship, casting shadows that dance across the cabin. Between the dark overhead beams, the ceiling is painted a bright white.
The captain sits at the far end of the table. Upon seeing me he says, “Good evening, lad. I hope you’re hungry.”
“Yes, sir; I am hungry.”
Mister Dalton, smiling broadly, rises from his chair and say, “Welcome, Patrick.”
I take the only other vacant chair at the table and say thanks. I try to remember what Mama taught about proper table manners and to be as polite as possible.
“Cookie, if you would do the honors, please,” the captain says with a smile. “Now Patrick, this is an excellent time to get to know each other a little better, don’t you agree?”
“I guess it will be all right,” I answer timidly. I get the feeling the captain isn’t really asking. Cookie finishes serving the meal and then disappears, so it’s just the captain, Mister Dalton, and me sitting around one end of the huge table.
“I trust, Patrick, it will be all right with you if we eat and talk during the meal,” the captain says.
“I guess that’s all right, but my parents taught me it’s terribly rude to talk with food in your mouth.”
A smile crosses Mister Dalton’s face as he chuckles, “From the mouths of babes.”
“Absolutely, and I can’t argue with that,” the captain says with a huge grin. “Patrick, may I ask you some personal questions?”
I look down at my meal and then up at the captain. I then look over at Mister Dalton and give a long sigh. “Yes, sir, I guess that will be all right,” as I become glassy-eyed.
“Will you please tell me about your parents; what type of people were they?” 
“Mama taught me all sorts of things. She was the kindest person I have ever known. Da would say, ‘Your mother is the kindest person on the whole earth,’ and I think he was correct.”
“What can you tell us about your father?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Da was also a very kind person. He liked helping people. When Grand-Da passed away, my father inherited the main farm with all the buildings and all the animals as well as an ale- brewing business. Grand-Da left my Uncle Robert a smaller farm with a smaller house. Grand-Da told Uncle Robert, ‘When you get married you can put an addition on the house.’”
“Did your uncle and father get along well?” the captain asks.
“I don’t really know, but I did hear them argue on several occasions. Uncle didn’t think it was fair for Da to get the big house, the large farm, and the ale business.”
“Do you know why your grandfather gave what he did?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Not really. I know Da was oldest and was very hard working; I do know my Uncle Robert was upset because he got very drunk one time and came to the farm and yelled at Da, saying he cheated him out of his inheritance.” 
“Did your father cheat your uncle?” the captain asks.
“No. Da never cheated anyone. I heard people say that Da was one of the most honest men they had ever known. I also heard people say that Uncle Robert was nothing more than a drunk!”
“Who made those remarks?” the captain asks.
“Our next door neighbor for one, and three or four others who came to Mama’s and Da’s funeral. Captain, may I ask you a question? Why are you writing down everything I say?” 
“I’m sorry; I should have asked for your permission, but as captain of the Edith B, I may be required to provide certain information about you at a later date. I’m making notes to keep my memory fresh; is that all right with you?” the captain asks with a smile.
“I don’t mind.” 
“Can you tell me how your parents died?” the captain asks gently.
“They got sick; first Da and then Mama. I tended to them until Uncle Robert and Aunt Mary moved in.”
“Did they take care of your parents and you?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Yes and no. They took care of Mama and Da, but I was not allowed to see them. Uncle made me stay away from home. He wanted me to work for him from sunrise to sunset every day.” 
“Did you?” the captain asks.
“I tried, but I could never do anything right, and he was drunk most of the time. Uncle is a very mean man, and he likes to hit people, especially me. He has no friends, and Aunt Mary is scared of him. Uncle Robert is not at all like my parents. He’s the exact opposite.” 
Cookie enters the cabin to collect the dirty dishes and asks, “Did ya like the grub I made for ya?” 
“It was very good, Cookie, thank you,” the captain answers.
“I got hot water if ya would like some tea. Patrick, do ya drink tea?” Cookie asks.
“I drank tea when my mother served it at home.”
Cookie gives a big toothless smile that makes me shudder.
“I’d love a cup with a shot of rum,” Mister Dalton says.
“Young man, you will have plain tea, no rum” the captain jokes.
“I don’t like any alcoholic drink.” 
“Cookie, I’d love the same as Mister Dalton,” the captain says.
“I have the watch in about fifteen minutes,” Mister Dalton says as he checks his time- piece.
“Patrick, what do you know about this family who’s to meet you upon our arrival?” Mr. Dalton asks kindly.
“Mister Dalton, I can’t answer that question. All I know is that a family named Green will meet me in Boston. I can tell you about Chief Magistrate Fitzwilliam and Mister Kelly, if you would like.” 
“All right; who is Chief Magistrate Fitzwilliam? Describe him,” the captain says.
“Chief Magistrate Fitzwilliam was a friend of my father, and he wrote Da’s Last Will and Testament. He explained that I had inherited my parents’ farm, my father’s money, as well as his ale business.”
“Who’s this Mister Kelly?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Mister Kelly came to the house two nights ago.”
“What did he want?” the captain asks with a concerned look.
“Mister Kelly had a document he wanted me to sign.”
“Did you understand what the document was all about?” 
“I didn’t understand it because of the legal words, but I thought the paper had something to do with property and land. I had never seen that man before he came to our house. I’m certain my mother and father didn’t know the man.” 
The captain scratches his chin, looking at me with a beady eye. 
“When Mister Kelly asked me to sign my name, I added a middle initial that I don’t have, so really, I didn’t sign my name. I thought it might be a good idea.” 
“Well, well, that was a clever move,” the captain says with a grin.

I stare at my breakfast of beans, cornbread, and tea. I think I better eat. There’s nothing for me to do but stay out of the way. My mind wanders, and I wonder what Boston looks like. Is it a big city or a small town? Will I understand the people when they talk, or will they speak a strange language? Will Boston look like Ireland? Maybe the people live in the woods in log cabins and have to deal with wild Indians every day. I’ve heard stories about the savages in the New World, how they scalp people. Da told me it’s because the Indians are losing all their land. The white people just move in and take it. If the Indians try to stop them, the white people just kill the Indians as if the white people have a right to take land that does not belong to them. That’s not fair. That’s what Da said once at the dinner table. I wonder who will meet me in Boston. Uncle Robert said if I want to, I can return to Ireland, but I have to be over the sadness of losing my family. I don’t believe him.
That evening, as I enter the captain’s cabin for the evening meal, the captain and Mister Dalton are discussing the old days and sailing the Trade Routes. I hear names such as the Azores, Jamaica, the Bahamas, Savannah, London, New York, Baltimore, and Saint Petersburg. The talk means nothing to me, so I search the cabin for something that might be of interest. As I look at the end of the table, a large chart is laid out for anyone to see. It has small lead weights holding it in place. When the captain and Mister Dalton stop talking for a moment, I say, “Captain, may I ask you a question?”
“You may ask me any question you like, Patrick.” 
“Are we going to London?” 
“No; why do you ask?”
“Well, you have that chart on the table and it says, ‘The Approaches to the Thames River,’ and London is on the Thames.”
“You can read that chart?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Yes, I know how to read.”
Mister Dalton gets up from the table and goes to one of the bookshelves.
“Where did you learn to read?” the captain asks.
“Mama taught me not only how to read but how to write and work mathematical problems,” I state proudly.
“Did your father know how to read and write?” the captain asks.
“Yes, sir; he and Mama would sit after dinner and read to each other. That is what Irish families do in the evening.”
Mister Dalton returns to the table and says, “So, you know how to read. Then read this.” He hands me a small book. I take it as Mister Dalton points to the table of contents and orders, “Read!”
I carefully look at the words and then slowly negotiate my way around such terms as circumnavigation, latitude, longitude, expedition, dead tonnage, and gross tonnage. The captain and Mister Dalton stare at me in astonishment. 
“That is incredible. There are now three people on this ship who can read!” Mister Dalton exclaims. For the first time in a long time, I beam with pride. My smile is so wide it could split my face in two. I then say, “There must be more than three people who can read.”
“No, Patrick, there are only three people aboard who can read: you, me, and Mister Dalton; that’s all,” the captain replies.
“Your mother gave you the greatest of gifts. You have no idea how great this gift really is. Ninety-five percent of the people in all of Europe and in all of the New World do not know how to read or write. You are one of very few who can do that,” Mister Dalton adds.
I swell with pride, and I know that Mama and Da are smiling down upon me. They’d be so proud. Then tears creep into my eyes.
The captain gets up from the table and crosses over to his bunk. He removes a book from a shelf.
“Patrick, I would like you to take this book and read it.”
I take the book and carefully hold it. I open the front cover and read the title page: The Anatomy of a Sea Going Ship.
“You can try to find the various parts of this ship above the deck level. Below decks will be difficult because they’re all closed while we’re underway,” the captain says.
“I will read this book. Thank you very much for loaning it to me.”
“If you have any questions, you can always come to me, Mister Dalton, or Cookie,” the captain says.
I think this book looks interesting; maybe I will learn about this ship.



CHAPTER TWO

Exploring

The weather has been perfect so far. The sky has been clear, and the temperature has been a warm seventy-five degrees. The Edith B plows her way through the water toward Boston, maintaining a steady twelve and a half knots. With the book in my hand, I try to figure where the various parts of the ship are. As I stand to one side at the far stern of the ship, I see a man sitting near the far end of the bowsprit. I then realize just how long this ship really is; that man looks noticeably smaller than he is. The captain did say the Edith B was over 200 feet long with a thirty-foot bowsprit.
I hear a hushed sound behind me say, “Hey, you.”
I spin around, but nobody is there. 
I then hear, “Hey, I’m talking to you,” the voice says again.
I go around the backside of the cabin and see a stocky boy with black, wavy hair that needs a good brushing. 
“Hey, I asked you a question. What ya doing back here?” the boy asks with a look that he just might beat the holy heck out of me.
“I’m exploring the ship,” I answer, keeping my distance from this boy.
“You ain’t going to find nothin’ in that book. You have to come to me if ya want to find somethin’. I know this ship better than the captain or the first mate do. What’s ya name, boy?” 
“Patrick Tracy; what’s your name?”
“Tommy Hanks and I can show you the entire ship, and nobody will know about it— that’s if ya want to.” 
Tommy Hanks looks as if he’s been brought up in a rough neighborhood. I can’t place his accent. It’s not Irish; it sounds more English, maybe from London.
“You can’t show me the insides of the ship; it’s all shut up.”
“Boy, when I say I can show ya the entire ship, I mean everything: the bottom holds, the captain’s cabin—even your cabin.”
“You can’t see my cabin; I would know if you were there.”
“I watched you last night looking at that book. Then you started to cry. You turned the lamp out and went to sleep.”
“You watched me last night?” I ask in shock.
“I spy on everybody on this ship. Do you want to see how I do it?” 
I study this boy, looking directly into his eyes because I think he’s lying. Do I want to befriend this boy? I’m not so sure, so I answer, “I guess so, but I don’t want to get into any trouble.” 
“I ain’t going to get in no trouble. If I show up, are ya goin’ to come or not? It’s no fun by myself, and I thought ya might like to get some excitement in ya life,” Tommy says.
“What do you do on board?”
I’m an apprentice. I’m learnin’ how to become a sail maker,” Tommy replies.
“Oh, that was you sewing some cloth together the other day.”
“Ya, that was me. I was learning how to make a double stitch. It’s a lot stronger than two single stitches.” 
I think things through as Tommy says, “Look, if ya don’t want to come, then don’t.”
“When will we go? Won’t you be missed?”
“Naw, I won’t be missed, and anyways I explore on my off-watch hours. Let me ask ya some questions. I see you’re skinny like me, skinny enough to get through tight places, and I think you’re strong enough to keep up. But I need to know if ya mind getting into really small places.” 
“My uncle shut me up in a barrel and put the cover on. He left me there for half the day because he was mad at me. It didn’t really bother me that much. I just went to sleep.”
“Do ya have some old clothes that you can get dirty and people won’t mind?” Tommy asks.
“Nobody cares about me so, yes, I have the clothes I wore on the farm.”
“Good. After ya finish your meal with the captain, I’ll meet ya in ya cabin.”
“How are you going to get to my cabin without anyone seeing you?”
“That’s for me to know and you to find out tonight. I’ll see ya in your cabin.” Tommy then turns and walks forward toward the forecastle.
I return to my task with book in hand. I see Cookie and ask, “Where are the scuppers?”
“The scuppers, why they’re right here, and over there, and there; they’re the long holes in the gunnels at deck level, and when a big wave comes over the side, the scuppers allow all the water to run back into the sea quickly.” 
“Cookie, if I wanted to see the bottom of the cargo holds, can I do that if the ship is not in port?” 
“No, ya can’t get down there because ya have to go through the main cargo hatch to get down below. Why do you ask?”
“I was just wondering, that’s all.”
“Now, ya be off. I’ve got to start getting the evening meal ready for everybody,” Cookie says as he retreats to the cookhouse.
I go back to my cabin and closely examine it for any other possible entries, but there are none. I take out an old pair of pants and shirt that really should not have been packed, but they will be perfect for exploring the ship. The evening meal passes quickly while the captain and Mister Dalton quiz me as to what I have seen and learned.
“Captain, I have a question. Can you get into the cargo hold while the ship is underway?” 
“No. You have to go through the cargo hatch. Why do you ask?” 
“I was just wondering.” 
After the evening meal I quickly return to my cabin to read the book so I’ll be ready for anything. I put on my worn-out work clothes, and I sit on my bed quietly with the door open so I’ll see Tommy when he comes down the stairs. After about a half hour, Tommy appears in my doorway.
“Are ya ready to explore the ship?” 
“You didn’t come down the stairway. How did you get here?” I ask in wonderment.
“I told ya; I know this ship. Before we go anywhere, I want to make sure you’re all right in tight little places, and ya won’t freeze up on me.” 
“I don’t mind. What do you want to do?”
“Stand up,” Tommy orders as he enters my cabin. “I want ya to come over here.” Tommy looks at my hanging closet door, then he says, “Get inside; I’m going to close the door; I’ll be right here to let ya out, all right?” I look at Tommy and then step inside the closet as the door is locked behind me.
“How’s it in there?” Tommy asks
“A little tight, but I don’t mind.” 
“How long do ya want to stay in there?” 
“How long do you want me to stay?” 
There is a brief pause. “I guess ya don’t mind being in small places, so ya can come out now. If ya did mind, you’d be going crazy by now.”
Tommy picks up a handheld lantern and lights it by using the flame from my lamp. “Follow me,” he whispers.
“Why are you whispering?” I whisper back.
“Because we’re not supposed to be doing this, and we can get in trouble with the captain or the first mate if they catch us. Do you understand?” Tommy whispers.
Tommy crosses to the door opposite mine and enters the other small cabin. He pulls the curtain back on the small hanging closet and reaches in. He removes a small panel, a little larger than a foot square, and squeezes through the opening.
I look in astonishment as Tommy sticks his hand through the opening and beckons me to follow. I stick my head through the opening and see Tommy is off to one side holding his lantern. The soft light shines in a circle about ten feet wide and reveals some boxes piled high. It’s creepy in there, but it looks exciting, so I follow.
“What’s all this stuff?” I ask quietly.
“This is the small cargo that can’t be crushed by the heavy stuff up forward.” 
“How can you see me in my cabin?” 
“I’ll show you; come this way,” Tommy says as he moves behind some boxes. “This is the ship’s hull; the ocean is on the other side of this wood. This here is an inner wall to protect the hull. If a large piece of cargo breaks loose, it will bang into this inner wall. This is also the wall to your cabin. There’s a ten-inch space between these two walls, and what we have to do is take off our shirts so we can climb up and get between the walls and go where we want.”
“Will I get stuck in there?” 
“Ya won’t, and just to make sure, that’s why we take off our shirts.” 
So I remove my shirt, and Tommy helps me up so I can stick my legs into the void between the two walls about three quarters of the way up from the deck.
“Hold on to each rib with your feet, knees, and hands, then ease yourself down into the space. There’s a crack ya can see through into your cabin.” 
I do as instructed, and as I descend, the rough boards scrape my arms, back, and knees. As I work my way toward my cabin, I can see a glow of light. Sure enough, as I reach the crack I can see into my cabin. I can see from the doorway into the hallway, and I can see almost all of my bed. He can see what I do in my cabin? That’s not good!
“How do I get out?” I whisper loudly.
Tommy instructs me through the opening: “Put your hand on each of the ship’s ribs, and then pull with your arms and push yourself up using your legs and knees. Make sure you hold yourself in place as you move your legs up so ya can climb out.”
I crawl up and then out of the narrow space with scrapes and bruises all over my body. Tommy catches me before I crash onto the deck.
“What’s up there?” I ask, pointing toward the bow.
“Big cargo. It’s tied down with ropes. Nothing can move in any direction; that’s Mister Dalton’s responsibility. He won’t let me get close to securing the cargo, not at all. He says it’s way too important to let an apprentice do it.” 
“Have you ever seen a rat down here?” 
“Naw, I don’t think they got any rats on board. Mister Dalton insists the rat guards be put around every docking line as the ship is being tied to the dock; that’s part of my job.”
“You seem to know a lot about this ship.” 
“How old are ya?” Tommy asks.
“I’m ten; how old are you?”
“I’m fourteen and have been to sea for a year and a half. This is my second ship.” 
“Boy, you’ve been around. This is my very first time on any boat.” 
“Ya stick around me, and I’ll show ya the ropes.”
“That’s fine, but Mister Dalton has told me not to talk with any of the crew because each and every man has his job to do, and they’ll get in trouble if I talk with them.”
“Well, if I’m doing my job, then don’t talk to me, but otherwise, they won’t know about it,” Tommy smiles.
“I don’t want to get you in any trouble,” I insist.
“I should get back, or I might be missed,” Tommy says with concern in his voice.
I move toward the way we entered. Tommy says, “Ya go that way, and I go the way I came in. Do ya remember?”
“Yes, I remember; I go over there and crawl through the little hatchway in the closet of the other cabin.”
“Make sure ya replace the cover in the hole when ya leave. I’ll see ya later.” Tommy disappears as he quickly moves over and around the cargo.
I hope Tommy doesn’t get into trouble. He’s supposed to be sleeping and will have to get up to pull his next shift. Then I crawl into my tiny berth in my musty cabin.

The next morning I return to the deck with book in hand and notice a bird sitting on one of the hatch covers. Mister Dalton stands on the quarterdeck studying the sails to see if any improvements can be made.
“Mister Dalton,” I ask, “where did that bird come from? It’s a long way from home.”
Mister Dalton smiles and messes my hair. “Good morning, lad. I hope you had a good sleep. You’re correct; that bird is a long way from home. It wintered in the warmer climates and is returning to the northern country to start a new family. In the far north the winters get extremely cold, and lots of snow piles up. Why, the snowfall would be deep enough to cover you about two times over.”
“The snow is twice my height? Wow. That’s a lot of snow! But how can those little birds fly such great distances?” 
“They ride the prevailing winds. The wind can carry them much faster than any bird could fly.”
“How fast will the bird fly in the wind currents?” 
“Well, I don’t know exactly, but say the bird can fly as fast as the Edith B is sailing, about eleven knots. If the wind is blowing a steady twenty to twenty-five knots, then I guess that bird could fly about thirty to thirty five knots. That’s fast,” Mister Dalton laughs. “Now go see if Cookie has something for you to eat.”
“How do you know all this stuff?” 
“You hang around, and you’ll catch on to how things work. It doesn’t matter if you’re on this ship or on land. You have to keep your eyes wide open and absorb as much knowledge as possible.” With that advice, Mister Dalton gives me a pat on the back.
I find Cookie in the cookhouse. “Hi, Cookie, how are you? Mister Dalton says you might have something for me.”
“Well, you look a might better than ya did the other day. How do you feel?”
“I feel the same, but I’m hungry—if you have anything.” And I grinned.
“Well, I don’t know. I got some porridge, and I got a biscuit or two; I have some tea, if ya would like.”
“Well, if that’s what you have, then I guess that’s what I’ll eat.” And I smiled.
“Well, sit ya self down on that barrel, and ya eat ya vittles right here on that big box, ya hear?” 
“That coal stove sure is big!”
“It has to be big: I’ve got to feed thirty men and one boy two meals every day. The meals have to be hearty to help the crew do their jobs. It takes a lot of food to keep a group of men goin’ in all types of conditions.” 
“I don’t see a lot of food. Where do you keep it all?”
“Under ya feet; it’s down below. Every time we go to port I have to go out and get fresh everything. Mr. Clarke and the captain say, ‘A full stomach makes a crew happy, and they’ll work hard,’ so I try to keep the crew happy.”
“I didn’t think one person could do all that work.” 
“There ain’t no room for another full-grown cook to be workin’ in here. It’s only big enough for one man. And that’s me!” 
“I don’t think I could do what you’re doing.”
“Well, I think ya have a lot more goin’ on than I got. Someday, you’ll be a captain of ya own ship.”
“Oh, Cookie, I don’t think that will happen. I have no ties to the water, and none of my family has anything to do with shipping. I’ll be a farmer like all my ancestors.”
“Ya come from a line of farmers? Well now, I’ll be danged. That’s just downright fine. Farmers are mighty fine people. There ain’t no shame in bein’ a farmer.”
“Cookie, if I have questions about this ship, may I ask you?” 
”Young man, the captain already told ya to come to me if ya got any questions, and I expect ya to do just that.”
“All right, and thank you—thank you for the food. I must go and study the ship some more.” Then I jump off the barrel and head onto the deck.
The Edith B is keeled over to one side, and the deck pitches slightly as she rides up and over the waves. Crewmen sit around watching anything and everything to ensure all is going well. Three older sailors sit upon the forward hatch cover smoking their pipes. Two younger men are uncoiling a length of rope and stretching it out on the deck such that it goes back and forth but never crosses itself.
I climb the ladder to the forward deck where Tommy sits with an older sailor who’s teaching him how to sew in a straight line. Tommy looks up at me with fear in his eyes and shakes his head at me. The older sailor looks up and nods. “Mornin’.”
I hope that Tommy didn’t get in trouble when he was supposed to be sleeping so he’d be ready to pull his shift.
“Good morning, sir. It’s a nice day.” 
“That it is,” the older sailor answers, never stopping his work.
I look out over the bowsprit that extends thirty feet in front of the ship’s bow. Three large triangular sails are pulling hard against the wind. Violent, white turmoil churns at the sea’s surface as the bow of the ship is driven through the rolling waves. Wow, what power! This ship is charging through the water like a bull through a red wall. “You better watch out fish; don’t get run over!” And I laugh at my little joke.
I return to the stern of the ship and sit gazing at the wake as it streaks behind the Edith B. I sit with my back against the cabin wall, thinking where I have come from and what my future might hold.

The captain is intrigued watching me explore the Edith B with book wide open to detailed diagrams. I pace off the deck and study the rigging.
“Captain, this book is wonderful. I just love it. There’s so much information to learn about rigging, the sails, hull design, and how to balance the ship. I really like the ‘Heavy Weather’ section. I hope we get some really heavy weather.” 
The captain looks at me, grinning. “Well, I don’t want to disappoint you, Patrick, but I hope we don’t see really heavy weather. It’s a bit more interesting than you realize. Are you ready to have Mister Dalton ask you questions at tonight’s meal?”
“Yes, sir,” but I’m not as confident as I sound. I spend the rest of my time studying, exploring, and staying out of the way. 
That night I take my place at the table for the evening meal in fear that I will make a fool of myself. I sit with great anxiety as butterflies dance in my stomach. The captain speaks in a monotone saying, “So far, lad, Mister Dalton and I have been very kind to you. You have been on board this ship for almost a week, and you have had time to absorb what you have seen and read. We want to find out how much you have learned.”
I suddenly feel a heavy weight develop inside of me, and a feeling of concern creeps through my mind. I fear I won’t be able to answer any questions, and then they’ll think I’m stupid. I’m so afraid of the unknown that I’m not listening to what the captain is saying. With all the confusion racing around my mind, I don’t hear the question I’ve been asked.
The captain looks at me with a kind smile, “Well, what’s your answer?”
I stammer, trying to grasp what the captain asked. “You, you want me to tell you what I’ve learned, is that your question?” 
“Yes, what have you learned so far?” the captain replies with a laugh.
“That’s such an easy question!” I exclaim in total relief. Both Mister Dalton and the captain burst out laughing.
“The Edith B is a fully rigged ship that has three masts, the tallest being approximately thirty meters off the deck. The ship is seventy meters in length, and I estimate the bowsprit to be ten meters in length.”
Mister Dalton and the captain nod.
I continue: “There are nine sales attached to three masts, three flying jibs hoisted over the bowsprit, the fore topmast staysail, an inner jib, and an outer jib. Eighteen extensions can be attached to the yardarms, and six staysails can be attached, three between the foremast and the main mast and three staysails between the main mast and the mizzenmast. These last sails are called the jigger staysail, jigger topmast staysail, and the jigger gallant staysail. There is also a gaffed spanker at the very end of the ship.”  
I want to show off that I really have done some investigative work, so I continue: “The ship’s company consists of you, captain, and Mister Dalton, the first mate. There’s Cookie, the ship’s carpenter, one sail maker, twelve seamen on the port watch, and twelve seamen on the larboard watch, making a total of twenty-nine crew members on board. The ship is missing two officers who became sick and had to leave the ship, the second and third mates, which means the ship’s full crew should be thirty-one men.”
“It seems you’ve been busy, Master Tracy!” the captain exclaims proudly.
I look closely at the captain and Mister Dalton. By the look on Mister Dalton’s face, I haven’t made any huge mistakes so far, so I continue: “The lowest sail on each mast is called the name of each mast’s sail. For example, it would be the foresail, the mainsail, but the mizzenmast’s sail is called the mizzen gaff or the driver. The second sail on each mast is called each mast’s topsail, while the third level of the sails is called each mast’s topgallant sail.”
“What do you call the highest sail on the main mast?” the captain asks.
I have to think and visualize the sails as I run through my inventory of names associated with each mast and sail. After a few moments I state, “The main topgallant sail.”
“All right,” Mister Dalton said. “What’s the name of the third sail down from the top on the aft mast?”
Again I have to visualize every sail and figure out which sail is which; then I grin and answer, “The mizzen gaff or driver.”
“That’s very good,” Mister Dalton states. “Did Cookie help you?”
“I went to Cookie because the book you loaned me is different than the Edith B, so I asked Cookie what the sails are called.”
“That’s correct,” the captain interjects. “That’s because this is a more modern vessel; the book describes an older ship. You’ve been with us for only a few days, and you know as much about this ship technically as some of the sailors on board.”

The weather has been perfect so far with the warm sun shining down on the ship. The sky’s a bright blue with white puffy clouds floating above the broad ocean. The water has a dark greenish-blue tint, and occasionally a whitecap appears.
The Edith B continues to charge through the water as the bow parts every wave, which ends up at the stern and creates a foamy path that stretches for miles behind the ship, telling the birds flying overhead where the vessel has been. Sailing on the Edith B has been a pleasant surprise, an adventure I never dreamed of.



CHAPTER THREE

Voyage Over

Part of my routine every evening is to visit the stern railing where I rest my head on my arms and gaze far into the distance through the ship’s wake. I mentally visit Mama and Da and tell them what I’ve been up to. 
“You know, Mama,” I say to myself softly, “there’s no spot in the sky where there are no stars. It’s such a beautiful sight seeing all the stars in the heavens twinkle. It’s also nice to know I can think about home without crying. There’s nothing I can do about my situation. As you and Da told me many times, ‘Just do your very best,’ and that’s what I’m trying to do. I miss you both so very much. I love you. Good night, Mama; Good night, Da.’”
“Here you are,” the captain says as he gently places his hand on my shoulder. “What are you thinking about—your parents?”
“Yes, sir. I like to come back here and just think. I like to look for a sign from them, but I see none.” 
“I know how you feel. I like to gaze at the stars. I know what you’re going through because I went to sea and left my family safe at home in Newbury. When I returned, my entire family was gone. My wife and my little boy both had died of congestion, and now I have nobody. Yes, I know exactly what you’re going through.”
I look at him in shock. “I’m terribly sorry, sir,” I whisper.
“I want to tell you something, lad. Don’t you worry. Nothing is going to happen to you. We’ll take care of you, Mister Dalton and me.” The captain squeezes my shoulder reassuringly.
“It sure is pretty looking at the night sky. I feel as if I can touch the moon. It looks so close, and the stars look three dimensional.”
“Your parents did a very good job in teaching you how to be observant. The reason you can see all these conditions is because there are no lights around to spoil our view. If you look at the sky in Boston or in London, there are many street lamps and bonfires burning, and each bit of light takes way a little bit of the ability to see the night sky clearly. ” 
“Is it hard to be the captain of a large ship like this?” 
“You have to know what to do under all kinds of conditions, and that only comes through experience. You have to be fair and honest, and you have to be a leader. The captain needs to be able to read, write, and work mathematical problems. If a person has all that, then it’s possible to be the captain of any ship, big or small. Why? Would you like to become a captain someday?” 
“I don’t know. My family has always been farmers. I don’t have any connections to the sea.” 
“Well, that can be a problem when family connections are required to open the doors of opportunity, but sometimes that’s not necessary, and major challenges can, in some cases, be overcome if you’re willing to work extra hard.” The captain then moves his gaze from me back to the stars.

At the evening meal Mister Dalton and the captain are eager to put me through my paces.
“Now, young man, we’re going to give you various situations as if you’re the captain, and you’ll tell us what to do,” the captain explains.
I look at Mister Dalton, then over at the captain with a wide grin.
“I take it that you’re up to this challenge?” Mister Dalton asks with a smile.
“I’m up to answering any question you give me, and I think both of you are having fun trying to give me a very difficult time,” I reply with an impish grin.
Mister Dalton, will you please be kind enough to address the first question to our guest so we can see him squirm?” the captain asks.
I can’t help but chuckle at the captain’s remark.
“It will be my pleasure, sir. Now, Master Tracy, you’re the captain. Your ship has a deep keel, so tell me why this ship with such tall masts and with all sails billowing does not capsize.”
“Oh, you would have to ask me that,” I complain, much to the glee of both the captain and Mister Dalton.
There’s a deathly silence around the table as both the captain and Mister Dalton stare intently at me. I take a quick sideways glance at Mister Dalton and then at the Captain, but there is no sign of help from either. 
Mister Dalton, after a few moments, asks with a smile, “You’re not stumped, are you?”
“Because,” I begin, “this ship is too big to tip over in a wind such as what we have right now,” I state with much pride and confidence. 
Mister Dalton looks blankly at me and asks in a flat tone, “Anything else?”
I guess I missed that answer. I glance at the captain, and he seems amused at watching Mister Dalton and me interact. I’m not going to back down. After all, I’m a stubborn Irishman, just like Mister Dalton.
“Do you want to give up?” Mister Dalton asks, grinning.
“If the wind blows hard enough, this ship will tip over!”
“That’s not too far off the mark,” the captain says as he bangs his large hand upon the tabletop. “Now, Mister Dalton, why don’t you explain to this poor lad about force vs. balance?”
Mister Dalton looks at me with a twinkle in his eye. “Well, you slipped out of that just mighty slick, young man. Now there are really two hulls in any ship. There is the outer hull that keeps the water out, and there is an inner hull where the cargo rests. In between these two hulls, in the very bottom of the ship, large cut blocks of granite are carefully placed so they cannot move in any direction, especially during very heavy weather.” 
“When cargo is brought on board,” the captain explains, “the heaviest pieces are always loaded first and are tightly secured as deep in the hull as possible so the heavy cargo cannot move. If need be, cargo may have to be rearranged to ensure the ship’s center of gravity is as low as possible. Lighter items are always stowed in the middle deck because we want as much weight as deep as possible in the ship so that when the heavy wind blows, the weight below is greater than the force being placed on the sails.”
“And when the wind gets too strong we shorten sail,” Mister Dalton adds, “which removes force up high that might capsize the ship.”
I close my eyes and visualize the situation, then nod. It all makes sense.
 “If need be,” the captain continues, “when a great storm descends upon a ship, heaven forbid, and the ship is unable to make a safe harbor, all the sails are removed, and the ship runs under bare poles. The trick under these conditions is to be far out to sea. If a ship is caught upwind near the shoreline in a gale force blow, there’s an excellent chance that ship will perish when it’s blown onto shore.”
“This is far better than listening to stories my parents told me around the kitchen table back home,” I excitedly say. My mind floods with vivid visions of what has been said. “Do you think we might run into bad weather where we’ll have to remove the sails?” 
The captain answers dryly, but with a smile: “I most certainly hope not, but you can never tell when foul weather will strike. You’re just a child who wants to see trouble. I’m an old sea captain who has already seen more than his share.” 

My routine remains the same as the Edith B keeps a steady course for Boston. I have not seen Tommy Hanks since I saw him on the foredeck stitching sail cloth together in straight lines.
That night, at the evening meal, it was just the captain and me. I say to the captain, “I want to say I’ve been very happy being here on the Edith B. You and Mister Dalton have been very kind to me, and I’ve learned a great deal about the sea, ships, and how they operate.”
“Patrick, it has been a pleasure having you on board,” the captain answers as he looks at me in a peculiar way.
I look with questioning eyes as a red flag starts to flap in the back of my mind. The captain continues: “If the wind holds true, we should arrive in Boston within two days’ time.”
I freeze. This is not good news. What am I going to do? A sick feeling fills the pit of my stomach just like it did when the ship left Wexford Harbor so long ago. A look of horror slowly creeps across my face as I sit in stony silence, and reality creeps in. I say not a single word, push my chair back with a loud scraping noise, and then run out of the cabin as fast as I can and head directly for the weather railing as tears fill my eyes. The captain follows, and the two of us stand side by side in deafening silence, looking at the evening sky to the west. The wind slaps my face and flaps my hair as I rest my head on my folded arms on top of the gunnel.
The captain rests his hand on my shoulder and quietly says, “Patrick, we don’t know exactly what will happen, but everything works out for the best.”
I like it when the captain puts his hand on my shoulder; it makes me feel wanted. “That’s what my father used to say: ‘Everything will work out for the best.’” 
That night was the first night in eight weeks that I didn’t fall asleep reading the captain’s book. Instead, I fell asleep crying, wishing I could have my parents back. 

Two days later I realize that I just saw my first seagulls in a very long time. I also notice some seaweed floating to the side of the ship, both signs, as the captain said, that you’re approaching land. The Edith B heels to her starboard as white foam is continually churned along the ship’s side and then jettisoned to the stern and out to form the wake. 
“Young Seaman Hodell, you have the best eyesight on the ship!” Mister Dalton yells across the main deck. “I want you to climb the main mast, all the way to the top, and let me know the moment you sight land!” 
“Aye, aye, sir,” Seaman Hodell answers as he bounds up the rigging to the very top of the main mast as if he were a monkey. I strain my eyes, but I don’t see anything at the horizon.
No sooner had Seaman Hodell reached the top of the mast than he calls out, “Land ho!” And he points slightly off to starboard. 
I look exactly where Seaman Hodell pointed, but still see only the sky meeting the water’s edge.
“Mister Dalton, I don’t see any land; why did he yell out ‘land ho?’” 
“He saw land from up there. Boston is just off the starboard bow; you can’t see the land from on deck yet because it’s still below the horizon. You’ll see it in about two more minutes, and it will be over the bow because the helmsman just made a slight course correction.” 
Finally, land pops up in front of Edith B’s bow. I can see low-lying islands in the far distance, three mountaintops pop up, and the center island is the tallest. 
Mister Dalton calls the entire crew on deck and orders, “Men, you know the drill; we have to scrub this ship clean so it’s spotless by the time we reach the mouth of the harbor; holystone all the decks. Cookie, throw all kitchen waste overboard and scrub the galley clean; the forecastle needs to be scrubbed so well it shines.”
The Boston skyline grows larger as the ship plows forward, and I study what I see with an acutely critical eye. Boston doesn’t look like Ireland! Back home everything has a lush green look, but this shoreline is a dull greenish-brown. I don’t know if this is going to be such a good thing. I wonder who this Green family is. I wonder what they look like. Do they have any children? There are so many unanswered questions.

“Patrick, this might be an excellent time for you to start packing your things,” the captain suggests.
“Yes, sir,” I reply as I head for the doorway that leads to my hole of a cabin. I take my clothes from the small drawers and fold them neatly on my bunk. I then drag my small trunk out and place my belongings into it so all is ready to leave the ship.
“Hey, what ya doin’?” I hear behind me as I spin around in fright.
Tommy Hanks is smiling as he stands in the doorway.
“Hi, Tommy. Are you ready to leave?”
“Ya, I was ready last night. I ain’t got much, and I’m going to be the first off this ship when we hit port.”
“Are you going to ship out again on the next voyage?”
“Na, I ain’t going out on this ship anymore.”
“Why? I thought you liked this ship?”
“I like the ship, but Mister Smothers—he’s the guy I have to understudy—doesn’t know what he’s doing. I can’t stand him for another voyage; I just can’t take it no more.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, Tommy. I wish you the very best of luck.”
“Thanks, Patrick; you’re a good kid. I hope all goes well for ya, too. I heard ya got a rotten deal back in Ireland. Maybe we’ll see each other again someday.” Tommy then turns and disappears.
I return to the deck as Boston Harbor looms directly in front of the Edith B’s bow.
Cookie leans over the leeward rail as he dumps all kitchen waste overboard. The crew’s holystoning of the decks has been completed, and the decks look like new. Other crewmen lay out docking lines off to one side so all will be ready to tie the ship to the dock.
A small boat sails on a collision course with the Edith B, and I become concerned. Just as the two vessels are about to collide, the smaller boat quickly comes about as a man jumps onto a ladder that hangs from the Edith B’s leeward side. The man bounds up the ladder and crosses the main deck, then climbs to the quarterdeck. It’s obvious the man knows the captain well because they give each other a warm embrace as they meet. 
“How was your voyage, Captain Hathaway?”
“It was a normal voyage; not much happened out of the ordinary. And how is your beautiful wife?” 
“She’s very well, thank you, and we’re expecting our second child shortly,” Mister Williams says.
Mister Dalton stands to one side watching the crew bring the ship into the dock with all the docking lines now brought out.
“Mister Dalton,” I ask, “who is that man?”
“He’s Mister Williams, the pilot; all ships need to take a pilot on board who will bring the ship to the dock. At that point, the captain has to bring the ship to the wharf and tie her up. The pilot knows the harbor better than we do; he knows where all the hazards are, so he’s able to guide the ship into the port safely.”
The ship passes close by an ugly outcropping of rocks at the entrance to Boston Harbor as waves swell and wash over the rocks, giving all ships notice: Be careful; deadly hazards lie ahead. The Edith B slides safely beyond Lovell’s Island and then clears Gallop Island, a small wooded island, all under the expert guidance of the pilot, Mister Williams.
About halfway into the harbor, I exclaim, “What’s that!” 
“This is called Nixes Mate, and do you see that metal cage with bones inside? That is what happens to pirate captains who get caught; they are dealt with by a public execution in Boston, and then their body is brought out here and stuck in that cage where the birds get to peck at them. Their bones are left as a reminder to others: “Don’t become a pirate!” the captain explains.
I shudder at the thought of the birds pecking at my body. That would be disgusting.
“As we come into dock, you stay right here on this side of the ship. You’ll be able to see everything that’s going on, and you’ll be out of the way, all right?”
“Yes, captain, and thank you.”
The three “islands” I saw are, in fact, three high hills with smaller hills in between and on either side. There are many smaller islands on the outskirts of the harbor that give protection to not only the town but to that huge, long wharf that juts into Boston Harbor. That’s why the open ocean swells cannot gain access to the inner harbor. The Fort on Castle Island is close to the channel all ships have to pass when entering Boston Harbor. I feel as if I can see inside every cannon barrel as the Edith B slides by. 
“It looks as if Boston is an island,” I observe. 
“It may look like an island because it’s high tide, but there’s a huge mud flat and small spit of land off to the left that connects the town of Boston to the mainland,” the captain replies.
I can tell Boston is a big city with buildings squeezed together between the valleys of those three large hills. Boston must be a very religious place, too. There are at least six or seven really tall church steeples soaring high above the city. The three large hills of Boston have rough, steep slopes, and in the valleys, houses are scattered in a disorganized fashion. Wisps of smoke drift skyward from the many chimneys. I notice one big difference between Boston and Wexford: All the buildings in Boston are made of wood. In Wexford, all buildings are made of stone.
As the Edith B creeps deeper into the harbor and her sails are being taken in, I can see the harbor is full of ships of all sizes tied to one of the many docks that line the shore. Boats lie at anchor ready to be unloaded or loaded; a multitude of smaller boats sail in every direction, crisscrossing within the huge, protected waterway. The inner harbor is jammed with schooners, sloops, whaling vessels, large ships, and small ships. There are multitudes of warehouses, docks, piers, wharfs, wagons, carts, carriages, men, women, children, dogs chasing cats, cats chasing rats—every living being is milling about everywhere I look. Long Wharf is the most prominent structure as it extends far into the harbor. Along one side of the dock skinny buildings are situated while, on the other side, it’s open so ships can tie up.
“It looks as if the shipping business goes far into the harbor. Is that because there’s little room on land?” I ask.
“I would say that’s true, Patrick, but right now I have to get the Edith B tied up, so you stand over there and watch,” the captain instructs.
“Yes, sir.”
“Captain, you may shorten sail,” the pilot instructs.
“Mister Dalton, stand by to shorten sails,” the captain orders.
“Stand by to shorten sails!” Mister Dalton bellows through his hailing tube.
When the Edith B draws abreast of Town Cove, the pilot orders, “New course; come to northwest by west heading.”
The pilot then says, “Captain, the ship is yours!” 
The captain immediately orders, “Mister Dalton, take in topsails and mainsails!”
“Aye, aye, sir,” Mister Dalton answers, and then he immediately issues the order.
Almost magically, the topsails and mainsails disappear as they are furled and stored tightly on the yardarms. The Edith B slows to a crawl as she approaches Clark’s Wharf. The wind is gentle as the Edith B turns slowly and drifts toward an open spot along the wharf. 
“Furl all sails and make ready to pass docking lines,” orders the captain.
Cookie stands on the bow, twirling a very light heaving line with a lead weight attached at the end. With one mighty throw he lets the weighted end fly through the air and across the water. The light line snakes through the air as the lead weight lands beside a dockworker. Quickly the light line is gathered in, and the heavy docking line follows like a giant serpent swimming across the water. This process is duplicated at the stern. Then slowly, very slowly, the Edith B is hauled into her berth by using the anchor winch, and the ship is made fast.
I’m so absorbed with the docking process that I don’t see the pilot leave the ship. It’s amazing that a ship as large as this can be manipulated by so few. It’s as effortless as putting a pocket watch away. No sooner has the ship ever so lightly bumped the wharf than officials come on board to clear the Edith B, her crew, and the cargo. The captain greets the officials and takes them into his cabin. I watch from the quarterdeck, scanning to see if there is anyone who might be looking for me, but I see nobody looking in my direction. 
In the meantime, the crew scurries about applying all the finishing touches to put the ship away until the next voyage. As soon as the ship has been cleared, a table is set up on the deck next to the gangway. Two chairs and a large heavy metal box also materialize.
One man comes on board and sits in one of the chairs. Once this man is established, the crew members emerge from the forecastle dressed in their Sunday best. Mister Dalton sits in the other chair and instructs the crew: “When you hear your name, step forward to collect your wages and remain on deck. The captain would say a few words before we all depart for home.”
Mister Dalton calls out, “Seaman Robinson! Step forward, please. Would you like to ship out in six weeks’ time? Please step over to Mister Tweed to receive your pay.” Seaman Robinson stops in front of the man sitting next to Mister Dalton.
“Cookie! Please step forward. Would you like to sign on board in six weeks’ time?” This goes on for some time because the entire crew has to be called, although three crew members are not invited to join the next voyage, Tommy Hanks being one.
The men who were escorted into the captain’s quarters arrive on deck and leave. The captain then addresses the crew, thanking them for their service and wishing them all a safe and happy home leave. When the captain is finished, he turns and says, “Well, young man, welcome to Boston. I don’t see anyone on the dock looking for a young boy, do you?” 
“No, sir. I see nobody.” 
“Well, the Greens may not know we’ve arrived; we’re two days ahead of schedule.”
“Is the crew leaving the ship now?” 
“Aye, Boston is the home port for the Edith B, and all have been away from home for close to six months by now,” the captain replies. “They all want to get home to see their families.” 
Tears creep into my eyes. The captain gets up and puts his arms around me. “No matter what happens, you’ll be all right. You’re a very good boy who has had a very bad streak of luck. I think you’ll succeed at whatever you end up doing.”
I wipe my face with the back of my hand, totally depressed. I fill my lungs with air and then let it all out in a great sigh.
“Patrick,” the captain says looking directly into my eyes, “I want you to stay on board the Edith B until this family comes to get you. You’re not to leave this ship under any circumstances. Do you understand?”
“Yes, sir. I will not leave this ship until you say I may.”
“Good. I want you to follow that order because you know nobody here, and there are some people who could take advantage of you or possibly do you harm. If a family comes looking for you, and I’m not here, you tell them they’ll have to wait until I return, and that is also an order: Do you understand?”
“Yes, captain. I understand. I’m to do nothing unless you give me permission.” 
The captain then marches down the gangway and disappears into the hoard of people milling about on the wharf.




CHAPTER FOUR

New Home

“Patrick,” the captain says, “please come to my quarters. It appears this Green family either has no idea that we’re in port, or there may not be a family out there looking for you. “
“Yes, sir,” I meekly answer.
“Come, we’ll go in here. This is the chart house where we do all our navigation work,” the captain explains.
“This is a very important place,” I remark as I look around in amazement, “but I thought the navigation area would be much fancier than this.”
“No, you don’t need a fancy place to do important work; it can be done anywhere so long as you put your mind to the task,” the captain answers.
At the far end of the small cabin, just beyond the tiny potbelly stove, is a ladder way leading to the deck below. The captain descends, and I follow, being careful not to step on the captain’s fingers.
“Why, this is your cabin; this is where I ate all my meals!” 
“Yes, this is my cabin. Please take your seat.” The captain gestures toward my chair. Timidly, I take my seat and wait for the captain to speak. It’s deathly quiet. There isn’t a single sound except for the sing-song squeaking of metal on metal. The lantern is motionless as it hangs straight down from the overhead beam.
The captain sits in his chair and leans on his elbows as he rubs his chin. A fly swoops by my face just as the captain says slowly, “Patrick, this afternoon I spent about an hour with the owner of the Edith B on your behalf. Until this Green family comes to get you, we agreed it is best that you stay on board.” 
I nod and then ask, “What will happen if this family does not come to get me?” Then I drop my head onto my arms and lapse into tears. The captain, flustered for a moment, responds reassuringly: “I can’t answer that now, but there are several options. We’ll cross that bridge at the appropriate time. For now, we’ll wait and see what develops.”
I regain some composure, but I keep my head buried in my arms. “What options?” 
“I’m not at liberty to say, but they’re good options.”
I stare at the captain through tear-filled eyes, unable to see much of anything but a blurred image of the captain as I nod.
The next morning I scan the docks looking for the Green family, but nobody shows any interest in me. The captain returns from seeing Mister Clarke and asks me to come to his cabin.
“Patrick, I don’t know if there is a Green family or not, but I’m going to set in action an emergency plan in case the Green family never shows up. I’m doing this for several reasons. As I said, you’re a bright boy who needs a home. Second, I told you I lost my entire family two years ago, and I had a son a bit older than you. You remind me of him. If my son were to be in a situation like you are right now, I would hope someone would throw him a lifeline. I also think you’ll help me as much as I can help you.” 
I sit up and think the captain’s correct when he says I have a problem. Yes, I have a huge problem. What am I to do? My uncle cheated me and stole everything I had; yes, I need help. 
“You’re correct, captain, I do have a problem: I have no money; I have no place to go; I don’t know anyone here in Boston. Yes, I have a gigantic problem and, yes, I do need help.” Then, once more, I dissolve into tears.
“If the Greens don’t show up, I might allow you to sign on as my cabin boy,” the captain says. 
“What’s a cabin boy do?” 
“Well, most cabin boys are older than you; they’re about thirteen, and you’re only ten, so I would have to modify your duties somewhat.” 
“So what would I have to do?” I ask again.
“I’ll teach you everything I know about ships. You’ll take care of my cabin, keeping it clean and tidy. I’ll establish an active training program. I’ll train you in every aspect of running a ship so that, someday, you could become the master of your own ship.” The captain then flashes a grin as wide as the horizon on an open sea.
A shiver runs throughout my body as a smile slowly creeps across my face, and tears of joy rush down my cheeks. I can’t believe what the captain has said.
“You’ll be part of the crew,” the captain continues in a low voice. “But you’ll take your orders only from me unless I tell you to do something for someone else. Also, since you still are a young boy, I’m ordering you not to go into the forecastle. Your quarters are here in this cabin; do you understand?”
“Do you mean I’ll sleep here in your cabin?”
“You will sleep in my quarters, right over there,” and the captain points to one of the built-in bunks. “But remember: This will only happen if the Green family never shows up.”

The captain returns to the ship after being on shore for almost two hours. I had been kept busy cleaning the captain’s cabin after six months at sea. 
“Well, if I had known you could clean like this I’d have had you clean my cabin the whole way across the Atlantic.”
“Well, captain, if I’m to be your cabin boy, you’re going to have to keep your cabin neat. Mama used to say, ‘Cleanliness is next to godliness!’”
“Well, I’m not going to argue with your mama,” the captain teases.
I laugh along with the captain. “I dragged my trunk up from my little cabin, and I put my things in the drawers under my bunk.”
“Patrick, don’t forget; you will only come on board as my cabin boy if no family shows up to claim you.” 
I look at him and say, “Sir, I hope and pray the Green family does not come; please, dear Lord; let them get lost, please.”
“Since Cookie is not here, I think it might be wise if we go find a place to get something to eat. What do you think?”
“I think that’s an excellent idea. I could eat a horse.” 
“Horse is tough; cow is much better,” the captain replies with a chuckle.
The captain then takes two large padlocks from a drawer in his desk and locks the door leading to his cabin. He also goes to the forecastle and does the same there. “Now the ship is safe to be left alone. Are you ready, my boy?”
“Yes, sir. I’m ready.”
The captain and I stroll up Clark’s Wharf dodging boxes piled along the way waiting to be placed on a ship or to be stored in some warehouse. I laugh as the captain steps around horse buns and ox pies that were delivered in a random pattern.
“These animals really don’t have proper manners, do they?” I joke.
“I agree with you, lad. You have to watch where you step, or it could be a very messy affair,” the captain chuckles.
“Our animals back on the farm were very polite. They always did their duty in the proper place.” 
“I’m not so sure about that. The animals in Wexford seemed to have plastered the dock area about the same as is the case here.”
“I was not talking about Wexford animals; I was talking about the animals on our farm,” I corrected.
“Then I cannot comment because I have not been on your farm,” the captain laughs.
Warehouses line the docks. People mill about everywhere. 
“One thing that seems strange to me, captain, is this: Why are the houses not built of stone like they are back in Wexford? Here in Boston everything seems to be built of wood.”
“Back in Ireland and in the rest of Europe the buildings are mostly built of stone because stone is available everywhere. Here in the Colonies, forests cover everything as far as the eye can see. As a result, it’s much easier and costs less to cut down a tree and turn the trunks into lumber for use in building houses and businesses.” 
“I never thought it would be this busy in Boston. I thought it might be like Wexford.” 
“Boston is a busy place, indeed. It’s almost as busy as the Port of London. But Boston’s a much better port for shipping than London. Boston is easier to get in and out. London is up the river and is tight once the ships are in the port area. Boston is huge compared to London. At the end of the wharf we’re going to cross over to King’s Street, and we will find a tavern there called the Bunch-of-Grapes.
“You know, captain, I like listening to your stories,” I say as I look up and give the captain a smile.
“The face you have right now is a lot better than the one that cries; do you know that?” The captain smiles back.
“I know, but sometimes I just can’t help it.”
“There, do you see that sign with the three bunches of gilded grapes hanging over that door? That’s where we’re going,” the captain says as he guides me across the street.
Suddenly, the captain grabs the back of my collar and jerks me violently backward as a carriage rushes by, missing us by only an inch. “Stupid fool!” the captain yells toward the driver. “You’re going too fast for this congested street! Someone could get hurt!”
I glower at the back of the polished carriage as it continues to speed away, totally oblivious to what almost happened.
The captain calms down quickly and ushers me through the doorway as we pass under the gilded grapes. Upon entering the tavern, I almost gag. The smoke is extremely heavy, and the smell of body odor is almost overpowering. I survive only by holding my breath. To make matters even worse, most of the gentlemen are fat, and they all talk in booming voices so they can be heard over all the other conversation as they drink their brandy, port, or rum. 
“It stinks like people haven’t taken a bath for a month!” I shout so the captain can hear me. He puts his hand over my mouth and tells me to hush. Then I ask, “Why do stupid people smoke? It makes their breath stink.”
“You’re right; smoking is bad. You’ll find that their noses don’t work very well because they’re all landlubbers. People who go to sea have not been exposed to all these bad smells, so our noses are especially sensitive. Now, we need to go to that door over there, and it will smell much better.” And the captain directs me toward the far corner.  
I look up at every person as I brush by, still holding my breath as much as possible. The captain guides me toward the back of the building where a brass sign on the door states, “Do Not Enter – Captains Only.”
The captain opens the door and steps in, closing it after I enter. “Is this better?” the captain asks.
“Yes, sir, this is much better.” I think it’s best to throw in a “sir” because of the sign on the door. There are four tables full of older gentlemen who look like captains of ships.
“I heard you had arrived, Charles. How was your pleasure cruise?” one of the men asks with a chuckle.
“It was a pleasure cruise, indeed. No foul weather—just the way I like it, Jacob, and how was your voyage?” 
“What’s he the captain of—a rowboat?” The man is pointing at me, and the room explodes with laughter.
“No, Caleb, he’ not the captain of a rowboat; he’ll be the captain of a ship that’s three times the size of your ship,” Captain Heathway responds proudly. “I would like to present to you my cabin boy, apprentice, and charge, gentlemen, Master Patrick Tracy.”
“One moment, Charles, did you just say you’re taking on a cabin boy and apprentice?” another captain chides. “Did we all hear you correctly? You’ve always said such things are a waste of time. What has brought this sudden change?” The room again fills with mocking laughter.
“Yes, tell us all about it, Charles. You said you would never take on an apprentice because they only get in the way. Those were your exact words, my friend!” Caleb says.
Captain Hathaway smiles from ear to ear and guides me to a vacant table.
“Well, one thing is for sure, for you to bring this boy on board, he must be a fine catch.” 
“Thank you, Waldo. He clearly is an exception. He shows great potential, and I’m willing to gamble on him.” 
As the captain sits, the room immediately returns to quiet conversation, the way true gentlemen conduct their business.
“Captain, why do these men talk about their ships and ports? I would think they would want to talk about other things.”
The captain answers in a quiet tone. “All these men are captains of their own ocean-going ships. This is the only place where a captain can gain knowledge. You see, a captain is an island unto himself while he’s on his ship. He’s supposed to have all the answers. It’s his responsibility to bring his ship and crew back to port unharmed.” 
Later, the captain and I slowly stroll back to the Edith B as the captain explains the history of Boston.
“You mean Indians used to live right here where we’re walking?”
“Yes, and they fished on this shore and paddled their canoes in these very waters.”
“Where are the Indians now?” 
“They’re right over there.” The captain points toward the tree line. “They like to live in the woods because there’s a lot of food to be found there, and they get protection from foul weather.”
“I’m happy I won’t sleep in that tiny cabin. There’s no fresh air down there, and it’s creepy all by myself.” 
“I agree; it’s spooky down there, but there’s no other place for a passenger to stay. Those two small cabins are for paying passengers. If there is no passenger, then the captain can use that space to stow light cargo. As a result, it’s to my advantage not to bring paying passengers on board.”
“Why did you take me on?”
“Because I didn’t know you were coming, and we were in a rush to get out of the harbor. Really, I got stuck with you, but I’m extremely happy events have worked out the way they have. I hope you’re pleased as well.”
“I wish Mama and Da could be with me.” 
“Patrick, I’ll tell you something; your mother and father will never leave you. They will be with you until the day you die. I can promise you that.”
I’m glad the captain said that; I never want to forget Mama or Da. They are everything to me. I know I remind the captain of his son, and that’s one reason he’s so kind to me.



CHAPTER FIVE

Becoming an Apprentice

I awaken to muffled sounds in the morning. I peek outside and notice a heavy fog. The captain is not in his bunk, and the cabin door is wide open. I stumble out of bed and to the doorway. The captain is shaving after having taken a bath. Upon seeing me the captain states with a voice of authority, “Young man, you need a bath.”
“I don’t need to take a bath. I don’t stink!”
“Do you remember those men last night in the tavern that you complained about?”
“Yes, sir, I remember.”
“Well, you stink just like them. Come on now; get over here and take a bath!”
I guess I don’t have a whole lot of choice, so I do as I’ve been told.
“Rinse yourself with salt water first, then take that soap and scrub well Then rinse yourself with that fresh water. That way you won’t get itchy later,” the captain explains with a chuckle.
“We have a busy day ahead of us, Master Tracy.” 
“What do we have to do?”
“First, we have to see Mister Clarke. We need to get you some proper clothes, and we need to get you some school supplies. How does that sound for starters?”
“What’s wrong with my clothes? Mama made these clothes.”
“There’s nothing wrong with your clothes, but they’re farming or city folk clothes, and they will wear out halfway across the Atlantic. Now do you want to walk around half naked because your britches wore out?”
“No, sir, I wouldn’t like that!” 
“Good, then we agree you need to get some sturdy sea clothes, and there are other items that you’ll need to perform your duties on board. We’ll start with Mister Warner’s emporium. He makes the best sailing clothes in all of Boston. After that we’ll visit Mister Hadley’s cutlery shop to buy a fine knife, a marlinspike with scabbard. Then we’ll stop at Mister Taylor’s supply shop to gather journals, quills, ink, and a straight edge.”
“Do we really need all that?” 
“Yes, we do, and I might think of additional gear like sea boots and proper shoes so you can stand on deck even in a pitching storm.”
“When do we start shopping?”
“Just as soon as I lock this cabin door.” 

I’m fascinated with Boston because it’s such a busy place; there is so much character with all the crooked little streets and all the clapboard houses of different sizes and shapes with small leaded windows. Flower boxes hang on the front of almost every house. People crowd the cobblestone streets as they mill about while others hawk their wares.
The captain leads me to King Street, and then we take the corner at Mackerel Lane. There we see a dark brown, narrow building about thirty feet across with leaded windows open to the morning breeze. The building is squeezed between two larger buildings. A shiny black sign hangs over the entryway with bright white lettering that reads “Clarke’s Shipping and Dry Goods.”   
The captain points toward the entry and says, “That’s where we’re going.” The captain takes the two high stone steps in stride as he holds the door open for me. A narrow hallway runs half the building’s length on the north side before the hallway meets a steep flight of stairs that ascend to the second story. The captain opens the first door to the right and enters. A middle-aged man rises: “Captain Hathaway, it’s good to see you again. Mister Clarke is expecting you.”
It’s the man who was on the Edith B when we arrived at the dock who gave the crew their pay. I look him over carefully. He’s on the mousey side, a small man with glasses perched precariously on his nose. The man has fine features that fit his short stature. He seems nervous. I’ll bet he would explode if he got mad. 
Behind this mousy-looking man sit four young accounting clerks high upon tall stools behind tall desks as if they’re ready for a flood. Each accountant pays close attention to only the work that’s directly in front of him as if the captain and I are not present.
“We’ll go up and see Mister Clarke,” the captain says as he turns and directs me ahead of him. “You behave while in Mister Clarke’s office; he’s a man who can help you if he so wishes,” the captain advises as we climb the stairs.
At the top of the stairs the captain knocks on the door, and a voice calls out from within, “Enter.”
The captain enters first, and I follow. “Good morning, Captain Hathaway, and this is our passenger, Master Tracy?” Mister Clarke asks. Mister Clarke then leaves his desk and shakes the captain’s hand, then mine. “Welcome to Boston, young man.”
“Thank you,” I answer as I bow politely.
I’m surprised when I meet Mister Clarke. He looks kind, middle aged, with whiskers on his chin and tiny glasses clamped on his nose that make him look a little funny.
“Of my eighteen captains, Captain Hathaway is the most experienced and knowledgeable. I trust you’ll pay close attention to what he says; you will not find a better teacher.”
I shoot a look at the captain and smile, and he gives a quick wink in return.
“Patrick, I would like you to sit right here, and I want you to tell me your complete story. What happened back in Ireland?” Mister Clarke inquires.
I tell my story in great detail, leaving nothing out. I explain what happened to Mama and Da. I explain what happened with Aunt Mary and Uncle Robert, who Magistrate Fitzwilliam was, and about Mister Kelly, who had me sign a paper the night before I left, and how I included a middle initial that I don’t have.
Mister Clarke says not a word until he excuses me by saying, “You may look at the ship models at the other end of the room.” Strangely, Mister Clarke wrote down every word I said. 
I do as I am told and examine the models lined up on a large table. The Edith B holds the place of honor as she sits dead center with all the other ships having their bows pointing toward her in a large semicircle. As I examine the models, I’m all ears as to what’s being said at the other end of the room.
“Captain, how long do you think this voyage will take?” Mister Clarke asks.
“Well, sir,” the captain says while rubbing his chin, “if all goes well, and we don’t encounter any trouble along the way, and if all cargo is ready for pick-up when we arrive, it’s a straight run from Boston to Saint Petersburg, and then a return to Boston. I’d say about five to six months’ voyage.” 
“It’s going to be cold coming back,” Mister Clarke advises.
“It will be very cold, and we’ll be hitting headwinds the entire way. What I can do is take the southern route; it won’t be as cold, and we can stop in Jamaica for fresh supplies.”
“That’s not a problem, and I’ll arrange to have some cargo for you to pick up at your stopover in Jamaica.”
“That would make it more profitable, Mister Clarke,” the captain says.
“If you can set sail when we discussed, then you’ll be able to meet Captain Blethen in London. You can give him that letter, as we discussed, so he can carry it to Wexford.”
Wexford? He just said Wexford. I shoot a side glance toward Mister Clarke. Mister Clarke glances at me, and I pretend I didn’t hear anything.
The two men shake hands and Mister Clarke says to me, “Young man, I’m writing a letter on your behalf; maybe we can straighten out your situation.”
“Thank you very much, sir,” I respond, not knowing what Mister Clarke is talking about. My situation? What is my situation?
The captain gently ushers me toward the doorway as he says good-bye to Mister Clarke.
As soon as we reach the street, I turn and ask, “What did he mean that he’s going to write a letter on my behalf?”
The captain brushes off my question by saying, “Mister Clarke has friends all over the world, including Ireland. Remember, Wexford is under English rule, as we all are.”
The captain takes me to Merchants’ Row, a bustling area in Boston, to conduct our business; it’s the heart of the commercial area. A few buildings are made of brick, but most are wood. There is every type of service located in this area, each with its gilded sign in front of the shop announcing the products and services provided within. 
We enter a shop with a sign over the door depicting a pair of gilded scissors. A man’s jacket and a lady’s dress are displayed in the front windows, and the sign reads, “Robert B. Warner, Master Tailor and School Master.”
Along the back wall, rows of large bolts of cloth stand on end as if they’re soldiers at attention. In the middle of the shop is a raised platform with a free-standing, full-length mirror to one side.
“May I be of assistance?” the pleasant looking, middle-aged shop owner asks in a mild voice.
“Mister Warner, this boy needs some proper clothing for going to sea. The traditional white sailing uniform will be fine as well as winter blue. However, I want the trousers’ seat to be double thick. He’ll need four sets of each.”
“Come, stand here,” Mister Warner instructs as he motions me to the wooden platform. I stand as I’ve been instructed, inspecting myself in the mirror.
 “So what do you think, Patrick; do you feel like a fish out of water?” the captain asks.
“This seems strange, and yes, I do feel as if I’m on display. I don’t like it.”
“Why don’t you like people to look at you?”
“I don’t know; I just don’t like it. Do you like it when people look at you?” 
“It doesn’t really bother me one way or the other.” 
“Why do I need a double stitched seat in my britches?” 
“We can’t have you busting out of your britches in the middle of the Atlantic, can we?” the captain says with a smile.
“No, I wouldn’t like that very much.” A joyous feeling of pride flows throughout my body at the thought of wearing a uniform. I’ve never worn any uniform before. “This is going to be very special.” 
“When will you need these clothes?” Mister Warner asks as he scribbles notes in his journal.
“I’ll need these on board the Edith B by fourteen hundred hours four days from now. Is that possible?”
“Yes, I can have everything ready,” Mister Warner answers.
“The Edith B is berthed at Clarke’s Wharf,” the captain states as we depart the shop.
“Now, young man, we need to visit Mister Hitz, my favorite cobbler; he’s the best in town.”
The captain and I walk two doors further down Merchant’s Row and then cross to the opposite side. A sign hangs over the doorway: “William Hitz – Master Cobbler & Lawyer.”
The captain stops and studies the sign, then enters and asks, “Is Mister Hitz in?”
There’s an apprentice of about fifteen who answers, “No, he’s in court, but I’m his senior apprentice. May I be of assistance?”
“Can you make a pair of shoes and a pair of sea boots for this boy within four days’ time?”
“That’s not a problem. I can have these ready within three days, sir.”
The apprentice then takes the necessary measurement of my feet to ensure a proper fit.
“Good. Please deliver them to the Edith B docked at Clark’s Wharf,” the captain says. “Also, please give Mister Hitz my best regards. We have been friends for many years.”
“I shall do that, captain, and thank you for coming by.” 
“We have a few other stops,” the captain says. “Now we’re off to find the correct knife for you.”
I swell with pride. I’m going to get my own knife. I’ve never had a knife. Mama would never let me have one.
The captain leads me down Merchant’s Row to a small, crooked alleyway where the captain enters M. Lovell Cutlery Shop, a small space cluttered with knives of every sort and size. There’s a large display of daggers and fierce-looking knives designed for hand-to-hand combat. 
“I’m looking for a sturdy knife that will hold its edge while at sea,” the captain says.
The shopkeeper takes a box from behind the counter and dumps the contents onto the counter. The captain goes quickly through the pile, carefully separating the contents until he has selected five knives. Then the captain examines each for sturdiness. The captain scrutinizes the blade as well as the pins that hold the blade to the handle. Will the pins give way at a critical moment? Will the blade snap when maximum strength and durability are required?
I watch in amazement at how particular the captain is. When only two knives are left, the captain tests each knife’s edge for sharpness by shaving a hair off one of his arms.
The captain looks up at me and orders, “Come here. What do you think about this knife? How does it feel?”
“I don’t know what you mean when you say, ‘How does it feel?’”
“Does the knife feel balanced in your hand?”
I place the knife in my palm and report, “I think this feels balanced,” but I have no clue what I’m saying.
“Good. We’ll need a sturdy leather sheath to hold the knife as well as the marlin spike. The sheath will affix to your belt.” 
With our knife shopping completed, we head back down the street. “I’m glad you found this knife when you did because I was afraid you were going to shave your entire arm.”
“I know what you mean; I was afraid I might end up with a bald arm,” the captain answers as he hands the knife and marlin spike to me. “You take good care of these; they just might save your life some day.”
 I stare wide-eyed at the captain. My euphoria over a new uniform, sea boots, and the knife bursts like soap bubbles. “Save my life . . . .” 
“Yes, that knife can save your life. The blade is as sharp as a razor. It can slash a line in an instant. When there’s no time to think, you must react instantly, or you’ll end up be dead.”
We continue down the street while I play with my knife. “This is a thing of beauty.” 
“Yes, but don’t cut yourself.”
“Captain, what’s it like at sea in heavy weather?”
The captain looks down at me, trying to determine where my question is coming from. He answers as if he’s telling me a ghost story. “It’s extremely dangerous, and people can get badly hurt or even killed.”
“Killed?”
“Yes, killed,” the captain answers dramatically. “Waves can reach as high as the tops of the Edith B’s masts with the wind blowing so hard a man cannot stand up. The wind howls in your ears so you can’t hear a single word. There’s no way anyone can climb the rigging, and any sailor who tries will be pulled from the rigging and hurled into the churning sea, never to be seen again.”
“Waves can grow to a hundred feet high?” I ask in awe.
“Aye, waves can grow to well over a hundred feet. If we should get hit by really heavy weather, you’ll be confined to the cabin. You will not go on deck; do you understand?”
“Why? I would want to see what’s going on.”
The captain stops abruptly in the middle of the street and says, “Patrick, let me stress one thing: Going to sea can be extremely dangerous; people can get killed or suffer horrible injuries. I don’t want anything to happen to you, so stay in the cabin—that’s an order!”
 “Yes, sir, I understand.” I am scared because I suddenly realize the captain is not fooling. I’ve never heard the captain talk the way he just did; it was frightening.
“Patrick, if we’re hit with really bad weather on board, your instincts will tell you what to do.”
I try to visualize what it would be like to sail on a ship with waves one hundred feet high. I shudder. I also think about being torn out of the rigging and thrown overboard to be lost at sea. Again, I shudder at such thoughts. “What happens to a person who’s lost at sea?”
“They become fish food!”
“Fish food?”
“Yes, the fish start to eat you, but I especially wouldn’t like it when the crabs and lobsters moved in to gnaw my bones.”
The captain looks at my expression. “What’s the matter? Are you all right?”
I stare at the captain as my body shudders again. “I’ll do exactly as you say. I don’t want to be lost at sea.”
The captain pats my shoulder. “You do as you’re told, and all will be fine.”
Going to sea may be dangerous, but wearing that uniform is going to be great.

Early the next morning the captain takes me again through the twisting streets of Boston. I enjoy exploring because it reminds me when Da took me to Dublin. After a lengthy walk crisscrossing our way through Boston, the captain and I come upon a tiny bookstore whose windows are so dirty we can’t even see inside. A faded sign reads, “Putnam’s Book Shop.” I’m ushered in with a nudge from the captain, who takes up the rear.
I look about and feel there must be ghosts in this shop. There’s a grayness about everything, and dust is thick everywhere. “This is one of the creepiest places I’ve ever been.” 
“You’re right; it does look a little spooky, doesn’t it?” the captain replies with a smile.
Piles of books are everywhere. They’re stacked to my shoulders. All the counters are stacked high; in every corner piles of books are teetering; even the aisles are filled with books. A little, hunchbacked old man approaches wearing tiny, tin-rimmed glasses clipped to the end of his nose. As he shuffles to the front of the shop, I watch in fascination and eager anticipation of his glasses popping from their perch, but they never do.
“May I help you?” the shopkeeper asks in a squeaky voice.
The captain answers in a thunderous voice of authority: “Yes, Mister Putnam; we’re here to purchase eight large journals. Do you have such?”
“Yes, please come this way,” the old man answers softly. He then turns and looks under his armpit back at me. I guess it‘s easier for him, all stooped over, to see that way. The old shopkeeper then states tersely, “And don’t you knock anything over, young man. I’m too old to be stooping over and picking things up off the floor.”
I almost laughed because, when the shopkeeper spoke to me, his eyes grew so large they filled the entire eyepiece, making him look like a frog.
“Oh, have no fear,” the captain reassured him. “This lad is as nimble as they come.” 
“That’s what I’m afraid of,” the old man growls as he shuffles down the crowed aisle in his slippers. 
I refrain from laughing, and the captain flashes me a quick wink and a smile.
I stand like a statue for fear of bumping into one of the teetering stacks, and I hear the old man say, “The last child to come in here set this shop on its ear, and it took me most of the day to put things back in order.”
“I’m terribly sorry to hear that,” the captain replies.
“You want eight journals? Well, it appears I only have seven at the moment.”
“That’s all right. I’ll take the seven.”
As we leave the shop, the captain hands the bundle to me and says, “You keep these journals nearby. After you label each book, you’ll enter important facts into the correct journal. It’s important you write neatly and clearly because other people will have to read what you have written. So first, I want you to carefully print the title on each journal.”
I think about what the captain just said, but I have nothing to fear; I have legible handwriting.
“These journals will be very important to you, especially later in your life. You’ll take these books with you wherever you go. Many years from now, you may enter a harbor that you entered while on the Edith B, but you won’t remember the particulars about that harbor. In such a case, you can look in your journal and everything will be right there. This is knowledge you cannot buy; it only comes through experience.”
“Yes, sir.” 

“Patrick, you think you know this ship, don’t you?”
“Yes, sir, I do know this ship,” I answer with confidence.
“Well, you come with me, and I’m going to show you how to get into the hold without going through the hatch covers.”
I laugh to myself because, thanks to Tommy Hanks, I already know how, but I don’t say a word.
The captain motions to follow toward the companionway that leads to my old cabin. He then lifts the top two steps of the companionway and reveals a hidden hatch door. It’s just large enough to allow a normal sized, fully grown man entry. The captain squeezes through feet first, catching hold of a rung ladder affixed alongside the hatch. I follow closely. Now I know two ways of getting into the hold.
The captain removes a lantern from the wall and lights it. The empty hull goes from total blackness to a flickering yellow void with lots of scary shadows dancing upon the walls. It’s cold and clammy. I shiver and suddenly wonder what Tommy Hanks is up to. He would love to be down here right now even though there must be goblins around. What a spooky place!
“Now, lad, how do you like it down here?”
“So far, it doesn’t bother me.” In reality, I’m totally terrified, but I’m not going to let the captain know it. I nearly have a heart attack when the captain says in a spooky voice, “Now, little boy, come over here; you have to go down this ladder way first. We have to descend to the next level below.”
This must be a test. I’m so scared. If I say I’m not scared enough times, maybe I won’t be. Maybe.
I stare down into the total blackness below. I physically start to shake as I timidly catch hold of the ladder and slowly climb down, being consumed by the black unknown. The air is musty, and I feel water droplets form on my peach fuzz along the back of my neck and my cheeks. Shivers run up and down my spine, but I remain determined to show no fear to the captain.
“I’m at the bottom,” my small voice echoes.
Slowly, the captain climbs down the rungs, carefully holding the lamp by its handle.
Once at the bottom, the captain says in a normal voice, “This is the lowest hold where all the heavy cargo is stored. You see these recessed rings in the deck? Those make it so large crates can slide across the deck without interference and then be tied down securely.”
I look but say nothing. I’m too scared to utter a single word.
“Come over here. What do you think is under this floor?”
“Water—the bottom of the ship.” 
“Not exactly; here you’ll find the answer to why we don’t capsize in a big blow.”
“Stones, the stones!” I blurt out.
“Exactly; the ballast stones are here.”
I remember all the heaviest cargo has to be loaded in the lowest part of the ship to prevent it from capsizing. 

It doesn’t take me long to realize something is going on right outside of the Edith B. Men are yelling orders as if they are all generals. Oxen moo, and wagon wheels squeak.
“What in blazes is going on?” I exclaim as I jump out of my bunk and race onto the deck.
Wagons are lined up all the way to the end of Clark’s Wharf, all filled with huge crates. Load masters are yelling orders as to which wagon is to be unloaded first.
“Young man, don’t you think it might be wise to get dressed properly so everyone won’t see you in your night shirt?” the captain suggests as he chuckles.
I look down at myself and shrug my shoulders. “I don’t see anything wrong.” Then I turn and race to the cabin. The captain shakes his head and laughs. “Oh, to be young again. That would be wonderful, but only if I could retain everything I know now.”
Mister Dalton pushes his way through the dock workers and climbs the gangway to the main deck. “Good morning, captain. Did Patrick tell you I was here yesterday?”
“Good morning to you, and yes, Master Tracy did mention you had come by. You look like a new man.” 
“Nelly made me soak for an hour in a large tub of hot water and soap. She then scrubbed me so I shined like an alabaster statue,” Mister Dalton laughed.
“I’m glad, but I don’t need any statues on my ship; I need a first mate. Come to the cabin; we’ll have a cup of tea,” the captain suggests.
“Good morning, Patrick. You’re only getting up at this late hour?” Mister Dalton chides.
“Well, not really. I was on deck in my night clothes, and the captain thought that was improper, so I’m changing.”
“I agree with the captain. Would you walk down the streets in your night dress?” 
“No, that’s not polite!” 
“Well, what’s the difference between standing on the deck of a ship in your night clothes and walking down the street?” the captain asks.
“I’m not on the street; I’m on the deck.” 
“But what’s the difference?” the captain asks again. “People in those windows can still look right down onto this deck and see you have no clothes on.”
“I had my nightshirt on. They couldn’t see me,” I protest.
Mister Dalton shakes his head. “It’s not proper, and I know your mother and father would disapprove.”
 “That’s not fair to bring my parents into this, but I will agree they probably would not approve,” I begrudgingly admit. 
“Now, back to business,” the captain says. “We need to discuss our upcoming voyage. Patrick, you might as well listen so you won’t get in the way on deck.”
The three of us sit at the large table in the captain’s cabin as the captain describes the voyage in detail. “I want extra casks of rum brought on board. I want to keep the crew’s spirits up on cold, blustery nights. Extra provisions will have to be brought on board as well because the men are going to need strength once it gets cold.”
“I assume you want the basic staples that will last, such as extra potatoes, salted beef, tea, sugar—good hardy food stock,” Mister Dalton asserts.
“Exactly. We want to keep the sailors content when away from home, and a full stomach of decent food goes a long way,” the captain agrees. “Also, I want to restock the medicine chest; it has not been gone over for some time.” The captain then examines his tea cup.
“This is not a difficult voyage. The problem is the timing. It can be brutal going over, especially with tropical storms lurking about. And on the return trip those freezing winter gales are worse than the tropical storms,” the captain says as he rubs his chin.
“At least the tropical storms are warm. The cold is the killer,” Mister Dalton adds with the voice of experience as he shakes his head.
The captain nods while I keep my mouth shut and open my ears, eyes, and imagination and try to absorb every word. I think this voyage could be fun.
“I guess we’ll have to show the new men who’s boss before we leave the dock,” Mister Dalton says.
“I think that should help prevent any potential problems later,” the captain confirms with a nod.
After finishing his tea, the captain says, “You may have Master Tracy help you take the inventory. Matter of fact, I want him to eventually take charge of that task. Show him how we work on board. I have to see Mister Clarke about the changes in our schedule.”
Mister Dalton sits me down at the big table in the captain’s cabin with quill in hand and an ink well and blotter beside me. I carefully pen “EDITH B – BOSTON – SAINT PETERSBURG – BOSTON, August 15, 1722,” on the first page of the journal. 
Mister Dalton sits at the other end of the table and says, “We’ll start from scratch because we used most of the supplies on the last voyage, or they were tossed overboard.”
 “Are there any rats on board this ship?”
“No, no rats on board, and that reminds me; I’m going to put you in charge of managing all rat guards on this coming voyage.”
Before I can say a word, Mister Dalton starts reading off all needed supplies from a prepared list. As Mister Dalton reads, I write:
One ton coal
Ten barrels, pickled beef
Ten barrels, salted fish
Twenty sacks, corn meal
Three casks, rum
Eight barrels, ale
Five barrels, apples
One crate, coffee
Three crates, tea
Twenty sacks, flour
Two crates, pipe tobacco
Five baskets, eggs
One barrel, salt
Six barrels, sugar
Three barrels, molasses
Two four-pound tins, pepper

Mister Dalton and I spend two and a half hours putting down the list of supplies, and I fill about half the journal.
Mister Dalton takes what I have written and goes over it carefully. He then says, “This is very good. Now let’s get this journal over to Mister Clarke’s office so Mister Tweed can make arrangements to have everything delivered on board in time for departure.”
The weather is fine; the sun shines as a light breeze wafts off the sea. Mister Dalton and I walk much faster than the captain and, in no time, we find ourselves before the high mahogany counter in Mister Clarke’s accounting office.
Upon entering, the gentleman who greeted the captain and me before says, “Oh, Mister Dalton, it’s good to see you again. I trust you’re having a pleasant stay at home?” Then Mister Tweed nods toward me and says, “Good morning, Master Tracy. I trust you are well?”
“Yes, sir, I’m very well, thank you.” 
“Young Master Tracy and I have put together this list of supplies we’ll need. Would you please have everything delivered to the dock in time for loading?” Mister Dalton asks as he hands the journal to Mister Tweed.
Mister Tweed opens the journal and examines it as if he’s appraising a delicate item. After a moment or two he turns the page and scans the rest. 
“I can read this. I’ve always struggled to decipher your handwriting, Mister Dalton; who wrote this?”
“I did,” I answer proudly.
Mister Tweed looks at me as if there was something terribly wrong. This man is sizing me up and down as if he’s about to slaughter me. I take a step back and stand close to Mister Dalton.
“That’s correct, Mister Tweed, young Master Tracy wrote it.” 
“You, come here,” Mister Tweed hisses as he opens the swinging gate so I can enter. Mister Dalton pushes me through the doorway as he follows.
“Take this quill and paper and write the following: ‘I’m a cabin boy on the Edith B.’”
I take the quill and write each letter. The only sound is the scratching of the quill on paper. I’m careful not to allow the ink to splatter. Once I’ve finished, I carefully blot the paper and then hand it to Mister Tweed for his inspection.
Mister Tweed glares at the paper, then the journal, then back to the paper and, finally, at me. “Well, at least one person on the Edith B knows how to write so it can be read. Where did you learn to write like that?”
“My mother and father taught me how to read and write.” 
“This is fine, Mister Dalton. We’ll have your supplies delivered the day you depart,” Mister Tweed assures us. And he smiles at me.

As Mister Dalton and I walk and talk along Ship Street, I say, “I have a question: How do you and the captain knows who will be a good member of the crew?”
“You mean how do we know if someone is a troublemaker?” 
“Yes.” 
“Boston’s big, but not that big. Everybody knows what’s going on. If there’s trouble on any ship, everyone will hear about it, and people like the captain and I listen. If need be, we’ll make a note in our private journal.”
“That sounds like a good idea.” 
“The captain and I agree we’ll not take on any greenhorn—no amateurs for us. Everybody has to have sailed for at least three years before we’ll take them on board the Edith B. These men have to be neat in appearance and have to have good recommendations from their former ship’s master. They also have to be God-fearing men. Does that answer your question?”
“I guess so, but why did you take me on?”
“Patrick, you’re not the general rule. The captain came to me halfway across the Atlantic and said, ‘Mister Dalton, I don’t like the story Master Tracy has told us. I smell a skunk in the woodpile.’”
“We didn’t know for sure, but we had a bad feeling that your uncle had cast you adrift upon an unknown sea.”
“I don’t know what to say except I’m glad it was you I ended up with—you and the captain— and I’m glad you like me. You know, I think Mister Tweed likes me, too.”
“I think you got off very well with Mister Tweed, and he’s a hard man to please.” Mister Dalton then smiles down upon me.



CHAPTER SIX

Getting Ready

Lots of work has to be done in the next few days before we can set sail. The day before scores of dockworkers showed up, right next to the Edith B and under the careful direction of Mister Dalton, the hatch covers were removed so the loading process could start.
“Mister Tracy, I want you to stick close by me, and I want you to view all the activity,” Mister Dalton instructs. 
An ox-powered host arrangement is installed to pick up each granite block as well as gigantic tree trunks, each carefully lowered into the belly of the Edith B. I’m fascinated by watching workers remove sections of the upper hold’s flooring and the cross braces that hold the flooring in place, thus allowing these huge tree trunks to be loaded into the lowest deck. The heaviest cargo goes in first and is secured tightly in the deepest part of the ship with stout ropes, I remind myself. The salted fish are the next item to come on board, and they are placed between the secured tree trunks. “We don’t want to stink up the rest of the ship, so we keep the dried fish down below,” Mister Dalton explains as he directs the placement of the old fish nets that carry the salted fish.
The cargo is loaded according to weight and to which port the item is to be off-loaded. Huge granite blocks are loaded in the aft cargo hold, destined for Saint Petersburg. Each block comes up to my waist and is about four feet long. There are enough to almost cover the floor of the cargo hold twice.
Mister Dalton and I do not leave the cargo hold during the loading process. “These men can do a very good job loading a ship, but they will not be on this ship when we hit really heavy seas,” Mister Dalton explains. “If anything should go wrong, that storm would not affect them in any way. Life will go on in Boston, and these people will not remember us, not at all. You and I will be on this ship if heavy weather should show its ugly face. We care how this cargo is tied down, and that’s why we’re here right now.”
“That makes sense,” I reply as shivers run up and down my spine just thinking about one of those tree trunks breaking loose in a huge storm; that would be scary!
“Are you learning anything?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Should I write this in my journal?” 
“I think that might be a good idea. Also, I want you to note the exact location of everything being stowed.” 
Then I hear a man yell, “Aye, captain, we’ve loaded all the cargo; you want me to seal the covers?”
“No, thank you. We’ll be bringing on additional supplies tomorrow, and we may need to get down below. Just rest the covers over the openings so nobody will fall in,” Mister Dalton answers.
“Why did that man call you ‘captain’?”
“He’s got a big mouth, and he’s a jerk. He doesn’t know any better. He’s never gone to sea; you will recall we know his kind as ‘landlubbers,’” Mister Dalton says with a smile.
Both Mister Dalton and I scurry up the ladder as the dock workers raise one of the hatch covers slowly. Mister Dalton grabs me by my collar and pulls me up onto the deck as the cover begins swinging over the gaping hole to be gently lowered into place.
Mister Dalton crosses the deck and knocks on the captain’s door.
“Enter” is heard, so Mister Dalton pushes the door open and enters the cabin with me in tow. “We’re as snug as a bug in a rug, captain. All hatches are covered but not lashed down.”
“Good. I don’t want any wharf-rat to touch my hatch covers. Our crew will do that once we’re underway,” the captain mutters to himself.
Charts surround the captain and cover the entire large table where the captain plots our course from London to Saint Petersburg.
“So, Master Tracy, how was your first day on the job? Did you learn anything?” the captain asks jokingly.
“Oh, yes sir, I learned a lot.”
“You did? Then why don’t you tell me what you learned?”
I try to look as knowledgeable as possible and state with great authority, “Well, if you want something done correctly, then you have to do it yourself. If you don’t want to capsize, you had better get the center of gravity as low as possible.”
“Mister Dalton, I would say you did an excellent job brainwashing this poor boy on the importance of loading a ship, at least the key points,” the captain says with a straight face.
“Is anyone on board?” a voice cries from the other side of the captain’s door.
“Patrick, go see who it is,” the captain orders. I turn and race to the door. I find Mister Warner on deck where he’s checking the tops of the masts.
“Are my uniforms ready?” I ask.
“Yes. Is your captain available?” Mister Warner asks.
“Please come this way,” I say as I open the door and beckon the tailor to enter the cabin.
As Mister Warner enters, I say, “It’s the tailor, and he has my uniforms ready.”
“Good, let’s have a look,” the captain answers as he gets up from behind his desk, walks over to the tailor, and shakes his hand. The tailor opens his neatly tied bundle and lays out the crisp, new uniforms on top of the charts.
“Patrick, try these clothes; we want to see how they fit,” the captain orders.
I’m ecstatic about putting on real sailor pants. This is going to be so great, but there’s a slight problem: “The pant legs are too wide at the bottom; they flop all about,” I complain. 
“Those legs are just fine,” Mister Warner points out. “They’re wide so, if need be, you can remove your pants in the water and they’ll pass over your shoes or boots so you won’t drown.” Mister Dalton nods.
There’s a large flap hanging from the front of my pants, too. Many buttons ring both sides and the top of the opening. Mister Warner adjusts the waistband and then buttons the two top corner buttons to see if the waist fits properly. Mister Warner says, “These tabs can be used to readjust the waist size as the lad grows.” He then lets the tabs out to show there’s plenty of room as the pants fall all the way down to my ankles.
“That looks very good,” the captain says approvingly.
“The lad wants to wear his pants high on his waist, and as he grows you can let the cuffs down,” the tailor suggests.
“Patrick, try the shirt,” the captains orders.
I take the shirt from Mister Warner and slip it over my head. The shirt hangs almost straight down and extends past my waist by about six inches.
“Patrick, you’re a fine looking lad in that outfit,” the captain says, obviously pleased. 
“I made the shirt slightly too large for the lad so he has plenty of room for growth,” the tailor points out.
“Patrick, with your fair hair, your bright blue eyes, and that uniform, all the girls in Boston will fall in love with you!” Mister Dalton says. Then he laughs as my face turns scarlet.
“I don’t want any girl to fall in love with me. I don’t need any girls,” I say, but I feel giddy. These uniforms are so neat. I’m very pleased. Meanwhile, all three adults roar with laughter.
“Patrick, try on the winter jacket over your uniform. I want to make sure it fits as well,” the captain orders.
After I finish trying on all the uniforms, the captain thanks the tailor and pays him for his work. As Mister Warner descends the gangway, the cobbler approaches the ship. “Well, well, well, here comes Mister Hitz’s apprentice!” the captain exclaims.  
The cobbler comes on deck and conducts his business atop the main hatch cover. The shiny black shoes fit fine; there’s room for my feet to grow about an inch. But what really catches my fancy are the sea boots; they’re going to make me look like a real old salt. There’s only one slight problem: As I walk around the deck, the left boot pinches my heel, and it hurts.
“I detect a problem with the left boot. Why are you limping, Patrick?” the captain asks.
“The boot is pinching my heel. It hurts to walk.” 
“Take the boots back and see what you can do about stretching both heels. We can’t have boots that don’t fit properly.”
“When do you sail, captain?”	
“Tomorrow on the high tide, if the wind is favorable.”
“Yes, sir, I’ll be back before noon with these boots. I can stretch them back at the shop. Mister Hitz asked that I give you his very best, and he hopes to see you on your return to Boston.”
“Tell Mister Hitz I look forward to seeing him once again as well.” 
“Patrick, take off your uniform and put everything in your locker,” the captain instructs. 
“Please, may I keep wearing this uniform, please?” 
“I think Mrs. Dalton would like to see Patrick in his uniform,” Mister Dalton interjects on my behalf.
“Mister Dalton is nothing more than an old softy; I guess it’s all right, but don’t you get that uniform dirty, young man!” the captain smiles.
I race off to put my clothes away. As I reach the cabin door I hear Mister Dalton say, “I don’t think I’ve seen that boy as happy as he is right now.”
“I think you’re right.”

The Dalton’s house is small, a modest, dark clapboard house with white trimmed windows. It’s a one-and-a-half story home on Back Street near the intersection of Prince Street, and it overlooks Mill Pond and the Back Bay. Beneath each leaded window a flower box hangs full of bright colors glowing in the rays of the setting sun.
I follow the captain through the front door as he enters the small house; we’re engulfed with wonderful smells of savory foods. No sooner has the captain entered the front parlor than Mrs. Dalton enters the front room with exuberance. “Welcome! Welcome! Please come right in. It’s so good to see you again, Captain Hathaway.”
Mrs. Dalton is the same size as Aunt Mary, built for comfort, but she’s much friendlier. Both Mrs. Dalton and Aunt Mary keep their hair in a neatly braided bun at their neck. I sense that Mrs. Dalton is kind. She quickly turns to me and says, “And you must be Master Tracy.” She then grabs me by my shoulders and gives me a bear hug that almost smothers me. She lets go at the critical moment before I pass out from lack of oxygen.
Oh my Lord, she’s a hugger and a squeezer, just like all the neighbors back home; that behavior drove me crazy there, and it’s driving me crazy here, too. 
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Dalton,” I reply with a big smile.
“I’ve got to go back to the kitchen, and you’re coming with me. I have some goodies out there just waiting for you.” She grabs my hand and drags me to the kitchen. A pile of warm butterscotch cookies sit on the kitchen table. 
“There, you eat some cookies while I get Emily,” she orders.
I take one small cookie, to be polite, and find it to be delicious. It melts in my mouth, so I take two more. I don’t think Cookie could ever make anything as good as these.
I glance about the kitchen and notice it’s similar to Mama’s back in Wexford. There is a large stone fireplace with a huge iron kettle hanging from a chain that’s attached to a swing bar. It also looks as if a large kettle is simmering with hot water. Along the side wall hang sugar cutters, waffle irons, toasting racks, and many copper pots and pans. A butter churn stands in a corner. In the center of the room is the large dining table with chairs pushed in around three sides. On the opposite wall is a large cupboard with plates, cups, and eating utensils. Overhead, sacks of potatoes, onions, turnips, squash, and other food stock hang from pegs. A box of firewood is off to one side.
“Emily, we have company. Please bring Jason and Beth with you.”
“Yes, mother, we’ll be right down,” a voice calls back from upstairs.
It looks as if Mr. and Mrs. Dalton have their bedroom off the kitchen, behind the sitting room. This really is a small house; it consists of three rooms, an attic, and two small storage rooms behind the kitchen, one on either side of the back door.
“My, let me take a look at you,” Mrs. Dalton says to me. “Do you know you are the most handsome young man I’ve seen in a long time? Your parents must have been very proud of you.”
“They were, thank you.” I have a feeling that Mister Dalton has done some talking in advance of my arrival.
“Who had those beautiful eyes and fair hair?”
“Both of my parents had blue eyes, and my mother had light, wavy hair.” I really don’t like to talk about my parents. It still hurts me to think of them in such detail, and I don’t think it’s anyone’s business, although I know people are just trying to be polite.
There’s a scuffing noise on the stairs as I watch Emily descend one step at a time as she helps her much younger brother and sister.
“Emily, say hello to Patrick,” Mrs. Dalton says.
Just then the two little ones scream, “Kiekie, kiekie!” as they stretch their hands toward the pile of cookies.
A funny feeling develops in my stomach. For some reason I cannot take my eyes off Emily. Her hair is shiny black, and her eyes are a bright blue. She’s slightly taller than I am, but she’s just as slender, and I like the yellow ribbon in her hair.
Mrs. Dalton watches Emily and me as we gaze at one another from across the kitchen as she works over the meal.
“Children, go to your father and say hello to Captain Hathaway.”
Obediently, Emily takes her siblings’ hands and leads them toward the parlor as I follow.
“Emily Dalton, just look at you; you’ve grown at least a foot since the last time I saw you,” the captain exclaims.
Both Mister Dalton and Emily wear huge smiles in response.
“This little one is Jason, and Beth is over there,” Mister Dalton tells the captain.
“Emily, can you and Patrick please come here and help with the meal?” Mrs. Dalton asks from the kitchen.
“Yes, mother, right away,” Emily answers.
“What do you do on the Edith B?” Emily asks.
“I’m the captain’s cabin boy, and I’m an apprentice.” 
“What does a cabin boy do?”
“I take care of the captain’s cabin and do whatever he and your father tell me to do.” 
“What does an apprentice do?”
“It’s like going to school. I have to study all about ships and how they operate, things like that.” 
“How can you study about ships and how they operate? You have to be able to read.”
“I know how to read and write, and I can work mathematical problems.” 
“You know how to read and write?” Emily asks in an astonished tone.
“Yes, my mother and father taught me.”
“I don’t know how to read. Can you write as well as you can read?”
I love the way she talks in such a sweet, soft voice with a slight Irish brogue.
Emily looks at me for a moment and says, “I wish I could read and write.”
“Well,” Mrs. Dalton replies, “someday you might be able to if you put your mind and heart into it, Emily, dear. Unfortunately, I don’t know how to read, and your father is always away so much it makes it very difficult for you to learn.”
I feel sorry for Emily and say, “I would be happy to teach you; it’s not very hard.”
“But it looks hard.” 
“It may, but it isn’t once you know the rules. You first have to learn the letters and the sounds each one makes, then you just put things together and words come out.” 
“Maybe, if it’s all right with your parents and the captain, maybe I can teach you once we return from this voyage,” 
“I think that would be a wonderful idea,” Mrs. Dalton says. “Now Emily, please tell your father that dinner is being served.”

“The Dalton’s are nice people, aren’t they,” I say.
“Yes, Patrick, they’re wonderful people,” the captain says, “and we’re lucky to have Mister Dalton as our first mate. He’s a special person who, as you can see, is a gentleman. Mister Dalton also is most capable and can keep order on any ship.”
“Can he punch people really hard?”
The captain looks at me and laughs. “Yes, he can punch people very hard if need be. Now, I have a question for you. It looked as if you and Emily got along fairly well.” The captain gave me a nudge with his elbow.
“I like Emily. I’ve never talked with a girl before.”
“I think you made a big impression, especially when you said you could read and write. I think she likes you a lot.”
“Really? Will I be able to see Emily tomorrow?”
“I’ll do better than that. I’ll let the Dalton’s come on board so you can talk with Emily.”
“That would be great.”
“Yes, Patrick, I will allow that even though it’s against my standing orders.”
The next morning the captain shouts, “Wake up, you lazy sack of bones! We’ve a busy day ahead of us!” I’m still dead asleep, so the captain picks me up and dumps me on the floor. I scramble about gathering my wits, quickly wash off in the seawater, and then rinse with fresh water.
When I return the captain orders, “Put on the uniform you wore last night; that uniform will be your daily work clothes.”
I do as instructed.
“I want you to save one uniform that will be worn only for special occasions.” 
“Yes, sir,” and then I go about my daily duties of cleaning the cabin. Once I’m finished I enter the quarterdeck in time to see Cookie approaching the ship with his sea chest on his shoulder.
“It’s about time you got here, ya landlubber,” the captain snarls at Cookie.
“Oh, captain, I can tell ya I had a wonderful layover, and da top of the mornin’ to ya,” Cookie replies with his toothless smile.
“Stow your gear on board, mister; there’s much work to be done,” the captain growls.
“Captain, ya’r doin’ a fine job of getting’ ready for da new crew,” Cookie says as he hustles up the gangway.
“Show these men where all food stocks are to be stowed,” the captain orders as Cookie steps onto the main deck.
“Yes, sir, give me five minutes, if ya please, sir.” 
The captain descends the gangway and talks with the head of the dockworkers before returning to the ship. He climbs to the quarterdeck and tells me to stay out of the way. I move to the chart house and take some paper and a quill to work on making an alphabet sheet with sounds and pictures for every word. It takes me about an hour, but I’m pleased with my work.
The captain sticks his head in through the chart house doorway and says, “Patrick, polish the ship’s bell, please.”
I gather the polish and some old rags, and then I remove the bell from its perch next to the helmsman’s wheel. Just as I’m about to start, the captain passes by and snaps, “Put a cloth over your lap so the polish won’t ruin your uniform when you spill!”
This had been a minor oversight on my part, and much to my relief I obeyed the captain because, about halfway through the process, I spilled a small amount, but it would have made a bad stain on my uniform pants.
Cookie is a slave driver as he orders the dockworkers about. He instructs them where each bag, box, sack, and barrel is to be stored. It takes Cookie until noon to finish the job, much to the relief of the dockworkers.
The captain leaves the ship and visits Mister Clarke’s office one last time. He has to make arrangements for the arrival of the ship’s petty cash. He also needs the ship’s documents, including the manifest, before the Edith B sets sail.
As I finish my polishing, Mister Dalton comes aboard and asks for the captain. Mister Dalton goes back to the dock, brings his belongings on board, and stows them in his cabin. Most of Mister Dalton’s gear was left on board during the ship’s layover. He had his area under lock and key so I couldn’t get a look at it.
“Well, that’s a big improvement,” Mister Dalton says as he comes to inspect what I’m doing.
“Thank you, and thank you for giving me a nice time last night.”
”Patrick, you’re welcome in our home anytime. We enjoyed your company, and I thank you for coming.”
“I don’t know, but I think the captain might be a bit grumpy this morning.”
“The captain grumpy? No, he’s not grumpy. He’s just getting ready to set sail. You see, Patrick, we’re starting out with new crew members, and they don’t know how we want things done. If we start by being very demanding from the beginning, then the men can learn quickly what’s expected of them.”
“Is that why he is so cross with Cookie?”
“Cookie, no, the captain always greets Cookie as if he’s a no good landlubber; that’s because the captain likes Cookie, and Cookie knows he’s a valuable member of our crew. Cookie understands what’s going on.”
“Now, Patrick, this is important. When the crew comes on board, just before we cast off, the captain will give a little talk. He will lay down the law in plain English: I want you to pay attention, because this will be part of your training, understand?”
“What happens if you have a problem that can’t be corrected?” 
“This is part of what the captain will tell the crew, so you listen closely.”
“Mister Dalton, I made a letter sheet for Emily. May I give it to her if she comes aboard?” 
“She wouldn’t miss saying good-bye, and the captain has given permission for my family to come aboard, so yes, you will be able to give her your sheet.”
“Thank you, Mister Dalton.”
“You like her, don’t you?”
“Yes, sir. I’ve never talked with a girl before.”
“Well, I think Emily likes you, too,” Mister Dalton says with a smile.
“What am I to call you: sir or Mister Dalton?”
“You may call me either, whatever you feel is appropriate; Mrs. Dalton and I feel as if you are part of our family already.”
“Thank you, sir.”
“What orders did the captain give you, Patrick?”
“He told me to stay here and not to get in the way.”
Mister Dalton picks up the ship’s bell and says, “This bell hasn’t looked like that for a long time; you did a good job. Now why don’t you come with me, and you can see what I do.” 
I follow him to the lowest point in the ship where the ballast rocks are. Mister Dalton pulls an inspection plank up to inspect the bilge.
“Look at all that water,” I say. “Where did it come from?” 
“That’s nothing to worry about,” Mr. Dalton assures me. “The ship is fully loaded, and the ship’s planks need to swell some. Then we will be as dry as we were on the last voyage. This will happen as soon as the Edith B gets underway.” Mister Dalton replaces the inspection plank. “Now we have to check every tie-down to ensure they are secure.” 
I’m trying hard not to get my uniform dirty, but the smell of dried fish is so strong and mixed with the smells of the bilge that the stink is so bad I’m afraid I’m going to be sick to my stomach. There’s no fresh air this far below deck. I follow in silence, hoping I’m not going to throw up all over my new uniform.
“You’re awful quiet; are you all right?” Mister Dalton asks as he holds the lamp closer to my face. “You look green around the gills, boy. You’re not going to throw up, are you?”
“I hope not,” I whisper weakly.
“Breathe through your mouth. Don’t use your nose. That way you won’t smell anything.” 
I follow Mister Dalton to the upper level, and not one word is spoken as he inspects the cargo. He pulls and tugs on every tie-down rope, ensuring there is no slack in any of them.
Finally, when I step on the main deck, I enjoy breathing clean air like never before. All I can do is gulp it in.
“Well, how did you like it down there? I thought you were going to throw up for sure.”
I give him a foul look. “I didn’t like it at all, and if you hadn’t told me to breathe through my mouth, I would have thrown up all over your cargo!”
“Dried fish has a pungent odor, and in an enclosed space it can be overpowering. One thing you know now is how to handle almost any bad smell.”
A sailor stands on the deck near the gangway looking lost; when he spies Mister Dalton he asks if the captain is aboard.
“No, he’s not. May I help you? I’m the first mate.”
“My name is Trevor Oliver; I’m your new second mate.”
Mister Dalton recognizes the name because he and the captain have discussed Mister Oliver in depth. “Yes, the captain told me you would report today.”
 “Where’s your gear?” 
“Dockside.” 
“Bring it aboard and stow it before the rest of the crew arrives. Then I’ll give you a tour of the ship. You have a lot to learn between now and when we cast off.”
As Mister Oliver excuses himself, Mister Dalton and I climb to the quarterdeck to survey the activities about the ship. I notice Mister Oliver saying good-byes to an older couple, probably his parents. It’s obvious that Mister Oliver comes from a good Boston family. The older couple is well dressed, and an expensive carriage waits to one side.
When he finishes his good-byes, Mister Oliver swings his sea chest upon his shoulder and slowly climbs the gangway.
“Mister Oliver is a good man,” Mister Dalton tells me, “but this is his first time in a position of authority.”
“He looks young and talks funny,” I reply.
Mister Dalton looks at me and laughs. “He is young, but he has been to sea for six years and is a knowledgeable seaman. He knows rigging, the setting of sails, and more important, the captains he’s sailed with have all recommended Mister Oliver for a higher command. He’s getting his chance, and if he’s a good listener, he’ll do well. Time will tell. As far as talking funny, he comes from an upper-class family, and that’s the way they talk. What really matters is how well Mister Oliver performs.”
“May I ask a question?”
“Patrick, you’re supposed to ask questions. That’s how you’re going to learn.”
“Well, I don’t want to sound rude.”
“What’s your question?” 
“When you talked to Mister Oliver, you sounded abrupt.”
“Yes, I was short with him. Once the crew arrives you will notice the captain and I will be very sharp with the crew, to include Mister Oliver. I think we discussed this subject. We have a short time to shape this crew up. Mister Oliver needs to know that when I order him to do something, he must do it.”
“Is this what you meant when you said you and the captain will show the crew who’s boss before we leave the dock?” 
Mister Dalton smiles. “Exactly, but don’t you say anything. One other thing: If any of the crew asks you to do something, you tell them they have to clear it with the captain or me. Also, you stay out of the forecastle, and that’s an order from the captain and from me, do you understand?”
“Yes, but why you don’t you want me to go into the forecastle?”
“Just believe us; you’re too young to go in there, and that’s an order!”



CHAPTER SEVEN

Underway

A family friend stays with the two small Dalton children while Mrs. Dalton and Emily arrive at the ship and are escorted on board by Mister Dalton. 
“Thomas,” Mrs. Dalton states in an authoritative voice, “This will stay fresh for months if you hang it in fresh air.”
What fresh air? There’s no fresh air where he lives; it’s the same situation I had coming to Boston, and it stinks down there.
She then turns to me with a cheery face and says, “This is for you, Patrick, and I hope it fits.” Then she hands me a large bundle tied with a string. I take the package and open it. Before me was the most beautiful snow-white wool sweater ever. “Oh, thank you so much! This sweater is beautiful!” I quickly pull it over my head to see if it fits, and I can feel my body respond immediately to its warming capacity.
“Well, it’s a bit too large, but that’s good. You can grow into it,” Mrs. Dalton says with delight. “Emily, give Patrick your present.” 
Emily hands me a much smaller package that contains a pair of woolen mittens. “I knitted them myself from the wool left over from the sweater. I hope you like them.”
“I like them very much, but if you’ll please excuse me, I have to get something I made for you.”
I race to the captain’s cabin, grab my sheets of paper, and return to the main deck in less than a minute.
“Emily, I made this for you,” and I hand her the sheets of paper as I explain, “This is the alphabet, and I’ve given you the sounds for each letter. I also made small pictures of objects that contain each sound so you’ll know if you are making the correct sound.” 
“This all looks so complicated,” she answers with a scowl. 
“No, no, it’s not complicated. Here, let me show you what this paper says.”
Mister and Mrs. Dalton beam as I take hold of Emily’s arm and lead her to the far railing, totally oblivious of our surroundings. I explain what sounds the objects represent, and Emily begins to understand. A smile slowly forms.
“If you learn the different sounds for each letter and the combinations of letters, you’ll be able to read. All you have to do is string each letter’s sounds together as they appear on the page.” 
“Yes, I understand, and I thank you very much, Patrick,” Emily gleefully answers. “This is the most wonderful gift,” she giggles.
“Well, I know I will really enjoy your mittens and your mother’s sweater come cold weather,” I reply as I stare deeply into Emily’s eyes.
Emily stares back and asks, “Will you write to me?”
“I will if I can get the letters back to Boston. Will you write to me?” 
“I can give my letters to Mister Tweed, and he’ll get them on a ship that will cross your path,” Emily says with a smile. “When you come back, will you visit us?”
“If it’s all right with your parents, I’d like very much to visit you.”
“Emily, dear, it’s time to say good-bye. You have to leave the ship now,” Mister Dalton says as the rest of the crew arrives on the dock with their families. Both Emily and I look at him with pleading eyes. “Please, may we have just a few more moments?” But that was not to be.
The Daltons descend the gangway, and tears fill my eyes as I watch those kind people fade into the distance. “It just isn’t fair,” I sigh.
A shiny carriage makes its way slowly down the wharf; the driver takes extra care not to run anyone over. Off to one side, next to the warehouse, Emily and her mother stand sadly and watch. The carriage makes its way to the foot of the gangway and stops. The captain and Mister Clarke emerge, then both promptly board the Edith B and head directly for the captain’s quarters.
Another carriage follows and off-loads Mister Tweed, Conrad, and another clerk from the office. Mister Tweed leads the way up the gangway carrying a large bundle of papers while the other two lug a heavy metal chest. Once on board, they all go directly to the captain’s quarters as well.
Mister Tweed and the other two men reappear on deck. Cookie and Mister Oliver set up an impromptu table at the head of the gangway where Mister Tweed and Mister Oliver sit, both with journals. Mister Dalton calls out with great authority through his hailing tube, “Time for crew members to board and sign in!” I gaze at the Dalton family, and they smile with pride seeing their loved one very much in charge.
The sailors slowly pick up their sea chests and file up the gangway, one by one. Upon stepping on the deck Mister Oliver asks each man his name, and as the crewman speaks, both Mister Oliver and Mister Tweed write each name carefully in each of the ledgers along with the pay rate for each sailor. Then each man signs his name or puts his mark beside his name and pay rate in both journals. These two journals are the official records; one is kept on board while the other goes to Mister Clarke’s office.
I have an excellent perch on the quarterdeck to see all that’s going on. I not only have an excellent view of Emily, but a magnificent view of Boston Harbor. Ships lie alongside the quay, and I notice for the first time the great number and variety of ships tied up along Boston’s waterfront. Ships of all sizes and rigs, their masts forming a forest of spars, their rigging resembling an intricate spider web delicately balanced upon the masts.
As my mind wanders, I hear faintly, “Master Tracy! Oh, Master Tracy!” which brings me out of my trance. And there’s Mister Tweed calling my name from half way up the quarterdeck companionway.
“Oh, I’m so sorry, I didn’t hear you, Mister Tweed.” 
“We need you in the captain’s quarters; please come.”
“Yes, sir,” I snap, and I follow Mister Tweed.
Mister Clarke and the captain sit at the big table. They’re going over the sign-in journal and reviewing the cargo manifest, ship’s supply log, customs forms, and many other papers.
“Master Tracy,” Mister Clarke says, “it seems this Green family is not coming to collect you, so I’m asking you formally, would you like to become a member of this crew?”
I beam and blurt out, “I’m so glad the Green family has not come! Yes, I would love to become a member of this crew, Mister Clarke!”
“Well then, why have you not signed in?”
The captain smiles and beckons me to approach so I can sign both journals. My name has been printed with meticulous penmanship. Mister Tweed must have written my name in both books. I carefully sign my name in my very best penmanship.

“The time has come for Mister Tweed and me to leave this ship because she needs to get underway,” Mister Clarke says.
“Gentlemen, this is true, and I have to address the crew; the wind is fair and westerly, so we’ll meet the turn of the tide,” the captain replies.
As Mister Tweed leaves he takes hold of my arm and quietly says, “Patrick, you take care of yourself—you hear me, boy?”
“Yes, Mister Tweed. I will—and thank you.”
“Here, I brought you this. Keep a record of your comings and goings. I would like to hear all about your trip,” he says, handing me a new leather-bound journal as he passes behind Mister Clarke and the captain.
The crew is ordered onto the main deck to be assigned a watch. I’m told to stand on the starboard side of the quarterdeck, away from the dock. I guess no one wants me to be distracted by looking at Emily when I’m supposed to be paying attention to what’s being said.
The captain appears from the chart house looking very much like a captain in charge. He wears his best dark trousers, white shirt with black bow tie, a dark blue jacket, and his captain’s cap. He marches to the companionway and takes three steps down the ladder so he can look directly into each man’s eyes. He speaks slowly: “You look like a fine crew. This is my first mate, Mister Dalton. Mister Oliver, over there, is my second mate. When these men tell you to do something, I expect you to do it immediately. I know as voyages progress tempers can flare, but there will be no fighting on board this ship, and that is an order! I will not tolerate such actions, and if anyone resorts to such action, I will deal with them personally as captain of this ship! Every one of you know what that authority means, and I’m telling you now, I will use it if need be!”
There is deadly silence. The captain stands perfectly still looking at each man; he then continues in the same monotone: “If there be anyone who cannot abide by these rules, he may leave this ship now. If you stay, then you will have agreed to abide by my terms and will conduct yourself accordingly.”
Mister Dalton is about to announce the watches when the captain speaks again: “There is one other member of our crew I neglected to introduce. He’s our apprentice. Master Tracy takes his orders exclusively from me. I may ask some of you to assist in his training. I have ordered him never to enter the forecastle except to deliver a message from time to time. I have nothing further. Mister Dalton, prepare this ship to get underway.” 

I look back at Clark’s Wharf and see Mrs. Dalton and Emily looking and waving, so I give a quick wave back. The men of the starboard watch scurry up the rigging and out onto the yardarms. A line is slackened as men from down the dock take up a capstan, and the Edith B slowly slides from her berth and, with help from the wind, into Boston Harbor.
The sky is clear and bright; the wind is a gentle westerly breeze of about seven knots. Mister Dalton orders the topgallant to be unfurled. The canvas drops, and the sail hangs limp momentarily before it slowly fills. I look back at Clark’s Wharf and see Mrs. Murphy and Emily turning and disappearing into the crowd. The captain approaches from behind me and says, “Young man, your training has just begun. I want you to stay with Mister Dalton so you can watch what he does. Someday you may have to do the same.”
The wind is to our back, so the ship does not have to tack out of the harbor. The pilot makes a few minor course changes to stay within the shipping channel. At the mouth of the harbor, the pilot boat waits to pick the pilot up.
Mister Dalton has Mister Oliver in tow, instructing him about the Edith B. Mister Dalton says, “I’ll be near the deck to ensure you’re all right. If you need help, send Master Tracy to fetch me.”
Mister Oliver acknowledges the instructions, and then Mister Dalton gives the order, “Prepare to set studsails!” The deck crews scurry to bring out long poles with lines attached to each pole. Each pole is hauled aloft where men in the rigging secure a pole to each end of every yardarm. Canvas is attached to each pole, thus increasing the sail area considerably. With lines secured and all sails set, the Edith B is on her way across the Atlantic.

My training starts in earnest the following morning when the captain orders, “Mister Oliver, I want you to teach Master Tracy how to climb the rigging without getting him killed!”
“Yes, sir, I’ll be happy to show the lad the ropes.”
“Let him finish his chores, then show him how to be safe in the rigging. I don’t want any accidents aboard this ship!”
“Yes, sir, I can do that.” 
I go about my duties in the captain’s cabin, sweeping and dusting. I make my bunk, pick up all my items, and stow them so my area is tidy. The captain makes his own bunk and takes care of his own clothes. I bring the dirty dishes to Cookie. Once I have finished all my chores I report to the captain for further instructions.
“Captain, I have cleaned your cabin, and all has been stowed.” 
“That’s good. I’ve instructed Mister Oliver to teach you how to climb the rigging without getting you killed.”
“Captain, I hope I won’t get killed climbing the rigging. I think that might hurt,” I answer with a grin.
“You keep a tight hold and make sure your feet stay beneath you at all times; pay attention to what you’re doing, and nothing will go wrong.” 
“Master Tracy, let me explain how to climb the rigging,” Mister Oliver says. “The rigging will shake, but don’t be afraid. You keep your feet under you and climb only one ratline at a time, and only hold onto the stays; the stays don’t move, and they hold the mast straight. The ratlines do move, and they are the ladders you climb. This is very important, especially on a ship like the Edith B; her masts are very high, and it’s a long way down to a very hard deck. If you fall, you will be killed. It’s that simple.” 
“I understand.” 
“All right, let’s go, but we’ll go only as fast as you feel comfortable.” 
I climb onto the starboard gunnels and take hold of the mainmast’s shroud. Mister Oliver is right beside me as we slowly climb the mast.
“You know, this rigging is really shaky.” 
“What do you mean?” Mister Oliver says in a mocking tone. “You always climb the windward side so the wind pushes you into the rigging.”
“That makes sense,” I say as I hang on for dear life.
“As we go higher, always look up.” 
“Why look up and not down?” 
“Looking down might make you freeze, and then I would have a problem getting you out of the rigging and safely back to the deck.” 
“But I’m getting a cramp in my neck from looking up all the time.” 
“Don’t look straight up. Just look up a little. And Patrick, don’t hold onto the ratlines; they wiggle and are unstable. Always hold the shroud; it doesn’t move.”
I carefully grab the shroud and cautiously move my feet, one in front of the other, as I slowly work my way to the crosstree. 
“How safe is it up here?” 
“What do you mean?”
“The rigging is going up and down.” 
“The rigging is not going up and down. The ship is going up and down as she goes over the waves.” 
I glance down and see the captain is watching closely.
“We need to keep moving,” Mister Oliver says. “The captain is watching us.” 
“The deck looks tiny from up here, and the mast is much higher than I thought.” 
“Patrick, I remember my first climb of the rigging; it was the most terrifying thing I had ever done. But once you have climbed the rigging the first time, it’s a piece of cake after that.” 
“Yes, sir. If you say so, sir.” 
“Please, don’t call me ‘sir.’ In public call me ‘Mister Oliver’; otherwise, call me Trevor.”
“Alright, Trevor; how old are you, if I may ask?”
“I’m eighteen, and you’re going to turn eleven soon.” 
“So you first went to sea when you were almost thirteen.”
“How do you know I was almost thirteen?”
“Well, you said you’re eighteen, and Mister Dalton said you have been to sea for six years; that makes you twelve going on thirteen when you started.”
“I was told you knew how to read and write, but I didn’t know you knew mathematics.”
Then Mister Oliver and Patrick hear a booming voice from below. “I thought I told you two to climb the rigging. What are you two old ladies gabbing about? Now start climbing the rigging!” the captain yells through his cupped hands.
“We’d better get back to climbing,” Trevor suggests. “This is how you climb over the crosstree.” Trevor demonstrates so the captain can see I’m in no danger.
“How far are we above the deck?” I ask.
“Presently, we are fifty-five feet up. Now we’re going to climb to the next crosstree.” 
I look up and see the ratlines shrink to one third the width of the ones we’re on. “Let me show you how to step around the ratlines and climb the rigging as if it’s a staircase,” Trevor says.
“I don’t know; it looks very scary.” 
“Look, if you can climb to this level, then you can climb the rest of the way. Just follow me.”
I follow Mister Oliver to the next crosstree, then I stop for a rest; my level of fear is high, but I also feel a sense of adventure deep inside.
“May I climb all the way to the very top of the mast, all the way to the top-gallant yardarm?” 
“You just hold on tight and keep looking up a little. I don’t need you to freeze in the rigging. At this height, there’s very little room; do you understand?”
“I understand.”
I discover quickly what Trevor meant. It’s so tight that I can barely get my foot between the lines. But Trevor scampers up the ratline as easily as if he were taking a walk in the park. Then he stands on a tiny structure that holds the shroud in place.
When I finally reach the topgallant yardarm, I look down and panic. “H-H-How high up are we?” I stammer.
“We’re about ninety feet above the deck,” Trevor answers as a concerned look crosses his face. “You’re not going to freeze up on me, are you? Hey, Patrick, look up at me!”
I look up at him and say, “I feel like I’m flying forward, then there’s a pause, then I’m flying back toward the stern. This is the most wonderful sensation I’ve ever had. Now I know what birds see when they soar so high.”
“Hey, my little pigeon, now it’s time to climb down. Again, try to look up a little; let your feet find the footholds.”
We slowly work our way down the rigging, being careful to observe safe practices. I’m embarrassed because it takes so long.
“It took the two of you almost an hour to climb the rigging to the top and back. Did you have a nice vacation? It looked as if you had a great gabfest up there,” the captain says sternly.
I can’t tell if the captain is really upset, or if he is just putting on an act, so I answer, “No, I got scared, and Mister Oliver talked me through.”
The captain eyes me hard. “Is that the truth, Mister Oliver?”
“Absolutely, sir. He got a little scared going up, but I think he found himself by the time we came down.” 
“Good. I want you to take Master Tracy back up tomorrow and teach him how to take in sail. Patrick, if you’re going to learn about ships, then you have to do the work the crew does.”
“I understand.”
“You’ll not actually take in sail because you’re not strong enough, and your arms are not long enough, but I want you to learn how anyway. But I want you tethered to a lifeline at all times.”
“Yes, sir,” replies Mister Oliver.
After the captain turns and heads for the chart house, Mister Oliver says in a very low tone, “Thank you for your comment. I appreciate it.”
“I thought if the captain was talking about you, then that was not right because I was the cause for us going slow; I was scared. But I can’t wait for tomorrow so I can get into the rigging again.”



CHAPTER EIGHT

Learning the Ropes

My training intensifies to include all the basics of seamanship from tying knots to learning the various lines and their functions. Mister Dalton and the captain think my muscles need to be strengthened, so I have to help the crew holystone the decks once a week.
This is hard work that kills my knees as I crawl across the wet, hard deck rubbing a holystone in rhythm with the rest of the crew. When that’s finished, the decks are scraped clean until they shine. By doing such physical exercise, every single muscle in my entire body is used so that I ache terribly once the work is finished. But I don’t want to let the captain or Mister Dalton know how much I’m hurting.
Mister Dalton likes to sneak up behind me, and then he gives me a sudden thud on my back. I immediately let out a groan as pain radiates throughout my body at the moment of impact. I think I’ll die right then and there.
“You scared me. I didn’t see you sneaking up behind me.” 
	“What’s the matter, Master Tracy? You look a bit under-the-weather?” Mister Dalton laughs.
	“Well, I was just fine until you hit me.” 
“Master Tracy, I see that you’re an expert in getting into the small crevasses on deck with your holystone. After the last holystone party, I think you’re getting the knack of getting the decks really clean. Your hands are smaller than the rest of the crew, so it’s easier for you to get into the tight places.”
“Yes, sir, but the open space is much easier.” 
“That it is, and you’ve done very well in helping to stone the full deck, even though your arms are not as long as the rest of the crew,” the first mate says. “By the way, you’ll feel a lot better in a week or two. Holystoning develops muscles, and your body hurts because your muscles are getting a real workout for the first time in your life.”
“Do you mean you and the captain have known all along how terrible I feel? That’s not fair!”
I notice a couple of sailors off to one side looking in my direction. They’re chuckling among themselves, and I hear one say, “The kid can get away with that type of talk with ‘the boss,’ but none of us can even think of it.”
Another sailor interjects, “Ya, but that kid’s a gutsy little thing. Nothing seems to scare him; I hear he’s as smart as a button, too.”
“I hear he can read and write, which is more than any of us can do,” an older sailor adds. 
It seems like you’ve become a monkey running the rigging,” Mr. Dalton says. “Do you like climbing to the top of the masts? Are you afraid of going aloft?” 
“Oh, no, I love being as high as I can get. It makes me feel free like a bird.”
“I know that feeling.” 
“Mister Dalton, I love climbing the rigging, but when will I help bend sails?”
“You won’t for some time.”
“But I really want to.”
“The crew has enough work to do when aloft; men don’t need to look after you at the same time. Even if you had the strength, your arms aren’t long enough to reach over the yardarm and grab any sail.”
“Really, Mister Dalton, I understand your concerns, but I still don’t think it’s fair.”
“Patrick, the answer is no! There’s other work that needs to be done. The captain wants you to go to the chart house so you can start working on your Navigation Journal. Now, go; don’t keep him waiting.”

The captain sits upon a three-legged stool at the chart table and studies closely a chart of the Thames River. 
“Do you wish to see me?” 
“Yes, Patrick. In a few days’ time we’ll arrive in London.”
“Yes, sir, I know.”
“I want you to chart every harbor we enter from now on. You never know when you might need a reference manual regarding local knowledge. These journals will be the most important thing you will do aboard this ship because you will take these journals with you as long as you go to sea. These books are your reference material when you captain your own ship.”
“Yes, sir, but how would you like me to make my chart?” 
The captain hands me my journal entitled HARBORS #1. “I want you to start with Boston Harbor; copy that chart exactly as it’s drawn.”
At the far end of the table is the chart of Boston Harbor.
“Yes, sir.”
“Be careful to copy the land mass first, and don’t make any changes.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Make a light grid on your journal page with that thin charcoal. Then make a similar grid on the edge of the chart; by doing so, you’ll help keep your chart accurate.” 
I do exactly as the captain instructs. To ensure my work is correct, the captain checks it about every fifteen minutes.
“Take your time; there’s no hurry. Slow work leads to accurate work; work done in haste is a waste of time.”
“Do you know what, captain?”
“No, Patrick, I don’t know what,” the captain laughs.
“I was dumped on this ship by my uncle, and now I’m sailing back on the same ship to almost where I started. This is a crazy world!” 
“Yes, this world can seem mixed up at times,” the captain says with a smile.
I work on my chart with painstaking care to ensure its accuracy. Slowly, ever so slowly, my chart of Boston Harbor fills both pages of my open journal. Much to everyone’s surprise, I develop an excellent copy of the original chart.
“All right, now draw in the islands, but be very careful to locate each island exactly as shown on the chart; you don’t want to run aground in the dead of night with a gale force wind blowing,” the captain warns.
After working diligently for some time, I show my work to the captain.
“Are you proud of your work?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Good, you should be; now we’re ready for the local knowledge, which is all the important information you need; it’s the knowledge that is not shown on charts, facts such as the location of rocks, sandbars, reefs, shoal water, water where a ship can lie safely at anchor, where the main shipping channel is located—things like that.”
“I don’t understand why we need this information. You said we need to pick up a pilot whenever we enter or leave a port.”
“That’s true, but what happens if the pilot is not on station for some reason and your ship has to make port? What happens if the pilot is new and unsure? Isn’t it better for you, the captain of your ship, to have local knowledge?”
“Yes, sir. I’ll copy the local knowledge onto my chart.”

I sense a change has come over me. I’ve become accustomed to my new way of life. I haven’t thought about Wexford, Uncle Robert, or Aunt Mary. I think of Mama and Da, but only as a loving memory. I have become a sailor, and I am fully engaged in learning everything I can about making a large ship sail fast and, in doing so, I love my new life. I have moved on to face new challenges.
My learning never stops. After I retrieve the morning and evening meals, I serve them. During the meal I eat with the captain, Mister Dalton, and Mister Oliver, and I’m quizzed about everything I have learned the previous week. I also must put to practice what I’ve learned, and the captain makes sure I do all my work. 
I like the quiz sessions because they put me on my toes. Sometimes Mister Oliver becomes too technical, so the captain turns the tables on Trevor. The captain starts asking him highly technical questions. I don’t think Trevor minds, though, because he’s learning, too, much the same as I am.
One evening the captain seems agitated before dinner, and his mood does not improve during the meal. As I clean up after, he commands in a firm voice, “Mister Oliver! I took you on as my number two knowing you had no experience directing men. If you’re to be successful as a mate, then you cannot fraternize with the men in the forecastle. You are their boss, and you are being paid to lead them, not to be their friend!”
Mister Oliver sits motionless, staring at the table directly in front of him.
I think maybe the captain has spoken to Trevor about this subject before. I have never heard the captain speak like this; it scares me greatly.
Neither Mister Oliver nor Mister Dalton utters a single word. When the dust seems to have settled a bit, I meekly ask, “May I ask a question, sir?”
The captain shifts his glance toward me and says sharply, “What’s your question?”
“You said Mister Oliver can’t be friends with the crew because he must be the leader. Won’t the crew work better for somebody they like?” But I regret my question as soon as it leaves my lips. I fear the captain will turn on me.
The captain glares at me for what seems forever, and then he calmly replies, “What you need is the respect of the crew. You earn respect through your actions. Friendships with the crew members can, at certain times, interfere with sound judgment. Does that make sense?” 
“No, I don’t understand.”
“Let me explain it this way; you’re the first mate in charge of a watch; the weather is terrible; it’s in the middle of the night, and the wind is blowing force ten. The temperature is twenty degrees, and the ocean spray is freezing on the rigging. You have to send men up into the rigging to cut a sail loose, or you might lose the mast; do you understand those conditions?”
“It’s not a good night.” 
“Aye, it’s a terrible night. But here’s your problem: Do you send up your friends, or do you send up men you don’t like? A good leader must send up the best people to accomplish the job without regard to who might be a friend. If your friend stays in his bunk and you send up a man you don’t care for, and if that man is lost at sea, then you will lose the respect of every man on that ship. You must never allow yourself to be placed in such a situation. That’s why you don’t become friends with any man who lives before the mast who must do the dirty work on any ship. Does that answer your question?”
“Yes, captain,” I answer timidly.
I quickly glance at Mister Oliver who looks serious and sober as he absorbs what the captain said.
“Mister Oliver, I’m not upset with you, but it’s my duty to train you as I’m training Master Tracy, so please accept my suggestions as such. I think you have much promise, but you need to smooth out some rough edges.” 
“I thank you for looking after my future, and I’ll work on respect rather than friendship, captain.”
“Good, now you and Mister Dalton go about your duties, and Master Tracy, you clean up in here. I have work to do preparing to enter the Thames.” 
I wipe down the table, sweep the cabin floor, and then carefully wash the captain’s tableware. The captain fills his pipe and settles into his comfortable chair to study a well-worn journal. The lantern over the table gives a soft yellow light as it sways gently with the motion of the ship.
“Would you like a glass of Port?” 
“Yes, I would. Thank you, Patrick.”
I go to the cupboard by the entry and notice the ship is listing at approximately ten degrees. All the decanters lean at the same angle due to their rounded bottoms. I pour a glass two-thirds full and bring it to the captain.
“I hope you’re not upset with me for asking that question regarding Mister Oliver’s mistake.” 
“No, I’m not upset with you or your question. It was a fair question. I also think, in answering your question, it helped Mister Oliver understand my point.” 
“I’m glad; I never want to disappoint you.” 
“I’m pleased with your progress. I know you’re friends with Mister Dalton, and you may be friends with Mister Oliver. It’s important for officers to be friends.” 
“I don’t know about Mister Oliver. He seems so different, so much better than me.” 
“Don’t worry about that. Mister Oliver comes from a different background than we do, and he was brought up in a different way. That doesn’t make him better or worse than anyone else. We all can be friends.”
“You and Mister Dalton are friends, I know that! And I regard you as my best friend.”
“Yes, I know, Patrick, and you’re very special to me. But if I have to discipline you, I’ll treat you the same as any other man on this ship. I don’t worry about Mister Dalton, and I don’t think I’ll have to worry about you. Now, Patrick, I want you to take a look at this journal; I made this when I was a little older than you.”
The captain then hands the journal to me. The page he is studying shows a hand-drawn chart of the Thames with all local knowledge neatly penned in on one side.
“This is like what you’re having me do now.”
“That’s correct. This is exactly what a captain made me complete many years ago, and when we go up river in two days’ time, I’ll add any new information I find.”
“May I make a copy of the Thames River in my journal?”
“That’s what we’ll work on tomorrow.”
“May I start now, please?”
“If you would like. I want you to draw the profile of each harbor’s approach to include your chart of Boston Harbor. Label this new chart “Thames River Approach to London.”
Just like my work on “Boston Harbor,” I work slowly and extremely carefully. It’s exciting for me to see my charts develop before my very eyes. I’ve never had patience before when doing any type of work, but as the captain says, “Haste makes waste.”
Early the next morning, as I go about my duties on deck to scrub clean the meal dishes, Mister Oliver approaches and asks, “Master Tracy, when you’re through with your chores, would you like to check the rigging with me?”
“Why do you need to check the rigging?”
“I want to make sure it’s secure and in good repair.” 
“I would like that very much, but you’ll have to ask the captain.”
“Good, I’ll do that,” and he leaves me so I can do my chores.
It’s a beautiful day with a clear sky and a fresh breeze. In no time I have finished all my cleaning duties and returned to the captain’s cabin.
“Mister Oliver has asked if you would like to inspect the rigging with him. Would you?” 
“Yes, sir, I would.”
“All right, you may go, but as soon as you’re through, I want you to work on your journal.”
“I will,” I answer as I leave the cabin to search for Mister Oliver.
Deep inside one of the storage lockers I find Mister Oliver. “The captain said I can go with you to inspect the rigging.” 
A voice answers from deep within the locker, “Good. We’ll get started as soon as I determine how much stanchion line we have on board. I fear we’ll need to change the main stanchion on the port side.
“Why?”
“I think I noticed wear at the very top of the mast, but we’ll be able to see for ourselves once we go aloft.”
“If you want to know how much rope we have on board, why don’t you look in the inventory journal in the captain’s cabin?”
“Because I’m not allowed to enter unless I’m invited.” 
“Well, I can check it,” and I leave before Mister Oliver can say otherwise.
As I enter the captain’s cabin, the captain looks up and asks, “I thought you were going to inspect the rigging?”
“We are, sir, but Mister Oliver is trying to figure how much mainmast stanchion line is on board; he thinks there’s wear at the top of the mainmast. May I look in the ship’s inventory journal to see how much line is available?”
The captain nods and smiles. “Be my guest. We can’t have stanchions with wear now, can we?”
I take the book and know exactly which page to turn to.
“Did you find the answer?” the captain asks.
“Yes, sir—600 feet of stanchion line is on board.”
“Good, very good, now be off with you.” 
I turn and run back to the storage locker to give Mister Oliver the information.
“I’ll race you to the top,” Mister Oliver challenges.
“All right, but I get the port side; you can have the starboard side.”
We both take our positions, and the race begins. We’re even as we cross the main yardarm, but Mister Oliver moves one step ahead going over the gallant yardarm. When I miss a step on the ratlines leading to the topgallant yardarm, I lose the gentleman’s bet.
At the very top is exactly what Mister Oliver said. We both have to hang onto the ratlines that are no wider than the width of my toes. It’s so tight Mister Oliver has to shinny to the very top of the mast by clinging only to the stanchion.
“Do you see that?” Mister Oliver says, pointing as he hangs on for dear life.
“Yes, I see the stanchion rope, and it’s frayed about halfway through, right where it passes through the eye socket.” 
“This line needs to be replaced when we get to London.”
“Will it break before then?” 
“No, not with this wind, but if we get a big blow we might have a problem.”
As we descend the rigging, we stop at the topgallant yardarm where Mister Oliver asks, “Patrick, did the captain say anything about me after I left last night?”
“The captain has instructed me not to discuss anything I hear in his cabin. But since this was personal, I can say I asked him a question. In response to my question, he said he’s not upset with you, that you’re in training much like I am. He also told me it’s fine for you and me to be friends. But the captain has to stand apart for the same reason we must stand apart from the forecastle.”
The two friends then climb down to the main deck where the captain is waiting.
“Well, what did you find?” 
“The port stanchion on the mainmast is frayed badly at the eye socket at the top of the mast, sir.”
The captain looks at me, and I nod and say, “I can even tell it’s frayed, sir.”
“Well, that’s bad, and it’s worse if you can tell it’s frayed,” the captain chuckles.
“You have sharp eyes, Mister Oliver, and I thank you. I’ll have Mister Dalton go aloft to take a look as soon as he’s available.” 
How to change the frayed stanchion is the topic of discussion at the evening meal. The general feeling is the Edith B will make it to London without incident, but the replacement stanchion will have to be in place before the ship leaves London.



CHAPTER NINE

London

The Edith B’s bow slowly turns to starboard and then straightens out on her new course as the pilot takes the ship slowly up stream where the river steadily narrows and the trees grow thicker. I hear the pilot order, “Shorten sails! The river’s becoming congested!”
Mister Dalton yells, “Standby to shorten sail!” The crew springs into action; riggers scurry up the ratlines while the deck crew stands by the lines. Small boats crisscross as the large ships enter and exit the waterway.
Mister Dalton bellows, “Remove fore mainsail, mainsail, and crow jack!” In no time all three sails are furled neatly. As the Edith B progresses upstream the pilot orders, “Mister Dalton, take in the gallant sails!” which disappear again into neat furls.
The Edith B slows almost to a stop as she creeps up stream into the congested docking area. “We’re to dock at Barlow & Son’s Wharf,” the captain instructs the pilot.
“Barlow’s is over there,” the pilot says as he points and orders an immediate course change. The helmsman spins the wheel, turning the Edith B toward a multitude of ships of all sizes and shapes and from many lands. Warehouses line the area with piles of boxes and barrels stacked one upon another all along the dock.
“Take in topgallant sails!” Mister Dalton orders, and once again the command is executed with precision.
“Captain Hathaway, it’s a pleasure to be on board with such an excellent crew. They do Boston proud, sir.”
I notice the docking process is the exact same for all ports; only the people and scenery are different.
“Excuse me, sir; the crew wants to know if they can go ashore,” Mister Oliver says.
“Only one third of the crew goes at a time. I want two thirds to remain on board in case we need to move the ship. Mister Dalton knows the routine; help him put together the shore leaves,” the captain orders. “And Patrick, why don’t you show your journal to the pilot, and collect as much local knowledge as you can while he is still on board?” 
I lead the tall, slender pilot to the chart house as the crew ties to the dock. “I have drawn the Thames and have indicated the course headings, but I don’t know where the hazards are. Will you please assist me?”
“This is a very good drawing. Where did you get the information to draw this?”
“I copied it from the captain’s London chart.”
The pilot quickly points out all the locations of foul water: “There’s a sunken ship here, several major sand or mud flats there, and hazardous rocks over here, here, and there.” He also outlines ever-so-lightly the main shipping channel all the way to the mouth of the river.
“When going up stream, you have to be aware that the current doesn’t push the ship toward the shore,” the pilot explains. “Always steer two points further than you need in order to compensate for the current. When the ship reaches about here, move a few degrees to port by taking this course; it will bring the ship right into the docking area.” 
I mark my chart accordingly and write short notes on a slate so I can write them neatly on my chart later.
“Always remember,” the pilot warns, “the Port of London is a very busy place with many boats and ships conducting business. You must keep your headway at all times; if you don’t, the current will take control of your ship, and you’ll end up in a disastrous mess.” 
“Thank you ever so much, sir. I appreciate this information greatly.”
The pilot shakes my hand and says, “I wish you the very best, and I hope you will have your own ship some day.”
Before any of the crew can go ashore, the ship needs to be cleared by the British authorities. In the meantime, I descend the gangway with four rat-guards and affix the large, cone-shaped device tightly around each mooring line with the open scoop pointing toward the dock.
The Port of London runs along both banks of the Thames with cobblestone streets lining both sides of the river. The port officially ends at the single stone bridge that crosses the river. Any ships with a mast of any size can’t pass under the bridge, so they must tie up or be moored downstream. 
“Master Tracy!” I hear yelled from the main deck.
I race to where Mister Dalton stands and say, “Yes, sir?”
“Patrick, I want you to take this line and affix it to the very top of the mainmast next to the stanchion that has to be replaced.”
I take one end of the light line saying, “Yes, sir,” and quickly climb the rigging. This line is nothing more than heavy twine. This is an extremely easy assignment, I think, as I nearly reach the top of the mast. I cling tightly as I carefully tie the twine as instructed. Once finished I look around from my ninety-foot perch. Below is a magnificent panorama of London’s waterfront. I see all sorts of fancy buildings, some of which look as if they could be castles, while others are huge churches. What really catches my eye is a large warship lying at anchor about eight hundred feet up river, just this side of the stone bridge. She’s beautiful, gleaming bright with long and narrow flags dangling from her mastheads. At the stern is the largest British Ensign I’ve ever seen. I can easily detect the red, white, and blue crosses of the Union Jack flapping lazily in the whisper of wind.
I look down to see Mister Dalton looking up at me. I don’t want to climb all the way down, so I grab a halyard and slide down to the main deck.
“And just what in the blazes do you think you’re doing by sliding down that halyard!” Mister Dalton angrily screams at me so loud that the entire crew stops to see what’s happening.
“I didn’t think I did anything wrong; I’ve watched the crew do it all the time.” 
“Don’t you ever do that again. If you fall, you’re dead, cold dead; do you understand?” 
“Yes, sir,” I answer in a hurt voice as my body trembles with fear.
“What took you so long?” he snaps, still very upset.
“I was looking at London, and I think there might be a man-of-war up stream.” 
“A man-of-war? Do you know what a man-of-war looks like?”
“Well, not exactly, but this ship is a naval vessel. She’s huge and has three gun decks.” 
“You say she has three gun decks?” 
“That’s correct.”
“Well, maybe we should go down there and check her out,” Mister Dalton replies with a slight smile. I’m glad to see that tiny smile. I don’t need him getting on me like the captain got on Trevor. 
For the rest of the day, the crew on duty has to remove the frayed stanchion. Removing the old stanchion is easy enough; all that’s necessary is to disconnect the ratlines from the top of the mast to the deck, and once that has been accomplished, then slice the stanchion at the top with a sharp knife. Then down comes the stanchion all at once. But preparing the new stanchion is a far more involved process because the new rope needs to be strengthened so that, when under extreme pressure, the rope will not break or stretch. The crew works on this project until darkness when Mister Dalton orders the men to stop.
“Patrick, I want you to double-check every rat guard that you put out when we docked; we don’t want any rodents on board this ship,” Mister Dalton orders.
By late the next afternoon the new stanchion has been set in place as part of the standing rigging, so Mister Dalton and I go ashore to explore London. “Would you like to check out that ship, Patrick?”
“Oh, I’d love to, Mister Dalton,” I answer jumping with joy.
“I think that might be an excellent starting place, and then we can get a bite to eat before we head back.”
Mister Dalton and I wander the cobblestone streets with the multitude of mostly seafaring men from all over the world.
“London doesn’t look much like Boston. It’s more built up, and it looks more elegant, maybe because everything is made of stone and bricks. It’s much more crowded here than in Boston, too.” 
“I would say you’re correct about that, but I think Boston is a much nicer place than London,” Mister Dalton says.
“Mister Dalton, why is it that I feel the ground moving?” 
“That’s because you have your sea legs, not your land legs.”
“What are sea legs?” 
“While at sea, the ship is always moving in many directions, more or less at the same time. In order to stand and walk about on a ship at sea, your body has to compensate for all the ship’s motion so you don’t stumble or fall. When we leave the ship and come on solid land, there’s no motion, but our body still thinks there is, so our bodies over-compensate. That’s why we feel like drunks staggering around. Does that make sense?”
“I guess so, but I don’t like this feeling.” 
“Don’t worry about it. By tomorrow it will all wear off, and you’ll be fine.”
We amble over the cobblestone streets, looking at all the quaint shops and eating places as we dodge the multitudes of people milling about as the distance between us and the naval ship grows shorter.
“You know, Patrick, you’re absolutely correct; this ship is a man-of-war,” Mister Dalton says. “She’s taking on supplies and getting ready to set sail. See the men bringing supplies on board through that side door in the upper hull?”
“Yes, but why is that ship not tied to the wharf? Why is it in the middle of the river?”
“I don’t know. Maybe to keep people away or to keep rats from getting on board.”
“That ship looks mighty powerful.” 
“That’s because it’s been designed to put fear into any adversary. There are over ninety cannons on board, and some of the cannon balls are twenty-four pounders. That ship could fire one cannon ball at the Edith B, and it would pass right through our hull—go in one side and out the other.”
“Man, that is powerful.”
“Only another man-of-war would be able to take her on and win.”
“Look, they have boys on board!” I exclaim, pointing toward eight lads all dressed in uniforms of the Royal Navy and standing at attention on the aft deck.
“Those boys have one of the most dangerous jobs on any naval vessel. They’re called ‘powder monkeys.’ It’s their job to bring the black powder from the magazine to various cannon placements during practice and battles.” 
“Why do they use boys for such an important and dangerous job?”
“Because the magazines are deep inside the ship where the ballast stones are kept in the Edith B, the height of the magazine is no more than about five feet. That’s too low for a full grown man to stoop, much less stand up, so they use boys, just like you, who can stand or stoop in the power magazine.”
I shiver. “I would hate to have to carry black powder.”
“If the powder blows up, which it can easily do, the ship will only lose a boy or two and not a trained sailor. Boys can be acquired easily. You see, the parents of poor families are more than happy to sell their older sons to the navy because it’s one less mouth to feed, and each family will be paid three or four pounds for each boy.” 
“That’s disgusting for a parent to sell a child,” I exclaim with horror. “It’s bad enough that my uncle threw me away after I lost my mother and father!”
“You’re right; your situation is completely different than the one those boys face. Now let’s keep moving.” 
“Can we walk away from the river?” 
“That’s fine; we’ll go up this street and see where it takes us,” Mister Dalton says as he directs me to turn right.
People stroll along the cobblestone street lined with shops of all sizes on both sides. Signs hang in front of each, telling all who pass by what services are offered within. “These streets look like a painting.” 
“Yes, they do,” Mister Dalton agrees as we continue to stroll.
I constantly keep my eyes wide open as I try to take everything in. I’ve never been to a place such as London in my entire life. 
“You know, Mister Dalton, there are a lot of boys hanging around on the street corners. They seem to be about my age. Some look like they could be Tommy Hanks’ friends.” 
“That’s true. There are many boys milling about, and I don’t think they’re up to any good. Tommy Hanks is one tough young man. He’s a good person to stay away from. You have nothing in your pockets, do you?” 
“No, I have nothing at all,” I laugh.
“I’m going to walk with my hand covering my money pouch for safe keeping,” Mister Dalton says. We walk back toward the waterfront where we come upon a tavern that’s not crowed.
“What do you think those boys are up to?” I ask Mister Dalton.
“I think they’re all working together as pickpockets. London is notorious for them; they’re everywhere. They can pick your pocket of anything, and you’ll never know,” Mister Dalton says with contempt dripping from every syllable. “There’s a nice looking place over there where the flowers are growing; let’s get something to eat, Patrick.”
Mister Dalton orders a meal of roast pork with all the fixings because we had not had a proper meal for a long time. Cookie does well for being on board a ship and having to work with marginal food stock, but he’s unable to provide a meal such as this.  
“Mister Dalton, will it be all right if I write Emily from here? I’d like to tell her what we have done so far.”
“I think Emily would like that very much, Patrick. When we get back to the ship, you ask the captain if he can get your letter onto a ship that’s heading back to Boston. You like Emily, don’t you.” 
“Yes, I think Emily is very nice.” 
“I know Emily likes you. She was impressed with you when you visited our house.”
“I hope I can see her again.”
“Patrick, I think you will get your wish, but nobody can tell for sure,” Mister Dalton answers with a kind smile.
The sun is about twenty minutes from setting, and the sky has turned orange. The activity around the taverns has increased considerably as drunken sailors stagger about. There’s a buzz in the air as many people talk at the same time, and music drifts from the various pubs.
I laugh and say, “There are so many drunks everywhere hanging onto one another in order to remain upright. Look: They’re hanging onto the lamp posts; look over there—the only thing keeping those sailors from falling is the wall they’re leaning against; they can’t stand up straight!”
“Let’s head back to the ship. This is not a good place for you; this is an embarrassment.” 
As we make our way back along the waterfront, I take in all the sights. As we approach the area where the man-of-war is anchored, I suddenly say, “Did you just see that!”
“See what?” 
“Those men up there; they just hit those two boys over the head, and they’re dragging them toward that man-of-war.” And I start running toward the group of men as the boys are hauled away.
Mister Dalton runs along with me. “I can see they are being quickly loaded into a skiff,” Mister Dalton pants. He’s not in the best of shape for running.
By the time we reach the spot, the rowboat is halfway to the man-of-war.
“You—in that rowboat—where are you taking those two boys you just hit over the head?” Mister Dalton calls out.
There’s no answer. The boat keeps moving closer to the ship. Mister Dalton musters his first mate’s voice and demands, “Return to this dock immediately, or we’ll get the authorities!”
A crude answer floats back: “Mind your own business; this is the king’s business!” Then the limp bodies are hauled on board the man-of-war.
“Mister Dalton, what can we do for those poor boys? That’s not right!” 
“Excuse me, sir. What’s all the commotion about?” an elderly gentleman asks. He’s dressed in well-fitting clothes and looks as if he could be a local businessman.
“Those men just shanghaied two boys about four minutes ago. This lad watched the entire event,” Mister Dalton explains as the thugs quickly row to the backside of the man-of-war. “The authorities should be made aware of this.” 
“This happens from time to time—the king’s business and the Royal Navy; it’s a total disgrace. I own the tavern over there. I’ll notify the local authorities, but there’s probably nothing we can do. Those two boys will regain consciousness with terrible headaches, and they’ll be bound hand and foot as well as gagged. They’ll be held in irons until that ship is on the high seas. Then the boys will be forced to work as deck hands for the next two to three years,” the old gentleman says in total disgust.
“What will happen if the boys refuse?” I ask.
“If they refuse, the navy will start by putting them in irons for about a month, and they’ll feed them only bread and water. If that doesn’t work, then the boys will be flogged. If that doesn’t do the trick, they will be thrown overboard.” 
“That’s terrible!” 
“You’re correct, young man, and you have sharp eyes. Most people would not have seen what you did. May I invite the two of you to be my guests at my tavern?” 
“That’s very kind of you, sir, but it’s getting late, and I need to get this lad back to our ship.” 
“What ship would that be?”
“We sail on the Edith B; she’s just down the way.” 
“Well, I thank you for trying to help those two lads, but it’s out of our hands; we can do nothing. I bid you a farewell gentlemen,” and the tavern owner turns and heads toward his tavern.
When we reach the ship, I hurry to the captain’s cabin, push the door open, and rush in with Mister Dalton following.
“Surprise, surprise,” the captain chuckles, “I didn’t expect to see the two of your for quite a while. What brings you back so early?”
“Patrick just witnessed the shanghaiing of two boys right off the dock by the British navy.” 
“Tell me all about it!” the captain demands with piercing eyes.
I describe, in minute detail, what I had witnessed. When I finish, the captain asks, “Where is Mister Oliver? I don’t want him gallivanting about town and getting conked over the head! Go fetch Mister Oliver and bring him here at once.” 
I quickly descend the narrow ladder way leading to Mister Dalton’s and Mister Oliver’s quarters. As I knock on the door, I say, “Mister Oliver, the captain would like to see you in his cabin immediately.”
The door opens as Trevor stands half dressed, getting ready to go ashore. “Oh, hi Patrick; what does he want?”
“I’m not sure, but it might have something to do with what Mister Dalton and I just witnessed on the dock.”
“What was that?”
“We saw two boys get kidnapped as we passed the man-of-war. It was terrible!”
“What does that have to do with me?”
“Please, Trevor; the captain said ‘immediately.’”
“I’ll be right there.” Then he turns to pick up a shirt lying on his bunk and slides it over his head. I leave to return to the captain’s cabin.
The captain looks up as Trevor enters. “Did Patrick tell you what he and Mister Dalton witnessed on the dock tonight?”
“Yes, sir, but I’m not sure I follow.” 
“I don’t need any of my crew getting shanghaied in London,” the captain states flatly.
“I don’t intend on getting snatched, sir,” Mister Oliver answers in an off-handed manner.
“Well, if it should happen, Mister Oliver, you will be the last person to know about it because you’ll be unconscious for about twelve hours with a busted head. You will be hog-tied and gagged. You will be totally useless for another two to three days, so don’t get smart with me, young man!” the captain snaps.
Trevor stares at the captain in shock and disbelief as the captain continues: “Young Patrick just witnessed two boys, approximately sixteen years of age, being snatched right off the street in front of hundreds of people. I don’t want you to leave this ship by yourself. I want you to go with Mister Dalton and Patrick. There’s safety in numbers. I’ll stay on board while you’re enjoying yourself.”
“That’s very kind of you,” Mister Oliver tactfully replies.
“Is it all right if I stay here?” I ask.
“Nobody is going to make anyone go ashore,” the captain replies in a kind voice.
“I just want to stay here, that’s all.”
“It might be just as well; I don’t think you will want to see where we might go, right?” Mister Dalton says as he pokes me in my ribs.
I let out a squeal and say, “I don’t want to see all those drunks, and I don’t want to see that British warship, either. I’d rather stay here and write a letter.”
The next morning the captain and I get up early for the day’s activities that include finishing the loading of the Edith B, adjusting the rigging, making sure all repairs to sails have been made, and taking on fresh water and food supplies. After the morning meal, the captain’s good friend Captain Blethen from the Inna N comes aboard to say hello and to pick up any dispatches as well as the letter Mister Clarke wants delivered to Ireland.
“Patrick, ask Cookie to get some tea for our guest, and maybe he has a muffin or two,” the captain asks with a smile.
I leave and have to negotiate my way carefully to the cookhouse. Cookie is busy stowing supplies as they are brought on board.
“Good morning, Patrick, and how may ya be?”
“Good morning, Cookie. The captain would like some tea and a couple of muffins for Captain Blethen.”
“I ain’t got no muffins, but I’ve a couple a biscuits. Here boy, chomp on that.” 
As I eat my biscuit, Cookie puts some tea in a pot and pours hot water on top. “Now take dis over to da captain, and the tea will be just right by the time ya get there.”
I collect the refreshments for the captain and return. As the cabin door opens I hear, “This is important because Mister Clarke wants to get to the bottom of this mess. The boy has been terribly hurt . . . .” All conversation switches as soon as my presence is noticed. “Aye, and here comes the food, thank you, Patrick,” the captain says. “Will you get us the bottle of rum from the bottom of the cupboard, please?”
“Yes, sir.”
I go to the cupboard, pull out the open bottle, and give it to the captain. I notice that Captain Blethen is sizing me up closely. I don’t like him staring at me; it’s a bit unnerving.
“Patrick, Captain Blethen is returning to Boston. If you would like, he can take your letter back with him.”
“Yes, sir, I would like that very much.”
“Why don’t you get your letter now and give it to Captain Blethen.”
“Yes, sir, right away.”
I rush to my bunk, pull the first drawer open, and take out my letter. I then return to the table and say, “Captain Blethen, it’s very kind of you to take my letter.”
“I’m pleased to be of service to you, young man. I hear many good things about you. Keep up the good work.”
I give the captain a curious look. The captain chuckles and says, “You see, when someone does a good job, word gets around.”
“I’m very flattered, sir, and thank you, Captain Blethen, for your kind words, sir.”
“Now, be off with you, and climb the mainmast to the top and check on that new stanchion. And don’t you ever slide down a halyard again, do you understand, young man!”
I hang my head and answer meekly, “Yes, sir.”
Once on deck I feel free and scurry up the rigging as fast as I can. I climb all the way to the tippy top and marvel at the work the crew has done in repairing the stanchion. It’s as if that rope had never been replaced.
I look up stream and see the tavern where Mister Dalton and I had our meal last night. Then my eyes drift down stream, and I notice the man-of-war is gone, just like Mister Dalton said it would be.
I look down on the deck and I see Mister Dalton yelling at me through the hailing tube to come down. I scamper down as quick as I can, and when I land on the deck I say, “Yes, sir, what do you want me to do, sir?”
“This gentleman would like to ask you some questions.”
“I’m Chief Inspector Latham, and I’m investigating the disappearance of two young men last night. Do you know anything that might be helpful? A Mister Faulkner, who owns a tavern up the way, mentioned you might have seen something.”
I look at Mister Dalton who says, “He wants to hear what you witnessed on the wharf. Please tell him; it’s all right.”
“Yes sir, well . . . .” And so I retold what I had seen where the two boys were hit over the head . . . “and four large men caught the boys before they fell, so it looked like people helping their friends back to their ship.”
Mister Dalton described the incident at the man-of-war when he was told to “Butt out; this is the king’s business,” and how the rowboat quickly hid behind the warship.
“As chief inspector, I wish to thank both of you for your eye witness information. This time the Royal Navy picked on the wrong boys; the father of one of the boys is the private secretary to His Majesty King George.”
“What will happen to those boys?” I ask.
“Well, you have verified what happened, so now we’ll send a messenger to the mouth of the river where a ship will be waiting with orders for that warship to drop anchor. There will be a hearing, the boys will be removed, and the appropriate action will be taken against all of those who have committed this crime.”
“I hope you can stop that ship before it makes it out to sea,” Mister Dalton says.
“A horse can travel a lot faster than a ship; it will be stopped in time,” the chief inspector says, “if I can get off this ship and give the orders to put the wheels of justice into action.”
A lanky, blond boy of about fourteen comes aboard and is directed toward Mister Dalton. 
“Excuse me; are you Mister Dalton, the first mate, sir?”
“Yes, what can I do for you?”
“My name is Peter Hale, and I’ve been granted a transfer from Captain Blethen, if Captain Hathaway will have me, sir.”
“Patrick, go tell the captain we have a Mister Hale here, and ask if he knows anything about this transfer.”
“Yes, sir.” 
Patrick made his way to the captain’s cabin, and does what has been asked of him. Upon returning, he advised Mister Dalton of the captain’s instructions. “The captain has requested that Mister Hale come to his quarters. He would like you there as well, Mister Dalton.”
The trio made their way to the captain’s cabin and Mister Dalton knocked on the door.
The captain bid them to enter and stood to greet Mister Hale in a friendly manner. “I understand you would like to transfer to the Edith B. May I ask why?”
“Yes, sir. I’m a good sailor and have never be in any trouble—none whatsoever. However, there are some sailors on Captain Blethen’s ship that are not of my type and are willing to do bodily harm to others if they do not agree with what they say or do; I do not want to be part of that, sir.”
“I don’t tolerate any such activities on board my ship; do you understand?”
“Yes, sir, and that is why I asked Captain Blethen for this transfer, sir.”
“I know about this. Captain Blethen asked if I would take you on. I understand you want to learn how to read. Is that what got you in trouble with your shipmates?”
“Yes, sir, they have no ambitions—none at all.”
“Well, I want to see how good a sailor you are first. If all goes well, then young Master Tracy here will work with you on developing your reading skills.”
Mister Hale looks at me with a skeptical eye.
“Master Tracy is an excellent reader. He can also write and work mathematical problems; he will be your teacher, and you’ll do as he asks; that will be an order when the time comes. Mister Dalton is our first mate, and you’ll be part of his watch, so time can be arranged for lessons when appropriate.”
“Mister Hale, I suggest that you bring your gear to the forecastle and get settled in. I also recommend that you don’t discuss this extra study activity with other crew members. It’s none of their business,” Mister Dalton advises.
“Yes, sir, I won’t mention anything,” and he leaves the captain’s cabin to visit the forecastle.
“Mister Dalton, there will be no further shore leaves; we set sail as soon as the pilot is available,” the captain says.
I’m pleased that Mister Hale has been transferred to the Edith B. I can’t wait to help him learn how to read and write.



CHAPTER TEN

Saint Petersburg

The temperature has dropped considerably tonight—it’s downright cold—but the days remain pleasantly warm. I think the weather has been kind so far; there have been no storms, only a steady westerly breeze pushing us along at a steady fourteen knots. 
My daily chores remain the same; I have to clean the morning meal dishes, clean the captain’s cabin, and then work on multiple tasks for the captain.
“Patrick, my boy, I want you to draw a chart of the Baltic Sea just like you did for London and Boston; can you do it?”
“Yes, sir.”
“This chart will take about four pages.”
“Why so many pages, captain?”
“The Baltic Sea is a large place,” he answers with a chuckle.
“Where’s the chart I’m to copy?”
“There is no single chart; you’ll have to incorporate four charts, and you’ll also have to condense them. I think we need to examine these charts together to see how they will fit because two charts are of different scales.”
For the next two days the Edith B works her way northeast up the Skagerrak Straight, heading toward Oslo. Early on the fourth day I’m working on my mapmaking when the lookout cries, “Land-ho!”
“Come on, young man; let’s see what’s going on,” the captain says as we climb the ladder to the chart house.
As I step onto the deck, a giant shiver runs up and down my body. “It’s getting cold!” I exclaim.
“I think we need jackets,” the captain says
As we return to the warmth of the captain’s cabin, the captain says, “Patrick, you’re the captain of this ship. We have to make some adjustments. What might you do when darkness sets in?”
“I see a coastline; I see water; I see some islands, but I don’t see any foul water. The water is too deep to have hazards. What am I to do?” I ask.
“You said it. Those islands are all hazards in the darkness, and I’m going to order extra lookouts with young eyes to be in the rigging to watch for those islands.”
“Excellent idea, captain, and if were captain I would do the same,” I answer with a sly grin.
”Oh, you would, would you,” the captain says as he bops me on my head. “When would you post those extra lookouts?” 
I study the chart, then I say, “I would order extra lookouts here, before we reach Copenhagen.”
“That’s good; we don’t really need extra eyes until then. Now I want you to finish this work,” and the captain goes about plotting a safe course. 

Mister Dalton starts tonight’s question-and-answer session by asking, “Master Tracy, what have you learned?”
The captain sits back in his chair and smiles, “Yes, what you have learned?”
“Well, that is an extremely difficult question to answer,” I say.
“And why is that a difficult question?” Mister Dalton challenges. 
“It’s difficult because I have learned so much; I don’t know where to start.”
The captain then asks, “What single thing has turned out to be a surprise?”
I smile, think, and answer slowly: “I thought navigating a ship across an ocean would be extremely difficult. I learned it’s really quite simple to navigate so long as you keep track of where you are at all times. It also helps to know where the hazards are so you can sail around them.”
“That’s very good. I would not have guessed you would say that,” the captain says.
“What else have you learned?” Mister Oliver asks.
“There is so much I’ve learned. I understand the process of running a large ship, and I like all of you, but I don’t like the British Navy.”
“I was amazed seeing that man-of-war lying at anchor at the mouth of the Thames; I never thought I would see that ship again,” Mister Dalton says.
“I think the only reason that ship was at anchor is because it picked on the wrong person’s son. It helps to have close friends in very high places,” the captain says dryly.
“What have you learned, Mister Oliver?” the captain asks.
“I also have learned a great deal from watching both you and Mister Dalton. I like the way you run a friendly ship with fair and consistent discipline; you feed the crew the exact same meal as we eat, and the food is not that bad.”
“That is the key to success in having a good crew; it’s through their stomachs. The cook is a crucial position on any ship. If you have a good cook, you will have a happy crew,” the captain explains.
“Mister Oliver,” the captain continues, “I’m pleased with the progress you have made in learning your watch. I feel your men now respect you for who you are and not because of friendship.”
“Thank you, sir. I try to treat all my watch equally.”
“That’s all it takes,” Mister Dalton adds.
The captain straightens up in his chair and says in a stern voice while giving me a steely eye, “Master Tracy, I have additional duties for you.”
“What additional duties?” I sigh.
“Since you have such good handwriting and have a quick mind with figures, I’m going to put you in charge of maintaining not only the cargo manifest but also the ship’s supply inventory.”
“Oh no, I don’t know how to do that, and Mister Dalton is very good at those tasks,” I protest.
“Hey, Patrick, it’s easy, and I’ll teach you in no time,” Mister Dalton laughs.
“This is nothing but a conspiracy against a poor little boy who’s totally defenseless on board this ship.”
“What do you mean ‘defenseless?’ It seems to me you hold your own fairly well,” Mister Dalton counters.
“If that be true, then why is it that I feel as if I’m at the bottom of the food chain, and you are all sharks?”
“Patrick, I’ll bring the inventory books to you tomorrow morning, and I’ll go over them with you. You’ll have no trouble maintaining those journals, I can assure you,” Mister Dalton laughs.

The Edith B plows a steady course toward Saint Petersburg as the temperature dips colder and colder. I finish my chart one day out when the captain says, “Patrick, this is a very good job of drawing the Baltic Sea. You have all the necessary parts blending together, so it’s easy to read.”
“Thank you, sir; I’m as proud of this as I am of my other charts.”
“We’ll be in Saint Petersburg shortly. It is an interesting place because the Czar of Russia is building this great city on a mud flat. He’s trying to make it look like the Amsterdam of the North.
“Why is that, sir?”
“The czar believes Russia needs a city that is equal to, or better than, the other great European cities; Russia is a backward country, and people refer to it as a peasant land.”
“That doesn’t sound very nice to call it that.” 
“Be that as it may, this location is nothing more than a bog, and the soil can’t support a huge building; this is why we carry large granite blocks in our cargo hold; that is our tariff to dock at Saint Petersburg.”
“I don’t think I would like to live there from what you say.”
“You won’t; you’ll live with me on board this ship and travel the world, all right?”
“That’s fine with me.”
“There will be some changes with this port of call. None of the crew will be allowed to leave the ship.”
“Why’s that, captain?”
“The czar is an absolute ruler. What he says goes, and they have very harsh laws in Russia. The people do not speak English, and nobody on board speaks Russian, so there is that problem. Most of the workers you’ll see are surfs—peasant slaves. They have to do exactly what they are told, or they will be severely punished, and many die due to the extremely harsh conditions they’re forced to live under. This is not a nice place to call home. This is why none of our crew will go ashore, especially you. But when we get to Jamaica, I’ll let the crew have a double shore leave.”
“Why do people treat others so terribly?”
“It’s all about power and control. ‘You do as I say,’ and if you don’t, they’ll kill you one way or another; it’s all about power,” the captain explains.
“If we don’t speak Russian, and they don’t speak English, how can we do business?” “Some of the educated people do speak some English, and I’ll be dealing with them. The dock workers will rely on sign language to understand what needs to be unloaded and what’s to be loaded.” 
 
I go about my daily routine, and after I clean the evening meal and put all away, I sit down to read my navigation books as the captain works quietly at his desk.
“Captain, how do you shoot the stars and find the horizon so you can determine your position? This is such boring reading; I don’t understand a single word. How do you know which star is what; there are too many stars,” I complain.
The captain looks at me and says, “Get your coat. We’ll go on deck and shoot a star or two, all right?”
I follow the captain up the ladder way to the chart house and onto the deck.
“Now look at all of that. What star am I to choose to get a fix on?” I ask as I point to a sky that seems to hold millions of stars.
“I will confess that, at first, it’s very confusing, but as you become more acquainted with the stars, you will be able to pick out certain ones that will help you navigate,” the captain explains.
I look up, and all I see is a black backdrop dotted with tiny twinkling lights. “Where do I start, captain?” 
“See that star?” the captain asks as he points to a bright dot in the sky. “That’s Venus. How do I know that? Because I know where the stars should be every month. It will take you some time to become familiar, so don’t get discouraged. All I ask is that you keep trying; you’ll get it eventually.”
“Well, I hope so, because it sure is confusing right now.”
“It’s getting cold. Ice will be forming on the shore. The ice will close the port of Saint Petersburg for the entire winter.”
“It gets that cold there?”
“It gets very cold, and in the winter the sun hardly shines.”
“Why? What happens to the sun?”
“The Earth wiggles, and that’s why we have a winter and a summer. Here in Saint Petersburg, the Earth rolls back so far that the sun comes up for only a few hours every day. In the summer, the sun stays out all day and much of the night. I can show you how this works down below with the globe,” the captain explains.
Once back in the comfort of the warm cabin, I get the captain a large glass of sherry and give myself a half tanker of ale. The Captain settles into his comfortable chair and asks, “Patrick, you’re being paid a wage for being part of this crew. How would you like to make more money?”
“More money? That sounds nice, but how?”
“Do you remember when I told you that Mister Clarke allows his captains to carry light cargo in the small cabins below?”
“Yes, sir, I remember that conversation.”
“Well, the Russian writing quill is the best on the market, and I think I can arrange for up to five crates of quills to be delivered to us, but I need some additional funds; if I can use your wages, I’ll let you be a fifty-fifty partner, and we can store the quills in the small cabins.” 
“I remember Da saying once, ‘In my opinion, the Russian quill is the best.’ That’s what he said. Yes, captain, I would like very much to be a partner.”
“Come and let me show you how this will work.” 
The captain then turns his work so I can see it, and then he says, “If it costs us five pounds to purchase crate of quills, and we buy five crates, and each crate contains 1,000 quills, that means it costs us about one-half penny each. If we sell them for one and a half pennies each, we make a very large profit. That’s not too bad for doing almost nothing except carting them around the sea and selling them in every port we visit,” the captain smiles.
“If it costs five pounds to purchase one crate, and we buy five crates for twenty-five pounds, and if I put in only five pounds, how am I a fifty-fifty partner?” 
“I think someday you’ll be a very sharp businessman. You’re a fifty-fifty partner because I need your money to purchase these quills, and that, young man, is all I’m willing to give you, not a penny more,” the captain answers with a smile. The captain takes hold of my hand and shakes it, sealing the agreement. I put my arms around his neck and give him a gentle squeeze.
“My boy, this is the first of many ventures between us. I’m going to steer you toward the import/export business in Boston.”
 “Captain, I like the quills because I think we will make more money with them than, say, a large item like a carriage.” 
“Why do you think that?” 
“If we sell a product for twice what we paid for it, like the quills, that will make a 100 percent profit, and quills are in heavy demand all the time, so we will be able to sell them easily. On the other hand, if we were to purchase a fancy carriage for 500 pounds, we’d have to find a buyer and sell it for 600 pounds, and we would make much less profit.” 
“As I just said, you will be a very sharp businessman someday. You understand how the game is played,” the captain laughs.
“What else can we do to make more money?”
“There are a lot of things we can do; Russian brandy is excellent, and the Russian government gives gifts if a ship brings in quality stones. It would not surprise me if we were not given a cask or two of brandy. We will have to split that with Mister Clarke, but we can sell our share for a nice profit.” 
“This all sounds so exciting. You know a great deal about so much, and I have so much to learn,” I sigh.
“Well, there’s plenty of time to learn it, young man, but right now it’s time for you to go to bed. We’ll have a very busy day tomorrow.”

The Edith B lies at anchor in midstream, waiting for her turn to unload. A Russian official boards to examine the ship’s papers and cargo. He decides that, because we carried so many large granite blocks, he does not want to chance losing any by transferring them onto barges in midstream, so they are to be offloaded dockside. I watch the captain ask a young, skinny official who was about to depart the Edith B. 
“Will you be kind enough to notify the merchant Nickolai Tolski of our arrival and that I, the captain of the Edith B, have a message for him?” 
The official does not display a look of confidence, so the captain slips him a shiny shilling and says, “There will be another when Mister Tolski comes aboard; do you understand?” 
“I understand, but who is Mister Tolski?” the official asks in halting English.
“Mister Tolski imports and exports merchandise,” the captain explains slowly.
The official indicates he understands and descends to the waiting rowboat.
Once the captain has seen this official off, he then turns to me and says, “That’s all part of the cost of doing business, but we don’t want to spoil him.”
“How much money did you give that man?” 
“I gave him what he earns in one month’s time, and he may double that by bringing Mister Tolski here. This is what we call giving an individual motivation to do something that he normally would not do. Some people call it a ‘bribe,’ but I like ‘motivation’ better,” the captain says with a wink and a smile.
“You mean you’re going to give that man two months’ salary just to bring Mister Tolski here?”
“It’s better we do that than not have Mister Tolski come at all. This way we will be able to conduct our business.”
“Well, I guess it makes sense when you put it that way.”
“All we can do now is wait and see, but I think that official will want some more money,” the captain says as he places a hand on my shoulder and directs me toward the cabin door.

“Patrick, since nobody’s here, why don’t you come to my quarters so we can talk?” Trevor asks.
“I would like that very much.” I’m so happy I don’t live down in this tiny cabin; it’s like living in a dungeon.
As Trevor opens the door to his cabin, I’m shocked and repulsed to see such a mess. Two to three layers of clothing cover every square inch of living space. It reeks of body odor combined with the normal musty, stale odors of the hull. To add to the problem, there is no ventilation to remove the foul odors.
I guess Trevor’s nose is numb to stink, but I quickly become queasy. 
“This is a lot better than living in the forecastle,” Trevor says with a smile.
“Why do you say that? Don’t you like the forecastle?”
“There’s absolutely no privacy there; the lighting is terrible; it’s either too cold or too hot; there’s no air; and it’s way too crowded. Other than that, I guess it’s pretty good. But I had to live like that for six years in small, smelly ships,” Trevor complains, “and I don’t need to do that again.”
“Well, I didn’t like living where I did on the other side of the ship because there is no decent air and it stinks.” 
“But you live in heaven now.” 
“Well, you complain of no privacy, but I have no privacy with the captain there. He tells me what to do, when to do it, and how to do it. I hate standing on the deck washing in cold sea water where people can see me in plain sight. The captain makes me do that three times a week, no matter what the weather or temperature, so sometimes I just freeze!”
“Well, we don’t have to do that, so I guess you might not be in total heaven after all, but it’s close, believe me.”
“Do you like the Edith B?” 
“It’s new, and I have a lot to learn, and your friend, the captain, is tough and demanding, but he’s fair.” 
“The captain is strict with me, but I always think he’s been fair,” I agree. “And Mister Dalton is nice, even though he yelled at me in London. Why do you call him ‘the boss’”?
“Mister Dalton lets everyone on board the first couple of days, so he’s the boss, and the name sticks. But why did he yell at you?”
“When I slid down the halyard from the top mast to the main deck, Mister Dalton was there when I landed. He became very angry and said I was never to do that ever again because, if I should fall, I would end up dead.”
“Well, he’s right. I saw that happen to a man once. He fell and landed on the deck. It was an awful sight. I still have bad dreams about that poor sailor,” Trevor says as he shakes his head.
“The captain said you’re in training as much as I am. Maybe that’s why they’re so demanding with you.” 
“That’s probably true, but I have a question.”
“What would you like to know?”
“What happened to you back in Ireland?”
I freeze and go instantly into shock. I am completely caught off guard. I sit perfectly still staring at the cabin floor, and then I start to shake. I finally stammer, “I’m, I’m, terribly sorry . . . I just can’t talk about what happened back home; it’s just too painful.”
“I’m so sorry. That was such an inappropriate question; please forgive me,” Trevor says in a sincere voice. To change the subject he quickly asks, “Who was the girl you wrote the letter to when we were in London?”
“A girl I met in Boston.”
“Who is she? What’s she like?”
I quickly emerge from my dramatic setback by thinking of Emily, and I explain: “She’s the most beautiful girl I’ve ever met. She’s tall and slender with bright blue eyes and shiny black hair, and she has the most wonderful smile. You must have seen her when we departed Boston.”
“I did see her, and yes, she’s a good looker, that’s for sure,” Trevor replies with a sly smile.
“Where did you meet her? What’s her name?”
“The captain and I were invited out for dinner, and that was where I met Emily.” 
“Is she a girl you might marry some day?” 
“She’s the type of girl I would like to marry someday, but I don’t know much about girls,” I reluctantly admit.
“I have girlfriends in most all ports,” Trevor announces with great pride.
I think I now understand what Mister Dalton meant when he said, “No good girl will marry Mister Oliver. He’s too wild and needs to settle down.”
I don’t think it would be wise for me to get into a conversation with Trevor about girls. Trevor might say something that could be taken the wrong way. So I bid Trevor good night and return to the captain’s cabin.
It’s so terribly boring in Saint Petersburg because I can’t get off the ship, and even if I could, there’s nothing to do. So I need to work on improving my Harbors Journal, drawing in silhouettes of harbors, and keeping track of the supply inventory as well as making notations on the cargo inventory. I need to make sure my Harbors Journal is absolutely correct because I will need all this information later.
“I have to master this navigation, but it’s totally impossible!” I exclaim to myself in total frustration. I have to find the “K” point, sextant corrections, the sextant’s altitude and, of course, which star is which so I know what I’m doing. I have to learn this. It’s so very important if I want to become the skipper of my own ship someday. 
Mister Dalton or the captain say, “Oh, there’s Jupiter, or that’s Saturn. Why don’t you shoot Mercury? It’s just over there.” 
I know—I’ll shoot the North Star, at least I know where to find it.
There’s a noise at the door as the captain steps into the cabin.
“Where have you been all day?” I ask.
“What’s the matter, did you miss me?” he laughs.
“Well, kind of, but I need help in learning how to identify one star from another; all stars still look the same to me.”
“Don’t worry about it; you’ll get the knack of it the more you try. Then, someday, you’ll know which star is which.”
“Really, I’ll just suddenly know which is which and what is what?”
“That’s correct. Believe me—it will happen just like that.”

The Edith B is brought alongside the wharf two days later, and the unloading process begins. All sacks of flour and cornmeal are loaded into waiting wagons. That process takes most of the morning as cargo arrives to refill the void being made inside the hull. As I watch the onboard activities, I notice the government official who took the captain’s shilling arrive with a middle-aged man. The official speaks in broken English with a heavy Russian accent, “I see you captain, please?”
“One moment: I’ll get him.” 
I burst through the doorway and exclaim in a loud voice, “Mister Tolski is here with that official! You were right!”
The captain smiles as he strides onto the deck. As he shakes the official’s hand, another shilling is slipped to him, and the captain says, “Thank you ever so much for bringing Mister Tolski to us.”
The official bows and backs toward the gangway.
The captain turns to Mister Tolski and says, “This is my pleasure, sir. Captain Lucas suggested we become acquainted because we might be able to establish a business relationship.”
“I’m always interested in establishing business relationships,” Mister Tolski replies cautiously.
“Please, come to my quarters. We can talk there,” the captain says as he ushers the Russian businessman toward the cabin door. I wasn’t invited, but I follow anyway because I’m interested in what the captain is going to say.
“I hope you don’t mind if my cabin boy is present. He’s also my business partner in this venture.”
“No, of course, come,” the guest replies as he scans me closely.
“Mister Tolski, your English is very good,” the captain compliments his guest.
“I studied for four years in London.”
“That must have been difficult to do your studies in a foreign language.”
“At times it was, but now it’s much easier to do business with the British Empire. So what can I do for you?”
“My partner and I are interested in purchasing 5,000 quality quills,” the captain says, “if arrangement can be made for the product to be loaded on board within three days’ time.” 
“That will not be a problem,” Mister Tolski answers. “And would you like to purchase quality goose down?”
After much discussion, the captain turns to me and says, “Mister Tolski is happy to sell his goose down because he’s about to receive another large shipment, and he has no place to put it. On the other hand, he doesn’t want to sell all his quills because another ship is due in six weeks’ time to pick up four crates, leaving us only one crate.” 
“That’s not such a good deal for us, is it?” 
Mister Tolski smiles as the captain says, “No, but we’re negotiating a deal where we take all his down, and he will let us have all five crates of quills as well, and the other ship will get none.”
“That sounds like a fair agreement for us, but can we get rid of all that goose down?” Finally, the captain and Mister Tolski reach a deal in which we get four crates of quills plus all the goose down, and we pay only half price for the down. Mister Tolski agrees to the deal because he desperately needs the space for that new shipment.
“I agree to this arrangement, but only if we can inspect the goose down and quills before any money is exchanged,” the captain insists.
“I will have my carriage meet you here at eight o’clock tomorrow morning, and you may bring your partner, if you so wish,” Mister Tolski says, looking at me with a smile as he rises to leave.
The business deal is sealed with a handshake at the head of the gangway. Mister Tolski then disappears into the working throng just as the Russian official had done before.
“Patrick, my boy, we’re going to make some money on this trip!” the captain says, and he seems most pleased with himself.
“Why do you say that, sir?”
“This is a case where Mister Tolski can help us, and we can help him. You heard him say he needs storage room for his next shipment of goose down, right?”
“Yes, I heard that.”
“Well, we not only get the quills we want, but we’re also getting enough goose down to make most of the down comforters in all of Boston at half the wholesale price. That means we can make up to four times our money just off the goose down; the quills are all profit. We should make approximately seven to eight times our original investment; that is excellent!”
“That is excellent! I figure we’ll make 350 to 400 pounds,” I say with a smile.
“That sounds about right, partner.”
“Are you sure we can sell all those quills?”
“We’ll be able to sell them; I know who that other ship is. That’s Captain Lucas, that old blowhard!”
“Who is Captain Lucas?”
“He’s the skipper of the Betsy F. He got drunk one night in The Captain’s Room where I took you; he told the gathering that night how he’s such a clever businessman and how he can take advantage of anyone. That’s where I got Mister Tolski’s name.”
“Won’t Captain Lucas be upset with you when he finds out what we did?”
“Not really. He was drunk and probably doesn’t remember making any comments. I don’t worry about people like Captain Lucas or Captain Hebert. They’re only out for themselves. They don’t care how many people they crawl over to get what they want; don’t you ever feel sorry for them. They’re not worth it.” 
“But he’s going to get at least one crate, so he will have some quills to sell.”
“That’s true, but we’ll be in Boston three or four weeks ahead of him. I think the market is going to be full of quills and goose down by then,” and the captain lets out a hearty laugh.
“I don’t understand why we have to pay half the money when we inspect the quills and goose down.”
“Patrick, always remember when doing business with anyone to always protect yourself from thieves; that’s what Mister Tolski and I are trying to do.” Then the captain pats my head as he starts to collect and organize his papers.
Early the next morning Mister Tolski’s carriage arrives to collect the captain so he can visit the warehouse for the inspection. I have all my chores to do, and then I have to study my navigation lessons, so I must stay behind. The captain returns by midday, and he is very excited by what he has seen at Mister Tolski’s warehouse.
“Patrick, the quills and the goose down are the best quality I’ve ever seen. They are presently being loaded.”
“What now?”
“Get your coat on and see for yourself.” 
I race out buttoning my coat along the way. As I hit the deck I see men carrying bundles of goose down up the gangway and down the companionway leading to my old cabin, which is now the captain’s private storage area. Each stateroom is stuffed as tight as they can be stuffed, right up to the rafters. Three crates of quills are stored on the floor between the two cabins, and the fourth crate is in the captain’s cabin.
The general cargo the Edith B takes on for delivery to Boston includes furs of all types, fancy feathers, bars of pure silver, and some exotic tree trunks to make into fine furniture. The captain was correct in thinking the authorities would give a gift of brandy. It was a huge barrel, so the captain asked if it could be split into five smaller barrels; one of forty-five gallons and four barrels of fifteen gallons each. The large barrel is for Mister Clarke, three are for the captain, and one will go to the crew.
“Cookie, starting tonight I want you to be in charge of doling out the brandy—only a quarter of a cup per man until the crew’s cask is empty,” the captain says. “I don’t need any drunks on board.”



CHAPTER ELEVEN

The Big Blow

It’s a cold, sunny day as the Edith B slides down the Neva River. The captain gives me the opportunity to ask the pilot questions about hazards before he departs for the pilot’s boat. Unfortunately, I did not get much information from the pilot because he barely spoke any English.
As we head out to the Gulf of Finland, I watch the crew going about its work from the quarterdeck and notice there’s a problem with one of the anchor chains on the foredeck. The captain watches the crew, not saying a word. He’s letting Mister Dalton handle the situation. It looks to me as if one of the anchor chains is not running through the hawser pipe and down into the chain locker. The crew lays the chain out carefully on deck so it will not get fouled and will be ready once the problem has been resolved.
This activity goes on for approximately ten minutes when the captain turns to me and orders in a very dry voice, “Go to Mister Dalton and tell him I have sent you. If you can be of any assistance, he may use you; now go!” 
“Yes, sir, I’ll be glad to help,” I say as I race down to the main deck and then up onto the foredeck.
“Mister Dalton, the captain has sent me with orders to help in any way I can.”
“Patrick, I think you’re the only person aboard who can solve this problem. Come with me.”
I feel extremely proud. I’m the only person on board who can solve this problem. Mister Dalton leads me into the forecastle; half the hammocks have men sleeping in them. About six or seven of the crew on shift follow Mister Dalton.
“Patrick, the anchor chain is twisted and stuck in the chain locker; you have to go into the chain locker to fix it.”
“How am I going to fit through that little opening?”
“Well, we’re going to have to squeeze you through and, if necessary, we’ll grease you up,” Mister Dalton says. “It’s the only way we can fix this mess.”
Before I can protest, some of the crew grabs me, and grease is smeared all over my body within an instant. The chain locker hatch is removed, and I’m picked up and squished through the tiny opening like a sausage through a grinder. I fall down the two-foot drop and land hard on the cold, rusty anchor chain.
“Are you all right? What do you see?” Mister Dalton calls.
“I see nothing; it’s total darkness!” I yell back with contempt.
Suddenly, a lamp is thrust through the opening as a faint glow of yellow creeps across the cramped locker.
“The chain is all piled up in the middle!” 
“Pull that pile apart so the chain is spread out,” Mister Dalton instructs.
“All right, all right. What a disgusting job,” I complain to myself.
Here I sit, covered with grease in this foul smelling, dark, cold, cramped, clammy place. I complain about everything as I try to crawl about. My hands and knees ache as they suffer scrapes from the rusty chain that’s encrusted in salt, which causes most of the discomfort as it sifts into all the tiny cuts.
As I pull the chain in every direction my body starts to shake uncontrollably. It’s so cold in here. I finally make some progress as I pry, pull, and tug with all my strength to get the chain untangled. I just want to get out of here.
“Patrick, come over here and get this grease,” Mister Dalton orders. “I want you to smear as much grease over as much chain as you can.” 
“Yes, sir,” and I crawl carefully to the opening.
A gallon bucket of grease is placed in my trembling hands. “Go to the chain pipe and start there. Work your way backward on the chain.” 
I take the grease, put a glob in my hands and slide my hands over the chain. This is such a disgusting job, and it’s so slippery it’s hard for me to move about. I continue until there is no more grease left in the bucket; I then call out, “I’m too cold. I want outta here now.”
“You’re doing a great job; just keep it up,” Mister Dalton yells back.
I crawl over to the hatch opening and call out, “I have put all the grease over the chain,” and I hand the empty grease bucket out. Then I stick my arms through the opening followed by my head and shoulders. Then I wiggle the rest of my body out as two of the crew members grab me tightly so they won’t drop me. I’m then plopped onto the deck.
The group of sailors gathered about roar with laughter at the sight of me. I’m totally covered with grease, my hair is matted to my skull, and my body glows a strange red in the dim light.
“Hey, boy, did ya see any rats in there?” one of the crew teases.
“Shut ya fool face. What a question is dat?” Cookie spits out as he enters the forecastle.
I shake uncontrollably because of the cold, and the thought of rats doesn’t help. Cookie grabs my greasy arm as he says, “Ya come with me boy,” and he drags me out of the forecastle and over to the cook house.
“Get in dat tub of hot water, and we’ll get da grease off ya.”
I say nothing but do as Cookie says. He then pours hot sea water over my head as I stand up. Cookie then takes a cake of soap and rubs my hair. He does this four times, changing the water each time. Between the two of us, I come out fairly clean. The last thing Cookie does is pour fresh hot water all over me to get rid of all the salt and soap.
“Thank you, Cookie,” I say as I grab my clothes and race to the captain’s cabin. 
I quickly get dressed and immerse myself into my studies. I think I’ll be safe in here as the captain works quietly at his desk.
That’s until Mister Dalton enters about a half hour later and starts giving the captain a blow-by-blow description. When the captain laughs, that’s too much, and I explode. “What’s so funny? You asked me to do a job, and I did it, so why are you making fun of me?”
“I’m not laughing at you; I’m laughing at the situation. You did a wonderful job. Please, don’t take our laughing as an insult,” the captain responds. 
“Patrick, the crew respects you,” Mister Dalton says. “Don’t take their actions wrong. They understand you did a great job under terrible circumstances. If any of the crew says anything, it will be out of respect. You don’t understand; you’re one of them now.” 

About two weeks after the anchor chain incident, the Edith B is sailing at about twelve knots. It’s a gray, cold day with a fine mist hanging in the air. I had been sent to the cook house to help Cookie move supplies from below up to the galley. As I reenter the captain’s cabin, I overhear the captain say, “Hum, it looks as if we might get some foul weather in a few days’ time.”
“I think you might be correct, captain,” Mister Dalton replies. “All the signs lean toward foul weather.” 
“Why do you say that, captain?” Mister Oliver asks.
“For a few reasons, Mister Oliver. First, I noticed early this morning there was a red sky, which doesn’t mean anything by itself, but at noon I noticed mackerel scales and mares’ tails passing overhead.”
“Yes, sir, I noticed them, too,” Mister Oliver says.
“Well, Mister Oliver, those two conditions combine to indicate foul weather might be on the way. Now, if you keep an accurate record of the barometric pressure and notice that the pressure is falling steadily—and it is presently 28.8 and dropping—that is a third reason to raise awareness. When you put all this information together, you have to seriously consider that foul weather may be lurking about.”
“If I were the captain, what should I do to get my vessel ready for the foul weather?” I ask.
“The first thing is to get an accurate fix as to where your ship is. The second is to talk with your first and second mates to determine how to prepare for heavy weather.”
“When do you intend to talk with Mister Dalton and me?” Trevor asks.
“We have plenty of time, Mister Oliver,” the captain answers. “The foul weather won’t strike for another day or so.”
“Patrick, I want you to take your Navigation Journal and copy all the weather data from the ship’s log.”
“Yes sir, you want me to understand the signs that can lead to foul weather.” 
“That’s correct; I want you to keep a sharp eye on the weather from now on.”
“What are the signs of fair weather?” 
“There are many signs such as red skies at night, feather clouds, tangled web clouds high in the sky, or twisted clouds of a dark color, and puffy clouds. None of those clouds brings rain, much less storms. Those are fair-weather clouds. But the most important weather condition to put into your brain is when you see a mass of clouds traveling counterclockwise, the barometer is falling fast, the sea has become calm, there is no wind, and there is a greenish-yellow sky. Then you must take all sails down immediately. I mean remove all sails and stow them below. The only sails you set are your very small storm jibs and a small jigger at the stern because you are about to be hit by a powerful tropical storm with huge seas. Also, be ready to set a sea anchor and have it lashed at the stern of the ship.”
“That’s a lot of information.”
“It takes time to learn life at sea, and that’s why I suggest you put everything in your journal,” the captain answers reassuringly.
I collect my journal and head for the quarterdeck to study the clouds. It’s amazing, just as the captain said. The clouds are very high, and they look as if they are the tails of galloping horses. I make entries in my journal and draw pictures of what I see. The temperature has dropped considerably, and a Northwest breeze is blowing, so I head below to grab a jacket. 
The captain looks up from his work and asks, “Oh, have you decided that it’s cold enough for you to put a jacket on? It’s about time.”
 “The water is about forty-five degrees,” the captain says, “and if you fall into that water, you will have approximately twenty minutes to get out, dry off, and warm up. Otherwise, you will be dead.” 
“How can cold water kill me?” 
“It’s called hypothermia; if your body gets too cold for too long, it starts to shut down to protect itself. If your body temperature drops too low, then the body shuts down completely, and you die. So don’t fall overboard, understand?”
“Yes, sir, I won’t fall overboard.”
About six bells, Mister Dalton and I venture onto the quarterdeck to take a reading of the evening stars.
“Patrick, if we’re lucky, we might be able to get a fix through a hole in the passing clouds; look there.”
“I think I got a good fix, Mister Dalton.”
“Excellent, then enter your information and plot our position. I’m going to have to catch another hole.”
Mister Dalton enters the chart house a few minutes later to record his notation in the ship’s log.
“All right, Patrick, let me see what you’ve done.”
I show him my journal, and Mister Dalton compares the work.
“Congratulations, we agree as to where we are. You did a good job; that deck is pitching, and it’s difficult to get a proper fix.” Mister Dalton then thumps me on my back.
Mister Dalton leads the way down the ladder, and we enter the captain’s cabin.
“Well, how do you make our position?” the captain asks.
“Patrick did very well; we both came up with the same plot location,” Mister Dalton announces.
“Are you proud of yourself?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Yes, I’m very proud of myself,” I grin.
“Well, good, now go over to the cookhouse and fetch the evening meal. This is a good time to eat; we might have to do some extra work to be ready for this blow.”
“Yes, sir,” and I leave the warmth of the captain’s cabin.
The ship’s motion is much greater than normal, and the sky is slate gray with clouds racing by. As I rush across the deck, the ship seems to corkscrew through the water.
I burst into Cookie’s galley, and I’m greeted with, “Lad, ya be real careful out there; we’re gonna get a big blow, dat we are!”
“Is this going to be a really bad storm, Cookie?”
“It ain’t gonna be da worst, but it’s gonna be bad enough!” 
“How bad?”
“You’ll have to look up to see da wave tops!”
With that image in mind, I grab the heavy meal carrier and head back to the captain’s cabin. About midway, I glance toward the leeward rail and notice the wave tops are approximately three feet lower than the railing. I wonder how high the waves will reach.
The topic of discussion at the meal table continues to be the weather.
“What the captain of a ship wants to do is get rid of all the high sails and all the large sails first,” the captain says. “By doing this the ship will not get knocked down in a big gust of wind or, worse yet, lose a mast. We want to take the sails in before the wind comes or we will compound our problems and put the crew in severe danger.” 
“When do you think the big wind will come?” I ask.
“I think things will remain as they are until morning,” the captain says calmly. “We’ll take a look then and see what adjustments should be made.” 

Early the next morning, before Mister Oliver goes off watch and Mister Dalton takes over, the captain asks the two mates and me to gather on the quarterdeck to continue our discussion from last night.
“Mister Oliver managed to get a fix this morning, so we know our present position,” the captain announces. I think Trevor looks pleased with himself and likes being praised.
“We have to watch out for the wind and the sea conditions, so what should we do, gentlemen?” the captain asks.
I notice the wind has picked up a bit, the sky is overcast, and the sea swells are running in neat rows on both sides of the Edith B as far as the eye can see. Occasionally, a whitecap will appear. The rigging creaks and groans under the strain, but that’s not unusual.
“We’ll leave well enough alone until 40 percent of the sea is covered with white caps,” the captain says, “then we’ll douse the topgallants.” 
“That should be about noon, sir,” Mister Dalton says.
“Captain, would it be all right if I climb the rigging so I can see what’s happening from up high?”
“So long as you don’t fall, Patrick. When the wind reaches thirty-five knots, you must be out of the rigging!” 
“Sir, with your permission, I’ll fetch the morning meal,” I say as I turn and depart down the quarterdeck’s ladder way.
Once I complete my daily duties I climb as high as I think is safe, which is to the very top of the mast. The view from the top of the mainmast’s topgallant yardarm is absolutely magnificent. The Edith B charges through the water tossing her bow wave to either side of the ship by at least fifteen feet. I’ve never seen so much power.
I watch as the crew conducts a thorough inspection on deck and other crewmen man the bilge pumps to expel as much water from the hull as they can. All locker doors are shut and secured with wooden pegs through the hasp. “I need to remember all this because I’m going to have to know it when I’m in charge someday,” I tell myself.
The horizon is a slate gray, and the sea is starting to build rollers up to fifteen feet tall that pass under the hull. The Edith B rises and falls in rhythm with the rollers. It’s difficult to determine the wind speed due to the speed of the ship as we charge along. I hang tight high on my perch, and I notice more whitecaps as the Edith B heaves a few more degrees leeward. I turn to gaze at the stern and say aloud, “Look at that!” as the ship’s wake is flat and mixed with foam. It must extend at least five hundred yards behind the ship. What a magnificent sight!
“What power, what energy,” I say to myself, but I hear nothing but the constant roar of the wind.
I look down on the deck and yell as loud as I can, “Hey! You down there!” I look at the crew on deck, but not one person looks up. The wind snares all the sound from my lips and carries it behind the ship and across the sea. Then I notice the captain looking up at me. I slowly climb down the rigging. I have to impress the captain that I’m being careful, or he may not let me climb the rigging again.
“It looked as if you were enjoying yourself up there,” the captain says as I reach the deck. “What in blazes were you doing?”
“I was shouting and singing and having fun yelling into the wind because nobody could hear me.”
“Well, that’s good, but I want you to stay out of the rigging until this weather has passed. The crew is going up to shorten sail, and I don’t want you in the way.”
“May I go up and help?”
“No, I want you to get extra coal for the cabin stove, fill the lamps with oil, and then stow everything that you possibly can. I don’t want things to go flying if we get hit by bad weather tonight, which is likely.”
“Yes sir,” I answer and leave to do as I’ve been instructed. As I enter the cabin I take my coat and sweater off and put them away. The captain’s cabin is warm thanks to the coal stove being constantly lit. I put everything that will fit inside the center drawer of the big table. The coal is kept in a tin-lined box affixed in the corner near the stove, so I fill the coal hog.
I set up the railings on the big table so if anything should slide it will only go as far as the railing and not onto the floor. I do the same for the sideboard where all the decanters are kept. But I don’t worry about the bottles sliding because they all have rounded bottoms that tilt with the angle of the ship. Then I sit and put all my observations about foul weather into my Navigation Journal. I also draw diagrams of what I saw while the information is still fresh in mind.
After my journals have been taken care of I climb to the chart house so I can put away all the equipment lying on the chart table. Everything has its place, and it’s important to keep this area neat and clean. I close the portholes and secure them by tightening down the butterfly wing nuts so no water can gain entry.
When I finish I return to the deck and am blasted by the piercing wind. My hair flaps violently in the breeze as spray covers me, so I quickly retreat to the chart house. The entire sea is covered with white caps, and the seas have risen so much that the tops of the waves are level with the top of the ship’s railing. The ship’s motion has increased, and all of this movement makes the crew’s task to shorten sail that much more difficult. 
As I stare out the porthole, I can see that the Edith B is charging along at a hull speed of sixteen knots. The conditions of the weather and the sea change as I watch. The temperature has dropped further, and I’m getting cold just standing in the closed chart house. This is unbelievably exciting, watching Mother Nature at work.
Both crew watches have been called to bring in sail, but the men are having a terrible time in the rigging because their fingers are so cold. I can hear Mister Dalton scream through his hailing tube, “Slack off on those guys and sheets! Ease the tension so the men aloft have something to hold onto!”
Mister Oliver is yelling through another hailing tube, giving orders as fast as Mister Dalton, reminding the men in the rigging to work together.
“Patrick,” the captain says, “tell Cookie I want the crew fed as soon as they come down from the rigging; I want all meals eaten and the galley put away within two hours.” 
“Yes, sir,” and I’m off like a rabbit across the slanting main deck. I notice all loose items have been stowed, and all unused lines are coiled and securely tied to their belaying pin.
As I burst into the galley, Cookie snaps in surprise, “Why ya here so early?”
“The captain wants the crew to eat as soon as they come down from taking in the sails.”
“Well, I wasn’t born yesterday. What ya tink I’m doin’? Come here, lad; take dis and eat it in here. Don’t want nobody ta tink I give ya more than da rest,” and he hands me two hot biscuits.
“What are we going to eat tonight?”
Cookie looks at me as if I’m totally daft. “Da same stuff: stew, biscuits, and cheese. Ya need hardy food in ya belly on a night like dis. We’re going to get a blow, yes sir, dat we sure is!” Cookie babbles with excitement in his eyes. I eat my last biscuit, say a sincere thank-you, and quickly leave Cookie to his business. 
I find the captain in the same place in the chart house and report, “Cookie told me to come in about an hour’s time to get the evening meal.”
“What did he say about feeding everyone early?” 
“Well, when I told him what you asked me to say, Cookie grumbled, ‘What’s he tink? I wasn’t born yesterday,’ or words to that effect.” 
“That’s Cookie; I knew he would say something like that. When you get your own ship, you want a man just like Cookie; he’s worth his weight in gold because he anticipates and does what has to be done without being told.”
Even though the temperature has dropped further and the wind has increased, the crew has made progress and is finishing off the lashings around the yardarms. The Edith B charges through the boiling sea at hull speed on only her inner jib and Mizzen gallant sail.
The captain and I go to the helmsman, and the captain asks, “How is the helm, Mister Taylor?”
“The ship is nicely balanced now, captain.”
“If that helm gets too much for you, I want you to yell out, and we’ll get you some help.”
“Yes, sir, I’ll do that, but right now she handles like a true lady, sir.”
I’m freezing, so I slip below. I have a feeling everybody is going to be busy tonight. As I get ready for the evening meal, conditions worsen. The waves have grown another five feet in height, and the wind has increased to about sixty knots. The temperature in the cabin is verging on the hot side thanks to the coal stove. An occasional wave hits the ship, making the Edith B shudder as hundreds of gallons of water wash across her deck.
The captain finally climbs down the ladder from the chart house to his cabin. “Patrick, go fetch the meal, and you be careful on that deck. It’s getting nasty outside.”
“Yes sir, I’ll be careful,” and then I dash over to the cook house.
It has become dark outside, and spray is flying everywhere. It’s almost impossible to see anything. White foam is streaming off the breaking waves and gives me an idea how high the waves really are. The wind shrieks as it passes through the rigging. The deck heaves to port as water rushes everywhere. I tell myself to be extra careful.
I quickly run to the aft cargo hatch cover and hold on tight as I work my way carefully leeward. Then I quickly dash for the Cook House door. I’m drenched as I step inside the warm galley.
Cookie takes one look and says, “Where’s ya jacket, boy? Are ya daft? It’s cold out there, and ya can get in big trouble before ya even know it’s comin’.”
Cookie quickly puts the food in the container and then, as I’m ready to leave, “That’s da last. Now I can clean up.” I take the food, but Cookie has to close the galley door because the ship’s heaving is too much for me.
The conditions are such that it’s extremely difficult to cross the deck. The Edith B is heaving at thirty-five degrees leeward, and the wind and spray fly straight into my face. Now I understand what the captain means when he says “People can get hurt, even killed at sea.” I struggle to open the cabin door and rush into the warmth of the cabin.
Mister Dalton and the captain are in deep discussion as Mister Oliver sits by. I serve the meal without interrupting the conversation. Once everyone has finished eating, the captain orders, “Patrick, when you return the meal pot to the galley, tell Cookie he’s to close the galley.”
“He told me he was going to clean up when I left.” 
“That’s fine, but I want him to shut down the stove and ovens. I want no embers burning. Now be off with you.”
I peek out the cabin door, and all looks the same. If I’m careful, there will be no problem. I carefully step out onto the deck and work my way to the main hatch cover. As I look leeward I realize there is a wall of water beside me so high that I can’t see the top. The wind screeches so loudly it hurts my ears, and it’s so very cold. I shiver, regretting I had not taken Cookie’s advice to wear my warm jacket. 
I work my way to the galley, then run quickly to open the galley door. “Cookie, the captain told me he wants all embers put out.”
“I’ve already done dat. He ain’t gonna get nothin’ on me, no sir,” Cookie laughs.
“Cookie, how bad is this storm?”
“I’ve seen worse. Des are dangerous conditions, and I tink da worst a dis storm has yet ta come. Ya be real careful out there. When trouble comes, it comes so fast ya don’t have a chance; ya have no time ta react.” 
“I remember. I’ll be careful; don’t worry,” and I ease myself out of the galley. Cookie says something else, but the wind screams so loud I can’t make it out. The wall of water is now only ten feet from me to the leeward side.
The ship pitches and rolls and is at an increased angle of heave, making travel across the deck treacherous. I don’t like it out here, but I have to keep going. As I dash for the captain’s cabin door, the Edith B suddenly shudders and lurches violently to port, and a huge wave rises up and over the windward rail. Thousands of gallons of freezing sea water cascade across the main deck, three feet deep. The frigid water smashes me off my feet, and I’m engulfed. Instantly, my body becomes paralyzed due to the extreme cold water; my head hurts terribly as I see lights shoot across my eyes. I hit my head hard on the deck again. I lose all control as my body is tossed and twisted in every direction. Finally, I’m rolled and sucked toward the aft part of the main deck.
I keep telling myself I have to hold on, I have to hold on; I need to grab something, anything, to stop me from being washed overboard and into the churning sea. I must have hit every block, every cleat, every brace—everything that’s possible to hit—but I couldn’t hang onto anything.
My feet feel free, but I’m being sucked through a scupper. I can’t become fish food: No! Something feels as if it’s being shoved right through my hip, and it hurts terribly. “Please, please, somebody, help me, please!”



CHAPTER TWELVE

Recovery

I feel as if I’m flying. I hear voices but I don’t understand what’s being said. Heat is radiating up and engulfing my body. It’s as if I’m floating on a huge, fluffy cloud. Am I dreaming?
I realize I am awake, but groggy. I’m wrapped in a warm flannel sheet with hot bricks placed all about my body. I’m aware of the sensation of being rubbed. There’s a murmur of conversation about me that lulls me to sleep.
When I fully reawaken, I recognize the captain and Mister Dalton sitting by my side.
“Welcome back, Patrick. How do you feel?” the captain asks tenderly.
“I’m so sorry,” I answer, and then I collapse into tears. I lose all control for about ten minutes. All I can do is sob; the captain and Mister Dalton sit patiently, not saying a word. When I can cry no more, I whisper, “I’m so sorry for getting myself into such a terrible fix.”
“That’s not your fault; you should never have been sent back to the galley last night,” the captain answers.
“I never saw that wave, or I would have waited,” then tears again well up.
“How do you feel now?” Mister Dalton asks.
“I’m still cold, but not like when I was on deck. I’ve never been so cold. I hurt all over.”
“I don’t doubt that. You’re a mess of bruises, and we think you may have a cracked rib or two; your right hip has a deep bone bruise that will take a long time to heal. Your knife and marlin spike did their job in saving you. They somehow got flipped up, and that is what prevented you from going through the scupper. It saved your life,” Mister Dalton explains.
“I really don’t remember much, but captain, you did say they might save my life.”
“Aye, lad, that I did. But I didn’t exactly have this situation in mind.”
 “Cookie didn’t like you going to the galley,” the captain continued. “When that huge wave hit, he popped out of the galley to see if you were all right, but he couldn’t see you. He knew you didn’t have time to get back here, so he went looking. He noticed water was backed up at the scupper, and he found you there, hanging on for dear life. Cookie and another crewman brought you here.”
“I had a strange dream. I was lying upon a cloud that engulfed me with warmth. . . . But I’m so ashamed of what happened.”
“Don’t you dwell on it, lad,” the captain says. “But I want you to stay in bed for several days at least, and that’s an order.” 
“If it’s all right with you, I’ll go tell the crew that our crisis has passed, and all seems to be well,” Mister Dalton says.
“You have many friends aboard this ship, Patrick,” the captain says. “We all have been terribly concerned for your safety and wellbeing. You rest now. I have to tend to other pressing matters.”
As the captain rises to climb the ladder to the chart house I ask, “Do you think it would be wise to put a peg in the middle of all the scuppers to prevent anyone from slipping through like me?”
The captain looks at me for a moment and nods before he slowly says, “I think I’ll ask the ship’s carpenter to do that first thing this morning.”
“Pegging the scuppers; it’s so obvious that nobody thought about it until it was almost too late,” Mister Dalton says.
“That’s an understatement,” the captain admits.
My brush with death has left me with some jitters and some questions about whether my parents might have played a part in my rescue. My injuries are fairly significant, but I think I’ll make a complete recovery as Mister Dalton administers Mrs. Lawson’s Home Remedy. It cures everything if administered twice daily, and Mr. Dalton will see to that until all the discoloration is gone from my hip, and all the aches and pains have been removed. He doesn’t want my body to stiffen so I become a cripple.
Very early on the third day after my disaster, about five o’clock in the morning, I awake feeling much better. My body still hurts, but not as bad as it did, and my muscles are stiff and very sore. The captain notices I’m awake and says, “I want you to go back to work so your joints don’t stiffen.”
“Yes, sir,” I answer. After all, I’m bored just lying in my bunk. As I gingerly crawl out of bed, I almost fall to the floor. Sharp pain shoots through my entire body. 
“I want you to do only what your body tells you that you can do, and it’s important that you move slowly,” the captain orders.
“Yes, sir.” 
As I struggle to get dressed, the captain says, “I want you to remember one thing: This crew is a superstitious lot, and they regard you as a good-luck charm. I want you to accept this as a compliment.”
“Yes, I’m very lucky; I know that,” I answer with a smile.
“Good!”
 I bundle up in my cold-weather jacket, and as I limp across the deck, I notice a tinge of pink in the eastern sky. I also notice the scupper that tried to swallow me, and I shout, “I hate you!” then I enter the cookhouse to collect the morning meal.
When I see Cookie, I can’t hold back the tears as I try to thank him for coming to my rescue. He puts his arms around me, gives me a gentle squeeze and says, “Ya should never have come over when ya did, boy, but I’m glad I found ya. Now ya take this over to da captain before I start to bawl; now be off,” and he shoves me out the door.
As I step onto the deck, I see a group of sailors waiting for me. They all ask how I’m doing, and each pats me on the back as I pass. I thank each man for his kind words. I usually hate it when people touch me, but in this case I don’t mind.
As I stroll back to the captain’s cabin, I notice all sails are up and pulling hard. The Edith B is charging through the sea as she had prior to the storm, and the sea is no longer in a raging turbulence. Only big rollers pass under the hull as the wind blows a steady fifteen to eighteen knots.

At the evening meal the topic of conversation is centered on Jamaica, the Caribbean Sea, and crossing the Atlantic. “Mister Dalton,” the captain says, “I want the crew to keep an eye out for any privateers or pirate ships that might be lurking about, not that we can do much about them.” 
“Pirates? Are there pirate ships around here?” I ask wide eyed.
“We are on constant lookout for pirates and privateers,” the captain answers.
“What’s a privateer?” 
“Legal pirates,” the captain answers. “They are given a letter of marque or a similar document from their government saying they may act as a warship and take prizes, which is no less than the legal theft of our cargo.”
“Will we see any pirates?” 
“I doubt it. The Edith B is a fast ship, even fully loaded.” 
“We can outrun most ships; that’s what Mister Clarke likes—very fast ships,” Mister Dalton adds.
Our sails and course are set. We’re heading south by southwest as the ship moves quickly toward the Caribbean Sea.
“When will we pick up the Canary Current, Mister Dalton?” I ask.
“In a day and a half, maybe two days.”
 “That should increase our speed by two to three knots once we get the full effect,” I point out.
“It will increase our speed across the bottom by two to three knots, but not through the water,” the captain explains.
“It means we get to Jamaica quicker, correct?”
“Yes, Patrick, we’ll get to Jamaica quicker because of that current,” Mister Dalton laughs.
“I’m impressed with your navigation skills; you’ve come a long way, young man,” the captain says.
“Captain, may I draw a chart of the Atlantic Ocean?”
“If you would like, but you’ll have to condense the chart so it will show the flow of currents and where the trouble areas are.” 
“What trouble areas?” 
“Basically, the doldrums, which are about twenty degrees north and twenty degrees south of the Equator, an area that’s caught between the Northern and Southern Hemisphere’s pressure systems and produces a weak pressure area. Thus, the winds are weak, or there is no wind at all. This is not good for sailing ships; we try to stay well away from those low latitudes.”
I take the large chart of the North Atlantic and copy it into my journal so it fills both of the open pages. I show only the edge of the North American continent, the coast of Africa, and the bottom tip of England. I draw in the Equator and the Tropic of Cancer in the north. I have also shown the edge of South America and the eastern half of the Caribbean.
I also add all the longitude and latitude marks. After all reference points have been entered, I carefully draw in the Canary Current, the Gulf Stream, the Labrador Current, and the North Atlantic Current as they crisscross the ocean in huge, circular patterns.
“You know, it’s interesting to note that the Canary Current becomes the start of the Gulf Stream, which then turns back into the Canary Current. As a result, these currents help push ships around the world.”
“We always sail in circles,” Mister Dalton smiles.
“That’s correct; always think in circles,” the captain laughs.

“The crew is excited about returning to Boston; it looks as if we’ll be back before Christmas,” I note in my journal.
Later in the day I climb the rigging, and I don’t know why, but I start to think about home. “What will I do about Christmas? It was always a happy time at home. This will be my first Christmas without Mama and Da. I don’t think Christmas will ever be the same without them,” I lament while perched atop the foremast.
“Oh no, don’t do that,” I complain to myself as my eyes fill with tears. “Try to think about happy things that have happened since I left Ireland. I’ve seen far off places, I’m with nice people who take care of me, but how I miss Mama and Da. I think this hurt will never go away.” 
At least I’m glad I’m at the top of the mast. Nobody can see me cry as I hang onto the stanchion. “Thank you, God, for saving my life during that storm. I’ve never been that close to death.” I stay up the mast until I get cold; then I slowly climb down to warm up.
“What have you been doing up there?” the captain asks as he examines me.
“Oh, nothing.” 
“Just doing some thinking?”
“Yes, sir, just doing some thinking,” and my eyes once again fill with tears.
The captain steps forward as he pulls me into his great coat and holds me tight. He stoops over and says softly, “It’s all right. I’ve told you we’ll look after you; you’re not alone.”
The helmsman watches silently as he keeps the course true. The captain pats my back as he still holds me tight, making me feel secure once again. After a while the captain suggests in a cheery voice, “Why don’t we go below and work on drawing the Kingston Harbor that used to be Port Royal? After all, we want to get in and out of that port as quickly as possible.”
The captain pushes me toward the chart house door, and we climb down to the cabin. Once in the cabin, the captain gives me a hug and holds me again. “I know this is a difficult time, but we’re all with you.”
I put my arms around the captain’s neck and hug him as we both dissolve into tears. “I know you’re all helping me, but something just comes over me, and I can’t help myself.”
“I understand what you’re going through, and I don’t think your accident helped with all the other problems you have. Would you like me to tell you about Port Royal?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Well, not so long ago, Port Royal was one of the most dangerous places in the entire world.”
I study the captain with a skeptical eye.
“Port Royal was a haven for pirates and other dregs of the sea until a massive earthquake tumbled most of the place into the sea. Over two thousand people were killed.”
“I will admit, as soon as I heard the word ‘pirate,’ you had my full attention. Are pirates still in the area?” 
“Not in Port Royal because Jamaica is now under the control of England, but there are some extremely seedy places, and very bad people frequent the area, so yes, pirates still lurk about.” 
“I want to see a pirate!” 
“Well, maybe you will,” the captain replies with a shake of his head.
Everybody on board becomes excited as the temperature steadily rises. Jamaica lies only eighteen degrees north of the Equator, making it a tropical climate, and from what I overhear from the crew, it’s a paradise as a port of call.
The Edith B has all sails pulling to, including all sixteen studsails, and the ship is making fourteen knots. If my calculations are correct we should approach Jamaica in approximately eight to nine days, about December 7.
“If we stay in Jamaica for only two or three days, then we might make Boston by December 20 if the wind holds true and there are no bad storms,” I write in my log.
“I really hope we can get back to Boston before Christmas,” the captain says, “so the crew can be with their families. It’s hard being a sailor on a ship such as the Edith B. Most of our crew are married and have children. Since our cruises last from four to eight months, this is hard on their families. Also, the crew gets about a six-week break between voyages. It’s not easy being a sailor.” 
“Christmas is an important time for all,” Mister Dalton adds as he enters the cabin. “The crew is driving this ship for every ounce of speed they can squeeze out of her. The crew is homeward bound, and they don’t wish to waste any time getting there.”
“Mister Oliver,” the captain says, “I want you to take Master Tracy and explain to him why sails and rigging need to be constantly adjusted. This is critical for you to understand, Patrick, if you want to be a good skipper someday. I want you to understand everything.” 
During the evening meal I’m grilled by the captain and Mister Dalton as to what I know about sail management and how to get the maximum out of each sail. It’s also a test for Mister Oliver as to how good an instructor he is.
At the end of the meal the captain says, “I want everything of value to be stowed while in port; otherwise, it will be stolen.”



CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Jamaica

“What about shore leave?” Mister Dalton asks. 
“For security reasons, as I said before, only one third of the crew will go ashore at any given time. Our men will operate the hoist and the loading of all cargo. I don’t want any locals on board this ship,” the captain says.
“May I go ashore to see if there are any pirates?” I ask with a gleam in my eyes.
“If Mister Dalton goes ashore, then he might be willing to take you, but that is up to Mister Dalton,” the captain answers dryly.
I snap a look at Mister Dalton. I’m full of enthusiasm and wiggling in my chair, so I blurt out, “Please, oh please, may I go?” 
Everyone laughs at my exuberance, and Mister Dalton answers, “Well, we’ll waste our time if we go looking for pirates because there are none!” And he grins broadly.
In the dead of the night the Edith B slips through the Windward Passage, then into the Caribbean Sea. Jamaica’s only a day and a half sail away. The weather is pleasant. It’s becoming hot during the day, but at night it cools to a pleasant temperature.
I go to the chart house, take out the ship’s log book, and study the entries Mister Dalton and Mister Oliver have made. I diligently rework all the numbers to recreate the course the Edith B has taken and plot them in my journal. I also add the currents that are pushing the ship.
“Captain, I notice that we’ll need to make a course change shortly.” 
“Why do you say that, lad?”
“If we don’t change course, we will overstay this leg, and we’ll waste time.” 
The captain leans over my shoulder and examines my chart. “That looks fair to me. Come with me on deck. Now I want you to issue the proper order.” 
I look at the captain as if he’s totally daft: “Me?”
“Yes, you. You’ve made the calculations and have come to this conclusion, so I’ll let you give the order—if you’re sure this is the correct course change.”
I quickly rework the problem. “Yes, I’m sure.”
“Let’s go,” and I follow the captain onto the quarterdeck. “Mister Oliver, Master Tracy will give the course change to northeast. Please prepare the crew.”
Trevor stares at me and answers, “Yes, sir,” then he shouts, “Prepare for course change!” The crew scurries about the deck to adjust the lines.
As the captain, Mister Oliver, and I approach the helmsman, the captain gives the helmsman a wink, then he says, “Go ahead, Patrick. Give your first order.”
I stand tall and order in a loud voice, “Helmsman, please change course to west.” 
I’m devastated. My command voice was not what I imagined it would be. Nothing that came out of my mouth sounded right. 
The helmsman looks at me and smiles, “Aye, aye, sir—a new heading of west.” Then he spins the wheel and the Edith B’s bow slowly swings around.
“Patrick, I think we’re going to have to teach you how to issue orders,” the captain laughs.
The helmsman smiles as he takes a side glance at me.
I wish I could hide; I’m so embarrassed.

“Captain, were you telling me the truth that Port Royal was the center of pirate activities in the whole of the Caribbean Sea?” 
“Patrick, I always tell the truth. I’ve never lied to you or anyone else on board this ship. So yes, Port Royal used to be the center of the piracy trade, but not as much today.”
“Why not?” 
“Not so long a time, Port Royal was not only a haven for pirates, but it was the largest town in the entire New World. Boston was second to Port Royal. Almost 3,000 people lived in Port Royal. The town occupied a fair sized strip of land that jutted into what’s called Kingston Harbor today. Port Royal almost filled Kingston Harbor in those days. About forty years ago much of Port Royal was destroyed by a large earthquake. Much of the land sank into the sea, and about 2,000 people were killed.”
 “I remember that you mentioned that before, but is there a possibility of an earthquake while we’re in port?” Trevor asks.
“It could happen, but I don’t think we’ll have any troubles. Remember: The Edith B floats, so an earthquake would have almost no effect on us.”
“Are you fooling?” I ask, looking directly into the captain’s eyes. 
Mister Dalton chuckles, as does the captain. “You still don’t believe me? You think I’m pulling your leg, lad?”
“I don’t know. It sounds as if this might be a ‘hairy dog’ story just to make a fool of me.” 
“Patrick, I would never do that. And yes, what I just said really happened,” the captain answers. Trevor is all ears as well.
“All right, I believe you.”
“Now, Patrick, as for your concern about pirates: If you noticed, we have two sharp eyes up the mast at all times, and those men are keeping a lookout for any ships on the horizon. If they spot one, we’ll veer away from it, keeping our distance, so don’t worry about pirates.”
 Early the next morning, December 7, the lookout cries, “Land, ho!”
The captain and I race onto the deck and, sure enough, far in the distance clouds can be seen hanging with just the tops of mountains showing above the horizon.
The Edith B is driven hard, and by noon we reach the entrance to Port Royal/Kingston Harbor. As we round a point of land, a large fort sits by the water’s edge on the peninsula, flying a huge Union Jack. I can see across the huge harbor that the new town of Kingston is being built across the harbor where it’s safe. 
“Mister Dalton, why did the pirates build their town where they did if it’s so unsafe?” 
“Probably because the pirates had no idea what problems were hidden under this land when they first built the town. That spit of land has fairly good water on two sides; it’s an easy place to defend. They had several forts on that peninsula to ward off unwanted ships, and on the inside it’s an excellent harbor to bring ships in for resupply and to make needed repairs.”
“Will you please take me ashore when you go?” 
“You really want to go ashore to look for pirates? I don’t want you to be disappointed if you see none because the pirates don’t come to Port Royal any longer.”
“Why?”
“People are fed up with pirates; they’re nothing more than crooks and murderers. But if I go ashore, Patrick, I will take you.”
“Yes, sir; thank you, sir.” And I can’t help but smile.

“Captain, what do you and all these officials talk about when you’re in your cabin?” I ask.
“Oh, we talk about where we’ve come from, where we’re going, and how long we plan on staying. They want to know if we need any provisions brought on board and, of course, I have to ask them if they would be interested in buying our quills or a small cask of brandy.”
“Are they going to buy our quills?”
“I’m not sure, but I think we might have a client.”
“That’s excellent!”
“Well, time will tell whether it’s excellent or not. The potential buyer has gone to talk with the appropriate authorities.”
As I turn to leave, the captain says, “Oh, by the way, I asked him if there were any pirates here.”
“What did he say?” I ask, making a pirouette in mid-stride.
“Well, he said rumor has it there’s a pirate ship full of scoundrels due to arrive in a day or two in order to make repairs to their ship.”
“That’s positively excellent news; I’m going to get to see some real live pirates!”
“Well, you hold your horses. You’ve got to wait at least two days, so go find Mister Dalton and see what he’s up to.”
Mister Dalton is breaking the crew into three shore groups. He set up a twenty-four hour schedule; each crewman can enjoy a long rest and break from his daily routine. If a man wishes to return early to the ship, he can do so by using one of the ship’s dories as a shuttle because the Edith B is resting at anchor in the middle of the harbor. That afternoon I climb the rigging and join Mister Hale, who is taking in the view. 
“Mister Hale, may I join you?” 
“Please, be my guest,” and he makes room on the crosstree for me. “I take it that you have recovered from you problem during that storm.” 
“Yes, I’ve recovered, but my hip still is in pain and is badly discolored. The captain and Mister Dalton say it could take months to heal completely, and I’ll have the discoloration for a long time. To change the subject, are you still interested in learning how to read and write?” 
“That’s not up to me; that’s up to the captain.” 
“Would you like to start, if you can?” 
“I would like that very much.”
“Then I’ll ask the captain if arrangements can be made.” 
 “That must be nice to have the captain’s ear,” Peter says.
“To change the subject, do you know how to swim?” 
“Yes, I swim all the time back home; if you swim in the back bay on the incoming tide the water is nice and warm,” Peter says.
“I thought the water by Clark’s Wharf was cold, but I know it’s cold taking baths in the sea water; it’s freezing.”
“You’re right,” Peter laughs. “That water is from the Labrador Current and, yes, it’s very cold, but at low tide the sun bakes the mud flats, and the mud gets very warm, which makes that very cold water much warmer.” 
“When do you go on shore leave?” I ask.
“Mister Dalton gave me leave today since I’m the new man on the boat.”
“What does that mean?” 
“I have the least amount of time on board; I have to take whatever is given, and today is a short day because leave has yet to start.” 
“I can ask the captain if we can start your lessons today, if you would like. I can’t promise anything, but I think the captain will allow it; it won’t hurt to try. The worst he can say is no.”

The loading process starts early the following morning as five huge barges are rowed slowly out to the Edith B. Each barge carries one huge barrel full of molasses. Each barrel is three meters in diameter and three meters long. These barrels have to be lowered deep inside the rear hull to keep the ship balanced. Because these barges are so difficult to row, it takes most of the day to load the five barrels. As the sun sets, Mister Dalton gives the order to the men who have to work, “Eat your meal, and you have the rest of the night off, but nobody can leave the ship.”
I listen as Mister Dalton orders, “I want six men on guard duty at all times during the darkness, and the guard duty will switch every four hours. Any person trying to sneak on board at night is to be clobbered over the head with a belaying pin. If any boat comes alongside, the people in the boat have to be identified before anyone may come aboard; we don’t need any uninvited guests!”
On the second day I notice a group of native boys swimming off the beach, so I go to Mister Dalton and ask, “May I swim off the Edith B?”
Mister Dalton, being frustrated with the slow progress in loading the ship, is not in the best of moods. He gives me a hard look as if I’m crazy. “Do you know how to swim?”
“Yes, sir.”
“Then swim, but only off the side where the loading is not being done, and don’t swim away from the ship.” Mister Dalton shakes his head in irritation and continues with his supervising of the loading process.
I race to the storage locker and pull out the boarding ladder, the one the pilots use to climb aboard the ship. I then go to the far railing, next to the mainmast, and secure the ladder to the stanchions. I turn and race to the captain’s cabin, tearing off my clothes. The captain stares at me and asks dryly, “What do you think you’re doing?”
“Mister Dalton said I could go swimming if I don’t swim away from the ship.”
“Do you know how to swim?”
“Yes, sir, I swam all the time back home.”
“Where?” 
“There was a pond. I’m not fooling you. I know how to swim, and I even hung the boarding ladder so I can get back on board, sir.”
“Well, it seems as if you have this all worked out, so I guess it’s all right, but you stay close to this ship.”
“Oh, thank you, thank you. I promise I’ll not drown, and I’ll stay close to the ship, I promise.”
“You better not drown, or you won’t go on shore with Mister Dalton.”
I race out the door yelling, “I promise, captain,” and streak across the deck as a blur. I hoist myself on top of the railing, and I’m all set to jump feet first—until I look down at the water and think, “That’s a long, long way down.”
Some of the off-duty crew gather behind me and start to call me a chicken. 
“Look at him shaking! Man, he shakes more than a girl!” someone utters with a laugh.
“Ya, I bet a girl would have jumped already,” some idiot behind me says.
Nobody says I’m afraid to do something a girl would do, so I take a giant leap off the railing and fly through the air like a stone, making a huge splash as I hit the water. When I surface, I look up and see there are ten sailors looking down at me in total disbelief.
“The kid actually jumped,” one sailor says.
I hear Cookie bellowing above all, “What ya tink ya doin’ jumpin’ off da ship? Have ya gone totally daft?”
“No, I’m not daft! Anyways, the captain said I could!” 
“Well, now I know da captain is daft,” Cookie replies as he shakes his head and disappears.
The water is beautifully warm; it’s so much better than that muddy pond back home. I splash around and play until I become tired. Then I climb the ladder and crawl over the railing and onto the deck.
Mister Dalton is still supervising the loading, and when he sees me, he comes over and says, “You look as if you’ve drowned.”
“The water is so warm and clear, I could see the bottom.”
“Well, why don’t you dry out before you return to the water?”
I climb the ratlines to the main yardarm. I then walk the footrope all the way to the end where I crawl onto the furled sail and dry off. I think about the feeling when I jumped from the railing, but if I were to jump from up here, that flying feeling would last much longer. As I lay upon the warm sail, feeling the slight breeze cross my body, it sends shivers up and down my spine. 
Swimming makes me feel free, and all my fears just seem to melt away. I also tell myself I haven’t thought about Mama and Da for some time now. I worry about my future, not my past. I actually feel that Uncle Robert did me a favor because I could be a whole lot worse off if I had stayed in Ireland.
When my body warms up enough to go back into the water, I decide I will take the big jump off the end of the yardarm, and I will only jump feet first. But just as I decide to jump, the captain approaches. As he reaches the railing, all he can see is an object streak past, then a mighty splash that rises from the sea right before him as I sink deep into the water. I’m thrilled. The sensation is magnificent; my stomach is still hanging somewhere up at the yardarm, and when I pop to the surface my enthusiasm shows.
I see the captain looking down, scowling fiercely, so I quickly announce to all, “That’s so much fun, I don’t believe it. It’s like flying!”
The captain doesn’t seem impressed one little bit, but he also may realize that a boy is finally having fun and acting like a young lad should. “So,” the captain asks in a flat, calm voice, “Are you having fun?”
“Oh, yes, sir! This is so much fun!”
“You be careful and don’t go any higher,” the captain replies, and then he continues his inspection of the ship.
I ask Mister Dalton if other crewmen can go swimming, but Peter Hale is the only one to accept the offer.
Cookie finally gives his approval by yelling, “Well, at least ya’ll won’t stink too much now. Ya’ll have taken a good bath, but I feel sorry for da fish!”



CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Matthew Winslow

It’s noon, and Mister Dalton asks, “Patrick, are you ready to go ashore?” 
I look up at him with a smile. “Yes, sir, I’m ready to go!” 
“Good, let’s get going, but we’re not spending the night.” 
I hurry down the gangway and climb into the waiting dory. I sit in the bow as Mister Dalton climbs onto the stern seat. Mister Hooper has the duties of ferry service at the moment, so he rows sitting amidships. I gaze into the water and marvel at seeing fish and crabs moving about on the sand below; the water is that clear. Suddenly, the harbor’s bottom rushes up as the dory grinds to a halt on the beach. 
“Thank you, Mister Hooper,” Mister Dalton says. “We’ll be returning to the ship about eight bells.”
“Aye, aye, sir, someone will be here.”
“What is that sweet smell?” I ask.
“It could be almost anything; they have many plants here that we don’t have in England or in Boston. Do you see that funny-looking fruit? It tastes very good; It’s called a banana,” Mister Dalton explains as he purchases a cluster of five.
“I really like this sweet tasting tidbit,” I say as I gobble down three bananas one after the other. 
“Well, I advise you not to eat too many, or you will be glued to the head for the rest of the voyage,” Mister Dalton laughs.
Oh, man that’s so gross; those heads are disgusting to the extreme, so this has to be good advice, and I stop eating immediately.
Mister Dalton leads the way as we stroll through a local village and up a low hill. On the other side is an establishment consisting of various sizes of bamboo buildings with large eaves. The place looks as if it has been abandoned; there is nobody about. Just as we’re ready to retrace our steps, a man appears from behind one of the buildings.
“Patrick, I would like to introduce you to Mister Bishop. He’s one of the best makers of rum in all of Jamaica.”
At this moment a local gentleman says, “It’s nice to meet you again, sir.”
“Would it be all right if Master Tracy could see your rum processing facilities?”
“Why, of course, you may come and see,” Mister Bishop says with much pride, “but we’re between runs, and the plant has been shut down for cleaning.” 
“I’m sorry the lad won’t be able to see your operation because it is truly impressive,” Mister Dalton says.
Mister Dalton turns to me and says, “Every time I come to Jamaica, I look up my old friend Mister Bishop. He’s a gentleman as well as a very good businessman.”
“You’re way too generous with your words,” Mister Bishop replies with an embarrassed smile.
“Will you join us?” Mister Dalton asks.
“I’m afraid I’m late for a council meeting. We have some unwelcomed guests soon to visit us.” 
“Who are these unwelcomed guests,” I interrupt. “Are they pirates?”
Mister Dalton scowls at me as if I just stomped on Mister Bishop’s foot.
“I do not know if they are pirates, but they are very bad people.” 
“If they are so bad, then why do you let them come?” Mister Dalton asks.
“They have not broken any laws, so we have nothing to charge them with, but we’ll take all the necessary precautions.” 
The three of us walk to the harbor’s edge along the sandy spit of land away from the fort. We continue to climb a low rise for about a half mile. The dirt road winds between palm trees, banana groves, and wonderful vegetable gardens. Thatched roof huts are arranged in small clusters, creating hamlet-like living groups.
“The smells here are just wonderful,” I say. “It’s like heavy perfume that hangs on the air.”
“That smell comes from the jasmine plant; it has a powerful, sweet smelling blossom,” replies Mister Bishop.
“I must part company, but I would like to give you a sample of my product, if that’s all right.”
“You’re way too kind, Mister Bishop.”
“Excuse me, Mister Bishop, but where can I go to see pirates?”
“Pirates don’t live here any longer, but if you want to see some very rough people who could be pirates, go to the Port Royal Tavern this evening; the crew will go there as soon as their ship is docked.”
“I know the Port Royal Tavern, but I’m not so sure we should go there. We don’t need trouble,” Mister Dalton interjects.
“Oh, please, may we go?” I plead.
After saying our good-byes, Mister Dalton and I walk slowly down the road toward Port Royal.
“May we please go to the Port Royal Tavern?” 
“Why?”
“Because I’m hungry,” I answer with a smirk.
“You may be hungry, but that’s not the reason you want to go to that tavern.”
“I really am hungry,” I protest.
Changing the subject I ask, “Mister Dalton, may we buy some green bananas? I want to take a banana to Emily.” 
Mister Dalton looks at me as a slow smile creeps across his face. “You want to bring bananas to Emily?”
I look at him and answer, “Yes,” giving him the most infectious smile I can muster. “That’s a great idea, but I don’t think the bananas would survive the journey. They only last a few days before they turn black and rot.”
“That’s a shame. But you know, Mister Dalton, the Edith B is a really graceful looking ship. She reminds me of Emily.” 
“You’re correct, she is a graceful ship, but it looks as if your ship filled with the dregs-of-the-earth is coming around the point,” Mister Dalton says.
I look at the newcomer and reply, “It doesn’t look as if they travel very fast!”
“It also looks as if they have not only old, ratty sails, but they probably have a forest of seaweed hanging off their bottom,” Mister Dalton adds.
“Do we have growth on our bottom?” 
“There’s some, but not much. We have been driving hard for many weeks, and that knocks most of the growth off.” 
“I know we have some barnacles on the bottom; I saw them when I was swimming; there were many white sharp things all over the bottom.”
“Maybe, before we leave the harbor, we’ll have the crew scrape the bottom,” Mister Dalton says more to himself than to me.
We finally reach a palm thatched, round building with a high, cone-shaped roof. A sign hangs out front that reads, “PORT ROYAL TAVERN.”
The entire building is made of bamboo with a large, thick, overhanging roof to keep out the tropical rains as well as the tropical sunlight. The sides have wide-open windows that allow the gentle breeze to pass through. There’s a hole about three inches in diameter at the top of the roof that causes an updraft that helps keep the interior cool, and any bugs that get inside are sucked up and out as well.
Mister Dalton and I enter and sit at a table near a side door. Once seated, Mister Dalton calls out to the barkeep, “I’ll have rum with fruit, and my partner here will have a plain fruit juice. Will the crew from that ship come here?”
The barkeep nods. “Unfortunately, they’ll show up in about half an hour, and they won’t leave until it’s time for them to return to sea,” he answers in despair.
“Well, Patrick, I think you’re about to get your wish. From what I have seen and heard, I think this is a pirate ship. I think the pirates will behave while in port because the military is in that fort and will take care of any troublemakers,” Mister Dalton says, pointing toward the fort.
The barkeep brings some fried conk fritters along with refills of our drinks. “Eat these before they come; they will eat everything we have.”
“Where does that ship come from?” Mister Dalton asks.
“They sail the Caribbean and prey upon small ships along the coast,” he spits out.
“Are we safe if they come here?”
The barkeep nods and answers, “Yes, there will be military people here as long as they stay. We want no problems with them, and we’ll do whatever is necessary to ensure there is peace.”
“Ake, ake, good boy, say something stupid,” comes from behind me.
I jump and spin all at the same time to see who just spoke. Sitting on a crosstree is a large, green-and-yellow parrot with a huge orange hooked beak.
The bird looks directly at me and squawks, “Say something; say something stupid.” 
I push my chair back and walk over to the bird.
“Don’t get too close to that bird; he bites, and if he gets hold of you, his bill can do great harm,” the barkeep warns.
“Don’t get any closer. I’ve seen what that bird can do,” Mister Dalton says with authority.
I’m not sure if Mister Dalton is funning me or not, but I’ll stay away, just to be sure. “What else can the bird say?” 
“Oh, he says many very bad words; you just wait until that crew comes in and you’ll find out what he can say,” the barkeep laughs.
“Why do you let these people come ashore?” Mister Dalton asks.
“Those men never break any laws while they’re here. The authorities would like very much to put them behind bars because we all know who and what they are,” the barkeep answers.
After a while a gaggle of raucous men approach the tavern; their clothes are filthy, and they all carry long knives in their belts. Most wear pants that end just below their knees, and all are barefooted. Every single man needs a shave badly, they smell, and most have missing or terrible looking teeth. An older man holds tightly to a rope that’s tied securely around a boy’s waist as the boy is dragged after him like a monkey.
“That boy looks about my age,” I whisper to Mister Dalton.
“That boy has had an extremely hard life for his few years. These thugs have hardened him beyond his years,” Mister Dalton whispers back.
I can tell Mister Dalton is furious at seeing this boy. I can see the hatred and fire burning in the first mate’s eyes. I nod slightly, but I’m too scared to move much. I’m so thankful that I didn’t fall in with the likes of these men. “That could be me” flashes through my mind.
“Rum! Where’s the rum? Bring me some rum!” One of the rowdy men yells as he bangs on the table.
As the barkeep approaches the rowdy group, another group of semi-rowdy men enter and call for rum as well while they fill the tables.
The barkeep announces in a loud voice so all can hear, “Where’s your money? You all know the rules of this tavern.”
One man from the second group tosses a small sack to the barkeep and says, “This will cover all costs for me and me friends.”
The older man who has charge of the boy tosses a small but fat leather pouch into the hands of the barkeep and sneers, “There ye go; ‘tis that enough fer ya?”
The barkeep pulls the drawstrings and opens the old man’s pouch. “This will do just fine,” he says as gold nuggets glitter.
“I thought it would; now get us some rum on the double!” the older man growls.
Mister Dalton leans over to me and whispers, “You don’t want to sit across from him when he’s talking or you’ll be wearing his words.”
I smile and nod slightly.
The barkeep brings six bottles of rum and places two on each of the pirate tables. Before the bartender can bring mugs, the rowdy men start drinking straight from the bottle. Once each man has taken a good slug of rum, they all quiet down.
The second group of men orders drinks and makes quiet small talk among themselves, taking no notice of the pirates.
As the pirates drink most of their rum, they start to act up. Some become loud and sing disgusting songs while others want to arm-wrestle. Others make rude comments about most everything and everybody. As a result, petty arguments break out, but nothing serious.
One of the older pirates yells to Mister Dalton, “What ya want for ya boy? I’ll give ya a bag o’ gold.” The man then wipes his slobbers as he eyes me intently.
“He’s mine, and he’s not for sale.”
A man with a scar across his cheek yells, “I’ll go fifty-fifty and make double what we’ll give ya.”
I shiver with disgust at the thought of being sold to anyone.
“As I said, the boy’s not for sale.” 
Several pirates look hard at me, which makes me feel extremely uncomfortable.
The leader of this band, the old man with the boy, looks hard at Mister Dalton as if he has a problem with the first mate. After a few moments, I guess he decides to be kind, so he says to his boy, “Here, takes dis and drink the whole lot down, and then ya can give us a dance.” He gives the boy half a mug of strait rum and makes him drink until the mug is empty. I can tell the boy has drunk rum before because he doesn’t get sick or gag, but he does make a terrible face.
“Now, boy, get out and dance, and if ya do a real good job, I’ll be real nice to ya, do ya understand, boy?” the pirate captain says in a leering voice.
The boy stares at the pirate captain in total fear. Then he gets up and pretends to dance. He tries to move in time with the music while the drunken pirates sing, but the men don’t sing in tune, there is no beat, and the effects of the rum have taken hold, so the boy moves around with his arms out to his side as we twirls about.
In the course of his dancing, the boy becomes disoriented, stumbling several times. He staggers into a table that changes his direction, and then he falls to the filthy floor. It appears he has passed out from the rum as he lies perfectly still near the table where Mister Dalton and I sit. The boy is useless as further entertainment, so the pirates go back to their drunken noise-making, leaving the boy completely alone.
After about seven or eight minutes have passed, Mister Dalton leans over to me and quietly says, “Patrick, I think we should leave now!”
I agree, so I start to move my chair, but I notice the drunken boy roll over and look at the pirate captain. The boy then slowly slides on his stomach across the floor toward our table. The pirates pay no attention. The boy’s a nonentity as far as they’re concerned. He crawls all the way to our table where he stands up slowly and looks directly at me. “Hello, what’s your name?” he asks in a clear, crisp English accent.
“My name is Patrick.”
“My name is Matthew, Matthew Winslow.” 
“Who are these men?” Mister Dalton asks as he carefully scans the motley group.
“They own me.”
“They own you?” I gasp.
“Yes, my parents and I were shipwrecked, and my parents were drowned. I was found and cared for. When I was well enough, I was sold to the captain.” 
Mister Dalton’s face contorts with rage at hearing what Matthew said. His hands ball into fists with white knuckles.
“What ya doin’ over there, boy? Get back over here,” the old man snarls. The pirate captain then rises from his chair and challenges Mister Dalton. “What ya talkin’ ‘bout. Mind ya own business,” he slobbers in his drunken state and sways as if the floor is a pitching deck upon a turbulent sea.
Before Mister Dalton can answer, the boy’s keeper hisses, “Git over here, boy, or I won’t be nice; now git.” 
Matthew obeys the old man and moves across the room where the pirate captain gives him a horrendous smack across his head that sends Matthew flying across the room.
Oh, my lord, I think Mister Dalton is going to slug the pirate. Instead, I turn to see Mister Dalton’s reaction is as serene as the most placid sea. Then Mister Dalton calmly says, “What I do with my boy is none of your business, just like it’s none of my business what you do with yours, so we’ll just leave it at that.”
The drunken captain staggers back to his table and stews as he continues drinking his rum. As the pirate captain sits he maintains a tight hold on Matthew Winslow’s rope and keeps him next to his side.
“Patrick, it’s time for us to leave,” Mister Dalton states with great authority.
I rise, and as soon as it becomes apparent we’re about to depart, the pirate captain spits out, “And where do ya think ya goin’?”
Mister Dalton turns, saying with absolute authority, “It’s none of your business, but we’re leaving.”
The pirate captain is a bully, and he quickly stands, knocking his chair over in the process. Then the rest of the pirates slowly stand, and so do all the innocent locals. As I rise to pick up our woven baskets, I notice the pirate captain has a look of rage in his eyes. Without warning, he launches his attack by rushing Mister Dalton with a knife. In his drunken stupor, the captain doesn’t line-up his assault correctly, so he misses Mister Dalton, and Mister Dalton’s fist smashes the pirate leader’s face.
“Wow, can you punch!” I blurt out.
The pirate captain flies through the air and crashes into a nearby wall. The captain sits upright for a second or two and then shakes his head as blood pours out of his broken nose and mangled mouth. He staggers to his feet and sputters, “That’s not nice,” and then he tries to rush Mister Dalton again.
All at once, the entire room erupts into violence. As the pirate captain rushes Mister Dalton again, the captain’s face becomes a punching bag. Mister Dalton beats the drunken captain unconscious. It looks as if he not only break’s the pirate’s nose but also his jaw and knocks out most of his remaining teeth. 
The fighting ends as quickly as it started. Every single pirate is lying on the floor unconscious with a busted head. The locals are all soldiers from the fort. The only person still standing from the pirate party is Matthew Winslow. As soon as the fight ends, the barkeep comes to Mister Dalton and apologetically tells him, “You will not pay for anything; you’re welcome anytime, and everything is free every time you come in.” 
Tears flow down Matthew Winslow’s face as he stammers, “What, what will happen to me; I’m terrified. What will happen to me once these men sober up?” Then he starts to shake and dissolves into uncontrollable crying. Mister Dalton puts his arms around Matthew in a bear hug and says softly, “Matthew, you’re free now. These men will never touch you again. You have an opportunity, starting right now, to build a new life. I suggest you go back to England and find your family, get a good education, and take advantage of all opportunities that pass your way.” 
“Yes, sir, I hope I can find my family; I’ll do as you say,” Matthew answers with a trembling voice.
Mister Dalton pats his head again and says, “I wish you the best of luck. Now, Patrick, we have to return to our ship.”
I thought walking back to the ship, “Oh, dear God, thank you for looking after me. I could have been like Matthew if events had not worked out as they did. I am so lucky that I fell in with the captain and Mister Dalton.”



CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Return to Boston

When Mister Dalton and I reach the ship, the captain is in an excellent mood. The crew has heard about a disturbance at the Port Royal Tavern and wants to know if Mister Dalton knows anything about it, but Mister Dalton says nothing. If Mister Dalton keeps his mouth shut, then I won’t open mine.
A Port Authority rowboat arrives alongside the Edith B shortly after Mister Dalton and I arrive on board. A Jamaican official comes aboard and asks, “May I speak with your captain?”
I race to the captain’s cabin and report, “Captain, a Jamaican official would like to see you on the deck, sir.”
The captain looks at me, rises from his chair, and goes out on deck.
The official says, “Captain, your ship will not leave port until such time as the authorities say you may. Nobody is to leave this ship without permission from the authorities at the fort.”
The captain stares at the official and asks, “Does this decision have anything to do with the events on shore this evening?”
“It has everything to do with the events at the Port Royal Tavern.”
How long will we be required to remain here? We have a crew that is looking forward to getting home for Christmas.”
“I can’t say for sure, however I’m under the impression the delay is to obtain statements as to what happened so they can be used in a trial. This should not take more than one or two days.”
“A two-day delay will not hurt our schedule,” the captain replies.
As soon as the official leaves and is out of hearing range, the crew asks exactly what happened, so Mister Dalton gives a brief sketch of the events. 
Early the next morning, three stiff British officers from the fort arrive on board. They all wear scarlet jackets with shiny brass buttons, white pants, and coal-black, highly polished boots. One officer carries a folder under his arm. The officer in charge says, “Take us to your captain.” All three men are brought to the captain’s cabin where Mister Dalton is waiting.
The captain greets the men and is told what they want of him.
“Patrick, you go back out on deck with this gentleman and wait until you are called,” the captain orders.
“Yes, sir,” I answer, a bit unsettled about what’s happening.
The junior officer taps my shoulder and points toward the door, so I leave the cabin with this officer at my back. I feel as if I’m a condemned prisoner about to be shot.
The crew gathers outside the captain’s cabin wanting to know what’s happening. Mister Hooper approaches a junior officer and asks, “Excuse me, sir, but may I ask what’s going on in the captain’s quarters?”
The junior officer examines Mister Hooper, who has a clean-cut look about him, and answers, “An official is inquiring about what happened at the Port Royal Tavern last night. Nobody is to go near that door!”
One of the sailors asks, “Mister Tracy, tell us what happened last night, will ya?”
“He’s not allowed to say one word until he has given his sworn statement,” the junior officer replies.
I pace for forty-five minutes before Mister Dalton returns to the deck. The junior officer touches my shoulder and points toward the door; then we both enter the cabin. The captain sits to one side while the ranking officer stands before the captain’s chair at the large table.
“Young man, this is a very serious matter; do you understand why we are here?” the senior officer asks sternly.
“Yes, sir, you want to use my words in court even though I’ll not be there.”
“That’s correct. Now place your hand on the Bible and swear before God that what you are about to say will be the truth and nothing but the truth!”
I stand and place my hand on the captain’s Bible and say, “Before God, I state that what I say will only be the truth.”
The officer sits in the captain’s chair. He motions me to sit, so I do so in my normal place at the table. The officer with the folder sits at the end of the table with ink and quill at the ready. The senior officer states, very much in command of this hearing, “The gentleman to your right will write down exactly what you say, so speak slowly and clearly, do you understand?”
I answer in a clear voice, “Yes, sir.”
The senior officer asks me many questions: Who am I; what are my duties on board; why am I in Jamaica; why was I at the Port Royal Tavern. The majority of questions were about the pirates and Matthew Winslow: What did the pirates and Matthew do while at the tavern? What was said by whom?
Finally, I gave a blow-by-blow description of the fight between Mister Dalton and the pirate captain. I answered each question clearly and provided as much detail as I could remember so the officer who is transcribing would understand.
After approximately an hour, the officer-in-charge says, “That will be all, and thank you for your assistance.”
“Excuse me, sir, may I ask you a question?”
This officer looks at me as if to say, “You want to ask me a question? How dare you!”
“State your question!”
“What will happen to Matthew Winslow?”
This officer looks at me hard and then answers: “Master Winslow will stay at the fort until the trial. He will have to tell the court what happened to his family and why he was with this motley crew. The court will also want to know exactly what happened to him while he was with these men. After the trial Master Winslow will be put on the first ship to England where his relatives live.” 
“Is Matthew in jail now?”
“No, he’s living with one of the couples at the fort and will do so until he is placed on board a ship.” 
“Will you please tell Matthew I said hello and that I wish him the very best? I would like to hear from him if he would like to write.”
“I’ll deliver your message; it might help him heal. Now if that was your last question, you’re excused.”
I get up and leave the cabin to find Mister Dalton on deck.
“Well, you certainly took enough time. I was the one who fought the guy. What all did you talk about?”
Mister Dalton and I compared notes as a number of the crew listened with intense interest. The captain enters the deck after the officers leave and says for all to hear, “It appears the court wants to press charges for false imprisonment, kidnapping a child, and a host of other charges related to how those miscreants treated that child. If the accused are found guilty, some of the pirates may pay with their lives while others will spend a very long time in prison.”
The crew let out a cheer that justice is going to be done, and they are proud it was their shipmate, Mister Dalton, who brought the situation to the boiling point. The captain smiles at the crew’s enthusiasm and further states, “To let you all know, the Edith B will remain in harbor until nine o’clock tomorrow morning. If the authorities have not contacted us, we are free to depart. As a result, the ship will have a standdown.” 
I’m so thrilled we have this standdown because I can go swimming and help scrape the bottom. I don’t think the rest of the crew likes the idea of having to go swimming, but that’s their problem. Peter Hale and I swim together as we scrape the bottom, and I explain to him, “The captain wants me to put together a thorough learning program so you will be able to learn how to read and write properly. The captain thinks it’s best if these lessons start at the outset of the next voyage and continue throughout.”
I can tell that Peter Hale is pleased with these arrangements, and I’m thrilled that I will be able to help him.
The next morning at nine sharp, the captain has not heard from the fort, so he orders, “Weigh anchor, Mister Dalton! Let’s get this ship back home!”
I stand on the quarterdeck and am truly sorry to say good-bye to this tropical island. As the Edith B clears the point, I glance toward the ramparts of the fort, and at the very end stands Matthew Winslow with Major Pillsbury waving good-bye. I wave back, and I can tell Matthew has seen me. Then tears swamp my eyes.
“What’s the matter with you, Patrick?” Mister Dalton asks.
All I can do is point, and Mister Dalton returns Matthew’s wave. I notice Mister Dalton has two or three tears of his own. “Let’s get back to work, my boy,” Mister Dalton says as he pats my shoulder and, when he thinks I’m not looking, wipes his eyes with the back of his hand.

Being able to help Matthew Winslow makes me feel extremely good. I’m also happy the captain was successful in selling two cases of quills at four times our cost as well as the cask of brandy for three times what we could have received in Boston. Our joint venture is a profitable business; Da would be most pleased.
As the Edith B enters open water, the captain says, “Master Tracy, I want you to climb the mast with your journal and mark all foul water on your chart. We discussed as to how you’re to do this. Now go.”
“Yes, sir,” I reply before scurrying up the rigging with my journal under one arm. I climb as high as I can and lock one leg through the ratlines so I can have use of both hands. The captain told me before that shoal water, reefs, and islands can all tear the finest ship apart instantly. This water is so clear that I can see through the water and detect the hazards. If I can’t see anything, then there are no hazards. As I scan large areas of water and then look at my chart, I can see our route, and I realize it’s not only the quickest but it also provides the Edith B with the safest water to sail through. I identify islands as they come into view and note reefs as they pass. The water has a beautiful clear, light greenish-blue hue.
It seems that the ship takes no time to pass through the Windward Passage and enter the Atlantic Ocean. Once in the Atlantic, the water takes on a deep green color, and the ocean swells roll by in their rhythmic fashion.
“Patrick, what do you think?” the captain asks as I work my navigation problems.
“Well, the wind has freshened and is coming from the west at a steady twenty knots. The ship is heeled to starboard, and the ship’s speed across the bottom is about twelve knots, sir. The weather has been kind so far. There are no signs of foul weather lurking about, sir.”
“I think that’s a fairly accurate report, if I say so myself,” the captain chuckles.
As the crew drives the ship as hard as possible, I start to become excited about getting back to Boston and, possibly, seeing Emily from time to time while in port. As the Edith B sails the coastline, I can feel the weather growing cooler and cooler to the point it’s getting downright cold. The ocean now has a gray look; the wind takes a good bite wherever it can find exposed flesh. I’m thankful I have my winter sea jacket, Mrs. Dalton’s sweater, and Emily’s mittens. They provide excellent protection against this bitter cold.
When the Edith B is a beam of Philadelphia, the wind picks up, making the conditions feel even colder. The clouds cover the sky, and it starts to snow hard as the wind drives the snow directly into the helmsman’s face. The Edith B plows through the water at approximately ten knots, sending spray high into the air only to have it fall all over the ship, covering everything in its path.
The captain emerges from the chart house and says, “Patrick, what do you think we should look for?”
“I’m not sure what we should be looking for, sir.”
“Ice. Ice is not a friend of those who sail ships!”
“Why is that?”
“Ice builds up on the rigging, masts, and hull. Ice is heavy, and the added weight, if left unchecked, can change the center of balance and cause the Edith B to capsize.” 
I scuff my feet on the deck and the snow parts to reveal the decking underneath.
“It doesn’t look like ice is on the deck.” 
“Not yet, but in time it will develop. Ice is already forming in the rigging due to the spray.”
“How do we get rid of the ice?”
“When there’s enough of a build-up, we’ll send the crew out to break it up and dump it overboard.”
“Do the men go up in the rigging?”
“Not unless they have to—and I said ‘men’—boys stay on the deck,” the captain smiles.
“I don’t want to go up in the rigging when it’s like this. I would be afraid I’d fall.”
“That’s why you will not go up.”
The snow squall ends as fast as it started. The clouds clear out quickly, leaving a bitterly cold evening under a crystal clear night. The evening sky progresses from black in the east to a deep purple-red in the west. “The stars shine as bright as if they are highly polished diamonds,” I say.
“They’re beautiful, aren’t they?”
“You know, it looks as if the entire heavens are covered with stars; I don’t think there are any places where there are no stars.”
“It certainly looks that way,” the captain agrees.
Every time I look at the sky, I always look for any sign from Mama and Da, but so far I have seen nothing.
The Edith B picks up the pilot at the entrance to Boston Harbor about noontime. I follow the ship’s progress in my journal chart. The pilot is a different one than the pilot we had when we departed, so I ask this pilot about his local knowledge.
Once the pilot brings the Edith B to the dock, he takes my journal and says, “This is excellent work. Did you do it all by yourself?”
“Yes, sir, this is all my work.”	
“A lot has happened while you were gone. We had a major storm, and a damaged ship managed to get into the harbor but sank right here. The water is too deep to raise her, so she sits on the bottom to rot slowly away.” The pilot places a dot on my chart.
The wharf is crowded with family members bundled in warm clothing. Everyone is waving and calling to their loved ones as the docking lines are cast to the shore and, in no time, the Edith B is secured in her birth. Once she’s all tied up, sadness creeps within me as I feel all alone once again. I know the crew will be going off to their families to have a merry Christmas, but I have a problem. I have no home, no parents, and nowhere to go.
Mister Tweed comes on board with the moneybox to pay the crew. Mister Oliver sits next to Mister Tweed and asks each crewman if he would like to sail on the next voyage in six weeks’ time. Mister Clarke and the captain head for the captain’s cabin in deep conversation as I stand on the quarterdeck watching so I can make the proper entry in my journal.
Mister Dalton comes up from behind me as I survey the dock. He puts his hand on my shoulder, pulls me into to him, and he asks, “Patrick, would you like to come and have Christmas with my family and me? And would you like to stay with us while we’re in Boston?” 
I look up at Mister Dalton as tears flood my eyes and trickle down my face. I sob, “Oh, yes, I’d love to Mister Dalton. Thank you so very much.”
He holds me tight and says, “Mrs. Dalton and I discussed this before we left Boston, and I’m very glad you have accepted,” Mister Dalton answers with a warm smile.
“Is this all right with the captain?”
“The captain knows all about it, and he agrees that you need to be with your own age for a while. Also, he’ll be celebrating the holidays with his brothers and sister.”
“I didn’t know the captain has family. I thought they were all dead.”
“His wife and son died, but he has two brothers and a sister.”
I’m so happy to be going to the Dalton’s for Christmas. I just can’t wait.
“You know something, Mister Dalton?”
“What?”
“The last time I felt like this was a long time ago, back in Ireland, before all my troubles came tumbling down upon me.”
After the crew is paid off, Mister Dalton takes me to his cabin and hands me a bottle of rum. “You take this to the captain as a Christmas present,” Mister Dalton instructs.
I walk into the captain’s cabin concealing the bottle behind my leg as I cross the room to my bunk and slip the bottle under the blanket. As soon as Mister Clarke finishes what he’s saying, he turns to me and asks with a large grin smeared across his face, “Well, young man, what do you think about pirates now?”
I look directly into Mister Clarke’s eyes and answer, “They’re absolutely disgusting, sir!”
“I hear that you had an interesting time in Jamaica; is that so?”
I give the captain the hairy eyeball with a pained expression through pursed lips. “Well, I wanted to see a pirate, so Mister Dalton was kind enough to oblige. We went to this tavern, and things got a little out of hand because the pirate captain got drunk and then got mad because we talked with his cabin boy who he was keeping as a slave.”
“You say a slave cabin boy?” Mister Clarke asks in disbelief.
“Yes, sir, the boy was sold into slavery after his mother and father drowned in a shipwreck, and the pirate captain bought him. The boy was terribly abused.” 
“Well, have you been abused?” 
“No, I haven’t been abused! I’m so very thankful to be here with the captain and Mister Dalton; I’m very happy.”
“Do you like going to sea?”
“Yes sir, very much; I think the Edith B is the very best ship on all the seas!”
“You mean you like her even though you almost went through one of the scuppers?”
“Well, that’s not very funny, and I don’t want to do that again!” 
“I’m having every scupper on all my ships pegged just like the ones aboard the Edith B. This will never happen again on any of my ships. Young man, I would like to see your journals and your log; I want to go over them while you’re in Boston.”
“Yes, sir, I’ll get them right away.” And I turn and climb the ladder to the chart house.
Once there I go out on deck to see if the Daltons are waiting, but no one is there. People mill about, stamping their feet, trying to keep warm. Carriages negotiate the dock area carefully so as not to bump into or run over anyone. The only difference between now and when we departed is that the ground is all covered with snow now; it looks as if everyone is a heavy smoker because you can see the steam from everyone’s breath.
Once all the ship’s business has been concluded, the ship has been put away, and the crew has departed, Mister Dalton and I return to the captain’s cabin.
“Welcome back to Boston, the both of you,” the captain cheerfully announces as soon as we make our presence known.
“It’s nice and warm in here,” Mister Dalton replies as he goes to the small potbelly stove to warm his hands. The coals are cherry red and belch out a steady flow of heat. Everyone sits as the captain pulls out a new bottle of fine brandy and fills three glasses. He also produces a half tanker of ale for me, and we all drink to each other’s good health and happy holidays.
Mister Clarke gets up and says, “I wish you all a Merry Christmas.” He then shakes hands with the captain, then with Mister Dalton and, last, with me. He picks up all my journals, to include my independent log of the voyage, puts them under his arm, and departs.
Once Mister Clarke is gone, Mister Dalton asks, “Patrick, don’t you have something for the captain?”
I smile and exclaim, “Oh, yes, I do!” I spring to my feet and rush to my bunk, pull out the bottle of rum from under the blanket, and give it to the captain.
“Thank you so much for all you have done for me, and I want to wish you a very Merry Christmas.” The captain then wraps his arms about me and gives me the biggest hug he can muster. “I’m very happy you’re with us, and you have a Merry Christmas too, lad.” 
I look straight into the captain’s eyes and say, “I’m so happy that I have you and Mister Dalton. I don’t know how I can repay you.”
“Patrick,” Mister Dalton says, “you already have repaid us by just being you. It’s such a pleasure teaching someone who appreciates knowledge and who uses what he’s learned in a meaningful way.”
“Right on the head,” the captain answers. “I can’t say it any better. Now the two of you had better get going before Mrs. Dalton comes down here and gives me holy-you-know-what.”
As Mister Dalton heads for his cabin, the captain says, “Patrick, I’m giving you some of your money so you may purchase some sweets for the Daltons. I will keep the rest of your earnings, and we’ll use them on our next voyage. See you then, my boy.”
Patrick gives the captain his best smile. “See you then.”





About the Author

After graduating from college, Christopher Noble entered into the military service as a noncombat arms officer. When he left the US Army as a Captain in the Medical Service Corps, he earned two Bronze Stars—one with a “V” device, a Purple Heart, the Vietnam Cross of Gallantry with a Gold Star, and the Combat Medics Badge.
He next entered into a career of business opportunities that lead him to an American oil company overseas where he managed multi-million dollar budgets. When he returned to the USA he became the Director of Operations and Business Manager to an independent school, in upstate New York where he saved the school from bankruptcy. This is his proudest accomplishment to date.
He joined the Peace Corps, as a Business Specialist to assist East Europeans in western business practices, and was sent to Ukraine. Presently, Mr. Noble is in the process of publishing books about his many life experiences, as well as writing a four book series about his 5th great grandfather, Patrick Tracy, whose picture is now hanging in the National Gallery of Art in Washington, D.C.



COMING SOON!
New book in the Patrick Tracy Series
Book Two – Patrick Tracy: In Training
Available Summer 2015

