In Search of Spice
Book 1 of the Harrhein Saga, 
The Conquest of Hind

A Preview


Rex Sumner
Published by MyVoice Publishing at Smashwords
ISBN: 978-1-909359-26-0


 

Foreword
In Search of Spice chronicles the first innocent steps that will lead to the conquest of Hind by trade, love and grief. Harrhein is a kingdom brought into unity by the Starr dynasty, riven with political intrigue. Barons and Lords jostle for power and the right to levy taxes, while the Church intrigues where it can. A very few develop special abilities, which the Church tries to keep limited to its priests, which is sometimes mental control and sometimes a mental ability to control natural forces - magic. Some of the characters are based on historical people.
The small regiment of regular soldiers guard the north and the king, while individual Barons and Dukes command their own inferior forces. The story is set in a similar time to the 15th Century except Christianity is not so endemic and gunpowder has not been invented.
Trade to the East is stymied by the neighbouring Island race of Spakka pirates, while in other directions is just empty ocean from which nothing appears. 
In Search of Spice will be published in May and this eBook consists of the first three chapters as a taster to encourage you to find out more about Harrhein.  Please visit https://publishizer.com/in-search-of-spice/.  This is a brand new campaign where we are offering fabulous incentives to readers who would like to pre-order, talk to the author or indeed have one of the characters named after themselves.  Readers can have stories written about themselves or their friends, set in Harrhein or even go In Search of Spice themselves, accompanied by the author, to a secret spice island in the East Indies.
This pre-order campaign gives us leverage.  It allows us to persuade our publisher to invest in extra design, to make the maps prettier, to improve the front cover and to print more copies, thus allowing wider distribution.  It also allows us to fund marketing campaigns to ensure the success of the book.


The Kingdom of Harrhein

Praesidium is the capital), Galicia and Fearaigh are duchies that were once separate countries. The mountain range that runs up the spine of the country is loaded with geological wealth, and dwarves work with the people in the mining industry. They don't feature strongly in the story, nor do the elves who are frankly based more on the Plains Indians of North America than standard fantasy. It works - see Wagon Master.
A foreign ship of novel design is shipwrecked by the Spakka and salvaged by Harrhein. Imitating it creates a carrack, capable of sailing the oceans and volunteers are sought to sail over the edge of the world in search of trade and the valuable spices. New skills are required, climbing the masts and setting the sails, handling the effect of the wind on a high beamed ship, deep sea navigation and ocean cartography.
Contents
Foreword
The Kingdom of Harrhein
Treason
Fearaigh
Farewells
A message from the Author



Treason
"Hi Victor. Have you picked the Champion yet?"
The elderly man turned from his seat in the gallery overlooking the fighting court and smiled.
"Oliver! Oliver Bouvier! What a surprise, and just in time, my wine glass is empty and the bottle is gone. The Navarre red is excellent. As to the blades, well I think we are going to see some unusual upsets today."
Oliver turned and gestured to a serving girl. "A bottle of Navarre red, if you please." He seated himself beside Victor, easing his spare frame into the seat and looked with disapproval into the salle. "A cryptic clue as always. What have you seen?"
"There's a girl come through the qualifying, don't know who she is but her craftsmanship is awesome. She has been going through her opponents like chaff, and one opponent even resigned rather than face her. She is fighting next, up against a professional from Lansbridge, her first real test. Here she comes now."
A girl strode out of the fighters tunnel into the courtyard, tall and elegant, moving lithely like a panther. She was slim and willowy, with broad, muscled shoulders, a little heavier on the right. She wore the leather and chain mail armour of a bladesman, plus a mask over her eyes, enough to obscure recognition. Bright, dark red hair was visible under her hauberk and a beautiful rapier grew out of her hand as if it was permanent.
"A beauty, and young, I reckon. Who is she?"
"No idea, but she has been damn well taught. Strong too, see how tall she is. Only girl to make it through qualifying."
A buzz went through the crowd and a cheer arose from the open area below
"What's that they are calling her? Russet? And Red Rattna? That awful barbarian queen who bathes in her victims' blood? Don't we know her real name and background?"
"No, she's a mystery entrant. She has red hair and a quick blade, that's enough for the crowds. See, she wears a small mask, as is her right. It is clear she is a noble's daughter who has worked with an expert bladesman. She uses a rapier very well, going through all the parries fluidly and automatically. In one of the bouts she met a compound attack by a simple displacement combined with an envelopment and took him."
"I have no idea what you said."
"Ah, Oliver, if you are going to watch fencing, you should learn the terms."
"I don't care about the terms or fencing, I only came to speak with you. Disgraceful they let a girl compete."
"I think like everyone else you hope to see a little blood, and I am sure even a puritan like you would enjoy a girl's blood even more."
"Or a lot. Even better. Damn Papists, happy to see them all die. Not sure if the crowd want to see the girl's blood or see her shed others blood." He mused this last, looking around at the crowd and stroking his prominent nose.
"Well, I think they will be disappointed. She's a clean fighter; she hits the marks perfectly and never takes a risk. At least not yet. She may have to at this level. Just look at Morten. You can see he won't give her an inch."
The fighters were ready, toeing the line and raising their swords in salute. Morten had a longsword. He held it with both hands, his left hand cupped around the pommel. The referee called the start and the jury stooped to watch for hits. Morten came forward carefully and made a small feint, which Russet ignored. He gave a beat to her blade and stepped back in surprise at the speed of the counter-beat. His eyes narrowed and he lunged into the tiny, high opening presented, then desperately tried to bring the sword down in a parry as she slipped his blade, ducked to the floor and sliced up at his hand by the wrist, raising a fountain of 'blood'; actually red ink in small sachets strapped to each bladesman's body. The referee's whistle went abruptly and both players stopped.
"Damn! She's good," said Victor. "She won it with that. Very, very clever and she played for it perfectly."
"What? Over? Why, she barely touched him."
The crowd was murmuring, unsure what had happened, though a canny few were making their way to the bookmakers, strategically placed near the lanes leading into the crowded square.
"Tendons" said Victor with a smile. "That sachet marks the tendon, either he fences now with his left hand or he retires. Morten will retire, he can't fence left handed. Not at this standard."
"But, but it was just a touch!"
"It doesn't take much to slice open a tendon, that's why it is protected. It takes one hell of an accurate blademaster to make that shot - she had a tiny, tiny area to hit, the crease which allows the wrist to turn, that was moving fast but she hit it."
The referee examined Morten's wrist, but Morten only had eyes for the girl, with a stunned smile on his face. His voice carried.
"I misjudged you, ma'am. I congratulate you on your win, quite brilliant. You totally foxed me. May I have the honour of knowing my victor's name?"
The girl smiled. "Thank you, sir, for your kind words. I fear for now I must keep my identity secret a little longer, you will understand later. Good fortune." Her voice was low and melodious, but it carried clearly round the sale.
The referee spoke quietly to Morten, who responded firmly, "I do."
The referee turned to the crowd. "A tendon shot wins the bout for the Mystery Entrant. Morten retires, declining to fence on with his left."
The crowd did not erupt. They muttered, as they felt a little cheated at not seeing more of her. The lucky ones nodded their heads and headed off to the bookies to collect their winnings. The mutterings increased, a little angry, but deflated when the rough crowd outside the Upturned Oxcart pub began to cheer and shout, waving their beer pots.
"Well done Russet!"
"The Red Rattna strikes again!"
"Fastest win for the Red Rapier!"
"Gives us a kiss for luck!"
At this last, the girl smiled and blew kisses to them, causing the noise to double.
"Umph," said Victor, "she is very young. She should stay focused - her next match is against the Champion - she needs to be ready for him, he is superb, highly skilled. Come Oliver, I shall let you buy me lunch and another bottle of this excellent red and I shall explain what happened."
"Never mind, I don't need to know." Oliver was impatient. He looked around. They were in a private booth of the Drunken Courtier, a public house; the veranda overlooked the raised fighting dais, with the door open so the waiters and waitresses could see them. "Is this place secure?"
"Of course it is," Victor glared at him. "I have more to lose, consorting with the likes of you. I don't want anyone seeing you, let alone hearing what we talk about."
"Very well." Oliver didn't look convinced. "So, what is the latest news?"
"All in good time. So impatient, it is not polite to discuss business till after we have eaten."
"I pay you enough not to have to put up with your foibles." Oliver hated Victor for his upper class smoothness, but masked the hatred behind impatient anger.
"Nonsense. And I am going to need more; I have to keep up my position in society. You must follow the customs or you will stand out, and the waiter may report it. He will think it deuced odd if we are talking business over food." Victor waved at the waitress through the doorway. She nodded and moved off.
Victor leaned forward. "I spoke yesterday with a friend from Westport. He tells me you can forget Fearaigh."
"I did not expect anything else. They do not love us."
"They don't care much for your ways, they prefer the old religions, trade with the Elves and they love the Starrs. Half the army is from Fearaigh."
"Tell me something I don't know, and show me the money is not wasted." Oliver’s eyes gleamed in his pale face.
As Victor started to speak, a young man pushed his way into the room. "Hello, gentle sirs, my name is Andy. Can I help you with your order?"
"Excellent!" beamed Victor. "You can indeed. First we need another bottle of the Navarre, then tell me the menu. Who is the chef today?"
"Mrs Jenks has the oven today, sir; she recommends the pheasant pie, or the steak and oyster pie. Otherwise I could do you some nice wood pigeons, or there is some ham, and I think if I hurry I can rustle up a lamprey, as it's you, sir."
"Lamprey? Mrs Jenks? Really, ah yes that would be wonderful - I shall have it with a couple of pigeons, they go well together and Mrs Jenks cooks them superbly. The Navarre will complement the pigeon beautifully. Will you share with me, my friend?" he asked Oliver.
"Thank you, no, that would be far too rich for me. Some light chicken broth, bread and a bit of cheese." Oliver tried to smile, which was scary.
"Certainly, gentle sirs," nodded Andy, "it will be about half of the hour, if that is acceptable?" He minced out and they heard him snap at the serving girl to bring the wine.
"Count Rotherstone is on everyone's lips," murmured Victor, wiping his mouth on a napkin with precise care. "He is considered the leader of the revolutionary cadre, even though he does nothing overtly. Raphael is not taken seriously, though a significant number of invitations are arriving for him."
"Invitations? So what? Be serious, man!" Oliver stared at him.
Victor sighed. "Prince Raphael is single. The increases in invitations are coming from mothers of unmarried girls. They are hedging their bets, offering their daughters in the hope of catching a king. The increase means many of the upper classes think there is a chance he may inherit. A good chance."
"Ah, I see." Oliver was actually impressed by the subtlety, but took care to hide that. "How many are converting to the true religion?"
"That I cannot know, it is not widely talked about and very private. But there has been a sea-change in outlook. It is no longer derided, but talked about as just another religion. As you know, most of them care little for religion in any form, so this is a good sign." Victor smiled and sipped his wine, building suspense before he delivered the good news. "The merchant boys are successful as officers. It is agreed to allow many more of them to join, and their competence allows the nobility to move their sons to the City Guard rather than fighting regiments." He sneered. "The weaker, diluted nobility, of course. They don't want to fight the barbarians on the northern border, or meet Spakka raids in the east. They are happy to let your lads do that for them, and the rate of retirement is up hugely."
"Very good," Oliver was pleased. He placed a large purse on the table, which vanished into Victor's pouch. "And the Palace Guard?"
"Oh, no problem there. I lunched with the adjutant three days ago and on my advice he is taking on a cadre of not just officers, but guardsmen as well. You will own it within a few years. Worth an extra purse, I fancy!" He watched greedily as Oliver reluctantly placed a smaller purse on the table.
"What is the King's attitude to the new parliament? Has it changed?"
"Not really. He's not convinced they can do anything worthwhile, and isn't paying much attention to them. The Princess is a different matter. She's been bending his ear about it and I understand she is now forbidden to talk about parliament at meals. I believe she is spending time listening to them in session?"
"Yes, she does. I don't think she likes me very much." Oliver smiled with satisfaction.
Victor took a larger sip of wine, to stop himself commenting on the princess's exemplary taste.
Oliver did not think he would get much more from the old courtier, and decided to leave. Excellent news on the officers, which would speed the process, and even better news on the guard. He thought briefly of his own commission, sitting in his pocket, and wondered when he would take it up. The king would not like to find out members of parliament were officers in the new army they were raising.
The daughter was an issue. She would work out the possibilities, and they needed to debate some sensitive issues in the coming weeks. He decided to bring forward the plan to remove her and install Raphael. He stood abruptly, seeing Victor's raised eyebrow at his silence, and threw a coin on the table. "That's for lunch. I shall meet with you again in a month's time. Get a table at the archery tournament, I shall find you." He pulled on his cloak and left.
Victor sighed with pleasure and ruminated on the ills of life that had destroyed his investments and forced him into taking the puritan coin. To say nothing of the wretched boy who had sucked him into this mess in the first place. Still, he could see the way the wind was blowing and it would be important to come out on the right side.

It was the last bout of the day and had stretched to half an hour, the longest bout so far. The Champion, Ariston, was moving easily, but giving the Red Queen huge respect. Both players were level on 11 points - 12 was the victory target. They had been on 11 for the last ten minutes, an unprecedented time with no score.
Ariston was a well-muscled man in his late twenties, approaching six foot tall, balanced and moving well. He was still smiling as he fought, but his grey eyes showed his care, watching the girl like a cat, riveted on her face. The sweat rolled down his face and his shirt was stained dark. Most was sweat but a few minor sachets had burst.
The girl was laughing. Not all the time, but you could see the joy on her face as she moved lightly and easily, matching Ariston’s every move. This did not bother Ariston; you could see he loved every moment of the challenge. The crowd was hushed. This was a bout such as you were lucky to see once in five years, and to see two blade masters enjoying each other's skill was unusual to say the least. Once Ariston had skidded on a flower thrown from the crowd, and the Red Queen had backed up and let him recover.
Victor's face wreathed in smiles as he watched with reverence. He had a crowd of his friends on his veranda with him now.
Ariston launched an attack in the high line, arm raised, forcing the parried response higher and higher, to the full extension of the girl's reach. In a moment, it would be too high and he would overcome her as he pushed her off balance. A trick he would not have tried had he not sensed her tiring. She went from the high quarte parry, flowing smoothly into a derobement, trapping and forcing his blade outwards as she went forward and leapt impossibly high into the air, pushing his blade well out of line. The forward movement and the jump prevented him from disengaging and he started to back-pedal. The girl's blade disengaged, her foot came up high to replace it and continued pushing his blade out of the way and then her rapier arced back towards his eye.
The crowd sighed, and Victor breathed, "The Heron Strike! That I should live to see it."
At the very peak of her leap, her rapier swept down to his face and Ariston literally saw death. Somehow, she stopped the stab a fraction from the eye, and alighted with a small, victorious smile, her point resting on his cheek. Ariston relaxed and with care brought his sword back to the en garde position, almost touching her arm in the process. He swung the sword round in the loser's salute.
The arena erupted with shouts and screams, people throwing all sorts into the salle. Mainly flowers, some jewellery, even fruit.
The referee went into a huddle with the four men of the jury, rapidly joined by the tournament director.
Ariston went to one knee, and spoke quietly so only the girl could hear. "My thanks, my Lady, for the finest fight I have been privileged to enjoy. It has been an honour to cross blades with you, and I know you will win this tournament."
"You are too kind, good sir. I cannot tell you the pleasure it has given me. I had quite forgotten the tournament, to be honest."
They grinned at each other in mutual respect. The referee called for quiet, repeatedly, until the noise fell. The tournament director stepped up and the crowd stilled, uncertain. This was not expected.
"We have a little difficulty here. The Strike of the Heron may be a winning blow in a real fight, but in tournament the eyes are sacrosanct and use of the foot in this manner is illegal. By making this attack, the mystery entrant has struck a foul blow. Although the Champion has ceded defeat, we cannot accept it. The score remains 11 each and the mystery entrant must be disqualified."
At first, there was a stunned silence. The crowd started to hiss and rise. Before it could reach any volume, the girl stepped forward and stood beside the tournament director, who was looking decidedly nervous.
"Good people of Praesidium, listen to me. I accept the director's decision. He is correct, my actions were outside the rules of the tournament and I apologise.  I was carried away by the bout and performed an illegal move. It is only right I concede defeat to a very worthy Champion."
The crowd clearly disagreed with her.
She held up her hand for silence, and slowly got it. Behind her mask, her green eyes flashed. "I have made my decision. It is the right one. You will accept it, for now I shall reveal who I am and you will realise that once you know, I cannot carry on."
That got the crowd's attention, sure enough and they fell silent as she raised a hand to the half mask that covered her eyes and the top of her face. She ripped it off and shock rippled round the crowd. A small, square, determined chin and the flashing eyes dominated and enlivened a plain face, high cheekbones and famous nose. The tournament director, the jury, the referee and Ariston dropped to their knees, the Champion with a huge grin on his face.
"Arise," she smiled at him.
"Your Highness, we are well served by our future Queen, both in your martial abilities and your wisdom."
"Regrettably I am unable to continue tomorrow, for my father does not know I am here. I intended to step back today, whatever the outcome and hoped to sneak back to the Palace without his knowledge. I fear that is no longer an option."
Ariston extended his arm. "May I have the honour of escorting you to your changing quarters, Highness?"
She smiled, placed her hand delicately and lightly on his forearm and they walked off the salle to a standing ovation.
Victor turned to his friends. "That was quite incredible. I think we need a barrel of wine, never mind a bottle. Ha! I had a feeling it was the Princess."
"You say that now. I didn't see you rushing to the bookies for a bet." Francis was a fellow aficionado and a long time crony.
"That might have been injudicious to say the least. I believe there was quite a lot of money laid on her being Red Rattna's granddaughter. There was no money on her being our own Royalty."
"I should think not. Who would have guessed that pretty girl could do that?" 
"Anyone in the army, for a start. She caused quite a stir when she served on the frontier." Adrian was a recently retired soldier.
"The Princess? She fought in the army? You're joking." All the others looked at him in astonishment.
"Indeed I am not, but your response just shows how out of touch you are here in the capital. We've always had a fighting monarchy here in Harrhein, although the women try to turn the nobility into stuffed cockerels."
"Well, if you say so. Anyway, that winning strike. It was impressive, to be sure, but why is the Heron Strike so special? It looked spectacular, why isn't it done more frequently?" Bruno did not understand fencing, or fighting. But was a keen follower of the elder men and their largesse.
"Hah! Looks are deceptive." Victor was delighted for the opportunity to explain. "Usually when you get so high, you open up your body to your opponent who will always get his blade back and skewer you with ease. You have no defence. But she was cunning in a way no man could be. Incredible elasticity of body, she leapt high to keep his blade in contact with her own and how she got her foot up there, I don't know. Once she got her foot on his blade, he couldn't get back to take advantage as she went on the attack. Mind you, doubt anyone over the age of twenty could get their foot up that high."

Count Rotherstone sat at his desk reading a report on the peccadilloes of a baron he planned to subvert. A hesitant knock on the door revealed his secretary, a young priest called Thomas who was terrified of him.
"Ah, three messages have come in, sir," stammered Thomas, as those cold grey eyes looked down that long nose at him. He always thought the Count looked like a grey heron, about to strike and skewer him, "Two from the brothel in Piccadilly and one from the Candler."
"Read me the Candler's message." The Count returned his gaze to the report.
"Yes, sir." Thomas looked down at the message. "A gentleman came into the shop and purchased two ash black candles." The Count looked up sharply, and Thomas jumped. "He commented that the kitten was causing trouble again and it was time to drown her." Thomas looked blankly at the message. "That's all there is, sir."
"It is sufficient," breathed Count Rotherstone. "Put the messages on the desk and leave. Ask Bessin to attend me."

Princess Asmara Starr relaxed in her bath, smiling and wincing a little as her hand maid worked on her scratches and pulled muscles. The door opened and a girl slipped in, coming up and sitting by the bath. The princess looked at her and raised a sculpted eyebrow.
"Asmara, trouble. You must leave. There is to be an assassination attempt on you tonight, and it is serious enough that I don't think you can avoid it."
The Princess sat up. "Call Belkin, I need to talk to him. Enough, Sophie, get the towels. Luce, who's behind it?" No fuss, the Princess went from luxuriating to business in seconds, her mind rapidly scanning through her options.
"Well, it is supposed to be your cousin, Raphael."
"He's a dolt and a coward."
"I already told Belkin to come; I knew you would want to speak to him. Told him it was urgent."
"Well done, good thinking. Who's been breathing up Raphael's bottom?"
"You know very well it will be Count Rotherstone. He controls everything Raphael does and with him on the throne he will be the actual king."
Asmara blinked from under the towel. "My father? Is he alright? Is there an attempt on him as well?"
"No, they see you as the danger. With you out of the way, Raphael will have time to ingratiate himself with your father, get named as heir and then they will finish him. But if you stay and fight, it could widen and drag him in."
The door opened and a man came in. He saw the Princess' nakedness and reddened. "I apologise, your Highness, this woman told me to come instantly." He started to turn to leave the room.
"Oh, don't be so silly, Belkin. This is too important to worry about false modesty. This woman is my spymaster, uh, mistress. Tell it all now, Luce."
Belkin ensured he kept his eyes on Luce's face, wondering that she looked vaguely familiar but he could not put a name to her.
Luce grimaced, living her life in the shadows meant she did not want to be known to anyone.
"Rotherstone has given Raphael a Mage, a powerful one. He is bespelling the guards at this moment. It means if they see the Princess, they will see instead an Elf Crone Witch, and will call for archers and shoot her from a safe distance. That's to ensure you can't escape. At the same time they have a group of killers organised, disguised as elves, which will raid the palace - specifically your room. Your own men will think you part of that party."
"How long will the spell last?" The Princess grasped the plan straight away, wincing at the thought of the guardsmen, whom she loved and with whom she trained at arms, killing her when she knew she would not be able to strike back.
"I don't know, but it could be a week. You cannot hide from your guardsmen for even a day."
"If there is an attack, I need to be with my father, supporting him and helping him. This is a really bad time, I am sure the new parliament is up to something."
Belkin grunted. "You trust this woman?"
"With my life"
"Humph. That's exactly what it is. Very well, crude it may be, but you cannot fight it without a hundred guardsmen, and many will die. Moreover, if they are all bespelled, your most loyal men will kill you. Your father has managed to run the Kingdom perfectly without you for the last twenty years." Asmara scowled at this. "He can sort out the problem much more effectively if he doesn't have to worry about your safety. We must flee to Westport. Fearaigh will be safe."
"No. I will flee, you must stay." Asmara did not like Belkin’s words, but she had to accept their truth. She worried that her father needed her and liked to think she was important, so his words hurt. Then glee rose up inside her as her worries about her father diminished. Adventure! She would be out and away from insistent tutors, annoyingly insipid chaperones and dubious dancing masters, free as a bird. No way would she go to Westport. "Go to your rooms and sleep. If they don't see me, they won't be able to do anything. Tomorrow I shall be gone, Luce. So go to Belkin at 10 am. Belkin, request a private audience with the King, tell him what has happened. Introduce him to Luce. Luce, you must in future report to Belkin and the King."
"No, As. Too many people." Luce replied, causing Belkin to look shocked, both at the refusal and the nickname. "I shall report to Belkin, he can tell the King. We will protect him till you return." She looked balefully at Belkin. "You, sir, will need further protection if you are close to the King. I am surprised they didn't think to work out something about you tonight, but Raphael was always sloppy. They may not make the same mistake twice. I suggest you don't see the King for a few days, and ensure he sees you no more than once a month, or you put yourself in danger. The King will understand. He's a smart one. Tell him if you are killed, I shall appear at his bedside with news."
She turned to Asmara, who was nodding. "Now, we must cut your hair and choose your clothes. What will you be?" Belkin noticed she did not ask where she was going and started to ask the question, then thought better of it. The Princess was clearly in complete accord with this strange woman.
"Yes, will shoulder length be enough? I thought to be a mercenary."
"No, you will need it short. Where's that black hair dye? Get a bit of dirt on your face. Keep it there. It will hide your cheekbones and make you look more common. Don't take many clothes, get dirty, change your walk, you know the score, like when we went to Sarumstown."
Belkin started, and wondered if he had an answer to a question which had bugged him for the last year. The Princess had managed to disappear for a whole month before reappearing very content and ignoring the angry instructors and courtiers.
"I need my rapier and bow. The leathers are in the cupboard over there. Sophie, get them, then leave. The less you know the better."
"Mistress, I am coming with you. And I must cut your hair. You will need somebody to look after you. I could be your squire."
"Hah! More likely my dog-robber. I won't have a squire. No, it is too dangerous for you and I will travel too fast. I need to be 100 miles away by dawn and you can barely ride. And you would cut my hair too well. Leave now, take a holiday and visit your parents, give it three months then come back and see Belkin. He will give you a job. Here, take this purse, it will see you through."
Sophie burst into tears, but went and got the clothing, then left, still crying.
Belkin watched her dress, and spoke. "Don't take Farstrider. I know you love him, but everyone knows he is your horse. There is a new grey in the stall three down from him. He's a good horse, take him instead. I will go down now and get rid of the stable boy, then tack him up."
"Wait! Don't take the passageway. Wait a moment while Luce finishes my hair. Luce, take him through the secret ways. I will follow in a moment."
Luce nodded, finished hacking her long hair off and reached for the hair dye. "Belkin, bag up her hair, please. I will dispose of it so nobody knows they should look for a short-haired woman."
She pushed Asmara's head over the bath, rubbed the dye well into her hair. "Let that set while you ride. Find a horse trough in the morning and rinse it." She put the pot in the bag with the hair and rose, turned and grabbed Asmara, hugging her for a moment before turning away and beckoning to Belkin, who swallowed as he saw her tears. He followed her out of the room through a door that opened when she touched something by the fireplace. It was dark in the passageway, but Luce produced a taper from a crevice and led off. She looked back over her shoulder once, "She's like my younger sister. She saved me from the gutter and the whorehouse. I owe her everything. Have no worries, I will do what I can."
She was off, before he could respond and he trailed along as best he could, wondering how she got her information.
Asmara finished pulling on the leathers, retrieved her bow and rapier, pulled out a fat purse and a money belt, slipped them on and followed. Her face was alight with joy, she had worked out where she was going and could not wait. She reminded herself she must look grave and concerned when she said goodbye.
Nobody spoke in the stable, Belkin had not only saddled and tacked the grey, but had chosen a beaten up saddle and old tack, though well oiled. He eased open the door, looked outside, and nodded.
Asmara saluted them, and was through the door, vanishing into the night.
Belkin turned to Luce. "Uh, we forgot to check how she will get in touch with us. So we can tell her when to come back."
Luce allowed a faint smile. "Don't worry about it. She knows how to get in touch with me, and she will contact you if I'm gone. I expect she will send us both a message and another for the King. We've prepared for this day for the last six months since we got a pipeline into Rotherstone's plans."
She wiped her eyes and was gone.


Fearaigh
Mot raised her head, looking at the trees and her hackles rose.  A big, tawny dog with black patches around her eyes, resembling a wolf.  Patraigh instinctively pressed his knees to turn his horse and drifted towards the copse at which she stared.  He rode along a low ridge overlooking a green valley through which a large cattle herd moved.  As he approached the trees, wolves ghosted out to overlook the herd.  Pat leant back, un-strapped the short spear from under his leg and squeezed his legs to urge the horse into a gallop, fearing he would be too late.
  The lead wolf turned and inspected him, its tongue lolled from one side of its mouth while yellow eyes gleamed, even from the distance. Without thinking, Pat leaned forward and squeezed his legs again, urging the horse to top speed, barely conscious of Mot racing alongside him.  The wolves watched him come for a moment, then as one, turned and raced away, vanishing into the birches.  He slowed as he came to where they disappeared and Mot cast around.  She checked in with her eyes.
  "Enough, girl, we've given them a scare," he said, his voice loud enough for the dog to hear.
  Pat moved through the trees, his grey eyes intent on the ground, looking for tracks.  Nothing.  Mot circled ahead, nose down, tail waving.  He thought it through.  The pack were not scared, they were being wary and they would be hungry.  They would come back.
  What would they need?  They did like that cliff.  It was not high, but enough to kill cattle that bolted and they knew it.  Easiest way to kill cattle was with gravity, no risk to the wolf and wolves did not take risks.  The cliff was still on the far side of the herd, and if the wolves got ahead, they could still bolt them towards it.  However, they would be wary now, and would check out the land first.  That meant the hill ahead, only place they could go.
  Pat squeezed his horse into motion, and cantered towards the hill, Mot following behind.  He knew he needed to get there first.  He was sixteen years old, a tall, black haired boy who thought he knew it all.  He did know animals, better than most, and was elf-taught in the woods.
  He learnt a lot about wolves as a child, and lost all fear of them.  The bitch was the true leader of the pack, not the dog.  He might be the fighter, but he did what she told him, not that Pat could understand or hear her speak but it felt right when he put it that way.
  Now, in the autumn, the time the ranchers took the crop of young cattle to market, was the time the young wolves learnt to hunt.  The old wolves taught them the easiest ways - and that included chasing herds over cliffs.  They also taught them caution, but with some youngsters, they had to learn the hard way.  Just like people.
  He came up to the top of the hill and reined in, looking down the far slope with a sprinkling of young trees over it, all at an incline with the prevailing wind off the sea.  Off to his left he could see the herd snaking out towards the gap in the hills, beyond which the trail led into town and the first farms.
  Mot growled, and he saw the first wolf at the same time.  It stopped and snarled at him.  Pat unclipped his bow from its holster and strung it, pulling a long arrow from the quiver, checking that it was a broadhead.  That would stop a wolf, stun it on the head or chest, but needed to be sent on the slant if it was to slip between the ribs for a killing strike.
  The wolf watched him for a moment, turned and loped away, unhurried.  He saw it in full view heading away from the herd in a direction from which it would be hard to come back and attack.  He smiled.  The wolf was sending him a message - Pat was too ready and too dangerous.  That wolf had seen a bow used before.
  He watched as other wolves appeared out of nowhere and followed the leader, and switched his attention to the low bushes.  Would the young wolves go too?  Or would they itch to find out why the older wolves had given up?
  A bush moved, and he smiled.  Smoothly, he drew, held the arrow for a moment as he checked the wind was steady, and released.  As he watched the flight, he replaced the arrow.  It went in a graceful arc off to the left of the bush, caught the wind and swung round to thump through the bush. There came a yelp and a wolf was running, unhurt, untouched, but shocked and startled, away and after the others, joined by three more, all with their tails down.
  He grinned, and decided retrieving the arrow would be more trouble than it was worth; he did not want to get off the horse in case another youngster was still waiting.
  He sat on his horse, watching the pack disappear.  The horse watched as carefully as he did, a lot more concerned than Pat.  He waited there until the herd passed the danger point, then galloped down to the rear and set Mot to hurrying up the last of the cattle.
  His father came round to him and said, "All clear?"
  "Yup.  Too late for them to do anything now, they can't get them to the ravine so they'll give up."
  His father looked blank for a moment, and said, "The ravine?  The cliff?  You mean wolves?  They drive the cattle to it deliberately?"
  Pat stared at him in astonishment.  This was his father.  Surely he knew?
  "Uh, sure dad.  They can kill more easily and safely if they drive them over a cliff.  They know that - that's why the herds always get hit here."
  "Can't be.  They're just animals - how would they work it out?"  His father dismissed the thought and moved off to the right of the herd, shaking his head.
  Mikkel came up beside him, and pulled down the cloth from over his mouth to stop the dust raised by the herd.  "Had a mite of trouble, I see."
"No, not really.  Why do you say that?"
  Mikkel smiled.  "You're missing an arrow from your quiver." He pulled up his cloth and swung away to chivvy along a bullock after a clump of tasty grass miraculously untrampled.
  Pat reflected his oldest brother might seem slow, but he missed little.  He spat dust from his mouth and pulled up his neck cloth.
  They came over the rise.  His father, with his distinctive white hat, had gone ahead and was talking to men at the yards, still a couple of miles away across the plain.  The city of Rikklaw's Port spread out behind it and the ocean gleamed in the distance.  He thrilled inside, as the sight of the sea always gripped him, and he stood in the stirrups, seeing sails white against the blue.  Mikkel came up beside him.
  "Ah, can't wait for a beer.  I'm as dry as that last creek after eating this damn dust all week."
  Pat grinned at him.  Mikkel's fondness for beer explained why their mother banned it at home.
  "And now it's time we found you a girl and show you what it's all about." Mikkel went on with a grin.
  Pat's face was panic-stricken.  Mikkel laughed. His little brother might be wise in the ways of the wild, but the city at night was unknown to him.  Girls gave him enough trouble at home.
  "Don't worry, laddie.  I'll find you a knowing one who will teach you what to do.  Mebbe not the first night, though, as you'll be worse for wear on beer."
  "I'll be fine, no way am I matching you beer for beer.  Just a taste, that's fine for me."
  "Ah, that's what they all say.  You'll be in there with all of us an' there's a game or two to teach you.  Just don't go drinking with strangers - I'll keep an eye on you."
  Pat thought gloomily that he would be fine for the first hour, after which his brother would be too pissed to notice anything.


The yards were made of wood, and the entrance was a wide funnel into which the cattle went without fuss, ending up milling about in the large paddock.  As Mikkel and Pat shooed the last through the final gate, a couple of men they didn't know pulled a gate round and rammed some poles through it and the wall to hold it secure.  Simple and clever, thought Pat, seeing how strongly stakes braced it on both sides.
  One of the men saw him looking, and said, "When they panic, they remember which way they came in and they hit it pretty hard.  This'll hold 'em, don't you worry."
  His father came over to them. "Right lads, good job you've done.  Get the horses into the horse paddock, give Rabbie a hand with the spares when he comes in with the wagon and then I have a treat for you."
  That got everyone's attention.
  "What's that, dad?" asked Selwyn.  "Girls?"
  "Randy young pup," said his father, swatting him.  "No, I've booked rooms at the Herdsman's Inn and the bathroom.  There's a hot bath for each of you so you’ll smell sweet for the ladies when you go out later.  Right now, Sel, you smell like a horse that's been rolling in bullshit."
Shouts of laughter and agreement, and Mikkel pushed Selwyn towards the horse trough.  He swayed, but kept his balance and came back with a soppy grin on his face.
  "Now, before you all rush off, we'll have a drink at the bar together like civilised folk and I'll give you some coin.  I've got an advance from the buyers already, and it's a good one.  Seems we're the first intact herd to come through this season and the fattest.  All the others had run from wolves a mite and lost weight."
  "We have Pat to thank for that," said Mikkel with a glance at Selwyn.  "Mayhap he deserves a bonus, dad."
  There was a general cheer to this and Pat blushed and mumbled, but nobody could hear over the general noise.  He felt his arm grabbed and squeezed and saw his sister Sal smiling at him.
  "To be sure," said Dad, "now let’s off to the Inn for that bath and we can drink his health."


The Herdsman's Inn was a big place, no longer on the edge of the town which had grown, and the stable no longer had horses in it - they were outside of town.  Instead, it was a huge bathing area, with individual tubs beside what had once been a long horse trough, raised into the air.  To fill your tub you pulled down a short slab of wood and water cascaded into the tub until you pushed it back up.  The tank was on top of the building where the water warmed in the sun.
  Pat did not look to see where the water came from, just ripped his clothes off, jumped in and let water cascade over him and into the tub.
  "Great idea, Pat." shouted Sal from the next tub as she copied him.  "Sel!  Get us some soap before you jump in."
  "There's a bucket full of it by each tub, Sal," said Mikkel, "But don't tell Selwyn - he'll be gone for half an hour looking for it in the kitchen."
  The tubs were big enough so Pat was able to get completely under water, which he did as soon as it was full enough and tried to see how long he could hold his breath. He felt something prod him hard in the stomach and shot up spluttering to see Sal laughing at him.
  "Wash your hair properly," she scolded, "and I will check to make sure you don't have lice."
  "Aw, give it a rest, Sal!  Nobody's got lice."  It did not do him any good.  She climbed out of her tub and came and checked, lathering his hair up. He did not notice her expression as she went back to her own tub, but Mikkel did.  Everyone says goodbye in his or her own way.


In the bar, Pat was the last to arrive except for Sal.  His dad grabbed his arm, pushed Mikkel away and said, "I need to talk to you, lad.  Let's go over there where we can have some peace."
  "No you don't, Dad," said Mikkel.  "This is a family matter, we all need to be there and you must wait for Sal.  Here, Pat, get this down your throat."  He pushed a tankard at Pat, who received it with caution.
  "Mikkel, I think I should talk to Pat first." His father stumbled over the words and Pat wondered what was going on.  Did his dad want to give him a bonus without the others there?
  "In your dreams, Dad.  I do most of the work around the ranch anyway, you're just about retired."
  His father wattled furiously, blew up like a frog and was about to explode when Mikkel roared with laughter.
  "And you're no good with sensitive things.  You will say the wrong thing and ruin everything.  Pat's a good lad and doesn't deserve that.  Wait for Sal, she is the one who should explain."
  "What about me?  I'm sensitive." cried Selwyn.
  "Sensitive like a hog," said Mikkel.  "You can listen but say the wrong thing and I'll flatten you.  Sal will do the talking, we're there for support."
  It was going a bit fast for his father, who was feeling bemused now, not having shared his intentions towards Pat with his other children.  Who of course were one step ahead of him.  Bemused was nothing to what Pat was feeling.  He began to think something momentous was happening and took an incautious swig from the tankard.  His spluttering changed the subject.  Selwyn hit him on the back, while his father and Mikkel laughed.
  "You'll get to like it in no time. Finish that off and I'll get you another."
  "Let's not get him pissed straight away," said his father, "we need to have our chat first."
  Sal arrived at this moment, dressed in a yellow frock that clung to her curves and revealing a lot more breast than any of the brothers had realised existed, despite having bathed with her half an hour earlier.  They all stared, and she smiled with delight, pirouetting for them.
  "Well?  How do I look?"
  "Simply beautiful, my dear.  What can I get you to drink?"
  "Some wine, please, that light white one they have here that smells of roses."
  He moved off to the bar and heard Selwyn hiss behind him, "What are you doing dressed like that?  We'll get in a fight for sure, keeping the men off you."
  "Don't be an ass, Selwyn," said Mikkel.  "She WANTS the men, that's why she is dressed to kill.  Shut your mouth, Pat, just because you've never seen her in anything but jeans before doesn't mean she's a boy."
  "But her boobs," Pat gestured, "They're so much bigger. I mean, when we're swimming or washing, they're not that big."
  "And YOU can stop looking at them right now." Sal glared at him while he looked guilty. "The wonders of clothing, and that's all you need to know.  Now move along and give a girl some room."
  "Sal, we're just going to go over to that cubicle and talk to Pat.  You take the lead, will you; you're really good at this sort of thing."
  "Sure, no problem.  Has anything been decided?"
  "Without you?  No chance.  Wouldn't let dad talk without you."
  "Err, what's going on?" asked Pat.  He was feeling more and more left out, and had no idea what to make of his sister's clothing.
  Sal took his arm and led him over to the cubicle, the others following with dad at the rear with her wine.
  "Pat, you are a very special person.  You have skills the like of which none of us has ever heard.  You should be a priest or a magician, the way you talk to the animals."
  "Umm, I don't talk to them, I just know their habits and what they are going to do."
  "Whatever." Sal waved her arm airily and fixed him with a glance. "Nobody else has a clue what you do and it's frightening.  Not just that, you know more about treating injuries than anyone else, you can read and write and you are the best archer anyone has ever seen.  You seem like a centaur on a horse.  Yet you are the only boy of your age without a girlfriend, hell, half of them are married."
  "Umm, well there's Fiona..."
  "She's not your girlfriend.  It takes a lot more than talking occasionally to have a girlfriend.  You haven't even danced with her and I bet you've never kissed her."
  Pat blushed.
  "Do you know why?"
  Pat shook his head, mute and without a clue what was happening.
  "You are too different.  You are too good for Fearaigh.  Everyone knows it.  What girl wants to get herself pregnant by you and have you disappear?"
  Pat blushed again and started to protest, but Sal was not finished.
  "Oh, sure, the girls like you, like you a lot.  But they know damn well they can't keep you.  None of them want to get too close to you because they know they would burn in your flame."
  At this, Pat's mouth dropped right open.
  "And that's why you are not coming home with us, Pat.  You are too good for us and too good for Fearaigh.  We love you, and we want the best for you.  You need to fulfil your destiny, and that isn't going to happen at home."  She leaned forward and kissed his shocked brow.  He was speechless.
  "Dad, how much money are we going to give him?" She raised an eyebrow.
  "Well, I thought we would buy him an apprenticeship.  I had thought of officer training, but it seems it costs a lot once you are an officer and we can't afford it."
  "But, but, but Mum... and Fiona...and Gary..." stammered Pat.  "Officer training?  I couldn't be an officer."
  "Of course you could. Don't worry about Mum, she wants what is best for you, Gary's the same," Gary was their third brother who stayed at home with a broken leg.  "And Fiona is getting married."
  "She is?"  This was not just Pat, but Mikkel and Selwyn as well, while Connor also seemed surprised.
  "Of course, that fellow from Yellow Pond, can't remember his name.  Anyway, Pat, is there a craft you want?  Join the Priesthood maybe?  Or become a soldier?"
  Pat was distracted, his mind leaping around and not quite sure what to think about anything, so he answered the questions without thinking.
  "Priest would be good, I like the thought of learning so much, but I am too old.  You have to join when you are less than seven.  And I need the outdoors.  I suppose I could be a soldier, but I really would like to go to sea.  I felt something special when I saw the sea earlier, and I do want to go and see the ships.  Do you think I could work on one?"
  At this, Selwyn leaned forward and spoke before a mistrustful Mikkel could stop him.
  "I was talking to a fellow down the bar while I was waiting for you lot.  He's a sailor, and he was telling me there is a new ship just built, biggest ship ever built, that has just finished her trials and is due to sail next week.  They're desperate for crew, because lots of sailors won't go near her, 'cos she is a new type of ship and the Captain is mad, wants to sail over the edge of the world."
  "Really?" said Pat.  "An explorer?  That would be cool!  There isn't an edge of the world, Selwyn.  Don't be dumb."
  "Well, just shows - You're the only person in Fearaigh who would think that.  The rest of us think there is and you'll sail over it if you get too close."
  "World's round Selwyn.  We just don't know what is across the ocean."
  "Why doesn't the water fall off the other side then?" asked Mikkel, staring at Pat.
  Pat was used to this, it always seemed others failed to notice things or listen when others spoke.  Come to that, there were not many others who could read.
  "It just doesn't.  And the people on the other side probably think the same thing as us."
  His dad cut through and brought the subject back.  "So, Selwyn, did the sailor say what sort of people they were looking for?"
  "Err, no, not that I recall.  Shall I go and ask him?"
  "Buy him a beer and bring him over."
  Selwyn left and Sal turned to Pat.
  "Is this really what you want Pat?
  He nodded and smiled.  "I would love to go to sea.   It sounds so exciting, I would be an explorer."  All thoughts of home and Fiona had disappeared.  His dad breathed a sigh of relief, tinged with disappointment, but smiled back when Mikkel grinned at him, understanding and reading his thoughts.  Selwyn came back with the sailor.
  "OK folks, this is Mep.  He's a fisherman and knows all about the ship."
  "Welcome, Mep.  I'm Connor and these are my kids, Sal, Mikkel, Patraigh and Selwyn you've met."
  Mep grinned and ducked his head, winking at Sal.  "Pleasure, folks.  So 'oo wanna go t' sea then?  Ya is it, youngun?
  Pat nodded and smiled back at the affable man, trying to understand his broad accent.
  "Have you sailed on big ships?"
  "Norra me!  I'm an inshore man, don't git out o' sight of land case I can't git back.  Make my livin' from the fishin'.  Jus' sold a case ta the landlord so ya've a good fish pie or fried fish for supper."
  "What do you know about the big ship that is going off to explore the world?"
  "The Queen Rose?  Lovely lookin' ship she is, bloody huge too, beggin' your pardon ma'am.  A carrack, they call hers.  They're havin' some trouble fillin' up her crew, so ya'd git a berth, no trouble."
  "What sort of job would I get?"
  "Well, She's a merchant, see.  So she needs all sorts.  Sailors, but also sojers though youall is expected to fit.  Not that she looks for it, but pirates attack merchant ships alla time, an' ya never know when yore gonna bump inna Spakka ship an' they'll always have a go atcha if'n they can.  So they need sojers for dee-fence.  Blademen, arrer shooters, pikemen, all sorts.  But they also need cooks, chippies, all sorts o' craftsmen 'cos They're gonna live on that ship for ages.  I hear they're even takin' animals along so they need a farm boy to shovel shit, beggin' ya pardon, ma'am."
  "I'm a range hand, not a farm boy!"
  His dad interjected. "Is there some sort of apprenticeship I can buy him to help him on his way?  How much money will he need?"
  Mep looked at his empty tankard, which Selwyn took wordlessly and headed for the bar.
  "Nope, don't give him money.  If ya want, ya give the Cap'n some dosh.  Dunno how much a share is, but it gives him rights to some o' the profits when they git back.  These merchants are a team, see.  Nobody gits any pay, they git a share o' the profits when they git back.  If ya put money in it, ya git more money at the end o' it.  Providing it makes money, o' course.  Don't need any money on board, an' ya can ask for some if in a port, but best not.  You'll want to go an' get drunk an' chase the skirts when ya git to port, but believe me That's a bad idea.  Many a sailorman never cum home again 'cos o' that.  Ya can't trust furriners, they do odd things."  He fell silent, eyes unsighted as a memory played.
  "What do you suggest I do?" asked Pat.  "I'm a good archer, and although I can look after animals I would rather learn to be a sailor."
  "He's clever too," said his dad, "how does he go about becoming an officer?"
  "Waal," said Mep, not knowing the answer. "Becomin' an orficer takes time.  Ya don't just becum 'un.  Ya works ya way up through the ship.  Start off as a hand, young 'un, then learn ya way about the riggin', That's the sails an' masts an' shit, beggin' ya pardon, ma'am.  Ya do good, they make ya a bos'n, but ya mest asken the Cap'n if'n ya can figure that navvigashun stuff, that tells ya where the ship is, see.  That's the key to bein' an orficer.  Me, I can't do that, why this 'un stays where 'e c'n see the land."  Mep grinned broadly, and Pat stared at him in amazement, seeing a new life opening up in front of himself, with a picture of shipboard life forming graphic images in his mind.  New opportunities were rushing into his imagination in a tidal wave.
  "Dad, I've got to do this.  Sal, thank you so much.  All of you.  You are right, I have to go and this is just fantastic.  Mep, how do I go about getting a berth?"
  "Waal, laddie, ya jist rock up at that ship abaht an hour or two afta dawn.  They'll be up.  An' ya asken for the mate.  He's a verra important man, he is, yessir.  He's yer lord gawd almighty for the next year or two.  He's the one who decides iffen ya git a job or not.  Iffen he ses yeah, and he will, laddie, no trouble 'cos they are short o' hands, then ya tells him ya want to put some dosh in tha ship, an' he'll take ya to the Cap'n to discuss it, so he will."
  Mikkel leaned forward at this point.  "So why are they so short of 'hands'?  Why don't people want to go?  Is he a bad Captain?"
  "Cap'n Larroche?  Nah, 'e's sound as a bell, 'e is.  Lovely man, 'e is.  Runs taut ship, no trouble aboard, makes money for alla crew.  Iffen anyone can go hexplorin', 'e's ya man.  But nobodies done it, see.  It's a new thing, see, an' lots o' folk liken me, scairt we is.  See?"
  They did.  In the silence Mep drained his tankard and smacked his lips noisily.  Pat jumped up.
  "Let me get you another one."
  "S'arright laddie.  Full tank I 'ave.  An I gotta talk to me mucker there.  'Bout the fishin' actual, so cummalong an' ya might pick up summin'."
  He took Pat off with him, and Selwyn got up to join them, turning as he left and Pat was out of earshot and spoke to Sal.
  "Fiona?  Getting married?  To that prick from Yellow Pong?  Is she quite mad?"
  "Don't be an ass, Selwyn.  Fiona will wait for Pat to come back for the next two years, if not more.  But do you think he would have gone if he thought that?"
  "But, but, you said all the girls were scared of him because he was so bright and different."
  Sal sighed.  And sighed again, as she realised that all the men were looking at her in confusion.  "Guys, the only reason that Pat is without a girlfriend is because he is too shy to ask them.  Plus they are busy fighting as only girls can to ensure than he is never alone with any of them.  They all want him more than anyone else because he is mysterious, different and bright.  They know he is going to do well for himself and want to latch onto him for the ride.  If he had ever gone to one of the dances, they would have fought over him."
  Mikkel roared with laughter and slapped his dad on the back.  "See?  Didn't I tell you she was the one who had to talk to him?"
  Connor looked worried.  "Ah, that was all well and good while we were around and able to shepherd the wrong 'uns away, but he won't have anyone to do that now.  What'll happen if some bitch latches onto him without us to help?"
  "Too late for that now, Dad.  You can try and extract a promise that he doesn't wed till he can bring her home, but he's not fool enough to do that.  Some girl will teach him a lesson or two, and it won't be long now, I reckon.  But he'll have to learn how to handle her the hard way.  We can't help him anymore.  It's called growing up."




Farewells

Pat woke and wondered where he was.  He seemed to be lying in a blanket that moved and it came back to him.  He was going to sea.  He was a sailor.  He was an explorer!  They were going to find out what was out there beyond the edge of the world, the first people from Harrhein to venture out of sight of land.
  His father had brought him aboard yesterday afternoon, and they had been delighted to take him, the mate pleased with his ability as an archer.  He was in his hammock, something he had never seen before let alone used.  The harsh weave scratched his skin, and he breathed in the smells, identifying them in his mind.  Unwashed bodies, normal and ignored.  The fascinating new smells of the sea and the tar that was everywhere on the ship. He carefully and gingerly sat up, managed to get his legs over the side and stood up without too much trouble.
  Most of the other hammocks seemed occupied, snores and grunts coming quietly from most, but a pair of eyes were smiling at him from the next one.  Big green eyes from under a rough black fringe, with a miraculously clear complexion transforming the strong regular features into beauty.  He recognised the girl, Sara, who had joined up at the same time as he did.
  She copied him and said, "Ha!  I was wondering the best way to get out of this thing.  I think it is awhile before breakfast, any chance of a wash, do you think?"
  Washing had not occurred to Pat, but his bladder was pressing him.  "Let's have a look."
  They left the wardroom without a sound and went up on deck.  They could hear splashing from the seaward side, walked over to some piles of clothing and looked down.  There was a raft tied to the side of the ship and a couple of people were washing from it while a man was peeing against the ship.  A rope ladder led down to it.  Pat started towards the ladder.
  "What do you need a ladder for, slowcoach?" cried Sara and he turned to see that she had stripped off her clothes and was running to the side of the ship.  "Come on, get a move on." she laughed at him and dived into the water.
  Pat gaped.  He had never seen anyone dive, let alone from that height.  He stripped , but jumped instead of diving.
  The water was chill but invigorating and he shook his head vigorously as soon as he came up, feeling the rush of blood and looking around warily for Sara.  His limited experience of girls was that ones who talked to him would also likely try to duck his head under the water.  She was looking at him with an evaluating eye from a few yards away, taking in his broad shoulders.
  "Pat, isn't it?  How well do you swim?" she asked.
  "Well enough for a plainsman, I guess," he replied with care, becoming even more concerned about her.  "I've swum across the Granthel in the mid plains.  It's wide there."
  "Good." she said.  "Let's get some exercise and work up an appetite for breakfast.  Swimming is the best, exercises everything.  Come on, we can swim out to that island near the harbour mouth and back."  And she was off.
  Pat was a little startled, he had not thought of swimming as exercise, but he had never had to think of anything as exercise.  Life was a constant exercise.  However, he was willing and started after her, thinking as he did so he might need the exercise on the ship; there had not been much heavy work yet.
  He was barely three quarters of the way back when he saw her standing on the raft, shaking her hair dry. As he climbed out, he heard one of the men say to her, "Breakfast will be in about ten minutes.  You're well out of the fo'c'sle, Bos'n will tip the other newbies out of their hammocks.  Get to the galley with your plate and mug early.  Last ones will do the washing."
  "Err, what's the galley?" asked Pat, staring at the sailor.  "And the fo ca sel?"  The sailor grinned amiably.  He was of medium height, stocky and packed with muscle, with long dark hair tied into a pigtail with a bit of string, and big gold hoops in his ears.
  "Galley is where the cook gets the food ready.  Up forward where the wind blows the smoke away.  Fo'c'sle is where you sleep.  Really, it's the forecastle, 'cos the ship has a castle at each end, kind of, and the front one is called the fore."
  "Why do you call them castles?" asked Sara.
  "When pirates have a go at us, you'll see.  Cap'n"s had a lot of experience, and the high part of the ship gives you a big hand when they try to get aboard.  This is the only place they can get on, and they have to climb up again.  We can fill them with arrows from up there, and chop down at them with axes and cutlasses.  You'll see some chests at each end, they're full of arrows."
  "Doubt they'll fit my bow," said Pat.
  "Ah, you're the longbowman?" said the man, looking at him with interest.  "I'm Jem, glad to have you aboard.  You'll be useful, for sure.  Have a word with the mate, show him some of your arrows and he'll get some in before we sail.  Anyway, I'm off to get some grub."
  Sara and Pat followed him up the ladder, retrieved their clothes and shrugged them on, following him towards the galley.  Breakfast was fresh bread with cheese, the bread still steaming.  They took it outside and sat on the rail to eat.  Pat wolfed his food greedily, savouring the nutty taste of the bread, a very welcome change from the food on the trail. Sara looked unhappy at her plate and ate slowly, as if she didn't like it.
  "Want help to finish it?" Pat asked, looking at the half-eaten bread and not noticing her grimace of distaste.
  "Go for it," she said, passing it over.
  "I love the nuttiness and the chewy bits where the flour wasn't finely ground," he said as he chewed with enthusiasm, missing the look Sara gave him, but her reply was lost as screams came from the fo'c'sle, to the amusement of the sailors eating.  A gaggle of the new hands came rushing out followed by a thickset, brawny woman with massive, tattooed forearms. She was red in the face and shouting after them.
  "What sort of useless twats have I been landed with this time?  Lavata love me, what have I done to offend you?"  She cast her eye to the heavens and made a flowing gesture with her right hand.  "Its way past dawn and you lot think you can lie about wanking in your hammocks!  Get a bloody move on, you'll miss out on breakfast if you hurry it.  Ten minutes and I want you lot ready on deck for training."
  One of the new crew was foolish enough to stop and ask a question.
  "Wash?  Wash!  You want to know where to wash?  In the bloody sea, you dolt!" She got even redder, grabbed the boy by the scruff of the neck and threw him over the side.  Pat noticed this was right by the washing platform.  He leaned over to Sara and whispered, "Who or what is Lavata?"
  "God of the sea.  Not heard of him?"
  "Err, no.  Didn't know there was a god of the sea, thought there was just one god."
  The Bos'n kept harrying the new recruits, until she bellowed, "I'm two short.  Where are the bilge rats hiding?"
  "Sir!" answered Sara smartly.  "We've washed and eaten and waiting for orders, sir."
  The Bos'n started over towards them.  "A bloody soldier.  Fat lot of good you're going to be on a ship.  I AM NOT A SIR!!!!  The Cap'n is Sir.  The officers are Sir.  You call me Bos'n, understand?"
  "Yes Bos'n."  Sara answered, poker faced and staring to the front, almost standing to attention.
  She glared at Sara for a moment, and went off to collar a bedraggled recruit coming up the rope ladder.
  Sara smiled at Pat and said, "She's only pretending, and she's not very good at it.  An army bully sergeant would have her for breakfast.  She's just trying to get the new lads into sailors as fast as possible.  Easier when they're scared of you."
  "How come you know so much?" Pat stared at her.  He was not used to somebody the same age, let alone a girl, know as much if not more than he did.
  "Oh, I've been around.  Done some soldiering - interesting she picked it up straight away.  Bet she was in the army once.  Come on, let's get over to that net.  I reckon we'll be climbing that this morning."
  Pat looked over, and saw what he had taken for rigging was, in fact, a net leading from the side of the ship up to the first spar.
  "Hmmm." he tested some of the rope.  "Looks a bit ratty, though.  Older than the rest of the rigging. Some of those strands won't bear anyone's weight."
  "Umph.  Take care, Pat.  Likely a trick here."
  There was no time for anything else.  The Bos'n was harrying everyone over and standing them under the net.
  "Right, lads.  You want to be sailors, so first thing we need to do is get you up in the rigging.  There it is, behind you, get up that rigging quick smart.  Climb you wharf rat!" this last screamed at a man who seemed to be about to ask a question.
  As one, the recruits turned and started scrambling up the net.  Sara raised an eyebrow at Pat, and moved off to the side of the net, grabbing the support rope and used that to go up.  Pat ran to the far side, noticing the rope frayed in places throughout the net.  As a good cowboy, he knew good rope, and thought Sara had done the right thing so he grabbed the far support rope, which looked sound.  He had barely gone two yards up when there was a scream and a crash, and two bodies were lying on the deck grasping bits of rope in their hands.  He did not look down, concentrating on finding sound rope and moved up as fast as possible.  More cries, as he reached the spar a resounding crash and he looked down as he pulled himself onto the spar and grabbed the next set of rigging.
  The entire net had broken in the middle, leaving the supporting ropes and all the recruits were in a mess on the deck except for him and Sara who was grinning at him from the far side of the spar.  The Bos'n was screaming at the recruits with a big smile on her face.  Pat saw the rigging was now sound rope and a ladder going up to a platform where the next spar joined the mast.  He was there in moments, before Sara, who said, "Well done."
  The next ladder going up was in reach, so he reached for it and headed up, with Sara behind.
A female sailor went up to the Bos'n, indicated the two at the top, and said, "Me and Nils will take those two now, Bos'n.  Natural topsailsmen, they are, we'll have them ready by tomorrow."
  The Bos'n looked up at them.  "Fine.  Make sure they don't try a quick way down till you are sure of them.  Don't want them falling from up there.  No tricks in front of them, right?"
  "Sure boss."  She turned to go.
  "And don't forget rowing training.  They are not excused that."
  The woman and another young man swarmed up the ropes and joined Sara and Pat in the crow"s nest, standing on the ropes rather than on the platform.
  "Hi guys, I'm Else, this is Nils," said the woman.  "We're topsailsmen, and you've just joined us."
  "Good show," said Nils, "but now we need to make sure you don't get too confident and do anything stupid.  What are your names?"
  "I'm Sara, this is Pat.  How can you stand on the rope like that?  It hurts."
  Else laughed.  "Your feet will toughen up in no time.  I'm glad you two were smart enough to recognise good rope from bad.  You know rope?"
  "Not really," said Sara, "but I was expecting a trick."
  "Uh, I do," said Pat.  "I worked on the range with cattle, used a rope a lot.  Made my own too."
  "Good." said Else.  "One of the main things we do is check all the rope every day - and if you don't know rope it's all our lives that are at risk.  Rope wears away, just from the wind.  We are always replacing it, and greasing it where it rubs.  You will see in some places, like there, see, we have wooden beads around the rope to help stop it wearing.  We replace the beads too and they usually need lots of grease.  Come, we'll do a check now and at the same time we will show you how to walk in the rigging.  Sara, you come with me, Pat with Nils."


Captain Larroche stood on the poop deck, the highest deck on the ship.  It was at the stern, with only the officers’ cabins behind it and featured the steering wheel and a view over the entire operating deck of the ship.  Sourly, he watched the Bosun hazing the new recruits.
  "It's not enough, Brian, but I want to sail on the morning tide."
  "I'm sorry, Captain," replied the first mate.  "It's been hard.  None of the experienced fishermen or coastal sailors will come near us.  They don't trust our sailing master, him being foreign.  Not that any of them know how to sail a ship like this.  Sailors don't like being out of sight of land even less.  We are left with the raw recruits.  I have been looking for people with balance, woodsmen, country people and the like."
  "How are they shaping?"
  "Well enough.  One pretty boy, sort of, but he's a tough bastard too.  Reckons he's the best archer I've ever seen, and says it matter of fact, not boastful at all.  Asked him to put an arrow in a barrel for me, and he laughed, said it was too close.  Pulled out the biggest damn longbow I have ever seen, marched off a good extra hundred paces and smacked it right in the middle.  Another archer, a girl, says she's a mercenary, but too young.  High born, I think, running from a forced marriage.  A bunch of toughs from the streets of Praesidium.  Mixed lot, but we do need the strength.  Some farm boys and for some reason half a dozen tavern girls.  They're shaping up and will do a job.  Fourth Mate will cause trouble and he is poor at his job."
  "I know what you think of the Fourth Mate, but he bought a lot of shares.  The archers, are they good enough for our pirate plan?"
  "Yup.  The boy for sure and there is something very tough about the girl.  That's them both, up with the topsailsmen."
  "Good attitude.  What about the toughs?"
  "We might have trouble.  Mixed bag of pimps, thieves and enforcers.  Let's see how your speech goes down.  Bosun's got her eye on them.  My biggest worry is that fourth mate."
  "Bit of a playboy, no harm in that I suppose.  Swears he's a sailor, and he has an idea of navigation but his rutter is damn nigh empty.  He bought a big share in the trip, though.  You worried he will bother the female crew?"
  "The way he talks?  Too right.  I told him if he bothered the girls I would put him in with the Bosun for the night."
  The Captain laughed.  "Has he seen her yet?"
  "Yup.  He laughed till I introduced them.  She'd been listening and played along well, pinched his arse and promised to carry him off.  Frightened the life out of him.  But he did say that although he did like the ladies, he had a foolproof plan to make sure he didn't upset any of the crew."
  "Did he say what it was?"
  "No, just smiled."
  "Hmmph.  Please God he doesn't fancy the animals.  I'd beach him, but we haven't enough investors.  Bit short on trade goods despite the crown's backing."
   "You always say that sir.  It will be enough - where we are going they will fill the ship, and we'll have more than enough for the second trip.  If we can find our way back."
  "Oh, we will - this priest knows his stuff.  Just hope there is still a crown when we get back, not sure that they are aware of the unrest being stirred up by this new parliament."
  "No business of ours.  We'll still trade, no matter who runs the country."
  "Taxes will go up whoever wins."  The Captain ended gloomily.  "There's the priest arriving now, with his assistant.  Get him settled and let's have a look at his charts.  Ask the sailing master to attend us as well.  Just the soldiers we are waiting for now.  They were supposed to be here yesterday, present from the Crown to save us from pirates."


There was a knock on the cabin door and Brian put his head round it.  "Crew assembled and ready for you Captain."
  "Excellent Brian.  I will be right there."
  Captain Larroche picked up his hat and walked to the door, placing it on his head as he strode out, automatically ducking under the lintel. He strode to the railing overlooking the main deck where the entire crew assembled, not in any particular order; they were not a military organisation.
  He stood for a moment and cast his eye over them.  They looked good, he noted, keen and anticipating his words, no signs of unease or fear.  His topsailsmen were in the rigging he noted, just the two new recruits with the old hands.  He winced.  They would need more.
  His old crew were noticeable as being older, and most of them married to each other with a few kids sitting cross-legged at their feet.  The cook's assistant was nursing her latest babe, he noticed.
   "I have called you together to have a few words with you as a crew.  You newcomers need to understand how we operate - we are a family, a large extended family and we know each other intimately.  We will all profit from this venture, with a division of shares according to our status, but the majority of the money is contained in this ship and its trading goods.  It allows us all to live well, as a family.  You are now part of this family, though on probation.
  "We expect this trip to take about three months.  Maybe less, probably more.  We could be gone for over a year.  During that time, you will get to know us, and we will get to know you.  You have been selected to join us not just on your abilities, but on how well we think you will fit in.  At the end of the voyage, we trust we shall welcome you all as full family members.
  "We don't have punishments like the army or the King's warships.  Oh, there are extra duties and the Bosun and her mates will shout at you, but there is no imprisonment or beatings.  There is no profit in it.  There is only one punishment we enforce."
  He paused, and ran his eye over the assembly, who were listening with rapt attention, though he noted the more senior members were looking at the new people, and he picked out those who had the most attention on them.
  "We do not tolerate theft, violence or harm to be done to another family member.  And when I say violence, I mean spoken violence as well as physical violence, for words can hurt and cut as deeply as any sword.  If any of you are found guilty of these offences, you will be beached at the first opportunity.  Think on that, because we are going where no Harrheinian has been before, to new lands where you have no idea what life will be like."
  He let his eyes sweep over the crowd again, and saw to his satisfaction there were no worried faces.
  "You should know this, but I wish to emphasize it again now, because tomorrow we sail, with the tide, and this is your last opportunity to leave us.  We bear you no ill will if you cannot abide by our rules, but if you think our laws onerous, do leave us."
  Nobody stirred.
A voice lifted up, cutting through the silence.  "I think I speak for most of us, Captain, when I say I think your laws are good laws and I for one am happy to abide by them."  It was Sara, her voice strong from the rigging, and there was a general nodding of heads from the new recruits and smiles from the older sailors.
  "Yeah, Cap'n, proud to be here."
  "I'll stick with you as long as I can Captain."
  "For life you've got me."
  A few more voices rose in assent, and slowly died out.  Captain Larroche smiled at them.
  "Well, thank you and I am pleased to hear it.  Now remember, being a sailor can be a dangerous thing, I want no stupid heroics putting yourselves and others in danger.  If you fall overboard, it is almost impossible to find you and save you, so DON'T!  We keep a barrel with a flag on it and a few ropes attached at the back of the boat.  When we are sailing, if somebody falls overboard, the barrel goes over the side for them to grab and hang onto and we will try and turn the ship and find you.  Get to the barrel if you can, but beware of big fish we call sharks that follow the boat and eat the rubbish we put over the side.  They will think you are rubbish too.  Topsailsmen, you take especial care.  If you fall from high up, we won't bother looking for you because the water is hard and the fall will kill you.
  "Now, for a more pleasant thought - where are we going?  I am pleased to confirm what I suspect you know - we are going to the fabled spice lands, to Hind and beyond, and this ship allows us to pass out of sight of Spakka pirates and we can bring back the strange and exotic drinks and spices of that fantastic land.  We will find out what is true about it and what isn't.
  "Some of you have met our new sailing master.  His name is Taufik, and he comes from Hind.  Shipwrecked here last year by the Spakka, the only survivor of his ship.  Sailing ships like the Queen Rose have been used there for many years and he has taught us how to build and sail her.  He speaks the languages and will ensure this trip is a success.  He knows the dangerous, warlike people, whom we shall avoid, and those keen on trade and friendship.
  "Bishop Walters is coming with us.  He is a cartographer of great renown, as well as a priest, and has compiled a chart over the years, not just of the lands but also the currents and winds we shall face.  From this chart, we know we can sail southeast for a thousand leagues and we shall come to a chain of islands, fire islands that smoke, which stretch for two thousand leagues.  So we cannot miss the islands."
  The crew realised this was a joke, and laughed quietly, though some were now looking nervous, he realised.
  "The islands are inhabited, the larger ones, but by strange people with brown skin and black hair who wear no clothes.  They are reputed to be cannibals and warlike, but friendly when they see a show of force.  We shall see.  The islands make a route we can follow up to Hind where we shall trade.
  "In the morning, we shall catch the falling tide to take us out to sea, where God's Breath will take us away down to the tropical islands.  We shall be the first men to make this trip and we shall give these islanders a surprise."
  There was a resounding cheer from his old crew, to which most of the new crew joined in, a few rather slowly.  The sound of pipes broke out and a Bosun's mate stepped forward, playing them.  Another Bosun's mate stood beside him and his voice lifted in song as the sound died away to hear his voice.
  The pipes blared and the old crew crashed in, showing their pride with the chorus, while the new recruits started to beat time with their feet, trying to pick up the words.
  Captain Larroche nodded at the Bosun who made a throat cutting gesture at the piper, who ended his song in a squeal of pipes and bowed theatrically at the crew, who shouted and cheered.  Pat felt thrilled and he could feel the energy bouncing off Sara who had a huge grin on her face.  The whole crew was lit up.
  He heard Sara whisper to Else. "There must be more verses - is that the ship's song?"
  "Sure is.  Some of them get very rude too.  You'll love it, and make sure you learn it.  We expect all the newbies to be able to sing in within a week."
Captain Larroche raised his hand and spoke into the almost silence.
  "So we sail on the morning tide.  Curfew tonight is 2 am and I want you all shipshape and rarin' to go at eight bells.  You new crew will have one last afternoon's training, then you have the evening to yourselves and may go ashore.  Don't even think about an advance on your pay.  Dismissed!"
  There was a ragged cheer from the crew, but the Captain did not stay to listen and was gone.  The ship buzzed as everyone started talking at once, until the Bosun's harsh cry echoed over their heads.
  "Right you landlubbers.  This afternoon you will be sorry you came aboard and I don't expect any of you to come back from curfew.  You have half an hour to get some grub down you, then back here on deck at the sound of two bells." She glared at Sara and Pat.  "And don't think you two lah-di-dahs are excused just because you can climb a fucking rope."


Pat and Sara went to the fo'c'sle and found a small teenager standing in the space beside their hammocks holding his own in his hands and trying to work it out.
  "Hi," said Sara, "you new?  I'm Sara, this is Pat.  We're your shipmates."
  "Uh, hello, I'm Perryn.  How do you get these things up?"
  "Simple," said Sara.  "You tie one end in that ring and the other in that one."
  Pat grabbed one end, tied it up, took the other from Perryn, undid the granny knot and tied a sheepshank.
  "He doesn't say much," grinned Sara as Pat blushed, "but he's useful.  That's a better knot; best watch how he ties it as you will need to learn knots."
  Pat obligingly undid the knot and re-tied it, slowly.
  "Thanks," said Perryn.  "Umm, what is it for?"
  "That's your bed," said Sara cheerfully.  "That chest there is yours, you stow your gear in it.  Hmmn.  Robes?  Not much use on a ship.  Haven't you got any trousers and shirts?"
  "Errr, no - I'm not actually crew, I'm a novice but I asked to bunk with you guys."
  Pat looked at him with interest, Sara more critically.
  "Been sent out on your quest?" she asked.  "What's your skill?"
  Perryn looked at her in some surprise.  Not many people knew much about the magical aspect of the priesthood. "Yes, it's my quest, I suppose.  I am helping Bishop Walters, but he has no magic.  Not much vocation for the priesthood either.  He's a cartographer.  I haven't found my own skill yet."
  "Have you got books?" Pat spoke for the first time, a bit eagerly.
  Sara and Perryn looked at him in surprise.
  "Since when could a farm boy read?" asked Sara scornfully.
  "This one can.  It's important to learn things."
  Perryn looked at him with some respect.  "Yes, I have a few.  You are welcome to read them."  He indicated a sack.
  Sara reached in first and pulled out a thick grimoire.  "Haileybury's Analysis of Fire.  You're quite advanced."
  Perryn stared at her.  "You can read too?  And you've heard of Haileybury?"
  "Yup, read it too, but I can't do magic.  Useful to know what you guys can do, though."
  Pat had pulled out another book.  "This one isn't magic.  I know the priest who wrote it."
  "What?  You know Peronnus?"
  "He stayed with us in Fearaigh two years ago."
  "That would be just before he wrote this," Perryn said slowly, looking at Pat.  "He did say something about a youngster showing him about blood."
  "I did take him hunting and showed him a bit," admitted Pat. He realised the others were staring at him and they expected a little more.  "You know, where the blood comes from, hearts and stuff."
  "Pat," said Sara patiently.  She was beginning to understand him after a couple of days.  "We don't know. I haven't read this book.  Nobody knows what blood is, it's just something that comes out when you cut skin. Most people wouldn't even think about it.  Why don't you just accept that and tell us what you know - not everything, just a rough outline, and how you know it."
  "Oh.  Well, I learnt a lot from the Elves and from talking with hunters, and skinning animals.  If you cut up an animal properly, you can see how it works.  There are tubes are in the body, they have the blood in them, they go places and sort of disappear.   The heart pushes the blood along those tubes.  Stop it beating and the blood stops flowing.  Every hunter knows that."
  Perryn spoke faintly.  "So you were the young hunter he spoke about.  He had a lot of respect for you.  There is a huge argument about this book.  The priests don't accept it; lots of people don't believe it."
  "Well, they're idiots.  Speak to the butchers, they know.  Probably the soldiers too."
  "Do you mean lots of people know about this?"  Perryn asked, still faintly.
  "Sure, it's not exactly new stuff.  I was shown it when I was six, first time I helped butcher a cow.  Way I heard, soldiers are taught where to strike and cut up bodies in their training so they know more."
  "But why are the priests not accepting it?  They are very upset about this book!"  Perryn was getting animated.
  Pat shrugged.  He was not much interested and was leafing through the book.
  "I expect the priests don't like being told anything by somebody who is not a priest," said Sara .  "The church is quite hidebound."
  "True," said Perryn, thinking of some lectures.
  "Perryn, nevermind this," Sara spoke seriously.  "Let's concentrate on being sailors.  Something tells me we may be the only ones that can read, never mind have this sort of knowledge and it is probably best not to mention it."
  "We're topsailsmen," said Pat to Perryn.  "Want us to teach you?"


Pat groaned and stared at the hated bit of smooth but heavy oak in his hands.  He was not sure how much more of this he could take and he had noticed Sara stop smiling at least half an hour ago.  First time, he thought.
  They were sitting in a rowboat, called a jolly boat for some strange nautical reason, along with six others, four to a side, each with an oar, and a satisfied, smirking boatswain's mate at the tiller looking at them.  All were exhausted, all had blistered hands, some of them had blood smeared on their oars, but finally they were rowing at the same time and the mate had not bellowed at any of them for at least three minutes.
  "Right ladies," he cried, "blow me for a cocksucker but I think you landlubbers might even be turning into sailors.  Let's see if you can row us back to the Rose, and if you make it with no cock-ups, I'll let you haul me aboard and you can have the rest of the afternoon off."
  The energy in the boat surged and all the rowers sat a little straighter.
  "Now," said the swain, "Let's see if you remember anything.  Larboard, stop oarrrrrs - now!"  Four oars went level without touching the sea.  The boat rapidly turned and the Queen Rose came into the view of the boatswain.  "Larboard, prepare to row - row!"  The four oars came down into the water in perfect time with the starboard.  The boatswain smiled beatifically.  The boat shot towards the mother ship, impelled at speed by eight eager oarsmen.  "Prepare to ship oars high - ship!" screamed the swain.  All eight oars shot upright into the air.  "Chainsman, prepare!"
  Pat passed his oar to Sara who held it, picked up a long pole with a spike and a hook on it and waited as the boat cruised towards the ship, slowing as it did so.  He deftly hooked the chain hanging down the side.  This acted as a pivot for the boat to come around and slap gently alongside the ship, bow pointing towards the bow.  Pat's muscles rippled as he took the strain under the boatswain's watchful eye, while the others moved not a muscle.
  "Right, stow the oars and secure the boat." The boatswain's voice was quieter now, as the crew stowed the oars under the seats and arms reached up to grab the ropes coming down fore and aft from the ship.  Each rope split into two and each separate strand ended in hooks, which slipped into rungs on either side of the boat.  "Climb aboard, lads and well done.  We are the first boat back.  Get her up and your liberty starts as soon as she is secure."
  The rowers swarmed up the side of the ship using the ropes for their hands and walking up the side as they had learnt.  A couple of feet slipped, but regained their hold.  Pat secured his boathook and shot up after the boatswain.  The rowers had laid hold of the ropes and were pulling them as he reached the deck.  The ropes went over a double pulley and the boat rose to the deck in seconds.  As soon as it reached deck height, two waiting rowers pulled another rope and swung the yard back over the ship where the boat dropped into a waiting cradle.  A canvas tarpaulin went over it and they tied it down.
  "Good stuff, lads," cried the swain, "off you go and see you in the morning.  Don't get so pissed you spend your first day at sea chucking up in the scuppers."
  The rowers all cheered and turned to run towards the fo'c'sle.  Big Dan Hemmings cried out, "Don't get pissed, he says!  We're not going to have a drop for weeks, so I'm going to get rat-arsed.  Hey Pat, where are you and Sara going?"
  The assumption irritated Sara, more so when Pat replied, "The Herdsman!  Good pub, great beer and good food, and my family will still be there."
  "Good shout that," said a little chap with a pointed nose who everybody called Rat to the extent nobody could remember his name.  "I've drunk there, great place, barmaids' got tits like the Mountains of the Gods.  Let's all go there, good to go together, we're a team."
  "No we're not, we're a crew!" crowed Pete, "To the Herdsman!"
  "Err," said Sara, who had intended to lie low on board.
  "Don't say it, Sara," said Pat.  "We're not leaving you behind if I have to tie you up and drag you."
  "Oh, alright then.  Just spare me the barmaids."  Truthfully, she found she was looking forward to it, although she was a bit worried.  She had hidden her tracks, surely there wouldn't be a problem.


Paul took a pull on his flagon and looked at the man opposite him.  "She's here.  I can feel it.  I am sure that was her horse she sold - the dealer paid too little for it, so she was in a hurry."
  "Could have been anyone.  Lots of reasons to get rid of a horse in a hurry, and why come here?  Too close and nowhere to go.  She will have made for the Elvish court, mark my words.  The boys in Bardton will pick up her trail, not us."
  "I don't think so - too obvious, the princess is clever.  She is likely to be here, and I am damn sure she is going to be on that ship."
  "Why?  What's the point?  It's a death sentence, they'll never come back or if they do, half of them will be dead."
  "Don't you believe it.  Don't you know the crown is underwriting the trip?  And the Church?  They expect it to succeed and it will.  Just wish we could have got a few more men on board."
  "Yeah, Gerry is a useless little shit.  I guess that's why he got on board, they turned down half my men.  I was sure that somebody like Rafe would get a job."
  "He's a vicious killer and a troublemaker."
  "Well, they'll need that sort if they get into trouble."
  "He'd make sure they did get trouble, and would cause it amongst the crew.  Mark my words, that's why they turned down all your men, to stop in-fighting.  I would too."
  "Hang on, there's Gerry.  Gerry!  Gerry!  Over here.  Glenda, another round and one for my friend."
  A nervous looking man dressed like a sailor came up to the table and sat down.
  "Uh, boss, sorry not to be back before, but this is the first liberty I've had.  Last one too, as we sail in the morning."
  Paul grunted.  "What about the girl?"
  "Uh, I think she is aboard.  There's this girl, she’s damn good and just smarter than everyone else.  Right size, but her hair is wrong.  It's black and short.  Otherwise it would be her.  Moves like a fighter and looks a bit like that painting you showed me, except for the hair."
  "Hair can be cut and dyed.  I need to see her.  Has she got liberty as well?"
  "Yeah, her group are all going to the Herdsman's Inn, if we cut across to Lime Street, we should see them going up it in a few minutes."
  "Right.  Let's go and see.  Glenda, put them back in the barrel, we'll be back shortly."  He jumped up and headed for the door, pushing past the barmaid as she came up with a tray of drinks.  She glared at his back, but his companion put a coin in her hand and winked at her before hurrying after him.


A group of about ten sailors were coming up the street, led by Rat who was delivering a running commentary on the area, shops, people and anything else that passed his mind.  The others were grinning at him and occasionally adding a comment, with Sara in the middle flanked by Pat and Dan.  Perryn brought up the rear looking a little lost and unsure, standing out in his robe.
  Paul stiffened and turned away. "It's her for sure.  Has she seen me?"
  "Nope, carrying on as before, not looking this way at all.  You know her?"
  "Seen her at court and the training arena.  Come on, back to the rooms.  Not you, Wilf, you go and round up Rafe and his boys, take them to the Herdsman's and start drinking at the bar.  I'll come in with Lance and go to the back.  Give us half an hour and start a fight.  Lance and I will take her out with that distraction.  Got it?"
  "Yup, like we got Glanton last year in the Tailings.  Simple, I like it."  Wilf turned and was gone.
  "Uh, what about me Boss?  If I come along, my cover will be blown," said Gerry.
  "So what?" snapped Paul. "The job will be over.  Once she's dead you don't need to be on board.  Wait!  If they see you with us, they may be suspicious.  So go and do what you want, join us at our rooms in the morning."
  Gerry slipped away relieved.  He did not like Paul and thoughtfully considered his position.  He did not like any of his companions, and wondered how a man got into that sort of job in the first place.  He sighed.  A series of bad decisions, taking the easy way every time.  He realised that in his short two days on the ship he had enjoyed himself more than at any time in his life.  For a moment, he considered warning his crewmates, especially Sara, but thought better of it.  He was determined to be on the ship in the morning and would never see Paul again.


Rat pushed open the doors and the crew surged into the Herdsman's, which only had a few customers as it was still afternoon.  They swarmed up to the bar and started looking at the bottles.
  "Rat!" shouted Dan, "I reckon you're a thief, or used to be!" He grinned at Rat's outraged look, especially at the tide of red going over his face. "So you're going to be the bagman.  Here's a sov from me.  Everyone, give Rat a sov.  Rat, you tell us when it's gone and we'll give you another one."
  Rat was still spluttering as everyone threw money at him laughing.  "First time I've seen you speechless." cried Tom, "How come you've still got two hands?"
  "Nah, he's too slow and stupid to be a thief," said Linda, "I reckon he was a wanker looking in windows. EEEEEK!!" She screamed, "a wolf!!!!"
  Something furry blurred down the bar and leapt high at them.  They scattered, except for Pat, who took Mot right on the chest and fell back laughing to the floor in a shower of saliva as Mot licked and barked for all she was worth.
  "So," drawled Sara, "is this the family you said would be drinking in here?" causing the crew to laugh except for Linda who was still having palpitations.  "Aren't you going to introduce us?"
  Pat grinned.  "This is Mot," he said, roughing the dog's neck.  "She normally isn't so over the top, but we've been through a lot together and I reckon she knows I am going."
  "Why don't you bring her along?" asked Sara.  "She could be useful on the ship."
  "Doing what?" asked Dan, "keeping the number of cats down?"
  "No need for that," said Terri, "you'll see Tom eating those fast enough.  But it would be nice to have a ship's dog.  Lots of ships have them, don't they?"
  "They sure do," said Sara, "extra guard when you are in port.  Helpful on shore expeditions.  Worth it, I reckon."
  "Yeah, well this isn't doing anything for my thirst." complained Dan.  "Bartender, gimme a beer - same for all of you?"
  "No way," said Terri, "we're not all hulking brutes.  You got any nice wines for us girls, sweetie?" she smiled at the bartender.  Dan rolled his eyes.
  The bartender smiled at her.  Not surprisingly, Terri was pretty and a bit too well endowed to do a job in the rigging. "Sure, we have a nice shipment in from Varn.  Lovely white wines and we have reds from Westport."
  Sara pushed her way forward.  "Let's have a look at what you have," she smiled at the bartender who started putting bottles on the bar while Dan grunted and squirmed, though the other boys looked on with interest.
  "Ooh!" squealed Terri, "this one looks pretty!  Shall we try this one?"
  "No," said Sara.  "It's thin and sharp and bloody awful, as is most of this stuff.  Where's the Chalk Valley whites?" she asked at the bartender, who looked at her with some respect and started to replace the bottles.
  "Not often we get girls who know wine in here," he said with a smile. "Here, this is from three years ago.  Good year and ideal for the afternoon as a drinking wine."
  "Yes, that's perfect." smiled Sara, "we'll take that."
  The bartender drew the cork with a faint plop and started to pour the glasses, did a double take and put a small amount in a glass and pushed it to Sara.  She tasted it, smiled and said, "Perfect."
  "Why did you do that?" asked Terri as the bartender poured the girls glasses and passed them round.
  "Often the wine goes bad in the bottle if it hasn't been stored right or moved too much by the carter," replied Sara. "Always check your wine first so you can change the bottle if it's bad.  Make sure you remember what each wine you drink tastes like so you can repeat it the next time."
  "Yeah, yeah," said Dan.  "Never mind the girlie drinks, can we get a beer now?"
  "Actually, I want to try the wine," said Pat, "Sara's got me interested and I've never tried wine before."
  "Yeah, me too" said Rat, echoed by Tom.  Dan looked on with disgust as the boys sipped the wine.
  "Wow, that's really good!" exclaimed Pat, "why haven't I found this before?"
  "Because it is much too good and expensive for you, darling," said a new voice and a slender arm plucked the glass from his fingers.  "Farm boys stick to beer because you drink far too quickly and this would be wasted on you."
  "Sal!" Pat cried and hugged her.  "We got liberty and came to have a drink with you.  Hey guys, this is my sister, Sal. Where is everyone Sal?"
  "Oof.  Put me down and get yourself a beer. Hi guys, girls.  Great taste in wine you have, sister.  I'm keeping this glass."
  Sara acknowledged her with a nod and a smile, while most of them chorused a greeting and Dan smacked Rat firmly on the side of the head to deflect his gaze upwards.
  "So, you are all new crewmen?  How do you like it on the ship?  What have you learnt?" Sal smiled at them, which caused Rat to drop his beer.
  They all started talking at once, showing off their blisters and describing their day while Mot curled herself protectively over Pat's feet.  Selwyn came in, shortly followed by Mikkel and Connor.  They formed a large group and soon went over to a long table.  Food flowed out of the kitchen.  When Selwyn started to sing, Sal objected and threw the men off the table to go and make a noise at the other end of the bar while the girls sat and talked.
  More people came into the bar, and soon it was full.  The girls were at one end of the table while another group were occupying the other half.  They were deep in discussion about how to wash hair in seawater without ruining it, when Mikkel wandered over.  Sal eyed him suspiciously, fearing he was drunk, but he smiled and stood behind Sara and listened to the conversation.
  There was a crash from the far end of the bar, and the girls looked over to see Dan swarming off the floor in furious anger at a laughing stranger, while the others started to pull him back, looking very unhappy with the stranger.
  Sal began to stand up when Mikkel whirled and his fist crashed into the face of a stranger at the table behind them with solid power.  The man's eyes rolled up and he fell to the floor, out cold.  As he landed, his arm flung forward, dropping a dagger onto the ground.  Mikkel swerved to avoid the stab of the man's companion, deflected the blow and started to swing at him.  The man put up his arm to deflect the punch and his eyes went wide with surprise as a long arm came under Mikkel's and Sara's knife slid between his ribs.
  Mikkel dropped his hands and caught the man, lowering him gently to the floor as his eyes glazed over.  He nodded approval at Sara and stood up, bellowing above the noise of the impending fight down the bar.
  "CARLSON!  GRAB THAT MAN!  ATTEMPTED MURDER HERE, HE'S THE DIVERSION!"
  The laughing stranger stopped laughing, looked over at Mikkel, frowned and pulled a knife from his belt long enough to be a short sword.  The boys around him pulled back while the bouncers, Carlson and his equally huge assistant, slammed the doors shut and barred them, then advanced on Rafe.
  Rafe looked at Mikkel again, and dropped his eyes to see the pool of blood around Paul, pivoted, put his arm over his eyes and jumped at the window.  And bounced back, the glass cracked but unbroken and the wooden frame still holding.  Carlson picked up the stunned man, broke his wrist carefully to dislodge the knife and threw him against the bar.
  Carlson looked round.  "Did he have any friends?" his voice was high and squeaky, and would have been funny if he was not so menacing.
  "He sure does," said Dan, and grabbed a couple of toughs who looked stunned and came forward at his pull.
  Sara looked at Mikkel and whispered, "You knew this would happen?"
  He grunted.  "Saw the way they acted.  Heard about him before, political killer.  Nasty bit of work."
  "Mikkel doesn't miss much," said Sal, as a matter of fact.
  "I see," said Sara.  "I need to get back to the ship.  I can't be questioned."
  "I understand," said Mikkel, so only Sara could hear him.  "I know who you are, saw you last year.  I'll square it with Carlson.  Give me your knife, it's mine now.  Got another one? Fine. Get the boys together and take them back to the ship.  Go with them Sal, take Selwyn.  And Sal, leave that boy alone."
  Sal glared at him.  "I'll see them back to the ship, no worries.  What are you going to do with this shit?" She kicked the unconscious Lance.
  "Watch him.  I need to talk to Carlson."  He turned and was off.
  "Just what is going on?" Terri's voice was high and frightened, Linda's eyes were huge.
  Sara glanced at her.  "Old feud from my mercenary days," she said.  "Why I didn't really want to come out tonight.  I am sorry you were involved."
  "Is that man dead?  I've never seen a dead man so close."
  "Where the hell are you from, sister?" Sal stared at her. "City girl?  Don't let it get to you; this scum deserved it and a lot more.  Professional killer, right Sara?"
  "Yeah, I killed his employer last year and he didn't get paid.  There may be more in his band waiting outside."  Sara improvised.
  "I know." Sal was all efficiency, Sara was impressed, but Linda and Terri were looking scared, especially at this last comment.
  Sara called over the buzz of conversation in the bar. "Pat!  Dan!  Can you come over?"
  The boys came over reluctantly, Dan giving one of the men a last kick.  They stared at the body on the floor, and the unconscious Lance.  Before they could say anything, Carlson's assistant arrived with a girl in tow.  He picked up a body under each arm and made off with them, while the girl mopped the blood off the floor and left.
  "What..."
  Sal interrupted.  "Seems Sara has a few enemies and they tried to take her out.  That fight with you was a diversion, Dan, so they could kill her.  Didn't work out."
  "Kill her?  You're kidding!" The boys stared at her for a moment.
  "We need to get her safely back to the ship and there may be others out there."
  The boys looked at her for a moment, and Dan and Pat straightened at the same time.
  "No worries," said Dan, "we'll look after her."
  "I'll scout ahead," volunteered Rat.  He looked at the others and blushed.  "I was a thief.  Why I am on ship, to change what I am.  But I got skills.  I'll go over the roofs ahead of you and spot any ambush.  You can depend on me."
  Sara grabbed his hand and smiled at him. "Thanks Rat." He blushed.
  "Leave him alone, He's mine." Sal grinned at her; Rat blushed even more and looked at his shoes.  Sal turned to the girls.  "Are you going to be alright?  Can you get back to the ship without fainting on us?"
  This got a reaction.  Terri gulped, but Linda glared at her.  "We're crew!  In this together.  Tomorrow we may be fighting pirates and killing them ourselves.  We just weren't expecting it here, and it's Terri's hometown.  She's not even been drinking in the docks and she's young.  But she's strong, aren't you love?"
  Terri's eyes hardened and she nodded.  "We'll be fine, not only will we not faint on you, but we'll fight beside you if we need to." She pulled her knife from her belt.  It was a decent length and well used, but sharp.
  Mikkel came up with Connor and Selwyn.  "OK folks, time to go.  I've squared it all with Carlson, he's going to dispose of the body and sort out the others.  We're all coming with you to the ship."
  "What'll happen to them?" asked Sara, her face hard.
  "Don't ask.  Carlson has connections and we've known him for years.  They won't trouble you again.  Now come on, the back door is open and we're going that way."
  Without another word, they filed out through the kitchen into the backyard.  Rat squirreled up the side of an ornate building and was gone from sight with barely a whisper, while Pat slipped ahead, motioning with his hand; Mot crossed the street and ranged ahead.  The others formed a loose bunch and walked down the centre of the street, Mikkel in the lead with Connor and Selwyn at the back, checking behind constantly.
  Sara looked at Sal.  "You're like a military operation.  You seen a lot of trouble?"
  "Yup.  We run one of the biggest spreads in Fearaigh, and we're always getting raiders coming down from the hills, men, elves, even the odd dwarven band, though they tend to treat with us first these days."
  "Elvish raiders?"
  "Renegades.  Not part of the main clan, and they need to win their scars.  Seems we've developed a bit of a reputation, and they try to hit us at least once every couple of years.  They like our horses.  Of course the Elf Queen sends a trading caravan once a year."
  "I didn't know." Sara frowned.
  "Why should you?  We look after ourselves and we're proud of it.  No mercenaries down our way."
  Sara bit back on what she wanted to say, inwardly furious the crown did not know of these raiders into the fiercely independent grasslands.  She changed the subject.  "Is Pat always the scout?  Is he good?"
  "Never seen the like.  We had a renegade elf we healed after a fight, stayed with us for five years.  Said it was because of Pat.  When he was just a little thing he used to take him into the woods and teach him about animals and God knows what else.  Got him shooting arrows earlier than most, probably why he is so good.  Only person I ever saw who could creep up on every animal around.  He used to get into trouble when he was small, pinching cubs and the mamas would come after them.  Funny though, he would always give them back to the mama and they never hurt him.  Seemed like he could talk to them."
  The subject of the conversation appeared in the light at the end of the street, nodded briefly at Mikkel and disappeared into the shadows.  Mikkel kept them going.


  The moon and stars lit the docks almost as clear as daylight, but with plenty of deep shadow.  Two sailors appeared and walked up the gangplank, while Pat slid up a stack of bales.  He stiffened, seeing movement across the quay on another pile and relaxed as he realised it was Rat.
  The main group came up the quay and all went onto the ship.  He slipped down and followed them aboard; Mot appeared from nowhere and went across the gangplank without hesitation.
  "Hang on a moment, let me check the cabin," he hissed, and slipped to the fo'c'sle.  Mot followed him in, her hackles shot up and she raced over to a hammock, growling fiercely.  There was a commotion from the hammock, which twisted and a body was thrashing in it, hanging upside down with a face staring into Mot's teeth, whereupon it froze.
  Others crowded in behind Pat and somebody lit a lantern, revealing a trickle of liquid coming from the hammock, and an acrid smell.
  Dan started to laugh.
  "Mot!" said Pat, "to me now.  Friend."  Mot stopped growling, gave the girl a quick lick and sauntered back to Pat.
  "Bet you wish you had come with us for a drink now, Katie." cried Dan, as the tension dissolved.
  Mikkel raised an eyebrow to Pat, who nodded.
  "Right," he said, "if you folks are all happy and safe, we'll tuck you into your hammocks and get back to some serious drinking.  C'mon Dad, you've said your goodbyes, let's get going."
  "Not so fast," said Sal, grabbing Rat by the hand as he came in. "These hammocks look loads of fun!  Don't you get any privacy?"
  "On a ship!" cried Sara, "you must be kidding.  You could try right up the rigging though."
Pat was helping Katie out of her hammock and introducing her to Mot, not very successfully, as Mot was trying to help and Katie was still terrified and not sure if she was awake or asleep.  Dan helped, less gently and she sprawled on the floor from where Linda pulled her up while Terri hugged Mot and spoke soothingly to Katie.
  Outside there was a noise and the sound of horses coming across the quay towards the ship.  The gangplank creaked as the first feet stepped on it.
  Mikkel stiffened and stepped to the door, Dan and Pat right behind him with Sara slipping in front.  There was a group of men coming up the gangplank, slowly and unsurely, clearly not sailors.  A knife appeared in Mikkel's hand, when Sara gripped it.
  "Soldiers" she breathed into his ear.
  They tensed.  Pat slipped out of the door, picking up his war bow and quiver from the rack by the door and disappeared into the shadows with Mot at his heels, Rat half a second behind went the other way, knife glinting in the moonlight.
  "Ah, hello?  Is anyone here?" came an uncertain voice from the group at the head of the gangplank, well-spoken but with a hard tinge to it.
  There was a noise from the poop and a door opened, shedding some light onto the deck.  The mate came out, swinging a lantern, revealing a group of about a dozen soldiers with a Lieutenant to the fore.  They looked tired and well-travelled, their clothes, even in the dim lantern light, looking dirty and torn, though still showing faint insignia.
  Nothing was wrong with their reactions though, as the dim light reflected on half a dozen knives drawn at the entrance to the fo'c'sle.  In an instant all had drawn swords and were spreading out.
  Pat's voice came sharply, hard and commanding, totally unlike anything any of the others had heard from him before.
  "Stop!  You are covered by war bows and outlined in the moonlight.  State your names and purpose."
  To underline the command an arrow thunked into the deck at the feet of the Lieutenant, who froze, as did the soldiers who all recognised the power and lethal capability behind the broadhead which had come from out of the dark and buried itself a good couple of inches into the deck, leaving a crunching hole.
  "Lieutenant Mactravis and ten soldiers of the Royal Pathfinders, reporting to the Queen Rose as per our orders.  We were detained by weather and some entertainment from Spakka scouts."  He smiled grimly.  "We rode through the night to catch up some of the time, but I regret we are a day late."
  Sara's voice came from the fo'c'sle.  "Relax Pat, They're genuine.  I've seen Mactravis before."
  The Lieutenant's right eyebrow rose slightly.  "I begin to see why we have been detailed.  You are having trouble?  Fill us in and we'll join your watch tonight.  We may have had little sleep for the last couple of days, but standing watch is easy."
  "Just what the hell is going on?" Captain Larroche came out behind his mate, who was looking confused.  "And what in the seven circles of hell is a wolf doing on my ship?"  Mot had come out of the shadows, and looked twice the size in the poor light.
  Suppressed giggles came from the fo'c'sle, but Pat stepped into the light, his bow still strung and an arrow ready, but un-drawn.
  "Sir, we were attacked in town, two enemy casualties, no shipmate injuries.  My family escorted us home.  The wolf is my sheep dog - she came too."
  "Attacked?  What do you mean attacked?"
  "They were after Sara, Sir.  We think it was some old mercenary grudge, as there was not just a gang but a well thought out plan to kill her.  That's why we accepted extra help to come back to the ship."  Pat looked at the Lieutenant.  "Apologies for the welcome, Lieutenant Mactravis.  Did think you were the mercenary gang in the dark."
  "In other circumstances that would be a deep insult, lad.  In these, quite understandable.  You're a hand with a bow.  I've not met many who can draw that length."
  Captain Larroche stepped forward, keeping a wary eye on Mot who relaxed her hackles, went up and looked at the Captain, wagging her tail at him.
  "Right, I think I understand what happened.  Lieutenant Mactravis, apologies for the manner but you are very welcome.  We have reserved a cabin for you, very small I am afraid, and your men have a larger one.  A good thing you rode so hard, as we leave on the morning tide.  Brian, can you show the soldiers to their quarters.  Lieutenant, if you would be so kind as to report to my cabin when you have settled in, say half an hour.  Brian, you be there too. Pat, choose a colleague and take the watch till midnight.  I doubt we will see any activity tonight.  Brian, I thought we had a watch?"
  "You do, Captain." A voice from above, and Else slid down a rope.  She grinned.  "Best fun I've had in ages.  Nils!  Relax the ballista."
  She grinned again at slight reaction amongst the soldiers.  A ballista could be loaded with a sheaf of bolts that could sweep away an assault party.
  "It's alright, fellas, it wasn't pointed at you.  I knew we were expecting soldiers at some time and recognised you guys - the others hadn't been aboard long enough to tell me about the bad boys.  No stowaway attempts either, Cap'n."
  Brian stepped forward.  "Soldiers... - ah Pathfinders, if you will follow me I will show you your quarters.  We'll settle them first, Mactravis." He nodded at the Lieutenant who dipped his chin, then turned to the soldiers.
  "Corporal Strachan, take a detail of three men.  Pass your kit to others and take the horses to the local barracks.  Get a chitty from the quartermaster, wake somebody up if you have to, but get back here within two hours and get the watch to see you to quarters."
  Corporal Strachan sort of saluted, it was a brief gesture at his hat, touched three soldiers, handed his kit bag to another and went down the ramp, sword still out.  The soldiers did the same, all without a word.  It was impressive, and noticeable that now they were aware of trouble in the vicinity, the gangplank no longer creaked.  There was not a sound on the dock either.  The other soldiers followed Brian aft, eyeing Connor, Mikkel, Selwyn and Sal who now came forward towards the gangplank.
  "Who the hell are you?" snapped Captain Larroche, "oh, don't tell me, Pat's family?  You've got the same far-seeing look."
  "Indeed, sir, I am Connor and these are my other kids. Thank you for giving Pat this opportunity."
  "Huh? Ah, I think I should be thanking you.  Quite a lad you have raised there.  Want to get rid of anymore of them?" He eyed the others speculatively.
  "Regretfully I rather need them to run the ranch.  In truth, we need Pat, but he needs to spread his wings.  Now we must go.  We have said our farewells earlier, so let us go.  Mot, follow!"  He turned and started for the gangplank.
  Mot sat down at Pat's feet.
  Connor reached the bottom of the gangplank, turned and realised only Selwyn and Mikkel were behind him.  They looked up to the ship and saw Sal kissing Rat, one hand firmly on his bottom and Pat trying to push Mot to the gangplank.
  He touched Mikkel.  "Get the dog.  SAL!  Come, we are going."
  Sal released the permanently scarred and gasping Rat, gave a little grin, a wave to Sara, ruffled Pat's hair and sauntered down the gangplank with a whistle to Mot who ignored her.  Mikkel went over to Mot, who bared her teeth at him and growled so menacingly he retreated.
  Mikkel and Pat stood over the dog, uncertainly, while Mot retreated away from the gangplank, still growling.  Captain Larroche watched with interest.
  "If that is a sheepdog, you must have bloody big sheep.  Devoted to you, is she, Pat?"
  "Uh, we've spent a lot of time together, sir.  I am sorry, will get her sorted in a minute.  She's actually very well trained."
  Sara slipped up to the Captain.  "They're a team, sir, and a damn good one.  Shame to break it up.  Could be very useful."
  The Captain glanced at her.  "Does she eat fish?"
  "Huh?" Pat was confused. "Sure, she eats most things."
  "Can you train her where to shit?"
  "Uh, sure, that's no problem."
  "I bet.  If I find dogshit on my deck, I'll have you keelhauled.  You are now officially in charge of the ship's dog."  He turned and stomped to his cabin.
  Mikkel grinned, and went down the gangplank to Connor, who did not look too pleased.  Mot clearly understood and came back to Pat wagging, and sat at his feet.
  The Connorsons went off, with Connor grumbling half-heartedly about his dog.
  "I'm pleased she has gone with Pat," said Mikkel.  "Help him to remember us and home, stop him being lonely."
  "Lonely!" laughed Sal.  "With those girls on board that won't last.  That Sara girl, the mercenary, seems to have him well in tow.  Good for him, I reckon."
  "Thought you didn't approve of the girls for him, Sal?" asked Connor.
  "This one's different.  Got that look in her eyes and she's as capable as him."
  Mikkel smiled.  "More than that.  Pat's going to have an interesting time.  That's the missing Princess we've been hearing about, the one that won the fencing championship.  Looks like she has picked on Pat as a guard."
  "Really?  How do you know?"
  "Saw her last year when I went to Praesidium.  She's cut her hair and dyed it, but the same girl for sure."


 
--ooOoo--


A message from the Author

I hope you have enjoyed these three chapters.  Please go to publishizer.com/in-search-of-spice/ to find out more about the book, when it will be published and available.  
You can pre-order the book, and I must tell you that it is possible that some of the names of the characters change by the time the book is in print.  This will happen when you decide you would like your name in the book!
Pre-ordering is an excellent tool.  If we can show the market that there is sufficient interest in the book, it will take on a life of its own as we spread the word.  This will allow me to spend more effective time researching – I really need to go to South India and discuss military matters with Indian historians.  I need to understand Indian knight equivalents, their moral code, and the reasons behind the multitude of wars that swept across the sub-continent at a similar time in our world.  I do like veracity, even in Fantasy.
This extra time will result in better books.  When I describe a city being sacked, I want to have visited the ruins of the city on which the battle is based.  And, oh my, there will be a lot of battles in the next book!
So sorry, nobody has died yet.  Did you want them to?  Not to worry, one of these characters that you have already met dies soon, there is a great battle shortly and something horrible happens while they are at sea.  There are peoples to meet, strange cultures and strange lands waiting over the horizon.  There is excitement, love, betrayal, triumph and tragedy all to come.

Enjoy.

	Rex Sumner

PS Go to www.publishizer.com/in-search-of-spice to order your copy and take advantage of some of the unusual special offers – like your own journey In Search of Spice.
