One

~Dylan~

Dad picked the perfect time to go out of town. Of course, I know he chooses this night on purpose. Every year since Mom's been gone, he's bailed on the anniversary. It works for me though. What am I saying? It more than works. Dad's not the only one who knows how to find a distraction. He's not the only one who needs it either.

Party. My house. Beer. Girls. Yeah, I'm definitely down with that.

I hike across our kitchen and start opening bags of ice and packing them around the keg. My brother Derrick taught me the trick of putting a keg in an old trashcan, and it works perfectly. As ice rattles against the thick plastic, I let myself wonder what Derrick's doing today. I mean, I'm sure he's partying because that's what the Gibson Boys do. I learned from the best. But I can't help wondering if he remembers what today is. If he plans on having an extra beer to wash the memory down like I will. Or maybe college has changed him enough that he'll drown himself in work like Dad does.

I shake my head. Nah, this is Derrick. My brother isn't a sellout.

I jump when something slams into my kitchen door. "Open up! It's the Po-lice."

My heart only skips one beat before I realize who it is. Dumbass. I open the kitchen door and shake my head at my best friend Paul.

"The cops don't say po-lice." His lame attempt at a joke slips my mind when I spot the brown paper bags in his hand. "Nice. Your hookup came through? What'd you get?"

He pushes his way into the kitchen, setting the bags down on the marble counter. "Two bottles of Tequila, two of Vodka, and a couple of Rum. That's all I could score."

My lips stretch into a smile. "That's all we'll need. Cooler's in the corner. Put 'em in there. I don't want anyone in the fridge. My dad's only anal about certain stuff, but the fridge is one of them. He'll notice if the hummus is scooted over a quarter of an inch."

"He may notice, but he won't say anything."

Which is true. Dad's always been pretty laid back when it comes to me and Derrick. "Still, it's his thing, so I don't want anyone to screw it up."

My brother and I may have always known how to get our way with Dad, but we're also a team, the three of us-the Gibson Boys against the world. I don't know. Dad used to joke around like that when we were younger. I used to think it was cool, but now I know what's up. He's trying to focus on the good. He doesn't want us to realize what we're missing. Or maybe it's really that he needs to forget what he's missing. Or maybe I'm over-thinking stuff way too much today. I need to chill.

"The flyers went out?"

Paul nods his buzzed head. "You doubt me? Of course. This museum you call a house will be packed. Tonight's going to go down in history as the best no-costumes-allowed Halloween party Portland has ever seen."

Everyone has costume parties for Halloween. This year we decided costumes would be an automatic ticket out of here.

"Museum?"

Paul pops his knuckles. "Museum. Mansion. Castle. Mall. Whatever the hell you want to call it."

"I don't care what you call my house, but I do want to call you a dumbass."

Okay, so my house is big. All Dad does is work, remember? But the rich jokes get old after a while. Plus, it's not like Paul's mom isn't loaded.

He walks back over to me. "Come on, Dylan. Stop your whining and get'cha ass ready. We're partying in T-minus-one hour, and I have it on good authority that Chastity Edwards is coming just for you. And that girl is anything but-chase? Chaste? Whatever the hell the word is, she's not that."

With laughter rolling off me at Paul and his lame sayings, I almost forget what today is. Forget Dad's off doing God knows what, forget to wonder what my increasingly MIA brother's up to. All I want to do tonight is have a good time.

***

Music is pumping through the speakers, vibrating my heart and probably the walls of my house, too. It's The Black Keys, and I can practically feel every beat as it thumps through Paul's cousin's sound system. He's nineteen, I think, and wants to be a DJ. All I know is he's the guy we always go to when we need someone to man the music. There's not a lot of people I would trust with that job because the last thing I want when I'm drinking is music that makes me feel like I'm going to puke. Jeremy knows his shit when it comes to good tunes.

I down the rest of the beer in my cup. I'm short two vital things for making this night kick the kind of ass I need it to kick-my drink and a girl. It's time I find them both. Stat.

"Hey, Dylan. What's up?"

"Awesome party, D."

"Dude, your parties kick ass," people toss at me.

As I weave my way through what I know has to be ninety-nine percent of our senior class, half the rest of the school, and probably public-school kids, too, I yell my responses. "Nothing. Thanks and thanks." I have that happy-buzz, tingling feeling coursing through my body.

There's a fine art to drinking that a lot of people don't understand. I don't want to make it sound like I'm a lush or anything. Sure, I party every once in a while, but who doesn't? I just happen to be one of the smarter ones who knows what I'm doing. I don't want to end up drinking so much I'm even more depressed than I was going into the night--or praying to the porcelain god.

Once I get my happy buzz, I slow down. Not enough to lose said buzz but enough that I don't turn into a drunk, teenage girl. Have you seen drunk girls? They always start with a girly argument. Then they shift to crying, then hugging, and then to the bizzaro-world of confessions of BFF love.

Yeah, I don't claim to understand girls, but I like them. A lot. Even if I don't trust them. Which leaves me with the tough job of hopefully finding one who, like me, only does the happy-buzz thing.

Pushing through the kitchen doors, I hear, "D! Come 'ear."

Come ear? Oh, here. Paul's still learning how to keep the happy buzz. He's in the corner of my kitchen. Becky's sitting on our expensive-ass table, and Paul's standing between her legs. Bingo. Chastity is next to them, a pair of pants painted onto her long legs and a shirt that shows her belly-button ring. Damn. That's new. And hot. I definitely would have known about the piercing sooner if it wasn't a recent addition.

Her blonde hair is all curly today, like she did something different to it, and she's got tons of makeup on. I fight a groan. I'm not really into the whole makeup thing. Makes girls look too fake, but how do you say that without sounding like a dick?

"Hey, Dylan," Chastity says as I walk up to her. "You look good."

Now, this is the part where I know I'm going to come off sounding too cocky, but I know I look good. I'm wearing my favorite jeans, my new shoes and a black button up shirt left open. Underneath is a nice, white shirt that on its own wouldn't do the trick. Simple, but effective.

"Thanks. You, too." I step up beside her, showing I want to be close to her, but waiting for her to give me some kind of clue she wants the same thing. Even though according to Paul she's here for me, he's been known to get his lines crossed from time to time, and I don't want to assume anything.

Chastity steps closer, nudging my arm with hers. Her mouth is next to my ear, so close I feel her breath. "Thanks for inviting me. It's good to see you."

Paul did not cross his lines tonight. He had it dead on. Before I know it, my cup is full again, and I have my arm draped over Chastity's shoulder. Paul's doing what he does best, which is perform, making fun of this dance he saw, and we're all laughing at him. All the thoughts from earlier are so gone from my head now. I've let them all find their way to the back of my brain to think about another day.

All of a sudden, Paul slips mid-dance in some beer on the floor. My head drops back, and I bust up when he almost falls. When my eyes are forward again, I see her. I'm going to blame it fully on the alcohol, because what else can it be-but I suddenly get a little dizzy. My breath speeds up. She has long, blonde hair. Not super blonde, kind of a dark blonde, and big green eyes. She's curvy, and I can't help but stare. I don't know who this girl is, but she's freaking gorgeous in a totally natural way.

She takes a step and then another one, heading our way. And she's scowling at me. Maybe not at me in particular, but at the whole scene. She's mastered what I like to call The Look. It's when girls crinkle their nose, tighten their mouths and raise their eyebrows in a holier than thou way. I'm not even sure they know they do it, but every. Single. Girl. I've ever met has The Look in her arsenal.

It shouldn't look good on her, but even through the scowl she's hot. She keeps walking forward, and soon she's standing in front of us, arms crossed and giving me The Look face to face.

Forget that I'm standing next to the beer. Forget that the door to outside is right next to us. For some reason, I feel like she came over here for me. And according to "the look," she hates me. I will some witty comment to come out of my mouth. I'm usually good in a clinch. I can pull a comeback or a sarcastic comment out of thin air. Right now, I have nothing.

All I can say is, "What?"

Two

~Ziah~

What?

How do I even answer that question?

He's standing with a plastic cup full of beer, and his arm draped around some girl. It's such a possessive way to hold someone. Like, your body is pressed against me, making me feel all desirable, and I'm using you for an armrest. Nice.

He actually takes a drink while his arm is still resting on her shoulders, and while he's still staring at me.

Wow, he has totally straight, white teeth. And nice hair. Touchable black hair-all messy, but still perfect. Then I let my eyes fall down. God. Of course. He probably spent more than two hundred dollars on his stupid jeans. It's probably his dumb party. And his freaking mansion.

He's still staring. I must be scowling.

The girl under his arm gives me a once-over and looks away. Right. I'm no competition 'cause my jeans aren't two sizes too small. Whatever.

"Someone said there were sodas over here? Fridge maybe?" I reach toward the handle.

"Don't touch that." He almost, almost lets go of the girl with the skin-tight jeans, but not quite. Where would he put his arm?

I hold my hands up. "Fine, whatever." Guess he's anal about his fridge.

"On the porch," he says from behind me.

I don't look back-just wave to say thanks and head for the glass door. When I step outside, I can finally breathe. It's like as soon as I get into a huge group of people like this, I don't know where to put my hands. These aren't my people. My people are with my boyfriend, James, in a biology lab across town. Not in overpriced, over-tight jeans getting wasted.

"I can't believe I got talked into this," I say under my breath.

It's just not my thing. It normally isn't James' thing either. He just heard about it from his cousin. Then my friend Alyssa got all excited, and they begged me to come. But is he here? Nope. Not yet. Oh. And also not answering my texts.

James and I have been dating for more than a year-since the beginning of junior year. It's hard because I didn't see him much over the summer, and since school started again, he's been busy. I love that he's so driven, but it's also hard. We're into all the same things, and we're both headed to med school. So I get it, but I also miss having him around.

I stop and scan the porch for coolers. Oh, perfect. There's a couple making out on the corner of the deck. Who thinks the back porch, even if it's the size of a basketball court, is the perfect place to make out? I'm sure there are like twenty rooms to choose from upstairs.

When I find the thing, I step over and pull open the lid-thankful it's not next to the desperate couple. Tequila, Vodka, Rum. Of course. Why am I here?

It's a Halloween party that forbids costumes. Not that I'd really want to dress up, but who does that? When I said that to James, he said it's also a back-to-school party. So these people do Halloween with no costumes and back-to-school parties two months late? I'm pretty sure they're psychotic.

I should be home studying. Senior year. It's important. Senior grades are a big mark for university applications. My AP classes will actually be college credits. I don't see how jumping around in someone's house to good music-even though it's being played way too loud-and getting hammered is a good way to celebrate us being in school, but whatever. James is coming, so that should make it worthwhile.

"Hey!" Alyssa jumps on my back as she comes outside. She already reeks like whatever she's been drinking. We've only been here a half hour. Alyssa and I have been best friends for like, ever, but sometimes I just don't get her. "Can you believe this place?"

Her bright blue eye-shadow looks amazing on her with her brown eyes and short, dark hair. I'm wearing mascara and lip-gloss. I feel all goopy when I put on more than that, and I have no idea what I'm doing and would probably just end up looking like some kind of street-walker, only in jeans and comfortable shoes.

She looks like she belongs here. I do not. This is not a white T-shirt and worn jeans kind of party. Too late now, and even if it wasn't too late, I have no idea how to look like Alyssa or almost every other girl in this place.

"It's pretty amazing." I have to yell even though she's right next to me. And amazing doesn't even begin to cover this house. It's unreal. Like, I can't believe only one family lives here.

"Where's your old man?" she yells.

She calls James my "old man" boyfriend for no real reason. Well, okay, for kind of a reason. He wears old man shoes to school with his jeans, and James and I are comfortable with each other. I don't feel the need to suck his face off in public like the couple on the porch.

"His internship carried over from last summer, remember? And they went late." I'm trying to be supportive and not mad that he didn't drive me here like he promised. I had to drive my mom's two-tone Subaru with the five-year-old color scheme, which Alyssa hates.

Anyway, Mom's car has GPS. I still managed to get lost, still managed to be late, and James still isn't here. My phone vibrates.

JAMES: ALMOST THERE.

My chest relaxes in relief.

"Okay, well, I'm headed back in. There's like, practically an arcade in the basement. I'm going to go down and play pool."

I point to her chest, which is already half out of her shirt.

She shrugs. "I'm wearing a bra. One more drink, and I won't care what shows when I lean over the table." She smirks and heads back inside.

Right. No way she cares now. She's placing her feet way too carefully, which means she's thinking about where her feet need to be. Which means she's had more to drink than she lets on.

Now what? I can't stand out here forever, and it's not like I'm alone. My eyes shift to the couple in the corner. Who knows what'll happen between them next. Dissecting cats is one thing, watching people grope each other is just gross.

I spin around to go back inside and run into someone. I'm soaked.

"Watch it!" I start wiping the front of my shirt. Beer, of course. His hand reaches out toward my chest. I knock it away. "Don't touch me!"

And then as I look up, I'm left speechless. His blue eyes are amazing, unreal, electric. It hits me in the pit of my stomach.

"Shit, I'm sorry. I was just coming out to show you where the soda is..." He leans closer to me as he talks, and I should totally be moving away. But I'm not.

I open my mouth to speak, but I can't. He's hot. Like, rich-boy mixed with hand-picked genetics or something. Muscular without being huge. I can't take in a deep breath. But then I do, and he smells... amazing. Like boy, but good. I'm seriously dizzy just from standing close to this guy. Must be some expensive cologne. Wait. We're standing way too close.

Oh no. Rock in my stomach. I know him.

"Oh, right. You're the guy who uses a girl for an armrest." I scowl.

"Chastity is not an armrest. She's..."

"Fine. A decorative armrest." Decorated like a skank. Yes, I'm feeling this mean. "And I bet her name is a lesson in irony." I push past him into the house.

"What the hell? I came out here to be nice."

"By spilling your beer all over my shirt?" I yell behind me. I know I'm being kind of bitchy, but this whole party situation has me on edge.

He follows me into the house. "I'll... uh... buy you a new one?"

Why does he have to sound so clueless? Snobby? I spin toward him. "It's not about money. It's about you ruining my shirt!"

His face is blank. "Umm, it's just a white T-shirt."

Thank you for that obvious statement.

"Ziah!"

My head turns and there's James. Relief. James also looks like he doesn't belong here. He looks like he just stepped out of a lab in his old jeans and a university T-shirt. He scratches his neatly trimmed blond hair (something he always does), and his light brown eyes are on me. I don't look back, don't stop, just run up to meet him. I start to throw my arms around him in gratitude that he's finally here.

"Whoa..." He puts his hand up between us. "I don't want that all over me. What happened to you?" He's yelling because there's no other way to talk with this much noise.

I look down and catch sight of his brown, comfy leather slip-on shoes. Alyssa's right. They're totally old-man shoes. Funny. Oh, he asked me a question. "Some jerk spilled his beer on me."

My phone buzzes.

ALYSSA: I DON'T FEEL SO HOT. WHEN R WE LVING?

I frown and flash James my phone, pretending to be annoyed instead of relieved that we're going to have to go. And already? That girl has a talent for getting too wasted, too fast.

"Well, so much for the party. I've always wanted to come inside. Pretty amazing, isn't it?" He leans toward me a little. We're standing close. Just a few more inches, and I could close the gap and put our lips together, because now that I'm thinking about it, I'm not sure when we last kissed. Instead of kissing, he leans toward my ear to yell again.

"Wanna take off?" he shouts. "We should probably get Alyssa home."

"And maybe I'll drop by and see Mom."

My mom owns a great, funky restaurant in an up and coming area in downtown Portland. She's there all the time and loves it when I stop in late. Her normal nights get her home at just after one on a weekend, sometimes two.

I put my mouth close to his ear so he can hear me. "Wanna come?"

He smells like lab-all antiseptic. Not like... Oh-kay. Not going to think about the hot guy in two hundred dollar jeans. Not when I have James right here, and so close.

"Why don't I take Alyssa home so you don't have to backtrack? It seems silly to take two cars all the way back home and then another car back into downtown to your mom's place," he yells. "Besides, I don't really want to smell like restaurant and bar."

Because antiseptic is so awesome. I sigh and my chest sinks. "I haven't seen you."

He gives me this half-smile like I'm being silly. "I'll see you tomorrow afternoon. No big deal."

He shrugs and steps back, and suddenly I wouldn't mind if James put his arm around me like I was his armrest. Just to be possessive. Just to make me feel like he wanted to be close to me. His hand closes over mine, and we walk to the door holding hands. Only our fingers aren't even laced together.

Alyssa's sitting on the front porch when we step outside, frowning and looking... well, wasted. James drops my hand as we step out. Alyssa groans, and rests her face on her knees. She and I are in all the same AP classes, and I swear she's smarter than me but has to do stupid crap like this. The girl just doesn't know when to stop drinking.

"I'll take you home." James reaches out and half-carries her toward his car. I don't know how he got a parking spot actually in the driveway. I'm almost a block down the street.

I glance back at the party and catch rich-boy with his armrest back in place. I can barely see him through the people wandering around between the front door and the kitchen.

He starts to tip his cup again when our eyes meet, and he freezes. It hits me just like before, in my stomach, this knot of nervous tingles. Even from way out here.

The armrest looks up at him. He's still looking at me, and her head starts to turn my way. That's my cue to move.

What was that? Why did I have to look back at some spoiled, beer-spilling man-whore? I'm sure he is. I mean, who else dates someone like Chastity? She looked like she was about to audition for a music video. I suck in a breath and almost wish I'd been drinking so I could play off my reaction to him. And my general meanness toward everyone in the room.

"So, I'll see you tomorrow?" James asks.

I jog to his side of the car and stand close, but not so close that I get beer on his shirt. Instead of pressing us together, I touch his stomach through his T-shirt hoping for anything from him.

He gives me a peck. "Tell your Mom I said hi."

"Yep." I stay close. I'm looking for something more. Some feeling in my chest or in my gut to keep me here, to make us closer. Or even something from him-a touch or a look-something that shows he can't get enough of me.

Instead he stands, watching me with the same relaxed smile he always wears. I duck my head into the car. I'm being silly.

"I'm not ditching you, am I?" I ask Alyssa.

Her eyes are closed, and her face is pressed against the window. "Nah..." She gestures loosely with her hand. "Your old man will get me home..." Her arm tucks back into her front. She's done moving.

I stand back up next to James. "You need to take her in the back door..."

"I got it." Then to Alyssa, "Watch my upholstery."

"Love you, James." Give me something to hold onto here.

"Yeah. Love you, too." He slides in the driver's seat, closes the door, and drives away. I've barely seen him all week, and he's gone. Just like that.

I don't move. I watch him drive off, wishing for something between us that just isn't there. Some crazy spark, something, anything...

But that's not really what we're about. We're comfortable. It's nice to be comfortable. But if it's so nice, why does my chest feel heavy? Now I just want to go to Mom's restaurant and stuff my face. But first I need to dig through her car and see if I can find a shirt that isn't soaked in beer.

Three

~Dylan~

Hangovers suck. My head is going to explode, my gut aches like I've spent too much time in the car with Paul after he eats Taco Bell, and my mouth feels like there's glue in it. The part that really sucks is it's my fault. I forgot my own rules. I didn't follow the happy-buzz plan, drinking way more than I should have once Hanes left. I mean, who gets that pissed over a white T-shirt? Maybe she has stock in the company. The girl has some serious damage, which gives me something else to add to my suckage list. I'm in bed, feeling like a truck ran over me, yet my mind is on her.

What. The. Hell?

What did I ever do to her? What kind of person comes to a party with an Oscar the Grouch frown, insults the owner of said party and then eyes him up and down like he's something to eat? Yeah, she had her eyes on me. I noticed. What I wish is that I'd been able to take my eyes off her. And it kind of kills me I had that effect on her. The I-couldn't-care-less effect, not the devour-me-with-your-eyes one.

It shouldn't matter because I don't go for girls like her. I'm not into the whole boyfriend-girlfriend thing because that leads to the kind of commitment that screwed up my whole family.

Chastity's into me, and she doesn't want more than just to have fun either. I should totally be focusing on her right now. On the way her skin felt beneath my hands, the way her mouth took mine. Granted, with a little too much spit, but still. Chastity is safe for a whole gang of reasons that I'm too foggy-brained to think about right now.

So I don't. Instead I drag my lazy ass out of bed to get the house clean before Dad gets home. Then it's shopping. Can't have enough school clothes. Especially when I go to the hellhole known as Portland Prep-yes, that's really the name. It doesn't even matter that we have a school uniform; It's always a good time for a new wardrobe.

***

"Dylan. Psst," Chastity calls from the next row over and a seat behind me. Mrs. Palm is at the front of the room talking about who the hell knows what. How history can be so interesting I don't understand, but she loses herself in the Ho Chi Minh Trail, rambling on and on, oblivious to what's happening in the classroom.

I turn to her. "Yeah?"

School Chastity looks so different than party Chastity. There's a makeup rule on how much you can wear, and party Chastity would definitely end up spending some time in detention if she showed up here.

"Do you have plans after school? Wanna chill?" she whisper-yells.

It's December, and Chastity and I have "hung out" a few times since the party. It's easy with her. We have fun and then go our separate ways, something that works well for both of us. I hear she's seen Ted Thompson once or twice, too. They're one of those hook-up and break-up couples. For all I know she's using me to make him jealous, but I don't care. It's not hard to avoid caring about Chastity. I don't mean to sound like a jerk. There's nothing wrong with her. I just don't give people ways to have any power over me. It's another one of those Gibson Boys things.

"Yeah. You can come to my house-"

"Mr. Gibson! Is there something you'd like to share with the class?"

Yeah, leave it to me to get caught talking by the teacher who never catches anyone. "No, ma'am. I was just taking notes on your discussion, but I missed that last part. I asked Chastity if she caught it."

I smile and hold up a piece of paper I just started a sketch on. Sketching is way more interesting than history, and I'm better at it, too. I'm always drawing something and tucking it away. I guess you can say it's my thing. Luckily, another well-known fact about Mrs. Palm, she's blind as a bat and won't notice I'm drawing a picture of her rather than taking notes.

"Oh, wonderful! Good for you, Dylan. I'm glad you're enjoying the discussion."

Easy as that.

"I guess that means you'll get the best grade on the class on our next test."

Shit. Maybe not.

Thankfully the bell rings and I throw my stuff in my bag. It's last class of the day, which means freedom. I wait for Chastity, and we walk out to my Hummer together.

"God, I love your car." She climbs in the passenger side, and I jump in the driver's seat.

"Me, too."

I rev the engine and pull out. The other cars stay out of my way, because, well, I could run them over if I wanted to.

"I'm supposed to do dinner with Becky and her family tonight," Chastity says. "Is it okay if she picks me up at your house around five?"

"Yep. Sounds good to me."

My cell beeps, and I pick it up to see a missed call from Derrick. It's been a few weeks since we talked, which is strange, but I don't feel like talking to him in front of an audience. I'll call him later.

We make it through the Portland streets pretty quickly. Before I know it, we're in my kitchen. "You want a soda or something-" Chastity's lips cut me off.

Guess not. Not that I'm complaining, but I wouldn't have minded a drink and maybe some chips or something first. Then I take over, letting my tongue swirl around in her mouth. She makes this little sighing sound and then slides her hand under the back of my shirt. My stomach growls, and I find myself wishing I'd gotten my snack. Sounds insane, I know. Maybe I'm going insane. What guy would rather eat Doritos than make out with Chastity?

Trying to shake those thoughts from my head, I lean her against the counter and let my mouth slide away from her lips and down her neck.

She. Tastes. Like. Makeup.

Not nearly as good as chips.

And she's not even wearing as much as party Chastity would. How do I keep doing this? How did I do it so much at the party a few months back? Thinking of the party makes Hanes pop into my head. The girl with the plump lips who looked at me like she either wanted to kiss me or stab me. I'm not even sure she knew which one.

My thoughts switch from her evil eye to her wet shirt. I still can't believe she wore a T-shirt and faded jeans to my party. I mean, props to her because I don't know any girl at my school who'd have the confidence to do it, but I'm still shocked. Maybe that's why I'm shocked. Because the girls I hang out with would not be caught dead in what she wore.

And I still can't get her out of my head. T-shirt or not, this girl is somehow imprinted on my memory. I'm thinking it's the whole fact that she didn't give me the time of day. There's nothing else it could be.

"Dylan..."

Aaaand, back to reality. What kind of bastard am I? I'm making out with one girl and thinking of another one. My body wills me to ignore it, to keep going because... hormones, hello? But instead, I pull away. I rub the back of my neck.

"Um, you wanna watch a movie or something?"

Chastity cocks her head at me like she's confused. Then her eyes light up like she's just been let in on a joke I didn't know I was telling. "Sure."

I grab two sodas and some chips and then lead her downstairs to the media room. We toss in a comedy, and I start in on my snack and drink, feeling pretty proud of myself for putting the brakes on things.

Thirty minutes later the food and drink in my hand are replaced with Chastity. Dude, I tried. I swear I tried, but she keeps getting closer and closer, kissing my neck. A man's only so strong, but I'm still kind of not into it. I keep catching little scenes on the movie, wondering why Derrick called, trying to figure out where the Ho Chi Minh Trail even is. All things that should not be going on in a guy's head when he's making out with a girl.

"Dylan? You down there?"

Chastity jumps to the other side of the couch at the sound of Dad's voice. Yeah, like he doesn't know what we're doing down here.

"Yep."

Dad steps into the room wearing the same suit he wore in court today. He's a huge defense attorney in Portland. "Oh... hello." He looks awkwardly at Chastity. "I need to talk to you about your brother, but it can wait."

This piques my interest. Dad's never started a sentence with "I need to talk to you about your brother."

Chastity jumps to her feet. "No! I'm leaving. My friend will be here any minute. Thanks for letting me watch a movie with Dylan, Mr. Gibson."

I laugh. Dad didn't let her do anything. He wouldn't have had a clue she'd even been here if he didn't need me for something.

"I'll walk you out." Then to Dad I say, "Should I just call Derrick? He called me earlier, but I missed it."

A very noticeable breath deflates Dad's chest. It makes my heart start to beat a little faster. Something's wrong. Something Dad doesn't want to tell me. Just that quickly my stomach churns. The last time Dad told me something he didn't want to, all our lives changed forever.

"Yeah, yeah. Call your brother. I'll be upstairs in my office if you need to talk."

Need to talk? Why would I need to talk?

I rush Chastity to the main floor and outside. Becky pulls up at the perfect time. As she tells me goodbye, I'm already dialing Derrick's phone number. I'm pacing across one of the only other things Dad's anal about-his lawn.

"Pick up, pick up, pick up," I mumble, all sorts of thoughts pounding in my brain. Derrick's sick. He's leaving the country. Something's wrong with Dad that he can't tell me.

"Hey, baby brother!"

I let out a breath. He sounds happy. If he sounds happy, nothing can be wrong, right?

"What's up? Dad was all pale and shit when he said I needed to call you."

Derrick laughs. "Nothing's wrong, Lil D. I have good news!"

Lil D. I hate that name. Just because he's older, he gets to be Big D. Whatever.

"So spill it." My voice cracks. I'm still nervous. Why am I still nervous?

Through the phone, I hear Derrick take a few breaths. He's nervous, too. "Dyl, I'm getting married!"

MARRIED? What? It's worse than I thought. My brother isn't dying; he's gone bat-shit crazy.

"Listen, Dylan, I know... Mom and all, but..."

But he doesn't know. That's why he doesn't finish his sentence. If he knew, he wouldn't be doing this. If he cared, he wouldn't be doing this. I was wrong. My brother is a sellout. He went back on our pact. He's going to end up just like Dad.

Unable to hold it back, I drop my cell and puke in Dad's prized grass.

Four

~Ziah~

My jaw is like, on the floor. My sister Lora, sophomore in college, is getting married. Married to someone we've never met. Because they haven't been dating all that long. I mean, she stayed in Boulder for summer school and for Thanksgiving, and I guessed it had something to do with the boyfriend. But he was just a boyfriend. Now he's a fiance!

What happened to all her lectures? School first, career second, boys third. Always. I've looked up to her because of this for years. And I know that seems crazy because I'm dating James, but he and I have the same goals. We're both going to med school, and we both get how much pressure is on people in our position.

Mom's smiling in the kitchen, putting dishes away before work. Since she's a chef, she's completely meticulous about how things are done, and our kitchen is the biggest and only up-to-date room in the house. Mom's light brown hair is cut short, and her tiny figure moves through the room with lightning speed. I can't believe things are still so normal after Lora's ridiculous decision.

"Mom! How can you be so calm about this?"

"Your sister's a smart girl." She shrugs. Shrugs! "Her fiance Derrick and I talked on the phone, and we had so much to say, we talked for over an hour. He really has his head on straight. And he's from Portland, too! Isn't that fun?"

I narrow my eyes. I'm totally suspicious for a million reasons right now. The first one being that Mom's way too calm about this.

Wait. "Does Dad know?"

She lets out a long sigh. "Of course your father knows."

I cross my arms and slump down in my stool. I hate being the last to know stuff.

Dad's an ER doctor at Providence St. Vincent. He loves every second of it, and his job makes me even more determined to go to med school. The problem is that he's home almost as little as Mom is, so I never know who knows what about whom. I really want Dad on Team Ziah for this one.

"Your sister will be home in a few days for Christmas Break. That'll give us all a chance to meet him." She pats my back and walks out of the room. "I'll be late tonight."

Isn't she always?

Maybe I can talk some sense into my sister while she's here. Christmas break in college is a whole month, so I'll have a while to talk her out of it. Who gets married in college?

***

Alyssa and I are both on our stomachs in my room over our calculus texts. It seemed like a good idea to take this class at the beginning of the year but not so much anymore. She's totally absorbed, which is cool, but she's usually the one turning the music up too loud and teasing me about being so serious.

"Alyssa?"

"Yeah?" She doesn't look up.

"We're okay, right?" She's been so... studious. And that's a little weird. I mean, she's in hard classes. She just usually floats through them. And here we are a day away from Christmas break, and plowing through another assignment.

"Yeah. I'm just... You know how spacey I can be, and I haven't always made the best decisions. I'm just trying to get myself on track before college." She sounds rehearsed and is still working her way through the problem I just finished.

"I still can't believe we're in senior year, and I can't believe my sister thinks she's getting married." I blow out to get the loose strands of hair off my face.

Alyssa chuckles. "So, what else is going on tonight?"

"James is coming over in a bit."

After the party, I was desperate to feel that tingling in my gut I felt with a total stranger, and I started something I didn't mean to with James. When I met up with him the next day, I kissed him like I hadn't in a long time and even slid my hands up the back of his shirt. He took that as a sign I wanted to go further, when that wasn't completely my intention. Ever since he's been pushing me for more, and it's not like him. Or like us. I'm starting to miss our comfortable relationship.

"Oh. Right." Alyssa's eyes are practically plastered to the problem in front of her.

"Do you suddenly have a problem with James?" I realize it's been a while since we all three hung out.

"No, why?" She scribbles out the next step in the problem she's working through.

"I don't know." Mostly 'cause she's not looking at me, and I don't know if I'm being paranoid or if they got in an argument or something.

"You're funny, Ziah. It's just senior year and busy." She shrugs before sitting up and closing her text, but she's also still not looking at me.

"Hey." James stops the second he's in my room, and his eyes go from me to Alyssa and then back to me.

"I gotta run. My parents need my babysitting skills tonight." And Alyssa's gone before I really have time to process her leaving.

In the next second, James's lips are on mine.

"Hey." I laugh as he kisses me again without giving me a chance to breathe. I want to ask him what happened between him and Alyssa, and if I'm going to have to start scheduling around their sudden dislike of each other.

"Hey." His smile is brief before his lips are on mine again.

For the past month, every time we're together, he wants to pick up where we left off the last time. If we left off with his hands up the back of my shirt, we're at that place again within a few minutes of getting together. It doesn't feel like it's about me anymore. It feels like it's about doing more.

His hand slides up the front of my shirt. This is something new as of a few days ago. I don't stop him, but it doesn't really do anything for me except make me self-conscious. What does he think about my bra? Are my boobs right? Do they feel like they're supposed to? Is my skin being pushed or pulled in a way that makes him think I'm fat?

Now his weight is on me, and his mouth is on mine. I should be feeling something more. Like, shouldn't I want him the way he so obviously wants me?

A horn honks outside, which almost has to mean that Lora's here.

James groans before rolling off me. "I'll walk you down."

He stands and offers me a hand, which I take. His arms go around me again as he pulls me into another kiss.

"James." I try to pull away. "My sister."

"Okay, okay..." He clasps my hand tightly as we walk down the stairs.

He stops at the bottom and leans into me. I really just want around him and to see my sister.

"Ziah." He puts his hands on my face.

I finally relax and look at him, realizing he wants something else before he goes. "James."

"I love you. I just... I want to try to find some time to be with you over break." He gives me a soft kiss.

"We'll see each other." I shrug and start to move around him again.

"No. You know. Alone."

Now I get that he wants a few hours where we can fool around. I'm just not sure if I want that right now. Not for that long. "I'll call you. It's always busy when Lora's in town."

He nods as I finally step around him and out the front door. I think I preferred James when he was more like my old-man boyfriend.

Lora steps out of the passenger's side of a sleek, black Mercedes, which is a bit unexpected. I didn't know she'd be arriving in some overpriced, over-glamorized car. Some guy with almost black hair and striking blue eyes steps out of the driver's side, and this is it. This is the guy. My stomach flips over, and I wish it weren't too late to run inside and hide.

"Hey!" Lora half talks, half squeals and waves me down the stairs.

I'm frozen.

"Well, see you soon." James kisses my cheek and runs his hand up the back of my shirt before moving toward the steps. I'm still sort of stunned that the fiance is real.

Lora and I are almost twins. Her blonde is a shade lighter than mine, and she has Mom's little button nose instead of Dad's thin, straight one I got stuck with. But we're built exactly the same and look one another in the eye. Before I can move down the steps, her and the guy and the first load of bags is on the porch.

It's so weird that she's here with a guy she thinks she's going to marry. Before I can make any smart comments about how much crap he's unloading for a simple Christmas Break visit, her arms are around me practically suffocating me. He's back down the stairs for load number two.

James gives me a last wave and smile before climbing into his car. He's been around long enough to know getting between me and my sister is futile.

"Nice to see you, too." I try to laugh as she squeezes even tighter before letting me go.

"This is Derrick." Her smile practically splits her face in half as she grabs his arm and pulls him a step closer to me. "Derrick, this is my little sister Ziah."

Now is when we should shake. I reach my hand out, and wow does he have blue eyes. Party-boy blue.

"Great to meet you," he says. It's a good, firm shake-not too hard, not too soft.

"Yeah. You, too."

Only I have no idea if it's great or not. It's starting to hit me. She wants this guy to be part of our family. Our family. Shouldn't we all get a say in this? I'm not saying I want an arranged marriage, but I'm now seeing the benefits. It's not that I don't like him because I don't know him. The whole marriage thing feels so irresponsible when they're both working toward degrees.

"I think we're all getting together for dinner tonight, so I'll see you then. I gotta get home." His smile is equal parts charming and sweet. Of course it is-it took something to lure my sister in. I just thought she was above falling for someone over his looks... and smile. And his handshake, though I'm pretty sure the handshake wasn't the final sale. I'm starting to deflate further. Or maybe at this point, I'm shrinking.

Lora gives me a look like she wants me to tell her right now how awesome he is, when really all I know about him is he drives a nice car, is strong enough to carry her bags, and is really cute.

"I guess I'll see you then." I tuck my hands in my back pockets, because my whole body feels sorta weird-like I don't belong here. I'm not sure what else to do.

Lora walks him down to his car. When they kiss, they don't come up for air for so long, it's a little weird and makes me wish I'd stepped inside the house.

Finally he leaves, and Lora and I are on the porch with her mound of bags and her smile. It's a toss-up as to which is bigger.

"Wow," I say, because there really isn't anything else to say.

"I know!" She digs into the huge bag she's carried for the past year and sets a stack of bridal magazines between us. "This is going to be so much fun! We have like three hours before dinner, so I thought we could jump in-at least for a while."

I'm stunned speechless because we haven't even stepped inside yet, and it's not exactly warm this time of year. And now there are girlie magazines on our porch.

"So. This is what I want to do." She opens a magazine to a picture of a bride and groom underneath this elaborate trellis thing that's covered in those pale pink roses she likes so much. It has a chandelier in the middle. A chandelier.

Derrick must be loaded because there's no way Mom and Dad would pay for something like that. The whole thing is a little much for me. Way too girly and dramatic.

"Uh..." My thoughts can't completely come together. Too much fiance with blue eyes and Alyssa being weird around James and James pushing us to be together and Lora home and this guy going to be part of our family... And her bags are still on the freaking porch.

"Anything we find in all these magazines that matches up with what's in this picture, we mark. Cool?" Her finger rests on the original photo, and the stack of magazines suddenly looks like a mountain.

"Umm...." She wants me to look for pink flowers? Or what?

"Come on." She grabs the stack, my arm, and hauls me into the house, leaving her bags outside. "I'll do up your favorite muffins and hot chocolate. We'll have so much fun!"

I'm already feeling like I'm caught in this Lora vortex of wedding and new guy and James and... I'm pretty sure I don't want to be here.

***

I'm stuffed with muffins, and all the magazines are starting to look the same. I flip a page. "Lora! You gotta see this ridiculous article." I laugh as I slide deeper into the couch.

She primping for the engagement dinner tonight and packing a bag in case she stays over. Which means she'll definitely stay over. After that kiss next to his car, I'm amazed she was able to be away from him for just a few hours.

"What is it?" she calls down.

"Please don't yell in the house," Dad asks.

I jump at the sound of his voice. My parents are so rarely home it throws me when they are. He's reading in his oversized chair in the corner.

"Sorry." I slump lower and glance at the article.

"Signs Your Boyfriend is Cheating." And this in a bridal magazine? Hopefully soon-to-be brides are past this. Only as I read down, I start to get this weird, itchy feeling in my gut as I skim the short, paragraph stories.

My best friend and my boyfriend suddenly couldn't be in the same room, and my boyfriend was acting different toward me. Turns out they hooked up at a party, and...

I'm choking. This sounds way too familiar. No. Not James and Alyssa. That would be... well, unbelievably horrible. I'm pretty sure they're fighting about something. My fingers shake as I pull out my phone. Lora's rummaging around behind me in the kitchen.

I start to call James, but now I'm worried about talking to him. Why would I worry about talking to James? Instead I go for non-committal. A text.

ME: TELL ME ABT U AND ALYSSA

That could reference their weird behavior without being specific. Put him in the position where he has to come up with some info.

I wait for his call. And wait. I stare at my phone. And then I get a text.

Lora kisses my head. "See ya tomorrow!"

I open my mouth to tell her to wait, but James' message hits me like a brick, silencing me. The door slams closed behind her.

JAMES: I'M SORRY. I TOLD HER I WANTED TO BE THE ONE TO SAY SOMETHING. CAN WE TALK?

My body shakes. Lora's gone. Dad's behind his paper. Do I want to know everything or nothing? I jump up and start for the stairs. The first sob hits me just as I step through my bedroom door. What just happened?

Five

~Dylan~

I haven't talked to the sellout, a.k.a., my brother, since he dropped his crazy bomb about taking the plunge into...holy matrimony. I don't know why, but for some reason holy matrimony is easier to think than the M-word. It's still screwed up--like something old people do. Or boring people. Or lonely people... Not a guy in college who still has all his mental faculties. Hence, temporary insanity being the only option here.

Does he remember what happened to Dad after Mom was gone? Did college wipe out his memories and what we swore to one another? I don't get it. He'll end up just as broken as Dad. He's letting someone in just to risk losing them. It's not worth getting stomped on. That's what it feels like he's doing to me, letting his foot come down on my head over and over, by forgetting the pact we made. What about the Gibson Boys?

My fingers tighten on the steering wheel. I'm almost home, so I turn up the music, hoping it will help me clear my head before I see him. He's coming home for Christmas and bringing the old ball and chain with him. Guess a guy can't spend time with his real family alone anymore.

Honestly, I don't even know what to say when I see him. Part of me just wants to open the conversation with a punch to the head and hope it takes care of the insanity thing. Then we can skip the heart-to-heart altogether.

Maybe I can kidnap him. Drag his lame ass out of here and stage an intervention. We can go on the road and have fun, and he'll forget he ever wanted a life sentence with his fian... fianc... I can't even think the word.

"Damn." I pull into my driveway and kill the engine. I'm freaking out here, and it's kind of embarrassing. I think this girl is actually staying with us or something. We haven't really had any girls here for longer than a few hours since Mom's been gone. What if she starts running around the house with a towel on her head, yelling at Derrick to do this and that? And then he'll wake up tomorrow and she'll be gone.

Chill out, Dylan. This isn't me. I don't stress out like this. What's the point? That's what I need to try and remember now.

I climb the porch stairs. The door pulls open, and Derrick is standing there. He looks the same, just like me but older. Same black hair, same blue eyes, except mine are brighter. Girls always tell me I have nice, thick eyelashes, too. I don't know about that, but they seem to like it. So I'm cool with it.

"About time you got your slow ass home. And don't think I'm not pissed at you for ignoring my phone calls." Derrick holds out an arm. I sort of want to be an ass and ignore him now, too, but I don't. We give each other a half-hug before he moves out of the way to let me in. "I missed you, little brother."

I push my way inside. My face is hot. My whole body is hot.

"I missed you, little brother?" My brain is yelling at my mouth to shut up, but I've never been good at listening to that warning. "That's all you have to say after springing a wedding on me?"

Holy shit. I sound like parent. Or a spouse. Or a nutcase. Whatever it is, I don't sound like Dylan, but I don't care.

"Have you lost your mind? Or..." Damn! How did this not occur to me sooner? "You got her pregnant? You always made sure I had condoms. Wrap it or lack it remember? Forget how to use one, yourself?"

I'm lecturing my older brother. There is definitely something wrong with this picture. Again, my brain is screaming at me, but, dude... he got this girl pregnant?

Derrick holds up his hands and shakes his head. "Chill out, Dylan. You're giving me a headache. Come on. Let's go have a drink."

I follow my brother through the kitchen. He grabs two sodas out of the fridge, and then we head out to the back porch.

"Dad home?" I ask him.

"Of course not," he replies.

Funny, he can remember that but seems to forget why things are that way. He hands me the soda, which I take. "A Pepsi doesn't make you seem any less crazy."

I plop down in our porch chair. It's cold as hell and a little drizzly. There's a small puddle of water at the bottom of the stairs, and I watch as drops hit it and echo out. Why we couldn't do this inside, I don't know.

Derrick sits next to me. "She's not pregnant, dumbass." He thumps my head. I push his hand away.

"So you are crazy?"

He shakes his head and is quiet for a few seconds. He looks like he's trying to figure out what to say, and I want to tell him just to spit it out. But before I get the chance, he opens his mouth and says, "I love her, bro. She's awesome. You'll like her, too."

I scratch my neck, not sure what to say. Stupid, but I totally didn't expect him to say that. I want him to tell me I'm right. Or that he made a mistake, or that she's just fun or cool. Not that he loves her. He's dumb to risk loving anyone.

"Yeah, I'm sure she's cool. It's one thing to like a girl. I like a lot of girls. It's one thing to think she's cool, but married? Are you that whipped? Where's your collar?" I try to make light of the moment when I really feel like I'm going to explode.

Derrick's voice is tense when he says, "Watch it. I can still kick your ass and don't think I won't."

Crossing my arms, I look away from him. I can't believe he's doing this. I can't believe he's bailing on us. On me. "What about the pact?" I finally ask. "We always said it was the Gibson Boys. That we wouldn't let a girl come between us."

I want an eraser to take the words away because they sound stupid and needy, but I want him to hear them, too. Want them to penetrate his thick skull so he can realize what he's doing.

Derrick sighs. His eyes look all concerned, making me really want to get out of here. "She's not going to come between us, and we were kids when we made that dumb pact. Come on, Dyl. I'm happy."

Guilt body-slams me. He sounds happy, and I want that for him. He's my brother after all, but how can I go along with this? We were all happy: me, him, Dad and Mom. Then one day we weren't. Now we're happy again, and I really don't want to go back to the not.

"How long will you be happy? Everything was perfect before, and then it all fell apart."

It takes him a couple minutes to reply. It feels like an eternity, and I wonder when I turned into such a stress case.

"Things weren't perfect, D. You were young. You didn't see, or you don't remember, but-"

I hold up my hand to stop him. "Not going there. This is about you and the colossal mistake you're about to make." I need the subject to go back to him and not her because he's wrong. Our life was perfect.

Derrick playfully shoves my arm. "It's not a mistake. You're my little brother. I want you to be cool with this. We're going to need your help, ya know? There's stuff we'll need you to do-being the best man and all."

This is the first I've heard about best man. Buying me off isn't going to work. Then I start to feel bad. This is my brother, and he's never really asked me for anything. He was there for me when Dad wasn't. But why this? He wants my help to break something that he promised me.

It takes a few minutes, but finally he speaks again. "She's not Mom, Dylan."

Tears sting my eyes. When did I turn into such a p**sy? Dad's a workaholic. Derrick is a nutcase. And I'm turning into a sniveling baby. So much for the Gibson Boys.

"You'll like her. She's gorgeous, fun, smart, can outdrink my ass any day of the week. She's good people."

With the palm of my hands, I rub my eyes. Stupid, cold, rainy wind. "Whatever. Don't think I'm happy about this. And don't think I'm going to stop trying to get you to change your mind, but I guess she must be alright if you like her."

Or not, but he doesn't want to hear that. I push to my feet and before I know it, I'm tumbling off the porch and into the mud puddle I was just watching. Not hard and it wasn't a big fall, but Derrick's on top of me, shaking me.

"That's what I like to hear. I knew you'd understand."

I'm going to kill him. I push my brother, getting the best of him for the first time. Now I'm on top. And it's still cold, and why are we wrestling in the rain? I don't know, but it feels okay... almost normal.

"I don't understand shit, whipped boy. I'm just not going to bail on you the way you're bailing on me."

Derrick pushes me again, and we break apart, both trying to find the best position to attack and get the better of each other.

"I'd never bail on you, and you know it. Just wait. One day you're going find the right girl and fall so head over your ass in love, you'll know what I'm talking about."

"Not in a million years." I lunge and tackle him to the ground. We're both laughing and panting as we roll around on the cold-ass ground. He may be making a huge mistake, but he's still the brother I know. I didn't realize how much I missed him.

"You've gotten stronger." He rolls away from me, chest heaving. Rain is hitting us in the face, but we don't move.

"You've gotten softer. Is that what marriage does to you?"

Derrick laughs. "I'm not married yet, smart ass. I can't wait until you realize how dense you are. It's going to be a joy to watch."

I open my mouth to tell him he's lost his mind again, but we're interrupted by a female voice. "Derrick? Oh-hey. Are you guys okay?"

There's a pair of familiar green eyes looking down on me. I can't place where I know them from, but there's something about them I recognize.

"You must be Dylan."

She holds out her hand, and I want to be lame about it and ignore her. But I don't. I let her help me up.

"Hey. Nice to meet ya." I look at the porch, the house, the ground, anywhere, but the girl who will always be there for Derrick, until one day she's just gone.

It's different to like girls than it is to get serious about them. Never get your heart involved. That's what Derrick told me, and now he's the one doing it.

"I rang the bell, but you guys didn't answer."

Derrick gives her a cheesy smile. "I told you just to come in, baby. My house is your house."

I try not to gag.

"I'm Lora." She's looking at me. "You guys want some hot chocolate? I brought you some." She holds up a thermos.

Hot chocolate? Hot chocolate? Does she think we're five?

"Sounds good, baby." He kisses her.

Yeah, totally whipped.

We get into the kitchen, and I'm wondering how this girl is just suddenly walking into my house.

"I feel really stupid for just suddenly walking in."

Great. Apparently Derrick's awesome, gorgeous woman also has ESP.

"Don't be ridiculous." Derrick looks at her in a way I've never seen my brother look at anyone. I'm caught between wanting to vomit again, wanting to ask him, what about me, and also feeling a little good seeing him like this. He's obviously into this girl, but still.

"Good hot chocolate," I mumble, trying to break the connection. It actually is good, but whatever.

"Thanks!" Lora smiles at me.

Derrick was right, she is pretty. She seems nice enough, too, but nice doesn't mean marriage and stabbing your brother in the back.

Lora stands. "Anyway, I just wanted to come and meet you before tonight. Derrick talks about you all the time." Funny, he never mentioned her before the big announcement.

She looks at Derrick. "And to see you again."

He gets this puppy dog look on his face. I'm afraid he'll start humping her leg any minute. Can you say pathetic?

"I love you," she tells him.

He gets a goofy smile on his face. "I love you, too."

Has he told anyone he loves them since Mom? Have I? Suddenly, I hate her again, and the punch to Derrick's head is sounding like a good plan.

***

Zila's? What kind of name is that for a restaurant?

I pull the Hummer into the parking lot. I guess Lora's mom owns this place. I had no idea this engagement party would really be a dinner at her family's place. It feels like a point for their team, like we're on their territory, and that kind of annoys me.

Lora and Derrick drove together, and I followed them over. I always drive my own car when I can. She turns to wave at me before walking inside. This girl is way too nice. Derrick heads my way, and I consider throwing him in the back and driving off.

Instead I get out and slam the door. See? I can be reasonable.

"I need you not to be an a**hole tonight, D," Derrick tells me.

"What? I'm not an a**hole. Trying to impress the new family?" It pisses me off when he ignores the family part.

"Seriously. Don't mess this night up for me, or I'll kick your ass. You might even have fun. Lora has a sister around your age..."

Nice. Just what I need. Another overly nice, Team Marriage girl to deal with. This night just keeps getting better and better.

"Actually... forget about her sister. I mean, be nice to her, but I know you. Keep your hands off. Seriously."

"What?" I push him. "Are you really trying to warn me off my future sister-in-law? First of all, I can find my own girls without trying to hit on someone at an extended-family function." How weird is that? "Second, if she's anything like Lora, I'm steering clear."

Derrick suddenly looks like he wants to murder me.

"Nothing against her. Geez, simmer down Fight Club. I'm just saying, she's not my type."

I'm pretty sure this girl must have some magic power to seduce unsuspecting men, and the last thing I want is to get myself in the trap.

"Just come on, Lil D. I don't want to be late. Dad already is."

I try and put on my happy face for him. Until Dad gets here it will be on me to play nice. "Okay. I'm starving."

We walk inside, and I'm still a little annoyed. But the place is pretty cool. A little more earthy-hippie than I go for, but black trim, good music, and funky printed wallpaper. Not bad.

Derrick introduces me to Lora's Mom and Dad. Her dad looks pretty kicked-back, but her mom is running around like she's hopped up on crack. She's definitely the over-achiever of the group.

I find a corner and watch my brother smile and talk with his new family. He hasn't let go of Lora's hand once, and I wonder why--if he's afraid she'll be gone if he lets go or afraid he won't be able to take care of her. It's so strange to see Derrick looking all... domestic. It reminds me of after Mom was gone. How he stepped up to the plate and took care of me.

I shake my head. Definitely not going there.

Finally Dad arrives. He sees me in the corner and gives me a sad smile. And I get it. He understands how I feel and probably feels the same way.

He's sucked up in the tornado of Lora's family. Dad plays it perfectly, always smiling and talking the way a good lawyer can. I find myself wondering about the sister. Maybe she's in the kitchen making hot chocolate.

A few minutes later they're having us sit down at a long table for dinner. There's an empty spot next to me, which I assume is for-holy shit! The sister is standing in the doorway. Green eyes, white T-shirt. No. No, no, no, no. Lora's sister is Hanes?

Her gaze catches mine, and she stumbles a little, recognition lighting her face. Yeah, she remembers me, too. I'm not sure why I like that.

Then it's The Look, and I can't help but smile. This night might end up being sort of fun. I can't wait to mess with her.

Six

~ Ziah ~

I can't believe this is happening. What is hot party guy doing here?

This is not what I need today. It's still hard to breathe after getting text number one million from both James and Alyssa.

James. Alyssa. Their names have been spinning through my head all afternoon. I don't have the details, and I don't want them. The only text I read from Alyssa says I'M SORRY.

Things between James and I haven't been perfect, but they haven't been bad either. My stomach turns over again. I'm still numb. In shock. Someone clears her throat, and I'm brought back to the present-the part of me that's still functioning anyway.

My eyes go from Derrick, attached to Lora's side, to party guy, back to Derrick. Same blue eyes. Same almost-black hair. Same smug smirk. Oh. No. She is NOT marrying into that family. Half the table is staring at me. Right. I should probably move.

Lora gives me her best exasperated, wide-eyed, clench-jawed look that says I'd better find a way to get to my seat. But the only chair is sandwiched between Dad and hot party guy.

Not good.

My phone beeps with another text, which almost pushes me into another round of tears. I'm not crying at the table so I pull in a deep breath, keep my eyes focused, and take the seat next to Dad. No reason for this guy to think I even recognize him.

"Hey, Dad." Dad smells like hospital, as always, and his dark blond hair is in serious need of a cut. I lean into him, bumping our shoulders together, and try to pretend everything's perfect.

"Hey, sweetie." Dad pecks a kiss on my temple.

"Ziah." Lora's smile is too bright, and her eyebrows are seriously threatening to take over her hairline.

"Yes?" I smile back, really glossing it on. Can't she see it's more than the stupid wedding I'm upset over? She's my sister. She should see this isn't all about her.

"This is Derrick's brother Dylan."

"Derrick and Dylan. Cute." But then my eyes meet Derrick's dad's, and I feel like crap for making a comment about their names.

His hair's as dark as theirs, and he looks like the cover of some over-priced menswear magazine. These guys seriously won the genetics lottery.

I take a long drink from my champagne before turning to look at Dylan. Then I say, "Hey. I'm Ziah." He doesn't need a hand. Who knows what he'd spill on me this time.

"Cool name." He smirks.

Is he seriously making fun of my name? Never mind that I made fun of his and his brother's names-seriously, theirs match. Mine is awesome. Anyway, I don't have to like him. His brother is messing up my sister's plan.

"Yeah. Thanks." I pick up my champagne again. Not that I'm a big drinker, because I'm not. But I think the occasion is extreme. I'm also a bit surprised Mom's risking giving me a glass. I'm sure some inspector someone wouldn't be happy about it, but right now, I'm not about to question.

Lora kicks me under the table, and I almost call her on it. But the death glare I'm getting says I'd better keep my mouth shut. I down the rest of my champagne. Dad raises an eyebrow, but I pretend not to see.

Okay, so I might have sort of freaked out on Lora before the party. And her fiance might have heard part of it because they were on the phone, and I might have stayed in the kitchen way longer than I needed to (seeing as I can barely make toast) just to avoid the dinner. But she didn't have to torture me by putting me next to hot party guy, who smells freaking delicious and has the most awesome eyes I've ever... Crap. I need to stop.

My phone buzzes with another text. Alyssa this time. I delete it without reading and pull a shaky breath in to keep from crying.

It's pretty egotistical for Lora to think I was upset over her anyway. I lost James. And the worst part about it is that he should have been the safest guy ever. Him and Alyssa? What have they done? Is it still going on? Was it a one-time thing? A many-times thing? How far did they go? That thought makes me feel like someone just dropped me out of a plane.

My phone buzzes. Another text. I'm almost afraid to check, but it's Lora. Amazingly, she seems like the safest choice right now.

LORA: BEHAVE

ME: R U KIDDING ME? I KNOW HIS BRO. DO U KNOW WHO UR MARRYING?

Lora scowls as she reads my note, and then she starts frantically texting. Mom and Dad are probably telling some embarrassing story because there's chuckling around the table, but Lora and I have business.

L: HOW ON EARTH DO U KNOW DYLAN?

ME: WE MET AT A...

Crap. Now what?

STUDENT FUNCTION.

I hit send.

She snorts from across the table. Yeah, I didn't think she'd buy it. We don't go to the same school.

Dylan sounds like he's holding in a chuckle. I glance his way to see him and his brother give each other the look that Lora and I usually exchange when something's going on.

"Ziah?" Mom leans forward. Her in a chair at her own restaurant is a bit of a miracle.

"Yes?" I lean forward, and Dad nearly tips his chair back trying to get out of the way. Guess there's sort of a mood around the table.

Now I'm getting the glare of death from Mom.

Perfect. Does everyone think I'm so immature that I'm overreacting this badly to a wedding? I mean, I'm not for it, and I think they're making a huge mistake, but seriously.

I slump down in my chair and make a point of shoving my phone into my pocket so Lora can see. Neither of them asks why my day's sucking. At the same time, opening my mouth to say that James at some point hooked up with Alyssa... or is maybe still hooking up with Alyssa...

I wish I had more champagne.

Dylan leans toward me, and I breathe in like an idiot. "Having fun?"

He so knows Lora and I were texting. I don't make eye contact, just lean back. Anger is better than hurt.

"Where's your armrest?"

"Armrest?"

"The one decorated like...nevermind." He knows who I am. I could see it across the table before I sat down.

He stops. He's probably counting back girls to remember who on Earth he was with.

"Have you been thinking about me, Hanes?" He chuckles.

"You wish." Hanes? I open my mouth to ask as my fingers twitch, as I wonder what the chances are of my getting a refill on my champagne glass.

"Maybe." He's smiling like this is all some big joke.

It's not a joke. I don't want to think about him, and I don't want him to want me to think about him. I also don't want Lora to get married. And I don't want Alyssa to be with James. The thought of it digs at my chest. And this hot guy is just messing with me for fun.

Wait. I turn to face him. "What did you call me?"

"What?"

Ha. I've thrown him.

"What did you call me?" I ask again.

He glances up at his brother, who's nuzzling Lora's neck again. Gag.

Maybe Alyssa and James did that. Maybe they hated that I was in the middle of what they wanted. I swear my stomach is turning inside out. I can always eat. Always. But I have zero appetite tonight.

Dylan stares at his plate for a sec, looking almost... sad? Mad? I do not want to feel bad for this guy. He's on the enemy side. I don't know what's going on, and I need air. My chair scoots back so fast, I almost tip over. Mom's eyes are on me.

"Ladies' room," I spit out as I almost trip over myself getting around the table. What's my problem? It's just Lora and some hot guy, and James and Alyssa. And just... Hanes. What does that mean?

If hot party-guy's brother is ready to settle down, what does that say about the guy who was supposed to be solid and steady, and who apparently hooked up or something with Alyssa? He has things he needs to apologize for, and she's my best friend! Tears start pushing at my eyes, but I don't want to cry. I actually wore mascara.

I lean over the sink and stare at myself in the mirror. Okay. I have to pull it together.

"Grow up, Ziah," Lora's voice echoes in the small space.

I spin to face her. How doesn't she get I'm upset about way more than her stupid wedding? I open my mouth to tell her about James, but I can't do it. She's been with me all afternoon and hasn't asked once about what has me down.

Instead I jump to offense. "I've met Dylan. You do NOT want to be part of that family. Is it for the money? Because-"

"I'm stopping myself from slapping you right now." Lora yells. "I'm in love, Ziah. Deal with it and get your ass back to the table please. It's weird."

And with that she turns and walks out. I leap out to follow her, so it'll look more like we just had a little girl talk and less like my sister's pissed. We both find our smiles before making it back to the table, and our food's there.

Something to do. Too bad I'm not sure if I can eat, because Mom's restaurant rocks. All comfort food with a gourmet twist. Zila's - Half me (Ziah) and half my sister (Lora). I'm a little too proud that my part of the name comes first. But now that I have my meal, the mac and cheese with bacon just looks like lumps, and I'm not sure if I'll be able to swallow it down.

"So. We have one more small announcement." Lora smiles, but Derrick has this really odd, nervous look on his face.

"I knew it! You're pregnant, aren't you!" The words fly out of my mouth before I have a chance to stop them.

Dylan tenses next to me. Dad chokes. Dylan's dad coughs. Mom throws me another knock-it-off look around the front of Dad.

"God. Ziah. No." Lora rolls her eyes. "Drop it with that already, would you?"

Right. I may have brought it up this afternoon while buried under a stack of bridal magazines.

"We're taking winter semester off to plan the wedding and spend some time with our families!"

Derrick touches her cheek again. Both Mom and Dad stiffen, and I sit back because I won't need to say anything now. The voices around the table reach an odd level of tense excitement I plan on tuning out. Mom and Dad might be relaxed about a lot of things, but graduating from college is not optional. Not if you want to be on speaking terms with them.

I close my eyes and wonder what on earth went wrong with James and me. How could he have wanted more from me, when something was happening with him and Alyssa? I want to talk to her so badly, but I can't. She's one of the guilty parties.

Finally the voices at the table are animated enough that I open my eyes. Dylan's just sitting back like I am and letting it happen. Huh. Maybe he's not into this whole wedding thing either. Oh. Of course. One girl for the rest of his brother's life. Dylan probably can't imagine that-it would probably be like going without air for someone like him.

Dad's talking. Mom's talking. Dylan's dad is talking, and Derrick and Lora look like they're being pounced on. Ha. That'll teach them.

"Wait. What?" Dylan's leaning so far forward he's about to lose his chair. "Did I just hear what I think I heard?"

Oh. Crap. Maybe I should have been paying attention.

"I know Ziah's in." Lora's smile is way too forced, and her green eyes are on mine. "We plan on jumping in again tomorrow over her favorite muffins."

I'm sure she's trying to give me some clue by stressing favorite muffins, but I'm not in the frame of mind to figure it out.

"I'm sorry, what?" In what? What am I supposed to be in? Dylan looks equal parts pissed and disbelieving.

"Helping plan the wedding." I swear her smile stretches even farther-something I didn't think was possible until a minute ago.

I choke, which turns into a cough, which turns into a giggle. And then into one of those giggle fits there's no way I'm getting out of. I know I let loose a couple of snorts, and the more everyone looks, the harder I laugh. It's just so absurd. I'll be about as helpful as a twelve-year-old boy. And my emotions are so mixed up, my body has no idea how to react anymore.

The thought of spending any more time looking at another overly floofed wedding dress makes me want to puke-especially because I feel like I sort of lost my friend and my boyfriend in one text.

"I'll be okay," I say, as I wave my hand in front of my face trying to calm down, but my voice comes out all whiny because I can't stop laughing.

Me. Plan a wedding. Right. Math I can do. Dissecting pigs for biology I can do. Wedding? I don't thread needles. I can't even make mac and cheese, and no one would ever ask me for my handwriting on a sign at school. I don't do dresses, and I don't understand weddings.

Then Dad's hand touches me as he rubs my back up and down, and I finally start to calm down. The whole table staring at my red face sobers me further.

"Please," Lora mouths at me across the table.

I sit up and pull in a few breaths. "Yea. I'm in." I give her a look that says she SO owes me later, but I'm still taking odd breaths to keep my hysterics in check.

"Umm, I'm not," Dylan pipes up. "What do you mean, help plan a wedding? Can't you pay someone for that? First you spring this on me, and then you expect me to jump onboard and be a designated wedding planner? You can pick your own flowers."

He leans back in the chair and crosses his arms. His words come out angry, but the way he looks at his brother... it's almost as if he's hurt. I feel a little bad for him, but I don't want to feel bad for the guy who ruined my favorite T-shirt and threw the party that changed everything between me and James.

"Dylan... We want to do this together. With your help. You're my brother. I need you by my side in this."

Even I wouldn't be able to say no to the way Derrick's looking at him. Bet he trapped my sister with that same look. I could swear I notice Dylan shaking. What is he thinking? I never would have expected he'd be this upset.

"We'll talk about it later," their dad jumps in.

Dad clears his throat and makes a few more comments about how Lora had better keep on track, and that taking a semester off is a big deal. They're back to a normal level of conversation, and I'm back to my food and planning in my head how I'm going to make Lora pay for what she's about to do to me.

I don't look at Dylan while I eat. I just sit and eat... Well, nibble. Mom, Dad, Derrick, Lora, and Dylan's dad are all chatting like no one freaked out, like no one's getting married way too young and taking a semester off of school.

Dylan is just as silent as me.

***

The moment I can get away with it, I hide in the kitchen. Mom's there minutes later, afraid to leave her cooks for too long.

"Can I have the car and go home?" I ask.

"Say goodbye to your sister first."

I don't mean to, but I snort.

"Come on, Ziah. You could have at least tried to be nice after Derrick overheard you calling your sister stupid for wanting to get married."

I slump in my chair that sits at my favorite little corner of Mom's kitchen, because it wasn't just that. Lora knows me. She's always the first person to know when bad things happen, and she didn't even ask. She just assumed I was upset because of her. Being engaged has already turned her into a self-centered bridezilla.

"Fine."

And wedding planning, watching those two together. Gag. Hurt pushes into my heart. I don't want to be around anyone in love after losing James. It just sucks.

I open my mouth twice to say something about James and Alyssa, but nothing comes out. I blink away a few tears as I leave the kitchen.

There's a small area outside to eat, but most people don't go out in the winter because it's too cold. When I step out, I almost run into Dylan's back before stopping. His eyes are on Derrick and Lora holding hands and standing close in front of Derrick's car.

The thing is, she looks happy. In love. I don't want her to look happy or in love.

"Crap," I say under my breath.

I know right now even though I'm in shock over her skipping out of her next semester of college and pissed that she couldn't see past herself to know something else was going on with me and not happy about her getting married. Like everything Lora wants me to be sucked into, I'm going to get sucked into this.

"Yeah. I hear ya," Dylan whispers almost next to me.

I jump and then swallow because I can't find words with him so close. Why do the a**holes have to be so hot? "Not jumping with joy for the happy couple?"

"Jumping in my car and getting the hell out here." He flips his keys in his hand.

"Ditto."

"Guess I'll be seeing you around." He shrugs and walks off.

Guess so.

Seven

~Dylan~

My brother is an ass.

First, he has me playing the part of some chump in a romantic comedy by declaring me one of his wedding planners. It pisses me off. He knows how I feel about the marriage, and now he wants me to play opposite the part of... whatever chick is playing in rom-coms these days. Oh, and of course he chose to spring it on me at the engagement dinner because he knew I couldn't freak out too much.

And second, he's been locked in the room with Lora for hours. Yep, he gets engaged and suddenly gets to play house and have his girl stay over. Guess where that leaves me? I get to be the one to go pick up my future sister-in-law who happens to be the angriest girl I've ever met. Or... at least she was last night. I have visions of her going home after the dinner sticking pins in her Derrick and Dylan voodoo dolls.

And it's all so he can get laid. What other reason would there be for me to pick Ziah up, bring her home, and then all of us to leave and go play wedding planner? My brother has been back a day, and he already doesn't feel like my brother anymore. It's like he's already forgotten about us and our pact.

I pull up in front of Ziah's house. After glancing at my cell, I toss it on the seat. I'm right on time, so I honk the horn and wait for her to come out. She's out the door about ten seconds later, scowl in place, but stops dead in her tracks about twenty feet from my Hummer.

I'm not going to roll down the window. I'm not going to roll down the window.

I roll down the window. "What?"

More scowling. "I'm not riding in that thing."

"What? Why?"

"It's ridiculous! It's-" She's gesturing and looks stunned or something.

"She's cool as hell. Get in the car, Hanes, or I'm leaving."

She humphs before crossing her arms and walking to the passenger's side. I watch as she climbs up and in. Her feet automatically come up, and she rests them on the dash.

"What are you doing? Why would you put your feet on Mary?" What's wrong with this girl? She's a nutcase.

"You named your car?" She rolls her eyes. "Of course you named your car."

But she puts her feet down, and I swipe my hand across the nonexistent foot-marks on the dash.

"What do you mean 'of course I named my car'?" Five seconds with this girl, and I'm already a million times more annoyed than I was before.

"Nothing."

She has her face practically plastered to the window so she doesn't have to look at me as I drive. I turn up the music, hoping it'll drown out her moodiness. Two can play at this game. Though for her, I'm pretty sure it's not a game, and she actually hates me. What did I ever do to her? Nothing. Girls are just crazy, and my brother is getting himself tied up in the craziness. He's screwed if Lora is as pissy as her sister.

I glance over at her. She's still looking out the window. She has her hair tied up in a ponytail thing, which would not be hot if it weren't for the one little strand of hair that fell down. The air from the heater makes it brush against her cheek, and something makes me want to reach out and slide the silky strands through my fingers before I tuck it behind her ear.

Apparently it's not girls who are crazy. It's me. There's seriously something wrong with me. We've gotten along all of about two seconds of the times we've seen each other, yet I'm fantasizing about playing with her hair? It's something Derrick would do with Lora.

As much as I try, I can't seem to make myself focus on the road. The music isn't distracting me like it should. I can't even find it in myself to think about my dumb ass brother and how he's doing a douche-bag thing getting married and dragging me along for the ride.

Against my better judgment, I turn down the radio. "Just curious, but is there a quota of hours you have to spend mad, and you're behind? You don't have to play catch up every time you're with me, you know."

Her head whips around, that little lock of hair flying with it. "What? I'm not mad, and you don't have to be a jerk."

She's going to be pissed, but I can't help it, I laugh.

"What's so funny?" She turns sideways in the seat, and I swear I see a hint of a smile. She's trying to hide it, but I see all.

"You... not mad. That's got to be the funniest thing I've ever heard."

"Maybe it's just you, ever think of that? Maybe you bring it out in me?"

"Aww, I think that's the nicest thing you've ever said to me." Her mad face is breaking, and the smile is peeking through more. "Don't smile, you'll ruin it. If you smile now, I'm going to know you don't really hate me. That you're madly in love with me but too scared to admit it."

She freezes, and I know she's about to blow. "I don't do love, and if I did, it definitely wouldn't be with you."

She crosses her arms again and goes back to staring out the window and pretending to be interested in streets she sees every day.

I don't try to talk to her anymore. It makes for a long ride back home, especially when I can't stop myself from wondering why she's anti-love all of a sudden. She looked pretty happy with that guy at the party. Are they together? Did they break up?

Why do I give a shit?

I jump out of Mary when we get home. Ziah is right behind me-her lips still glued shut as I let her in the house. "They're in Derrick's room. They've been in there since last night. If I know my brother, they'll be in there for a while."

"What?" She finally speaks. "Lora called and said we were going as soon as we got here."

I shrug, but to my surprise, Derrick and Lora start walking down the stairs holding hands. Nice. Pushed to the side again. Derrick and Lora come out for Ziah, but I haven't seen him since last night.

"You guys ready?" Derrick asks, a cheesy smile on his face.

"No," Ziah and I say at the same time. I glance over at her and give her a nod. At least we agree on one thing.

"Ziah!" Lora hisses.

"I'm kidding, Lora."

Lora smiles, but I'm confused as to why. Even I can tell Ziah's lying, and I don't know her very well.

"What's the plan?" If she can pretend to care, I guess I should, too. Derrick starts babbling about how we're just going to lunch today. Apparently Lora likes to make lists, and she needs all our help to write one for all the crap they're going to make us do.

"How much is there to do? I mean, do we really need a specific lunch date just to make a list?" I don't know about them, but that sounds ridiculous to me. "I mean, I can stay here, and you guys can just give me the list later. I'll take one for the team like that."

"Hey! That's not fair! If I have to go, you have to go, too!" Ziah gives me the evil eye.

"Sorry, I thought of it first."

"Which means you're the only one who can do it?" She turns toward me, and her hands go to her hips. "I have a whole lot of stuff going on that-"

"Stop!" Lora yells. Both Ziah and I shut up. She's not looking like the sweet, hot- chocolate-making sister right now, and I start to see where Ziah gets her attitude. "You guys are being ridiculous! Ziah," she turns to her sister. "It's not like I ask a lot of you. This is important to me, and I want to share it with you. If that's too much to ask..."

"And you," Derrick shoves me. Of course, Ziah only gets a look, and I get shoved. "Stop being an ass. What else would you be doing? Going out with one of the girls you never want to see again? You can do that shit later. I'm your brother. Stop acting like a douche-bag."

Me? I'm the douchebag? He's the one who doesn't want anything to do with me unless it's to put me to work on the wedding I'm trying to save him from.

I look over at Ziah for support, but her eyes look watery. She turns away from all of us, and I'm not sure anyone notices but me.

"You're right. I'm sorry. Can I use the bathroom before we go?" she asks before she sniffs. Something's definitely up.

"I'll show you where it is," I say.

She doesn't say a word to me as I show her where the bathroom is. I don't really feel like talking either, but part of me is curious what's going on. She may be pissy, but she's the only ally I have in this.

A few minutes later, we're all piled in Derrick's car, Ziah and I in the backseat. She's looking out the window again, and I find myself wondering what's wrong. Is it just the wedding? I mean, that's enough because it's a hell of a big thing, but I'm guessing there's more.

I watch as her eyes drift forward to look at Lora. A couple times she shakes her head, and others she just looks sad. Looks like I'm not the only one getting ditched by the lovebirds up front.

I'm surprised when he doesn't slow down as we approach our pizza place. "Um... did you forget where we eat?" I thump Derrick in the back of the head.

"I'm not really in the mood for pizza."

Lora jumps in. "We can go eat pizza if you guys want. I'm cool with anything."

Her words are nice and all, but they kind of feel like she's throwing me a consolation prize. And even though I really want some damn pizza, I'm not taking it. "Nah, it's cool. We can eat wherever."

A few minutes later we pull up at a little Mexican restaurant. Derrick and Lora sit on one side of the booth, and Ziah and I on the other. While we're waiting for our food to arrive, Lora pulls out her trusty pen and paper.

"Okay, so we're thinking one of the first things we need to do is visit a few venues to decide where the wedding should take place."

The word venue makes me want to laugh for some reason. "Since you're the ones taking the plunge, don't you think you should pick the place?"

"D!" Derrick gives me his pissed-off look.

"I agree with him," Ziah jumps in.

Ha! "Seriously, though, I'm not trying to be a jerk, but I don't see how we're supposed to help with this one." Or anything, but I don't say that.

"We have a big list of places we want to visit. It'll take too much time, so we figure we could split the list, you two go and we can go. You guys can take pictures, write down all the price information and stuff, and it will help give us something to go on."

Lora looks like she practiced that speech in front of the mirror like a million times.

"Why can't I go with you?" Ziah asks.

Lora looks stumped by that question. I have the urge to give Ziah a high five.

Lora looks over at Derrick, and I lean closer to Ziah. "The surgery to separate them would take too long. We wouldn't want the wedding postponed, would we?"

She chuckles.

I lean back in the seat. "I'm cool with going with Ziah."

Lora smiles. Derrick nods at me, but Ziah's head whips around. "What?"

"Excuse us for a second." I start to nudge Ziah out of the booth, and she's looking at me like she's wondering what the hell I'm doing. But she goes. When we get to the hallway by the restrooms, I stop her. "You like talking about my brother?"

She crosses her arms. "No."

"Good. I don't like talking about your sister either. We separate them, and I'm pretty sure we're going to want to chop our own ears off before long. At least if we do this together, we don't have to watch Derrick pant around after her with his tail between his legs while Lora plays the sugar plum fairy filled with sugar and spice and everything nice."

And as the words come out, I'm wondering why I'm bothering with this. It would be a lot easier to talk my brother out of getting married if he's detached from his girl. Instead I find myself, once again, determined to make Ziah smile.

She's close, but doesn't do it. Damn, she's a tough sale.

"Fine, but this doesn't mean I like you."

"News flash, but you're not exactly my favorite person either." Even though I do want to touch that one stupid strand of hair, just so I know what it feels like. And even though I just put us in a position to be spending a lot of time together.

I need to pull back away from this girl. "Look. I think you and I could work about a million times faster than those two. We can take pictures and pretend to play nice." Not a bad plan if I do say so myself.

"Okay. I can do that." She nods.

"Good." We head back toward the table. As we walk around the corner, I see Derrick nuzzling Lora's neck. I sort of want to puke again, but it's Ziah who freezes, her whole body going still as though she is unable to move. She gasps a little like it actually hurts her to see them or something. I mean, I definitely don't like seeing them together, but it seems different with her.

"Hey... you okay? You don't seem like yourself." Not that I know what herself actually is, but it works.

She bites her lip and turns to look at me. "How did you-" And then like she changes her mind she says, "Nothing. I'm fine," before stomping back to the table.

I pray to God she didn't bring her voodoo dolls with her.

Eight

~ Ziah ~

Christmas passes in a blur of me trying not to think about James and Alyssa or Derrick and Lora, or what it's going to be like to go back to school with them and plan a wedding that I'm not sure should even happen.

I'm still pissed at Lora because freaking Dylan noticed something's wrong with me while she's still running around clueless. At this point, I'm not telling her out of principle.

***

Two days after Christmas, I'm almost home from my run when I see James on my porch. I want to turn around and run away, but two things stop me. First off, I'm stronger than that. And second... he saw me.

I slow to a walk, wondering what on Earth I'm going to say to him when we get close. I don't know what happened, and I don't want to know. The whole thing makes me sick, and it's all bottled up inside me because I can't talk to Alyssa, and my sister's too busy with Derrick.

James' voice pulls me into the present. "Ziah, I..."

"You do not want to hear what I have to say right now."

I point at him and push past where he's standing on the sidewalk. How long has he been standing this close? And wow, I just sounded way tough.

"No, no. I do. Let me have it. Say anything you want." He keeps pace with me. "Anything so we can be back to the way we were." He's been crying, no doubt.

"Tell me everything." I stop to stare.

He needs to say what actually happened, all of it.

"I told you already," he pleads. "I texted you everything."

Right. The texts I didn't read. "Well. What would you say if I said I'd talked to Alyssa?"

I haven't talked to Alyssa, of course. I haven't read texts or email, but I figure right now my best option is to pretend I have.

His jaw drops. My heart rips a little further. It's bad. More than once? Many times? I'm confused as to why he still wants me.

"Yeah. That's what I thought." I run up my porch steps and push open the front door.

"Ziah, please..."

"What? What else do you want from me, James?" You've already crushed me. There's nothing left.

"She was drunk, Ziah. And you don't pull on me like that anymore. Like you really want me. I knew it was stupid. And it was just one time. I swear. When I was dropping her off."

Oh. Right. The night of the party; I really should have put that one together.

I spin to face him, keeping the now half-closed door between us. She pulled on him. Her. On him. He kissed her. I knew half this already, but now I have something to formulate a picture, and it kills me.

"I don't want to talk to you, James. I don't love you enough to stay together, and I'm trying to decide if I even like you enough to stay friends." I slam the door in his face and cry because this should have never happened.

And then I cry because James and Ziah are no longer, and because my sister hasn't even asked. It's been more than a week, and she hasn't asked where he's been or how we are. And then I cry even more because I want to talk to Alyssa. I miss her.

I'm so stupid.

Why the hell would anyone want to be in love? Why would anyone want to be married?

I'm in my empty house, and I pace as tears stream down my face. What do I do? It's not even like I have anyone I can talk to. My phone beeps.

ALYSSA: WE NEED TO TALK.

Oh. Right. James must have called her. This sucks. Now I'm ready to just-

A knock at the door makes me jump.

Crap. Who...? Oh no. Dread sinks further. Dylan. Stupid wedding location number one, and I forgot.

I take a few deep breaths, but my throat is still ten times its normal size and my cheeks are wet from tears. My hands swipe my face over and over as I pull open the door. Dylan's eyes widen when he sees me. I must look really bad.

"Look." But the word comes out all whiny and just talking makes my body want to cry again. I fan my face, but it doesn't help. "Not a good time. Please. I'm sorry."

"Holy... Ziah. What happened?"

I shake my head. Being humiliated at my own house alone is bad enough, but in front of Dylan? A million times worse. He's one of the untouchable guys. Well...for a girl like me. The fact that we're forced to be around each other doesn't mean someone like him would ever choose to be here.

"Is anybody home?" He looks over my shoulder, probably hoping he can get an easy escape. That someone's here to help the ridiculous crying girl.

I start to say no but just shake my head. My breath is coming in these weird, gaspy chokes, and I can't seem to make it stop.

He waits a second and then his face changes. Like he's determined. "Get your ass out here. You don't have to talk. Let's just... Mary makes everything better." He smirks, but he looks like he's really trying hard.

I'm such a loser idiot.

I let him take my hand and lead me to his car. I even climb in without giving him any crap over driving such a ridiculous vehicle, and then I realize I'm in long running shorts and probably smell.

Dylan gets in, turns to face me, and settles lower in the seat. "Wanna talk or whatever? Or no?" His words sound almost painful. This has to be a million miles from what he'd normally do.

"Lora didn't even see." Tears start running down my face again as I stare out his windshield "She knows me better than anyone, and she didn't even see."

"Sorry, Ziah. For whatever."

I shake my head.

"Can I take you to a friend's house or something?"

And then I shake in a sob, one I hope I can keep from turning into more. "No. She's... This sucks so bad, I can't even say it." My body's doing this weird quivering thing, and I pull in another breath, and I can't believe I have to do this with HIM because I have no one else to talk to. "I think, since your party. She's been weird and so has James, and..."

"Oh, shit." He knows. Of course he does.

They've been weird for like two months, and I didn't see it. But in just a few words, he's caught on. I'm such an idiot.

I shake my head and wipe my face again. "Don't. It's just. It is what it is, but it makes the whole wedding thing..."

"Even worse." He shifts in his seat and starts the car. "And Lora doesn't know?"

"Pre-occupied." And as I breathe in again, my body relaxes. Not a ton. But a bit. Enough that I think I might be able to hold myself together for a while. I hate that my own sister hasn't looked past her wedding since she's been home.

Dylan runs a hand over his hair. "That's one way of saying they barely come up for air."

I start to put a foot on the dash like I always do but stop and pull my knees to my chest instead. "I'm sorry. I just... I mean, he just left, and I just found out. And..."

"Nah. It's cool. I got screwed out of pizza the other day, so we'll get pizza. If we get around to the bullshit museum thing they want us to do, we'll do it. If not, we can both claim bonding time or some stupid shit like that. Cool?"

"Bonding shit, huh?" I almost laugh. Almost.

"You're about to crack a smile already. Damn I'm good." He flicks on the radio.

The Neon Trees. "I love that song," I say at the same time he says, "I love this band."

"Jinx," he says as his thumbs tap the steering wheel to the beat.

"Wait? What? You can't say jinx unless you say the exact same thing!" Everyone knows that.

"Um, yeah I can. Dylan's Hummer. Dylan's rules." His blue eyes find mine, and he gives me a ridiculous smirk.

I shake my head. "Okay, then you can't say jinx unless it's 1995. Dork."

Maybe I can just hang with hot party guy. And maybe I'll be able to function even though the guy who should be my boyfriend is with my should-be best friend. I wipe the last few tears off my cheeks.

"Shh. My rules, remember? You can't talk until the song is over."

And we just sit and listen. Mary's seats are so wide I can pull my legs into cross-legged position. It's not perfect and my chest still feels a bit caved out, but I also feel like I'll survive it.

***

"Okay, are you kidding me?" I ask as we stop. The pizza place is sandwiched between a laundromat and a pull-tab convenience store.

"Don't ya trust me?" he teases.

"I... Not really, no." But I am totally distracted.

"Come on." He opens his door.

"Your car is taking up two parking spaces," I point out.

He shrugs. "Yeah. We were lucky to get two close together."

"You can be such a jerk." And I can breathe, which is more than I thought I'd be able to do an hour ago.

He chuckles. "It's parking spaces, Ziah. Don't be such a drama queen."

He shuts his car door and starts around the front of Mary for mine. I jump out before he gets to my side. I'm not sure why I didn't just let him get my door. It feels like I forced him on a date or something-though, really it's our brother and sister who have forced us on a date, or an outing, or whatever this is.

I follow him inside, and the cashier leans his elbows on the counter. "S'up, Lil' D."

Lil' D? I'm trying to hold in my laughter, but my body's shaking anyway. This is so perfect. The crappiness from earlier is fading away fast. I'm sure it'll come crashing in again at some point but not right now.

Dylan cringes. He turns toward me. "This is my brother's friend Hank. And I don't even let my brother get away with calling me that." He tags Hank in the shoulder across the counter without looking.

"All right. Dylan." Hank rolls his eyes at me. "What can I get for ya?"

"Do you trust me to order for us?" Dylan asks. "We could get my favorite."

Crap. I'm chewing on my lip, and he's staring. He must think I'm crazy. "I'm curious to see what Lil' D gets on his pizza."

He shakes his head. "I'm only lettin' you get away with that because..."

I wait for a moment and then finish for him. "'Cause I'm a mess?" I offer.

Hank leans forward. "I'm guessing you both want a drink?"

"Yeah." I nod.

"That'll be twenty." Hanks pushes a few buttons on the register.

"What?" Dylan chuckles. "How about you hook me up since you just gave her some ammo with that stupid-ass nickname my brother started."

Hank laughs. "The problem here, Dylan, is I run a small pizza place, and you live in one of the biggest houses in Portland. I'm totally exploiting you, and you're lucky you can get a pizza for less than fifty bucks." He turns and hands the order through the window to the kitchen. "And you have to move that ridiculous beast of a car you insist on driving. I can't have you taking up two spaces."

"I'll move my car when I get my pizza." Dylan laughs. He grabs me a Dr. Pepper from the fridge and himself a Pepsi. He holds the soda out to me. "I guessed 'cause it's what your sister drinks."

"Thanks. This has been very informative, Lil' D," I tease, as I take my soda from him.

He lets out a dramatic sigh. "Please, not you, too."

"O-kay." I mimic his dramatic sigh. "But just remember it's back there for blackmail."

"You gonna cut me any slack?" His crooked smile is one of the many things that melted me at the party, and no guy should be giving me happy tingles just after I slammed the door in James's face.

"I don't know. Maybe." And we're standing here, and I'm lighter every minute.

"Perfect." His voice is dry, but a corner of his mouth pulls up. Dylan holds open the door. "It's not raining, we should be outside."

"Agreed." I follow him out the door.

***

Our legs are stretched out on Mary's hood. Bits of sunshine paired with the black surface makes it feel almost like summer. The Willamette River is in front of us, and we have a view of a few of the bridges that stretch across the water.

Dylan's favorite pizza is pretty awesome-double pepperoni, ham, and olives.

"So." He takes another bite. "I'm assuming you're a college girl. Where you headed?"

"Undecided. I'm pre-med, and there are a lot of places I could go. I've applied like, everywhere."

"Cool. I'm, um...pre-law."

I choke on my bite of pizza. "Pre-law? So, really you're a brainiac like me, but you're disguised as a hot party guy?" My cheeks heat up the moment the words are out. I drop my pizza and put my hands on my cheeks, hoping to cool them down.

"Wow, Hanes, was that a compliment?" He nudges my arm with his elbow.

"Oh, come on." I shake my head. "You're not going to argue with me on that point, are you?" Maybe if I play it off as his conceit rather than how I feel, it won't be a big deal.

"Let's just say I'm holding onto that one for blackmail."

Of course he is.

"But seriously? It's what my dad does, and I get it. It's like the law is this strict guideline. But really, it's so bendable, you know? If you're smart about it. I like the idea of all the motions, and the back and forth that happens between firms working on the same case." He takes another bite, so relaxed. "Plus, I'm kickass at arguing and getting my way."

I have to laugh at his honesty. And I'm sort of in shock because a part of me felt he'd be a guy who did nothing. I bet his dad has enough money for him to get away with it, too. But he's not going to do nothing-he's going to do something big.

"I'm getting into medicine because of my dad. He decided to teach instead of practicing. I want to practice. Probably pediatrics, but I'm not sure yet. I have a way long time to think about it."

"So, we're both after the big degrees," he says.

"Yeah." We both are. "But on opposite sides of what they offer."

"Maybe." He shrugs.

It sort of sums up Dylan and me. Not that there is a Dylan and me. But it's like we're similar, and we're not. I'm okay to cry in front of him, although I'm still embarrassed about it, and we're both unhappy about this wedding. Then he's the big mansion, hot party guy with the model friends, and I'm...well, the opposite of that. Before I have a chance to process how much time's gone by, the city's turning dark, and I'm not sure what to do.

"I'll take you home," he says.

"What?"

"You're looking around like you're trying to figure out how to get rid of me," he teases as he slides off the hood.

He stands underneath me and holds his hand out to help me down. My heart starts to beat all crazy, which means I'm completely ridiculous because it's just a hand. I take it and land way too close to him. And his blue eyes are too close and his warmth is too close and he smells so, so good. And when he steps away, it's like my legs are weak, proving that I really need to be careful around this guy.

"So, today we call bonding time, and maybe we'll get together again for the museum, cross something off that stupid, damn list." He sucks in the last word. "Sorry, I know it's your sister's."

"Her lists are ridiculous. No worries here."

"I know you don't know me or anything, but you really should talk to your sister about all this mess with the friend and the guy and everything."

I blow a loose strand of hair off my face. "Maybe."

I know he's right, and I know I'm stubborn and want her to come to me. But I'm also stubborn enough to wait on her for a while longer.

Dylan pauses looking at me more intently than I expect. He shakes his head like I do when I'm trying to get past one thought into another.

"No maybe. Dylan knows his shit. Besides, if you're able to get them to separate for longer than a bathroom break, I'll call you a miracle worker."

It sounds like a challenge. "You're on."

Nine

~Dylan~

I can't get over how weird yesterday was. I mean, it started because I can't stand to see a girl cry. When Ziah was all teary and mopey, I did the only thing any guy would-I tried to distract her so the tears would stop. I'm not the best with the whole opening up thing, but I figured pizza always works with me. So I gave it a shot.

And it actually wasn't so bad.

Not like I think we're friends or anything, but for a little while, I actually forgot I was just trying to distract her. Granted, today I'll do everything in my power to make myself remember it was just distraction. She's still the angry chick whose sister is ripping my brother away from me. And who also has an idiot of an ex-boyfriend.

"Lil D! Open up." Something pounds against my bedroom door.

"Go away!" I yell back at Derrick. I'm still pissed at him about this whole thing, and honestly, I'm not even sure what to say to him anymore. It's weird hanging out with him now, and I never expected it to be like that.

"No." He pushes inside.

"Don't make me kick your ass again."

He laughs, and I roll over to ignore him. "Come on. Get dressed. We're hanging out for a while."

I look up to see he's already dressed in a pair of cargo shorts and a button up shirt. "Oh, so you have time for me today? You pried your lips away from Lora long enough to talk with your brother?" Still, I find myself pushing up and getting out of bed.

Derrick rolls his eyes. "Grow up and come on. You're acting like a five-year-old."

I choose to ignore that. This is his fault, not mine. Once I'm in my bathroom, I strip and take a quick shower. When I'm ready, I jog down the stairs, half expecting to see Derrick and Lora surgically re-attached, but luckily, she's not here.

"So what's up? Why do you suddenly have time for me?"

Derrick groans. "Seriously, you're starting to piss me off."

I grab an apple out of the bowl and take a bite. "What a coincidence. You're doing the same thing to me."

He doesn't reply, but grabs his keys off the counter. I follow him, eating the apple as we go. I'll never admit it, but I'm excited to spend the day with him. I'm so over all this wedding stuff and just want to pretend things are the way they used to be.

We head to the driving range, which may sound like something eighty-year-olds do, but golfing is the shit. When Dad makes time for us, that's almost always what we do.

Over two buckets of balls, we challenge each other to see who can drive the farthest. Once we're out of balls, we head to the pizza place, and I pray to God they don't tell him I was here with Ziah yesterday. I don't know why, but I don't want him to know I actually don't hate her guts. It might come in handy later.

Luckily, Hank's at lunch, which is ironic as hell, if you ask me, since he works at a pizza place. We have our specialty, drink way too much soda, and then I beat him at a few video games. It feels like old times.

I can almost forget there's a Ziah or a Lora. I can pretend he's just here on break and not taking time off from school. I can forget that the one person who was there for me when our family fell apart has hardly had the time of day for me. I can almost forget that I've ever doubted the Gibson Boys.

Right now, it's still just us, and nothing is going to tear us apart like it did when I was younger.

"Where do you want to go next?" Derrick asks as we drive through town.

"I don't know." It makes me sound like a p**sy, but I suddenly want to think of something else so we can keep hanging out. "Wanna hit the mall? Dad's birthday is coming up. We need to get him something."

Derrick nods as he pulls onto the freeway. The car is quiet for a few minutes before he says, "Listen, Dyl, I wanted to talk to you about something real quick."

"Yeah?" I ask, flipping with the knobs, just assuming it's going to be something stupid.

"Lora's having a really hard time with Ziah being so against the wedding, and you treating her like you do... She thinks you don't like her or something. I was thinking-"

I fight a groan. "That you'd hang out with me like old times just to suck up before you pounce on me to make your girl feel better?" I shake my head, suddenly feeling like punching my brother more than I ever have.

"What? No. I just thought this would be a good chance to bring it up."

"Yeah... sure."

It's stupid, but I feel like I'm locked out of what's going on again. That I'm in my room alone while Dad loses it, Derrick tries to cover for him... and Mom is just gone. No one ever tells me what's going on. All I know is they're out there, and I'm in here. Alone.

Hell, maybe I am a wuss.

"You know that's not how it is."

Actually, I don't, but whatever. "You know what? I forgot I had something to do. Let's just go home."

He doesn't even argue.

***

Ziah's ridden the whole way to the museum in silence, and even though I'm trying not to be, I'm pissed about Derrick. I don't say a word to her because I've been known to be a jerk when I'm in a bad mood. Of course she has her hair up again, and I not only have to see that little strand hanging down but also her neck. It's a nice neck. I like kissing necks, and I suddenly want to kiss hers. What the hell is wrong with me?

I slam Mary's door and then just get mad at myself. It's not her fault Derrick's a jerk. I walk to the other side of the Hummer and wait for Ziah to climb down. Silence still weighing on us, we head inside.

"Hey." She touches my arm.

I may or may not enjoy that innocent touch way too much. It's like ever since I first noticed that piece of hair, followed by our semi-normal day yesterday, I can't stop thinking insane stuff about her.

"Are you okay?" She smiles.

No, no I'm not. "Yeah, just wondering who the hell would want to get married in a museum. I didn't know people did that."

"You didn't? If I agreed with this wedding, I would actually think it's cool. It was my idea."

Oh. Leave it to me to insult her. "I mean, it's cool... Actually, unique. Yeah, unique."

Ziah laughs all high-pitched. "No, you think it's lame, and that's okay. Stop trying to be nice. Two days in a row is going to scare me."

This time, I laugh with her. I don't know why, but I enjoy the little reminder that I helped her feel better yesterday. Me. And not because I'm rich or because I'm a good kisser, which is usually the way I help girls. It just...was. "Yeah, I definitely don't want to look like a nice guy. Thanks for saving me on that one."

She smiles at me again and then does this girly, hip-bump thing to me. "Come on, let's look around." Umm, who is this, and what happened to angry Ziah?

Obviously in her element, she leads me around. I snap pictures here and there for my loser brother with Ziah's phone because I left mine in Mary. She wants shots of every angle and every freaking inch of the place. It's crazy because I know she's not any more excited about this wedding than me, but she's one of those girls that if she's going to do something, she's going to do it right. I can understand that. Kind of. After an hour, I'm not sure how much more there is to photograph.

"You'd think you were the one getting married. You'd be one of those bridezilla girls wouldn't you?" I say it just to get a rise out of her because I know she wouldn't be like that.

"What? I can't believe you would say that! You know I think this whole thing is stupid."

I laugh. "Truth hurt?" For some reason, joking around with her like this kind of helps me forget about Derrick.

"No, but I'm going to hurt you."

I pull her hair like a twelve-year-old and run. She chases me. When did I stop being mad?

"Get over here, Lil D!"

I zip by her and pull her hair again. "Don't call me that."

I take a corner and collide into something. "Umph."

Four eyes are staring back at me. Okay, not four but a woman old enough to be my grandmother with glasses so thick I think they're the same as my windshield.

"Sir and miss. You cannot run in the museum. If I catch you again, I'm going to have to ask you to leave."

"Oh no! We're so sorry," Ziah says before I get the chance to tell the lady if I run again, there's no way she could catch me. When I open my mouth to say so, Ziah gives me this look that makes me snap my mouth closed before she grabs my arm and pulls me away.

"You're no fun."

"You almost got us kicked out." She lets go of my arm and turns to face me.

"Which would have been the fun part. Don't you ever break any rules, Hanes?" I give her a wink and a smile. Then lean a little closer. Maybe too close.

Her feet plant themselves to the floor. Her breath hitches. I actually see the pulse beating in her neck, and I know. She's looking at me all funny, and suddenly I'm breathing faster, too. I notice a tiny scar by her lip and can't help but wonder how it happened. Wonder what it would feel like under my finger.

As if we both realize this moment is way too strange, we jump apart.

What the hell was that?

I step away, and she's still watching me. "Wanna look around for fun now? I think you got enough pictures."

She nods, looks at the floor, and I can't help but feel like I just let her down somehow. "What do you want to look at first? I'm game for anything." And I'm totally trying to make up for the fact that I'm a jerk.

Ziah leads me to display after display. I'm pretty sure we've looked at everything twice, and as boring as the museum should be, it's fun because she keeps making me laugh. I'm making her laugh, too. I wonder if this is what it was like for her when I helped her forget about James. If we can somehow make each other forget all the shit that's going on while we plan this stupid wedding.

Is this what it's like to be just friends with a girl? I like it a lot more than I thought I would.

"How you doing?" I finally ask her as we walk along. "You know, with Alyssa and the jerk?"

"Who? Oh. Right. Yeah. He is a jerk. I like your name for him better." She shrugs. When she does, her arm brushes mine, and I'm way more aware of it than I should be. It's an arm, for God's sake.

"I'm okay, I guess. Still trying to sort it all out in my mind. It sucks. She was my best friend... I lost them both at the same time."

I love how she opens up to me. I'm not sure any girl has ever been as honest with me as she is. It makes me want to give her the same thing.

"You remember Paul? He was the one dancing like an idiot in my kitchen that first night. Anyway, he's an idiot, but he's my boy, too. We've known each other since we were little. I can't imagine what I'd do if he screwed me over like that."

She gasps a little, and I worry I said the wrong thing. We're still walking, and it takes her a minute to reply. "Yeah, that's why it hurt so much. It was Alyssa, and having her be the one who hurt me sucked."

"Sucks. You don't need her, though. Not if she's like that. I know my shit. You should always listen to Masta Dylan."

She drops her head back and laughs. God, this girl is killing me. I stare at her neck and wonder what it would feel like to kiss it, but then I see Derrick and Lora, Dad on the ground crying, and me wondering what the hell was going on. I shake my head and notice the painting on the wall.

"He's incredible."

"I love this artist," we say at the same time. Okay, we really need to stop having things in common. It's screwing with my head.

"Yeah, he's great." I step closer.

"I love art... mainly because I'm so terrible at it. I can't help but respect people who can do so well what I could never in a million years accomplish."

I don't know what makes me open my mouth and say it, but I do. "I draw. Sketch, paint a little. Nothing like this, but..." Now I feel like an idiot. Like I'm trying to impress her or something. "Yeah, drawing isn't the same thing, I guess."

But she's looking at me with those wide eyes, and I can tell, she thinks it's something. "I'd love to see your stuff sometime. I mean, if you don't mind showing me."

"Yeah? I have one of my sketchbooks in Mary. Want to come see it?" What the hell is wrong with me? It's just because you brought up her friend and her ex... you're trying to make her feel better.

Five minutes later we're in the Hummer, and she's looking through one of the books I never let anyone see.

"These are great, Dylan." Her fingers slide across one of my drawings like it's a treasure. "You're really good. Seriously, you should be proud of yourself. I could never do this. It's amazing."

"Umm... Thanks."

She's still looking at my picture, picking the edge of my paper. I totally want to tell her to be careful with it, but I don't.

"I guess I should take you home." The words come out of nowhere, but I suddenly need some space from her.

"Yeah, I guess so."

It doesn't take us long to get to her house. We're all quiet again until I can't take it anymore. "So... should I pick you up tomorrow? I think they have some other wedding crap for us to do."

I think so at least. One second I'm trying to get away because she's too easy to be around, and the next I'm trying to find ways to spend more time with her.

"Ugh... stupid wedding. Yeah. I guess so."

Awkward silence, and then she reaches for me. Holy crap, she's going to kiss me! Hanes is totally about to kiss me! Mayday, mayday! I don't think I want her to kiss me. Her arms wrap around me, and it's totally a hug. I don't know if I'm glad or disappointed.

"Thanks again... For talking and whatever," she says.

"No problem." I pull out of the warmth of her hug. I definitely need to get out of here.

"See ya later."

"See ya," she says, and then she's gone.

Ten

~ Ziah ~

Every time I think about the museum, I get all smiley. It's ridiculous. I'm not the kind of girl to get smiley, especially over a guy who is guaranteed to break my heart. I'm staring off into space as I sit on one of the bar stools when Lora walks in.

"What are you doing here?" I ask.

Dad's napping, and Mom's at work. The house is quiet, and I figured she'd still be with her attachment.

"Have I...missed something?" she asks, her head cocked to the side and her voice quiet.

"What do you mean?" I ask, heart pounding.

"I mean, I felt like a bad sister earlier when someone said there might be stuff going on with you that has nothing to do with the wedding." She sits on the barstool next to mine, still watching my face.

Dylan must have said something. I hate that he did, but it's more because that's what it took for my sister to stop and realize it's not just the wedding that's thrown me.

"Who said that?" I ask, even though it's obvious.

Maybe part of me just wants to hear he's looking out for me. I almost leaned over and kissed him last night, and I don't want to kiss him. I mean, I don't want to kiss anyone. He would probably be a great kisser if I did want to kiss someone, but at the same time, my guess is he's had way too much practice.

"Dylan said you seemed upset, and he wasn't sure if it was wedding stuff or not." She rests her chin on her hand as a show she's not going anywhere.

The total suckiness of the past couple weeks slams into me, and I suddenly have to blink back tears. The thought of going back to school with them makes me sick all over again.

"Ziah. I'm so sorry. Whatever it is. I just assumed it was the wedding because you were so upset about that, and I didn't stop to think it might be something else." She puts her arm around me.

I start from the beginning, with the party and seeing Dylan and James and Alyssa, and how it all just got out of control. How James got weird after the party, and he and Alyssa were never in the same room. And how I didn't see any of it. It feels like I just lost them both.

"God, Ziah. You should have told me first thing."

I wanted to, but I didn't know how. Instead of answering, I shrug.

"Is there more?" She cringes. "You look like you're not done."

There's no point in trying to hide anything now that I know she's going to be watching me, so I tell her about Dylan at the party. The way he looked at me, and the way I felt.

"Whoa, whoa." She stops rubbing her hand across my back. "You noticed Dylan? That way?"

"Yeah, but-"

"Okay. So Derrick even said if you were at all interested in Dylan, not to be. He hasn't grown up yet." Lora's voice is all authoritative. "I knew Derrick was a long-shot when I first started dating him, and he's four years older than Dylan.

I'm suddenly defensive. "Well, Dylan saw something was upsetting me when you didn't."

Now I wish she'd just run back to Derrick.

She sighs. "I'm sorry, Ziah. I know you're smarter than to get involved with someone like him. And I don't want to fight with you anymore, okay? Let's be happy. Tomorrow's cake day, yay!" She's talking quietly, but still manages her Lora enthusiasm, and she's trying really hard to lighten the mood.

I want to defend Dylan, but then she'd get the wrong impression, and it's all the same stuff I've been telling myself. I'm aware that he's not good for me. I'm also aware of how I feel when I'm around him, and that it's probably dangerous. After safe James, no way would I risk myself with someone like Dylan.

"So. We good?" she asks.

Half of me really wants to hold on to my frustration, but I miss my sister. "We're good. Now I want to know how you met Derrick, just don't ramble on for too long," I tease. I figure this is a good way to say thank you for finally taking some time away from the fiance.

Lora laughs and tells me all about the night they met, and how that very first night he said he was going to marry her. How her roommates Karissa and Mardie put her up to this ridiculous night of things every college girl should do. If I wasn't so opposed to them jumping into a wedding, it would be a pretty swoon-worthy story.

She makes Mom's hot chocolate, and we fall asleep watching some cheesy Lifetime movie we make fun of until we can't keep our eyes open any longer. I've missed having my sister around.

***

Soft knocking pulls me from the last bits of sleep. "Ziah?" Lora's voice carries through the door. "You awake?"

"I am now," I snap. Then I remember we're not fighting anymore.

I hate to admit Dylan was right, but it felt good to talk to Lora about everything. She gets how sucky it is for me to feel like I was the third wheel with Alyssa and James. Like they might have secretly wanted to be together, and I was in their way. Humiliation doesn't even scratch the surface of that possibility. She tries to point out they're obviously not together, and it might not hurt to know a little more about the situation. But I'm not ready to go there yet.

"Don't be so grouchy." She pushes into my room with a tray filled with muffins and hot chocolate. This is Lora-speak for "I'm still sorry."

"I can't believe you stayed here last night." I rub my eyes as I push the blankets down and sit up.

"I did grow up here." She sits down with the tray between us and grabs a muffin.

"Yes. But since then, you've formed an attachment." I smirk. "Or another limb, you could call it."

Lora rolls her eyes. "Just wait. When someone hits you..."

I hold my hand up between us. "No. Way. James was like the most loyal guy I know, the most level-headed and good, and look what happened there. No WAY am I doing that again." Who would take the risk?

"You'll stay single forever?" She scoffs as she shoves another heaping bite of muffin into her mouth.

"No." I grab a chocolate chip muffin. "Maybe I'll just start to like girls instead." Crumbs fall out of my mouth as I talk, and we both end up giggling over it. A bit girly and pathetic, but it feels good.

"Uh...huh..." Lora smirks.

"So, what's up?" I ask.

"So, I just got an email that my wedding dress is ready for me try on. Come with me?" she asks. "And then we'll do cake?"

And I may not be a girlie-girl, but everyone wants to see wedding dresses. Well. And everyone should love cake.

***

"Okay. Lora. No way." I wrap my arms around my waist as she tries to pull me from the dressing room.

Beige lace. Strapless. Small black waistband, and short. Like my legs suddenly look ten miles long because the skirt is that short. This was supposed to be her dress fitting. Not mine. I was tricked.

Also, as fun as wedding dresses are, it's scary to be in a place where all the clothes cost as much as the average house payment. Racks and racks of them.

"Ziah, you only think it's short because you never wear skirts, and your shorts are grandma shorts." She makes a face.

I narrow my eyes, unappeased.

"Karissa and Mardie are both going to wear dresses that are similar but not the same. It'll be fun!" Lora's brows nearly reach her hairline as she changes tactics and goes for overly cheery.

I sigh. "Karissa and Mardie are the two girls that set you up with a list of dares that put you in the hospital to get stitches, and whose efforts resulted in your engagement. Am I right?"

Lora looks wistful instead of defensive. It all came out in the How I Met Derrick stuff last night.

"If it makes you feel any better, Derrick and Dylan are doing their first fittings today, too."

I frown so I don't smile. That does make me feel better. I can't imagine Dylan will enjoy this any more than me. I also make the fatal mistake of loosening my arms enough for Lora to get a good hold and pull me out of the dressing room.

"Oh!" The store-owner peers over her thin glasses. "Well, aren't you the sexy little thing." And then she gives me a wink like this stupid dress was my idea.

I want to growl. Or snarl. Or put my ears back. Unfortunately, I'm Ziah and not an animal. I'm stuck scowling. The woman disappears into the back room again.

"Now here." Lora holds me in front of the mirror, and I'm stunned for a moment.

I don't look like me. I am sexy. The color shows off my tanned skin, and my legs look amazing. Not like they do in shorts, but amazing. Tall. I'm tall.

She pulls my ponytail up and tucks my hair in, leaving a messy bun. The small wisps of my hair frame my face and make my neck look long. Wow. I'm not this girl. Only now I am this girl. I didn't think I could ever be the one who looks too hot to be touched. Wow. Just. Wow.

"And here." Lora holds out a pair of platform heels, and I laugh.

"Yeah. Right. All sexiness would be gone as I plummeted to my death from those heights."

"Just try them on, okay?" She pushes them closer. "I want you girls to look pretty, unlike some brides, who are determined to make her bridesmaids fade into the background in cheap satin."

"I can't walk in those. If you want me to break my leg before your wedding, I'll put them on. But Lora..." I reluctantly reach out, and the shoes are practically slapped in my hands.

"If you start practicing now, they'll be fine. Karissa and Mardie picked them out because every girl needs a good pair of black heels. Don't be such a grouch. Cake's next." She grins.

Cake? She's playing dirty again. Cake is like... Well, let's just say that if someone were to put enough nutrition in cake for me to stay alive and only eat cake, I would.

"I forgot we were doing cake." It's the only part of this whole mess that I've been sort of looking forward to doing. The shock of the dress sort of wiped my brain clean.

"Shoes?" Her smile is too wide.

"Blackmail." I try to frown, but I'm feeling better about Lora and me, so it doesn't come off as mean as I want it to.

"I'm here!" Mom steps through the curtain that divides the large changing area from the front of the store. "Sorry I'm late!"

"Hey, Mom!" Lora pulls her into a hug. "I'm glad you could break away."

"Lora?" Thin-glasses woman is at the edge of the dressing rooms. "I've pulled your dress."

Lora half jumps and claps her hands together. "You put on the heels, and I'm gonna do my dress."

"Mom." I point to my dress.

Her brows go up. "I'll talk to her, but you know your sister. You look stunning." And then she just shrugs like it's okay for her daughter to be wearing a miniature dress.

She's right, though. There's no arguing with Lora when she's this determined. I slide my feet into the shoes, but they just feel so wrong. I never wear heels. Ever. All my dress shoes are flats.

They fit okay, so I take one small step and then another. And then another. I'm doing it. Sort of. But they feel like stilts, not shoes. The mirrored area in the dressing room is large. When people are trying on wedding dresses, I guess it has to be. I make a few laps, still not convinced I'll be able to navigate the aisle without falling.

A bit of the sexiness is gone because my balance is crap in the heels, but it's good. "No way I'll be able to walk down the aisle in these-"

But then Lora steps out of the room in a wedding dress. A wedding dress. I know this should seem all obvious, but it didn't hit me until now. My sister's getting married!

It's simple, antiqued lace and slim against her curves. The sleeves go to her elbows, but the cutout in the back is way sexy. The dress looks snug, but it still manages to flow around her as she walks. It's both simple and complex, and every ounce of it is Lora. It also makes my beige lace bridesmaid dress seem more perfect.

"You're beautiful." I hold my hands to my mouth. "I mean really, seriously, beautiful."

Mom wipes back a few tears as she touches the sheer lace of the sleeves. "Wow, honey."

Lora takes two big swallows as she looks at herself in the mirror. "Yeah. Wow."

"Lora?" Derrick's voice carries from the front of the shop.

"Oh shit!" Lora freezes as she stares at the curtain that separates the two rooms.

Mom picks up the small train. "Go, Lora." She points to the dressing room. "He can't see you like this."

Mom and Lora head to the dressing room.

I glance down and feel nak*d again.

"Go, Ziah! Keep him out of here!" Lora's eyes are wide.

Yes. Me. Feeling nak*d. Again, not really feeling this dress.

"Lora?" Derrick calls again.

"Ziah! Go!" she hisses.

Mom gives me a stare, which feels wrong. I'd think she'd want to protect me from being seen by anyone in this miniature outfit.

"But-" I gesture to the dress, which gets me a finger point and a frown.

I carefully step across the room and through the large curtain into the front of the shop. But it's not just Derrick. That would be only slightly uncomfortable. It's also Dylan. Of course. Definitely feeling nak*d.

So I might not be great with guys or whatever, but there's no mistaking the way Dylan's looking at me. His mouth isn't open, but his jaw is slack. And his eyes are definitely not on my face.

I have no idea if I should be offended or totally soak it in. I go for the second, because walking on stilts has me feeling reckless.

Eleven

~ Dylan ~

Damn. I knew she had a good body, but... toned legs. Lots and lots of toned legs. Long, lean waist. Perfect, slender curves. And if I thought her neck was sexy before, it's nothing like how it is now. The single strand of hair I wanted to touch has turned into several, and I can't decide if they should all be put up or if the way they touch her cheekbones and neck would make it worth keeping them down.

I'm seriously close to embarrassing myself, so I shift to make sure nothing's poking out.

Derrick coughs, and I jump. Her eyes are on me. Shit. I definitely wasn't looking at her face. Hopefully, I'm not supposed to be answering a question, because I definitely didn't hear anything.

"I just stopped by because we have a cake appointment, and..." Derrick trails off like he not only takes orders from Lora, but from Ziah, too.

"Well, I'm not missing cake testing, and I really want out of these shoes." I swear she stands up even taller than before.

I take that as an invitation to check her legs again. I mean, they're right there. A guy can only be so strong.

"So, we'll see you guys there?" she asks.

"Sounds good," Derrick says.

"Wait. Weren't you supposed to be doing this today, too?" Ziah's hands go on her perfectly curved h*ps as she shifts her weight.

"The tailor said he wouldn't be ready until tomorrow," Derrick says.

"Damn." Ziah sighs. "I really thought you two were being tortured today-just like me."

I am. She just doesn't know it.

"We'll see you girls in a few then." Derrick's hand grabs my shoulder with a little too much force.

"Yeah. See you." I glare at my brother before smiling at Ziah.

When she turns, it's all curves again, and a lot of bare back. Derrick slaps the back of my head as Ziah steps back behind the curtain.

"What the hell'd you do that for?" I ask as I rub my head and try to get my hair to sit right again.

"Wipe the drool off your mouth, and don't. Even. Think. It."

I start to protest, but it's probably pointless. "Whatever," I mumble. "She's not my type."

Derrick snorts as he pushes open the door. "Her and her sister have the same body. That's everyone's type."

I want to make a smart-ass comment about Derrick checking out his fiance's sister, but I keep it to myself. Maybe I'll save it for later. Instead I go back to thinking about Ziah and her mile-long legs and wondering what they'd feel like under my fingertips.

***

Lora steps into the cake shop followed by Ziah, and even though she's in jeans and shoes, all I can see is that damn dress. Her long waist. Her perfect body. Toned calves, shaped thighs. And the shoes. Holy hell if girls knew what shoes like that did to their legs... actually, maybe they do. It's a pretty good weapon for them to have.

I need to kick this girl out of my head and run as far away from her as I can get. Mary and I need to find an open road somewhere and forget about brothers, sisters, and T-shirt wearing girls who should not be sexy, yet somehow are.

Oh, and said girl is going to be my sister-in-law? It's not creepy and against the law, I remind myself. It's not like we'll be related by blood, but I also don't think my blood should be flowing to specific parts of my anatomy so powerfully when I'm around her either.

I need to focus on her jeans instead of those bare legs.

"I got lured into lame wedding stuff with the promise of cake, didn't I?" Ziah sighs, keeping her eyes on Lora.

"You're not the only one." I give my brother what I hope looks like a friendly slug, but he winces. I hit my mark just right.

"You did." Lora grabs Ziah from the side and kisses her temple as she laughs.

"Eww. Weren't your lips JUST on his?" Ziah makes a face and rubs the side of her head.

"Grow up, Ziah." Lora rolls her eyes, and then leans close to her sister. "Let's start with the chocolate..."

They ooh and aah over flowered cakes that don't look like food. Lora more than Ziah, but they're definitely getting along better. And Ziah looks happier. I figured I was stepping over a million boundaries when I said something to Lora, but I really didn't want any more of Ziah crying in Mary. And I was trying to be nice to her since Derrick has it in his head that I'm not. Maybe he doesn't realize how much I'm not saying. That could shut him up.

I look over and see Derrick and Lora interacting with their typical vomit-inducing sweetness. Ziah's got a scowl on her face again, but this time I know it's not for me. Doesn't mean I don't want to give her a hard time.

Or study her lips.

Yeah, that sounds pretty fun.

"You should definitely taste this." I hold a piece of cake out to her. I'm totally screwing myself over here, too, because I'm tempting myself with something I can never touch. But damn it would be fun.

"Yeah, like I'm going to eat food out of your hand."

"Why? You scared? Thinking you'll like it too much?" I wink at her for good measure.

"No, I'm just not an idiot."

"It's incredible." I move it closer. "Strawberry. Come on, Hanes. Don't be a wuss. We had a truce. I'll be nice." She licks her lips, and I could swear she's doing it on purpose. "Like I said... Unless you're scared."

"I'll be good, and even put it on a fork." It'll still work this way. I set the bite down before I put it on the fork and hold it out to her again. Ziah shakes her head, but then she opens her mouth and takes the bite.

I groan because that? Yeah, totally hot. Derrick gives me a quick look like he can read my mind, but I ignore him.

"You're right. That was delicious. I'm marking it down as one of my favorites."

I fork another bite and give it to her. This is torture, but sexy. And it'll be a lot more fun in a minute. When I get to the third bite, I think she's enjoying this just as much as I am. When she opens her mouth this time, I pretend I'm going to feed her the bite. At the last second I let the fork take a turn and get cake all over her nose.

"Dylan!"

She grabs a napkin to wipe it off her face, and all I can do is laugh.

***

By the time we hit the third bakery, I never want to see another damn cake again. Derrick and Lora have argued vanilla vs. chocolate, chocolate vs. strawberry, filling vs. no filling vs. blah, blah, blah. I'm really not seeing what the big deal is. It's a cake.

"I want to die." Ziah closes her eyes, her arms hung limp at her sides.

"Agreed." I'm as low in my chair as I can get, my hands resting carefully on my bloated stomach.

"Three quickie locations, and then you two can do whatever you want." Lora gives her sister a too-bright smile.

I groan. "Are there even any more cake flavors out there to taste?"

"It's not about the flavor, it's about how they're made, too." But Lora's quiet. Maybe worried about how I'll react or something.

"Lora. I can't move. I'm serious," Ziah protests.

Lora's eyes widen. "I warned you when you were eating full slices instead of the samples that this was going to happen."

Or when I kept feeding her extra bites off the fork.

"Get up, you big wuss." Derrick mock-punches me in the gut, which means I flinch, which means I'm reminded of every bite of cake I've eaten since lunch.

Lora leans over and whispers in Derrick's ear. His body slowly gets closer and closer to hers, and his smile gets bigger and bigger. I don't even want to know what they're planning. Thank God I can't hear them. Nauseating.

I'm about to cough or something because I really don't want them to start going at it in public, but then I decide I don't do subtle. "Dude. Cut the foreplay." I kick Derrick's foot.

Lora smiles her sales-girl smile. I'm immediately suspicious. "Derrick and I thought maybe if you wouldn't mind running Ziah home, we could do the locations tomorrow? So you two have a choice. You can hang with us and do locations and have tomorrow off, or come with us tomorrow to check out three spots."

"I'll do tomorrow," Ziah says.

"Agreed." With the way those two are looking at each other, I think they need some alone time, pronto.

I slowly stand. "It's just you and me, Hanes. In a battle to make it home before I die of cake consumption."

"Perfect! You're a trooper, Ziah." Lora plants another kiss on her sister's head.

"Yeah. Yeah." Ziah waves her off.

"I just don't know how we're going to decide." Lora sighs as she surveys the table of half-eaten cake slices.

"Then don't." Ziah shrugs. "From the pictures you have pegged all over your magazines, the place will be full of flowers. Why don't you just do a bunch of cakes, decorate them all a little differently but a little the same, stick them on a table, and then people can have choices."

It's actually a good idea, especially since no one around here seems to want to make a decision. Lora and Derrick exchange a look, and I'm willing to do anything to not have to re-test any more cake. "Great idea," I add.

Both Lora and Derrick are nodding and smiling, and I'm thinking this is one part of this damn wedding I won't have to do again.

"You're a genius!" Lora grabs Ziah in a hug, making her groan. "I think we're done with this part then, if that's cool with you." She bats her eyes, and Derrick eats it up.

"Cool with me, baby."

"Great with me, because this means we can go already." I give Ziah a wink before I really think about it, and then realize maybe I shouldn't have. Then I remember what she looked like in that damn dress and the way she licked her lips before biting the cake.

Totally shouldn't be going there. Why the hell did we have to go in that dress shop anyway? We could have texted them from the car out front, and then I wouldn't be thinking about her so much.

***

"I keep forgetting to ask." Ziah's slumped low in Mary's seat, hands resting on her stomach as I drive her home.

"About what?"

"Hanes?"

"Mmm." I knew that would bite me in the ass eventually.

"Why do you call me Hanes?"

And now I'm back to conflicted, because we've actually started to get along. I'm not sure I want to risk angry-Ziah coming back if I remind her how she used to hate me. "My party. When we met. You got all pissed over a T-shirt, so I just thought of you as Hanes."

"Been thinking about me for that long?" she teases, and I remember her saying that before. She's been thinking about me. I like it until I realize what it might mean, and then I wonder if I should be panicking.

"We're here." I stop my car in front of her house, and I suddenly don't want my night to be over. Or maybe I'm thinking I should run screaming.

"So, there's this Hitchcock marathon on tonight that I'm gonna watch." She almost winces. "Actually, that was probably a totally nerdy thing to admit."

"Really?" Hell. I haven't told anyone I watch old movies, and again, Ziah's into the same thing.

"Wanna join me?" The words sort of sputter out, and that to me says she's nervous, which in turn makes me realize I should be nervous, drop her off, and run away.

"Okay."

What the hell? Why is it every time I try to say one thing to her, something else comes out? "I mean, I guess. Sure. I can participate in your nerdy activities with you." Hmm, not too bad. Nice cover, Gibson.

Her eyes narrow at me. "You know what? Never mind."

She's definitely not supposed to say that though.

"I'm kidding! Plus, you're the one who said it was nerdy. I just agreed with you."

Forget the fact I've probably seen every Hitchcock movie there is. More than once. She doesn't need to know that.

"You know you're a bit spastic, right?"

I open my mouth to give her what's probably a really stupid excuse that I haven't even taken the time to figure out yet, but she cuts me off.

"But, considering it's probably much more depressing to watch movies alone, I'll take my chances at dealing with you and your personality flips."

I have to hold in a laugh. She's funny, but I'm not sure I want her to know that. "So basically it has nothing to do with you actually wanting to spend time with me? You just don't want to be alone. I have that about right?"

"About." She gives me a half-grin.

I return it. "That's a relief because that's pretty much the only reason I agreed. I mean, neither of us can hang out with our siblings because they're attached at the mouth, and like you said, friends don't let friends watch movies alone."

"Except we're not friends, remember?"

Damn, she's good. "Acquaintances? Almost-strangers? Pizza-venting buddies? I'm running out of options here so take your choice."

I hate to admit I'm kind of having fun with her. It's the last thing I need or want, but as long as I focus on who she is and not who she is in the dress, maybe I'll be good.

She gives me a girl eye roll. It's almost like 'the look.' Not in the grumpy way, but in the how-do-all-girls-do-that-so-well way. "How about we just go inside before we miss the beginning of Rear Window?"

"Ugh. Always being logical." I'm already opening my door and getting out. My body feels a little primed, like it thinks it's going to be getting something it shouldn't. Totally not going there. Not with Hanes.

Dress.

Okay. Probably not going there with Hanes.

"I think we're two schmucks who let our love of cake drive us to run another wedding errand."

"Agreed."

Her house is small and kind of old-fashioned-looking. There's this huge, floral chair in the corner of the living room that looks like it's as old as us, but honestly, it also looks comfortable as hell, all pillowy like you could sink into it. Big enough for two, too. Chill out, Gibson. Totally not supposed to be going there.

"Not what you're used to, I'm sure." She eyes me as I look around her house.

"No, that's not what I was thinking. I was..." Thinking we'd fit real well on that chair together. Yeah, I'm not thinking that's a good idea. Not just because of the fact that she's a girl, and as shitty as it sounds, I can't make myself trust them. Not really.

But also because I'm really not looking for her knee to meet my balls. I can bet that's what would happen. Because first of all, she's not even sure if she likes me or not. Second, the James thing probably screwed her up a bit.

Oh, that gives me another reason to stay away. Screwed up doesn't sound like something I'm able to deal with.

But I helped the other day...

"Let's just say you don't want to know what I was thinking." I wink at her, and she turns pink. When all else fails, the embarrassment/compliment thing always works.

"Boys are so weird." She shakes her head. "Makes me wonder all the more what my sister is thinking."

She starts to walk toward the kitchen, and I follow her. It's huge, and the only modern-looking thing about the house. "That only leaves one option. Thinking of switching teams?" I tease.

She cracks a smile, and her eyes crinkle at the same time. I can tell she's not sure if she wants to be annoyed with me or if she thinks I'm funny. Personally, I think she should go with the latter.

"You're ridiculous."

"You like it."

"No, I'm just using you for movies and because you're my only ally on Team Sanity, remember? Everyone else is all pro-wedding and stuff."

A laugh breaks out of my mouth. A huge laugh. My gut starts to ache because I'm cracking up so much. "Team Sanity? That's f**king awesome."

She's seriously funny. I wonder if she sees it. I'm not sure if a girl has ever made me laugh as often as she does. Granted half the time she's pissed at me, but the times she's not, she's freaking funny. Or maybe I'm just on edge being around this girl, and laughing is the only way to get rid of it.

"You're not a full card-carrying member yet, but you're the closest I have."

I can see her try to fight her laugh, too, but then she just lets loose. It's crazy to hear her laugh. It's so different than her regular voice and sort of... alive. Which sounds absolutely stupid, but that's the only word I can think of.

"I'm pretty sure you just gave me a compliment, Hanes."

She shakes her head. "The Hanes thing has to go."

"Aww, come on. You know you like it." I sit at the small table in her kitchen.

"Hungry?" she asks.

I'm wondering how the hell she still has room in her stomach, but I'm not about to be outdone.

"Sure. What do you have?"

A stack of menus lands on the table. "I don't cook."

"Isn't your mom a chef?"

One of her brows goes up. "Hence the reason I've never learned to cook."

I laugh again. Maybe she's not so bad.

Twelve

~ Ziah ~

Hot party-guy is in my house. For pizza and a movie. The same day he totally checked me out. And then, just when I thought it would be weird that he looked at me like that, we stuffed ourselves sick over cake, he got it all over my face, and being around him got easy again. Too bad the whole liking someone thing isn't for me.

We're halfway through a large pizza and the first movie. I thought about trying to get him in the big chair with me, but that would be stupid on a million levels. Instead we're on the worn, beige couch.

"So, you're not one of those salad girls, huh." He shoves another slice in his mouth.

"Salad is for rabbits. I eat real food."

Dylan didn't admit it, but he's obviously seen this movie before. I can tell because he's into it but doesn't jump when he should. Not that I think he'd be jumpy, but it's just a feeling I get.

He looks at me a little too long again, and I know I should be running away from this, but I sort of don't want to. It's been so long since I've been around someone who made me feel like they liked what they saw. And since just a look from him gave me the happy let's-get-closer tingles. This is harmless. Just hanging out and flirting. Part of me starts to wonder if I could be the kind of girl who hangs out and makes out and then is all normal and pretends it never happened.

Or maybe I just wish I could be that girl for Dylan.

Or maybe I still wish I could be that girl for James, and it just feels good that Dylan's watching me the way he is.

When he starts talking again, I'm staring at his lips as I think about the kissing and forgetting and the happy tingles and the wanting.

And then I remember James and Alyssa, and my sister's stupid wedding. And I want to take Mom's car and run away from all of it for a while. So maybe I shouldn't be teasing Dylan about being spastic.

We're nearing the end of Rear Window, which gets all kinds of intense, but it's still not as intense as just sitting next to Dylan. I wish I could just get over it and kiss him already, but that thought sort of scares me still because it'll end worse than with James. Even if it was a good idea, which it isn't, there's no way I'd have the guts to do it anyway.

But then, without thinking, my hand rests on the couch between us, almost touching his leg. What am I doing? Did I seriously just make a move? He's so still, but I can tell he's watching me because I can see him glance my way out of the corner of my eye. Now it's hard to breathe, because I've sort of unintentionally made this awkwardness with my stupid hand.

In the movie, the bad guy breaks into the apartment right as Dylan jumps off the couch.

"Scared?" I tease, because it's better than thinking I'm being rejected. Again.

"No... I gotta go. I forgot I have this... thing. Yeah, a thing I have to do."

It's total bullshit. I know it, and he knows it, which is why his body's tense like he just drank ten cups of coffee. And now I just sort of want him to go.

"A thing?" I can feel my scowl, and I'm not sure how to stop it or if I should stop it.

"Yep. A thing." His eyes hit mine, and I swear we're having another moment where I love the way he's looking at me and shouldn't. He shifts his weight a few times before he turns and walks out.

As the end credits roll, I think I've just had the most confusing day of my life.

***

It's the next morning, and I still don't know what last night was. It was more like a date than anything I've done since I can remember. I don't know if I wanted it to be a date or not. Part of me does, and part of me totally doesn't. The self-preservation part is smart enough to know I'd be in way over my head with someone like Dylan. It goes back to the whole experience thing. First, knowing what happens when I like guys, and second, knowing my experience is a few kisses, while I don't even want to see what Dylan's list looks like.

This confusing guy stuff is what I need Alyssa for. I'm just not sure how to deal with her yet. Unfortunately, I have one day to figure it out, because school starts tomorrow.

I pull out my phone and dial. I mean, I can't avoid her forever. We'll all be back in school, and... and maybe I'll have to watch her and James kissing in the hallways.

"Ziah? Finally! I've been trying to get through. I want to talk, and-"

My heart cracks again, and I hang up. I thought I was ready to talk, but I'm obviously not there yet. My phone rings almost immediately, but I silence it. Then get a text.

ALYSSA: PLSE Z. LET'S TALK, OK?

I'm not at all ready to talk to her. Or James. The guy who was supposed to be safe.

Dylan flashes through my head. Definitely more exciting than James. I'm not sure why I was stupid enough to think something might happen between us last night. I'm also not sure why I thought it would be a good idea. The damage done by James is probably tame compared to what Dylan could do.

First off, Dylan's going to be my brother-in-law. Second, just LOOK at him. He's not going to stick around. Third, I'm not myself around him. I'm not the girl who loses her breath when a guy gives her a hand out of a car or off of a car or really anytime. Four, he's mental-totally fun one minute, then moody and quiet the next. Five, the fact that I wasn't afraid to totally flaunt how I looked in that dress could lead to dangerous things for me. Six, I think last night sort of proved he's not into me. I mean, I'm not an idiot. I think there was something there, but if he wanted it, he wouldn't have taken off. And he did.

Once again rejected before anything got started. Which is good, because I really, really don't want to start anything.

Lora comes in the front door, her stack of wedding magazines in one arm, and flops next to me on the couch. "Help?" she asks.

I groan as I sit up. This is not on my agenda. Moping is on my agenda. I've probably looked through all of these a million times. Announcements, flowers, party favors, pictures of honeymoon destinations I'll never see...

"Look. I'm painfully aware that you don't give a shit about my wedding, Ziah. You were mad about the dress and didn't even seem all that excited about cake after the first stop. But I do give a shit, okay? If you need to talk to James to straighten yourself out, then do it. If you need to deal with Alyssa, then do it. But don't ruin this for me!"

Her pile of magazines drops to the floor before tears start falling, and Lora spins back around slamming the door behind her.

What just happened?

Thirteen

~ Dylan ~

The next day as I sit at home waiting for Paul, I'm still thinking about last night.

I've never really been on a date in my life. Yeah, I know. Crazy, right? Not like anyone would believe me because... well, even though I don't date, I definitely get girls. Which everyone knows. Which makes people believe I'm taking girls out left and right, but I'm not. Now that I think about it, it kind of makes me feel like a jerk. But then again, why do guys always have to ask the girls out on dates? It isn't like Chastity would ever come up to me and say, "Hey, Dylan. How about dinner and a movie?" No. With her hand inching toward my crotch, she says stuff like, "Hey, maybe we can hang out tonight," which may sound similar, but it's definitely not the same thing.

Now I can't stop wondering if I went on a date last night with Ziah. We did the dinner thing-for the second time. We watched a movie. After our first dinner, we sat on Mary and talked about the secrets of the universe and shit. Okay, maybe just the secrets of Dylan, but pretty close. It felt different than it would with Chastity. So was it a date? Did I want it to be a date? Honestly, the thought makes me want to puke in Dad's grass again. Not because it was Ziah. But because the more I hang out with her, the more I realize the girl is hot as hell. Not only that, but she's way cool to chill with and pretty funny, too. Oh, and did I mention hot?

But my stomach starts constricting because I MIGHT HAVE WANTED IT TO BE A DATE. I mean, what is that? Dates lead to commitment and commitment leads to temporary insanity and temporary insanity leads to full on mental illness-picking out china patterns, choosing museums to get married in-and ends with two f**ked-in-the head sons and a dad trying to hold it together when he's just as f**ked-in-the-head as they are.

So no, I definitely don't want it to have been a date. Either time.

All you're doing is being nice to her. Helping with the wedding, I tell myself. Which is true and even further drives my point home. I'm sure Derrick never planned on ending up like this when he took Lora on a date. Luckily, I'm not only better looking than my brother, but I'm smarter too.

Then why do I still kind of feel like puking? Why can't I get her laugh out of my head? It's higher-pitched than her voice but not annoyingly so. Hot high-pitched. Or the way her breath catches when I accidentally-on-purpose brush up against her? And the way her eyes are on me, studying me like she wants to memorize every part of me that she can-the way I obviously want to, too, since I'm dissecting her f**king laugh and breathing patterns!

Stop thinking about it. That's all I need to do is stop thinking about her.

***

"Dude, you've been all weird and sulky lately. Did someone kick your dog? Scratch Mary? Oh, you got turned down by a girl!" Paul turns down the music in Mary.

It takes everything in me not to ignore him and turn it back up. First, when the hell did he get so observant? Usually he doesn't notice anything that isn't a way for him to get attention. Second, he had to go and remind me that I have been weird. Oh, and then he hit the nail on the head that it's about a girl. Not that I'll admit it.

"I'm not sulky. Who even uses that word?" Except I am sulky, and I know it.

I flip down the sun visor. I can't stop thinking about the sort-of date, and how I didn't hate the idea. Did it start that way with Derrick? No, I can't let myself think like that. I don't like her. She's angry voodoo-doll chick.

"I use that word, and you're definitely sulky man. Is it the wedding shit?" Paul's been my friend forever. He's the one who knew us before and after Mom. Besides Derrick, no one else would even know to bring up the wedding pissing me off.

Well, except Ziah, I guess, but she doesn't know why.

Paul also knows I won't want to talk about it.

"I don't want to talk about the wedding."

He doesn't push it. We're cool like that and know when to go there and when not to.

"Chastity asked me about you at school today. She wants us all to go do something."

This is where I should be jumping at the opportunity to go out with another girl. To get my mind off Hanes, but I'm not sure I'm feeling it. It doesn't sound as cool as it usually does-which I chalk up to being tired and busy playing wedding planner.

"We'll see. Things are kind of crazy right now."

"That's cool. Derrick asked me to be in the wedding, too. I didn't see that one coming."

I glance at Paul and see him scratch his head. He has the huge-ass Paul smile on his face. He's stoked.

"You're like a brother to him. We've been making his life hell ever since we could walk."

Paul laughs and then my cell goes off, letting me know I got a text. Picking it up, I see Hanes flash across the screen. Damn it. I just stopped thinking about her.

Z: LORA JUST ABOUT EXPLODED BECAUSE I'M NOT IN THE MOOD FOR WEDDING STUFF. DID SHE AND DERRICK GET IN A FIGHT OR SOMETHING?

I smile, imagining Ziah blowing her sister off, and Lora taking it to mean it's the end of the world. Girls in love are a little psycho. Or at least the ones getting married are.

"You're smiling. Why are you smiling? Who is that?" Paul fires questions at me.

"I'm not smiling." Only I sort of am, but not because it's Ziah. It's psycho Lora.

After I pull into a parking spot, I text back.

D: HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO KNOW? WE'RE DOING TUXES. COME DOWN. I'M SURE SHE'LL BE HERE.

After I give her the address, I toss my phone down and get out of the car. Derrick is already inside when we get there. Pacing back and forth.

"You're late! What the hell, man."

"Ten minutes. Chill out. I had to pick Paul up. Geez, you're worse then Lora."

Derrick groans and plops down into a chair. The guy who works here is behind the counter, trying to look like he's not paying attention to us. Derrick ruffles his hair, obviously freaking out about something.

"Trouble in paradise?"

When he groans again, I start tripping out a little bit. I'm just giving him a hard time. The wedding is a mistake, but I also don't want anything to hurt my brother.

"What's up? You cool?" I sit down next to him. Paul takes the seat on the other side.

"Lora's all stressed out. She's not big on any of the places we picked out. She really wants this Vista place, but it's all booked. I don't see what the big deal is. I told her it didn't really matter where we did it, which was obviously the wrong thing to say. She took off and isn't answering her phone." He starts popping his knuckles, and I'm a little lost here.

"So you guys had a little argument. What's the big deal? That happens all the time, right?"

I mean, that should be normal. People fight and as long as it's not huge fights you get over it and move on.

"You don't get it. I don't want to be like Mom and Dad. The fighting and the taking off."

Huh? "What are you talking about? I don't remember Mom and Dad having any big fights, and what you're explaining sounds more like a disagreement than anything."

Derrick looks over at me. "You don't remember, D. I told you things weren't what you think with Mom and Dad."

And that's about enough of that. I'm definitely not in the mood to go there. Especially with Paul and the sewing guy here.

I push to my feet. "I'm sure it's fine. Let's get this over with."

***

"The ties are pink."

I can't believe my brother expects me to wear a pink tie. I don't ever remember him liking pink before. The suits are okay. They're kind of thin, which to me is weird since the wedding is in March. They're a khaki color, called summer suits or something like that.

"Mauve." Derrick stands in front of a mirror while the guy measures him. He's got a huge smile on his face like he's not setting us up in suits for the wrong season and pink ties.

"Then mauve is pink because the tie is definitely pink."

"It's mauve, you dumbass. It's not pink."

"Paul, tell him the tie is pink. I'm not wearing this."

Paul laughs. "I'm staying out of this one."

"Derrick." I walk over to him. "Seriously. Talk to her. You can't want pink ties."

The bell over the door rings. I look over to see Ziah walking toward us. I sort of suck in a breath and then realize that's stupid.

"You guys aren't wearing pink ties are you?" She laughs.

"Ha! I told you, man. My brother says they're mauve." I roll my eyes.

"Isn't mauve pink?"

I seriously consider asking her to marry me. Okay, not really. I'm not crazy, but I am pretty damn thankful.

"You guys are both being ridiculous. There's nothing wrong with mauve ties," Derrick tries to defend himself.

Obviously he's not going to do anything about this, so I plead my case to Ziah instead. "Can you talk to your sister about this?"

"No!" Derrick looks at Ziah. "Just let it go. She's having a hard time. You know how she gets. She worries about everything. I don't want to stress her out anymore."

I take a step back. I don't know what it is about what he just said, but things really start to sink in. How much he cares about this girl is finally getting slammed into my brain. He loves her so much he just wants to make things easy on her-even if it means wearing a pink tie or being freaked out over a little argument. When it comes down to it, he just wants to do what he can to take care of his girl.

I remember how cool it felt when I helped Ziah. Not that she's my girl or ever will be, but it still made me feel like something more because I somehow helped her. I suddenly don't want to make things harder on him. Not at this moment, at least.

"Nah, it's cool. I'm man enough to wear a pink tie. I'll rock it."

Derrick catches my eye over Ziah's, and I see him relax. He nods at me like he's saying thanks, and I nod back.

When the bell over the door rings a second time, I somehow know it's Lora.

She walks over to Derrick all slowly like she's unsure, but then he gives her a half-smile. Hers is triple the size of his, and she gives him a huge hug. They're whispering to each other. The suit guy huffs away, obviously pissed we're screwing up his schedule, and Paul, Hanes, and I just kind of stand and watch.

For the first time, I think I might actually be happy for him. Well, even though he's making a huge mistake.

Fourteen

~ Ziah ~

Lora picked me up from school, but I've been sort of zoned out on our drive into downtown. Apparently her body has gone too long without Voodoo Donuts, so we're in the colossally long line, halfway down the block waiting for some. I've seen it worse.

The picture of Derrick being able to make her feel better in about two seconds at the tailor shop still hits me. He's not a bad guy, it's just still weird.

"You okay?" she asks. "Anything different with Alyssa or James?"

"I finally told them both I wasn't ready to talk, and I'd tell them when I was."

"Been silent since then?" she asks.

"Yeah." But it didn't give me the relief I'd been hoping for. The whole blow-up happened a month ago, and maybe I should be ready to talk to them. But I'm just not.

"You're not keeping anything from me? No new developments or anything?"

I think about how part of me wishes they were still trying to talk to me and how another part of me wishes Dylan would want to do some non-talking with me, but I keep it to myself.

"You're so much like I used to be." Lora takes a long drink from her coffee.

"Why do I feel like you don't mean it as a compliment?"

"Sometimes it's okay to break rules, Ziah. Relax a little." She bumps her shoulder to mine.

I stare at my shoes on the sidewalk. "Lora. I was with the safest guy in the universe, and-"

"No, you weren't."

"What?"

"You weren't, or what happened wouldn't have happened. He seemed like the safest guy, but he wasn't. Not really. First impressions and outward appearances can be deceiving." She raises a brow, and I'm jealous again of my sister's ability to wear hats. The off-white knitted cap sits just right, making her look... well, like she could be marrying a Gibson boy.

I have no idea how to look this way.

"I guess."

"It's just sometimes good to be impulsive."

I roll my eyes. "Just because you found your true love in a game of truth or dare gone horribly awry doesn't mean it'll work for the rest of us. On top of which, being single is probably best, since I'm about to go to college and then to med school."

"Maybe." She shrugs. "I just don't want you to miss out on something really great because you're afraid to take chances, that's all."

"Noted." I suck down another swallow of coffee.

"Yeah. I have to get this location figured out, Ziah. If we don't get out invites soon, we might have to push the wedding back." She sighs and looks down at her boots.

I want to tell her she could have a smaller wedding, and that would solve the problem. But my guess is she doesn't want to hear that, and I'm not going to ruin our afternoon because I can't keep my mouth shut. We shuffle a few steps closer to the door.

"Has Dylan mentioned their mom?" Lora asks.

"No, why?" I figured that's one of those things you don't ask about, it just comes up. Dylan's pretty tight-lipped about the reality of his family.

"Just curious, that's all." Only now Lora looks distracted, and I wonder if there's something she's keeping from me.

***

"So, I gotta ask. What's your problem with their wedding?" I sit next to Dylan as Derrick and Lora wander through what feels like location one million. We're against the wall in a ballroom in some random hotel near the river.

The moment I mentioned how cool Lora looked in her hat, she took it as my little sister wants me to dress her. I'm in a hat, a dress coat, and a pair of Lora's boots. I'm not sure if it's me, but at least I fit in with the other three a little better. Well, and her boots are broken in and soft, so it's manageable.

Dylan sighs. "It would take a long time to explain, but part of it has to do with stuff he always told me when I was growing up."

"Ditto with Lora. School first. Career second. Boys third. Always." Seeing her with Derrick still feels...off.

"And how's that one working out for ya?" Dylan smirks.

"I thought good. You know, James and I were friends for a long time, so it felt safe." I know Dylan was trying to tease, but I'm feeling too low for that. A couple weeks in school without my two best friends has dragged me down.

"Are you hurt? I mean, is it more that you're angry, or more that you're hurt?" He shifts his weight. "With James, I mean."

"Are you trying to use your awesome powers to make me feel better again and need to know what approach to take?"

"Um...not exactly. Just. Curious." He's being so serious. Looking so...honestly concerned. Not like the cocky guy who helped me in part because of me and also probably in part to serve his ego.

Am I hurt? Is it awful to be without James? I think what's more awful is realizing how wholly humiliating the whole thing was.

"I've known James for a long time. We were friends before we kissed, and I wanted more of that. I deserved better than being lied to. So, more pissed than hurt."

Wow. More angry than hurt. Knowing how I feel actually makes me feel a bit better.

"Okay. That's good, right?" he asks.

"I guess."

"Have you talked to them much?"

"Only to get the basics." To satisfy my morbid curiosity.

"So, you and James... Everything seemed perfect, huh?" His voice sounds almost strained. Like's suddenly nervous or something.

"That's the thing. It was before your party." My face flushes red as I think about why it was different after, and I scoot away so our arms no longer touch. "I barely saw him over the summer, and then it was..." I can't believe I'm admitting out loud that we might have broken up even if it weren't for him and Alyssa. Maybe. "...not perfect. Like he was pushing too hard, and I guess it wasn't as easy to be around him as it used to be."

"But you and Alyssa have been close for a long time?"

My gut twists. "Yeah."

Dylan's not looking at me, just staring across the empty space. He pulls his knees up and rests his elbows there. "Might want to at least give her a chance to explain."

"And then I'll have to relive it all over again. I'm just not ready." I pick at my jeans for a minute.

Dylan's hand rubs across my back. "I get it. But don't wait too long, you know? It's like there's long enough to make 'em sweat a little, which is good. But too long, and it might be a lot harder to fix."

"So, you want me to fix things with James?" I'm totally fishing here, and my heart pounds as I wait for his answer. His hand is still on my back, and we're still sitting close.

"Hell, no." He laughs taking his arm back. "Let him suffer. But your girl? Talk. Bros before ho-Well, you know what I mean. Masta Dylan knows his shit, remember?"

"Yeah. Right." I chuckle. "That'll just be my mantra. Masta Dylan knows his shit." I try to mimic his low voice but totally fail, which makes him laugh, which makes me laugh.

"What the hell?" Derrick raises his arms as he steps in the vast room and sees Dylan and I in a pile on the floor. Laughing.

"Sorry. I gave her sugar." Lora pecks him on the cheek. "It makes her think she's funny."

***

I send Alyssa a text after school and wait on the porch to see if she'll come. I miss my friend, no matter what happened between us. I'm not sure that I want to forgive James yet. I guess I don't know if I'm ready to forgive her yet either, but I am ready to talk. And then I almost laugh out loud when I remember I'm here because of something Dylan thought I should do to feel better.

Like half of his personality points to jerk, and the other half points to something sort of remarkable and unexpected.

Alyssa pulls up to my house and has tears in her eyes before she hits the bottom step.

"Hey." I lean back in my chair, even though that's kind of the last thing I feel like I should be doing. It's like I want to project that I'm okay, even though I'm anything but now that she's here. It's like my insides are shaking apart. So weird. It's not supposed to be like this with Alyssa.

She sits in the chair next to me. "I'm so sorry, Ziah. There's like, no excuse in the world. I mean, anything I tell you will sound like I'm trying not to take responsibility, and all I want is for us to be friends again."

I nod, determined to keep calm. "It's like I lost both of you at once."

"I promise I will never, ever let a guy come between us again." She wipes a tear. "I never liked him. I was just wasted, and he was there."

It all still sucks, but I want my friend back more than I want to be mad.

We talk for hours. We talk about her and James and drinking. She tells me how horrible it was, how horrible she's felt. She tells me that James called her to ask if he could tell me, and she agreed. After a week went by, she couldn't bring herself to say anything, but it was keeping her up at night. She's never once felt that way about James and can't believe something like that even happened. She hasn't had a single drink since.

Some things she says make me more angry, and some things make me feel better. Another part of me knows we'll get past this, and I have things I need to share, too. It's still awkward, like we're both tip-toeing around a real conversation even though we're having this real conversation.

"How's Lora? Is she still here?" Alyssa asks.

"Taking a semester off college to plan a wedding and get married." I'm still half in disbelief that she's putting off college for any amount of time-even though she's majoring in art history. Seriously.

Alyssa's surprised expression is exactly what I expected. "I know, right? Lora taking time off school, but..."And I hate admitting this. "They're really good together."

Alyssa smiles, and we're not perfect. But I won't have to avoid her in school anymore. It's huge. And Dylan was right. It's not back to what it was, but it is better. Now James... I'm just not ready to go there yet. And then I wonder why Dylan didn't want me to talk to James, and part of me hopes he likes me enough to not want to see me with someone else. Wow.

Derrick's Mercedes screeches to a stop in front of the house, and Lora jumps out of the driver's side.

"Vista house got a cancellation!" She squeals. "Get ready, we're heading out!"

"What, now?" I just got home from school and just talked to Alyssa, and...

"Yes!" She runs up the stairs. "Now!"

Alyssa chuckles as Lora grabs my arm. Guess I'm heading up to Vista House.

Fifteen

~ Dylan ~

"Eight ball, corner pocket." I point to the far hole.

"Yeah, right." Paul does the fake cough-speak thing in the corner, but I ignore him same as Derrick.

This is a serious competition going on here. I never used to beat my brother in pool, just like I never used to get the best out of him when we fought. Times are changing because this time, he's going down.

We've always been competitive. It's our thing, and I can tell Derrick knows he's about to lose by the way he's studying the table. His phone rings.

"Ignore it," I tell him. "Hit silence. You're not distracting me from this shot."

Derrick takes a couple steps back from the table. "It's Lora."

I fight a groan. "And we're almost done, man. You can call her right back. No way am I letting you screw up this shot."

Derrick pushes the button on his phone, and I'm silently grateful. Eyeing the ball, I line up the shot and take it. The eight ball cleanly drops into the hole. Please don't scratch, please don't scratch.

The white ball bounces off the side and lands in the middle of the table. "Hell, yes!"

Paul walks over and gives me props. Derrick rolls his eyes, but he has a smile on his face. Yeah, that's right. I'm the man now.

"Good game, little brother."

I nod at him in reply just as his phone rings again.

"Hey, baby," he says. "Sorry. Dylan was kicking my ass at pool."

That makes me smile. My brother might have lost his mind, but he's still pretty cool. I sit on the table while Derrick talks to his girl. It's not long before he's hanging up.

"Lora and Ziah are on their way over. Lora's stoked because there was a cancellation at Vista House. She wants us all to go up there."

Damn. Wedding stuff again.

And Ziah. I'm still not sure why I'm thinking all these crazy thoughts about her.

"Come with us, Paul. You're in the wedding, but you've somehow escaped doing anything but the tuxes." It probably makes me a chicken shit, but I'm actually hoping for a buffer. I can't start losing my head if Paul's there.

"That cool?" he asks my brother.

"Absolutely."

Beep. Beep. Sounds from outside.

"Holy crap. That was no joke."

We grab our stuff and head upstairs. On the way, I grab my hoodie in case I need it. I have a long sleeve shirt on, but you never know with the weather here.

Lora's in the driver's seat of my brother's car, which is weird as hell, and Ziah's heading to the back when we get outside. Paul nudges me, his eyes brows raised as he cocks his head toward her. "I still can't believe it's the chick from your party."

"Shut up," I mumble. He also wouldn't believe it if he knew I actually don't hate being around her anymore. "Hanes, you have to sit in the middle. Last time I rode in the back with Paul, he kept trying to hold my hand."

"Whatever." He shoves me, but he's laughing, too.

Ziah's eyes catch mine, and she gives me a little smile. Seriously. Future sister-in-laws should not be this sexy.

"You're lucky I'm in a decent mood today, Dylan." Ziah gets in the backseat, and I squeeze in next to her. Paul barely closes his door, and Lora totally peels out in the driveway like she's a sixteen-year-old guy.

"I can't believe they got an opening." She sounds like a Disney Princess, and I'm pretty sure she's going to break into song at any second. "I've wanted to get married at Vista House since-"

"You were ten years-old," Ziah says. "You kept running up and down the staircase in the main window-filled room and singing that one day you'd be there in a wedding dress,"

See? I knew she was the Disney song type.

"Sigh..." she replies.

I don't get why girls do that. Why they say sigh. Why not just, I don't know, sigh?

Derrick gives her this sappy look that makes me want to wipe the drool from his mouth. Seriously. It's bizarre. I don't get love, and why it changes people so much.

I lean back just about over this convo, but when I do, my knee bumps against Ziah's. I'm about to move it, but she sucks in a little breath. That makes me keep it there. I mean, if she likes it, who am I to take it away?

It takes a couple seconds, but I feel her relax. I'm pretty sure she's going to move away, but I could swear her leg pushes a little closer to mine. Warmth rolls off her to me, and I'm seriously feeling... I don't even know what, but whatever it is, I choose to ignore it.

Lora and Derrick are going on and on about wedding stuff up front, and it makes me wonder how Ziah's doing with the whole James and Alyssa thing.

"You okay?" I ask quietly, hoping Paul doesn't hear. I catch his eye over Ziah's head and he sort of smiles at me before pulling out his iPod and sticking his earbuds in.

"I finally talked to Alyssa, so yeah. I mean, it's awkward but better."

"Told ya. Masta Dylan knows his shit." I give her a cocky grin and then see the stupid strand of hair fall into her face. I don't know what makes me do it, but I push it behind her ear.

She does another of those little gaspy-breaths, and it makes me start feeling all sorts of things I shouldn't for a whole list of reasons. She's a boyfriend kind of girl. She just got out of a relationship. I don't trust girls for anything other than a good time. Oh, and our siblings are getting married.

Before I can do something else stupid, I let my eyes find the window. Derrick and Lora are still talking, Paul's still listening to music, and I'm not letting myself say another word to Ziah right now. Still, I can't find it in myself to move my leg.

***

Lora and Derrick are on the main floor-a large, round room three stories high with marble floors and the staircase they were talking about in the car. It seriously looks like a castle, which is another Disney thing she has going on.

I wonder if Mom would have liked this place. For a second, I wonder why we never came here, and then I push those thoughts out of my head. I hate thinking about her, and I'm not in the mood to do it now.

"I gotta take a piss. I'll be right back," Paul says and then walks way.

"Wanna see the tunnels?" Ziah asks.

Call me crazy, but I didn't even know there were tunnels. "Sounds cool to me."

She leads me down the first flight of stairs and then another. The farther we go the more I'm thinking this might not have been a good idea. I definitely don't need to be alone with her with the way I've been feeling. Especially in dark tunnels.

A little bit of light filters in through the doorway we just came through, but there's just enough to make out some of her features in the dark.

"Isn't it cool," she whispers. Her voice is all husky and sexy, and she's standing way close to me. Damn, I want to kiss this girl. And then I stumble a little bit because I can't remember the last time I did kiss a girl. That has to be part of it, right?

"You okay? You're breathing heavy over there." She clips my hip with hers. I'm pretty sure I groan. Why did she have to do that?

"Eh, just losing my shit," I say and then regret it.

She grabs my hand and stops me. Or maybe I just stop because I like the way it feels. We're only about a foot away from each other, and she's looking up at me. I'm looking down at her.

Step back, step the f**k back, Gibson. But I've never really been that good at listening to myself.

"What's wrong?"

Wrong? When she's standing this close to me, and the blood is flooding through me like white water rapids, nothing is wrong. "Nothing."

And then the girl seriously shoves a knife into my gut by licking her lips. I want to lick them too. She looks like she's deep in thought. I can practically see the wheels turning in her brain and then she's leaning toward me. Holy shit. Hanes is leaning in for a kiss, and there is absolutely nothing that can stop me from meeting her halfway.

It doesn't even start out slow. My tongue slips between her lips, and hers meets it. It takes us a second to get our groove, like we're both too eager to taste each other.

Her arms come up around my neck, and-shit, when did mine wrap around her waist? All I know is I'm pulling her closer and feeling her everywhere. She stumbles as I back her up against the wall.

It's probably the most urgent kiss of my life. She's making these little sounds and pulling me closer, and I never would have expected that from her. One of her knees goes between my legs, and yeah, there's a lot going on down there. I press my h*ps into her, and she actually pulls my hair.

I let my lips trail down her neck, and my tongue traces her collarbone. She stiffens for a second but then totally melts against me.

"Dylan," she gasps, and it's a good gasp. But it also makes me freeze. This is the girl I might have wanted to go on a date with.

Dad pops into my head crying and yelling, and Derrick with red eyes is trying to get me to my bedroom. And Mom... where's Mom?

"Dylan?" This time, she's questioning, wondering what I'm doing, and the fact that I almost start to kiss her again tells me I really need to pull away. I can't do this. Not with her.

"I think we should stop." I ease away, but it's like torture.

"What?" More questions in her voice.

The shitty part is I can't tell this girl what I'm thinking. I haven't talked to any girl about Mom, and I don't plan to start now. But for the first time, I feel guilty about that-about hiding that part of me.

Has Derrick told Lora?

"I mean, it's probably smart, right? You just broke up with the idiot, and we're just starting to be friends or whatever. I think we should just be friends."

I'm still too close. Still breathing her in. Still remembering her body pinned between me and the wall. And that probably just sounded like the biggest line of all time.

Ten years later, she finally replies. Her voice is low but steady, and I can't stop wondering what she's thinking.

"Umm, yeah. You're right. I mean, like we'd be good together."

I almost open my mouth to ask her why not, but I don't. What's wrong with me? "Well, I'm pretty sure that just showed us we'd be good, but we're both smarter than this."

"Yeah. Right. Definitely." Ziah straightens her shirt, and I'm hoping there's some deflating going on before we get into the light.

Silently we head back the way we came. It feels like I'm walking the plank or something. I know, I know. That's sounds stupid, but it's true. When we're just about to the end I grab her hand real quick.

"You're okay?" She seems good, but her sister is marrying my brother. I don't want to create any drama or anything.

Ziah rolls her eyes. "No, Dylan. Your kissing is so incredible, I'm broken-hearted and ruined for all men in the future. I'm not sure I'm going to be able to go on without you."

She gives me her angry-girl smile, but something about it is a little different. Or maybe I'm just imagining things.

"Ha. Ha." See? We can do this. We can go back to normal.

Three sets of stairs later, we're back on the main floor.

"There you guys are!" Lora calls. Derrick and Paul are with her. "I've booked it! We're ready to go."

I look at Ziah again, but her eyes aren't anywhere near me. "I have to go to the bathroom." She's already walking away as she says it. "I'll meet you guys at the car."

As we head to the Mercedes, I notice Derrick hanging back. Fuck. Definitely not what I want to deal with right now.

"What's wrong with her? Don't tell me you f**ked with her, Dylan. I'll kick your ass if you screw with her." He has this angry face that I don't even ever get from Dad.

Nice. Love the faith my brother has in me. "What do you mean, what's wrong with her? She has to pee. Jesus, Derrick. Get engaged, and you turn all paranoid."

He nods, and I'm pretty sure he believes me. As he jogs to catch up with Lora, Paul cocks his head and raises one of his eyebrows at me. Yeah, didn't think I could get it past him.

"Don't ask man. Just do me a favor and ride in the middle, okay?"

He opens his mouth, and I can tell he's about to argue with me. "I said don't ask."

Shaking his head he says, "Whatever you say, D."

When Ziah comes out, Paul throws an arm around her neck. "Hey, I'm Paul. Have I seen you here before?"

Ziah doesn't even look at me as she opens her mouth and laughs wrapping her arm around his waist. I watch them as they walk to the car, and for the first time in my life, I feel like really punching my best friend

Sixteen

~ Ziah ~

I know it's petty, but Paul's flirtation is the perfect cure for Dylan's rejection. I laugh with him and play thumb war and grin like an idiot every time he makes a fake move-like yawning to put his arm over me. He even kissed me once on the cheek as a consolation prize when I lost three times in a row.

Our legs are pressed together because he's screwing around, but it's not like having Dylan's leg against mine. Not even close.

Dylan's silent, but I can't really see him because Paul's not a small guy, and the middle seat is up just a tad higher than the other two. Probably best.

I make it all the way home before I internalize what happened between me and Dylan. I'm able to say goodbye to everyone, and I make it up the steps of the porch and through the living room to the stairs and through the door of my room when the whole thing comes crashing down.

He probably kissed me because I was leaning up, and he didn't want me to feel stupid. Or maybe he kissed me because he's a guy and will kiss anyone. But then... I mean, wow. Never once in the year James and I were together have I ever felt that way. Like I finally get those movie scenes where they're tripping over everything on their way to get to the bed.

Oh.

But Dylan wants to be friends. So whatever I was feeling, he definitely wasn't. How much of an idiot does that make me? I'm not sure if I can handle continuing to be shoved aside like this. It hurts. It hurts like it shouldn't hurt, because I knew from the first moment I saw him that he was not the kind of guy I should get involved with.

Maybe I should be glad we're just friends. Only I'm not even sure if he wants that, because I can't imagine facing him again with that kiss between us. Everything just sucks.

***

"Ziah, please. This is ridiculous!" James is following me to my car.

My keys won't hold still for me to unlock the door.

"Ziah." His hand touches my shoulder, and I shrug him away.

I jerk open the driver's side door, throw in my backpack, but my resolve to drive away from him starts to fade. I turn to face him.

"I'm going crazy without you. Please, can't we just talk?" He's on the verge of tears.

I wonder how we got to the point where he's still crying over us, and I'm still just mad.

"Fine." Maybe it's time to get this over with. I glance around at the students flooding into the parking lot. "Climb in."

I sit in the driver's seat and contemplate driving away, but I don't. Instead, I clutch the keys in my hand more tightly. I watch him walk around the front of the car. He's so familiar. Familiar like family, comfortable like an old friend, and an a**hole just like every other guy who thinks it's okay to cheat on their girlfriend. What on Earth am I going to say to him?

He sits in the passenger's seat still smelling like formaldehyde from his last class. He has a free period and uses it to help Mr. Lester teach freshman biology instead of going home early. It's just the sort of nice thing James does that makes it hard to stay mad at him. But I still want to be mad at him, and that makes it easier.

Wow. Awkward silence.

"You're not acting like yourself, Ziah." He angles his body to see me.

Now that we're in this small space together, I wonder if it would have been better to stand outside. It's like I'm running out of air.

I just need to get something out, right? "You lied to me, James. And not just one lie, but when you were given the chance to come clean, you lied again."

"I didn't lie."

"Not admitting what went on is a lie! And so not what I expected from you." It's what I'd expect from someone like Dylan, right? Why does it all need to be so confusing?

He reaches out and takes my hand. I let him, but almost more because I'm curious. What does James feel like to me? Not like Dylan. Just...just like James, I guess.

"We're perfect together, Ziah. You know it. We want the same things. We like the same things. Sharing classes when you completely ignore me is like torture. I want to be the guy who makes you smile again. I've missed that. I've missed being around you."

Have I missed him? Parts, maybe. But for more than friendship? My feelings are too muddled to know.

"I don't know if I want to be around you anymore." But my heart hurts with him here. Do I still love James? Yeah, I guess I do, but only because love isn't something that just disappears. I still care, but like a friend. I don't want more, and maybe I haven't for a while, it was just that we had a routine of being together, and I didn't want to lose that.

James looks like I just kicked him. "I don't want there to be awkwardness. Not with us. If you can't do anything else right now, I understand. The space between us is killing me. You were my best friend and my girlfriend all in one gorgeous package. I go crazy when I think about how that one stupid night shouldn't have happened. How I'd trade anything to take it back. I've berated myself over and over for not going to your mom's restaurant."

James is all sincerity. Maybe I'm keeping myself mad at him because I just want to be mad.

"Then you shouldn't have lied about it." I shake my head. "There were too many times, and too many opportunities for you to say something."

His head falls forward, and I know James well enough to know he's once again struggling not to cry. My first pang of sympathy for how I've tortured him hits me hard. It's been weeks, and I haven't said a word to him.

"I don't think she knew who she was kissing, and even then, she kissed me in a way that you never had. Like she really, really wanted it. Me. Even though she didn't know who it was. I wanted that from you." He lets his eyes find mine.

I wanted that from him, too. But it just wasn't there. James and I just aren't supposed to be together that way.

"Could I take you out? Just once. Just to start over or something?" His hand squeezes mine, and it's funny because I totally forgot we were holding hands.

"Midterms are in a couple weeks. Maybe we could get together to study or something. But don't think this means you're forgiven, and I don't want to be anything more than friends." I keep my jaw tight, hoping he'll know I'm serious.

"Thanks, Ziah. You have no idea." He runs the back of his fingers down my cheek. I turn away, even though it's one of my favorite things he does. It just doesn't feel like it used to. And I still sort of want to be mad.

I take my hand back. "See you."

He grabs the door handle. "See you tomorrow." He pushes open the passenger's side door, and I pull in a long breath when it closes behind him.

If before James and I dated, I had been given the choice between him and Dylan, I would have chosen James in a second. He's the safe choice. Only he destroyed me, so like Lora said, looks are deceiving-he isn't the safe choice. But also, somewhere in our time together, I sort of lost the excited feeling of being with him. It doesn't let him off the hook for Alyssa, but it makes me wonder what he's fighting so hard to get back. And I really wish I knew how I felt about it. I also really wish I knew how Dylan felt about me, because after our kiss, I'm more confused than I've ever been.

***

For the past few days, Lora's been riding on this high of getting her location, and then I learn it's just for the ceremony. After dragging Dylan and I all over town, they've decided to use Mom's restaurant for the reception, and we're heading there tonight. My Friday night. A week after my Dylan-kiss, and I'm in NO hurry to see him again. At all.

I call Alyssa in a panic, and she rushes over to make sure I'm appropriately dressed to make an impression without looking like I'm trying. Of course, I have to explain everything about Dylan and our kiss and how I'm completely confused, and she's concerned and worried about me on the rebound. I try to assure her I'm not interested in getting involved with him. I'd simply like for him to be a little sad at what he turned down.

It's the first real thing she and I have done together, and it feels good. Better than good. Like we're talking and doing, and it's another step in getting us to where we should be.

I step out of the house in Alyssa's black coat, dark skinny jeans, black boots, a simple black tank with this loose-knit shrug sweater thing that Alyssa brought over. It's thin, so you can still see me underneath it, and the neck leaves a shoulder exposed. I feel over-dressed, but Alyssa laughs when I say that. So I guess I'm okay.

Now I just need to settle my nerves and get myself in the mindset to be totally normal around Dylan and not think about the kiss.

***

Mom's restaurant is nearly emptied out at close to eleven. Just the bar is still going, and the second I walk in, I see Dylan and think about the kiss. Not good. My knees get weak when I think about him pressed against me in the tunnel, and I'm the pathetic one who thinks there's more between us than there is.

Why, I want to ask him, Why? But then I remember that's exactly what James asked me.

I am pathetic.

I slide off my coat and hang it on the back of the chair, and Lora and Derrick are looking around the restaurant trying to figure out the best way to set it up. Mom has this half wall that looks almost like an outdoor fence, and the main area of the place is like three different levels-not an easy setup to work with.

My shoulders go up as I find room in my pockets for my hands and my shoulder slips out. I'm trying so hard not to look and see if Dylan's watching, but when I sneak a peek, his head jerks away. Guess we were both caught, and this is as awkward as I thought it would be.

"Can you two stand on that level?" Lora points behind me.

Great. Next they'll want us making out to make sure the lighting is right.

I take the step up, and Dylan steps up behind me.

"Hey," I say.

"Hey." He gives me this weird smile and glances over at my bare shoulder.

Just then Paul steps out of the doors to the kitchen with a huge bowl of macaroni and cheese with bacon piled on top. That definitely looks like a "custom-made" item.

He gives me a howl. "Lookin' hot tonight, Ziah."

"Hey, Paul." I wave and smile, a blush creeping up my cheeks.

"I would weigh five hundred pounds if your mom was my mom." He grins and shovels in a mouthful as he finds a place to sit.

Dylan crosses his arms, and I swear he's frowning. But I'm not looking close enough to really see.

Huh. He's looking at me, and he doesn't like that I'm flirting with Paul. A little part of me feels almost hopeful again. And then I know I need to crush it for all the same reasons I knew I shouldn't get involved with him in the first place making me wonder why I bothered to have Alyssa dress me up.

"Scoot to the left." Lora gestures.

I bump into Dylan, and he practically jumps away. Am I that bad?

"Dylan can take over. I need food." I walk away and sit down next to Paul.

"Got a bite for me?" I ask, needing to be away from Dylan and out of this situation.

Paul loads up his fork with as much food as he can, grinning the whole time.

I snort. "If you think that you can out-eat me, you've chosen the wrong girl."

"We'll see..." He holds out the fork. It takes a second, but I get the whole thing in my mouth. Only now I can barely breathe as I chew, and I'm trying not to laugh at Paul's wide-eyes.

"Are you kidding me?" Lora gives me a look. "I just need you and Dylan to stand in different places so we can check lighting and placement. Please."

"Thanks for the food." I smile at Paul as I move to where Lora's pointing, and then some sappy love song comes over the radio. Is that...Elvis?

"What is this?" Dylan and I say at the same time. It should be funny, and he should say jinx. But he doesn't because it's awkward, and suddenly I just want to go home.

"Our wedding song," Derrick says. "There's meaning. Keep your comments to yourself."

And then the song hits me. "I Can't Help Falling In Love With You," by freaking Elvis. I was right. There has to be a story behind that one. Because...just because.

I bite my tongue and wait for further instruction. Derrick's at the edge of the room next to the dimmer switches adjusting the lighting, while Lora points here and then there. Dylan and I stand where she wants us to. Or we sit where she wants us to.

I'm afraid to look at him, and we don't talk. This couldn't be more awkward if we tried.

Derrick's making notes on switches, and I can't look at Dylan. I don't even know how to talk to him anymore. And I feel like once again, I just lost a friend. But this time it's because I was the one who needed a kiss.

I'm such an idiot.

"Okay. I think we'll use the lowest part as the dance floor, right babe?" Lora looks over her shoulder.

"Sounds good."

"So, you two. Right here." Lora points to a spot in the middle of the floor.

We weave around a few tables to get there, and I look longingly over at Paul, who's finishing his mountain of macaroni and cheese. My favorite.

"Face one another for a sec." Lora backs up, but I don't know where to look.

I can smell him. It's so good. So good. All the parts of the kiss come back to me. The feeling that I'd never get enough. His mouth on mine. His h*ps (and other things) pressed against me, and his hands across my back.

Just...

My phone buzzes in my pocket. I jump, thankful for the distraction. My eyes catch Dylan's, and he's staring again.

He shouldn't be staring. He's turning me into a wreck.

ALYSSA: HOW'S IT GOING?

ME: AWKWARD

ALYSSA: U CAN USE ME AS EMER IF U WANT

"I gotta run." I shove the phone back in my pocket.

"What?" Lora and Dylan ask at almost the same time.

"Alyssa's got some kind of emergency, and we're just back on speaking terms. And I..." I'm really trying to look desperate.

"You should go then." Dylan looks more like himself than he has since before the kiss.

"Fine." Lora sighs. "I'm crashing at Derrick's anyway, so you can take the car."

"See you, Paul." I give him a wave and wish Alyssa's fake emergency wasn't so urgent, because I really want some food.

***

Now that the locations are settled on, Lora and I are at the flower shop putting together the final order. We've gone over the paper a million times for how many tables and bridesmaids and groomsmen and the large arrangements and center pieces and and and...

My eyes hurt. I'm about done.

"This is an insane amount of money to spend on flowers. You realize this, right?" The total on the bottom of the page is enough to buy a car.

Lora sighs. "I get that you don't approve of how extravagant everything is."

"I don't get it." I set my pen down and look at her.

"When he asked me, and I said yes, he said, 'We're going to have the biggest, most kickass wedding ever.' So it's not just me. Derrick wants a big thing, you know? He keeps saying, 'We're only doing this once, baby, let's make it good.' And that's what I'm trying to do. I admit it's a little thrilling to have such a big budget, but with it comes pressure."

"I get that." And for the first time, I do. I get it. And it makes me like Derrick a little more that he's into this, too.

She sits on the corner. "Okay. What's going on with you and Dylan?"

I stare at the page. "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Yes, you do. And it's not just you. Dylan was a big pile of mope all weekend."

I scoff but am a bit pleased. "Well, if he's moping, it's his own damn fault."

"Spill." Lora kicks off her shoes and slides onto the bed.

I know she's not going anywhere, so I tell her everything, about how I knew I should've stayed away, but I couldn't help how I felt. I tell her about the kiss and the friend thing, and how I know it's the smart choice. And that I like him more than I should. I have to blink back tears, probably because it's all too soon after James.

"You're not going to school tomorrow. We're going to do a girl day." Her smug face is on, and her arms are folded in front of her.

"What about the wedding?" I ask.

"Derrick can take care of it. He just needs to give the invites place a final signature on everything." She leans back with a smile, knowing she's going to get her way.

"I don't do girl days." I scowl.

"You do now."

And I know Lora well enough to know it's final

Seventeen

~ Dylan ~

It's been more than a week since I kissed Ziah, and I haven't heard jack from her the whole time. Oh, wait. Unless you count hanging out at her mom's restaurant where she ignored me and flirted with Paul. Which I don't care about. Seriously. I don't.

Why the hell she would want to flirt with Paul anyway is beyond me. I mean, he's my best friend and all, but he's not her type. He would drive her crazy, and she's definitely not the kind of girl he usually goes for. Although she looked damn hot. Was she showing off her shoulder on purpose, knowing I've thought about kissing her collarbone more than once?

Okay, so maybe I care a little, but that's just because it's not cool. Kiss me, flirt with Paul-even if he was the one doing most of the flirting.

Does she not know how hard it was for me to pull the plug on what we were doing? How much I wanted to touch her everywhere? How kissing her felt different than kissing any other girl, but I put a stop to things because I know it's not what's best for her. Or me.

I'm thinking I deserve a medal or something. I would have rather got run over by Mary than step away, but I did. Because I knew it was the smart thing.

Which means it's definitely a good thing I stopped. I enjoyed it way too much. I started to like her, and that freaks me out. Not a manly thing to admit, I know, but I can't imagine being broken the way Dad was. The way he is.

I can't stop thinking about how bad he lost it, and as cool as Lora is, there's a part of me who thinks she'll do the same thing to Derrick. What if he wakes up one day, and she's gone, leaving him feeling just as abandoned as Dad did-as I do.

No, thank you. I don't get why people set themselves up to risk that kind of disappointment.

The couch shifts when Paul bounces one cushion away from me. I'd totally forgot he was coming over. "You know I don't really like your girl, right? I'm just giving you shit."

My head whips around so I'm looking at him. "Ziah's not my girl."

Paul shakes his head, suddenly all mature and all knowing. "You've been weird. You okay?"

The thing is, I'm not okay, but nothing happened either. Actually, that's a lie. For the first time in my life, I kissed a girl I liked then made myself stop. Now I'm all screwed up about it. You know... just something tiny like that.

Paul's sitting next to me more serious than he usually is. He's waiting and quiet, which are two things he's usually not.

I lean back into the couch. I can't believe I'm going to do this, but I think I am. I have to talk to someone, and it's not like I can go to Derrick. He'll just warn me away from her, which is what I'm supposed to want.

"Have you ever been with a girl, and it was... different than it usually is?"

Paul's eyebrows rise. "We both know who you're talking about, man. Why don't we just say Ziah? And what do you mean, different?"

I ignore his comment about her name.

"I don't know. Just... different." As in I like her. This sucks. Like hugely. "And then it ended, and even though I'm the one who put the stop to it, I was mad it was over."

I can't even remember if I told him what it was.

"Okay, let me get this straight. You kissed Ziah-because I know you did that night. Freaked out and hit the breaks, but you really didn't want to. You're even more freaked out because you like her and don't know what to do about it? I guess it pissed you off that I flirted with her, too, which I did on purpose, by the way, because I could tell something was up. Now you're trippin' out because you realize how much you really like her, and you don't want to?"

Okay. Talk about different. "Yeah... I guess you can say that." Because he obviously said it better than I could.

"Alright, D," Paul stands up. "It's obvious you're into her, and that's not a bad thing, ya know? But before you do anything, you need to make sure you're serious. The last thing you want to do is hurt that girl. She's cool, and your brother's marrying into her family. Personally, I think it's cool. You should go for it, but I know you trip out because of your mom."

He's right. I like her. I like that she's grumpy half the time, and that she doesn't take my crap. I like that she's funny and smart. That she's freakin' gorgeous and likes good music. It's cool that we can talk, that we like the same movies. But that's friend stuff, right? Except for the gorgeous part. I also like that she's an amazing kisser. Like the way she nibbled my lip-that's definitely not friend stuff.

And then, I don't know why, but it makes me think of Mom. "Remember that one time when my mom brought us to the park for like five hours? She let us play as long as we wanted. Bought us ice cream. Wasn't all hovering like all the other moms were. We got to do whatever we wanted. She was always cool like that."

Paul squints at me as though he's trying to figure me out. How can he not remember this?

"Is that all you remember about that day?" he asks.

Now it's me who can't figure him out. "Well, yeah. That's what happened."

He stalls a minute before replying. "Yeah... yeah, I remember that day, but-"

"Holy shit. Thank God you guys are here." Derrick steps into the room. "I just got a phone call, and we've got a job to do."

***

Derrick's all stressed out on the way to the invitation place, and I'm not sure why. Or maybe he said why, but I didn't hear it because I can't stop thinking about my conversation with Paul, trying to remember that day at the park and wondering if there is something missing I don't remember.

How could there be? It's not like Paul could know my mom better than I do. I know she was awesome. She was an incredible mom until she was just gone.

"We're here to pick up the invitations for the Gibson wedding," Derrick tells the girl behind the counter when we get inside the shop. She's young-probably in her twenties and she's eying us all up and down, but I can't make myself get into it.

"Wonderful... Which of you is the lucky groom?" She starts to walk to a table, and we follow her.

Paul and I quickly point to Derrick as he sits in one of the chairs. "That's me."

"My name is Aubra. I was expecting your fiance. I must say, this is the first time I've seen the groom pick out the invitations on his own."

This catches my attention. Derrick has that deer in the headlights look, so I speak for him. "What do you mean, pick them out? Aren't we picking them up?"

"No. Lora made the appointment today to have them made up. We're putting a rush on it since the wedding isn't too far out. I understand you had some trouble with a venue?"

I fall in the chair next to Derrick. Paul takes the one on the other side, and we sit there probably looking like the biggest idiots in the world. But then I realize it's just a piece of paper. How hard can it be?

A cup rattles on the desk when Aubra drops a huge book onto it. "Do you know what you're looking for? We have linen finish, matte finish... Oh! Or silk laminate. There's recycled and unbleached or bleached. This handmade soft paper is really popular, but my favorite is this new wood grain texture. It's beautiful and masculine, depending on the theme of the wedding..."

Blah, blah. Blah, blah, blah blah. Is all I hear. No wonder Derrick is freaking. Who knew there were so many different kinds of paper?

"Derrick. Call your girl. She's going to kick our asses if we get this wrong." Lora's scary about this wedding. I can't believe she would send us to do this.

Derrick's dialing the phone. He's on it a few seconds before he hangs up and calls again. He calls three times before he leaves a message, telling her to call because we have no idea what we're doing.

"Dylan, try Ziah," he tells me.

Stupid as it sounds, my heart kicks up. I definitely can't say no to my brother, or he'll know something's up. So I call Ziah. Straight to voicemail.

"She's not answering."

"What was Lora thinking?" My brother's eyes are all wide. "Seriously. This is invitations. It's a big deal."

It's on the tip of my tongue to give him hell, but I can tell how important this is to him. He wants to get it right and do it for Lora. Gotta respect him for that.

"I'm guessing she's thinking she trusts you. That you can do this, and that she'll be happy with whatever you choose."

Really, I'm thinking we are so f**ked here and wondering if Lora took a ride on the crazy train by giving us this responsibility.

"You know Lora. Let's just try and think about what she likes. There's that walkthrough thing with the chandelier or whatever. I think it has branches or twigs or something on it." I have no idea what I'm saying. "So that's sort of rustic, right?" I look at Aubra. "Is that a theme?"

She's got a half-smile on her face. "Sounds like it."

"And the wedding is at Vista house!" Derrick adds. "Which is sort of like a castle with all the bricks and stuff." He starts fingering through the paper. "What about this?" he asks Aubra. I have no idea what kind of paper it is, but it looks like it fits.

"I think that will be nice. Have you thought about font?"

Font? Holy shit, weddings are a lot of work. I don't get why all this stuff matters. "Cursive?"

"There's like ten billion different fonts to choose from, Dylan. Even I know that," Paul laughs.

I ignore him. We seriously do go through about ten billion different lettering until Derrick finally decides on one. The invitations will be pretty cool. From one side of the paper branches come out across it. They're raised a little and remind me of some of the stuff I've seen Lora looking at.

Luckily he does know what they're supposed to say, and an hour later, we're heading out of the place. Now that the catastrophe is over, and I realize my brother's not going to have a nervous breakdown over a piece of paper, I can give him shit about it.

"I thought you were going to either piss your pants or pass out," I tease him.

"What was Lora thinking?" Paul says in a mock-girl voice.

"Screw you guys." He pushes us both, but Paul and I are still cracking up.

"Aww, were you scared you'd get in trouble? Poor Derrick." I trip as he grabs me and puts me in a headlock. It doesn't stop my laughing.

After he feels like he's kicked our asses enough, and we're all leaning against a wall to catch our breath, he says, "You guys give me shit, but I love her. I want things to be perfect for her. She deserves that, and the cool thing is she's the same way about me. Tease me if you want, but I'm lucky as hell. I have a girl who would do anything for me, and I would do the same for her."

None of us are laughing anymore. It's so crazy to hear my brother now-to see he's like... grown up? Gotten over all the shit that happened. Everything. Is that because of him or Lora? I don't know, but for the first time, I'm a little jealous of him. Me and Dad, neither of us are where Derrick is.

"Did you tell her?" My voice is quiet. It doesn't even bother me that Paul is here. Right now, I just need to know. "Did you tell her about Mom?"

Derrick puts his hand on my shoulder and squeezes. "I did. The second I knew she meant more to me than just fun, I told her. She deserved to know where I came from. Why I still freeze up once in a while or have a hard time sharing things with her or being as close as we should be."

This makes my head snap up. "You're not over it?" Then how is he doing this?

"Most of the time, but I don't know if you ever really get over the stuff that happens to you, D. It's a part of you, but I know Lora isn't Mom. I know it's not fair to hold what Mom did against her."

But how? That's what I don't get. How he does it or how he can have that faith in her. I don't think Dad ever thought Mom would bail.

And then I think about Ziah, too. She has no idea why I pulled the plug the other day. She's just had her boyfriend cheat on her... what if she thinks I'm like that too? That I'm rejecting her the way her douche of an ex did.

Regardless of our relationship, I care about her. Does that mean she deserves to know too?

"Dylan, I really need to talk to you about Mom. There's something you need to know."

I look up to see Paul's walked away. He's standing by the cars.

"I don't want to talk about her."

"We need to."

Right now, I can't stop thinking about Ziah even though I don't get why. "Like you said, it's in the past."

He squeezes my shoulder again. "Not if you don't leave it there. Plus... I need to tell you-"

"Later, okay?" I step away from him. "I gotta go. I need to talk to Ziah."

"Hey!" He yells when I get to Mary. "You came through for me today. Way to man-up."

I nod at him in reply, and Paul walks over to Derrick, who without my having to say it, will bring him home.

***

I'm nervous as hell when I knock on her door. I clutch a bag in my right hand, still not able to believe I stopped at the store on my way here. It's as good an excuse as any, though. I've seriously driven by her house like fifty times waiting for her to get home from whatever she did with Lora and then for Lora to leave again.

I'm about to knock again, when the door pulls open. Ziah's standing there with her hair loose around her head in a tank top and flannel pajama bottoms.

"Dylan, hey. What's up?"

Holding the bag out to her, I say, "I got you something. Can I come in?"

She pulls the door open for me and closes it when I step inside. It looks like her hands shake a little when she opens the bag. "A white T-shirt?"

I shrug. "Yeah, I figured I owed you one since I ruined yours the night of the party."

Her eyes crinkle when she looks at me. "Wow. Thanks."

"It's a real good one. The fabric is nice and thick." Nice and thick? What is wrong with me?

Needing something to do, I walk in and lean against the couch. She comes over and stands in front of me. "What's going on, Dylan? Why are you here?"

One look at her, and all I can think is I want this girl. I want her so bad it scares the crap out of me. I'm not used to wanting something like this-giving someone that kind of power over me. That's the scariest part of this.

Before I can wuss out, I start to talk. "I wouldn't be good at the whole boyfriend thing, Ziah. My dad's yard got sprayed with vomit I was so upset about the wedding. Can you imagine how much I'd screw up if it was about me?"

Even to me, it sounds like a lame excuse.

She shakes her head at me. "No offense, Dylan, but that's a lame excuse. And I don't remember asking you to be my boyfriend."

My eyes find her brown carpet, knowing I'm going to have to tell her something that my best friend only knows because he's close with my family. Something that makes my insides feel like they're rotting out just to talk about.

"My mom's gone. I mean, of course my mom's gone. You know my mom isn't around, but she left us. Left me, Derrick, and my Dad."

I suck in a breath, suddenly wishing I was back in Dad's yard so I could puke again. My gut feels like it's being ground apart. Slowly, Ziah walks over and leans next to me. It shocks me because the only time we've been this close is when I mauled her in the tunnels.

"I'm sorry. I didn't know..."

"Yeah, it's not usually something I offer up freely."

"You don't have to tell me if you don't want to." Her voice is soft, barley above a whisper.

"I want to."

She raises her eyebrows at me.

"Okay, I don't want to, but I need to. You deserve to know why I pulled away and stuff."

My ear suddenly itches. Or maybe it doesn't, but I need to scratch it just to do something. This is harder than I thought.

"Even when I was a kid, I knew how lucky I was. I mean, I had the huge house, a cool dad, and the kind of mom who would bring me and my best friend to the park for five hours. She was always doing stuff with us, for us. It was perfect."

Is that all you remember about that day? Isn't that what Paul had asked me? A little flash of Mom driving home with red eyes pops into my head. It wasn't the first time I'd seen her cry, but that's normal, right?

Another picture, seeing her argue with someone in the park. One of the other kid's dads. What happened?

"Sounds nice." Ziah's voice pulls me back to the moment.

It was nice. I think she actually caught me sneaking up to watch a movie with her that night. She'd had a pallet on the floor in the living room and let me sleep there with her.

"It's only Paul's mom around his house, and she pretty much works as much as my dad does now. He was always at my house because we had everything. My parents always treated him like another kid, too."

I'm rambling. How lame is that? I'm not usually a rambler. I feel like such a p**sy, but when she squeezes my hand, some of the tension in my chest lightens.

"She spoiled me, ya know. That's why I'm used to getting my way. I could get away with anything."

Not toward the end, though. She'd been so mad. So mad and then nothing. Am I just making this up? Our life was good. Perfect.

"So yeah, one day I had the perfect life, the next, Mom was gone. Dad was all screwed up. Derrick wouldn't come out of his room. I had no clue. No f**king clue what was going on. Dad tried to pull it together for me, but he couldn't. I've never felt as alone... as abandoned as I did then. I had no one."

Tears, tears start to sting my eyes. I wipe them before they can fall. "I get it. I was too young, Dad was too messed up, but I was scared."

I close my eyes, hoping to make it go away with the darkness, hoping we'll magically be in that tunnel again making out instead of me crying like a baby. I try to back away. She won't let me get away with it, though. Not Ziah. She's in front of me, standing between my legs. I can't help but open my eyes to see her.

"Derrick actually came around first. He manned up like he always does and took care of me. Told me Mom was gone and we didn't need her. That we'd be better off without her. Without any girls. We were so young and dumb making that lame pact, but we stuck to it because we didn't want to be ruined like Dad was.

"Soon, Dad came around, too. He tried. We're still lucky, ya know? He loves us. His Gibson boys."

Ziah's quiet for a minute and then finally speaks. "I didn't know. Lora never told me... God, I'm so sorry, Dylan. That had to have been so hard. Do you know where she is?"

How is it I'm not more wrecked than I am? How is it that being by her kind of makes it okay?

"Hell no, and good riddance. I don't ever want to see her again." We don't need her. How many times has Derrick said that to me? We're all fine without her.

Ziah steps close to me. I feel her everywhere, inside and out, and there's a part of me that wants to soak in it. But I can't.

"That's why I was so pissed at Derrick about the wedding. I know it sounds stupid, but we promised. He went back on that. I guess, I kind of get it, but," I shrug. "I don't want to lose him, too."

She runs her hand through my hair, and it feels so good. "Dylan, you're not going to lose him. He's your brother."

But my mom was my mom, and she ran away from us. As much as I hate it, I stand up. Ziah backs away from me. The words sound all wrong in my head, like they don't fit or something, but I make myself say them anyway. I have to.

"So yeah, that's why I don't do the relationship thing. I don't ever want to be like my dad was. And I know you're the relationship kind of girl. I don't want screw up our friendship."

"So you're just going to be alone forever?"

I don't answer her question. That's when I know I have to go. "Listen, I gotta run. I just wanted you to know. It's not you. It's me. And that's really not a line, I swear."

I should turn and walk away, but I don't. Her eyes are all big and watery. She's biting her lip, and I know she doesn't want me to go. I can't believe I'm going to admit this, but I have to.

"I like you, but..." I hold out my hand. "Friends?" I ask. "We can still hang out. Designated wedding planners and all. I have fun with you, Hanes."

I try for light and know I'm not pulling it off. I see her chest rise and fall as she takes a deep breath. Gently she shakes her head, steps forward and holds out her hand.

"Friends."

Eighteen

~ Ziah ~

I'm wondering as I watch Dylan drive away how pathetic I am for wishing he'd have given me a hug. I want to scream, it's so infuriating, but at the same time, I get it. He's such a bad idea for me that I should be glad, but I also feel enough around him to know that it still sucks.

***

"So." Lora bursts into my room. "The girls are coming in this weekend for some girl time and final dress fittings."

"Okay. When does this start?"

"Now!" Karissa and Mardie burst in behind her.

"And," Mardie jumps onto my bed, sending her short, black hair flying. It's a little crazy since I've only met her once, but she's like a ball of Asian crazy-fury. "I got you a fake ID so you can come out with us tonight."

I stare at Lora with wide eyes.

Lora shrugs. "It's Saturday afternoon. I want NO talking about homework or anything but fun."

"Come on, Ziah." Karissa gives me a big smile. Her hair's red now, and I actually can't remember what color it was last time I saw her.

I stand up off my bed, and set my American government text down.

"Now we need to dress you." Karissa stands in front of my closet frowning.

"Um... If we're just going to try on dresses, how does it matter what I wear?" I ask.

The two friends both freeze and stare at me. Lora laughs.

"Don't worry, Ziah. You'll get used to them. Best to just nod and smile." Lora's grinning and relaxed. Probably just glad not to be the only object of their attention.

Mardie turns to Karissa. "I think Ziah needs that blue halter top of yours."

"Oh!" Karissa's eyes widen. "Yes, and find some skinny jeans."

I stand in my room in a daze, and by the time they're all done primping, there's no spot of carpet visible on my floor, and I don't feel like myself. But I do think I might pass for twenty-one. I'm under this makeup somewhere, I'm just not sure where.

***

All of us are in our dresses, and standing together, I finally get it. Lora's dress is that slim sheath of antiqued lace that drifts out around her-gorgeous doesn't even begin to describe it. Me, Mardie, and Karissa are all in the same simple black heels, and our dresses are all very different but go together. Mine's totally the best, and Lora even had them add some sheer lace to the top so I don't feel too nak*d.

All the sewing is done, and they just marked Karissa's for her lack of chest.

"So not fair." Mardie shakes her head at me. "You and your sister have the same tall, lithe body. I'm stuck forever as 'cute.'"

Karissa laughs. She's not quite as tall as Lora and I, but she's thin, almost too thin. Almost no boobs, and her red hair isn't as shockingly red now that it's pulled up. But it's still shockingly red.

"Wow," Mom says as she sits watching. "You girls all look so beautiful."

Lora's beaming. "I'm getting married. Like really, seriously, getting married."

We stand in this awkward group hug of girlie elbows and perfumes and overdone hair.

"Let's go get wasted." Karissa laughs as she jogs in the shoes back to her dressing room.

"Ziah." Mom gives me her stern look, and instead of being embarrassed, I walk carefully toward her in my stilt shoes while the girls head the other way.

I'm definitely going to need some practice time in these heels.

"I have no idea what these girls have planned, but here's my credit card. If you need a cab home, just do it, okay?" She slides me her card.

"Okay. Thanks, Mom." I have no idea what we're up to tonight, but I'm not going to be the one who goes home early.

I'm done with James, there's no Dylan, and I look like... Well, old enough to have some fun.

***

I'm floating. And laughing. And I've been hit on so many times, my ego's probably almost as big as Dylan's.

"The boys will be here any second." Lora raises her glass before her and her two friends down another shot.

I'm drinking a margarita, and it's amazing. I'm not sure how many I've had, but we've been here a long time. My lips are totally numb, so I'm thinking a way lot.

I knew Lora's friends were fun, but I had no idea they were so hysterical. I'm laughing harder than I remember laughing in forever.

Derrick runs up behind Lora and grabs her around the waist. She screams but turns and falls into his arms.

"Wow. You got a head start." He chuckles as she pulls away.

"You can't keep up with me when we start at the same time." She kisses his cheek. "I figure we're even."

Derrick laughs and some blond guy that must be a friend of his from out of town slaps him on the back, and in moments, Blondie and Karissa are dancing on the small corner of the bar that's a sort-of dance floor.

And there's Dylan. Who is staring. And I'm not afraid of him at all anymore. At all. Way at all. This is brilliant. He walks around the table, I'm assuming to say hi to me because we've been talking a bit since his whole big admission on why he's such a chicken shit about relationships.

I giggle a little. Chicken shit. And when I stand up to greet him, the room tilts at such a crazy angle that I end up in his arms. My face is plastered against his hard, delicious smelling chest, and he's holding me up.

"Hi." He has this funny little smug smile.

I frown as I stand and find my feet again, staying way too close. "You're not twenty-one. How did you get in?"

"My dad's business partner owns the place." Dylan still looks smug. "How did you get in?"

I ignore his question. "Do you think I look pretty?"

I'm only half aware this is something I'd never, ever, in a million years say. I even spin around so he can see my super-tight jeans and Karissa's blue halter top, which might be a size too small, and my hair, which is in a perfectly messy pile on my head, leaving my neck exposed and my back bare.

"Of course you do." His eyes dart around before he does his ear-scratchy thing.

"Wanna dance?" I reach out my hand.

"I...uh..."

"I'll dance with you," some guy says from behind me.

When I turn to face him, he's pretty cute. Too old for me, but what the hell. One dance.

"Perfect." I reach my arm up and slide it over his shoulder as his hands slide around the lowest part of my waist.

"I don't think so." Lora grabs my arm.

The guy looks between us twice and backs away.

"Ziah." She puts a hand on either shoulder and looks at me way too closely. "How much have you had to drink?"

Her face is so scowly and hilarious. I start to giggle again. Derrick's smirking behind her, and Mardie starts to duck away.

"Oh, no you don't." Lora turns to Mardie. "How many of these things has she had?"

Mardie shrugs. "I dunno. You were here, too."

"But Mardie was sneaking them in." I giggle again.

"Thank you." Mardie's eyes widen at me, which brings Lora's attention to her and off me.

"It's one thing to let her come, but she's plastered." Lora sighs.

I tug on my bottom lip, pulling it away from my face wondering if I can see it because it feels funny.

Mardie leans toward Lora. "We were curious, you know? You can drink like a fish and just keep on moving, but Ziah..."

"Can't." Lora puts her arm around me. "We should get you home."

"I just got here." Derrick slides his arm around her waist.

I get all warm and fuzzy again seeing them close together. I touch them both on the cheek and push their faces a little closer together. "You two are soooo beautiful. Your children will be almost as gorgeous as me."

And then I lose it laughing until Lora catches me because drunk and stilts don't go together. Maybe tonight wasn't a good night to practice in the heels.

"At least you're a happy drunk." Lora rubs her hand on my back a little. "Geez, Ziah. Really."

I start to talk, but I'm still laughing too hard. Giggles tickle my body making me laugh more, and the room is like the best roller coaster ride ever.

"Come on, Hanes." Dylan's arm slides around my waist. "I'll get you home."

"Why do you have to smell so delicious?" I frown.

"Hygiene. And I thought that was a good thing." He turns to see me, but it puts our faces close together, and I lose my head a little.

"Not when it gives me these happy tinglings way down here." I tickle Dylan just under his belt, and he half-jumps away, which makes me stumble.

"Oh-kay." Derrick slaps his brother on the back and leans in close.

I strain my ears.

"Lora told me about the kiss. No touching. I'm serious." Derrick's practically growling, which is hilarious.

Dylan knocks his brother's arm off him. "Give me some credit, will ya?"

"Sorry." Derrick pats his back before stepping back.

"If Mom and Dad are up, just blame me. I'll deal with it tomorrow." Lora gives me a kiss on my cheek.

I'm still floating as Dylan leads me to his car. Maybe I should be mad I have to leave, but this night is too fun for me to care.

***

Mary's so wide that there's this enormous space between us. "I'm too far away from you." I pout. At least I think I'm pouting. I'm not sure I've ever tried it before. I feel invincible. Like I could fly away. Like I could say anything.

"For what?" He readjusts his hands on the steering wheel and stares straight out at the road.

"To mess with you while you drive. Mary's too big." I lean toward him smiling, but his eyes are focused on the street.

"Don't be mean to Mary just because you're drunk, okay?"

"I'm not that drunk." I don't think. I've never had more than one beer, or one glass of wine. Ever.

"Really?" He cocks a brow and finally turns to smile at me.

"Bet I'm not too drunk to kiss you."

Dylan goes rigid again.

Just for fun, I decide to press him further and reach across the car, putting my hand high on the inside of his thigh.

We swerve, Dylan curses and pushes my hand away.

"Did I distract you?" I tease as I poke his cheek.

"Always," he mutters.

It was worth leaving the bar just for this.

Nineteen

~ Dylan ~

I deserve sainthood. Really. Or knighthood. Or something. Ziah's plastered to my side as I lead her up the front steps of her house. Her arms are circled around me, and my hand is on her waist. God, she was gorgeous tonight in her tight pants and the blue top. I'm pretty sure she did it just to drive me crazy.

When Derrick told me his friend from college was coming down for a final fitting, I'd been stoked. Not because of them, but because of the girl in my arms right now. I knew I'd get to see her, too.

Her coat's on now, but before... It was almost more than the dress. She's managed to walk that perfect line between sexy as hell but still Ziah, and it about killed me not to be able to touch her bare shoulder or her back.

Well, we're touching now, but it's different. This is because she needs my help, not just because we want to explore each other. It's strange because this is good, too. Probably too good. I've never had so much fun helping someone before.

"You got a key, Hanes?" I ask.

"Nope."

Shit. Now what? I'm afraid to try the doorbell. I'd much rather just drop her off than risk her parents catching us. Good thing Margarita smells good, but the alcohol still takes over. Not that her glassy eyes wouldn't be enough to tip anybody off.

"It'll be unlocked." She sort of points in the direction of the door.

Weird. My house has a gate code, an alarm, and two locks.

We stumble through the door, and all I'm trying to do is be quiet. Ziah doesn't seem worried about it at all, letting the screen door slap shut and dropping her coat on the floor.

"Ziah, shh." But I'm distracted again by her top-what there is of it anyway.

She turns, so her front is pressed against me. Her arms are around my neck. "What will you do to me?"

The list of things I want to do to her is getting longer every second. I shove my hands in my back pockets, so I'm not tempted to do anything stupid.

"You're home. I gotta run." This girl is killing me. I wonder if she knows how much I really like her. She should. I wouldn't have told anyone what I said to her about my mom.

Her body presses into me farther. "Will you help me upstairs?"

I know I should say no. I mean, that's like the first rule when you're in my position and have no plans to hook up. But I don't. Instead I put my arm around her again and lead her upstairs.

Luckily, her door is quiet when we open it. Her room is a mess, which I would not have expected from Ziah. There are books on a shelf, but some are lying down and some upright. Her desk is full of papers and there is an overflowing clothes basket in the corner. She's full of contradictions, and I like that about her.

"Okay. You're here. You gotta let me go." Not only do I need to get away from her, but her parents are probably down the hall. The last thing I need is them walking in on us right now.

"As soon as you give me a kiss."

Wow... Drunk Ziah has balls. I groan. "Ziah, no..."

She closes her eyes and tilts her head away from me, pointing to this soft spot on her neck, just below her ear. "Right here, and then I promise to let you go."

Sainthood. Seriously.

I'm having another one of those moments when I feel myself doing what I know I shouldn't do. My lips touch her skin, and it hits me just like it did in that tunnel. My whole body reacts. Wants more while at the same time, it already feels like more.

Her arms are still around my neck and she pushes in closer. So close that our faces almost touch. My hands rest low on her waist.

"That wasn't so hard, right?" She's breathless and staring at my lips.

"Not so hard." I swallow. If she wasn't drunk, I'd probably really screw up the friendship thing right now. My thumbs are tracing the skin along the top of her jeans. God. I have to stop.

"'Night, Hanes." I drop my arms.

She frowns. "Night."

I can't believe that didn't wake her parents. And I have to get home before I do something really stupid, like walk back up the stairs and kiss her again.

***

I haven't stopped thinking about Ziah since Saturday. About how she smelled and how she looked and what her room looked like. The little mole I saw behind her ear when I kissed her, and how she'd curled her feet up on Mary's seat and it didn't even bother me.

And crap... what I told her. I still can't believe it. Derrick keeps trying to bring up Mom, and I won't let him. I swear he looks relieved every time I skip out on the conversation. I don't get why he keeps trying to talk to me about her if he obviously doesn't want to go there.

At lunch Becky and Chastity ask if they can ride with Paul and I. We climb into the Hummer and hit up Taco Bell. Lunch off-campus is only for seniors, so we make sure to hang out the window and talk crap to the lowerclassmen as we tear out of the parking lot.

After ordering, we sit in the lot to eat. As soon as the food is consumed, Becky and Paul's lips are locked as he leans her into the side of Mary.

"Dude, quit getting busy on my car," I call to him. Without taking his lips off Becky, he flips me off. Laughing at him, I climb into the driver seat to listen to some music before we have to go back. Less than thirty seconds later, Chastity is climbing in the passenger's seat.

"Wha'cha doing?" she asks.

"Trying to keep my lunch in my stomach, which wouldn't be a problem if I didn't have to watch the two of them swap spit." I push buttons on the CD player, trying to find the song I want.

"So....what ya been up to?"

"Nothing, you?" I'm still fooling with the dial.

Chastity crosses her legs, and turns toward me a little. Finally! I find the song and lean back in my seat.

"Nothing new... What's this?" she picks up my sketchbook.

"Don't look at that!" I grab it from her. "Sorry, it's nothing."

I tuck it under my seat and try to focus on the music again. My eyes close, and damn if I don't think about Ziah again. And Derrick and Lora. The way he holds her and looks at her.

When I feel a hand on my thigh, I jump.

"Dylan?"

"Yeah?" I don't open my eyes.

"Dylan." She says a little more urgently this time. "I was thinking maybe we could hang out tonight?"

My eyes open now. I should say yes. There's a part of me that kind of wants to say yes, but the word doesn't come out of my mouth. I told Ziah we were only friends, but it still doesn't feel right.

"I thought you and Ted were together?"

She shakes her head, looking a little sad. "No. We broke up again."

And so she comes to me, which I guess I knew she would all along. Chastity comes to me for fun, but she's really into someone else. It never bothered me before because, well, I only want fun, too, but now it feels weird. I'm just not feelin' it like I used to.

"I don't think so, Chas. I'm just looking to chill right now. Got a lot going on with my family and stuff."

She pulls her hand away, not looking hurt, but maybe a little annoyed.

"It's just... I have a lot on my plate. I'm trying not to add anything more." By the look on her face, I'm pretty sure that just came out all wrong. "Not that you'd be 'on my plate' but you know what I mean." Hopefully, because I sure don't. All this girl wants is to have a good time with me. It makes no sense for me to say no to that.

"You and Ted will get back together in no time."

"I hope so..." She mumbles, and for the first time, I wonder if there is more to Chastity than I thought.

"We can all hang out, though. I'm just not into hanging out, hanging out."

"You have it really bad for someone, don't you?"

I scoff at that, but it makes me a little uncomfortable too. "No."

She laughs at me. "Whatever, Dylan. I swear, I will never understand boys."

"Yeah, me either." I don't understand myself or the opposite sex. I'm wondering if there's anything I really do know.

***

It's decided that I'm skipping school on Tuesday, and we're doing something for fun before Derrick and Lora's friends go back to Boulder. It's not like I'm going to argue with skipping school, but I have to admit I'm pretty sketched out about seeing Ziah.

This girl is turning me into knots. I'm tripping out on what it's going to be like just to hang out with her after I bared my friggin' soul, and then she got drunk and asked me to kiss her. Totally not a friend thing to do, so can we still just be friends? I'm hoping so because I like hanging out with her way more than I thought I would.

Ziah's face gets all scrunched up as I step up and say hi at the beginning of the paintball course. I'm stoked this is what they chose for us to do.

"What's with you?" I ask as I nudge her with my elbow.

"Just..." Her cheeks pink and then red. "The other night. When you dropped me off... I just..."

Oh. She's totally nervous about the other night. That kind of makes me feel better since I was too. I laugh. "No worries, Hanes. Happens to the best of us. How was your hangover?"

"Hangover makes it sound like it takes less than a day to wear off. And it definitely didn't." She shakes her head, obviously still embarrassed about the whole thing. "No more drinking for Ziah."

"Well, if you ever decide to drink again, stick with me. You gotta find the happy buzz, and-"

"Alright!" Derrick interrupts. "We're breaking up into boy/girl teams."

"I call Lora!" I raise my hand to give my brother crap. It's not like he's letting Lora on any team but his.

"Haha. When did you turn into a comedian?" He puts his arm around her.

I grab Ziah and pull her to my side. We're supposed to be friends, so that's what I'm doing. "That's okay. Ziah's tougher anyway."

Derrick just rolls his eyes. Paul pairs up with Mardie and Sam with Karissa. Ziah's wearing camo, which is pretty freaking cool, and as soon as Derrick says go, each group of two takes off into a different area of the course.

"Come on." I'm holding her hand as we run. We take up behind a big wall, both of us panting hard.

"Karissa was scared to death to do this. I say we go for them first," Ziah tells me.

"Good looking out." There's a hole in the wall, so I look through it. "They're by the tree on the left. Wanna go for it?"

"Absolutely."

We make a run for it, and then hide behind another wall. I point, and she immediately catches what I'm saying. We each head around different sides to close in on Karissa and Sam. Ten seconds later, we take them out. Karissa screams like crazy, but looks way too happy about being done.

"If I know Paul, he's coming for us."

Ziah smiles. "We got this."

When Paul jumps out from behind a mock-building, I shoot him. Ziah's aim is awesome, and she gets Mardie.

"Hell, yeah!" I hold up my hand, and she gives me five.

Right then Derrick jumps out. I shoot at him and miss. He takes off again, hiding.

"I think Lora went first," Ziah tells me.

"Attack or retreat?"

She raises her eyebrows, and I don't need her to reply. "Attack," we say at the same time. And we do. It takes a lot longer to get Lora and Derrick than it did the others, but eventually we take them out, too.

When they both have red pain splattered across their chests, I collapse to the ground. Ziah is right next to me. We're both breathing hard.

"That was awesome." As soon as the words clear her mouth she starts laughing.

I can't help but laugh, too. I don't let myself question why I told Chastity no or what's going on. It's not about how hot she is or how good it feels to kiss her. She's just cool as hell, and I like hanging out with her.

***

I am so lame. Seriously, I would make fun of myself if it didn't make me even lamer.

I knew I liked Ziah. That I enjoyed kissing her, and that I told Chastity no probably because of Ziah. But somehow, just laughing with her on the paintball course, and how well we work together is the last straw that makes me know I'm in over my head.

I can't stop thinking about her, and I both want to stop and don't at the same time. I'm not sure when I turned into that guy-the one who's scared to move forward, but doesn't want to back up either.

It sucks.

Derrick trusts Lora, but it's like a roadblock I can't get past. I've tried. And Dad can't either, which is why I'm sitting outside his building like an idiot.

It's one of my favorite places to come and draw. The noise of the city somehow settles me. On any given day, I have my choice of a million different pictures to capture. They're never the same, except his building. The constant in the ever-changing picture of the city.

Putting pencil to paper, I start with the outline of the structure in front of me. The windows, the glass. I know exactly which one is Dad's office, where I'm sure he's working like crazy, even more distracted than usual. But at least I feel close to him here. This place is my dad.

Soon the building has eyes, familiar eyes. And a smile and hair. Like I said, totally lame.

"Dyl, what are you doing here?" I turn to see my dad walking across the grass toward me.

It's actually a sunny day. He looks tired, or maybe a little nervous to see me. He's been out even more than usual lately.

"Nothing. Thought I'd see what you're up to." I close my sketch book.

"Just working. Thought I'd take a little break and saw you out here." He rubs the back of his neck.

I don't reply. I'm not sure how. Something is off... different. He fills in my silence.

"I've been meaning to ask you, are you okay with everything? Derrick, the wedding? I know... I know you took it hard. Derrick's a smart kid, though."

And this is my opening. If I can take it. "What if he's not?"

Dad sighs, looking at the ground, a tree, anything but me.

"I really screwed up with you, didn't I, son? Because your mother... that doesn't mean it will go the same for Derrick. That doesn't mean you boys shouldn't live your lives. That you shouldn't ever take that step. All relationships don't end the way mine and your mom's did."

Then I'm rubbing my neck, too. "Why don't you live your life, then? Why didn't you ever move on?"

Do you still believe in love? Is it worth the risk?

Whoa. Love? That came out of nowhere.

Dad sits on the ground in his suit next to me. This isn't my dad. He's not a suit-in-the-grass kind of guy.

"Because I'm stupid? Weak? I'm not sure, Dylan. But I can tell you it's lonely. Without you boys, I don't know what I'd do."

I hear his voice crack. My dad, who showed how broken he was when she left but now never shows emotion, is giving me a glimpse of his pain. I'm not sure I want to be like that.

"There's a girl... Lora's sister, actually. I kind of like her. Maybe really like her, but I told her we could only be friends."

Dad shifts. "There's a woman in my office who asked me out for drinks. It's the first time since your mom left that I wanted to say yes, but I didn't. Don't be like me, Dylan. You're too young, have too much life in you for that. Out of all of us, you've always been the one with the most life-and the one who took her leaving the hardest. That's my fault for not being there for you." His eyes shift, and he sucks in a breath. "I left you too, didn't I?"

Yes, you did...

I can't help it, I hug him. We probably look crazy, but I don't care. He squeezes me back, and now it's his words that are replacing my thoughts. Don't be like me, Dylan.

"Would you ever want to see her again? It's up to you, son, but if the opportunity came, would you want to see her?"

His words shock me, kind of jolt me away from him. "What? No." I shake my head. "She was everything, and then she left. I hate her for that."

And that's the truth. She was the one I watched movies with at night, and the one who made me cookies or brought me to the park. She was my world and then she burned it down.

"You were young... so young, when she left. She was..."

She was what? I want to ask, but I let him finish.

"No matter what, I loved her. Through it all. I guess that makes me even more to blame than her."

Suddenly, I need to make him feel better. No one forced her to leave. She just did. "It's not your fault. You should go out with that lady, Dad. No offense, but it's probably been way too long since you got some."

Dad laughs and shakes his head. "Only you, Dyl." Then more seriously, "I'll think about it. You, on the other hand. Well, not the 'get some' part because I don't even want to think about that, but you shouldn't run like I do. Give yourself a chance to be happy. Don't be afraid to have something real-something that means more."

"I'll think about it," I counter, and I will. I'm not sure I can go there, but I might want to try. Because he's right. I don't want to be like him... alone. "Thanks, Dad." I stand up.

"There's more. We really need to talk, Dylan. Or you need to talk to your brother."

Groaning, I ask, "Is it good? Actually, don't answer that. I can tell. Can we do it later though? I think I've had enough for today."

I know it's something bad. He wouldn't bring it up if it wasn't, and I'm kind of sick of bad.

"You should really stop giving us excuses to put this off."

"I know, Dad. Soon, okay? I have something I need to do."

Dad nods. "I'll see ya later. And thanks. I love you."

I don't remember the last time we said that to each other.

"I love you too, Dad."

Twenty

~ Ziah ~

It's not that Dylan never calls me; it's just that it doesn't happen often. "What's up?" I answer.

"I wanna get together. Do something. You know, hang out." His voice sounds a little weird.

"I'll see you this weekend, remember?"

"What?"

"All the people who actually go to college have the week off, remember? That's why they picked the date for the wedding. So they could all have a week of fun before the big day. Lora said we're getting together Saturday."

"I thought maybe we could get together sooner?"

I'm not sure if I trust myself around Dylan without a group, but I don't want to blow him off. "I have a few big tests this week and will definitely not be any fun. How about I see you on Saturday for dinner, and we'll plan something to save ourselves from what will probably be wedding-week insanity."

"Yeah. Okay. Cool."

When we hang up, I get this weird feeling Dylan walked around what he wanted to say but never said it. After the last time we had a big talk, I'm sort of relieved he didn't.

***

"Ziah!" James jogs up to my locker.

It's both comforting and weird that we're talking again. It's better than avoiding, but I don't think we'll ever have the easy friendship we had before we started dating. It does make me think twice before trying to date a friend again. Maybe Dylan's right to be scared.

"What's up?"

"I talked to that Matthew kid who's so good in our AP English? And he said he can get together with us next Wednesday if we want to gear up for big test after break."

I scan his face for any sign that more might be going on, but I don't find it. "With Matthew?"

James rolls his eyes. "That would be the point, yeah."

"Okay. That week is crazy, but I need all the help I can get. I'm in."

"Great." He smiles wide, and it's more relaxed and less forced. James and I will be okay.

***

It's Saturday before the wedding, and we're all at the first event of what is sure to be a week of insanity. It started with Alyssa and Paul shamelessly flirting at the table-both over the top and ridiculous, but at least they were entertaining. After the last time I went out with Lora and her friends, she promised Mom an early night.

"I owe you a dance." Dylan takes my hand and pulls me from my chair. The whole crew is out tonight, and even Alyssa tagged along for fun.

The music slows as we hit the small dance floor, and Dylan pulls me close. My heart starts pounding.

"Relax, Hanes." He grins as he pulls me closer, pressing our stomachs together.

Right. Relax. "You always smell good," I say.

I'm not sure it's something you're supposed to say to your friend, but instead of pulling away, he breathes in and pulls me even closer.

"So do you," he whispers as he leans in even more.

We're almost cheek to cheek, and a shiver runs through me as his breath touches my ear and neck.

"I've been wanting to talk to you-" he starts.

"Shhhh." I let myself really relax into him like I never have.

He started it, so I'm feeling like I'm safe. I readjust my arms around his neck wanting to be closer when I'm not totally sure it's possible.

"But-"

"Please. Just dance and relax for a few." I lean into him farther as our bodies move together.

Dylan says nothing, and his hands slide lower on my waist. Are we dancing like this to a fast song? It doesn't matter. The heat from him radiates through my body. Our h*ps move together, and his fingers trace patterns on my back. As my nerves start to take over, I swallow. Hard. Now his hands slide up my bare arms, and mine are making patterns in his hair.

"Dirty dancing!" Paul nudges us from the side. "Nice." He wags his brows as Alyssa falls easily into his arms, and they laugh together as they dance.

Dylan sighs.

I move away, but just slightly. His hands rest on my shoulders, and he whispers again. "I really want to talk to you."

I'm so afraid of another, "I like you, but can't," speech, I rest my head on his shoulder, willing him to be quiet.

Derrick steps next to us and whispers, "Hands off, and we're leaving in about ten."

Dylan shoves him away. "Okay." He looks at me with annoyance on his face. "I need air."

"I'm coming." I have no idea what this is about, but I get the same feeling I did on the phone. That Dylan has something to say and doesn't know how to say it.

My gut turns over in nerves.

We step out the small back door into a downpour.

"Shit," Dylan sighs.

I step into the alleyway behind the restaurant letting the cold water soak me.

"Ziah." He grabs my hand as he follows me out. "I don't want you to get cold or wet."

It's too late. I'm in the rain in the dark. I look up at the sky and let it hit my face. The raindrops reflect the city lights above me, and it's breathtaking-small slashes of silver in the sky. When I let my face come back down, Dylan's staring. My stomach flips. I want him to look at me like that more than I want anything. Why did he have to drag me out here? Why does he want to talk? Why haven't I been able to let go of his hand?

"Hey." Only the rain is coming down so hard I have to speak it, not whisper.

"Hey." His eyes hit me, and I know that look better than anything. There's no way he's not thinking about me the way I'm thinking about him.

His arms come around me, and I shouldn't want them to but I do. It feels so good to let him hold me. Better than I remembered, or maybe it's just that I've thought about his arms for way more time than I should.

My head rests on his shoulder, my arms slide around to his back, and I don't care that we're getting soaked or that the alley smells. My hair begins to stick to my face, and I swear as we stand together, something changes in the way we're touching. I haven't exactly moved, but it's like my body is starting to take over. It's like the dance floor, only more intense because we're alone and there's no music. Only, I don't know if my heart can stand to be crushed again if he moves away first, so I do.

Pulling away means our eyes lock. My arms are still around him, and his arms are still around me. There is no willpower left in me right now. It just doesn't matter when we're here like this. He hesitates briefly. I'm still frozen in place, electricity running through me, forcing my heart to beat more franticly.

His lips touch mine first, and he's so soft, so sweet. His face is cold and wet, and the rain drips down, mixing between us. My mouth opens to kiss him again, and I can taste him and taste the rain. Why does he have to feel so good, so perfect? Our kiss deepens, and it takes all my willpower to keep some sort of sound from coming up my throat. I'm not sure I succeed. The more time I spend with him, the more touching him overwhelms me.

A weight rests on my chest-big, flat, and heavy. I can't do this. If he'd changed his mind, he would have said something, right? And now as much as the warmth of his lips is the most perfect thing ever, I just can't kiss someone who doesn't want more from me. The weight settles deeper down than just my chest.

My arms drop, and I step away. But it doesn't feel like I just dropped my arms. It feels like someone just dropped me.

I stare at the ground while I take a few breaths in. Anything to try and keep my voice even.

"I can't..." I let my eyes find his, and it's such a big mistake because they're filled with everything I want from him. And he can't give it to me. "I can't do this."

I back up and grab the handle of the door. The silver drops of rain slap against my face. Against his face.

"Ziah, wait, I..." He steps toward me.

I stop, still holding the door, my back pressed against the wet metal. "What?" Please say you've changed your mind. Please tell me I'm worth it. I'm worth the risk. As the rain streams down my face, my consolation is that if I start to cry, he'll never know.

"I..." he sucks in a breath and looks around us a few times. His hand grabs the back of his neck, and I'm learning this means he's nervous. My heart jumps at the thought. And it shouldn't jump, because he's Dylan. That seems like a risk in itself, but the more I'm around him, the more surprising he becomes. In a good way. An amazing way.

"I like you. A lot. And... I know this sucks for you if you feel anything like I do." His eyes can't stay on me. This is all Dylan, and all real. I can hear my breathing over the sound of the rain. "Like I want to be close, but I'm not sure how or..."

I want to touch him again, but I'm almost afraid to. Like I'll break the moment and stop whatever he's about to say.

"Just know I'm trying. I want to be with you. I mean, more than friends...and I'm trying."

And my heart sort of melts into my insides, and he's scary because putting myself out there for someone like him makes my chances of another broken heart, like double. But I can't help it. I step back into his arms, my heart hitting hard in the cage of my ribs. My eyes close, and I let his warmth wrap me up. And this is me and this is the real Dylan, and it's like he's everything. He's the need and the sparks and the laughter, and he touches my heart in a way it's never been touched before. It's terrifying and so honest it makes me dizzy.

"Thanks for giving me something real," I say.

"I just don't want you to think I'm messing with you." His fingers touch my cheek.

"Haven't you realized I like it when you mess with me?" I take his hands and rest them low on my waist.

He chuckles. "God, Ziah. Could you make yourself harder to resist?"

"That wouldn't really work in my favor." My cheeks heat up. "I can't believe I just said that."

"Well, you," he kisses my cheek, "make me say stuff all the time I never thought I'd say."

"Let's hope we keep that up." I'm soaked, and I'm freezing. But I don't care. Nothing could pull me from this spot.

"Yeah." His lips brush mine once more, and then once more again.

I step back just far enough that we're not touching, and I'm sort of in shock and amazed. I smile hugely and look up at the sky again just for a moment.

"There you guys are!" Lora yells from the end of the alleyway. "I have your coat, Ziah. Come on! We're freezing! Everyone's waiting!"

My heart pounds from nearly being caught and I'm not ready to let him go, but our night is over.

Dylan and I don't have to say anything to each other. We know this is just for us right now-he probably won't be talking to Derrick, and I won't be talking to Lora. We walk close, arms touching, but not holding hands.

Lora's waiting at Mom's car with Karisssa, Alyssa, and Mardie, and we'll be separated. Way too soon.

Not caring what anyone has to say or think, I give Dylan a hug, the rain still soaking us through.

"I'll call you tomorrow," he whispers. I squeeze him tighter before letting him go.

He steps back, drops my hands and starts to run through the silvery droplets toward his brother's car.

As much as I should keep my heart in my chest, part of it runs away with him. And maybe that means part of his might be here with me.

Twenty-One

~ Dylan ~

"You just want me close to you."

I flop into the oversized chair in Ziah's living room and rest my feet on the ottoman. I called her today-okay, first thing this morning-and as soon we knew our siblings would be out doing whatever it is they do all the time, I came over.

"It's big enough for two, and it's the only piece of furniture that directly faces the TV."

I let her get by with her excuses when she smiles. Every time I look at her, I see her last night. How she looked up at the sky, water shimmering down her body as she soaked it in. There was none of that typical girl stuff, worry about ruining make-up, hair issues, or whatever. She just took it...wanted it...and somehow, that one moment-the way her hair molded against her face, the same strand that's driven me crazy for months now-destroyed all my resistance.

And she smiled.

Then all sorts of other thoughts started pounding down on me. How she gives me crap, the look of murder in her eyes when I spilled my drink on her that first night, and how she now looks at me in a way I never knew I wanted a girl to look at me.

It was like I woke up, and it wasn't dark anymore. I realized it before, but not until that moment did I comprehend how much I like this girl. That I actually want to give her those things she wants. That she's worth it. Worth the risk of being left behind. And maybe, just maybe that would never happen. She might not be like Mom.

Of course, what came out was "I'm trying," but it got us here. So that's okay.

She puts the movie on, and now she's moving stuff around, putting stuff away that can wait. Sitting in this chair together was her idea, and now she's nervous.

"Sit down, Hanes. If you freak out, I'll freak out. Let's just watch the movie."

She falls in beside me. My arm is around the back of the chair, and she's pressed up against me but still sort of stiff. It's crazy how she can just go for things sometimes but is nervous others.

"I can't believe you burned the popcorn." Hopefully my teasing will loosen her up.

"I told you I can't cook."

"That's not cooking."

She just shrugs and laughs a little, and I love that I can be close to her like this and still tease her.

The movie starts, so I pull her close and finally, finally she loosens and molds herself against me.

We're about through the movie, and I can't stop thinking about the fact that I'm sitting here watching a movie with her. That I'm okay just chillin' with her instead of pulling her to my lap and kissing her. I mean, I definitely want to do that, but this is okay, too.

Suddenly, I need to tell her, want to make sure she knows I'm not playing games with her. "There's no one I could watch old movies with like this. No one even knows I watch them. Just you..."

"I like being with you, too." She somehow gets what I tried to say.

And then I'm looking down at her, and she's looking up at me. "We're close." I say, which is ridiculous. Of course we're close.

My hand moves to her cheek and then my lips press against hers. I kiss her gently, as though she's breakable, when she's anything but.

Then I grab her waist and pull us even closer than we were before. This kiss feels different than our others. She's definitely a voodoo girl. Maybe not angry, but she's cast a spell on me that makes me crazy and makes me want her more and more.

Our legs tangle together on the ottoman. She goes to my head, making me foggy and in need of something I never knew I missed. Something I can't even define. I can't get enough of her.

I deepen our kiss. My body is pulled toward hers like a magnet. I can't deny the tugging I feel inside me. Sliding my hand behind her neck, I touch her hair, let the strands wrap around my fingers as we kiss.

God, I want her. But I like her, too. That sort of clears my head because part of me is begging for more, but I know she was with James for almost a year. I don't think she went very far with him, and here I am grinding against her on her mom's floral chair.

As much as it physically feels like my body will explode, I make myself pull away.

"This is a good part."

And so she knows I'm not pulling away, I really do pull her onto my lap and hold her. When we're sitting like this, it makes me realize being with someone isn't hard when you're with the right girl. Maybe this is what moving forward feels like.

***

I'm sitting in class all antsy. I totally don't feel like being here. The sun is out and calling my name. I know I'm supposed to see Ziah a ton this week because of the wedding, but all of a sudden, that's not soon enough. I know better than to ask her to skip, so the best I can think of is getting out of this place myself before I go crazy. Yeah, I like her, but this whole jonesing for a girl thing is weird. I feel like Derrick.

As soon as the bell rings, I know the rest of the school day is going to have to find a way to get along without me. Instead of hitting my locker, I go straight for the Hummer. A few minutes later, I'm towering over all the other cars on the road and then turning down my street.

I pull up next to a strange car in the driveway, and wonder who the hell's at our house in the middle of the day.

My first thought is Dad decided to buy something new, but a BMW really isn't Dad's thing. Plus, it wouldn't be a reason for him to be home when he should be at work.

Then it hits me. Holy crap! Did Dad bring a woman home? I mean, we talked about it and I want him to go for it, but the thought is a little freaky. Still, there's a part of me that's thinking, "Go, Dad," too. He works fast.

Figuring it won't be too hard to sneak in and make it to the game room without being noticed, I slip into the house. Voices float out of the kitchen: Dad's and a woman's. I don't know what it is, but something about the voice makes my chest pinch. It's a little nagging feeling that slowly, with each step I take toward the kitchen, multiplies, spreading further and further out from the epicenter.

My feet feel like weights. My heart is pounding. What's wrong with me?

I stand planted on the kitchen floor and everything, every f**king thing in my life shifts. I'm cracking like a windshield hit with a rock. I hate myself for being so weak, gasping for breath like I did when Derrick locked himself in the room and Dad wouldn't stop crying. Rage jolts through me, battling for dominance over the pain.

"Dylan..." Dad's eyes catch mine, and I can see. He knows he screwed up. That I'm going to explode at any second. "Son..."

And then she turns. The person who made Paul, Derrick, and me cookies. The one who made me feel like the luckiest kid in the world, who brought me to the park for hours and held me when I was scared. The stuff I tried to forget, too.

The person who cried a lot, who fell asleep watching old movies in the living room rather than upstairs with Dad. Who had hushed phone calls and fights with strange guys in the park. All of the things I'm only remembering now hit me.

The person who broke Dad. Who made Derrick grow up too fast. Who left me. Who I loved. How did I block those things out?

Her hand covers her mouth, and it's shaking. What the f**k does she have to be nervous about? Scared about? I actually see tears fall from her eyes. What gives her the right to stand here and cry in our kitchen?

My mouth is glued shut. All these thoughts are scratching and clawing to be free, but I can't let them. I can't get them out. My mother is standing in front of me, and I'm f**king breaking into pieces.

Dad steps toward me, and somehow I find a way to pull my eyes away from her. How could he do this to me? How could he betray me like this?

"Dylan, we were going to tell you. Then...it wasn't even a guarantee she would be found. Why upset you for no reason?"

Ding. Ding. Ding. We have a winner. Rage manages to briefly knock out the pain, and I find my voice. "You should have f**king told me! What is she doing here?"

It's the first time in my life I've yelled at my dad. That's just not how things work with us. My throat already hurts. I'm not sure if it's from the yelling or the knot that's clogged there.

Dad shakes his head. Briefly, I let my eyes scan her again. The eyelashes. I got my eyelashes from her. Suddenly I hate the blue eyes girls have gone on about for years because seeing hers is like looking in a mirror. It's not as if I haven't seen pictures, like I don't remember her, but seeing her again makes it more real.

"I know. I was-I put it off. Let me explain. I didn't know she was coming-"

I hold up my hand. "You know what? I changed my mind. I don't give a shit what this is. I don't want to know about it. You guys keep playing house or whatever it is you're doing without me."

I turn, somehow prying my feet off the floor. She's here... she's back. How is she going to break the Gibson Boys this time?

"Dylan, wait." Dad is coming after me when I hear it. Hear her.

"Please, just wait. I don't deserve it, but let me talk to you, Dylan."

I freeze at her voice. It feels like pinpricks all over my body. It hurts, but there's a part of me that wants to hear her say my name again. To taste her chocolate chip cookies. And that makes me even madder at her and myself.

Turning, I say, "No. No, you don't deserve it, and I don't want to hear anything you have to say." Dad touches my shoulder, and I shake his hand off. "Fuck this. I'm out of here."

They don't come after me as I tear through the house and jump in the Hummer. It takes everything in me not to take out her stupid BMW. To drive over the car the way she drove over us. Instead I peel out of the driveway, and I'm gone.

***

My hands are shaking as I pull up in front of Dad's office. It's the only place I could think to go. I feel like the smallest wind would blow me over. Like the rain that just started could easily wash me away.

My hands come down over and over on the steering wheel and I scream. I can't stop it even when it stings the palms of my hands. I hate her. I hate what she did, but more than that I hate being this weak. How could I let her do this to me again?

Fumbling, I pick up my cell and dial. He answers on the second ring.

"Dylan. Where are you? Are you okay, D?"

My face is wet. I can't believe it. When did I start crying? Somehow, it feels a little better just knowing I have my brother on the phone. "Derrick... she's here. She came back, and Dad let her in the house."

"Calm down. Slow your breathing, Dyl. It's okay."

"How is this okay? Did you not hear what I said? Mom is back!" My whole world ignites when I realize it. Flames lick my skin, threatening to overcome me. "You knew."

"I love you, little brother."

"You love me? You knew! You f**king knew, and you didn't tell me!"

It's just like that day all over again. Dad knew, Derrick knew, and they abandoned me, left me on the outside while they were on the inside. It hurts worse than her leaving, than her coming back. We're supposed to be a team, and they locked me out again. Kept this from me. What else don't I know?

"So much for the Gibson Boys, huh? That should really just be you and Dad, shouldn't it? Two Musketeers? You promised, Derrick. You said you'd always be there for me, you'd take care of me. You left me for Lora, and now you kept this from me, too!"

Something sharp pierces through the middle of me. I'm cracking, so close to breaking.

"I never left you, Dylan. Where are you? I'll come get you. We'll talk. With the wedding and all... I just wanted to talk to her. I didn't expect-shit, let me pick you up, and I'll tell you everything."

I want to tell him... but I can't.

"Nah, I wouldn't want to drag you away from planning your wedding. You have more important things to deal with."

I hit end. The palms of my hands are red from where I beat them against the steering wheel. My eyes sting. Rain starts pelting my windshield as hard as when I was outside the restaurant with Ziah. Ziah... I still have someone left. Someone who hasn't pushed me aside. Who wants me and doesn't keep things from me. When the voicemail picks up, I end the call and dial her again. Pull it together, Dylan. Don't freak out. Come on, Ziah. Pick up the phone.

"Hello?"

I clear my throat, trying not to sound like I'm having a nervous breakdown. "Hey... I... Can I come over?"

"What's up? I'm kind of in the middle of something right now."

She's in the middle of something? Doesn't she know I need her right now? "Can't you break away?"

"Is everything okay?"

Then I hear a different voice. A male voice with her. "Hurry up, slow poke."

My heart is going crazy now. I feel all jittery. "Who is that?"

She stalls for a minute, and I know. I know who she's pushing me aside for.

"It's James. We were just-"

I hang up.

Wrong. I was so wrong. She left me, too. Just when I started to trust her. When I needed her. I throw my phone in the passenger seat. I'm not cracking anymore, I'm shattering. She's just like the rest of them. When push comes to shove, she bails on me, too.

Slamming the Hummer into drive, I jerk into traffic, needing to be anywhere but here.

Twenty-Two

~ Ziah ~

I hit send and it cuts straight to Dylan's voicemail. My legs collapse beneath me, and I'm suddenly sitting on the sofa.

"Ziah!" James yells. "I need help in here!"

"Quiet for a sec!" I rest my head in my hands. I hit send again. Voicemail. My heart drops.

Why do I feel like something just went really, really wrong? Dylan's voice sounded so... hollow. What happened? It's not like him to call and be so desperate to come over. At all. And if he was "trying" like he said he would, he'd have made a joke about his awesome boyfriend powers or something, not sounded so weird.

And why, why did he have to call when we were studying? Why did he hang up and not let me explain? Something happened. Dylan likes a good banter, the fun back and forth. But maybe now that we both want more, things have changed.

My hands go to my stomach. "Oh, God," I whisper. "I never even told him James and I were talking again."

"Told who what?" James asks as he steps into the living room. The rest of our study group isn't here, and now I wonder if he even invited them.

"Dylan." I let my eyes find James's. "I didn't tell him we were speaking."

"Who's Dylan?" he asks, folding his arms.

"He's..." How do I describe Dylan? "I really don't want to talk about this with you, and I think I just completely let him down." My phone is still clutched in my hand.

"So is that why we can't be together anymore?" James's voice is filled with irritation.

I don't have time for this. "James? Get over yourself. We were friends who turned into something more because we have so much in common. But we're done. We were done before Dylan and I started, and we wouldn't have lasted anyway, not after Alyssa."

"Didn't take you long to find a replacement." He sounds all sulky.

"You didn't even wait 'til we were split to find a replacement!" I shriek. "I think I might have somehow just really screwed up something I care about! It's not about you!" Wow. I'm completely freaked out.

He stands way too still for a moment. "We're really, totally over."

"Yes."

My insides feel all antsy. Something's wrong, and it's part me and part something that happened before Dylan called me. I run my hands over my head, my phone still clutched in one of them.

"What do I do?" The words just come out.

"Go find him." James' arms drop to his sides.

I throw my arms briefly around James and run out the door, leaving him alone in my house.

***

I pull into Dylan's driveway as a BMW pulls out. My eyes catch the woman's face. Dylan's blue eyes look back at me. His aunt or something? I'm not sure. Lora said some of their family was coming to town.

His driveway is practically a parking lot in front of his house, and coming here in Mom's beat-up Subaru makes me feel like sort of an outsider in the life of Dylan. His dad jogs down the front steps.

"Mr. Gibson?" I can't believe he didn't notice me right away.

"Hey, Ziah. Bad timing." He glances around so nervously making me feel even more panicky.

"I got a weird phone call from Dylan, and-"

"When?" He takes a few jogging steps toward me and rests his hand on my arm.

My chest drops again. "What's going on?"

His dad pushes out a hard breath. "When did he call?"

"I don't know. Thirty minutes ago? Traffic was bad, and..." and now I'm having a hard time breathing.

"He was already gone when he called you." He releases my arm and stands back.

"Where?"

"If I knew that, I wouldn't be about to leave you alone in my driveway." He begins walking away. "I waited for him to come home, and now..."

"Wait!" I plead as I follow. "What's going on?"

"Family stuff, Ziah." He reaches into his pocket. "Here's my card. Please call if you hear from him, okay?" He continues toward his car.

I stop in my tracks. "Tell him I'm worried!" I call after him. "Or I'm sorry!" Or I'm an idiot...

Mr. Gibson leaps into his car and peels out of the driveway. I'm left standing beside my mom's car with his business card in my hand in front of their monstrous house. And in that moment, it all comes together in my mind-family stuff, Dylan's mom, the blue-eyed woman. The reason he needed me.

He must think I bailed on him, just like everyone else. I didn't listen closely enough to him when he called, and that was all it took-the end of Dylan and Ziah. I barely make it back to the car before slumping in the driver's seat and sucking in shaky breaths in a failed attempt to not cry.

***

The drive back to my house is dark, long, and slow. Mr. Gibson never came back, and nothing happened. I waited for hours, alternating calling Dylan's phone and Lora's. Mom has a big banquet tonight at the restaurant, so I can't call her. I don't know why Lora isn't answering me. I'm still not sure if I want to tell her what's happening between Dylan and me, though I'm probably past caring what she knows. I slide low in the old flowered chair Dylan and I shared yesterday and wish for things to be different.

Lora bursts through the front door with Derrick right behind her. I almost leap out of the chair. "Have you heard from him?" I ask.

They both slump. "We were hoping you had," Derrick says.

"Why didn't you answer my calls?" I ask.

"Lost my phone." Lora shrugs. "I keep changing bags, and..."

Derrick sits on the ottoman and rests his elbows on his knees. "I screwed up, Ziah. If Dylan calls, can you pass that on?"

"Did you know?" I ask.

Derrick and Lora exchange a glance. Do they think I haven't caught on?

"I saw her, Derrick. It was your mom, right?"

"Dylan told you about Mom?" Derrick sits back watching me.

"Yeah, when..." but I let that trail off, not wanting them to know all the details.

"What's going on between you two?" Lora asks.

Derrick waves his hand between us. "You don't have to answer, Ziah."

"We just..." I think about kissing him, about him teasing me for burning popcorn, and about us watching movies. "I guess we were trying for more than friends."

Derrick closes his eyes for a second. I don't know if this is good or bad or irritation.

Actually, he doesn't get to be irritated. "Did you know your mom was coming? Isn't this something you should have warned him about?" I ask.

"Ziah!" Lora snaps.

"No." Derrick holds up his hand. "It's fine. I tried, and he didn't want to talk about her. I let it go because I wasn't sure if we'd even find her. I had no idea she was coming or if I'd even found the right person. She knows where we live, obviously."

I start blinking because I hate knowing Dylan probably feels like I shafted him the way everyone else has, and I'm mad at him for not giving me two more seconds to explain.

Derrick rests a hand on my knee. "Relax, Ziah. Dylan tends to be overdramatic." He sounds like he's trying to convince himself, not me. "It's not your fault."

But it is. "When he called..."

Now my voice won't work, and I feel like a ridiculous, whiny girl. Lora sits on the arm of the chair next to me and rests her hand on my shoulder. It really just makes me feel worse.

"James was here because we were studying. It was something we set up way before Dylan and I were trying, and Dylan didn't give me a chance to explain. I just made it all worse." This time when I blink, the tears spill down.

"You're a cool girl, Ziah. I'll find him and get it all straightened out, okay?" Derrick stands up, and I realize he's going to be around a lot. Like he'll answer Lora's phone sometimes, and when they have kids, he'll be there. He's going to be my brother-in-law. Crazy.

"Ziah, I'm gonna stick with Derrick for a few more minutes, but I'll be back later, okay?"

I nod as they start for the door. "I'm glad you're marrying my sister."

Derrick stops, turns, and smiles. "So am I. Let's hope we find my little brother in the few days before the wedding."

And this time he's not able to hide his worry from me.

***

My body's tired as I flop onto my back on the bed. I'm both hopeless and desperate to make things better all at the same time. Even though I've really screwed up, I'm not going down without some sort of fight. At least he'll know how I feel. I pull out my dying phone, plug it in, and start a series of texts.

ME: OK. I DON'T CARE IF YOU WANT TO HEAR FROM ME OR NOT.

Send.

ME: I MESSED UP. I SHOULD HAVE READ UR VOICE AND KNOWN IT WAS IMPORTANT. I SHOULD HAVE TOLD YOU JAMES AND I WERE TALKING and STUDYING. HE KNOWS ABOUT U. HE KNOWS I DON'T LIKE HIM.

Send.

ME: I FEEL LIKE SHIT, DYLAN. I GO FROM FEELING LIKE THE WORST PERSON ON THE PLANET TO BEING PISSED B/C U WON'T ANSWER ME.

Send.

ME: PLEASE JUST, IF UR 2 MAD OR IF THINGS SUCK 2 MUCH FOR U TO TRY TO BE W/ ME, I GET IT. I FEEL THAT THOUGHT CRUSHING ME, BUT I GET IT.

Send.

ME: NO MATTER WHAT, WILL U SEND A MSG 2 ME, THRU MY SIS OR A TEXT SO I KNOW UR OK?

Send.

ME: I'M SO SORRY. I WANT TO DO THIS WHOLE THING WITH U. I KNOW ABT UR MOM. I WANNA TALK. HELP. SMTHNG. MASTA DYLAN. PLEASE?

I hit send for what feels like the millionth time and know there's nothing else I can do. My heart drops, and it's like I know again, just like I knew in his driveway, that I probably lost my chance with Dylan Gibson. It hurts way worse than I expected-and I expected it to hurt bad.

Alyssa steps into my room without knocking. She's holding a carton of Rocky Road and two spoons.

I'm so glad we're friends again.

Twenty-Three

~Dylan~

I've spent the past couple days in two places: in the bed or on the deck at our house on the coast. It's embarrassing to be in this kind of slump, and I'm thankful no one is here to see me, but the sad part is, it's all I can do. It's all I want to do. Still, I can't wrap my head around this. After everything Mom did, she came back. There are no words to describe how that makes me feel, but it's nothing compared to knowing they knew. They chose her over me. Kept it from me. What does that say about me?

And Ziah chose James.

What was she doing with me this whole time?

Putting my feet up on the wooden porch chair, I pick up my sketchbook, my eyes taking in the foaming waves in front of me. Salty air hits my skin. It reminds me of the rain when it swam around her. How she made me want to try when she knew she had James in the background.

Suddenly, I'm pissed. My hands shake as I start ripping drawings out of my book, the one of her eyes in Dad's office building, the one of her smiling as she looked up at the wet sky. It's so stupid, and I know it. But I can't stop myself from ripping the pages over and over again, watching them fly away with the wind.

How long was she hanging out with James? How long was Mom back? How long were Derrick and Dad lying to me?

Totally aware I'm throwing a tantrum, I push to my feet and chuck the sketch book as far as I can. It lands at the edge of the water, one big wave away from being gone.

"Wow... good arm."

I whip around, my heart somewhere in my throat. "Dude, warn a guy, would ya?" As much as I don't want to admit it, I'm glad Paul's here.

"I knew you'd be here. Just wanted to give you some time, but now we're running out of it." He walks over to me and leans against the railing. "So what's up, man? You have everyone all stressed about where you are. The wedding's tomorrow."

"I texted Dad to let him know I'm okay." I look over at my best friend. "You tell them I was here?" I don't acknowledge the wedding bit. I can't deal with that right now.

"Of course not. Bros before... you know what I mean."

I let out a small laugh. It's almost a real one. Then I want to kick myself in the ass. It's almost a real one? When did I start talking like this? Thinking like this? My head is so screwed up, it's like I'm not me anymore. I don't do this moping shit. I don't let people get to me. This is why I go for girls like Chastity, who only want one thing.

I turn to Paul. "Let's get drunk."

"Umm... okay?"

"Seriously, we haven't partied here in a while. I know we can find some people who want to chill." I'm pacing now. Why didn't I think of this before? It's the perfect way to get my mind off stuff, to get back to just having fun and being me. "A few phone calls, and we can get this place packed. Think we can get beer? Yeah, I'm sure we can. My cell's dead, but we can call some people from home on yours. I know some people here, too."

"Hey." Paul steps in front of me. "Is this a personal conversation or can I join?"

Without replying, I shake my head at him.

"Dylan, let's just chill. You know I'm down for any reason to party, but," he shrugs. "I mean, I know about everything."

"Nope. Not going there." I push open the sliding glass door and go inside. Paul's right behind me. "We're not Dr. Phil'in it."

He grabs my arm as I try to walk into the kitchen for the phone. "Dude, I'm your best friend. I know you, Dylan. Anyone would feel screwed up after all this. I mean, shit, she's really back after all this time?"

Ripping my arm away, I collapse in the kitchen chair. "You probably know more than I do. I didn't stick around to find out the particulars, but yeah, she's back. I don't care about anything else."

"I don't know any more than you do. Your dad called to see if you were with me, told me she was back, and I said I hadn't seen you and came here." He scratches his shaved head, obviously about to delve into territory we're usually not in together. "If you like, wanna talk or whatever, we can get some beer, chill, talk, break stuff... whatever."

I kind of want to... to spill it all, but I can't.

"You want to help me? Then let's get this house packed full of people. I want..." I want to forget. "I want to party."

Paul blows out a breath. "No."

His words make me stumble. Paul not want to party? Is the whole world falling apart, and I wasn't told that either? "No? Fine. I'll do it without you."

"She kissed that guy in the park, Dylan. I saw it. She didn't bring us there because she wanted us to have a good time. She did it so she could hook up."

Red is all I see. I'm shaking as I turn on him. "What the hell are you talking about? Why are you bringing that stuff up now? Why are you lying?"

"Because, bro, it's time to man up. You know what it was like. I didn't even live with you, and I know what it was like. She wasn't happy. Hell, she didn't give a shit. You're never going to move on until you wake up and stop rewriting your own f**king past!"

Unable to stop myself, I lunge, toppling into Paul and making him fall to the ground. He rolls, I roll, both of us trying to get the best of the other. My body is on fire. My head is gone now.

"I didn't rewrite my past! You're just jealous because she did stuff with us your mom didn't! How can you say that shit to me?"

Another roll and Paul's on top. "Because I'm your best friend, and I'm tired of seeing her win. After all this time, I'm tired of seeing her hurt you!"

"So you decided to do it?" I yell at him.

"No! I'm trying to tell you she didn't deserve you guys. I'm trying to make you have a f**king life and not let her ruin it anymore."

My hands drop away from him and his from me. I'm sitting on the floor. Water wets my face, running down harder than Ziah's rain. Paul is next to me. My chest hurts I'm breathing so hard, but I don't know what to do. What to say.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean... I just think you need to acknowledge it or whatever. It wasn't perfect like you want to believe it was."

He's right. I know he's right. I'm not sure if I knew all along and couldn't admit it, if I blocked it out, or what. But I know.

"I used to hear them sometimes... her yelling at him late at night. I think... I mean, I don't remember it all, but I'm pretty sure she used to go out a lot. Leave me with Derrick. I thought it was fun."

But it wasn't cool, was it? I'm sitting with my knees up, my back against the wall. My arms wrap around them, my head falls forward, and I let it out.

"Why? Why couldn't I see it before?"

Paul shrugs. "I don't know, man. Maybe it's like post-partum depression or something."

Looking at him, I shake my head. "That's for pregnant chicks, you idiot. It's post-traumatic."

"That, too. Maybe you had both."

We laugh, and somehow I feel a little lighter. "None of you guys said anything. You, Derrick, Dad. You all just let me go around in freaking La La Land for years."

"That's because we like... careforyouandshit." He scratches his head, so I can't see his face. He might have mumbled, but I heard him. Even if he didn't speak, I heard him.

"Yeah... yeah."

He scoots away, and we both stand up. Now I find it in me to feel a little weird. Not because I don't trust him or that I think he'd tell anyone, just because... well, I just cried in front of my best friend.

But somehow it doesn't matter. "Seriously... Thanks."

Paul holds out his hand, and this time when we bump fists, our hands linger there a little.

"You owe me one, though." He doesn't let me ask him what. "Don't run. You're not the type. Don't let this shit eat you alive anymore, Dylan. She doesn't deserve it. No. You don't deserve it."

And he's right. I have no idea how he got so smart or if he's always been this smart, but I never saw it. Or he never showed me. He's right though. I'm tried, so tired of running. Derrick got over it. Maybe Dad and I can too.

"Can you get ahold of them? Tell them I want her to come here. Her. No one else."

Paul nods, takes out his phone, and then he's gone.

Twenty-Four

~ Ziah ~

My alarm is piercing. Even more than normal. I know I fell asleep because I don't remember Mom coming home and because I'm hanging on the edge of my bed banging the top of my stupid alarm. I snatch my phone off the floor as my fingers finally find the snooze button.

Nothing.

No replies to texts, no voicemails. Nothing. Am I on day two now? Three? Even Derrick said he was headed out of town to find him, leaving his fiance behind. Tomorrow night is supposed to be the rehearsal dinner, and no one's heard a word.

I really, really thought if one of us was going to screw things up, it would be him. And maybe he is the one screwing everything up, but it's also me. One or two sentences would have kept him on the phone, but I didn't say them. At the same time, I could have told him a million different times. "James and I are talking again. It's awkward, and I'll never be more than friends with him. But we're talking." And I didn't.

Then when Dylan called, maybe he wouldn't have hung up. Maybe I could have cheered him up the way he's done with me over and over. Instead he's disappeared, and I know that part of it's my fault.

My heart drops. And then it drops again when I remember my calculus mid-term is today. Time to pretend the last bit of Ziah's world didn't just fall apart.

***

There is no concentrating on anything. My brain won't focus. I'm in this haze of frustration, anger, and sadness. Oh, and sleeplessness.

I feel defeated after calculus. Everyone's done with our test and is trying to relax and joke around on our last day before spring break. I'm trying to stay awake.

James seems okay. He's two rows over and a chair up from me. Rachelle is laughing with him in our final few minutes before the bell. And it hurts a bit. She's not as pretty as me, which I know sounds mean, but she's definitely sweeter. James looks half-interested, and I'm sure it won't take much for him to be wholly interested.

I'm staring at the way he's looking at her. Sort of like the way we started looking at one another more than a year ago. Definitely interested. But cautious. Our eyes catch just before the bell rings. I leap out of my chair to get to the door before he catches me.

Talking to James isn't high on my list. Except... I sort of left him hanging at my house the other day. Crap.

"Ziah!" He steps up behind me almost touching as I stop at my locker. We may be broken up, but after so much time together, he has no problem invading my personal space.

"What's up?" I try my best neutral smile.

"No offense, but you look like hell." He leans sideways on the locker next to mine. It's not a "James" thing to do. He doesn't lean.

"Thank you." I hope he catches my sarcasm.

"Sorry, that came out wrong. I take it things didn't go well?"

"Do you care?" I ask.

"I don't know. I mean, it's weird for me to think of you with someone else. I still can't imagine myself with someone else." Traces of the sadness he's been wearing are back.

"Even Rachelle?" I try a smile. I'm not sure how it comes off.

His cheeks seriously turn a little pink. "I don't know. Is that weird?"

"Yeah." I nod. "But that doesn't mean..."

He holds his hand up between us. "I think you've made it clear plenty of times that we won't ever be together. My ego really doesn't need to hear it again."

I look down. "I'm sorry, James. Yes, it's weird. I feel it." I touch my fingers to my chest. "But it's okay."

"We're friends now, right?"

"Yeah." I nod. "We're friends now."

"You really should do some girl thing with Alyssa, because I mean it. You look like hell."

I slug him in the shoulder. "Go find Rachelle and pester her, huh?"

He sort of nods once and walks away-embarrassed again.

Why can't Dylan have an eighth of his persistence. No, a twentieth? Just enough persistence to stay on the phone for twenty more seconds? Who hangs up with NO explanation? Why did he think it was okay to do this to me?

I go from feeling like shit, to being pissed. Over. And over. And over.

***

Mom and Lora are in the kitchen when I step inside after school. Mom's never home. Well, almost never. I stand just inside the front door, a little unsure of what to do with myself. Her eyes catch mine, and she comes straight toward me. I'd bet money on Lora, Alyssa, or both having called her.

Her arms come around me without hesitation. "Wanna talk about it?"

"No. I'm exhausted from talking." My body rests against hers.

"I finished the mac and cheese you like from the restaurant, but I added some extra spice for you." Mom pinches my cheek like she's always done and half jogs back into the kitchen.

I let my pack drop to the floor and kick off my shoes. I head for my bedroom to get pajamas. Our movie is starting when I walk back out. How To Marry a Millionaire - the ultimate chick flick.

Mom's sitting with two heaping bowls of mac and cheese and two glasses of eighty dollar a bottle of wine from the restaurant. Normally it's just for Thanksgiving and Christmas, but I guess me looking like hell is an exception.

"Sorry I haven't been here, but you know I love you, right?" Her arm comes around me, as she kisses my head.

"I know. Thanks so much. I..."

"I know. You didn't want to talk. When you do, let me know. Dylan's okay. We found him."

Relief pours through me followed by more nausea because they found him, but he hasn't called.

Lora flops on the other side of me with a salad. I raise a brow trying to pretend to be at least half-okay when I'm definitely not.

She shrugs. "I'm getting married in two days. I can't be bloated."

I open my mouth twice to ask more about Dylan, but nothing comes out.

Lora squeezes my shoulder a few times as I try to get my breathing under control so I don't cry. I've never been such a crier in all my life.

I slump back into the couch, take a long drink of the wine, and rest the huge bowl of spicy mac and cheese on my chest. The movie pulls me straight into warmth, comfort, my family, and distraction.

Twenty-Five

~Dylan~

Even though it's freezing outside and I hate to be cold, I've been sitting on the deck since I got out of the shower. Yep, that's right, a couple hours. But the cool, crisp air is not only keeping me awake, it's also somehow keeping me from freaking out while Paul's gone.

I've been trying to judge time since he left. He was calling when he walked out. It wouldn't take long for him to find her or to get a hold of someone who knew exactly where she was. If she gave a crap or cared at all and left right away, she could be here in minutes.

My heart and head have been warring this whole time over whether I'm ready or not, but I wonder if this is something you can ever be ready for. Or if it's something you just jump into, somehow navigate your way through, and then come out on the other side either better for it or more screwed up than you were before.

Wow... maybe Paul's not the only one who's doing better at figuring stuff out.

Lights chase each other across the driveway off to the side of the house. My leg starts jumping up and down as a car door opens and slams shut. Click, click, click, of heels sound on the pavement, and then she's here, standing in front of me.

She looks just like I remember. Young-she was always young, younger than dad. My eyes look back at me, but her hair is lighter than mine or Derrick's. She's all wrapped up in an expensive jacket, and I can't help but wonder if she bought it herself. What does she do? Or does she stay home with other kids the way she used to stay home with us while her new husband works?

All of a sudden, I am ready. I need this. No, I want this. Without a word, I walk inside. She follows.

"Dylan," she says, but I turn to her, holding my hand up to stop her.

I plop into a living room chair, and she sits across from me on the couch.

"Where have you been?" I say. There's no emotion in my voice, and I like it that way.

She's fidgeting with her purse. "California first. Then back East. I'm in New Jersey right now. I'm head of my department-"

"Family?"

A small nod is my reply. It pierces through me, but it's just another thing to add to the hurt she's caused. The hurt I'm going to get over.

"How long have you been back? You been talking to everyone but me?"

"I just got into town when I saw you. Derrick started looking for me because of the wedding. I got a message. He wasn't even sure it was me, but I had to come before I lost my nerve."

Before she lost her nerve? Heat spikes in my body. She stands like she's going to come over to me, but the look on my face makes it clear she'd better not. I don't want her comfort.

She sits back down.

"I'm not done." My hand automatically moves up and rubs the back of my neck. I'm freaked out that my voice won't work. I'm freaked out about what she'll say, but I have to ask.

The word is near a whisper. "Why?"

"Like I said, Derrick called because of the wedding... I think he wanted closure."

It's not what I meant, and she has to know it.

"Why?" I ask again, scared of having the answer and not having it, too. "No bullshit either. Even if you didn't love Dad, why did you leave me and Derrick?"

I wait while she stalls. Takes a few breaths. Messes with her purse more. Her eyes look back at me shimmering more than they were before. When she finally starts to talk, her voice is so soft I have to struggle to hear her.

"I... I had to get away. We got together young, got pregnant with Derrick. I wasn't in love with your dad, but I tried... for you boys I tried, but I couldn't make myself happy. When I-" She stops to rub her eyes. "I didn't plan not to see you boys. I just had to go. Then I met someone, and I didn't tell him. I don't know why. Maybe I felt guilty, but I didn't say a word. We got serious, and I still didn't tell him. After a while, I'd been gone so long, I couldn't come back. How could I just show up again in your lives? How could I tell him? Once we got married... pregnant. How could I tell him then that I had other kids out there?

"Maybe it makes me a coward, but I convinced myself you guys were better off without my interrupting your lives after so long. That Jim and Sally were better off without knowing they had siblings they know nothing about..."

So that's it. I waited years for this, and it's not even a real reason to me. She didn't love Dad, needed a break, and left. Then some other guy-some other family-became more important, and she was too chicken, didn't want the drama. That's it.

Sometimes there's something so big in your life, something so monumental that you make up all these different, life-altering reasons why it happened. She was an FBI agent, involved in some huge plot and had to go to save the world. She was a f**king princess in some other country. Even though she left a note, she never really wanted to leave, but was forced. Something.

It's all kid stuff. Things I knew could never be true but always let myself believe because this was so huge to me. Now I see the truth isn't so big at all. There aren't reasons, and there doesn't have to be. Sometimes, things just are.

It's so strange how one choice can derail so many lives. It was so huge to me, I expected her answer to change everything, but it didn't. I guess that's life, right? You never really know what's waiting for you. You never really know what's going to happen or why. You just have to be able to deal with it. Big or small. And I haven't been dealing. I've been just as selfish as her, getting mad at Derrick for Lora, pushing Ziah away.

Not anymore. Because to me, Mom's just sad. I don't want to be like that. Like her.

She cries. "I wish I could change it. I wish I could go back, but I can't. I've regretted that day so many times, Dylan. I've wanted to come back so often, just to see you boys, but I was so scared. I knew I didn't deserve you."

I don't hesitate to answer. "No, you didn't. And you still don't. Good luck with your family. I hope you don't ever do to them what you did to us."

There's nothing else to say. Nothing else to hear. When I let her out of the house, somehow I come out on the other side different. Better.

***

I don't get the door closed before two figures step out of the shadows: Dad and Derrick. They knew I'd need them, and they're here. Hell, my brother left behind his fiance the day before their wedding. Shit, the night of the bachelor/bachelorette party for me. For the Gibson Boys.

Derrick closes the door as Dad pulls me into a hug, squeezing me tighter than I ever remember being squeezed. That easily, they're forgiven. Nothing is forgotten, but forgiven.

"Ummm, Dad. Can't. Breathe."

He laughs, letting go of me.

Derrick gives me a half hug, a twelve pack of beer in one of his hands. I look back and forth between him and my dad, who shrugs, giving me a smile. My dad may have turned a blind eye, but he has never, ever let me drink in front of him before.

"We're having a guy's night. Derrick informed me it's not a guy's night without beer. Makes me wonder about what you two do when you're together."

Guy's night. The thought makes me smile.

"Not me. It's those college kids. Always partying," I tease. Derrick gives me a playful push in reply before walking toward the kitchen. Dad and I follow.

"It's a bachelor party. We need beer for that. You guys have to know that one." Derrick sits at the table.

"I'm sorry, Derrick. For screwing everything up. You're supposed to be at the party."

"Brought the party here."

"You're supposed to be with Lora."

He shrugs. "She knows I need to be with you."

I nod at him. Lora's awesome. I'm glad my brother's marrying her. Glad she'll be family.

"Cool. She's cool."

As much as I want to pretend it's all okay, I can't. Not without saying what I need to say. "I can't forgive her. I don't know what you guys have planned, but-"

Dad clasps a hand on my shoulder. "You don't have to. And I hope you know her decisions weren't about us or our worth." Dad sighs. "It's been a long time, son. I should have given your mom up a long time ago. Maybe if I would have, it would have been easier for you. That's my fault, and I apologize."

Before I can reply, Derrick jumps in. "It wasn't about forgiving her, D. I just needed to make my peace. To finally free myself of her before getting married. We never expected her to just show up like that. I knew you'd take it hard, so I didn't want to tell you unless-didn't know how to tell you-"

"That's the problem." I cross my arms. "You guys never knew how to tell me anything. You always left me in the dark. How did anyone expect me to believe I could handle anything if you guys didn't think I could?"

"You're right," Dad says. "I just... you were so young. I wanted you to have those good memories. I wanted to hold onto your mom because I thought it was best for you guys. Or hell, maybe I just wanted her. You're a man, Dylan, and it's time I treat you like one. I'm proud of you, son."

I can't find my words, but Derrick saves me. "Okay, okay. Enough of the sappy stuff."

He pulls out three bottles, opens one, and gives it to me. He does the same for Dad and saves one for himself. We all hold them up.

"To the Gibson Boys," Dad says.

"And girls!" Derrick adds. "Well, at least Lora, and from what I've heard, Dyl probably wants to cheer for Ziah, too."

Dad shakes his head, but he's smiling.

I do want to cheer for her. Yeah, I don't know what's going on with the James thing, but I know her, and I know I probably overreacted. And I like her.

"Definitely to girls. And to growing up, getting over the past. Yeah, and girls."

We clank our bottles together and drink.

Twenty-Six

~ Ziah ~

I'm not sure what time I crashed last night, but this morning is the first day where my legs don't feel like lead. Last day before Spring Break. The morning of the rehearsal, though with Dylan still MIA, I'm not sure what will happen.

Dylan is too draining to think about. I'm mad and I'm hurt and I'm sorry. Those are some exhausting emotions to roll through day after day. I take a shower, spend some time on my hair, and even run mascara over my lashes.

No mid-terms today. I already have an A in English, so I'll be able to spend that class time buried in a book. I may just survive my day a little better than I've survived the week so far.

Then Alyssa picks me up with James in the backseat. The drive is tense, but we're all in the same car and no one explodes. The conversation rests on the weather, calculus, and biology. I take a deep breath when we hit the parking lot.

"We survived." Alyssa rests her arm over my shoulder as James jogs to catch up with another friend.

"We survived." It hits me hard. We'll be able to be friends, and we'll be okay. Not perfect, not the way we were before, but okay. And I guess that's enough.

School passes in a haze. We're all half on Spring Break already. I check my phone like a million times, but I guess I'm sort of resigned to silence. And I'm starting to get nervous about maybe seeing Dylan tonight.

***

Lora's handling the cancellation of her rehearsal incredibly well. Like I'm almost suspicious as she chomps down on her fiftieth carrot stick since her dinner salad.

"How hard could it be?" She smiles, but it looks a little forced. "I walk up the aisle. You all stand on either side. It'll be fine."

"What about..." Dylan?

"They're driving back from the coast tomorrow morning. Sounds like he'll be with them." She studies my face more carefully.

Hours before the wedding. "And you're okay with this?"

"I love Derrick. I want to be part of their family. So, yeah. I'm okay with this." She sits back.

"Wow." Not only are we gaining a Derrick, their family is gaining a Lora. They'd better recognize how amazing she is.

"You'd better go put on those heels and get some more practice." She nudges me with her elbow.

Yeah, I'd better because not only will I have to walk in those heels tomorrow, I'll have to walk in those heels while holding Dylan's arm.

Twenty-Seven

~ Dylan ~

I'm freaking out. Yeah, I know. I should totally be over freaking out by now, but this time it has nothing to do with the wedding, Mom, or even wanting to run away from Ziah. It has to do with seeing her and putting it all out there with her again. It's the second... third time I've had to do it, but she's worth it.

We're both worth it.

All I have to do now is hope she's not with James.

Dad and Derrick were obviously thinking ahead because they brought their tuxes with them to the beach house. Paul showed up, and now we're all decked out on our way to Vista House.

"Is she coming?" I ask Derrick.

I'd been afraid to ask him before, but I need to know. Regardless, I'll be good. I'm over it.

"Nah." He shakes his head. "It was never about that, D. I think I just needed her to know we're good-that we turned out okay without her."

I nod. "Yeah, I can kind of get that."

"Are you nervous?" he asks. He's in the passenger side of Mary. Dad and Paul are in Dad's car.

"Aren't I supposed to be asking you that? You're the one about to go down the aisle."

"And I'm seriously going to celebrate the hell out of it. I can't wait, but that's not what I mean. Rumor has it some stuff went down with you and Ziah."

A laugh jumps out of my mouth. "Rumor has it? Why don't you just say Ziah said something to Lora who then said something to you? Dumbass."

I glance over and see my brother smirk at me. I wonder if I should feel weird talking to him about Ziah, or if he's going to warn me away from her again, but I squash those thoughts quick. Somehow, I think we're past that.

"I like her a lot, but she was with James. I don't know what's going on."

Derrick sighs. "What's going on is you reacting before you think, like always. She was upset, D. Talk to her. It'll be cool."

We don't get a chance to continue because I'm pulling into parking lot of Vista House.

***

I'm outside when the limo pulls up. My heart rate kicks up a few notches. Ziah is the first one to step out. I expect to see her in her dress, but she's wearing a tiny tank top and a pair of jeans and running shoes. Only her. Her hair is all done though-curls and knots on the top of her head with little strands falling down.

Her eyes catch mine and holds them. She's got a lot of make-up on-way more than usual-but she's still gorgeous. Stupidly, I hold my hand up and give her a small wave.

"Ziah! Hurry. Derrick's not out there is he?" Lora pulls her attention away from me as I walk over to see if they need any help.

"Hey," I say to Ziah. "He's not out here."

"Hey," she says.

"Crap. I'm stuck," Lora says from inside the limo, and I hear girls giggling while they do whatever it is they're doing in there.

Ziah takes a step toward me, her face looks so uncertain. "James is just a friend. It was a project. It's not-"

"Dylan! Come here, man. I need your help." Derrick steps outside, and all the girls start screaming and yelling for him to go away because he can't see Lora.

Knowing they'll lose it, and Derrick needs me for whatever, I smile at her and touch one of those strands of hair before I turn and jog inside-already missing her.

***

I clutch my phone to my ear. "What do you mean the cakes got ruined? Don't we have like, insurance on them or whatever?" Again, I'm freaking out a little here.

The guy on the other end of the phone starts yapping like crazy, and what he's saying doesn't even matter. All I know is the cake got screwed up while they were putting it in the van, and Lora is going blow a gasket. And after all the cake I gorged myself with, I'm a little pissed about it, too.

My first thought is to tell my brother, but I also don't want to stress him out. He's tripping out about this day because he wants it perfect for Lora, but I know he really wants it perfect for both of them. He's just as into this as she is.

Ziah. She'll know what to do.

I hang up the phone, which probably isn't cool, but we've got a wedding disaster here. I mean, the cake is important, right? Lora and Derrick put way too much into it for cake-tastrophe to screw it up.

So now I'm scouring Vista House like crazy trying to find the maid of honor because I'm the best man, and it's our job to handle shit like this.

I hit the room Ziah was in last, but as soon as I raise my hand to knock my brother's voice drifts out from inside. He's not supposed to be in there.

"I love you, Stiches."

Stiches? What the hell kind of nickname is that? And wait, I thought it was like the end of the world for the bride and groom to see each other before the wedding.

"I love you too."

"Thanks for being cool about last night... Missing the rehearsal and the party."

Guilt stabs into me. I screwed up last night, but I'm fixing this cake shit.

"It's okay. It was important. You would have done the same for me and Ziah."

"Yeah, but how am I going to know when to kiss you now?"

Damn...Derrick's good.

Cake. Gotta figure out the cake. They're obviously busy and will be for a while. I turn and head down the hallway. As soon as I round the corner, I run into Ziah.

Wow... do I run into Ziah. She's in her dress this time and looks even better in it than she did when I saw her try it on. I'm man enough to admit my breath hitches a little. Girls are incredible. I wonder if this girl knows just how incredible she is.

"You look amazing." I can't help but tell her.

Pink colors her cheeks. "Thanks. We need to talk."

"We do, and I'm not trying to put it off because there's nothing I want to do more than talk to you-okay, that's a lie. Looking like that there are a lot of things I can think of to do with you instead of talking, but unless we want our siblings to lose it, we have a cake emergency we need to figure out."

She's blushing until the last thing I said hits her. "What? Cake emergency? What happened?"

That's when an idea pops into my head. The day I saw Ziah trying on the dresses, they'd eaten Voodoo Donuts. Lora brought them over one day.

"Holy shit, I'm a genius." I laugh as I do a search on my phone for their number.

"Now's not the time to be cocky, Dylan. My sister is going to go nuts if we don't have a cake."

"We do! We have a cake. Or we'll have something. I'll fix it." I'm fully aware I'm not giving her much to go on, but I want to do this. To fix my screw up last night and all my other screw ups with this wedding stuff. "It's under control. I got it."

And then on reflex, I lean forward to kiss her. She freezes and I freeze and things are suddenly awkward.

"Sorry... I just... Sorry. We'll talk." If she wants. For all I know we're over before we even really started. I'm not sure I can blame her. Or maybe we're fine. Yeah. We really need to talk. "I better go. I have to get us some donuts."

I start dialing as Dad's voice echoes in the hall. "Dylan?"

"Coming!" I give Ziah another short wave as I turn to catch Dad.

I walk away trying to figure out what I just said to her. There are a million things I want to say to her-that I need to say. For starters, I get it. Everything Derrick ever said about Lora, I get it, but I settled on 'I have to get us some donuts?' If she's even half as confused as I am, we're screwed.

***

A whole lot of money later, we have a shitload of donuts on order. Paul's picking them up between the wedding and the reception. I finish setting it all up as Derrick and Dad step into the room.

"It's time." Derrick has a huge smile on his face. Dad gives him a hug and then me. Paul and Sam are here with us, too.

Everyone files out of the room, but Derrick's lingering behind with me. "I'm nervous as hell," he says as we step into the hall.

"That's normal," I say as if I know.

"Yeah...yeah. I know. I can't wait. She's incredible. I'm going to work my ass off every day to make sure I deserve her."

I look at my brother, proud of him. He's not the douche or the sell-out I thought he was. One day I'll be lucky to be like him. "You already do, man. You got this."

Then we're ushered through a door and head up the aisle. The whole time I'm hoping I don't mess this up since I screwed up the rehearsal. We get to the front and stand where we're supposed to. The music starts, and then Lora appears. Her eyes catch Derrick's, and he smiles.

"Yeah... I got this," he whispers.

Behind Lora, Ziah steps out, somehow even more gorgeous then when I saw her a little while ago. She doesn't look up at me, but I can see the concentration on her face. I know she was nervous about the shoes, but she looks like she's doing it right to me.

"Yeah, I do too."

Twenty-Eight

~ Ziah ~

I catch Dylan's eyes as I step slowly down the stairs, and he's smiling at me, which makes my heart stutter, which I'm terrified will make my feet stumble. Miraculously I make it to the bottom. Now I'm following my sister, whose short, lace train flows out behind her, and it hits me again what a big deal this is for her. For all of us, really.

Derrick's it. My brother-in-law. My grin spreads as it hits me again that Dylan will be sort of my brother-in-law, too. Now that I'm thinking about him, I glance his way, and his eyes are still on me, making me blush. I have got to hold it together or I'm going to fall on my face.

Dad gives Lora a kiss on the cheek before putting her hand in Derrick's, and I'm amazed he remembered to do that.

In what feels like seconds, but also hours because of my shoes, I'm holding Lora's bouquet and looking at all our friends and family-Mom wiping her eyes and Dad looking both proud and stunned.

Then I turn toward Dylan's dad and the very well-dressed group sitting on the Gibson side of the room. And I think about Dylan and his mom and what a big deal it is for him to like me enough to move forward. I think about how Lora's going to laugh and love the donuts because after losing the perfect wedding cakes, it's the only way to make it better.

And Dylan did it.

I catch his eyes only once as Derrick leans over to put the ring on Lora's finger, and the way he's looking at me makes me feel like we'll be okay.

After they kiss and we cheer, it's time to touch Dylan again. I get to touch Dylan again.

"Hey," I say as I slide my arm through his for him to lead me back up the aisle. I'm an idiot. Hey?

The photographer kneels down to take pictures of us, so I plaster on the smile I know Lora would want to see.

"I'm sorry, Ziah. I shouldn't have bailed like that, I-"

"And I should have told you that James and I are talking as friends again."

It sucks that we're walking arm in arm and not talking somewhere private, but after being interrupted over and over, I can't wait.

"I just freaked. It was me."

"If you would have stayed on the phone, Dylan. I would have helped you. Gone with you, or..."

"I had to do this on my own."

I finally laugh. "Let's just say we both screwed up, is that cool?"

"Start over?" he asks as he tips his head toward mine. "Do you still want to?"

"Yeah. I want to. But no more disappearing. Talk first, okay?"

"Deal." His breath hits my neck and shoulder sending shivers through me. "I'm totally falling for you, Hanes."

I stumble, nearly fall, but he grabs my waist, holding me up. I can hear the photographer clicking away, and my face gets hot. So much for playing it cool.

Dylan's eyes meet mine. "Don't worry, Ziah. I got you."

And he does.

Right there, a few feet off the end of the aisle, I drop my bouquet to throw my arms around Dylan's neck and give him a kiss that makes Derrick and Lora look like amateurs. We'll definitely be okay.

Epilogue

~Dylan~

Lora squeals like a five-year-old when she sees the donuts. She's like a Disney princess on crack.

"You did this?" Her eyes are wide as she turns toward me.

"I shrug. Someone had to step in and save the day."

"Oh my God!" Her eyes water all up as she slams into me and chokes me with her hug. "You're the best, Dylan."

I have no idea what to do, so I stare at Ziah over her sister's shoulder before patting her back a few times. Ziah's smile hits me in really good places, and I can't wait to get her on the dance floor.

Derrick rests his arm over Ziah's shoulders, and I sort of pry Lora off me. No reason for Derrick to be so close.

I tell Lora, "I think there's another guy who wants his hands on you."

She blushes and glances at the floor. "Seriously, Dylan. Thank you."

"No problem."

Derrick winks and drops his arm from Ziah about two seconds before I grab her waist. "Dance with me, Hanes."

"I'm not gonna want to let you go," she warns with that crazy sexy smile of hers.

"I'm totally okay with that." And as she moves with me, and I breathe her in, all I can think is this isn't so bad. All of it. Having a girl and a sister-in-law. My family becoming bigger. Hell, maybe even Dad will get a girl. Not that I want to think about that too much.

I squeeze Ziah tighter and look at the smiles on everyone's faces.

I actually lied. This is better than not bad. It's perfect.

The End

