Chapter One

Ava

"You look different in the sun," I say, turning on my side so I can ogle, I mean look at, Peter. I usually walk a fine line between ogling and looking. With his long, messy hair out of his eyes and his shirt off so he can soak up the maximum amount of sun, he's pretty damn gorgeous. With my heightened eyesight he's even more amazing than before we'd swapped blood.

"So do you," he says, opening his eyes and glancing over at me. One blue, one green, a mark of being a noctalis. He tries to smile, but it's still not quite right. "How was that?"

"Still needs work." He blinks at me, which is the noctalis equivalent of a shrug, or a sigh, or an, "oh well." Sometimes it's all three. This feels like one of those times.

Even with the unpleasantness that happened here a week ago, we're sitting outside the mausoleum where I first met him. It seems like it was years ago, but it hasn't even been two months. Funny how time works like that.

"You know she's going to find a way," I say, taking the conversation to a dark place. He'd told me so many times that we'd worry about it when it happened, but I just couldn't do that. The breeze teases our hair, tossing it around, as if it agrees with me. Peter closes his eyes.

He says the same thing he's said every time I've said it.

"She is not here now, and it will take her time to come up with a plan. Enjoy the sun. Isn't it glorious?" He's so freaking cheerful, I want to ask if he got a personality transplant. Instead I puff my cheeks out and give up. For now. One day this is going to be a problem, but Peter seems content to let it go. Apparently our personalities have switched places like in some magical teen movie.

I'd been the reckless one when we'd first met. The one who, after I knew he could kill me, still wanted to hang out with him. Which I did. Multiple times. Even after he'd physically threatened me; that wasn't a deal breaker. The only way he could have gotten rid of me was to actually kill me. Which he hadn't done, yet.

And then there was his brother, Ivan, who wanted me dead at first, but then decided he wanted me alive so I could destroy Peter. They're not really close, if that wasn't clear when I first met them. But Ivan and Peter had united to face a common enemy. Their mother, Di. The enemy of my enemy is my friend and all that. We'd see how long that lasted.

Normally boys will battle to the death to protect their mother's honor. Di wasn't their biological mother, but the woman who'd made them what they are. Noctali. A word I still didn't really understand. As far as I knew, it meant that Peter had wings and he drank blood. An angel vampire.

His other brother, Viktor, was a vampire werewolf. I don't even know how that works. I had no idea about Ivan and Di. I'd never asked. Ignorance was bliss where that was concerned.

"I really need to go home." I groan, rolling up to a sitting position. I didn't want to go, but I knew I had to. At least Dad wouldn't be there and I wouldn't be subjected to smelling him. Not that my dad smelled bad. He smelled really good. Kind of delicious, and I didn't want to think about the fact that I'd started smelling other people's blood and it made my mouth water. Nope, wasn't thinking about it.

"Then you should go." I knew he wasn't human, and didn't see things the way I did, but it still stung that he didn't beg me to stay.

"Okay, then." I stand up, folding up the blanket I'd been using so my butt didn't get wet. It was nearly May, but the warm air didn't reach Maine until at least June. "Are you coming over later?"

"Why wouldn't I?"

"I don't know." I'm getting frustrated, which happens quite often with Peter. I brush a bit of grass off the blanket.

"I will be wherever you are." And then he says things like that, and my heart does this squeezy thing and I get all tingly. I want to kiss him, but don't act on it. I'm wary of anything physical with Peter. Not because I don't want to, or he doesn't want to (I think), but because I don't want him to die.

Peter can't fall in love with me. Which should give him a good enough reason to say goodbye and good riddance. There's just one problem. Neither of us can stand to be without the other one. The Claiming is kind of hard to ignore, what with him only being able to drink my blood and me wanting him to. Also the fact that I think he's the sexiest thing I've ever seen and I just want to sit and stare at him.

I'm still recovering from the last donation. I'd let him take much more than was good for me, because he'd needed it. If I wasn't careful, I was going to get anemic. We already had one sick person in the family. We didn't need another.

"See you later," I say, trying to tear myself away.

"Goodbye, Ava-Claire." I smile when he uses both of my names. He and my mother are the only people allowed to call me that. I give him a stupid little wave as I leave, but he just watches me as I walk away. I like the way he watches me. It also scares me.

Peter

I prefer to sit in the sun with Ava, but I understand she has activities that do not involve me. I respect her time, as she respects my "noctalis things," as she calls them. Before I met her, many of those things involved hunting and chasing and feeding and killing. I enjoyed that time, but I enjoy my time talking with her more. Strange how priorities can change in a heartbeat.

Hers.

I can still hear it, even though she's in her car. I could go with her, but I think she fears being with me too often. Fearing that I will end, even though I have already died. She spends a lot of time thinking about not getting too close to me. I can see it in her eyes. When she leans in and doesn't kiss me. When she smiles, and then puts it away.

If my existence were to end, I would feel peace knowing she was the one to end it for me. That does not mean I want it to end. Not anymore. I want to be with Ava, as long as I can. Even if that is one more second, I will take it.

I stay in the sun for another hour, absorbing as much as I can, feeling it sizzle through my veins, dissolving Ava's blood into fuel. If I'm not careful, I'm going to get drunk on her blood. We can get intoxicated if we have too much. It has happened to me many times, and I would rather not relive the experience. Instead of being slow and sluggish, we crave more and more and will stop at nothing to get it.

I leave my shirt off and let my wings push their way out of my back. I don't worry about someone catching me. It's hard having them away all the time, they feel strangled, constrained. I spread them out, stretching as far as I can. I can't fly until dark, but at least I can run. Tucking my wings back, I take to the woods. One of the things I like about Maine is all the undisturbed wilderness. The leaves and branches grab me, try to catch me as I go. I leave them in my wake, shattered. It is a relief to let my strength out. I have to be careful when I'm with Ava.

It takes minutes to get to her house. I approach slowly, as the building appears like a ghost from behind the trees that line the backyard. I hear two heartbeats. Ava and her mother. Both of them are strong, but her mother's is tired. She has cancer that will take her life shortly.

With our connection, emotions course through me like liquid fire.

Hers, mine.

Ours.

It is amazing to me how often they coincide. Sometimes I will feel one way and I receive another from her and we both realize and shift to try and fit the other person. She laughs and I attempt to. We are still working on that. So far, she has told me my laugh sounds like a creepy clown mixed with Lord Voldemort. Having read the Harry Potter series, and also seen a circus, I know this is not a good thing.

I can't practice laughing without her. Things aren't as funny when she isn't here.

I knock politely on the door, waiting for Ava to bound down the stairs. She opens it, face flushed with exertion. A piece of myself that she'd taken with her falls back into place, and it is easy to move my face into what I hope is a smile.

"Not bad." Her smile shines nearly as bright as the sun. I often wonder if it is the Claiming, or something greater than makes me think these things of her. It doesn't matter, either way.

Ava's mother steps in behind her and gives me a smile as well. Not as warm as Ava's, but it is still a smile.

"Hello, Claire."

She makes sure her wig is straight before saying hello. Human vanity is a mystery.

"Hello Peter, it's been so long since we saw you last." I have grown used to her and Ava's sense of humor which borders on dry.

"Mom," Ava says, giving me an apologetic look. "Come on." She doesn't wait for me to follow her into the living room. I am only allowed downstairs when Ava's father isn't home. Claire winks at me as I walk behind Ava to the room where we spend most of our time under her watchful gaze. Ava is wary of being alone in her room. Either worried her mother will get the wrong idea, or she might get too close to me. I am not sure which she is more concerned about. The residue from the night I hurt her hasn't worn off completely. I regret it now, but at the time I thought it was for the best.

"My pick," she says, going to a cabinet filled with games. We'd played Monopoly, Clue, Battleship, Life, checkers and I'd taught her chess. This time she picks a deck of cards.

"Know how to play War?"

I have seen wars, but I have never played the card game. "Not exactly."

"It's super easy." Her delicate hands open the box and her fingers flutter through the cards. Music plays in the background, streamed from her music machine I can never remember the name of. I can also not remember the name of the artist currently singing. But Ava likes her, so I don't mind. I like when she hums along with the song because she does not know she is doing it.

Ava explains the rules of the game, which are easy to grasp. We start playing and she has to remind me to slow my movements, should her mother walk in. It is a struggle to contain my noctalis instincts. The more time I spend with Ava, the more my natural movements come out. My natural noctalis movements, that is. In a way, she makes me both more human and more noctalis at the same time.

We don't speak much as we play, the only sounds are the slide of the cards on as we lay them down, the music and Ava's breathing. I could listen to her breathe forever. I look up and see her concentrating, her forehead wrinkling. I want to take my hand and smooth it away, as cute as it is. I have never used the word cute in my existence. But she is.

Like clockwork, her mother comes in and asks us if we need anything. We always say no. Claire doesn't know about my status as a noctalis, but Ava wants to tell her. Claire looks disappointed as she says that she baked some banana bread. The mention of bread makes Ava smile, but she looks sad as soon as her mother leaves.

"I'm so tired of lying to her." She leans back against a pillow, her cards fanned in front of her face.

"Then don't." She lays down a five. I put down a seven and scoop up both cards, adding them to my pile.

"I don't know if this is the best time." Her eyes are on me, and not the cards.

"Will there ever be a best time?"

"You do have a point." She lays her cards down and taps her chin with her pointer finger. Her thinking posture. I know Ava well enough to not interrupt her thinking process. She pulls at the key around her neck. The key to the trunk that contains everything from my human life that now sat on her bedroom floor. After I had brought it to her bedroom one night, she had strung it on a cord so she would never lose it. I had been right to entrust it to her care.

"Would you like me to leave?"

She sighs, expelling the air from her lungs all over me. "No, I think we need to do this like Tex. Only less, you know..." She waves her hands. I know what she means. Less swearing and sarcasm. Somehow I knew Claire would take it better than Texas.

"Ready?" I say, standing and holding my hand out to her. There is no time like the present.

"Why not?" She stands and takes my hand without hesitation. I try to send her strength for what is to come. She will need it.

Chapter Two

Ava

"Uh, Mom? I," I turn and look at Peter, "we have something to tell you." I liked to think of the secrets I kept as Things. With a capital T. Thing One was my mother's terminal cancer. Thing Two was Peter being a noctalis. Which had turned into Thing Two-and-a-half with the Claiming. It was time to tell her Thing Two's. I hoped I wouldn't regret it.

Her eyes immediately zone to my hand holding Peter's. Her eyes go wide and flick from me to him and back again. She holds onto the counter like she's going to pass out and it finally clicks. She thinks he's knocked me up.

"Oh god, not that!" I drop Peter's hand like a hot coal. Although, teenage pregnancy might be preferred to me being the First National Blood Bank of Peter, along with the other stuff.

"I hoped not." She wipes her forehead with the back of her hand.

"No, it's um, it's a little complicated. You should probably sit down." We should all probably sit down. We need to get this done before Dad gets home. I glance at the clock. I should be good, we've got at least an hour. He's at some business lunch thing. Only he would have a business thing on a Saturday. At least it gives me a chance to not smell his blood. Not that I'm thinking about that.

We go into the dining room and pick chairs, Peter and me on one side, Mom on the other.

"Ava, you're scaring me." Her eyes go wide in her pale face. Ugh, what am I doing?

No, I have to get this out. It's killing me inside, keeping this secret from her.

"I know. I've been wanting to tell you what's been up with me for so long, but I just couldn't find the right time." Bless the stars for Peter. He sits calmly in his chair, waiting for me to speak and doing his noctalis-not-blinking thing. I take a pause to collect myself. Under the table, Peter puts his hand on my knee.

"Just let me get this out and I'll answer, or Peter will answer, your questions after."

She folds her hands and takes a deep breath. "Go ahead, ma fleur, I can take whatever it is."

I take a deep yoga breath, wishing it could last forever. Only it doesn't and I have to let it out and start talking.

I give her more detail than I gave Tex when I told her. Tex also wouldn't stop saying shut the front door. Mom stays quiet, her hands clenched together, as if she's trying to hold onto something. I know she thinks I can't see it, but I can. I focus on her locked hands as I keep talking, trying to get the words out so they'll make sense.

"Is this true?" she says when I'm finished with the noctalis part. I still need to get to the Claiming part, but I needed a moment to compose myself. Mom takes this as part of the question and answer session.

"Yes," Peter responds.

"You're not human." She blinks rapidly.

"No, I am not."

Her face is as white as the tablecloth with the lace on the edges that we only use on special occasions.

"Ava-Claire?" Her attention flicks back to me.

"Yeah?" I meet her eyes timidly. I'm scared of what I might find there.

She breathes out before she speaks again. "I think I need a glass of water."

"I will get it." Peter gets up faster than he should and gets the water quicker than he should. Mom's eyes struggle to follow him, as do mine. He sets the glass down in front of her and she stares at it as if it's going to bite her.

"So it's true?"

"Yes," Peter and I say at the same time. I still can't get a read on how this is going.

"Are you okay?" She slowly reaches for the glass and takes a swig of water. Finding it not dangerous, she drains the glass. I always wonder why people think glasses of water are good in crisis situations. I guess it's working, because she looks a little calmer.

"I'm sorry, I was just under the impression that my daughter was seeing a boy who was too old, and a little odd. Come to find out that she's seeing a supernatural creature that could kill her or drink her blood. This isn't the kind of thing you think is going to happen. I kept waiting to find out your real age or that you'd been in prison. No offense."

"None taken. If I were held accountable to human laws, I would have spent several lifetimes in prison." Very helpful, Peter. I want to kick his leg under the table.

"That isn't reassuring."

"I know," he says. She traces the rim of the glass with her finger, and it reminds me of that night, not too long ago when my parents told me her cancer was terminal.

"There's more," I say, sighing.

"Please, don't tell me there's more." I want to tell her she's right. I so want to.

"It's not bad. It's just something you need to know. It's why Peter is here all the time. I just have to ask you not to freak out. Because it's already done and it can't be undone." Unless I died or became a noctalis, but I left that part out.

Her hands fold around the glass. "What is it?"

I explain, watching her eyes widen as I tell her about the Claiming. I don't put too much emphasis on the blood thing. More on the fact that it's hard for us to be apart, and that my senses are heightened. Talking about it makes me want to crawl into Peter's lap and forget everything. But I keep talking until it's all out there. Tex would pat me on the back. She's all for complete honesty. From the look on Mom's face, I'm not sure if she feels the same.

There's a silence the size of Aroostook county filling the kitchen when I'm done. I can see her trying to process everything I've said. Which is insane, because I'm still trying.

"I'm sorry to dump this on you. I didn't want to burden you, but I didn't want to lie anymore. Every time you came in and wanted to bring Peter something to eat he always said no, and I knew you thought it was because he didn't want your food or he was being rude. I wanted you to know that it was because he doesn't eat. I know that sounds crazy, but that's the way I feel." Go ahead and ramble on, Ava.

She reaches for my hand. "I'm glad you felt you could come to me. I always want you to come to me with everything." Her hand shakes. So does mine.

"And?" I wait for the 'but.'

"And I think I'm going to need a little time to think about this. Peter, you can stay as long as you want, but I need to lie down." She gets up, and she looks so worn out. Like a wrung out washcloth. God, what the hell was I thinking? She's so fragile and I'd put something too heavy on her shoulders. I'd piled it on top of her like twelve million bricks. Bricks dripping in blood. What a lovely image.

"I'm so sorry," I whisper, my voice thin as paper. Mom grabs my shoulder, her fingers digging into my skin, making me look up at her.

"Oh, ma fleur, I don't want you to regret telling me something. Honesty is the best policy. I am grateful for your honesty. And yours, Peter. Thank you." I didn't tell her about the whole thing with Di. I figured that was just too much.

"I told Tex," I say as she gets up from the table, using both hands to pull herself up.

She smirks, and I relax a little. "I bet that went over well."

"Actually, it did. She won't stop asking if Peter has brothers." I want to roll my eyes, but I'm still feeling super guilty.

"That would not be my first inclination." She casts a wary eye at Peter.

"It wouldn't be anyone's but hers." She pushes away from the table, like shoving a boat away from the shore. Her dress whispers against her skin as she walks back to her room. I can hear her uneven breathing until she closes the door.

I slump down on the table, banging my forehead.

"That was such a bad idea."

"The truth is never a bad idea." Peter puts his hand on my arm. It feels good, even through the fabric of my shirt. It's like my skin wants to forget about the suckiness of this whole thing.

"In this case, I think it is. What if I make her sick?" I turn my face so I can see him.

"She is already sick."

"You don't have to point that out, Peter, I'm aware." I hate lashing out at him, but I can't help it. I'm not going to go so far as to say this is his fault, because I'm just as responsible as he is. I was the one who kept going back to the cemetery. I was the one who wouldn't leave him alone. I also didn't stop him when he wanted to do the Claiming. I let it happen. And I'd let him feed from me. Twice. It really wasn't as bad as it sounded. It was kind of sexy. But I'd never, ever, tell Peter that.

He removes his hand from my arm and I want to pout. "Would you like to continue playing cards?"

"Not really."

"What would you like to do?" I don't know, maybe kick some puppies and steal lollipops from crying children.

Honestly? "Die."

"Do not be dramatic. I have died. It is nothing to write home about." I can't help but grin a little at his joke. Still, I can't stop thinking about my mother. I don't want to disturb her, but I wish I could talk to her and see if she's okay. I just have this horrible image in my head of her collapsing.

"You are thinking negative thoughts. I can feel them."

"I can't help it."

"I know." His fingers circle my spine. If only his touch could brush away the guilt. "Should I take you flying tonight?"

"That would be nice." It had been a while since I'd flown with Peter. I loved it, being so free, so high up. We'd talk or not talk and it would be just us and the wind and the stars. I wished we could do it in the daytime, but there was too much of a chance we'd be caught. Even if someone spotted us, the chances of anything coming of it were slim. Basically, Peter was a UFN. Unidentified Flying Noctalis.

"Can we just watch something stupid on tv, and you'll let me hold your hand?" It sounds so lame, but it's what I want. Well, what I really want is to kiss him and forget everything. But I can't do that. I don't want him falling in love with me. I should be meaner to him to make sure it doesn't happen. I'd rather hold his hand, though.

I turn on a show about pregnant teenagers and Peter sits next to me on the couch. I wait for him to take my hand. He does, and everything slips into place. I swear I can hear a clunk. And everything sorta seems like it might be okay.

Not quite. Something nags at me, and I get restless after a few minutes. "I'm going to check on my mom, okay?" I don't want to let his hand go, but I need to see how she's doing.

Peter nods and I get up, letting go of his hand. My skin goes cold for a second, but I ignore it. My mother is more important than my own comfort.

I knock on the door, but there's no answer so I push it open. Maybe she's sleeping. I peer in, cautious. What I see makes me run, my feet tripping on the cream-colored carpet.

She's on the bed, flat on her back. Her eyes are closed and her skin is crazy pale.

"Mom!" I shake her shoulder. Nothing. "Mom!" I slap her face, and she finally stirs. "What's wrong?"

"I don't know, I just feel..." She can't finish the sentence and slumps, eyes rolling back.

"Mom!" I scream.

"Here," a voice says next to me. It's Peter and he's brought the phone. I stare at it like I've never seen one before. What the hell do I do with it? Mom's voice captures my attention. She's awake, but unable to focus her eyes on my face.

"You don't need to call. I'm fine. Just a little dizzy." She barely has the strength to talk.

"You fainted. That isn't good." I can't remember the doctor's number. Before I can ask Peter, he's gone and back with the dry erase board that sits next to the phone.

My hands shake as I dial the number. It's Dr. Young's cell phone, so I should be able to reach him. It rings twice before he answers.

"Hi, Dr. Young, this is Ava Sullivan. My mom just passed out and I didn't know what to do." There's a lot of noise in the background. I think I hear a whistle.

"Is she awake now?" I hear him walking away from the noise.

"Yes."

"Okay. I want you to bring her in right away. If I'm not available, someone else will be there to see her. How long will it take you get there?"

Mom's trying to get my attention, but I ignore her. She's going to the damn hospital. "About twenty minutes."

"I'll let the nurses know you're on your way."

"Okay. Thank you." I hang up. "We're going to see the doctor."

"I'm fine. You didn't need to call him." She closes her eyes for a second. Her skin is still so pale, and there are little droplets of sweat along her wigline.

"Yes, I did." I hand the phone back to Peter. His calming energy doesn't do much for my panic. I don't know what to do?

"Can you walk?" Peter asks my mother, leaning down so he's inches away from her face. Her eyes fill with fear.

"I don't know."

"Let me carry you." She tries to shake her head.

"Oh, no. I'll be fine." Her eyes go wider as he moves his arms to pick her up.

"Mom, just let him. Please. He doesn't want your blood. Just mine." It doesn't come out the way I want it to. I wanted it to be reassuring, but it comes out wrong.

Her eyes bounce back and forth between Peter and me.

"I will not hurt you." He waits for her to nod before he gently picks her up like a wilted flower. She looks startled, but only by how easily he does it. I run around, trying to remember what I need to bring. I grab our purses and her car keys.

"Peter? I don't know if I can drive." My hands are shaking so bad, I can barely lock the front door.

"Let me."

"Are you sure?"

"My reflexes are better than yours, even if you weren't in this state."

"I'm not in a state." We're wasting time, so I cave. "Fine. Let's just go." Mom tries to protest, but it's a feeble effort. That just makes me move faster. Even when she's really sick, there is nothing feeble about Claire Sullivan.

I sit in the backseat, holding her hand and watching her face. I feel like I should be putting wet cloths on her forehead or giving her pills or something. Anything that would make me feel less helpless. And guilty.

I try not to think about the fact that this happened just after I told her about Peter. Shit, that was a stupid idea. What had I done? I should not be allowed to make decisions, ever again.

Peter pulls out of the driveway, gravel spitting from the tires. He drives fast, but not too fast. He also pretty much ignores stop signs, so we're there in ten minutes flat.

Mom looks a little better, but I'm not taking her home until the doctor checks her out, no matter how much she complains and says it's not necessary.

Her hand gripping mine is strong as we pull in front of the hospital. I direct Peter to the front door of Dr. Young's office. Peter parks the car in the fire lane and leans over the seat.

"I will be right back." It seems like hours, but it's probably seconds when he comes out of the door with a wheelchair, a nurse right on his heels. We get my protesting mother out of the car and into the wheelchair. The nurse turns to me asked what happened and I tell her. Of course, not the part about Peter. Or the shocking news she got just before the episode.

The nurse, who doesn't look much older than me, takes charge, wheeling my mother in and whisking her away to an exam room. She's wearing scrubs with kittens on them, for Christ's sake.

"You can wait here," she says, and the swinging door bangs behind her. Wait, what?

"I should go with her," I say to no one in particular.

The doors swing back and forth, the space between them getting smaller with each swing. Soon they're still. Closed. Smells assault me like arrows. The strongest is that weird cleaning solution that you never smell anywhere else outside of a hospital. There's blood, too, but it's covered up by smells of plastic and antiseptic and medicine, so it isn't appetizing. Not that it's normally appetizing. Much. I want to slam my head against the wall. Maybe I'll break my nose. Hell, I'm already in a hospital.

"You should wait here. She will be fine." Peter sits down, which is a strange thing for him to do. when it comes to sitting or standing, he always chooses to stand.

I whirl around. "She's not going to be fine, Peter. She's going to die."

"That is not your fault."

"No, but this is!" I start pacing back and forth in the waiting room. The receptionist behind the sliding glass window watches me like I'm going to pull out a gun and threaten to shoot up the place. I wonder if the glass is bulletproof.

Peter's calm voice cuts through the noise in my head. "It is not. You must not blame yourself."

"I shouldn't have told her." Here come the tears. Peter stands and pulls me into his arms, my tears soaking into his shirt. I'm overwhelmed by his cool scent, which is like inhaling a Wintergreen Lifesaver. It cuts through the haze of self-loathing, but only for a second. Then I'm right back to hating and blaming myself.

"Ava-Claire." His voice makes me look up. He's doing that thing where he kind of pulls me in with his eyes. I remember that first time he did it. I let it happen again, giving myself up for just a second. In that time, I would have let him do anything. Drain me dry if he wanted to. I'm sure he does, but wouldn't. I think.

"You cannot blame yourself for something you had no control over. It will not help you, or your mother. You need to sit down and wait." I'm working on it when my phone rings. Shit. It's Dad. He's yelling before I can even say hello.

"Where are you, where is your mother? I came home and you were both gone. What's happened?" His voice is frantic, bordering on absolute crazy. I wish he'd slow down so I can tell him.

"Mom just had a little episode. We're at the hospital."

"Why didn't you call me?" He's getting hysterical. Any minute now his voice is going to go up several octaves.

"Because we just got here." I'm trying to be calm.

There's a lot of weird sounds in the background. I have no idea what he's doing. "You should have called me right when it happened. What's going on?" Crash. Bang.

"I don't know. The nurse took her away." Stupid nurse with her kitten scrubs. How could I entrust my mother to a nurse who wore kitten scrubs?

There's a slam on the other end, as if he'd punched something. "Well, go find her! I need to talk to whoever is in charge."

"Why don't you just come over?" He growls in anger, but I hear the jingling of keys. Did my loan officer, white-bread father just growl?

"I'll be there in a few minutes. Don't let them do anything." I want to tell him that I think they pretty much go by the rule first do no harm, but jokes probably wouldn't be taken very well in this situation.

He hangs up without further ado. I sit down, putting my head in my hands.

"My dad's on the way," I say, even though Peter already knows this, having good enough hearing to have heard my dad yelling on the other line. People in California could probably still hear him. He sits next to me and rubs my back.

"That feels really nice." Tingly nice. Sexy nice. I should not be thinking sexy thoughts when my mother is in the hospital. This cements the truth that I am a horrible human being.

"Good."

"You should go." He doesn't need to be here for this.

"I am fine. The only blood I desire is yours," he says, as if reading my mind.

"Oh, right. Sorry, I'm a little freaked out." His thumbs travel up and down my spine, weaving in and out of the nubs of my vertebrae.

"It is fine."

"Ava Sullivan?" A voice says, making my head snap toward her voice. It's the nurse again. Seriously, how is she old enough to wear those scrubs?

I stand. Peter keeps a hand on my back, as if trying to restrain me. "How is she?"

"She's fine. Dr. Young wants to do a few tests, but other than that you can take her home. Is there someone else here with you?" She glances at Peter and her eyes contract a little and she takes a tiny step back. Who's afraid of my big bad boyfriend? I also notice she doesn't give me any details. Because my tiny brain might not be able to handle them.

"My dad's coming." She looks relieved that an actual adult will be on the way. She checks her ponytail to make sure it's in place.

"Good. You'll need to go to the pharmacy to get a new prescription. That should help with the fainting episodes."

"Episodes?" She looks at me like I'm a moron. I thought nurses were supposed to be caring and warm and comforting. This girl, whose name is Amber, according to her lanyard, is none of those things.

"How long will it take your father to get here?" She looks around as if we're hiding him somewhere.

"A few minutes, depending on how many laws he breaks." She doesn't smile. I really don't like this girl. An image bursts in my mind of me reaching out and snapping her neck. I take one step back and try to clear my head of it.

We sort of stare at each other for a little while, and then Dad bursts in and the adults take over. I'm shoved to the side and Dad bashes the nurse with questions. She's nicer to him, taking his arm and leading him into a corner so they can talk all serious and adult-like. It makes me want to roll my eyes, but I don't. Instead I look at Peter, who's staring straight ahead.

I don't know what to do. Clearly, Dad has this in hand, but I don't want to go until I hear that Mom's okay. Dad and the nurse talk a little more, and then the door bangs open and there she is. I want to run to her and give her a hug, but Dad gets there first. The smell of his blood floats over to me, but for once, I can ignore it.

"I'm fine, Sam. Please don't hover. I just want to go home." She puts one hand on each armrest of the chair and pushes herself up. Dad grabs onto her arms and she lets him. She can stand, and wants to do it on her own, but she'd rather let him feel like he's useful. Her eyes seek his, to reassure him that she's fine. Then she finds me, reaching out, struggling to find my hand. I give it to her, relieved that her grip is strong and warm.

"I'm fine. Stop worrying. You'll get wrinkles in that pretty forehead. Thank you, Peter." She looks at him, and Dad finally notices Peter. Great, this is just the place I wanted to do this.

"Who is this?" Dad looks at each of us in turn, searching for answers. Mom speaks first.

"This is Ava's friend, Peter." Such a benign word, friend. Sounds safe.

Dad flounders for a second, taking Peter in. At least he's wearing shoes. Black sneakers he must have swiped from someone who rides a skateboard. I try to see what he would see, looking at Peter for the first time. Torn t-shirt, dirty jeans, messy hair in his eyes. I want to push it back so Dad can see those eyes I love so much, but I can't. Because Peter is my friend. Friends don't let friends touch each other's hair and gaze adoringly.

"Oh. It's, um, nice to meet you, Peter." I feel like Peter and my father should shake hands, but they don't. Dad is still to focused on Mom.

"It is nice to meet you, Mr. Sullivan. I was hoping it would be under different circumstances." There should be slightly awkward and uncomfortable laughter, but there isn't. There's just silence so thick my mother is the only one who dares to wade through it.

"Peter had just stopped by when I felt a little faint. He carried me to the car and drove us here. He's quite the gentleman." Since when did my mother become a Peter fan? Not that I'm complaining, but still. Less than an hour ago, she was scared to have him touch her and now she's singing his praises. Dad looks befuddled. This is too much for him to take in now, but in a few hours he's going to figure this out and then I'm in for it.

Dad rubs Mom's back and speaks to her like she's mentally challenged. "I'll take you home in my car. Ava, can you drive your mother's car home?"

"Sure."

"Okay, we'll see you there." And off they go, Dad taking most of Mom's weight and hitting the handicap door button so it will open for her. I look around, thinking there should be paperwork or something, but no one stops us as we walk out.

Dad's already got Mom in the passenger seat, tenderly buckling her seatbelt. "I didn't want you to meet my dad like that, but I guess we don't have to hide anymore," I say to Peter.

"He does not like me." He says it like he's making an observation on the weather.

"What gave you that impression? My dad loves you." I can't help the sarcasm. He's used to it, and I don't think I've ever me anyone who gets less offended than Peter.

I'm good enough to drive, so I do, Peter sitting in the passenger side and holding my hand when I'm not shifting.

I have to turn on the radio, because I can't stand to hear my own thoughts. All they do is plague and taunt me. I scream at them, telling them to shut the hell up. Like all the other Things I'd dealt with, they just talk louder. Little bastards.

Katy Perry comes on and I sing along, not caring if I can't carry a tune. Peter just holds onto my hand and doesn't say anything and doesn't breathe. You'd think this would be disturbing, but it isn't. It's comforting.

Dad's car is in the driveway when I get home, even though he had to go to the pharmacy. I may have driven a little slower than normal. It's not that I didn't want to go home. I just don't want to face what's waiting for me. I have to deal with the guilt that I made my mother sick, and I'm going to get interrogated by Dad about Peter. Good times.

"You should probably go, unless you want to get yelled at or shot by my dad."

"Your father doesn't scare me. Nor do bullets." A brief image of my dad standing on the porch with a shotgun flickers through my mind. It should be funnier than it is.

"I know, but my father scares me, and he's not in a good state. If you want, you can go fly for a while and I'll come upstairs. I might even be inclined to let you have a little taste." I give him what I hope is a flirtatious smile. It doesn't feel right, so I drop it. I fail when it comes to sexy.

"I do not need it. But thank you for the offer. I will be waiting for you." He vanishes and re-appears to open my door.

"Do you ever get bored?"

"Not when I am waiting for you." For an angel vampire, he's awful sweet. I sigh and go to face my problems. Or at least some of them.

Chapter Three

Peter

I fly in loops around the house, waiting for her. I dip low, so I can hear their voices. It does not concern me that her father might not like me. It should matter because it is important to Ava, even if she would not admit it. I am not used to trying to get along with humans. To impress them.

For now, I concentrate on trying to make Ava feel better. She has a human need to blame herself for things out of her control. Perhaps it is part of possessing a soul, something I don't have. I had not thought about it much since my second incarnation. Now I think of it all the time.

In most mythologies, a human is comprised of two things, a body and a soul. When the body dies, the soul remains. Something that can survive without a body that goes on to another place.

But I have a body that can exist forever. It has taken the place of my soul. So would it not be the other way around? One cannot have both an eternal body and an eternal soul. It would tip the balance too much, and the world is all about balance, belief in God or not. Out of seeming chaos, there are patterns, order. So it would stand to reason that I would be the opposite of a human. Eternal body, a soul that can die. I don't believe I deserve a soul.

I perch on the roof, leaving my wings out so the breeze streams through the feathers, making a sound only I can hear. Inside the house, Ava and her father try to keep their voices down. Afraid of disturbing her mother, who they believe is sleeping. Judging by her breathing and hear heart rate, she is not.

I have a spur-of-the-moment impulse, and leap from the roof. I find my shirt and slide my wings out of sight before I put it on. There are two windows leading into Claire's bedroom. Softly, I tap on the window. She looks up, startled, squinting in the dark before flicking the light on. She sees me and swallows once. Her heart rate picks up.

I slide the window up a little so I can talk without her feeling threatened.

"Please, don't get up. I just wanted to speak with you." I use the voice I'd once used to lure victims. Comforting and smooth.

"If you hurt me, I'll scream." Her eyes flick to the door, calculating how fast it will take her husband to reach us, should something occur.

"I am not here to hurt you. I would never hurt someone Ava cares about." She relaxes a bit, and raises one eyebrow, a feat I have yet to conquer.

"You know I'm going to die anyway. You'd just be speeding up the inevitable." She shares Ava's wry sense of humor.

"I know. I do not wish to hurt you. I wanted to speak about Ava, and I did not think she would like me doing so." She sighs.

"Yes, I know." She sits up, propping a pillow under her back.

I push the window open a few more inches. "May I come in?"

"I suppose." I move as slowly as I can so as not to startle her.

"I don't remember the last time I had a boy sneaking in my window," she says with a smile. The mood lifts a little.

"It cannot have been that long ago." She can't be much more than forty-three.

"Flattery will get you everywhere, young man." She stops, realizing what she'd said. "I guess you aren't really a young man. I'm really not comfortable with that age difference. It's illegal in all 50 states and Puerto Rico, I believe."

"There were no such laws when I was human." Men married women young enough to be their granddaughters. Especially when there was money involved.

"That isn't helping your case."

"I would like to talk to you about what happened tonight. Ava believes she caused your illness by telling you about our relationship." I try taking a breath in. The air whistles in my lungs, but she can't hear it.

"I know." She sighs again. "She's always been that way. Taking on more than she should. My strong girl. Seems like she's taken on a lot from you, as well." She waves her hand to indicate my person.

"I would not have chosen it for her. It was out of necessity." I need to make this clear to her. That it wasn't a choice either of us had taken lightly.

"For you, or her? Because I have a hard time believing you have a benevolent spirit." I have no spirit at all, but I do not say that.

"For her. I would have been content to end my existence, but she stopped me."

"Why did you do it? Why not just leave her alone?"

"I ask myself the same question every day." It is the only answer I can give her. It is not enough.

"Of course she did." Her hand goes to her head, as if it aches. It is time to go.

"I will leave you now. Unless you have questions for me. Ava always seems to."

A tiny smile lifts her pale lips. "Did she make a list?"

"Yes."

"What am I going to do with that girl?" She laughs and shakes her head. "If I think of one, I'll ask her. You're not going to turn into a bat, are you?"

"No. Ava asked me that, too. I believe Bram Stoker is responsible for that particular piece of lore." Ava had given me a copy of Dracula to read. I'd avoided the book for many years, but was pleasantly surprised by the story.

"Hm," she says, as if she's thinking about something else.

"Goodnight." I move too fast for her eyes to follow, and she's startled when I am no longer in the room.

She pauses, as if to say something else, but doesn't. I close the window behind me and the light goes out.

Ava

Dad and I end up whisper yelling for almost an hour. I'm absolutely exhausted by the end and don't even have to fake that I'm tired. Somehow, my voice is also hoarse from the confrontation. I spent a lot of time defending myself, Peter, even Mom. Not to mention he reamed me out for not handling the episode the correct way. Otherwise known as his way.

He didn't approve of me having Peter over at all, even though, as far as he knew, Peter had just "dropped by." I guess I'd also screwed up by driving to the hospital and not calling for an ambulance. The scent of his blood teased me, making my head muddled and my temper even shorter than it was normally.

I didn't bother telling Dad that it would cost $400 if we'd called the ambulance, even with our insurance. The fact that I'm 17 and know how much an ambulance costs was not something I wanted to think about. I didn't want to do much more thinking. I just wanted to hang out with Peter in my room and have him read to me, or have him sit there and listen to me go on and on without interrupting. He was so good at that. He was good at a lot of things.

But he'd said we were going flying tonight. The thought of that made me shiver with anticipation as I stormed up the stairs. I wanted to say goodnight to Mom, but I wasn't going to wake her up. She'd been through enough and didn't need me reminding her of the awfulness from earlier. Dad would take such good care of her, she'd have care coming out her ears.

I pull my phone out of my back pocket, but the screen's black. After the hospital ordeal, I'd turned it off. Which means that I've probably got a million missed messages from Texas and Jamie. Yup, ten from Tex, but one from Jamie. It had been forever since we'd talked.

Instead of texting him back, I hit speed dial and park myself at the top of the stairs outside my room.

"Hey you," I say when he picks up. "Long time no talk."

"Hey Ave." Hearing his voice is like drinking a warm cup of tea with tons of honey. There's a reason Jamie and I have been friends for so long. Back before this whole Thing with my mother and Thing with Peter, I used to tell Jamie everything.

"I've missed you lately."

"I know, you've been a busy girl." I can feel the hurt in his voice. I swallow a lump of guilt.

I want to spill about Peter and the hospital ordeal, but I can't. Not yet. "How are things? How's Cassie?"

"She's really good. The baby started moving, so that's a good sign."

"Do you know if it's a boy or girl?"

"Not yet. She wants a boy so she can name it Jamie." My heart squeezes. How sweet.

"We need to hang out soon. As in this week."

"Definitely. It's been ages since I had my best cheerleader at one of my meets."

"Just don't make me wear the skirt and I'm there."

"I know." There's a pause in the conversation where I want to tell him. Something, anything. I want it so much, but instead I say, "I'll talk to you tomorrow. Say hi to Cassie and the baby for me."

"I will."

Click. I sit for a second on the steps, thinking about Jamie. I want to do something for him. Once, Brett Kormier was teasing me about my black hair and Jamie drew me a picture of Brett with snakes coming out of his head. It sounds silly now, but back then it was one of the nicest things anyone had done for me. I'll have to come up with something. Dinner at Miller's isn't going to cut it.

Peter's reading when I open the door. He'd blown through most of my books by now, and I have to keep going to the library to get more. I'd go to bed and he'd be reading one book, and in the morning there would be a stack on my floor. He'd mentioned to me once that he used to break into the library and steal books. I told him to stop, and I'd do it the legal way. The crazy thing is that he'll read everything from vampire romances to literary fiction to histories of the civil war. Which was kinda smexy.

"Watcha reading?" He's leaning against the ancient trunk that holds all his worldly goods. Flakes of rust and dirt fleck the floor, but I don't mind. I pull at the key around my neck. I was never going to take it off. It opened the most precious thing I had been entrusted with. Peter's human memories. He'd showed them to me once, but I hadn't touched them since. They were too private. Too intimate. His.

He holds up the cover of the book. It's a historical fiction featuring a woman from World War Two traveling back in time to Scotland. I wouldn't exactly say it's a bodice ripper, but there are quite a few steamy scenes in it. Good thing Peter doesn't blush, or get offended by that sort of thing. I doubt if a woman stripped completely naked in front of him, that he would even have a reaction. Not that I was going to test the theory. I didn't want to take the chance of getting that close to him. Although, one glance at me naked might squash any ideas about love.

"Have you gotten to the sexy parts yet?"

"No." His eyes race over the page, and he turns one every few seconds. I have no idea how he can read that fast, but there are a lot of things Peter can do that I don't understand.

He puts in a bookmark and looks up at me.

"How was Jamie?" Of course he'd heard the whole conversation. But he was polite enough to pretend that he hadn't.

"He's good. I need to stop neglecting him. Any ideas?" He thinks for a moment before looking up at me. "You could make him earth-shattering cheesecake." His suggestion makes me smile.

"There's an idea." Actually, it's not too bad. I file it away for potential use.

He closes the book with a snap. "Ready to fly?" I toss on a coat and an extra pair of pants, gloves and a hat.

"Yes." I almost throw myself into his arms. I absolutely love touching his skin and I'm bummed I have to wear so many layers. Peter's skin is sorta waxy. I like the feel of it warming under my hands. He scoops me up like he did my mother. No, I'm putting today to the back of my mind. I'm flying with Peter now. Nothing more, nothing less.

I keep my eyes open as he runs off the roof and takes to the air. It's just as much of a rush as the first time, and I wonder if I'll ever get used to it. I hope not. I really hope not.

We don't talk as he takes us higher, the air poking under my clothes, even through my layers. I learned the hard way the first time that I can never have too many layers.

"It wasn't your fault," he says in my ear when we're at cruising altitude. I was now free to speak to the noctalis.

I rub my face into his shirt, trying to use his scent to burn everything else away. "Feels that way."

"You cannot cure cancer, as much as you want to." An idea strikes me, and I voice it before I can second guess it.

"You could." It's the first time I'm saying it out loud. Pretty sure it's lingered in my subconscious since I met him and only now decided to sneak into the main part of my brain.

"No." He knows what I'm thinking. He does most of the time. But not all of the time.

"You could, though."

"I would not. This is not a life. It is an endless, soulless existence." That's not the point.

"I know, but you could. I'm not asking you to. Just saying that it could happen." I am not, I repeat, not saying that this should happen. I can't imagine a world where my mother was a noctalis. But the thing is, two months ago I never could have imagined noctali existing at all. So there.

"But it would not."

"You're impossible." He doesn't respond and I tighten my hold on him. He feels so solid and so right that I never want to let go. Even when he's arguing with me.

I haven't told him about the decision I'd made when his mother tried to kill me. When she'd said she would release him from his promise to not love anyone but her, and he'd chosen me instead.

I loved him, and I would never love anyone else. In every way you could love a person. Or non-person. I just hadn't told him. I didn't want to burden him any more than I already had with my stupid human weaknesses.

Peter was so hard to read, but I knew he was capable of feelings. Of love. I just didn't know if he'd give it to me. I wasn't sure if I wanted it, even if he could. What would Peter loving me be like? I didn't know. There were so many things I didn't know.

The house was dark and desolate when we returned. I was chilled to the bone, so I cranked the heat in my room. My teeth chattered as I tucked myself into bed. Peter kept his wings out and his shirt off. I liked staring at his wings. They were both pretty and majestic. I still couldn't get over the fact that they were real. That he was real.

"Peter?" I say, stroking one of the iridescent black feathers.

"Yes?"

"You're not falling in, you know..." I don't want to say the L word. Because I might jinx it. I don't want to think it because then he will think it and if he does, he's going to die. I have no idea how this works, or how it will happen, but I don't even want to take the chance.

"Do not worry, Ava-Claire. I keep my promises." This is both relieving and heartbreaking at once.

I pull the covers up to my chin, pulling myself away from him. "Is there any way out of it, without having Di release you?"

"If she ended." He leans back to see my face, looking like a god fallen to Earth. My vampire angel.

"So why don't you just kill her?"

There is a pause that feels like a sigh. "It is not as easy as that. She would have to break a promise she made."

"Do you know if she's made any?" I think I already know the answer.

"No, I do not."

"Is there any way to find out?"

"Not that I know of." Geez, make a little less effort, Peter.

"So that's it, then?" She just gets to live forever and have him as her love slave? No flipping way.

"Yes." Way to slam a door on my attempt to fix this, Peter.

"Well, that just sucks." I'm starting to warm up and feel really sleepy, but my brain is wide awake. The stress of the day finally catches up with me and it's like being run over by a train. Only a train made of ugly, metal-clad thoughts.

"It does indeed," he says, picking up a book and effectively ending the conversation.

I don't like sleeping with the light on, but I like it when I wake up and can see him sitting on my floor reading.

I am tired, but as I try to sleep, my thoughts keep whirling like a hurricane that howls and demands my attention. I try to ignore it, but eventually it takes over. I lay there listening to Peter turn the pages of one of my books and that's what finally does it. Better than counting sheep.

Chapter Four

Peter

I wait until she is deep enough that the chances of her waking up are slim before I leave. I don't want her to wake while I am gone. Her anxiety is palpable, and I do not like to contribute to it.

I meet with Viktor in the woods outside of Ava's house. He has been staying in Maine with me so he can help keep watch for Di, or whoever she might try and send to do what she couldn't accomplish. Ava is right, Di will find a loophole.

"Are you well?" Viktor's formal greeting is as much a part of him as his accent and his stoic facade. He must have been similar in his human existence.

"I am well." I answer him just as formally.

"And the girl?"

"Well."

"Have you seen our brother?" He turns without asking me if I want to take a walk. Whereas I prefer to stay still, Viktor likes to keep moving. We duck under the cover of the trees on the edge of Ava's property. The darkness swallows us like a mouth with jagged tree-teeth.

"Not since that night," I say.

"He and I had a conversation. He has gone to Nevada to gorge himself on homeless people." I can imagine Ava's reaction to this statement. It makes me want to smile. I would try, if she were here.

"What did you speak about?"

"He is still intent on destroying you."

"Did you tell him that was not a wise decision?"

"He did not care." Typical Ivan.

"He is single-minded when it comes to something he wants." That was true. He has held a grudge against me for almost a hundred years because of one girl. Josephine. Her name haunts me.

I had been making my way through France and had quite a time in the countryside. Young, freshly changed and reckless, I killed entire villages, burning them down when I was done with the bodies. I'd stack them up in the biggest building and set it on fire. The roofs were thatched, which made it easy as striking a match.

Josephine's village was along a narrow road in the countryside, filled with barns and sheep and fields. Her house was the third I visited that night. I do not recall who I killed or how many, but I remember smelling Ivan. I had met Viktor a few months before, and had traveled with him in Paris where I met Ivan. I was surprised to smell him in a human village. I was hesitant to enter the house, but the smell was several hours old. I wondered why he had been there if the family was still alive. I was perplexed, but only for a fraction of a second.

I took the entire family, including the girl who had been sleeping in the room under the eaves, her hands curled under her chin and a sweet smile on her face. Her eyes flew open when I bit into her neck. I felt her heart race, but it made me drink faster. I had had so many people at that point, I was intoxicated and could not stop. She tried to scream, but I had my hand over her mouth.

The rest of her family was already dead, but she hung on, struggling feebly as I sucked her life away like a drowning man drinks air when his face breaks the water's surface.

When I was done with her, I threw her body out the window into the street, like an empty food container. There was an inhuman sound in the street at the appearance of her body. A noctalis sound. Ivan.

He crouched in the street, pulling at her crushed body. Sobs tore through him, but there were no tears. We cannot cry.

"You did this," he told me when I flew down from the window. People who saw me with my wings extended often thought I was an angel. It was much easier to feed when they fell at your feet in supplication. Screams filled the street, people rushed to catch their children and a bell clanged in the distance. A warning.

"I will never forgive you for this. I swear that someday, when you care for someone, I will destroy her. I will destroy you, because you have destroyed me." He crouched over her body and whispered something so soft, even I could not hear. Townspeople streamed around us, screaming and carrying on. Neither Ivan nor I noticed them. The struggles of the human race were far removed from us. Their lives were short. Ours were not.

He kissed her head, on the only place clear of blood and licked her cheek, getting one last taste of her blood. Then he turned and ran. I set the village on fire and took to the woods. I did not see Ivan again for many years.

"Would you like to run?" Viktor brings me back to the present. It is dangerous to get too tangled in the past.

"Yes." I liked the woods in Maine, so full of sounds, but so quiet at the same time. I wanted to take Ava up north sometime, to take her into the wilderness that other humans could not reach. To let her feet touch the sacred ground.

Ivan and I could run until the end of time and never get tired, but we don't. Without speaking we turn back to the house after only a few hours. I must get back to Ava before she wakes up.

I do not remember what it was like to be tired. Sometimes, I wish I did. I wished I could feel pain again. At least, pain of the body. It is strange what you miss when you are no longer mortal.

Ava

I'm grumpy when I wake up the next day. I ended up having a terrible dream that I couldn't remember in the morning, no matter how hard I try. My phone buzzes with a good morning text from Jamie. I send him a smiley back.

"So other than cheesecake, I'm trying to figure out what to do for Jamie," I say, toothbrush in my mouth. He has magical understanding abilities, even when I have a toothbrush in my mouth.

I turn away from my face in the mirror. Yurgh. Not a pretty sight. I hold my hair out of the way and spit.

"I wish I could just give him a bunch of money, but he'd never take it. Although..." My fingers drum on my chin. "I could do something and then not tell him. Something he couldn't return."

He's reading again, this time the fourth book in the Scottish series. "He seems very fond of his vehicle." I almost smack myself for being so dense. Jamie's truck. He'd been wanting to get it detailed or get a new paint job forever.

"How much does a paint job cost for a truck?" Like he'd know. He just blinks. How did I predict that one?

I boot up my computer and do a quick search for local car detailing. Yikes. That crap's expensive. At least a couple hundred bucks. No way I could afford that.

"You could sell some of my things." I jump. Peter's reading over my shoulder from a few feet away. Because he doesn't have to get close to read the tiny computer print.

"I'm not selling your stuff."

"It is not mine anymore." I meet his eyes and nearly get lost in them. One of these days I'm going to gel his hair back, just to see what happens.

"The trunk may be in my room, and I may have the key, but those are your things. Your life. I'm just keeping it safe for a while." My hands twist the cord with the key on it.

He puts his hands on mine, cradling them to his chest. "I belong to you." He leans forward and places his lips on my knuckles. I put my face in his hair. It always smells clean, even though he almost never showers.

"Guess I'll just have to work a little bit harder. I'll ask Tex for more hours." I'd only been doing a few days a week randomly after school at her parent's bookstore. I was full time in the summer, but I'd burned through a lot of that money on my own stupid car.

"I could get a job."

I snort. Picturing Peter flipping burgers at the Dairy Queen was kind of hilarous.

"No one would hire you." I run my fingers through his hair.

"You are probably right."

"I'm always right."

"That feels very nice." He pushes his head against my hand. I giggle, wrapping my fingers in his hair and giving his head a little yank.

"I don't know how your hair hasn't turned into dreadlocks. Mine would." I try to get my hand through the mass of curls that have wrapped around themselves. I can't.

"I could untangle your hair."

"Sure, go ahead." He grabs a brush from my nightstand, as I turn in my chair. His fingers plunge into the mass of hair, pushing some aside so he can start with one section at a time. The first stroke snags and makes me wince.

"You have to start from the bottom," I tell him. Much better. The only sound is the slide of the brush through my hair. I close my eyes and let it happen. Of course I have to ruin the nice moment with a question that had been bothering me since yesterday.

"How do you die?"

His hand stops halfway through a brushstroke. "We turn into ash."

"As in, 'ashes to ashes and dust to dust'?" I stomp on the image of it happening to him as it tries to form in the back of my mind. I'm not letting that happen.

"Yes."

"That doesn't sound very nice." It sounds awful.

"It isn't," he says as if he knows. I don't ask anything else as he brushes the rest of my hair.

"What happens to me if you..." I can't say it.

"The bind will stay intact. You are protected, whether I exist or not." I don't know if I find this comforting or not. We lapse into silence again, the only sound the brush through my hair.

When he's done, I put it up in a ponytail, turning to the side to make sure it's centered. "I guess I'll see you in a little while. I really don't want to go downstairs, but I kinda have to."

"It will be fine. You'll see." I turn around to face him, my face breaking into a smile before I can stop it. I should really try harder not to get so close to him. It's like dancing next to an open flame.

"You just need to keep saying things like that to me. I might start to believe them."

"Then I will keep telling you." His eyes don't try to snag mine, so I'm free to stare into their depths for a moment. The blue one reminds me of the perfect color of a cloudless sky. The green is like clear beach glass from an old bottle, with tiny flecks of gold mixed in. They're much prettier than mine.

"See you later.," I say, trying not to kiss him. I settle for creepily touching his shoulder.

"Until then, Ava-Claire." God, I love how he says my name. It suddenly becomes the sexist name in existence when he says it.

It takes me hours to get down the stairs because I'm listening to gauge what I'm walking into.

Instead of my mother making pancakes or waffles and humming, Dad is frying eggs and bacon. Yuck. He knows how I feel about bacon, but he's cooking it anyway. At least it overwhelms the smell of his blood, which I think I'm getting used to. I don't say anything as I walk in the kitchen.

"Your mother is doing better," he says, beating me to the punch. He winces as a spray of bacon grease flies through the air. That stuff is not only gross, it's dangerous. It should come with a warning label and a Hazmat suit.

"Good." I hover in the doorway, wondering if I should escape to the living room. Or just go up and hibernate in my room. My phone buzzes again. Tex. Gah, why won't she leave me alone? I flip it open, just so I don't have to talk to Dad. She's pestering me about the supposed date she wants to go one with me and Peter and Viktor. Like that's going to happen.

Come on, I neeeeedddd to kno! At least she hadn't used all caps. I take a breath as I imagine smashing her head open on the hood of her car. I hate, hate, hate those violent images. Hate them. I react by sending her a rude text.

Lay off!

I feel bad the second after I send it and hurry to send a second message.

Sorry. home stuff. lot going on. forgive?

She responds right away.

maybe. do I get a date with Viktor?

Does she ever give up? I'm going to regret sending this response, but I can't take it anymore.

Maybe.

REALLY?!!!!

I said maybe.

OMFG!! have 2 go and pick out sexy underwear!

I don't bother texting her back. There's no point. Tex goes full-throttle. Go big or go home.

"Hello, ma fleur." Mom's tired voice sings down the hall, seconds before her sleepy face peers around the corner.

"How are you?" I want to crush her in a hug, but don't want to actually crush her. Carefully, I fold myself into her fragile arms. I'm so afraid she's going to break if I so much as breathe on her. She's not even wearing a wig, just a scarf wrapped around her head and a robe.

"Claire, you need to get back to bed."

"Oh Sam, stop worrying." I'm taken aback. She almost never scolds him like that. Usually, to placate him, she goes along.

"Claire." His voice is pleading instead of firm.

"Stop." She says it in a flirty voice, putting her arms around him. She adds a smile and his worried face melts into an answering smile. Bravo. My mother and her feminine wiles.

While we're all distracted, the bacon starts to burn and the smoke alarm goes off. Lots of towel waving and screaming about grease fires ensues. When things calm down, Mom takes over the breakfast preparations. Thank god for small mercies.

She rescues the eggs, but the bacon is a lost cause. It makes my stomach turn to smell it, so I volunteer to take out the trash so I don't have to. When I come back in, she's sprayed some deodorizing spray that's vanilla lavender. It's delicious, but doesn't quite mask the burned bacon and blood smell. It seems nothing will work on the latter.

We all eat our eggs and toast at the dining room table. I can't remember the last time we all ate breakfast together. It's kinda quiet, but Mom makes a valiant effort to talk about stupid things. None of us mention the day before. Dad and I kind of took care of that last night. I'd rather not have a replay.

I volunteer to do the dishes, but I usually do them, so it's not that much of a big thing. Still, Mom kisses my forehead and thanks me for being so helpful. It's nice to be thanked for something.

"I think I'm going to sit in the garden for a little while," she says after putting on some old jeans and a ratty sweater. Dad protests, of course, but he's quickly overruled.

I carry out a chair and bring her an umbrella to protect from the sun. She gets a hat and a thick coat and a glass of water and a cell phone. You know, in case of cold or zombie apocalypse. I should have given her a shovel.

"Do you need anything? A garden boy named Carlos to cater to your every whim?"

"That would be nice," she says, smirking. She drops it quickly, glancing back at the house. "Can I talk to you about something before your father comes out and drags me back inside?" She looks back again, making sure he's not hovering.

"Yeah." I have the feeling that I'm not going to like this conversation. Much like the one where she told me where babies come from.

"I'm not sure how I feel about this Peter situation. It didn't go over well with your father. He's convinced Peter is going to rape you and get you pregnant and then run away. Or that he's going to sneak into the house in the middle of the night and rob us blind."

The mental image of Peter sneaking into the house in a mask makes me want to laugh. "None of those things are going to happen."

She leans back in her chair and closes her eyes. "I know that, and you know that. But he doesn't. I think it's going to take time for him to warm up to the idea. Is there any way we can do a formal dinner?" What did she mean by formal? Not that I wouldn't love to see Peter in a tux.

"Not really. I've never asked him if he could eat food in an emergency, but I really don't want to go there."

She considers for a moment. "Hm. I'll think of something. We need a good way to make your father like him." Yesterday morning, she had found out that the guy I was spending time with wasn't human. Today, she was trying to find a way to invite him over for dinner. How was that possible?

I snort. "I don't think that is ever going to happen."

"Now, now. You're father has been through a lot. He hasn't been himself lately." She takes a small sip from her water glass. I don't like to point out that none of us have. There is no manual for this, no way anyone can prepare you for losing your wife or your mother to cancer. Doesn't mean he has to act the way he does.

"Maybe Peter has a good idea."

"Maybe." She doesn't sound convinced.

"He's really not what you think. I totally thought he was going to be all bloodthirsty, but he isn't. I just want you to be okay with it, because I'm okay with it and I want you to be." I'm rambling, the words falling out of my mouth before I can catch them.

She opens her eyes. "I'm not sure if I want to talk to you about his blood taking activities."

"It's not what you think." I still blush. Talking about the blood sharing is kind of like talking about sex.

She's skeptical. "It never is."

"I don't know." I say, just for something to say. I hope this is over. I just wanted to make sure I hadn't done too much damage yesterday. "You're okay? Really?"

"Yes and no." She sounds like Peter.

"But -" I start, but she waves her hand to dismiss me. "You can go in now. Interrogation over." I snap my mouth shut and walk backward to the porch. "You're not as scary as you think you are." I'm trying to keep it light.

"That's all part of my secret identity. Mwahahaha." I laugh at her attempt at an evil chuckle. She could never pull it off.

I leave her to her plants. Well, they're not here yet, but there are lots of things to prepare. I should probably learn more about gardening. Because there's no way those plants are going to die when she's not here. I'll hire a Carlos before that would happen.

Dad's tucked away in his office, doing loan officer things that he likes to put off until the weekend so he has an excuse to hole up in there. He's so transparent.

I have the living room to myself, so I crash on the couch. I could go out and have an impromptu date with Tex, but I'm having one of those days when I don't want to do anything. I want to eat ice cream or pie (or both) and watch stupid movies I've seen a million times. I also want to cuddle with Peter, but you can't have everything.

I call a local car place and get a quote about how much it would cost to do Jamie's truck. I nearly fall over when they quote me $300. I thank them and hang up. Yeah, I'm definitely going to have to put in some more hours at the bookstore. I send a message to Tex and she responds with about a million exclamation points. Anything to save her from being alone with skeevy Toby and his weirdness.

I could get dressed. But I don't want to. I'm missing Peter and feeling frumpy.

I grab an extra pillow and an old quilt and curl up with them, a box of crackers, a glass of ginger ale and a few peanut butter cups I'd hidden away in the pantry for chocolate emergencies. I grab the DVD remote and my lazy Sunday is off and lazing.

The clock ticks away slowly, and I'm bored. Mom had been dragged back inside by Dad mere minutes after she'd gone out. He'd forced her to take some weird vitamins he'd found and put her to bed. I'd given her a sympathetic look as she walked by.

One movie finishes and I start another. A stupid fluffy girl movie. It wasn't what I wanted.

I wanted to be in the cemetery with Peter, or baking with my mother. She'd checked off a bunch of items on the list she'd made of things she wanted me to learn before... I still had a hard time even thinking the d word.

I was going to get used to it real soon. Not that we had a definite timetable. About four months left. I wasn't looking forward to this winter without her. But I'd slay that dragon when I got there.

"Are you feeling okay?" Mom's voice would have made me jump if I wasn't already so used to being startled by Peter. It probably wasn't a good thing for my self-preservation skills. They weren't all that great to begin with. Exhibit A: Peter.

"Yeah. Just in a funk." My master plan to lose myself in the pink cotton-candy movie was futile anyway.

"Well, we need to un-funk you. How about dinner out?" She leans her forearms against the back of the couch. She's less pale, but still a shadow of how she'd looked two years ago. The change had been so gradual, I almost hadn't noticed.

"That would mean I'd have to change out of these sweatpants." I gesture at my attire.

"You should get some of those jean-legging things. Then you wouldn't have to."

I narrow my eyes. "I refuse to subject myself to jeggings."

She picks up a pillow and swats me with it. "Suit yourself. We need to get you out and doing something. Something that doesn't involve sitting around and moping about a boy."

"I'm not moping about a boy."

I'm totally moping about a boy.

She pulls a thread off the pillow. "Well, the definition of boy is debatable, but still. You need sunlight and other people." I hate how right she is. I'd let myself get sucked into being around Peter, and blamed it all on the Claiming. But I'm still my own person. Only my blood belonged to Peter. And maybe a few other pieces of me. Like my heart.

"Got anything on your list?" She squints her eyes and taps her chin.

"Well, there is one little thing." She holds up on finger and crosses her eyes as she looks at it.

"What's that?"

She points the finger at me. "You, my dear, are going to learn how to put on lipstick and eyeliner like a pro."

"I don't wear make-up." Mascara didn't count. Anyone could do mascara.

"Someday you might want to. It's a useful skill to have." She takes my arm, and I have no choice but to comply. Not that it's going to be torture, exactly. I wear make-up sometimes, but I'd never managed that effortless look that so many girls pulled off. I sigh and get my ass off the couch.

To my mother's vanity table we go. It's in the corner of her bedroom, right across from the treadmill my father bought but never uses. The vanity is white and peach to match the rest of the decor, and complete with a frilly white chair she pushes me into. I stare at the array of bottles and jars and containers and pens and pencils. Intimidating. Tex had tried to get me to line my eyes, but I'd been too afraid of poking myself or getting an eye disease. The words, It is always darkest before the dawn, hover on the wall. I look away from them.

"Okay, so the first thing to do is pick what kind of liner you want to use." She holds out three options. A pencil, crayon-looking thing, and liquid.

"Which is the easiest?" I say.

"The pencil."

"I'll go with that." She pulls off the cap with a pop and tells me to close my eyes. The pencil is cold as she drags it across my eye, stopping every now and then to check her work. Her hand is so steady, I can't imagine I'm going to be able to duplicate it.

When she's done, I check out my eye. It looks so large compared to the un-lined eye. Huge and green and secretive. The kind of girl who would be able to flirt with Peter and make him want her. In other words, a girl who wasn't me. Mom hands me the pencil. I lean closer to the mirror and give it a shot.

I do my best, only poking myself in the eye twice. My lines are jagged and the pencil doesn't move as smoothly for me as it does for my mother. Still, I get it looking okay.

Then she brings out her tube of berry-colored lipstick and cranks it out. She applies it to her own lips first, and then hands it to me. For some reason it doesn't look the same on my lips as it does on hers. We both pucker and laugh at our reflections. The lipstick is a little too dark for me, but the eyeliner works. I wonder if Peter will like it. I hope so.

"There you go. All grown up. My little girl." She puts her arms around my shoulders and squeezes. I'm bathed in her lilac scent.

"Thanks."

"For what?"

I wave my hand to indicate my face. "For showing me this. Even though I'm probably not going to use it, except on prom or something."

"I hope I'm here for prom." Her hands flutter in my hair, piling it up in the back.

What is she talking about? Prom is only a month away. "Why wouldn't you be?"

"Because this isn't an exact science. There is no way to predict when it will happen. I think I'll know." She twists my hair up and pulls a few curls out.

"Is it soon?" My smoky eyes widen in the mirror. I didn't want to ask the question, but it popped out anyway.

"Not too soon." She kisses the top of my head and lets my hair go so it puddles on my shoulders. "You still need to learn how to french braid. That's something we'll tackle soon, okay?" I nod, wishing I could wipe all the make-up off. Actually, I wish I could rub everything off. Rub my skin and my identity and build myself into someone else. It's not the first time I've wished it and it won't be the last.

"I'm sorry about yesterday," I say again, worrying at the lace on the edge of the chair. I still can't forgive myself for making her sick. Even though I know I didn't. Cancer made her sick.

"Sorry for telling me the truth? It is better to tell the truth than regret a lie."

"I've never heard that one."

She puts the eyeliner back in its place on her make-up tray. "I made it up."

"I should probably write that one down." I should write all of them down. So I never forget.

"Don't worry, ma fleur. You won't forget. I promise." She kisses my forehead and looks at both of us in the mirror. I stare at her face and look back at my own. She's so beautiful, even when she's being ravaged by cancer. It could never take that away from her.

Chapter Five

Peter

Ava is quiet tonight. Usually, it means she is thinking about something intensely. Through our connection, I can sense her unsettled thoughts. They rattle and jar me.

She has something on her face. Make-up. It looks different on her. Widens her eyes and makes them like green beams of light that stare out of a fog-filled night. She is both more herself and less herself. I am not sure if I like it.

"What did you do to your eyes?" Her hands fly to her face, as if there is something wrong with it.

She feels around her eyes with her fingers for a moment. "What? Oh, my mom taught me how to use eyeliner. I forgot to take it off. It looks bad." An unpleasant feeling flies through her for a moment. She moves to get up. I take her arm to stop her from doing something foolish.

"No, it doesn't. It is different."

"Different, bad?" Her eyes widen and she blinks rapidly. Worried that I don't like it.

"Different, different. Your eyes are just as green. There is simply more emphasis on them." I try to word it the correct way. From being around Ava and listening to her friend Texas, I have found that certain girls are easily offended when it comes to their appearance. Ava doesn't seem to be, but I did not want to take the chance that I could upset her. I do not like it when she is upset. It makes me upset, and then she gets more upset. It is a cycle I do not want to start.

She pulls away from my arm. "I'm going to wash my face." Clearly, I did not say the right thing. I struggle to find what that might be.

"You are beautiful no matter what is on your face." She stops and turns around. I enjoy her shocked expression.

"Really?" She wraps a lock of hair around her finger and crosses one foot in front of the other, twisting back and forth. It strikes me how truly beautiful she is. I am allowed to think she is beautiful.

"Really," I say, using her word. She looks down, trying to hide a smile. It is so easy for her to make facial expressions. As easy as waves rolling over a beach. I try to make my face do the same thing. Ava catches me trying to mold my face into a smile. She studies me for a moment before answering.

"Still serial killer, but it's getting better," she says going into the bathroom and turning on the water. Until I started spending large amounts of time with her, I had no idea how much upkeep the human body required. It takes hours to bathe and feed it and many hours of sleep. I do not remember things like that from my life. Those were the memories I had to let go when I changed. It was enough effort to keep the memories I cherished. My eyes rest on the trunk that stood at the foot of her bed. My trunk. My memories.

She comes back with her hair in a knot on the back of her head, and her face clear of make-up.

"I don't think I'm going to keep up with the eyeliner. My washcloth was practically black and my eyes hurt from all the scrubbing it took to get it off. I don't know." She shrugs and gets into bed. Her face is fresh and clean. I like it better this way.

"Why are you looking at me like that?" Her forehead contracts, making little peaks and valleys. I want to run my finger along them.

"I am not looking at you any special way."

"Sure." She doesn't believe me. She yawns, and I see the tiredness in her eyes. It has gotten worse the sicker her mother gets. Every now and then she shivers with a little emotion, and I can tell she is thinking about her mother.

I fold myself into a sitting position. She does not like it when I stand while she sits. "I really don't want to go to school." Tomorrow is Monday, the beginning of another week of school for her. And another day of running and waiting for me.

"I could come with you," I suggest. She laughs.

"Yeah, that would go over well. I don't know what it was like when you were alive, but nowadays you have to have a social security card, birth certificate. All that stuff. You can't just show up and go to school. Besides, you look way too old to be even be a senior."

"I don't want you to be uncomfortable. I could work it out. If you wanted." It could be easily done, with Viktor's help.

"You would go to high school to be with me." Her energy is skeptical. A curl flops over her ear. I tuck it away and she blushes. The need for her blood surges, but I push it back. It hovers in the back of my mind, beating its black wings at me.

"Yes." Of course I would. I experience that soul-tearing coldness every time I am not within twenty feet of her. I have not become used to it yet, but I am willing to go through the pain of leaving her because I do not want to own her.

"That's really sweet, Peter. But I wouldn't subject you to the horror of modern high school. Even if it would be hilarious." She giggles, laying back on her pillows.

"You should get to sleep."

"I know."

According to our nightly routine, I pick a book from the stack she gets me at the library. It's the most recent book in the series about the time traveling woman and her Scottish warrior. Time travel intrigues me.

She is restless, having disturbing thoughts. I can't pinpoint what they are, but I have an idea. Her mother.

For a moment, I think about my own mother, Ellen. That last time I saw her. I try not to think about that last time. I try to think of her as she was. Putting her pearls on in the mirror before an evening out dancing with my father, her black hair tumbling from many hairpins. I let the memory drift away, like mist.

"Goodnight, Ava."

"Goodnight, Peter." Her thoughts continue to swirl, like water going down a drain. I go back to my book, listening to her breathe. Instead of slowing down, it speeds up, and I recognize she is in distress. I wait until she thrashes in her blankets to intervene.

I touch her warm shoulder. When she's sleeping is when I want her blood the most. "Ava?" Her arms curl around her stomach, and her eyes open reluctantly.

"Mm?" She pretends to be sleepy. As if she doesn't want me to know she is having a hard time.

"Talk to me." I want her to believe I am the one who needs her.

Her voice is muffled against her pillow. "About what?"

"Anything. I just want to hear your voice."

She rolls over to face me. "Why? You want to kill me."

"Always." I will never lie to her about something like that. I have Claimed her, which protects her from any other noctalis. Except me.

"What are you thinking about?" I want her to share her turmoil with me. Let me take some of it from her.

"I'm just..." She wipes her hand across her forehead, looking for the right words. "I'm afraid of losing you. I'm afraid of losing my mother and losing you and I'll have nothing left." Her voice is full of tears. I can smell them on her cheeks. I did not think that I was what she was worried about.

"You are not going to lose me." Where would I go?

"How do I know that?" She sits up, tears streaming from her eyes. "You tell me I'm beautiful and then you keep looking at me, and it scares me. I told my mother about you and she got sick. I just ruin everything. You should just go." She wipes her tears with the edge of her comforter.

"And Di is going to come up with something or Ivan will do something -" I cut her off.

"Ivan is in Las Vegas. And you need not worry about Di." She shakes her head.

"Ava," I say. I get up and sit on the edge of her bed. She reaches out for me and I draw her toward me. I must pick the right words, like ripe apples from a tree.

"I feel for you. I feel so many ways about you. So many other things than what would hurt me. I adore you. I cherish you. I desire you. I care for you. That is all I need. It's more than I thought I would have, in this existence. I don't need more, so I will not seek it." She grips me tight.

Her head goes under my chin, fitting like a key inside a lock. "How can you stop it? How can that other stuff be enough?"

"It is. It is far more than I deserve." I deserve nothing.

"Everyone deserves love." She sniffs and I pull a tissue from the box that sits beside her bed. "Well, maybe not child molesters and serial killers, but everyone else."

"The world does not owe me anything. That is one of the failings of many humans, I think. They believe the world owes them something." She blows her nose and tosses the tissue in the trash. I want to lick the rest of the tears from her cheeks, but I stay silent.

She turns her face up. It is blotchy and her eyes are swollen, but she is still exquisite. "You know I love you." It is the first she has said it out loud.

"Yes." Yes, yes, yes. Always yes.

"Don't you care that I love you, but you can't love me back?" Always yes.

"I do, but it is not my biggest concern."

"What is your biggest concern?" She pulls back so she can watch my face.

"Keeping you safe. That overwhelms any feeling I might want to have for you." She wipes her eyes again.

"But I want to keep you safe," she says.

"You cannot."

"Yeah, that's right, because I'm a weak little human." She tries to break away from the grasp of my arms, but I won't let her.

"No. Because if something will happen to me, then it will happen."

"I don't want it to." My stubborn Ava.

"I know."

"I just love you and I don't want to lose you." Her tears return.

"I know."

"Would you stop saying that?" I know she is going to lunge at me, and I let her. Her lips mash against mine and her smell floods my nose. I kiss her back, letting her emotions bolster my own, making us both want.

More, more, more.

I have to push her away so I don't bite her lips to get to her blood. Her skin is like paper, so easily torn. A membrane that impedes my access.

"Have some." She holds out her wrist. Of course she can sense my need.

"No."

"Goddammit, I know you need it because my stomach is killing me." She tries to push me away. I let her. She's crying again. "Will you promise me something?" I do not make promises lightly, but would make an exception for her.

"That would depend on what it was."

"I want you to promise me that you'll look for a way. A way to break this curse. Because I swear, if I lose you, I'm never going to forgive you. I'll curse your name for the rest of my life." It is the only threat she can make. She has little leverage, and she knows it. But the threat that she would curse me is enough. The image of her miserable is enough.

"I can promise to try."

"Not good enough." I recognize that face. She is determined. As usual.

"Ava."

"Don't even." She puts her hand up as if trying to stop me. "You got me into this whole thing. You made me fall in love with you, and now I want you to fix this. Because I can't lose you. I won't let it happen. I want to be with you, as insane as that sounds. I know you're like, way older and it's creepy and illegal, if you were a human. I know I'm going to have to give you blood and that there will be times when you do things I can't be a part of. But I don't care. I want to be a part of it. I want to be a part of you." She snags her hand in her hair in frustration.

I need a moment to think. Even though my thoughts move faster than hers, the rapid spray of her words leaves me silent.

"It's not happening is it?" She takes my hands, turning them over.

"No. I was thinking."

"Oh." The blood rushes to her face, and I want to reach out and take it. I want it almost more than I want to promise her. Almost, but not quite.

"I never felt that way about anyone when I was alive. There was a girl in town that I used to walk home. She lived across the street and her laugh was so loud, I could hear it from my porch. I used to try and peek in her bedroom window, but I never got a glimpse of her. The legend of the vampire, such as it is, paints us as lascivious creatures with a lust for sex as much as a lust for blood. That is another myth. While there are some noctali, who, I am sure, take part in those activities, I am not one of them." Her face flames with color at the mention of sex.

"Is this some sort of crazy way to tell me you're a virgin? Can you even, um, do that?" She's still holding my hands. Her's pulse with her heart. A ribbon of embarrassment runs from her to me. It took me a while to understand that was the uncomfortable emotion she had quite frequently. It is not an emotion I can feel for myself.

"I am trying to tell you that I have never felt that way about anyone. But if it would be anyone who could make me feel it, it would be you. You would be worth it. So yes, to everything you asked. I promise to find a solution." While this is not a binding promise, since Ava is not a noctalis, I still feel the weight of it settling over my shoulder like a cape.

"Good." She lets out a breath, expelling her scent all over me. I want to wrap myself in it and drown. She puts her hands around mine. They are so small, my fingers jut out above hers.

"Would you stay here with me?"

"I will always stay with you."

"I mean here." She motions to her bed.

"I don't know if that would be a good idea."

Her hand drops mine. "Oh, well. It was just an idea. You can go back to your book." She turns her back, sliding back down under the blankets. The rejections stings her.

"A few feet closer shouldn't do too much damage." Surprised, she turns over. I have been working on my sarcasm.

"Are you sure? You could have a little, if you wanted." She pushes her arm toward me.

"That would only whet my appetite." I would kill her, if I took some now.

"Oh, right." She watches as I lay next to her, pulling one pillow behind my back. I am never uncomfortable, but I want her to think that I am comfortable. Her scent wafts up from the sheets, surrounding me in a cloud. She turns on her side, looking up at me.

"Only if you're sure."

"I am sure," I say, picking my book up. She lays as far from me as she can get without falling off the bed. I will bring her closer when she falls asleep.

"Go to sleep. We will talk in the morning."

"Okay. Goodnight Peter." She rolls onto her side, her back facing me.

"Goodnight, Ava-Claire."

She falls asleep and I think about promises and how to keep them.

Chapter Six

Ava

Even with Peter next to me, I have a nightmare. It starts out as a nice dream. I'm walking in the woods, barefoot. As it goes in dreams, my feet feel nothing even though the ground is uneven and covered in rocks and sticks and such. I'm walking toward something bright-greenish that shines out of the trees. Actually, it's two somethings. I walk further, and, once again, it takes me forever.

I finally get to a clearing with grass so flat, I know it can't be real. Still, I want to know what's going on. Two fires, flickering in the darkness. Not like normal fires with smoke and wood. These are more like giant columns of light that flicker and burn. But the fires, or whatever they are, aren't burning wood. They're burning people.

The light dims and I can make out my mother's face, and then the rest of her. The other is Peter. They're glowing like fireflies, which is totally weird, but I go with it. They both smile at me at the exact same second.

"I love you," they both say in unison. I hear each of their distinct voices before they are both consumed by a burst of light. And then darkness.

"Ava?" Peter shakes my shoulder. Somehow I've migrated in my sleep so I'm practically on top of him. I want him even in my sleep. I shift over to my side of the bed, trying to be subtle about it. Hell, I'd just seen him in my dream going up in weird greenish flames. Part of me wants to touch him all over and make sure he's all in one piece. But that's silly. It was just a dream.

"Sorry. Bad dream." My room is dark, but I feel safe with Peter next to me, his thumb stuck in his book to mark the place. I notice he's nearly done. The book is about four inches thick. Stupid speed reader.

"Do you wish to talk about it?"

"Not really." I put my hand over my eyes, wishing I could block it all out.

"It must have been frightening." Thanks Peter, that's helpful.

"Just a dream."

Just a dream, just a dream, just a dream. I'm going to keep saying it until I believe it.

"I could feel your distress." Can't he see that I don't want to talk about it?

"What, I can't even dream now without you getting vibes?"

"I feel what you feel, asleep or awake." In turn, I feel his anxiety for me. Peter's emotions are easy to separate from my own. They're distant and foreign. Like having an invader in my brain. It didn't bother me as much as it should. Nothing about Peter bothered me as much as it should.

"It's nothing. Just go back to reading." I turn my back to him, and pull the covers up. He waits for a moment, for me to speak or change my mind. When I don't, he goes back to reading, the swish of the pages turning lulls me back into a much better sleep.

I'm not big on dream interpretation, being as how sometimes dreams are just dreams and not a manifestation of your secret love for your English teacher. Before I finally decide to close my eyes and try to sleep again, I vow to do some research. In the morning.

****

I think about the dream as I brush my teeth the next morning. It had been so clear, and I'd remembered every detail when I woken up. I usually didn't remember my dreams, so this was new. I wasn't sure if I liked it or not. I certainly hated the dream. It was probably just a manifestation of my fear of losing Peter and my mother. But I wanted to know for sure.

I hated that I'd broken down in front of him last night. Generally, I tried not to be too emotional and needy in front of Peter. I think it kind of freaked him out sometimes. When we'd first done the Claiming, he'd even had jitters. All that had calmed down, but I still tried to hold it back a bit.

Not so much.

I didn't regret the promise I'd forced him to make about finding a way out of the curse. I'd decided to call it that, because it was a Curse. With a capital C. Promises were things that you made in wedding vows and to your children and to best friends. They were supposed to be good. To make you better. This was a Curse.

I wasn't selfish enough to want Peter to break it just for me. I wanted him to be free, not chained to someone else.

Viktor was Cursed, too. He was forced to come whenever Di called. Which wasn't very often, but when she whistled, he came, like a dog. He was better than that. I didn't want them to be slaves to this woman who had made them out of her own selfish need not to be alone. I wouldn't make the same mistake.

Peter was unusually quiet, and that bothered me, but I wasn't getting any bad vibes from him, so I didn't say anything about it. Sometimes, Peter was just weird. I figured he was just thinking about who he could ask about breaking the curse. I hoped.

I had to say goodbye to him in my room before I went downstairs to grab something to eat. Since my mother had gotten worse, wasn't making pancakes every morning, and I spent most of my time in my room with Peter, I usually just grabbed a bowl of cereal or a protein bar.

"I'll see you after work, okay?" I give him the obligatory peck on the cheek, not letting my lips linger. "I know I made you promise to look for a solution, but you don't have to do it today." I'm feeling guilty now about forcing him. It was a knee-jerk reaction to the dream, and I should have just calmed the heck down and thought about things.

"I will wait for you." He's staring at his trunk. I automatically check to make sure the key is still firmly around my neck. It's become a nervous tick now.

"Do you ever get tired of waiting for me?"

"No." He's so sure of things. So convinced that it will work out, or it won't. That it is black or it is white. I'm not like that.

I want to really kiss him goodbye, but don't. I'm still not convinced that being close with him won't kill him. I'm such a hypocrite, because I made him sit next to me while I slept all night. What harm would a little kiss do?

Well, Peter's kisses could do a lot of harm, I knew that already. They are Weapons of Mass Destruction. So I just looks at him without blinking for as long as I can. He touches my face and slides out the window. I feel the pull to go with him. It sucks so much that I can't. My poor neglected lips cry out as I drive myself to school, hoping today will be better. Better than the previous three.

****

Tex nearly runs me over, she's so eager to talk to me. It takes me a moment to focus. The smells almost swallow me up. It's like being in a huge bakery filled with the most delicious cookies and pies and cakes in the world, but you can't have any of them. Only blood doesn't smell like cake.

"Oh my god, where have you been? We need to talk date details. I need to know what Viktor's favorite color is so I can wear it." Tex's blood smells sweet, like copper and salt and dark chocolate. Those don't sound like delicious things in combination, but somehow they are. My stomach grumbles, even though I just ate. This is a different kind of hunger. I rest my face on the brick of the main school building. The smell of the brick and the cool temperature helps me focus.

"Tex, I don't know what his favorite color is."

"Then ask Peter." She makes a pouty face and adjusts her purple glasses.

Give. It. A. Rest. "I can't, he doesn't have a phone."

"Seriously? Vampires are always up on the new technology." I don't know where she's heard this. Vampire chat rooms?

"He's not a vampire," I say, lowering my voice. "He's a noctalis. There's a big difference."

"Difference, schmifference." She waves it off. I'm about to argue with her when Jamie walks by. I smile and he stops to talk.

"Well, hello James, long time no see." He looks like crap. Things must be bad at home. Still, seeing him is like seeing the sun come from behind the clouds. He envelops me with warmth and comfort. Jamie was like apple pie.

"Hello ladies." A shadow of his smile comes out and is gone as quick as we can blink. "How are you?" He leans against he wall in all his jock glory. His hair picks up all the spare sunlight and glimmers like gold. His blood is salty and... active. Bright, like him.

"Never mind us, how are you?" He looks around, shifting his bag in his shoulder. Then he tugs his earlobe. That tells me everything I need to know. He's not doing well.

"Cassie and Dad are fighting a lot."

"He hasn't, you know..." Tex trails off. She meant to say, he hasn't hit her, but she doesn't want to say it out loud.

"No, he's been good. Just a lot of yelling. I keep telling both of them it isn't good for the baby, but he doesn't care. He wants her to lose it so he doesn't have to worry about it anymore."

Oh, god.

"Jamie." Tex and I hug him from both sides, wishing this hug could make it better.

Sometimes I get wrapped up in my head and think that I have it the worst off. Then I talk to Jamie, and realize that both of my parents love me. I know they love me, even though my Dad and I don't get along that well sometimes. We used to. This whole cancer thing kinda screwed things up. But before that, there was no doubt in my mind that both of them would do anything for me.

"I'm thinking about getting a job at Santina's so I can give her some money to get her own place. I think, once the baby's born, she'll qualify for assistance, but I don't know if she'll be willing to take it."

Tex and I look at each other, both thinking the same thing. That it isn't Jamie's responsibility to take care of his sister. He shouldn't have to. And if the choice is him taking a job, when he's already busy with sports and a sucky home life, or her going on assistance, we're picking the latter.

"It'll work out." I try to channel some of that Peter confidence. He's close enough that I can still feel him.

"I hope so," he says, sounding completely defeated. I give him another squeeze as the bell rings. I haven't even gotten to my locker to get my books yet, so I'm going to be late. Doesn't matter. There are some things more important than punctuality.

"We should do something for him," I say after he dashes off to class. Maybe I can rope Tex into pitching in. She definitely has more money than I do.

"We could throw Cassie a baby shower. She's going to need all sorts of baby stuff. And it would be fun."

"You know there would be no boys or drinking, right?"

"My dear, a party is a party. As long as I'm there." She does a little hip wiggle and Trevor Hyasin's eyes almost bug out of his head as he walks by.

"I was thinking about something for his truck."

"That's lame. A party is a much better idea."

"Thanks for stomping on my idea, Tex."

"No stomping, just suggesting it's not a great idea." Same thing.

Somehow I get through the rest of the day, even though I'm like a kid with ADD high on sugar. No focus. Too much blood. Too many people I picture killing. It's almost a relief my teachers sort of ignore me. They don't know about my mother's diagnosis, but just having a mother with cancer is enough of a free pass to slack off.

I call Mom several times to check in. Dad came home from work to watch her, so she's drowning in blankets and soup and TLC. Poor thing.

Jamie has practice, so I text him asking if he wants to do something on Tuesday night. It will mean a night away from Peter, but Jamie's important. He needs a friend right now. And I owe him. I've been a pretty crappy one.

Tex and I carpool to work, which is so close to school, we could walk if we wanted. I always mention this, but Tex is usually wearing impractical shoes, and throws a hissy fit about ruining them. So we drive, increasing our carbon footprint. Peter lurks nearby, trying to send me happy vibes. A for effort.

After reprimanding us for being late, Tex's parents set us to making a display of the poetry books. April was National Poetry Month, and they were a little late getting a display up, so we pick out all the prettiest and most famous books and try to come up with an eye-catching way to showcase them. Usually Tex's mother doesn't let us do things like this, but she's so busy, since one of the workers quit, she doesn't have time to do it herself. Waves of scent caress me, and I can barely focus on anything but the blood smell. I focus on Tex's voice.

"We could use that old velvet cloth from Halloween and put some glitter on it."

"What does glitter have to do with National Poetry Month?"

She shrugs. "Nothing. I just like glitter." Glitter it is. We stack the books on top of boxes draped with the velvet to create a little dimension. And then Tex sprinkles gold glitter over everything. To give it pizazz, she says.

It makes me think of that night when I invited Peter to a party and we'd danced. Well, it was more like we'd mashed our bodies together and moved with the music. It had been totally amazing. I wished I could have frozen that moment so I could go back to it later. Go back to that moment when it felt like we were one person. I still felt that way with Peter, but I missed his physical touch sometimes. Or all the times.

"Hello? Can you hand me that sign?" Tex snaps her fingers in front of my face. She does that a lot and it makes me want to bite her fingers off. And taste her blood.

"Here." I hand her the sign and she hangs it in the window.

"I feel like it needs something." She tilts her head back and forth and squints her eyes as if she's trying to see what's missing. "Aha!" She says, jumping down from the window. She's gone for a few minutes and then is back, hauling a giant quill pen that's about three feet tall. I don't remember why her parents bought it, but it's been sitting in storage for a while. Tex sneezes as she props it against one of the boxes.

"I couldn't find the ink pot that goes with it, but oh well. This says poetry, doesn't it?"

"I think so."

She bangs her hands together and I choke on a glitter cloud. I think Tex has a glitter addiction. She should join GAA. Glitter Addicts Anonymous.

****

Later on, she catches me in the New Age section of the store. It's located right next to the knitting books in a back corner near the heater that is so loud you can barely hear yourself think. It was also perpetually dusty because no one really wants to go back there. Also because Tex's parents had contempt for anything remotely like that, so they hadn't ordered any new books in years. Or bothered to do anything about the ones they did have.

"What the hell are you doing back here?"

"Would you believe me if I said I was dusting?"

"Yeah, nice try. No one's dusted back here since this guy was alive." She holds up a book with a guy with a beard so impressive, it covers most of his face, a shirt covered in flowers and a pair of bell bottoms that looked like lampshades.

I can't lie to her anymore. "I was just, um, looking for a book about dreams."

"And my next question is: Why?"

"I had a dream and I wanted to know if it meant anything," I mumble.

"You should have just asked. I've got one of those encyclopedias at home. Aunt Bea gave it to me." She rolls her eyes as she says it. She's Tex's mother's sister, Beatrice, otherwise known as Aunt Bea or the Crazy Lady. I've only met her once and my first impression was that she looked exactly someone who dressed as a cheap psychic for Halloween. Only she dressed like that all the time. Scarves and long flowy skirts and bracelets that jingled whenever she moved. She also brought a cloud of patchouli wherever she went. Tex said it was to cover up the smell of pot smoke, which wouldn't surprise me. After she'd told me my aura was cloudy I'd pretty much tuned her out.

"You can borrow it if you want."

"Yeah, sure." She gives me a weird look and then edges away from the books as if they're going to give her a disease. I also want to escape the close space that smells like dust and books and blood.

Work drags on for another hour until I can finally leave. Peter's waiting for me outside the back door like a shadow. We always walk back to my car, taking our time. I'd told him he didn't have to, because Tex always tackled him with questions about Viktor. Tonight was no exception.

"Hello Texas." He always calls her by her full first name. I think it bugged her at first, but she seems to have gotten over it.

"Well hello there." She always tried to fake-flirt with him, trying to get a rise. It never works, but Tex is not easily deterred.

"Ava." He nods formally at me.

"Peter." I smile and curtsey, feeling both of our relief that we're near each other. It must last for a while because Tex coughs and waves her hand in front of my eyes.

"Yeah, that's enough eye sex. You should remember to wear protection." I smack her in the shoulder. Real classy, Tex.

"We need to go." I take Peter's arm and try to steer him toward the street. Tex darts in front of us so fast, I wonder if she's a noctalis.

She snags my arm. "Uh! We need to talk date details." I give Peter a look that says I'll tell him later.

"We'll let you know."

"What, are you like one person now?"

I think I'm getting a migraine. "Tex, can we please not do this now?"

"I just don't want to see you saying things like 'we love pumpkin scented candles' and wearing matching plaid shirts." Like that would ever happen.

"You are free to slap me in the face if I do any of those things." Peter doesn't say anything. I look at him and he blinks. An agreement.

"Bye!" I grab Peter's arm and start walking before she can react.

"Wear protection!" She calls. I wave over my shoulder, considering giving her the finger.

Peter

"Have you come up with a plan yet?" Ava says as we walk back to her car. She's still holding my arm. It blazes against my skin.

"I have consulted Viktor. He has stayed less in touch with the noctalis world than I have, so he did not know what we should do. There is an old friend I can contact." She stops.

"You have a friend?"

"Yes." I do not elaborate. Cal is from a time in my life that I do not want her to know about. Granted, if I hadn't Claimed her, and wanted her to stay away, I would have told her. It would be enough to make any human run. Even her.

"Why have I not heard of this friend?"

"I have not seen him in a long time."

"What's he like?"

"Tall." How can I describe him in a way she would understand? I am not sure how.

"Tall? That's it?" She raises her eyebrows.

"He is my oldest friend." That is a truth I can part with.

"So you've got a little bromance going on." Her smile returns. I am not familiar with that term, but I believe I know what she is thinking of.

"He is my friend."

"So you think he'll help us?"

"Yes." He has helped me before. When I have needed him, he has been there. Ava searches my eyes, looking for more information. Her natural curiosity will harm her one day. It already has. She came back to see me, even after that first night in the cemetery. I told her then she was reckless. She has not learned.

She sighs and leans her head on my arm. Her contentment is palpable.

"How was your day?" I say as we get in the car.

"Awful. Jamie's issues just keep getting bigger and Tex won't leave me alone about Viktor. I may have to kill her before this date happens." Her laugh is weak.

"You could not kill anyone."

"How do you know that?" She is offended. Angrily, she starts the car and turns the radio on loud. It is one of Texas' German rock albums.

"Your soul is pure."

"So is yours." Ava will hold to her belief I have a soul until she breathes her last breath. I like her determination. Even if it is false.

I do not want to discuss the status of my soul so I remain silent.

"What are you thinking about?" she asks.

"You." It is the kind of thing that makes her blush. The scent of her blood fills the car, and I want it so much I have to push myself as far away from her as I can get in the small space. Her blood calls to me, sings to me, taunts me.

"Oh god," she says, clutching at her stomach. I reach to take the wheel before we veer off the road and into a ditch.

"Put the car in park," I say. Her breath comes out in little pants of pain. I have hurt her. Again. With my unstoppable need.

"Take it, take it." Pain colors her voice as she whimpers. I cannot take it from her now.

"I am fine."

"I am not!" Her face falls to the steering wheel as she curls in on herself. My need subsides in light of her pain. I push it away, struggling with two separate needs. My primal need for blood and my other need for her. One is stronger, at least this time.

"Ava?" Her pain has quieted a little, but she is still slumped against the steering wheel. Her parents will be concerned if we are not back to her house soon.

"It's better. It's getting better. Did you do that?"

"I am not sure."

"Well that's good. I guess." She seems unsure. "You could still have some. I know you want it."

"I will pass."

"Fine." Her relief shivers along our connection. I have never felt that from her. A little bit of fear comes with the relief. She may love me, but she also fears me. That will never change, as long as she is human. As long as I can fight to keep her that way.

When she is able, she turns the car back on and drives the rest of the way to her house. I say nothing, not wishing to disturb her thoughts. They swirl like an angry wind, whipping her emotions around. It is impossible for me to keep track. So I listen and feel and watch.

Chapter Seven

Ava

Sometimes the Claiming is too much. I hate admitting that, because I love him and I love being in love with him and feeling so special when he looks at me. But being so tied to him is really hard. My emotions and his get so tangled up sometimes, I lose myself for a second.

It's a scary feeling, losing yourself. I am never prepared for it, but it happens. And there is nothing I can do to stop it. Peter is silent as I turn the car off. I feel his distance. He'd pulled back to give me some space. He was considerate like that.

He opens my door for me, and touches my face, knowing that I need some time alone.

"Goodnight, Ava."

"Goodnight Peter."

After he's gone, I slump against the car. I'm hungry and tired and I have to do homework, but I need a second. I take a few yoga breaths to stabilize myself. My stomach is fine now.

"Hello?" I call as I walk into the dark and quite house. I find it hard to believe Dad left her alone.

"Hey baby, I'm in here." Mom's still in bed, sans wig, reading a bodice ripper that she tries to hide under the covers. Scandalous.

"Have you been in here all day?" Her lack of energy is more worrying than the dark circles under her eyes.

She shoves the book further under the blankets. Like I haven't already seen it. "No, I got up and cleaned a little. How was your day?"

"Fine." Standard response.

"How was work?"

"Fine."

"What did you learn?" I lean my chin on her pulled-up knees.

"That when in doubt, the answer is -1."

The book falls to the floor with a clunk, but we both ignore it. "Even in English class?"

"For that, the answer is almost always deus ex machina."

"Oh, very fancy."

"It is, isn't it?" There's a tray beside her with a full bowl of soup that looks like it's been sitting there for quite a while.

"Not hungry?" She shrugs.

"I could make you something."

"Your father went out to get pizza." We'd eaten more takeout in the past several months than we had in my entire life. It couldn't be healthy, but with Mom out of commission, none of us really felt like taking over the cooking duties on a permanent basis. It would be like admitting defeat. I wasn't ready for that yet.

"He left you alone?"

"I had to beg him."

"You and your feminine wiles." She wiggles her eyebrows and we both laugh. "How are you feeling?" She holds up her hand, tipping it from one side to the other.

"I missed you today," she says.

"Weren't we going to talk about me taking some time off school?" At least we did a few weeks ago before Dad put the kibosh on that.

"Yes. I'm not sure if it's a good idea."

"But I thought -" She cuts me off.

"I don't want you sitting around and being my nurse. You're too young and I don't want to trap you like that." I move off her knees and she tries to get up. It takes a moment before she can get completely vertical. I would offer to help, but she doesn't need me.

"You wouldn't be trapping me. I want to take care of you. You did it long enough for me."

"That's different."

"Just because you're my mother? Well, I'm your daughter. It goes both ways." She shuffles toward the bathroom, and it breaks my heart how painful her little mincing steps look.

She leans on the bathroom door and closes her eyes. If I didn't know better, I'd say she was going to fall asleep. "I know, baby. I just don't want this to drag you down, too." I don't say that it's too late for that. I don't say that I'm getting dragged down by so many other things that the cancer isn't even the worst of it. She goes into the bathroom, and that ends the conversation.

I take the tray to the kitchen and wash the dishes, stacking them in the sink. I can't stand to be alone with the thoughts in my head so I turn on a Beatles cd that Mom loves.

Dad comes back as I'm getting out plates and silverware for the pizza.

"Hi," I say.

His eyes race down the hall, as if he has x-ray vision and can ascertain her health through the door. "Hi. How is she?"

"Fine. I just checked on her." He sets the box and a paper bag down on the counter. In the light of the kitchen, I spot a few gray hairs I don't remember seeing a few weeks ago. It's like the cancer isn't killing just her, but it's killing us, too.

"Good. I don't know if she's going to be up to eating out here, so it might just be the two of us."

I nod. That should be fun.

He makes up the tray again with more soup, crackers and fruit and takes it in to her. I hear the murmur of their voices from down the hall. It is a mark of how sick she is that she can't even make it to the dinner table.

I make up a plate for both Dad and I. He comes out, pushing his hair back from his forehead. God, he looks tired. Like an old dishcloth that was once white, but is now gray and stained and wrung out.

We sit down, but there is a hole the size of South America where my mother is supposed to sit. We chew for a few minutes and I can feel he wants to say something.

"We need to talk." Those are the most awful words ever put together. Alone, they are benign. Together, they make up the scariest sentence in the English language.

"Your mother is getting sicker. It's going to get a lot worse here soon. She's not going to be able to do a lot of the things she wants. We're going to have to try and keep her spirits up. Do you think you can do that?"

"Yeah." Oh, you mean telling her that the guy I'm seeing is an angel vampire that gets to drink my blood whenever he wants was a bad idea? Yeah, too late.

"Good." He takes a bite of his pizza, but he doesn't look like he wants to eat it. I'm not that big on it, either, but I need something to do with my mouth so I end up eating two pieces. I put the rest of it in the fridge. Dad puts his head in his hands, and it makes me feel bad. I don't mean to treat him the way I do. We just seem to be unable to communicate on anything other than a hostile level.

"How's work?" I never ask him about work. Because it's really boring. He raises his head from his hands, as if he's just woken up.

"Oh, it's, uh, it's good. We just approved new rates and there are a lot of people coming in for loans."

"That's good. Isn't it?" I know next to nothing about banking. I'd probably know more if I paid attention at all when he brought me and Mom to some of the corporate dinners, but I'd been too busy gorging on the fancy food an trying to see if I could sneak a sip of champagne.

"Yes. It is." And then we fall into silence again.

"How is everything going at the bookstore?"

"Fine. We made a poetry display today. Tex covered everything in glitter."

He takes a sip of water, his forehead contracting. It hits me how much I look like him. "What does glitter have to do with poetry?"

"I don't know." He gets up from the table. Not a bad conversation. More than we've had in weeks. And no one yelled. That's progress.

I wonder if he's thinking the same thing I am. That in a few months, it's going to be just the two of us. We won't have Mom to keep things lively. Somehow we need to find a way to communicate, or else we're going to fall apart as a family even before we lose her.

Dad interrupts my gloomy thoughts.

"I got a cheesecake. Strawberry. I was hoping she'd be well enough to have some, but..." he doesn't need to finish.

"I'll get some plates." Dad makes a cup of instant coffee and we each sit down to cheesecake. It's good, made by a local woman who only uses eggs her chickens lay and organic vanilla and so forth. The berries are also from her garden, tart and sweet at the same time. Like life.

"I wanted to talk to you about something else. That boy you were with when your mother had her episode." Oh crap. Here we go.

"What about him?" I poke at the cheesecake. I really don't want to eat it now.

"Who is he? Where's he from? How old is he?" Bang, bang, bang. Oh boy, I'm really going to have to do a lot of lying here.

"He's a student at Galdon Academy. He's originally from New York. He's eighteen." I fire back just as fast. Only the middle thing is true. I hate how easy it is to lie to Dad. Much easier than Mom.

Dad jabs at his own cheesecake. "He looks older."

"I know. He gets that a lot. Mom says he's an old soul." The last part is also true.

"How did you meet him?" Oh, how I would love to tell him I met Peter at a bar, or some other scandalous place, but I don't want to test his heart like that.

"We were at a party and I bumped into him and we started talking. We had a lot in common." Oh, I am pulling this out of my ass. "He really likes books, so we got talking about that and we've been talking ever since."

"Does that mean you've been involved with him for a while?"

"No, just a couple of weeks." Weeks that feel like lifetimes.

"He's been here to the house." It's a statement that expects an answer.

"Yes."

"Your mother knew." I can't fib about this. He'll know I'm lying, but he's so forgiving of her, it doesn't really matter. She could murder someone, and he'd say, yes dear, I'll hide the body.

"Yes." He rubs his chin and puts his fork down.

"I don't know if I like this or not." I'm going with or not.

"Mom likes him." I feel the need to point this out. It's pretty much Peter's biggest selling point.

"She does." I nod so vigorously my hair flops in the cheesecake and I have to wipe it off with my napkin.

"How many times has he been here?"

"A few." Hundred.

"Has he been in your room?" Every night.

"Just to get a book." Oh the lies, lies, lies.

"That's all?" He drinks my blood. But no sex. Other than the eye variety. Oh, I also want to drink yours more than I want to eat this cheesecake.

"Dad, it's not like that. Peter respects me. Mom would never let him in the house if those were his intentions." We both know she would never open the door to a skeezy guy who just wanted to get in my pants. Not to mention the fact that I'd never be attracted to a guy who would do that anyway.

"I'm sure he respects you." He snorts, shaking his head. He definitely put quotes around the respect word. "Just please do not do anything to upset your mother." Too late.

"I'm not going to." That cheesecake is going to burst into flames if I stare at it any longer.

"Well, I had to do my Dad thing. As long as he is respectful of you, and your mother is here to supervise I think it's okay to have him over. But we'll have to set some rules." Has he lost his damn mind?

"Rules?"

"He leaves before nine-thirty on weeknights, ten on weekends. No unsupervised trips to your room. If you do go to your room, the door must remain open. There will be no making out or horizontal behavior of any kind in this house. Understood?"

"Sure." The rules he's set out are so laughable given the situation it's nearly impossible to keep a straight face.

"One other thing. I want to have a formal introduction with him so I can ask him some questions myself. Get to know him." He takes a bite.

"I don't know -" of course he cuts me off.

"I want him to come over for dinner one night this week." Oh damn, that's going to be a problem.

"He, um, his mom's really strict about having him home for dinner." I'm flailing like a goldfish on a kitchen counter.

"I think she can make an exception." He scoops up the last bite of cheesecake.

"Maybe he could come over after dinner?" Dad puts his fork down. Great, now he's suspicious.

"Why don't you want him to come over to eat? I won't cook, we can order something."

"No, it's not that."

He folds his arms. "Then what is it?"

"Ava?" Mom's voice silences both of us.

"Claire, what are you doing up?" Dad rushes to grab hold of her, like she's going to fall.

"I was lonely."

"Oh, Taylor." He pulls her in for a hug, kissing the top of her head. I put away the cheesecake as they talk in low voices.

"Maybe we could watch a movie?"

"Whatever you want," Dad says. Mom winks at me as he helps her into the living room. Well played, Mom. Well played.

I half-ass all of my homework as we watch My Cousin Vinny. Mom's snuggling with Dad and keeps laughing. It's nice to hear, even if it's weak. Dad laughs with her, but only after she does. Clearly, he's not watching the movie, and instead watching her. It's kinda sweet. And it makes me think of Peter. I hope he's okay. I feel along the thread that connects us. He's close, but not too close. I'd had enough space to remind me why I never wanted him to leave. Even when it was hard, I was better with him than without.

I get restless waiting for Peter, and as soon as I can, I kiss my parents goodnight and head up to bed. I know Peter's there, but it's still a relief when I open the door to find him standing in front of my window, wings fully spread. I want to run and throw my arms around him and have him tuck his wings around us, making a cocoon, but I don't.

Instead I say,

"My dad wants to invite you over for dinner."

Peter

She closes the door and leans on it. "Don't worry, Mom distracted him, so I think he forgot about it, but you need to come over and formally meet him so he can pretend he's all concerned about my virtue and make sure you're not a psycho trying to steal his little girl." I am always startled by Ava's unique way of putting something.

"But that's not important right now. Are you okay? I feel like we left on a weird note." Her hands flutter, as if she wants to touch me and make sure I am fine.

"I am fine."

"Are you sure?"

"Yes." Ava gathers her nighttime clothes, turning her back so I can't see her pick out underwear.

"You're not lying to me, are you?" Her worry about rejecting me earlier speaks louder than her voice.

"I would not lie to you, Ava." I attempt a smile, and she returns with her own. Warm relief floods through her as she goes to take a shower.

She continues to talk to me through the door. I have to speak loudly for her to hear, and she worries about her parents hearing, but she will not let me in the room while she is showering. I have never seen her naked body. I would like to, but not unless she wanted me to see it. And right now, it doesn't seem like she does.

I had not thought of having a physical relationship with Ava, at first. After we danced that one night, and after the Claiming, I feel differently. I did tell her I'd never been with anyone. I wasn't quite sure how it would work, even if we were to try.

"Are you going to see your friend tomorrow?"

"Yes." I have not seen Cal in at least twenty years. It will also be the first time I have sought him out.

"Where does he live?"

"I don't know." This is true. The last I knew he was in Canada.

"So how are you supposed to find him?"

"Viktor will help me." He should be back tonight. Another one of Viktor's talents is finding people. I am not sure if it has to do with the bind with Di, but he has always been able to find me.

"What does Viktor have built in noctalis radar?"

"He is good at finding people."

"But this guy is your friend and you don't know where he is?"

"No. We do not keep in touch."

"I can imagine that. I hope you find him. It seems like shooting in the dark, but if you say so." There is a pause as she rinses out her hair. "I'm sorry about today. I didn't mean to push you away. It's just a lot, sometimes."

"Yes." She is speaking of the Claiming. "You do not have to apologize."

"I know you don't need me to, but I need to. Does that make sense?"

"It is a human thing, an apology."

"Noctali don't apologize?"

"No."

"Huh." The water runs as she thinks for a moment. I hear a sponge scrape across her skin. "Do noctali get jealous?" What made her think of that?

"Probably."

"Do you?"

"No." I think about it for a moment. I sense the emotion coming from her. I feel it. This is what I do when I get a new emotion from her. I taste it, feel it. Try it on. It is not a good feeling. Yes, I have felt it before. But only since I've met her. I'm thinking about jealousy as she turns the water off.

"You don't get jealous?"

"Not until I met you." I can feel her smiling. She likes that I am jealous.

A few minutes later, she comes out, wet hair dampening her shirt.

"I know I shouldn't feel good about the fact that you get jealous because of me, but I kinda do." She flops on her bed and crinkles her nose at me. I fold my wings and settle to the floor by my trunk.

"I get jealous when I can't be with you. I am envious of anyone who gets to be with you." I don't know why I tell her this, other than I know it's going to make her blush and she does. I like it when she blushes, even though it reminds me more about her blood.

I still want it. I was able to stop in the car, but I cannot stop now. Not when she is so warm and sleepy.

"Ah." She clutches at her stomach, folding her body around it. She breathes deep, and I feel guilty for the second time today.

She gasps. Her pain slices through me, dulling some of the want. But still, I must have her blood to stop her pain. This time.

"Not again." She turns her head. I instead take her hand, where a wide bracelet hides my previous feedings. I hate to use the same place, but I don't want more marks on her body. There are many more intimate places I could take it from, but I would do that to her.

"Please." Her pain throbs like a heart. I bite softly into her wrist, clamping my lips around it so I don't miss a drop. The flavor hits me like lightning bolt. She'd talked about earth-shattering cheesecake once. This was earth-shattering blood. If I ended my existence at the exact moment, it would have been satisfying. I pull the blood from her veins, letting it burst in my mouth. Her moan of pain does not stop me. It barely reaches me. What does stop me is her hand on my head and her voice.

"Peter, that's enough."

Through the haze that has taken on a brilliant white tint, I hear the words and feel her warm touch. I release her wrist, nearly throwing her back on the bed.

"God, Peter. That wasn't very nice." She gets up, going to the sink in the bathroom and turning the water on. She shakes as she rinses her wrist off. The water is pink as it swirls down the drain.

I give her the only words I have. "I am sorry."

"It's okay. It's not your fault."

"Let me take care of it." I pull out the medicine kit from above the mirror. "Sit down." She crumples to the edge of the tub, shivering, even thought the night is warm.

"I keep forgetting what it's like," she says as she holds her wrist above her head to stop the bleeding.

"What is it like, for you?" I am curious.

"Well, it isn't fun, but I'd rather give it to you than not. It's just something we have to go through. Some couples disagree about whether they like Thai food or not. We have this." She points to her wrist, which has two semi-circular imprints of my teeth. I slather it in antibiotic ointment, fighting the urge to lick off the excess blood. I wrap it up and then put the wrist cuff back on.

"Better," she says.

"Good."

"I am truly sorry. I did not wish to hurt you." She closes her eyes.

"It's fine." It is not fine.

"You can tell me."

"I don't know. I just wish there was a way we could be normal. Not that you were normal, because I love the way you are." She licks her lips. "But for your sake, I wish you could be normal. If that makes any sense. I just wish you could experience the things you can't. God, that sounds terrible."

"It doesn't." I understand what she wants. I want it as well. What I used to want, before Ava, was to end my existence. I would still be content with that, if it were to happen. But I also have another wish. That I could go to school with her, holding hands. I wish we could go to the local eatery and I could share a pizza with her. I wish I could experience earth-shattering cheesecake. I want to be human with her.

"I used to think what I wanted was to end my existence."

She shakes her head. "Don't say things like that. I don't like hearing them anymore."

"That is not what I want anymore. I wish I could be human with you."

"Me too." I'm still crouched in front of her. She reaches out and pulls my head to her chest. It is a brave thing to do. I still have the taste of her blood on my tongue. I lick my lips, trying to get some of the residue.

"But you can't have what you want," She says into my hair. I put my ear to her heart.

"I have what I want. This."

"This is nice." We stay like that for a while, even though she's trembling.

"May I get you something?"

"Maybe some pizza from the fridge?" We both hear her stomach growl in protest from the blood-taking.

"I will be right back."

Her parents are awake downstairs in their bedroom, but it is a simple matter to go to the kitchen and retrieve the pizza, a plate and a paper towel. I stop for a moment to listen to them.

"Sam, you have to stop pretending. This is happening, and just because you don't want it to isn't going to make a difference."

"I know."

"We'll see each other again," she whispers. I hear them kissing.

"Why Taylor, have you gotten religious on me?" She laughs and he tumbles her around.

"Maybe. It's something to think about. That my soul will live on somewhere."

"If anyone's soul deserves it, it's yours." They resume kissing and I go back upstairs. I'd snagged a can of ginger ale as well. I'd heard Ava's mother say once that it was good for an upset stomach.

Ava is back in bed, covers pulled up.

"Did you want it warmed up?"

"No, this is fine." She takes the pizza and munches on it. "How are you feeling?"

"Satiated." It's what I always tell her afterward.

"Happy?"

"Yes." No one has ever asked me if I was happy. I never was, so it didn't matter. I smile.

"Almost normal," she says.

Chapter Eight

Ava

Peter stays in my bed again, so I guess you could say that we slept together, even though he doesn't technically sleep. I'd broken one of Dad's rules just hours after promising not to. Go me. Still, it was nice to wake up in the morning see him there, still reading.

"Did you sleep well?" Not really. I had the stupid burning dream again. I need to ask Tex about that book. I wonder if there's anything in there about getting rid of dreams. If that's possible.

"Yeah." I think he can tell when I'm lying, but he knows I have a good reason, or he just doesn't care and lets it go. I love that about him. It's insane that I can let him literally suck the life out of me, and love him while he's doing it. But in a way, all relationships do that. They take from you.

My wrist hurts like hell, as if someone's been sawing through it. Well, not really sawing. More like chewing. Ew. It wasn't like that. If you didn't know what he was doing, you'd think he was kissing my wrist. Just a hickey. Only with teeth.

The blood is a small price to pay for all that I get from him. He may not be able to love me, but he can do a whole lot of other things. I've experienced more love from Peter, even if he doesn't call it that, than most people get. I'm lucky, honestly.

"I must go." He's doing that distance-gazing thing, as if he's reaching for something he can't have. Peter may not be able to smile, but he does longing really well. "Viktor is waiting for me."

"How do you know?"

"He told me."

"What?" Peter points out the window. Slowly I get to my feet and peer out the curtain. Oh hey, Viktor's down there. I wave to him. He doesn't wave back.

"I'll miss you," I say, looking down at my wrist, at the mark he'd left on me.

Something makes me look up. He's smiling. It's a good one, too. It splits his face and makes these dimples appear around his lips and really, really makes me want to kiss him. Like, throw myself on him and kiss him and have him kiss me back and put his hands...

I shake my head. His smile fades.

"How was that?"

Perfect.

"Good. Keep working on it." I feel like I should give him a cookie or something for making such a good smile.

"What happens after I conquer the smile?"

"We'll graduate to laughing. I'll have a ceremony and you can wear a mortarboard and toss it into the air." He looks confused, which ends up making me laugh.

"You didn't have graduations back in the day?"

"Yes, we did. But you only got a mortarboard for college graduation. I was a junior when I died." It always throws me off when Peter talks about his human life. Like he's talking about a different person he used to know. It both fascinates me and makes me feel really young and inexperienced. Also unworthy.

"Well, we'll have to make up for that." I really need to get ready. All this chat time with Peter is going to make me late. Since he entered my life, I'm almost always late.

"I must go," he says again.

"I know. Will you be back tonight? I've got my date with Jamie, but I'll be home before nine." I have reservations about him being far away, but I don't want to be a needy girlfriend, so I keep them to myself.

"Yes. I will be here when you get home. But I may have to go farther away than I have."

"Do what you have to do. I'll survive." Barely.

"I know you will. I hate to leave you." Not as much as I do.

"Well, the sooner you go, the sooner you'll get back." He stands next to me at the window. I want to hug him or something, but don't. I almost fall off my feet when he kisses me. His lips are not on mine one minute, and then they are. An ambush kiss. I'm so startled, I don't do anything for a few seconds. Maybe more than seconds.

Then I'm kissing him back, reaching my arms around his neck. He puts one hand on each side of my face and pulls my head back so I'm looking right into his eyes. He doesn't even have to pull me in. I'm already there.

"What was that for?" I don't need to mention it's the first time he's kissed me. Usually I'm the one making the move. He lets me, but that's not the point. I'm always the one leaning in.

"I wanted to take the taste of your lips with me." Oh swoon. He's been saying increasingly more swoony things lately. It totally makes up for the blood-taking.

I give him one more kiss.

"There." I bless my stars that I brushed my teeth before he decided to do this.

"Goodbye, Ava-Claire."

"Goodbye, Peter. I'll see you tonight." He blinks in the affirmative, slides out the window and falls to the ground. Of course he lands like a circus acrobat. I hear Dad's car pulling out of the driveway. Good thing he's leaving.

I feel the pull as he leaves, and it gets worse as the minutes tick by. He said he might be going far, but he didn't say how far. We've never really been farther apart than a couple of miles. I feel bad about him being chained to me, but it's not really something either of us can help.

I still feel our connection, but it's like there's static on the line. The feelings aren't as clear, and they go in and out. It worries me, but I know Peter is safe with Viktor.

I'm getting ready for school when a dull pain starts somewhere near my heart. Great. I have actual heart burn. What the hell. I try to ignore it and put my jeans on.

The pain gets worse, and I take several pain pills with my breakfast in hopes that they will help, even though I know they won't. This kind of pain can't be cured by pills.

My mother is up, surprisingly, and putting dirty laundry in the washer. She must have waited until Dad left. Sneaky.

"Are you sure you should be doing that?"

"Someone has to." Her arms look longer because they're so thin. I look away, seized by another shot of pain. It's getting sharper, knifing into my chest.

"I have to go, I'm going to be super late." Tardy passed ten minutes ago.

"Want to play hooky?" I turn back around, trying not to show the strain on my face.

"Are you serious?" Can she read my mind now?

She throws a pair of socks into the washer like basketballs. My, don't we have the energy this morning. "I got stuff for pies. You need to learn how to make pie crust. I forgot to put that one on the list."

"Wait, you're adding to the list now?" I have to lean against the machine and I grit my teeth.

"Well, when I think of things." She shoves more things in the washer. It's going to take at least four loads to get it done. I'm not a huge fan of laundry. Dad isn't really, either. That's going to have to change.

"I don't have anything I can't miss." Shh, it's a secret. I can still go out with Jamie tonight. Of all my bases that need to be covered, attending school isn't one of the important ones.

"Great, I'll call the school." She chucks the rest of her armload in the washer and goes to call. I throw the detergent in and turn the washer on.

She comes back, throwing her arms around me. "All set." I hug her, so grateful that she somehow knew I needed a mental health day. Mom and I have tea and sit in the morning sun that floods the dining room. I wish I could enjoy it.

As the minutes tick by, the pain in my heart region starts to get worse. More stabby. Yeah, I definitely couldn't get through a day at school. I text Tex and Jamie, telling them I'm not feeling well. Tex offers to skip school and bring me soup. I tell her nice try and that my mother is taking care of it. She does call me out of work, which I beg her not to. But Texas Sarsaparilla Anne Hamilton doesn't take no for an answer.

Jamie also offers to come over and bring my homework, which I do take him up on. My sweet Jamie. He'd be late for track practice, but he wouldn't care. Coach wouldn't either, because Jamie was his golden boy. He was everyone's golden boy. He also offers to postpone our date, but I say no.

"I feel like I haven't really seen you in a couple days." She smacks a kiss on my forehead. "I had a chat with your father about Peter. I think I got him out of having dinner with us, but he'll have to come over some night this week after and bring coffee or something. Can he drink coffee?"

"I don't think so." She waves it off.

"No matter. It'll work out." She sounds almost like Peter. A jolt of agony goes through me and I grab at my chest, like I'm trying to pull the knife of pain out of me.

"Are you okay? What happened?"

"Nothing, I'm fine." She looks at my face and sees that I'm not.

Peter

I expect the pain, but the sharp brightness of it startles me. It begins slow, and builds until it is so keen I can't see, hear, smell, taste, feel anything else.

I stop running for a moment. "What is wrong?"

"It is hard to be away from her." My voice is strained in a way it has never been since becoming a noctalis.

"I have heard that can happen. I have not experienced it myself."

I nearly stumble from the pain, but clench my teeth and keep running. This has to be done. I have to find another way for her to be free. Even if it causes some pain.

Viktor stares at me. "You are in pain without her."

"Yes."

"I understand." I know he does. Perhaps not the physical pain, but he does understand what it is like to lose someone as a noctalis.

He stays silent for a while, thinking. I do not need mind-reading abilities to know who he is thinking about.

Her name was Adele and he had met her on a brief trip we had taken to Paris. She was sixteen when she was turned into a noctalis, but looked much younger. Everything about her was small and delicate, down to her tiny nose. He took her to the top of the Eiffel Tower and that was it. They hunted together in the slums of Paris for several months and I stayed with them a few times. Adele was lovely and bubbly and Viktor smiled when he was around her. We made a family. At least for a little while.

One day we were running and Adele collapsed to the ground. Viktor dropped down next to her, asking what was wrong. And she crumbled to ash, leaving her clothes empty.

I will never forget the sound he made. It would be similar to the one I would make if I lost Ava. Part of me can still hear it. Viktor had gone back to Russia after that and would only feed when desperation became too much. He had only ventured out when I needed him a few weeks ago.

"Do you miss your cabin?"

"I have had many years of solitude. It was time for me to end it."

"Where is he?" So far we are just coming into the border between Maine and New Hampshire.

"Florida." Florida. That is a long way away. I had never thought of places in terms of distance before. I could fly anywhere, so distance did not matter. But being tied to Ava, it does.

The pain is already bad. I don't know if I can make it. But I will try. The taste of Ava is still on my lips.

Viktor and I are mostly silent. He changes into his noctalis form, and I have to push to keep up with him. If I could fly, there would be no contest.

When we pass Pennsylvania, I have to stop for a moment.

"You should have brought her. I did not know it would be this difficult."

"Nor did I." I shake my head, trying to rid myself of the pain. I am so cold, if I could shiver, I would. I hope she is not in as much pain. I try to get a vibe, as she calls it, but there is nothing. My thoughts and emotions are my own. It is a cold and quiet feeling.

"We must go." So we do. I have to stop again in Georgia. I can barely run, so Viktor slows down to match my pace. The heat is thick on my tongue. I imagine it tastes like Ava's blood.

We have to dart in and out of roadways. I prefer the rural setting of Maine. It takes much less time to get anywhere because of all the free running space. Although the architecture is lovely to look at. I cannot focus on anything but moving one foot in front of the other. One more step, one more step, one more step. And then I can take no more steps.

A jolt of pain tears through me. It is too much. Too terrible. Too great. My body cannot take being without her for one more second. I will end.

I fall to the ground, screaming, the sound shattering my ears.

Chapter Nine

Ava

Mid-morning I'm in so much pain that I can't even stand up. Mom is seconds away from calling 911 when I cave and tell her the truth.

"It's because," excruciating pain, "he left." More excruciating pain. "Oh, god." The pain is so bad I have to run to the sink and puke. Good thing my hair is up.

"Baby, you're sick. We need to take you to the hospital." She looks so worried, but I'm in so much pain I don't have room for much else than that.

I can barely turn the sink on to wash out my mouth.

"Is there any way you can get him to come back?" She pushes a few strands of hair back from my sweaty face.

"No, he doesn't have a phone." When did talking get so hard?

"He should probably get one if this is going to happen." I want to scream because it might make me feel better, but I can't get enough air in to do it.

"Come on, let's get to the couch." She barely has enough strength to get us from the kitchen to the couch. We sort of cruise over, me hunched like a little old lady. I never thought sitting down would be so impossible.

"Have you taken anything?"

"A little while ago." It's down the drain by now.

"Maybe we should put some heat on it." She's weirdly calm, as if I've just got a strained muscle. She must be seriously freaked out, and trying not to show it. I guess I failed Dad with the whole, don't-stress-Mom-out thing. I failed the morning after I made the promise. If I were a noctalis, I'd be dead within 24 hours. Or re-dead.

The only sound, other than the screeching of my own pain is the telephone. Dad's called about forty times today, making sure Mom's okay. Somehow she's able to hide what's really going on in an eerily composed voice.

I start screaming his name in my head, just to focus in something other than the agony that burns inside me.

Peter Henry MacKintire! Get your ass back here right now! Please.

I dissolve into just saying his name over and over in my head. If I could, I'd rock back and forth. Mom comes in with a heating pad and plugs it in. She practically has to use the Jaws of Life to get me out of the fetal position.

"What was so important that he left you like this?"

"He had to go do some stuff." It's too complicated to get into while in this state.

"Did he know this was going to happen?"

"No." I suck in a breath through gritted teeth. Jesus Christ, it feels like someone is jamming a flaming sword into my chest over and over. And over. Mom flutters her hands over me, putting a blanket on and then taking it off, bringing me glasses of water and every single pill in the medicine cabinet. Nothing helps.

Just when I think I can't take it for one more second, it gets fractionally better. Like 1/1 millionth. But it's enough that I notice. I don't say anything about it. Maybe it's a fluke.

Nope, it moves another notch better. A few minutes later, another notch. Mom's rubbing my head and humming songs. Like I'm a fussy baby she can't calm.

Finally, it lessens enough so I can breathe again.

"Is it getting better?"

"Yeah. A little." It's still a lot of effort to talk. I keep screaming his name in my head, trying to feel for our connection. I'd lost it a while ago and my head had been so silent.

It had been really lonely. Weird how the only person I'd had in my head was me for 17 years, but after Peter had infiltrated my mind, I'd gotten so used to it, that it was a quiet place when he was gone. I wanted it back. I also wanted the pain to go away, and I was starting to get my wish.

A half-hour later the pain was bearable, so I could sit up and uncurl my body. My mother keeps humming, and somehow it's helping. It gets so much better than I'm able to get myself to the bathroom. Not upstairs, but still. At least I can walk.

It takes another hour for the pain to subside into a dull ache. Mom's trying to make me eat something, but I don't feel like it. Not until Peter comes back.

His thoughts finally come to me in little blips. He's worried. Freaked out. Desperate. I kinda hope he's been in as much pain. Which is horrible, but if he's been sitting around thinking I was fine, I'm going to be very upset. Epicly upset.

I get more feelings from him and one of them is pain. It's sharp and hard, just like mine. Only it's less physical and more of an emotional kind. Like someone's trying to scoop my soul out with a burning spoon. Well, this is fun. I go from sitting up to curling into the fetal position again. So much for progress. Mom is instantly alarmed. As if she wasn't already.

"What is it?"

"He's coming." I have to grit my teeth again. Who knew your soul could hurt like that?

"I thought it was supposed to get better."

"I'm just getting stuff from him. I guess I wasn't the only one in pain." I try not to gloat.

When he's a mile away, I get his feelings so brilliant and close that I gasp. As if being away has somehow made our connection stronger.

Minutes later there is a crash outside and the front door almost flies off the hinges, he's in such a hurry. He really does look like an angel. I have one last thought that he must have flown because his wings are out before he wrenches me from the couch and into his arms. He isn't gentle. I don't care. Let him crush my ribs. He is here. And I want more.

And more and more.

When I can breathe again, he puts me down and clutches my face. I try to breathe, and find that it is not difficult. It is easy. What was I making such a fuss about?

"I am so sorry. Are you well?"

"I am now. Are you okay?" I feel like I need to check him all over to make sure he's all there. It's so damn good to see him. We just stand and stare for what feels like eternity. It might as well be.

At first we're serious, just basking in the fact that the other is here and we feel whole again. I get a luminescent joy from him that lights me up and I start laughing. He smiles, and it's so perfect I have to kiss him. There's a crash that resonates distantly. I don't bother to look until Peter pulls back and cranes his neck around. Oh yeah, my mom's still here. Imagine that.

She's standing at the other end of the couch. I notice there's a broken lamp on the floor. It's one of the lamps she'd gotten from my grandmother's house before she died. It was her favorite, with handpainted butterflies on it. I glance from the lamp to her, trying to connect the dots.

I think for a second how this must look from her perspective. Here I am, in massive amounts of pain and then this guy with a set of ginormous black wings bursts in, sweeps me up and then kisses me. I'd probably do more than break a lamp.

"See? All better." I smile sheepishly at her. "I think you can put those away now," I say to Peter.

"Ah, yes." There's the Velcro sound and the wings suck their way back into his shoulders. Mom gasps and covers her mouth with her hand. It is pretty impressive. If I do say so myself.

"I am sorry for bursting in, but I could not let her suffer for one more moment." His thumb traces my face, as if making sure everything is still in the same place. His eyes haven't left me. As if I'm the only thing he'll ever want to look at again. It goes both ways.

"It's fine." I'm so happy, I'm sure I'll explode with it, sending glitter and sparkly goo everywhere. Peter's eyes and hands finally leave my face and he looks down at the lamp, moving away from me. I have to resist my urge to grab him and never let go.

"Let me clean that up for you. The glass will not cut me." Mom still hasn't moved. The longer she stays frozen, the more worried I get. I hope I don't have to slap her or anything.

"Here," I say, going to the kitchen to get a garbage bag and a broom. It's so nice to be able to move without pain. I still remember what it felt like. It's never going to happen again. If Peter has to strap me to his back, that's how it's going to go. Because I can't do it again. It would kill me.

Mom's staring at the broken lamp as if it's going to dance and sing and repair itself.

"Mom? Are you okay?"

Her eyes blink. "Fine. I'm fine," she says, her voice barely a whisper. "It was just, a little shocking. Just give me a moment." She holds up one finger.

"Take your time. Maybe you should sit down." I usher her to the couch and get her sitting. Water, I should get her a glass of water. It worked last time. Sort of.

Peter's busy cleaning up the lamp, and Mom doesn't look like she's going anywhere so I dash to the kitchen and fill a glass with cold water. I press it into her hand. She's staring off into space.

"Mom," I say sharply. She looks up.

"Do you want to talk about it?" She wraps both hands around the glass and takes a sip.

"One moment you were in pain and the next he was here and there were these wings and he was picking you up and it was just a lot to see." She drinks again. Peter cleans up the mess as quickly as he can.

"Um, maybe you should put a shirt on." I don't want him to, but it might make him look more normal and maybe Mom will stop freaking out so much. "I have a sweatshirt upstairs you can borrow." He nods and is back in about five seconds wearing my "District 12 Tribute" sweatshirt. It makes me want to laugh, but the situation is so unfunny that I can't muster up the humor.

"Those wings are very, impressive," she says to Peter. He comes around the couch and stands next to me. "Does it hurt when you, ah, put them away?"

"No."

"Where do they go?"

Blink.

Mom looks at me, confused.

"It's not really an exact science. It's more like magic than anything else."

"Magic?"

"Yeah. There isn't really an explanation. It just is." I shrug. Mom drains the glass.

"So you two are..." She points at each of us to indicate a relationship.

"It started before the Claiming, but yeah." Eventually, I'm going to have to explain about the curse, but only if we can't break it ASAP. Which reminds me...

"Did you find anything out?"

"No." So all that pain was for nothing? Oh, that's just fantastic.

Mom coughs. "I think I'm going to lie down, if you don't mind. Peter, you're welcome to stay."

"Thank you Claire. Get some rest." His hand reaches for mine. Reassurance.

"I will." Her eyes are still pretty wide and she kind of floats down the hall. I'm going to have to check on her.

"Well?" I say as soon as she's out of earshot.

"I had to come back."

I put my arms around him and place my head on his chest where his heart would be. I sigh and breathe him in, trying to erase the memories of agony. "So you didn't get anything? Why didn't you just bring him back with you?"

"I did not make it there." His fingers wind in my hair.

"How far did you get?"

"Georgia."

"You couldn't send him a message or make Viktor go see him or something?" I'm starting to think we are wasting our time with this.

"There is an easy solution to all this." I'd been considering it since I knew I loved him, but had never said it out loud.

"What is that?" I can tell he's smelling my hair.

"Make me a noctalis."

Peter

I ask her to repeat the words, even though I knew I heard her right. My hearing is perfect. I just needed to hear the words from her again. Then I have one thing to say to her.

"No."

"It's not your choice to make." I let go of her, stepping back to see her face. "It was just an idea."

"I will not. Ever."

Her chin rises. "You Claimed me."

"That was different." So, so, so different. With the Claiming, I took her blood. If I made her a noctalis, I would take her soul. Humans can make more blood. She could not make another soul.

"I don't see how. I just went through hell when you left me. I never want to go through that again. The only way to break the Claiming is for you to kill me, or make me a noctalis. If it comes to that, I'll take the second."

"I will not." She storms upstairs. I follow her. She lets me into her room, and slams the door behind me. She puts her forehead against the wood and then turns on me.

"My mother is going to die. Maybe not today, but very soon. And then I'll have my dad. I have Tex and Jamie, and my Aunt Jenny but that's it. I have a very small group of people I can count on. Who love me. I know you can't love me now. But you could. You could love me and we could be together. Forever. I'm not saying that you should do it right now, but someday. You won't even consider someday?"

"You would be losing your soul."

Her hands twist the cord that holds the key to my trunk. "You'll take good care of it for me."

"I will not take it. Your soul belongs here," I point to her chest. "And wherever it will go after this body is done doing its purpose. You would never see your mother again."

"I can't base my decisions on things that may or may not happen. I don't know how I feel about heaven and all that, but I know how I feel about you and I know that I want to do this for you. You don't have to make the binding promise to me. You can make any promise. Just a little one. Like always turning the light off when you leave a room. Something stupid. Just something to undo the other one. See? It could work." She tries to take my hands.

"You do not know if it would work."

"You didn't know the Claiming would work. Big rewards require big risks." Her hands ball into fists. I can hear the desperation both in her voice and in her thoughts. She wants this very much. She shoots it at me, trying to make me give in. But I will not. Tears spill over her cheeks.

I back away from her. "There has to be another way. We will find another way."

"Why do we need another way when we have this one?"

"There is a better way."

"Is there? Do you know that for absolutely sure?"

"I do not." I will not lie to her.

"Then will you at least promise to take me with you next time? I will not go through what I did today. It's not happening. I don't care if you have to fly me at night. I'm not leaving you." She strides toward me and grabs the shirt I am wearing. Her shirt.

"I won't leave you." Her words are full of tears.

"I won't leave you, either." I can't help myself. I pull her face upward and lick her tears away.

"What are you doing?"

"Taking your tears."

"Oh." She looks at me puzzled, but lets me. Then she starts to giggle. It's a bubbly light sound that makes me feel much better. As if the past hours had never happened.

Chapter Ten

Ava

He was being completely unreasonable. I mean, all I'm asking him to do is make me immortal and make me a promise. Piece of cake.

"I need to go down and check on Mom. " I mean, I'd just gotten him back, and I didn't want to take the chance that he'd go even a few feet away. I wasn't needy enough to ask him to come with me. "Just stay here." I put my hands up like he's a dog I'm asking to stay.

"I will wait." He's always saying that. I always believe it.

I dash down the stairs. The freaking door is still open. I go and shut it. Good thing he hadn't broken it. It would have been fun to try and explain that to Dad.

I can hear the radio on in her room. She doesn't have a television in there. We might have to get her one, though, when she gets sicker. One thing at a time.

"Mom?"

"Hey, baby." She's lying on her side, staring out the window. The curtains are open and the woods is beyond. There's a birdfeeder just outside with two goldfinches perched on it.

"Look. You almost never see two at once." We watch the birds for a moment. Well, she watches the birds and I watch her. She looks more relaxed.

"How are you doing?" It's a different question than how are you feeling.

"I'm okay, I guess. It was just a lot. Visually." She makes a gesture with her hands that I think is meant to indicate Peter's wings.

"Yeah, I know. The first time he didn't warn me either. He just busted them out." That's not exactly the truth, but I want to make her feel better.

"It was quite breathtaking. He looked like an angel." My vampire angel.

"Yes, he does." I blush. Except for the black feathers. They make him look like a fallen angel.

She finally turns toward me. "What are you going to do now?"

"It's kind of complicated. We're just going to bask in the non-painfulness for a little while." Forever.

"Why did he go?"

"He was meeting with someone." I still need the details for myself.

"Was it some sort of noctalis meeting?"

"Sort of. He had to ask him something." It sounds really dumb out loud.

"I think I need some time to think about it. I'll probably have more questions." Her hands inch toward the notepad that sits on her nightstand. I have an identical pad in my own room. I hadn't used it in a while. Maybe it would help Peter and I figure things out. Or help the case for me becoming a noctalis.

"Sure. Can I get you anything?"

"No, I'm fine. Looks like our day got kind of hijacked." She fingers the edge of the notepad.

I give her a swift one-arm hug. "We'll do it again soon. I promise."

"Okay, baby." She looks back out the window and I can tell she wants to be alone. I close the door softly and go back upstairs to Peter. He's also staring out my window. He looks so good.

"How is she?" he says without looking away from the window. They're so much alike sometimes.

"I think she's coming to terms with it. I did. Tex did. I don't see why she should be any different." He's trying to distract me.

"I'm not giving up." I prop my chin on his chest, tipping my head back so I can stare at him.

"I know. I am hoping I can find something that will change your mind."

I take a deep breath.

"If you want to go for a little bit you can. I'm fine now." Oh this is such a lie.

"I cannot leave you." Well that's good because I don't want him to anyway. At least we're on the same page with that.

"You can. I'll be fine. I need to start making dinner anyway. Oh god, the laundry." I slap my forehead. With everything else, I'm pretty sure we'd left a wet load in the washer.

He thinks for a moment. "I could help you."

"You know how to do laundry?" This is the first I've heard of it.

He blinks. "You could teach me."

"Okaayyy." It sounds like one of the last things he'd want to do, but he attempts a smile and kisses my forehead. The smile's not great, but not bad either.

We go downstairs and find that, yes, there is a load of wet laundry in the washer. I move it over to the dryer as Peter watches like I'm splitting atoms or creating a Van Gogh replica.

"What do you do when your clothes get dirty?" I've always wondered, but felt rude asking.

Blink.

"Get new clothes."

"Where?" Somehow I can't picture Peter walking into the Gap and coming out with a polo shirt and khakis.

"I steal them."

"Oh. You should let me buy some for you. I don't feel right about you stealing."

"I leave them something in return."

Okay, now my curiosity is piqued. "Like what?"

"Old coins."

"I guess that's one way of doing it. If you want, I could sell some of the coins for you. Or I could just buy clothes for you. I have plenty of money." Another white lie. But if Peter needed money for clothes, I'd definitely spot him a couple hundred bucks.

"I cannot take blood and money from you." What's mine is his.

"I'll give you both those things and you know it." I start piling more clothes into the washer. Dear god, please let there be no underwear. I don't care so much about Peter seeing my clean underwear, but dirty is another matter. It's way too intimate. I decide to drop the money issue, for now.

"So you put in enough to fill up the machine. You have to put the heavy things like jeans spaced out, so they don't all get to one spot and stop it from spinning." He listens as if I'm describing the most fascinating thing ever. I let him pour the detergent in and crank the dial. The machine guns on. It's really old. Although, not as old as Peter.

"That's it," I say, flourishing my hands.

"That was not very hard." He sounds disappointed.

"Yeah, but when you have to do it all the time, it's a pain in the ass." I have a crazy thought. Well, not so crazy. If Peter wants to help me out with stuff, I'm not going to stop him. Especially if he wants to do dishes. Or clean the lint trap in the dryer. Or a million other little chores that don't get done anymore. I ask him if he's game.

"Of course." As if he was waiting for me to ask. How could I not love him?

It seems crazy to be doing little mundane tasks after what happened this morning. But what else are we going to do? This stuff needs to be done, and I could use a hand to do it. I ask him once again if he's okay with it and all I get is a blink. Good enough for me.

I show him a sorts of things like changing lightbulbs and the wonders of Clorox wipes. He takes it all in, and I can tell he's paying attention.

"I'm not totally boring you, am I? I know this isn't riveting stuff." I'd just shown him the amaziosity of the microwave.

"Anything human is interesting to me." I find that impossible to believe. Vomiting is not interesting. Neither is doing taxes.

"If you say so."

Jamie calls me during his study hall.

"Hey you."

"Hey, Ave. I just wanted to see if you were okay." My stomach clenches with guilt. A rumble outside makes me look up. It sounds just like...

"Oh my god, what are you doing here?" He hangs up and I rush to the door. And remember that Peter is here. Crap. But he's already ahead of me.

"I will be on the roof."

"You don't have to leave." Thinking about him being on the roof makes me feel like I'm going to die all over again.

"You need to be with your friend. I am right here. I will not leave. If you need me, I will know." He takes my hands and presses a kiss to my hair. And then he tugs away and is up the stairs. Jamie knocks on the door. I glance from the stairs to the door. But I'd let Jamie down so many times. Suck it up, Ava.

I answer the door, and I can't help the smile that spreads across my face. His own face beams, and I notice he's got a shopping bag on one arm and my homework tucked under the other.

"Jamie."

"How are you feeling?" I step aside so he can come in. His smell slices through the air.

"Why don't we go outside? I could use a little sunshine." And fresh air. Fresh non-blood-scented air.

"Are you sure? I don't want you to get sicker."

"I'm fine," I say, yanking his arm out the door. He's too much of a gentleman not to follow my orders. He drops the bag and homework before I tug him toward my mother's flower beds. The tulips are just starting to peek their little heads out of the ground. I reach down and brush a leaf off one poor little bud. I'd have to come out this weekend and do some work with Mom.

I plunk myself down on one of the Adirondack chairs. Jamie takes the other. He's studying me as if I hold the answer to life. His face is so serious.

"Ave?" he finally says. I shade my face with my hand. Uh oh.

"Yeah?"

"You're not sick, are you?" I open my mouth to lie. But I can't do it anymore.

"I'm not sick. But Mom is."

Peter

I wait on the roof, trying to give Ava privacy. But I hear every word. I hear her blood rush as she confesses her mother's illness to Jamie. Her pain at hiding the truth from him had finally become too much.

"I've wanted to tell you so long. I just... couldn't." Tears roll down her skin. Jamie breathes steadily next to her. Listening. Deciding what to say. She picks at the paint on the chair, composing herself. Despite her pain at saying the words, an immense sense of peace engulfs her, and, in turn, engulfs me in a glorious relief. The desire for his blood evaporates from her.

"Oh Ave." The chair protests as he gets up. Their clothes rustle as he folds her into an embrace. That simple gesture breaks her. Their hearts beat in opposition, synching for one moment. Sounds erupt from her. Tearing, painful sounds that rip at my ears. I want more than anything in that moment to go to her. But I stay where I am. Listening.

And then a sound I do not expect. Laughter.

"I can't believe I finally told you. I haven't told anyone. Not even Tex." The sound comes out of her like a rushing river. I delight in the sound.

Jamie is as shocked as I am. But I hear him smile as he wipes the tears from her cheeks.

"I'm glad you told me."

"I'm sorry that I waited so long. It's just that with Cassie and everything, I didn't want to put more on you." He pulls her into a hard hug, almost stealing her breath.

"This is what I'm here for. This. Right here. Being here for you. Because we're there for each other. We're family."

"I love you, James."

"I love you too, Ave." They hug again. And then Ava makes a joke about getting snot on his shirt and the moment is broken. Laughter sparkles in the air and they dissolve into talking about human things. School. Teachers. Homework. Things I could never understand. Things I could never share with her.

So I sit and wait for her to come back to me. She is human. She must have moments to be the girl she would have been if she had not met me.

Chapter Eleven

Ava

Jamie brings me soup and ginger ale and everything from his medicine cabinet. And cheese and butter and bread. And Stand by Me, our favorite movie to watch together. He knew me so well.

"What about practice?"

"You're more important." And I knew that I was.

But part of my mind is still on the roof with Peter. Part of my heart as well. It wasn't something that I could control. He'd Claimed part of me, and I'd given him the rest.

I also keep one ear turned toward my mother's room. From the sound of her deep breathing, she's asleep.

Jamie stays for two hours, made me grilled cheese, tomato soup and sitting next to me on the couch. I have to keep moving over because his blood was making me want. I try to focus on the movie, but the blood want keeps poking at me.

"I'll be right back," I say, hoping he'll think I'm going to the bathroom.

"I'll be waiting." He sounds like Peter. I dash up the stairs, tear open my door and shove my face out the window. Gulping fresh air, I almost scream when a face appears in front of me. He's upside down, hanging over the edge of the roof like Spiderman. I have flashes of that kiss in the rain scene in the movie. Now is not the time for kissing, Ava.

"I was coming to get you." I've never seen Peter upside down. It's a good look for him. At least his hair is out of his face so I can see those amazing eyes. They fix on mine, unblinking.

"Thanks. I'm fine. I just needed a minute." I breathe in through my nose, out through my mouth.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah. I'm good now. I got this." I toss him a smile before pulling my head back inside. My body protests leaving him again, pulling me back toward the window. It's a bit like trying to run through the ocean. Something's always pulling you back. I fight against it.

Jamie's licking the butter off his fingers when I flop back on the couch. I stick my tongue out at him. He grabs my nose, but there's something wrong. The sun has gone behind the clouds again.

"What's up James?"

"Nothing." He smiles, but it's weak. I know his face almost better than my own.

"Nope, you don't get to do that. I got to dump my stuff on you, you get to do the same. We're family, remember?" He looks down at his hands.

"Jamie?"

"I'm just worried. About Cassie. And what's going to happen when the baby gets here. I don't know what Dad's going to do." Jamie's dad may be an alcoholic, but there was no way he could hurt a baby. No way.

"He hasn't hit her again, has he?"

"No." He lets out a breath of relief. "He's actually been sober for a two days. He went to an AA meeting."

"Really?" I never thought I'd see the day. "Maybe he's going to change."

"Maybe. But I can't stop thinking that it's only temporary. That he'll do it for a little while and then something will go wrong. I'm just scared, Ave."

"I know. But if you expect him to fail, then he will. He needs your support. Maybe this baby is what he needs to finally turn his life around." I wasn't ready to say everything happened for a reason, but maybe this was a case when it did.

"She let me feel it move the other day," he says quietly, a tiny smile almost coming out. If anyone would love that baby as much as it deserved, it was Jamie.

"That's really cool, Uncle Jamie." I toss my napkin at him. He laughs, finally.

"Sooo, Tex and I were thinking about throwing Cassie a baby shower. Unless one of her friends is already doing it."

Jamie snorts. "You and I both know Cassie doesn't have friends." She did have a habit of burning her bridges when it came to friends, even in high school. "Besides, she's done with most of her friends. They were the ones who got her into this in the first place."

"So, do you think it's a good idea?"

"Who would come?"

"Tex and me and your mom and mine and..." I can't think of anyone else. "I could invite Aj."

This makes Jamie laugh. Everyone adores my Aunt Jenny. Well, except my dad, but that's because they were brother and sister.

"We don't have to think about it right now. We have a few months to plan it out."

"Sure."

"I wish there was more I could do for you. I've been MIA as a friend." He pulls my feet into his lap and starts massaging them. Oh heaven. Jamie gave the best foot rubs. I hadn't had one in months. We hadn't done anything like this in months.

"You've had a pretty good reason." I close my eyes and lean back into the couch. I may have told Jamie Thing One, but there was still Thing Two and Thing Two-and-a-half. Still, Tex knew about those, so with my two best friends, I'd covered both Things.

There is such a freedom in unburdening a secret. But it is our fear of what will happen after the secret is out that keeps our lips sealed. I hadn't exactly been afraid of telling Jamie. I was just afraid that saying it out loud, my mother is going to die, made it real.

But it was real.

Jamie finally departs, taking with him the rest of the groceries and my secret. He promised that we'd go out to Miller's that weekend like old times. Come hell or high water or an army of noctali, I would be there.

Peter comes down the stairs as soon as Jamie's truck is gone.

"Well done."

"Thanks. It felt good."

"I could tell." There's something off about him. A nagging feeling that pulls at me. I take a moment, trying to understand it.

"Are you okay?"

"I am fine." Oh please, I was the queen of I Am Fine-land. But I let it go. I had to pick my battles sometimes.

Mom finally emerges from her room a few minutes later while Peter and I are cleaning the kitchen. She appears to have gone totally zen about the whole thing, asking if I would make her some tea in a completely calm voice, not taking any notice of Peter. I hope she isn't stuffing what happened earlier away in some dark place where it will attack her in some quiet moment. I hope I haven't broken her. Again.

"Was that Jamie I heard?"

"Yeah, he brought over my homework."

"He's a good boy."

"He is."

She takes a sip of tea and scratches her head. She's not wearing a wig. It's the first time Peter's seen her without one. I'm surprised, but I keep my mouth shut.

Setting down her cup, she looks up at Peter for the first time.

"So you're an angel."

"Not quite," he says, making me laugh. Mom looks back and forth between us before taking another sip of tea.

"He's a little bit of everything supernatural." I can tell she's mentally struggling with it. For some reason, actually seeing Peter in his noctalis form was more shocking than telling her he wasn't human in the first place.

"You look like an angel," she says, tracing the rim of her cup. I had to agree with her there. He did. Something in the way she said it reminded me of a conversation we'd had a few weeks ago. About heaven and angels and what happens after you die.

Oh.

I send her back to bed after another cup of tea, and she doesn't protest. I'd like to go to bed myself, but someone has to be alert in case she has another episode.

By the time Dad pulls in, I've got the last load of laundry in the dryer, baked macaroni and cheese in the oven, the table set and my mother on the couch with a cup of tea and a romance novel. Booyah.

She's thoughtful, but calm. I'm waiting for the other shoe to drop, but as time wears on I expect it less and less. My mother was strong. Strong enough to see a vampire angel and not run away screaming.

And now it's time to say goodbye to Peter, at least for a little while. I'd rather tear my own arm off than be in a separate room, but it has to be done. I put on a brave face. Or try to.

"I will see you later."

"Bye, Peter." I give him a kiss on the cheek. He turns my head and gives me a soft one on the lips. Between that and his smile, my knees go weak and I almost fall when he zooms up the stairs. My heart wants to lunge out of my chest and chase after him, but I'm able to keep it in my chest.

"He's like Batman, vanishing into the night with a swirl of his cape," Mom says from the couch.

"I prefer to think of him as the Phantom of the Opera. You know, without all the stalking tendencies and love for basements and singing." I had no idea if Peter could sing. Probably. He was good at everything else.

"He needs a mask," mom says, going back to her book.

"True."

Dad bumbles in, sighing heavily as he puts his briefcase down. As if it holds all the weight of the world. Wasn't Atlas the one who held the world on his shoulders?

Immediately, he goes to the couch and Mom. She and I had already had a chat about what we would tell him, and what we wouldn't. We both know that he would probably have a heart attack, and neither of us wants to go through that.

"Hello, Sam."

"Hi, Taylor." His face lightens up considerably as he goes to give her a kiss. It reminds me of the moment I had with Peter earlier. God, I have a one track mind.

"How are you?"

Making my exit, I go to the kitchen to take the casserole out of the oven, giving them some privacy.

"Good. Ava's been taking good care of me." We'd also made a pact that we weren't going to talk about the fact that I stayed home unless it came up. Which it shouldn't. Dad didn't pay much attention to my school stuff, unless I was failing or something. He left all that in my mother's capable hands. Which was hilarious, considering she was the one who'd let me play hooky today. Actually, it had been more like painy, at least until Peter had gotten back.

"She has?" He looks over at me, and though his voice is pleasant, his eyes are narrow and suspicious. I smile and nod, straightening my apron. Mom's letting me borrow it. I feel so freaking domestic.

"How was work?" Mom tugs at his sleeve, turning his attention back to her. He sits down, taking her feet into his lap as he tells her about a board meeting he'd attended. I tune them out, content to let their voices be the soundtrack to my dinner-making.

Between their talking and the chopping sound as I make a salad, the house feels kinda peaceful. I should stay home more often. The only thing that could make it better is in my room. I send my contentment his way. After all the turmoil of the day, we could use a little contentment.

We have a quiet dinner before I park myself on a chair and half-ass my way through the work I missed. It wasn't much, but there was a worksheet for geometry that I struggled with. Math has a vendetta against me. I don't know what I did to piss it off, but we've been at odds my whole life.

I happen to know for a fact that Peter is fabulous at math. He's good at everything academic. Because he's had so much freaking time to study. Also, his brain works ten times faster than mine. Sometimes he makes me feel like an ogre. A stupid, glompy ogre. As long as he finds my glompiness endearing, I guess that's all I can ask for.

"Ava, are you feeling okay? You look really pale." Have I mentioned my mother is awesome? There was no way with what happened this morning that I could get through a day of school tomorrow.

"Yeah, I'm not feeling that great." I lean over in my chair, putting my head on the armrest. Mom gives me a look that says I'm laying it on too thick.

"Maybe you should go to bed."

"Yeah, I think I might." It try to inject just the right amount of weariness into my voice.

"Maybe you should stay home tomorrow."

"I'll see how I feel in the morning." We're totally talking in code, and Dad's completely unaware. He's too busy brushing her wig behind her ear. She'd put it on before he got home from work. I think she wants to smack his hand away but doesn't.

Tex texts me as I'm walking up the stairs. I groan inside, but read the message anyway.

movies? U, me, the boys?

maybe, but nothing mushy. no vampires either.

no romcoms, no vamps. got it.

ttyl.

peace, bitch.

"Guess it's the movies," I say to Peter when I finally walk in my room. He's always in the same position. Back against his trunk, book in hand, feet stretched out in front of him, hair in face.

"For the date?" Somehow he knows what I'm talking about.

"Yeah, whenever we get around to it. Where is Viktor, by the way?" I belly flop onto my bed, exhausted. I was sure I'd just lived through The Longest Day Ever.

His eyes don't leave the page. "Searching for information."

"He's a good brother." Compared to Ivan, The Traitor.

"He is."

I watch him as he reads. It's better than any reality show. "Why did he stay in that cave in Russia for so long?"

"It was a cabin," he points out.

"Whatever."

He pauses, as if he isn't sure Viktor would want him sharing the information.

"He loved a girl. She died."

"Was she human?" I want her to be. I want to know that our love is possible. If we didn't have the Claiming and the curse and all that. If it were just the two of us.

"No. She was a noctalis." Damn.

"When did that happen?"

"1914."

"Wow, that was a long time ago." It feels like another world, another planet from mine. Back then they had radios and cars only went 10 miles an hour. Women couldn't vote. I probably wouldn't be able to be half as sarcastic and snarky as I am. It would be awful. The only thing that would make it worth it would be Peter.

"Love between our kind is unusual. We do not need companionship and it is not how we procreate." I giggle when he uses the word procreate. What can I do? It's a reflex.

"Sorry. I just think it's a funny word. Keep going."

"He met her in Paris. They only had a few months together."

I put my chin in my hands, and he closes the book. I wonder if she was the noctalis he saw die. "What happened?"

"She turned to dust one day when we were on a hunt." His eyes meet mine unflinchingly, and I don't want to talk about this anymore. But I was the one who asked.

"Viktor has spent most of the time since thinking about it."

"Wow." It's kind of romantic, I guess. It makes me feel bad for Viktor. It also makes me understand him a little bit better. His stoicism is just a broken heart. Aw. But that's not going to happen to me, or to Peter. Not while I can still fight.

Peter

I watch her try and sleep through another fitful night. I tap her shoulder a few times and she rolls over, sighing and moaning. Her dreams plague her. Unconsciously, her hand scratches at her wrist where I have taken her blood. I lean forward and smell her skin. Intoxicating.

It was still true, what I had told her that first time she had come back to the cemetery. She was reckless. And beautiful and smart and witty. Everything that she should be.

For not the first time, I wish I had never entered her life. If I had not Claimed her, we still could have ended it. I would have spent the rest of my existence thinking about her, but she would have moved on. My resilient Ava.

What would her life have been like? I push some hair away from her face. She might have gone to college, studied whatever she wanted. Met a boy and fallen in love. Real love. Human love. They would have married and had children and a house.

I could see her, sitting on a porch swing with a baby in her lap, her head thrown back in laughter. And a man taking her picture. I cannot see what he looks like, but he is human. I could see her lying on a flowered couch, a book in her hand. Her face, softened by age, her hair a luminous white. Grandchildren run in to bestow hugs and kisses on her. She smiles with eyes that have seen the world.

All of it. I see all of it in one flash. I had taken it all away from her.

That night I had Claimed her had been a mistake. Perhaps Ivan would not have harmed her. If I had left her alone, he would have. And Di would have. If Ava wasn't a threat to her, she would have been that human girl.

It was my fault. My own selfish fault.

I trace her face with my fingers. This sarcastic, stunning human. I couldn't be without her. That first night, Ivan had told me that I wanted her. I did want her. In so many ways. In every way.

She says my name in her sleep. Reaches out. I take her hand and kiss it. Her eyes flutter open and then closed. I pull her to my chest, resisting no longer.

Ava had surrendered to me, and she wasn't even aware of it.

I would have to remind her. Every day.

Chapter Twelve

Ava

True to her word, Mom lets me stay home the next day, dealing with Dad so I don't even have to see him in the morning. I wake to the smell of baking. This is a good sign. I roll over and find Peter immersed in another historical fiction. This time it's a continuation of Pride and Prejudice. I hadn't gotten a chance to read it yet, but he seemed engrossed.

"Hey, baby." I didn't get much sleep, and I know he noticed. I'm also trying to be nicer after trying to guilt trip him last night. I wasn't very nice to him sometimes. He never seemed to mind, though.

"Baby?" He blinks once, asking.

"I don't know. I just thought I'd try it out. Doesn't really work." Nicknames for Peter? Not so much.

"You slept badly."

"Yeah, I'm aware. Thanks for letting me know."

"I am concerned."

"Aw, thanks Peter. That's so helpful."

"You are more sarcastic when you do not get much sleep." And now I want to punch him. Then I see his face and he's all beautiful in the morning sun that peeks its head through my curtains and falls across his face as if it was painted there. And then I want to kiss him. So much. But I can't.

I forgo the kiss because he smells so clean and crisp and I know I've got morning breath so I roll myself out of bed and somehow get my feet under me.

The baking smell calls to me, but my toothbrush screams louder. By the time I get my scary sleep-deprived face to look a little less sleep-deprived, Peter's finished the book and Mom's calling up the stairs for me.

I wave goodbye to Peter and he goes back to his book. Sighing, I tromp down the stairs and am instantly enveloped in the smell of cinnamon rolls. Pure heaven.

"How you feeling?"

"Meh." She's looking a hell of a lot better. Her skirt is pressed and her blouse is ironed and her blonde wig is on straight. I'm wearing holey sweatpants, a t-shirt from eighth-grade ballet camp (yes, there is a such thing as ballet camp) that was once white, and my hair is so tangled it might be mistaken for dreadlocks.

"Well, anything is an improvement on yesterday." The oven dings as I crash myself onto one of the stools at the counter.

"True. What's with the Betty Crocker?"

"I haven't made them in so long, and I just felt like it." At the exact moment my feet cross the last step, she brings out the tray of the most gorgeous cinnamon rolls I've ever seen. Seriously, those things could give Peter a run for his money on the deliciousness scale. They might go so far as to be earth-shattering.

"So," she says, taking off her oven mitts with authority. "How are you really? You scared me." I try to swallow, but my throat won't work properly.

"I'm sorry." I ruin everything. Way to start my morning off with a bang. With the thing I feared more than anything else. More than losing Peter or wanting to save him and become a noctalis.

Hurting my mother. The worst crime I could ever commit.

"Love rules without rules." If I didn't feel like such a horrible person, I might have rolled my eyes.

"That doesn't make it right."

"True love conquers all," she says.

I fill a glass with water, hoping I can swallow my guilt. "And now you're quoting Disney."

"A dream is a wish your heart makes," she sings, drizzling glaze over the cinnamon rolls. My face forms a smile. I can't help it. She always brings me up when I'm down. What was I going to do without her?

Before my morbid thoughts can swirl into a freak out, she dabs glaze on my nose.

"Come on, ma fleur. Yesterday is over. Move on. Today hasn't even started. Why ruin it now?" I wipe the frosting off and lick it off my finger.

She's right. I have to learn how to bring myself out of the dark place without her. Peter's pretty good at it, but I can't rely on other people to save me. I have to save myself. No time like the present.

I smear some glaze across her cheek in return. Instead of laughing, she yanks me to her side, crushing me in a hug.

"That's right, baby."

With my new resolve to live in the moment, I spend the morning and afternoon on the couch with a fluffy novel. Of course I also consume not one, but three cinnamon rolls. My stomach was so wrecked from the previous day that I felt instantly better with some calories in me.

Mom asks where Peter is and I tell her he's hanging out in the woods. It sounds better than waiting in my bedroom.

"I'm not even going to ask," she says and starts washing the cinnamon roll pan.

****

"Baby, can you go out and get me some milk and eggs? Oh and some tissues?" The keys to her Jetta land next to me on the couch with a jingle. I wouldn't be caught dead at school in the outfit I'm wearing, but going to the local market didn't bother me. My outfit would be considered fancy, because it was clean. Sort of. Compared to the other people at the store, I'd be wearing Coco Chanel. But that's how Maine is.

"Be right back." I sling my hair up in a clip and grab my purse. Peter's waiting in the passenger seat of the car for me. I want to continue our discussion (fight) from last night, but I've promised myself not to do things like that. I'm taking a page out of Mom's book. So instead I hop in the car and give him a smile.

"Hey, baby." He makes a smile that pulls up just one side of his face. Oh. My. God. If I wasn't sitting down, I would have collapsed. I have no words for the desire and want and just, oh, that course through me. How the hell does he do that?

"How was that?" The smile drops away and his face goes back to normal. Composed. Calm. Like the smooth surface of an undisturbed pond. I'd sputter and say something if I could get air into my body to even make words with. "I will not call you that. I was trying to be human. I need more practice." A sound that is akin to "ungh" comes from my mouth. Breathe, Ava. It's easy. You've been doing it for 17 years.

"Shall we go?"

I close my eyes for a moment. It's like a hurricane of pure want and need and Peter crashes over me. And I can't take it anymore. I throw myself over the middle console, jamming the shifter into my hip. I'll feel the pain later, but now I can only think of my destination. His lips.

They are my only concern as I smash mine into his. I open my mouth and try to drink him in. Savor him and his smell and how he feels. His mouth moves against mine, and I hear sounds coming from me that sound kind of like a kitten, but I can't stop them and I can'tstopcan'tstopcan'tstop. I'm in his lap and wrapped around him and I want to sear this moment on my brain like a brand so it can never be taken away.

And then reality crushes me in its claws and I leap back into my seat. Or at least I try. Peter has hold of my waist. Somehow his hands are against the bare skin of my back and my shirt's ridden up. I don't really remember that happening. Instantly, I start to babble.

"I'm sorry, that was stupid. It was the smiling. And calling me baby. You can't call me that ever again. Apparently I have no self control when you say it like that. So don't do it again."

I'm still panting, trying to fill my body with oxygen again. His unblinking eyes watch me. I hope he's as unsettled as I am. It's hard being the only one.

"I will not promise. But I will try."

"Why won't you promise?" As much as I loved, loved, loved hearing him call me baby, I loved having him my life more.

"I thoroughly enjoyed your reaction." Oh that makes me want to smile and kiss him more.

"But it's dangerous. I shouldn't be kissing you. Not that just kissing you is going to lead to, well, you know, but I should stop doing things that. I mean, I'm not really at my best right now anyway." I point to the sweats. Not exactly sexy-making.

"You can do whatever you want. I desire you, as well."

"You want me? Even when I look like this?" I squeak. Also not sexy-making.

"I will always want you." It's so easy for him to say things like that.

"Well, wanting can lead to other things like that pesky word we're trying to avoid, so I'll stop doing things that make you feel that way." I don't know what these things could be. If he could love me with my hair in a clip and wearing sweats, what's it going to require? Not bathing or brushing my teeth? Uh, skunk perfume?

"I will always feel that way. I desire everything you do." Okay, that's not true because there are plenty of unsexy human things I do. But there he is, being all sweet and making me feel hot and gushy inside like a molten chocolate cake.

"We should get to the store, Mom's probably wondering why we're still sitting in the driveway."

"She saw us kissing." Of course, this does not concern him in the slightest.

"Oh no," I say, dropping my face to the steering wheel. "How do you know that?"

"I saw her for a moment. The rest of the time I saw nothing but you." I should give him a round of applause. Even when saying nothing he manages to slip in something that makes me want him. Is he trying to get me to tackle-kiss him again?

"We should go." His voice brings me back. Right. Store. Items I need to buy.

"What do I need to get?" I can't even remember how to turn the car on, let alone the items. Luckily, Peter is often my brain when my own fails.

"Milk, eggs, tissues."

"Thanks." What would I do without him? I'd have no one to kiss and I'd forget everything I went to the store to get.

The trip is uneventful, apart from the fact that Peter stands behind me the whole time, reminding me of his presence. There's also the pervasive scent of blood that leaks out of anywhere humans are contained.

I'm so distracted by it that, Peter has to hand me the items and steer me toward the front of the store. It's just a gas station, really. The shelves are made of plywood and the floor is so eroded you have to watch where you step. It's dusty and most of the candy has been there so long it's probably expired. But it's the only game in town.

I pay with a few crumpled dollar bills and drop a few quarters I find in the bottom of my wallet into the jar for the local animal shelter. The woman manning the counter is missing a few teeth and her hair has been dyed so much that it looks like it's trying to escape from her head in revolt. Or maybe she sprayed it that way.

She hands me my change and I thank her, trying to hold my breath. As the door slams, I picture turning around, leaping across the counter and using the pizza cutter on the counter behind her to slice her neck open. I inhale as deep as I can when I get outside to dispel the image. It fades away, but not before it's burned on my memory.

"Stop thinking about it."

"Thinking about what?" Oh no, don't tell me...

"Killing her." Nononono.

Peter

The bag of groceries drops from Ava's arms, but I reach to catch it before it smashes on the ground. No one is around to see.

"How did you know about that?" I have not told her that every now and then, I receive mental images from her. Mostly when she is upset or angry. Or she has a desire. Whether that be to kiss or kill.

It had only happened a few times, and I saw no need to concern her with it. But the image I had just gotten was so vivid, that I could not let it go.

I tell her and she holds onto the car for support. She closes her eyes and shakes her head, as if she doesn't want hear the words. Her lips form the word 'no' over and over. She repeats it as if it will help her keep a hold on reality. I set the bag down and reach out to her.

"Ava-Claire, look at me." At the sound of her name, she meets my eyes. Hers are blurred with tears. I use my thumbs to wipe them away before slipping them into my mouth. Her sorrow is salty and sweet at the same time.

"What's happening to me? I didn't want to tell you. But I feel it all the time and I don't know what to do. I'm scared." Her voice is soft, like the brush of a feather.

"You do not need to be scared. You would never hurt anyone."

She pushes her fists into my chest, trying to push me away. "But I want to."

"Wanting is not doing." She tries to shake her head but I hold it in place. Trying something I've seen her mother do, I kiss her forehead. Her breath shudders out of her mouth and I have to pull away so I don't kiss her lips.

"I'm scared," she says again. I sense there is more she is not telling me.

"Get in the car. I can drive." I take the keys from her hand and usher her to the passenger seat. She sits and lets me buckle her seatbelt.

"Ava." I say her name to make sure she is still there. That she has not left me for the place humans call shock. Her eyes meet mine and I see that she is still with me. I get in the driver's seat and go to the first place that comes to mind. The cemetery.

Neither of us had been back in a while. I knew she missed it. The calm quiet of it. A representation of mortality. The stones all in a row. The names lost to time.

I park the car and turn it off. Ava says nothing. Wiping her eyes, she turns in her seat to face me.

"I don't know what to do. Why is this happening to me?" She holds her hands out, asking me for answers. I only have one to give her.

"The Claiming."

"Obviously, but what can we do about it?" This conversation will not rest. She is determined to end her life. But there is something she has not thought of.

"Ava-Claire, if you became a noctalis, it would be like that all the time. And you would need it. You would not be able to stop yourself from going over the counter and killing her. It would take years to gain the control you would need to simply go into a store. I do not want that for you. I want you to grow and learn and make mistakes and have children and do all the human things you should. I want so much more for you than this."

Sobs shake her body. I did not want her to cry again, but it cannot be avoided. I envy her tears. I envy the emotions that wash over and through me like dark, disturbed water.

She dives forward, throwing her arms at me. I let her. I see the want and desire and need in her mind. It is a bright red thing, pulsing and spreading. But what she wants is not what she should have.

We always want what we cannot have. Her reaching out to me reminds me of when I would stand outside of my parent's house in New York and press my hands against the window. Knowing I could break through the glass and be a part of the scene within, but not being able to. I understand more than she can ever know.

"This is not a real existence."

She grips my arms and tries to shake me.

"I'm prepared to do that if it means I get to have you. That's all I want. You. The other stuff doesn't matter." But it does. It always will. There will always be a sheet of glass between us. We can feel each other through it, but neither of us can cross. I cannot become human, she cannot become a noctalis. This was not a problem when she did not love me, and I did not adore her.

"We are not going to agree." I pull her arms from mine with little effort and place them in her lap. I cannot watch her run into that clear wall anymore today. The want and desire and anger from her is too much. It spurs my own want and anger, and I worry I might hurt her. The smell of her blood floods the car and it is all I can do not to bite her.

"No, we're not." A brief laugh bubbles out of her mouth. I am relieved. If she can laugh, even a little, that is progress. The fiery feelings of just a moment ago cool, and I am able to pull away.

"We should probably go home." It doesn't escape my attention that she had called it home and not her home. But ours. It was true. She is my home. I had nowhere else I would ever need or want to go. Even if I want to kill her most of the time.

"I can drive now." I get out of the car to give her the seat. Before she gets in, she reaches out and embraces me. She wipes her face on my shirt, drying her tears, leaving damp patches.

Chapter Thirteen

Ava

After the revelation that Peter can sort of read my mind, things calm down for a few days. I go back to school on Thursday to little fanfare. I'm hopelessly behind, but with my newfound resolve to live in the moment and not regret the past, I start catching up. Peter helps me with some extra credit math assignments, and starts reading aloud some of the books I needed to catch up on for English. Actually, he started reading aloud all of my books, including textbooks. Chemistry became waaayyyy more interesting when he was explaining it.

Mom's doing better. She has no episodes, and I call her several times a day while I'm in school to check up on her. She just laughs and says that she's glad for the solitude.

I go back to work at the bookstore and start putting money away for Jamie's Truck Makeover. Tex still thinks it's a lame idea, but I ignore her. She's still pestering me about the double date, but after I snap at her one night and tell her to leave it the *^$% alone, she does.

I'd spent two days trying to convince him to take me to see his friend, but he refused on the grounds that I needed to rest from our separation and he didn't want to make me sick by dragging me all the way to Florida in the middle of the night. No matter how much I begged and pleaded and protested and snarked at him, he wouldn't budge. I'd even tried giving him the silent treatment, but that had worked about as well as everything else. Meaning not at all.

Jamie's dad continues to be sober and less of an ass**le, so I take Jamie out to Miller's for breakfast on Saturday to celebrate. Of course Peter comes too, but Jamie doesn't know that. I felt the pull to be with him, even though he was just outside the restaurant in my car. It seemed our connection had gotten shorter.

Whereas before he could go at least a mile before I felt any effects, now he had to be within at least twenty feet for me to feel safe and comfortable. It sucked for me, but I felt ever worse for him. I had him on a really short leash. I tried to give him more blood to make up for it, but he refused. Such a martyr, that Peter.

****

There's a strange car in the driveway when we get home from Miller's and I instantly panic. My emotions are definitely getting the better of me lately. I can't blame Peter entirely, because 99 percent of the crazy feelings are mine.

"There's someone new in the house. A woman. She smells like honeysuckle and bricks." I think for a moment, but then it clicks. There's only one person I know that smells like both of those things who drives a VW Bug.

"What's Aunt Jenny doing here?" Just as I'm getting out of the car, the door bursts open and a voice calls out across the porch. A voice I'd know even if I didn't have extra-sensitive hearing.

"Oh. My. God. Is that a boy in your car?" Jenny stands on the porch, hand shading her eyes, staring at Peter. Oh dear. I wasn't prepared to make yet another introduction. At least Aj is way cooler than Dad. It was a wonder they were related at all.

I give him a look and he gives me a blink. Guess he's okay with it. "Yeah, it is. His name's Peter," I yell back. I don't think too hard about the reason she's here. I've been emailing her at least once a week for years, but I haven't actually seen her in months. It doesn't take a rocket scientist (or a noctalis) to figure out what she's doing here. I just wish I would have had some warning.

"Well, get him on up here, I want to meet him!" She windmills her arms as if she can draw us up the porch just by force. This is one of the many reasons I love this woman. Suddenly this day looks like it might not suck so much. It had started out not sucking. But I shouldn't count my chickens. She hasn't met Peter yet.

"Hey Aj," I say, leaping into her waiting arms. Other than my mother, she's the most easy person on the planet to hug. Aj's taller than me, but somehow we make the hug work and her arms go around my back and I feel safe. If only for a second.

"How are you doing?" Her words are barely a whisper, but I know Peter hears them. I pull back and she studies my face. The way she does it reminds me of Peter. As if she's looking down into the well of my soul. Searching for coins or sparkling things.

"I'm..." I struggle to find the right word. The thing is, there is no right word. "I don't know. Trying." It's true. I was trying. But failing most of the time. She holds my face in her hands and kisses my cheek, like a blessing. I feel Peter behind me. He'd stayed back a bit to give us some privacy. Because he was considerate like that.

My chest starts to feel tight and it's hard to breathe.

"Aj, this is Peter. Peter, this is my Aunt Jenny." She turns me so that she can keep her arm around me. Her fingers dig into my shoulder. This is not a good sign. I feel her fear. For the first time since I hugged her, I smell her blood. It's sweeter than Dad's. If I'm categorizing the smell of blood. Which I'm totally not. I try holding my breath.

"Nice to meet you, Peter." She says his name as if she's unsure. The hand that's not holding onto me sticks out, waiting for a handshake. Here we go.

"It is nice to meet another part of Ava's family." Human hand, meet noctalis hand. I feel her flinch all the way through her body. A worse sign. She's got noctalis radar. Big time.

"What are you doing here?" I say, trying to distract her attention.

"Claire called me." Her eyes pull away from Peter's face and focus back on me. I can almost smell her unease. I was so hoping they would get along.

Peter was right. She does smell like honeysuckle and bricks. The honeysuckle I knew about. It's her favorite scent. And she lives alone in an old brick house that she calls her castle.

"Did she tell you?" A weight presses on my chest, making air a precious thing. I try to take a deep breath, but it's not easy. Peter is concerned, sending soothing vibes my way. They're not working.

"Yeah, she did." Her arm holds tight, as if she'll never let go. Eyes, absent of tears, search mine again.

"We should probably go in," I say. Dad's at a charity golf tournament, so Peter's allowed inside.

The smell of blackberry jam cake fills my nose, tamping down the smell of blood. I trail my hand in the air behind me, and Peter briefly touches my fingers. Letting me know he's there and that I should stop freaking out. I really don't understand why I'm so stressed about Aj being here.

"Hey baby, look who came to see us!" Aj laughs and Mom plants a kiss on her cheek. They look like they could be sisters. With her dark brown hair and similar height, Jenny and Mom are two peas in a pod. Except for the eyes. Jenny's are a lovely brown. They remind me of chocolate with gold swirled through it.

"I know. How long are you here for?"

She rolls her eyes. "Just today. I have to get back to work, but I'm going to come more often. I miss you. I miss knowing what's going on in your life." This is a direct jab at Peter, who lurks in the doorway. He's out of place in this situation, but I don't want him going anywhere.

"Who wants cake?" Mom says.

Peter

"Don't you want some cake?" Ava's Aunt asks.

"No thank you, I am lactose intolerant." It is the line Ava and I agreed on when my eating habits came up. Ava's energy is frenetic and panicked, but also she is happy to see her aunt. It is hard for me to follow as she flits from one emotion to the next. Her panic continues to rise, escalating with each second.

"Oh really? That must be horrible." She takes a bite of cake and I am reminded of Ava and her earth-shattering cheesecake. Ava toys with her fork, trying to calm down. I brush my fingers on her back, giving her reassurance. She will be fine. We are fine.

"I am used to it," I say. I am used to not eating.

She takes another bite with relish.

"So, how did you two meet?" Ava looks at me, and I take the lead from her.

"I went to a party with my brother that Ava was also at. Our eyes met across the room and I knew I had to speak to her." I meet her eyes and try a smile. She chokes a bit on her cake, so I must have done it right. The flash of desire also indicates I have done well.

"And then I spilled a drink on you," she says, blushing.

"How romantic." Jenny's tone is such that I can tell she doesn't find it romantic at all. She does not like me. And it is not simply her natural reaction to a noctalis. Even if I were human, she would not like me.

"It was," Ava says, swirling her fork over the surface of the cake. My presence is intrusive and disruptive to their family gathering. But I worry about leaving Ava. Her soul yanks at me, making it impossible to even move away from her.

"Peter's an honor student at Galdon Academy. He had the day off so he came over to see Ava. Isn't that nice?" Ava's mother makes another valiant effort. I have nothing but admiration for that woman. It is such a shame that human lives are so short. So fleeting. Claire's is a soul that should live on. I was sure that it would.

"Sure." Ava's Aunt is more involved in her cake than the conversation. Her blood smells similar to Ava's. But I do not desire it.

"I'll be right back," Ava says, getting up from her chair. I wait to see if she wants me to follow. She pulls me with her, and I am forced to move, trailing after her like a lost sheep. Her power over me grows with every second.

I follow her upstairs, my hand on her back. Her breathing is uneven, jagged.

Once she thinks we are out of earshot, Jenny speaks to Claire in a hushed tone.

"You're letting her go up to her room with him?"

Claire smiles. "I don't think there's much they can do in a few seconds. I trust her."

"That's your first mistake." Jenny snorts and licks her fork.

Ava brings me into her room, closing the door behind us.

"I'm sorry I needed a second."

"I can tell. You are upset."

"No shit. I just can't deal with this right now on top of everything else." She walks from one side of the room to the other, hands tearing through her hair and heart racing.

"Calm down."

"That's easy for you to say, you're always calm." Her fingers twist together and it is all I can do not to seize her and make her look at me so I can calm her with my eyes. I try not to do that to her anymore. It is no better than tricking her.

"I am not. Your distress makes me distressed. And then it rebounds back to you, like light and mirrors. If you do not relax it will get worse and I am not sure if one of us will burst with it."

She gives a little laugh.

"Yeah, that would be great. Okay, calm, calm." Her eyes close and she shakes out her arms, taking deep breaths and rolling her shoulders. It does not look like a relaxing activity, but I stand by the door and wait. Her emotions continue to swirl, but at a slower pace. I do my best, trying to slow them further. Like ripples in a pond that spread out, it takes time.

"Okay, okay." She rolls her head on her neck. "I'm good. I think. I don't know why I freaked out."

"It was a surprise."

"I know, I know. I just thought things were going to calm down and now I'm freaking out again."

"You never have to be sorry for what you feel. Ever." I do not touch her, as much as I want to. My touch has done nothing but make her emotional today.

"They're talking about us, aren't they?" She turns her head to the side, as if she is trying to hear.

"Yes." I have been listening while she calmed herself. The majority of the talk was about males of my age and what they expected of girls and how those expectations could be met in only a few moments alone. I also learned that Jenny had been promiscuous when she was younger, and was concerned about Ava. Claire defended me.

"I can't quite hear them."

"I can."

She snorts, crossing her arms. "I figured." She lets out a huge breath, expelling all the air in her lungs. "I probably don't want to know, anyway. She probably thinks I brought you up here for something scandalous and not virtuous."

"She does."

"Oh well." Her manner is casual, but it does bother her. On top of everything else, it is beginning to become too much again. My hands have started to shake again, but I am strong enough to hide it.

"We should go back down. She probably thinks I'm having my way with you." Her voice is thick with desire, but she doesn't touch me. Afraid of what happened earlier. Of losing control and losing me. I need to give her some time with her family.

I follow her back downstairs. Jenny and Claire have their heads together as they giggle over a shared joke.

"Everything okay?"

"Fine," Ava says, smiling. Only I know how not fine she is. I decide to make my exit.

"I should get home. My mother is expecting me. I have homework."

"Yeah, sure," Ava says, hiding a small smile. "I'll call you later." She sends a rush of heat and love toward me. I send my adoration back.

"It was nice to meet you."

"Nice to meet you too, Peter." Jenny does not move to shake my hand. I nod to Claire and leave through the front door.

"Wait a second. How is he getting home?" Jenny's voice reaches to me after I've closed the door.

"He's going to run," Ava says, smiling again.

Chapter Fourteen

Ava

"How far away does he live?" Aj says.

"About fifteen miles."

"He's going to run fifteen miles?" Her eyebrows slide up her forehead.

"No, his mom will pick him up." It hurts to lie to her like this. But I have no choice. I can't do the Noctalis Talk with one more person this week. It's just not going to happen.

"Hm," she says, stacking the empty dishes from the cake. I'd managed to demolish mine after Peter left. Even with the smell of Aj's blood making my head swirl.

"How is your lovelife?" I say, going to the sink to help her. Aj slams her fist into my leg. Violence is our most often used form of affection.

"None of your business. You're the one who's keeping secrets about their lovelife."

I roll my eyes and shove her with my shoulder. "Come on, I need something normal to talk about. Please give me something normal." I put my hands together and throw in a good pout. Did pouts ever work on anyone in real life?

Aj lets out a big heavy sigh. Oh, this should be good. At least we're not talking about me anymore.

"Oh, do tell," Mom says, leaning on the counter and putting her chin in her hands. We're both waiting on the edges of our seats.

Her face blooms red as she says, "well, there is this grad student."

"Hold up, a student. You robbing the cradle Aj?" I jostle her again. Or try to.

She exhales loudly. "See? This is why I didn't tell you. He's 33. He worked for his father's business for years until it went under. He always wanted to go to college, but he felt like he had to support his parents. He's a wonderful man. You'd really like him." She bites her lip to hide a smile. Oh yeah, she's got it bad.

"Good looking?"

This time she's the one doing the jostling and I'm almost thrown to the floor by her strength. I really need to start kickboxing.

"Would I settle for anything less? Tall, gorgeous brown eyes. Still has all his hair." She sighs again. This time it's one of those girly sighs. "He has fabulous hair." Hair is an important quality in a man.

"Anything under that hair?"

"He's wicked smart," she says, using a Maine accent to turn the phrase into 'wikid smaht.'

"Right wicked smart," I say back, turning on my own latent accent. The normalcy of washing the dishes and talking about the values of men with good hair was just what I needed. Sometimes I got a little too focused on Peter and our crazy situation. I might be a noctalis someday, but for now I was human. And I needed to remind myself.

Jenny decides to stay for dinner, which Dad is late to, and helps us make burritos.

"You still a tree hugger?"

"Uh, if by that you mean vegetarian, yes." I'm busy chopping tomatoes while she pretends to watch the sweet potato and black bean mixture. Aj may be good at many things, but cooking is not one of them.

"What about eggs? They're baby chickens." I've been over this with Tex and Jamie a million times.

"Not unfertilized ones."

"Still." I was getting tired and I was getting snappy. Plus the blood smell had been driving me nuts all day. With Dad home, I was teetering on an edge and about to fall off. The being human had lasted for a few hours. Because I wasn't one of those anymore either. I was stuck between two worlds, with one foot precariously set in each. I send out a silent plea to Peter and seconds later there was a knock on the door.

"Perfect timing," I say when I open it. I smile at him, and then he says the worst words in the English language other than, "we need to talk."

"We have a problem," he says.

"Define problem," I say.

"Ivan is here."

"Define here." A shadow steps from behind Peter.

"Hello again, darling."

Oh.

Shit.

Peter

My natural inclination toward violence is multiplied tenfold when Ivan stands next to me. I'd briefly gone to meet Viktor to apprise him of our plan to visit Cal again.

We had taken a short run around the woods behind Ava's house only to find him waiting for us near the end of the driveway.

"Enjoy your run?" His face curled into a smile. It was a mystery how he managed it so easily.

"What are you doing here?"

He blinked. "I thought I would visit my brothers. What's wrong with that? We are family."

"What do you want?" He laughed, throwing his head back. It infuriated me that he could laugh so easily and I could not.

"You know what I want." I say nothing. "You took something from me. Something I can never get back. And I want you to pay for it." I have heard the words so many times before they had ceased to have meaning.

"Destroying me won't bring her back."

"I. Know. That." He was on an edge and I kept bringing him closer. Ava's baiting had worn off on me. I was becoming more human. It seems to be in their nature to pick fights. Or perhaps I was finally expressing one of the most human of all emotions. Anger.

"If you think that I will stand by and let you have something you denied me, you are mistaken."

"Ivan." Viktor says, sensing the escalating tension.

"You stay out of this. It is not your concern." Viktor backed off. He knew we could not do any damage to one another. We were at an impasse. Ivan took one step toward me.

"What does it feel like, Peter? To have the one thing you always wanted and worry every second that it will be taken away? Do you worry that she will trip and fall? Puncture her skull with a pencil while she is studying? Crash that ridiculous car? Their bodies are so soft. Vulnerable. Broken so easily. Do you worry about that, Peter?" His voice was soft.

I didn't say a word. Didn't tell him that I worry about those very things every single second of every single day. Every moment she is alive, I am terrified something will happen to change that. Things go wrong, blood vessels burst. And then she would be gone. And I would have nothing. My reason for existing, gone, gone, gone.

"Someday you will pray for the simple worries you have no. I promise you that." We couldn't making binding promises to each other, but still. Promises are serious things.

"You should go now," Viktor said. Ivan turned and I watched as he took his noctalis form. I stayed in my human shape. His skin slid from human to the glittering scales of a reptile. His hair sunk into his scalp. Turning back around, he fixed me with his eyes. The pupils were no longer round, but elongated.

Within seconds he was back to his human form, smile in place. As if nothing had happened.

"What are you fellows up to tonight? Bingo? Perhaps a lovely evening in the backseat of a car at a drive in movie?"

"You should go now," I said.

"And not get to catch up with that lovely lady you have Claimed? Never. I can smell her from here. And her mother. Shame about her shortened life." He lifted his face to scent the air. "Seems as if they have a guest. Honeysuckle? Interesting."

"Go."

"I don't think I will." I stepped away from him and looked at Viktor. There was nothing we could do. I had a brief and pleasing image of tackling him and grinding him into the ground, or wrapping him with chains that he couldn't break. But none of those things were possible.

We were a match, strength-wise and even with Viktor's help, nothing would be strong enough to hold him. Unlike the vampires and werewolves of legend, our only weaknesses were the promises we made. We could be weakened by thirst, but it would take weeks to get to that point. We didn't have weeks.

"You going to stop me? You and what army?" He gestured to the empty woods. "I could always contact our lovely mother to settle this. I'm sure she'd love a visit to see how her protegees are getting along." He stands next to me and throws his arm over my shoulder. "Right?" His smile could sharpen knives. I had no choice but to comply.

My only consolation was that he couldn't touch Ava. Her family... I would have to protect them. Viktor and I shared a wordless glance and he ran in the opposite direction of the house.

"Where's the fire?" He knew Viktor was going to set up a perimeter to protect from an ambush. I would handle the humans in the house.

And then we were on Ava's doorstep.

Her face was first one of happiness to see me and then confusion at why Ivan was here.

****

"Who's at the door?" Claire calls after our greeting and several seconds of silence in which I try to find the words to explain to Ava what is going on.

"Uh, it's Peter and, his, uh, brother." She says the last word dubiously, no doubt remembering the last time we met. Claire comes around the corner, wiping her hands on her apron.

"Oh. It's nice to meet you..." she says, silently asking one of us for his name.

"Ivan," Ava and I say at the exact same time.

"It is a pleasure to meet you too, Mrs. Sullivan." His smile is firmly on his face. Charming. She blushes a little as he says her name. He tends to have that affect on human women. Ava glares at Ivan.

"Mom, could you excuse us for a second? And keep this on the DL?"

"Sure, I need to check on dinner anyway." She gives Ava a look I have seen before that means she will demand details later.

"What the hell are you doing here? I thought you said he was in Vegas." She fires the last part at me.

"I came to see you," he says at the same time I say, "he was." She closes her eyes and shakes her head.

"I do not need this right now." She groans and leans against the door.

"Oh come on, is that any way to greet us? I came all the way from the glittering city to this out of the way town to see Peter's best girl. You could give me a little something."

"What do you want?" Her hands twist together, and I feel her anxiety, and undercurrent to her confusion and anger. She's also curious, underneath it all.

"I would start with a kiss, but that might be hazardous to my health, if you know what I mean." He winks at her. Ava sputters for a moment as a glare settles in her eyes.

"If I could slap you without breaking my hand I would. I thought you were the one who was pushing me toward Peter, what happened with that plan?" Her arms cross and she gives him a triumphant look. I was so proud of her.

"Oh, I haven't ruled that out. But what is that they say? All roads lead to Rome?" Her face drains of color. I know why, but I'm not sure Ivan does.

"I think you need to leave."

"Ah, love. You pierce my heart." He holds his hand to his chest dramatically. Ava is shocked for a moment, then angry. She hasn't had the pleasure of seeing Ivan in his element. I have seen it far too much.

"You don't have a heart."

"Correction. I don't have a soul. Those are two different things. I had a heart. I gave it away." His cockiness drops for a brief moment. Strange. I'd never seen him do that before. Not ever.

"I know." Ava's face melts into a smile. A pang of guilt goes through her. Why does she feel guilty? She didn't kill Josephine.

I did.

"Well, it's been delightful to see you, Sweetness. I hope to repeat this often. But for now, adieu. Parting is such sweet sorrow." He blows her a kiss before running into the night. In the space of one of her blinks, I decide it would be best to stay with her and not follow him.

"What the hell was that?" Her human eyes search the night for something they cannot find. Ivan is gone. I will have to find out where.

"That, was Ivan. Being Ivan."

She leans against the door, still looking for him. "That's what you had to put up with for a hundred some odd years?"

"More or less."

"Is it more or is it less?" I think for a moment.

"More."

Chapter Fifteen

Ava

"Is Peter coming in?" Mom calls from the kitchen.

"I don't know," I yell back. "Are you coming in? Please say you're coming in. I'm about ready to explode and I don't think I can take anymore." My voice shakes and I have to close my eyes for a moment. The world is a heavy thing, and it's crushing me.

"Take my hand."

"Hm?" Takes me a moment to open my eyes and figure out what he said. The porchlight sparkles on his hair. It's in his eyes, but with my good vision, I can see the glittering irises of his mismatched eyes. God, he's so beautiful. He holds his hand out to me and I take it.

"I want to try something."

"Go ahead." His skin is cool as it meets mine. I watch as he stares at our linked hands. I wait for something to happen. My eyes close of their own volition. They snap open a second later.

"What are you doing?" My hand's got that feeling like when you lay on it and then the sensation comes back slowly. Prickly. And, warm. And... really nice.

"How are you doing that?" My eyes are open and I feel like I've gotten a jolt of... something. It's like dipping my entire body in a cool, still lake. Silent and quiet. And calm.

"It was a guess." His gaze is still on our hands. My fingers flex. His thumb traces my knuckles, back and forth. I'm not used to such a human gesture from him.

"Thank you. That was. Amazing." I have no other word for it. I feel like I could take on anything. Even Ivan.

Maybe not.

"Ava, dinner's ready. Why don't you bring Peter in?" I hear Dad hiss to Mom as they walk into the living room, "I didn't know he was coming over. When did this happen?"

"Shh," she says back.

My hearing picks up on Aj whispering to Mom as well.

She was saying something about what could Peter and I possibly be doing in the doorway and it couldn't be anything good. Mom says something about giving me privacy and that Peter wouldn't do anything that wasn't gentlemanly.

"You know I can't eat," Peter says in my ear.

"We put cheese in the burritos so you can't have them anyway. So just come and sit next to me and show Aj and Dad that you're a nice human boy. Let's just be human tonight. Please?"

"Human," he says, taking my hand and kissing the top of it. "Okay."

I lead him inside, praying that I'd made the right choice.

"Look who came over," I say, presenting him to Mom, Aj and Dad. Their reactions are mixed. Mom winks. Aj frowns. Dad looks pissed. So really, we've covered the rainbow of emotions in one room. Go us.

"Dad, you remember Peter, right?" Such a stupid question. "And you met Aj earlier." He nods to her. She gives him a little wave. Oh dear. Now Dad knows that Peter was here earlier.

"It is nice to meet you again, Mr. Sullivan." Peter puts out his hand. Oh, well done.

"Nice to meet you, Peter. Why don't you take a seat so we can talk." He shakes Peter's hand, but the look on his face says he'd get more pleasure out of breaking Peter's fingers. He wouldn't stand a chance. Peter could crush his fingers without even blinking.

Dad just thinks he has the upper hand. All the rest of us know he doesn't, but are willing to let him believe so. Unless he starts being a tyrant. Then he'll get shut down.

We all troop into the living room for the Interrogation.

Peter sits down on the chair next to the couch, leaving me no option but to sit on the couch next to Mom. Which is good, because I can give him subtle hints via my eyebrows about what he should and should not say.

Dad gets right down to it.

"I suppose I have you to thank for getting my wife so quickly to the hospital this week."

"You are more than welcome. I did what needed to be done." He doesn't sound like an eighteen-year-old. This is the first problem.

Aj looks like she wants to add something, but I give her a glare and she keeps her mouth shut.

"So Peter, my wife tells me you play water polo. That must be exciting." Peter doesn't even glance at me. Apparently Mom had given Dad some sort of backstory about Peter. Except she'd neglected to inform me what she'd told him. We hadn't had time to coordinate our stories.

"Yes, it is." This is the second problem. Dad's going to think Peter's monosyllabic answers are snarky, or rude or something. But even if Peter were eloquent and the most charming person on earth, Dad would hate him.

"Peter loves to swim," I add, trying to throw a life raft. It's probably too little too late. We're sinking and we haven't even left the dock.

Dad leans back, doing that weird leg-on-knee thing guys do. I think he's trying to look grown-up and threatening. Little does he know Peter's got at least sixty years on him. Ew. Head in the game, Ava.

"I didn't know there were many water polo teams in Maine." Dad's eyes narrow, as if he's trying to figure out what water polo could be a euphemism for.

"They have them at all the fancy private schools. I had a friend growing up who went to Galdon and she did archery," Mom says, twining her hand with Dad's. Using her feminine wiles again.

Peter looks as if he's fascinated by us. By the whole situation. I try to send him a mental kick in the shin.

"I did archery at camp. Remember Sam? I never hit the target." Aj tries to inject some humor. I think it's far too late. Dad isn't really in a laughing mood.

Peter finally speaks. "I have done that as well."

"He's a really good shot." Do I sound like I drank the Peter Kool-Aid or what?

"I bet you are." Dad's eyes narrow, trying to decide if that is some sort of sexual innuendo. At least I think that's why his face is like that. It's kind of debatable. I have no idea what goes on in my father's head. Say something, I telegraph to Peter via my mind and eyebrows.

"I cannot eat, but I would like to sit with you. If that is all right."

"What's wrong with our food?" Dad snaps. I shoot him withering look. At least I hope it's withering.

"He's lactose intolerant. I told you that."

"Hm," he says, grunting. Of course Peter is unperturbed. There's the most awkward pause in the history of the universe which Mom finally breaks.

"Well, we're all ready, for dinner. Shall we?"

Aj and I serve as Mom, Peter and Dad sit down. I want to set another plate for Peter, but we wouldn't put anything on it, so I decide it's a stupid idea. His fingers brush my waist as I walk by him to give Mom a burrito.

"Don't you at least want a glass of water?" Dad barks from the head of the table.

Peter's eyes move away from me and focus on Dad. "No, thank you. I will eat at home later. I just wanted to come over and see Ava." I sit down next to him and give him the briefest of smiles.

"So what are your plans when you graduate?"

"I'm going to college to study history."

"Hm." Oh that was it. I had to say something.

I give Dad a death glare. "Is there something wrong with history?"

"Yeah Sam, is there?" Aj jumps to my defense. Dad looks up from his meal, unaware that he's being ganged up on. His eyes bounce from me to Aj and back to Mom. He seems to have forgotten that his sister has a degree in history and works as a research assistant at a University.

"I guess not," he mumbles. Point One for Team Peter.

Mom chimes in, "so Jenny, I haven't had a chance to ask you about that project you were doing on the, uh, torture devices." Aj's specialty was medieval torture devices. She was just a little bit twisted. Which was why we got along so well.

Aj's eyes light up with a feverish glow.

"Oh, it's going really well. We found this amazing set of thumbscrews that someone had in their attic. They had no idea what they were." And she's off, going on about garotting and this thing that's called the Spanish Tickler which probably wouldn't make you laugh. It wasn't appropriate dinner conversation, but it was better than Dad verbally assaulting Peter. Or talking about Mom. Anything was better than that.

So we eat our burritos and Peter watches and we talk about thumbscrews. Typical Sullivan house dinner. Except it wasn't.

"Is this really appropriate?" Dad finally says.

"Oh lighten up, Sam. You were always such a wet blanket."

"I just don't want to talk about ripping flesh while I'm eating dinner." He wipes his face with his napkin and throws it back on the table. So much for a joyous family reunion.

Mom tries again, bringing up the current political scandal. Something about a call girl and a married senator. Those were a dime a dozen. I take my head out of their chatter and focus on Peter.

I've never felt weird eating in front of him, but now I do. There's a whole group of people scraping plates and chewing and he's sitting there with nothing in front of him. And then I have an idea. I pick up my knife and use it to cut part of my burrito. Because in the Sullivan house we can't eat burritos with our hands.

My utensils scrape the plate and I slide my knife on purpose toward my hand.

"Ouch!" I say as I slice my finger open. Luckily we had the fancy knives and not the butter kind, or it never would have broken the skin.

"Baby, are you okay?" Mom's eyes fly wide.

"No, I'm fine. Stupid knife. I'm just going to get a band aid. Peter?" Both Mom and Aj give me a look that I ignore. Dad makes a disapproving sound and I hear him mutter, "can't even get a band aid without him?"

Peter follows me, saying low enough that only I can hear, "you did that on purpose."

I wait until we're upstairs in my bathroom.

"Of course I did. I felt horrible that we were all eating and you couldn't. So I'm going to feed you. Here." I hold up my dripping finger. It wasn't much, but it was something. An appetizer.

"Take while it's still lifey." I sit on the sink with him standing between my legs.

"Lifey?"

"Don't question, just do it." He stays still while I shove my finger in his mouth. I didn't mean for it to be all sexy, but he takes my hand and runs his tongue all over my skin and the way he's looking at me... His eyes catch mine, like a butterfly in a net. Slowly, he pulls my finger out of his mouth. Sweet. Jesus.

"Thank you. But you did not need to do that." He holds my hand in front of his mouth, as if he's savoring it.

"Well, I did. So there." I sound all breathy. I feel all breathy.

"We should get back. I am sure your father thinks I'm ravishing you." He lifts me off the counter and hands me a band aid from the basket on the sink.

"You can ravish me whenever you want." I bite my lip to hide a smile. God, he was sexy.

I shouldn't have said that.

He doesn't answer. Except for a blink. Haha. I take advantage of the moment and ask him something I've been stressing about.

"Why was Ivan here?" I say as Peter wraps the sticky part of the band aid around my finger.

"I don't know."

"Well, could you find out? Because I thought we were done with him." He makes sure the band aid's secure and cradles my hand to his chest. He's being very touchy-feely tonight.

"It will not be over until he is destroyed."

"Or the fat lady sings?" He doesn't smile.

"Not quite."

"What are we going to do about it?"

"Viktor is protecting the house. If there is a problem, he will let me know." I mash my head into his chest with a sigh.

"I don't understand why all of these things are happening at once. Can't we just have a moment to breathe?"

"We have a moment right now. A human moment." His hand pulls my chin up. His lips meet mine for a sweet, slow kiss. Of course I go overboard and try to make it crazier, but he pulls back. Smart noctalis. I shouldn't have let him. Kisses are dangerous. As are longing looks and the brushing of fingers across skin. They lead to no good.

"We have to go see your friend. As soon as possible." I'm not taking no for an answer.

"We're human, at least for a few more hours."

If my family wasn't waiting downstairs, I'd say the hell with it, let's go. Even if there is a tiny, microscopic part of me that's scared of what we're going to find. Or who we're going to find. I know very little about Peter's life as a noctalis before me. I know it wasn't pretty, and I can't imagine what kind of friend he'd have. But it can't be worse than what we've already gone through. I hope.

The rest of the dinner goes uneventfully, and soon it's time for Peter to "go home and eat dinner with his own family."

I say goodbye to him at the door, pretending that I'm not going to see him until Monday.

"Bye, Peter."

"Goodbye, Ava-Claire." He brushes my cheek with the back of his hand. I miss him already. I close the door on him and I'm instantly zapped of energy and it can't be my imagination that the smell of blood from the humans in the other room intensifies. What is this? I can't even be a few rooms away from him?

"Well, I'm going to head out." Aj interrupts my thoughts. Good timing. She holds her arms open and I fall into them, while trying to hold my breath. I mean, it's not like I'd actually bite her. That would never, ever happen. Blood is gross. It may smell good, but it's gross.

"Don't do anything stupid," she hisses in my ear. "I can see you're in love with him." She can see that?

I guess it was kind of obvious.

"I know. But it's not what you think."

"I just want to make sure you know what you're doing. Because I don't think you do." I finally pull away from the hug.

"I know. I'm not a child anymore."

"No," she says, plucking at my hair, "you're not. But that doesn't mean you should take up with, ah, boys like that."

"I know what I'm doing," I say again. She gives me a sad smile and punches my shoulder again.

Dad slinks out to say goodbye. True to form, he gives her an awkward hug and tells her to take care of herself. She says she'll be back to stay the weekend in two weeks. This is news to me, but I'm relieved. I like having Aj around. Even though I'd freaked out when she'd showed up, having her around broke up some of the tension. And she made me laugh.

"Bye Jenny," Mom says, giving her a rib crushing hug. Or what would be rib-crushing if she had the strength.

"Call me," she says to Mom, taking her face in her hands. "Anytime. My phone is always on."

"I will." But we all know she won't. Mom wouldn't bother Aj. She'd never bother anyone, if she could help it. And by bothering, she meant anything she'd see as being needy. Which was total crap.

If Aj really knew what was going on in this house, she'd move in this second. That wasn't a half-bad idea. She could keep Dad in check and help with Mom. Not that she was a burden, but with everything that was going on, I knew I was neglecting her. For my boyfriend. Yes, he was immortal, and yes, we were fighting for something, but still. She's my mother. She should come first.

I watch as the tailights of Aj's car fade. Part of me wants to run and call for her to come back. To help us so we can try and keep this family together. Because I'm doing a crappy job of it.

"I'm going to bed," I say, turning from the window.

"It's only eight thirty. What, are you sick?" Thanks, Dad. Mom gives me a knowing look.

"No, just tired." I must look tired because he doesn't snap back at me. Instead he touches my shoulder in a surprising gesture. Mom seizes the moment and wraps us all up in a Sullivan family hug. I sink into it and remember the days when things like family hugs happened every day. Of course that was before cancer decided to take everything away from me and an immortal boy walked into my life. I can't go back. I can only go forward.

"Goodnight, baby. Sleep tight." Won't be doing a lot of sleeping, but I kiss her cheek anyway.

"Goodnight, Ava-Claire Bear." Dear god, Dad hasn't called me that since I was ten. It makes my heart hurt to hear the nickname. I nearly crawl up the stairs, but the closer I get to my room, the better I feel until I open my door and there's Peter and he's all gorgeous and waiting for me and I want to kiss him. The calm settles over me, and I'm ready for anything. Even though we now have to worry about Ivan and Di. It's time to go see this friend of Peter's. Whether he likes it or not.

I shut my door with authority, taking note that he's already got his shirt off, wings out. He must have read my mind.

"When are we leaving?"

Peter

Her eyes are bright with anticipation. I felt her resolve all through the dinner, and I know that I cannot talk her out of it. We need answers and it is time to get them.

"Are you sure?" I know what she will say before she says it.

"I'm not taking no for an answer." She smiles and I want to press those smiling lips to my own, let her smile dissolve on my lips and become part of my skin. As if I could swallow it and hold it inside me.

She holds her arms out, begging for me to pick her up.

"Beam me up, Scotty."

"What do you mean?" There are many modern phrases Ava uses that I do not know the meaning of. This is one of them.

"Never mind. We need to get you watching Star Trek. And Star Wars. But not at the same time." I still have no inclination as to what she is speaking of. So I pick her up and she smiles up at me as if she's the happiest girl in the world.

She brushes some hair from my eyes.

"Happy?" She's asking me. I consider for a moment. I turn the word around in my mind. It is bright and shiny and soft. It glows. I am not sure I am capable of feeling happy in myself without her. The happiness she exudes swells and floats in her soul, elevating it. A soul was required for happiness. But I was as close to happy as I could ever get. With her.

"Yes." I allow myself that.

"Good."

Her arms twine tighter and she puts her head to my chest. Right where my heart would be. Well, my heart is still there, I suppose. It just does not beat. Not like hers, which goes like a delicious drum.

"You should put a blanket around you. It will be cold." I set her down, going to her closet for a blanket. She puts on a coat and another pair of pants. I wrap her torso and legs in the blanket.

"Too tight," she gasps. I unwind it and re-wrap it.

"Better?"

"Yeah, I can breathe now." She rolls her eyes and I pick her up again. She is like a little fire burning next to my skin. A torch I'm carrying to illuminate the dark.

She lets out a little gasp as I leap off the roof and into the air. Her little thrill flows along our connection and I soak it into my skin with her heat. Her energy is like a drug.

"How far is it?" The wind tries to steal her voice, but I would hear it in a hurricane.

"Over an hour."

She settles back into me, her hands twisting in the hair that comes from my neck. Her little warm fingers are so familiar with my hair. I wash it nearly every day for her. I like the smell of her soap on my skin.

I had not seen Cal's house, but I knew I could find it now by following his scent. It surprised me that he would choose to settle down in a human-made buildings. He had never had a permanent dwelling when I knew him. He moved about. Nomadic like me.

I was certain of two things about Cal. One, that he always wore human clothes. Suits, ties, shoes. Always pressed, always clean. Second, that he had saved me. Twice.

Cal was a part of my other life. My life before Ava. The life where I killed without thinking, where I existed from one day to the next with no reason to keep going other than my immortality.

Before Ava is not a time I would like to think about anymore. But I have no choice. It is either go to Cal, do nothing and wait, or make Ava a noctalis. The last two options are impossible. So I must go with the first.

Even with the blanket, Ava is shivering. The air is thicker and warmer the farther south we go, but her body is vulnerable to chills.

"How much longer?"

"A few minutes." We have made it into Florida. Palm trees dot the landscape like pointing fingers, reaching for the sky. Nearly all the buildings are beige or rust or red-colored. I dip lower so she can feel the warm air closer to the ground.

"I've never been to Florida."

"Welcome to the Sunshine State."

"Why don't you live down here? With the sun and all?"

"I have lived here before. Now I live where you live. Wherever that is."

"The palm trees are weird. They kind of look fake. It's strange seeing different kinds of trees everywhere." Sometimes I forget how young she is. How little she has seen.

Soon I pick up Cal's scent. It leads me to a residential area with houses in varying shades of brown stucco. This, I did not picture.

I know when I have found it. His smell is all over it. Along with traces of human blood. All noctali carry that smell. It is unavoidable.

"We're here." When I set her down, she does not let go of me right away. I take her hand and we walk side-by-side.

"Here? A noctalis lives here?" I understand what she means. The house looks like any that a suburban couple might occupy, with perhaps a few children. There is a tidy lawn, even a few of those little lawn ornaments shaped like tiny people with funny hats that glare up at us as we walk by.

Her fear slips over me like a cloak. She had been so eager, but now that she is faced with the reality, she is scared. So human.

"He will know we are here. Stay behind me." She obeys, ducking into my shadow, but not letting go of my hand. I will have to put some distance between us soon. Even though Cal is my oldest friend, that does not mean I will share my reason for the visit. Never trust a noctalis.

Except for Viktor. I would trust him with anything.

The front door opens, letting light flow onto the steps, outlining his form.

"Hello, Cal."

Cal pauses for a fraction of a second. "Hello, Peter. I was not expecting you."

"I have come to ask you something." Ava peeks from behind my shoulder. He takes her in for the space of a human breath. Soon, I am going to make her angry with me. But it cannot be helped.

"Please, come in. Both of you."

Chapter Sixteen

Ava

On the outside, the house looks like Mr. and Mrs. Sunshine and their 2.2 children would live here. There's a white fence. Freaking lawn gnomes. I swear they glare at me as I walk behind Peter. I can't see the man standing in the doorway because it's too dark. Even for my heightened eyes. I'm still human. Ish.

When we finally get close enough to see him, I'm ready to turn around and go back home. There's something spooky about this house, and I can't put my finger on it. But Peter just drags me along. This is his friend, after all.

As soon as we step on the porch, Peter steps away from me. I'm instantly chilled, and I don't know why. Instantly, I'm hyper aware of the distance.

Cal speaks first.

"Your Claimed." He tips his head to the side, and I get an impression of slicked-back blond hair. He's definitely not wearing sweatpants, either. It's some sort of suit. He's wearing shoes, too. Fancy leather dress shoes. Who was this guy?

"Yes," Peter's voice sends ice down my back. The last time I heard his voice so cold, he was strangling me in the cemetery. Something is going down. Nice of Peter to let me know. I send him a mental kick in the family jewels.

"I would not have picked you as the type to Claim." His voice has an odd tone to it. I've grown use to the strange way the noctalis voice echoes. But his has something else going on in that voice. Something I don't like.

"It was not planned."

"It rarely is." His smile is nice, though. Soothing. He reminds me of a nice doctor you'd see. Not the kind that would give you a shot or anything, but the kind that would give you a lollipop.

"I'm Cal." He looks at me as if he's trying to figure me out. I try not to wiggle under the scrutiny.

"Please, come in." He sweeps his arm out and we walk into the house.

It's just as Mr. Sunshine on the inside as it is on the outside. I'm afraid to breathe for fear of dirtying the air. It's all done in beiges and silvers and blacks. Very masculine and neutral. As is Cal. His suit is all pinstripes and he's got a purple tie on. Very debonair. He's even got wingtips. Frank Sinatra plays softly in the background. Mack the Knife. I hope that's not an omen.

I finally say something. "You have a lovely home." It seems like the right thing to say. I wonder if he was the decorator or if he has a woman.

"Thank you." We walk into a living room that is so clean, I'm afraid to breathe on anything. "How long have you been Claimed?" I realize he's talking to me. I also realize his teeth are really white. They almost glow.

"Uh, two weeks?" Feels like forever. Peter's still freezing me out. I pluck at our connection, but it's like he's blocking me. I slam into a blank wall. What the hell? We need to come up with some form of nonverbal communication. Hand signals or blinking Morse code.

"What is it you need?" Cal's eyes flick from me to Peter and back. I don't like him looking at me. The house, while pretty, is super cold. I wrap my blanket closer around me. I wish I could hold Peter's hand.

"I want to know about binding promises."

Cal raises one eyebrow. How is it he can do that, but Peter finds it so difficult?

"Her?"

"No. I could not leave her behind. It was uncomfortable."

"I see," Cal says.

I don't.

Cal studies us in silence for what seems like hours. I'm starting to get seriously uncomfortable with his perfect house and his perfect teeth and his perfect human imitation. This guy has got to have skeletons in the closet. Plus, he knew Peter back when. I know what he's like now, but I really don't have any concept of what he used to be like. The truth is that I really don't want to know.

I keep my mouth shut, even though I want to say something so bad. Can Peter make that kind of bind with me while I'm still human? We didn't discuss this on our way over.

Why did we not discuss this on our way over?

"Do you remember when I found you?"

"Yes." Find another response, Peter. I want to kick him, but I'm not in a position to do so. It's like they've forgotten all about me. Peter hadn't told me anything of their past. Now I was starting to wonder. The house is still freaking me out. It's just too perfect.

There are no personal pictures or knick-knacks or silly things like that. It is not a human house. There is no dust. One of the components of dust is dead skin cells. He doesn't have any skin cells. Which is weird when you think about it.

"I did not save you for you to throw it away on a human. I taught you not to kill them. That is enough. You cannot save them. Even if you want to. It is their purpose to live and die. Ours is to exist." He was like the Yoda of noctali. And what is this saving business? How can you save someone that's immortal?

"She means nothing to me." I can't help it, but a little sound escapes my mouth. I stare at Peter. Oh there is something going on that he has not informed me of. That's the only way he could say something like that. The words rattle around in my brain. I wish I could shake them out and forget he ever said them. There has to be a reasonable explanation.

There has to be. I wish I could read his mind.

"I only brought her because I had to." It's the second time he's said it. I can't believe this is happening. I close my eyes, trying to make it go away. I open them again and I'm still here. In this sterile house looking at Cal's sterile eyes.

Cal stares at Peter for what feels like hours, but is probably only a few seconds.

"The only way is to destroy a bind, is to destroy one of the noctali. That is all I know."

"Then there is no other way?" Peter's voice is still cool, but I hear a note of desperation. Hm.

I glance at a decorative iron clock on the wall. The hands remain still. Either time has stopped, or the clock has. "I have a few contacts. It will take me a week. Can you return in a week?"

"Yes."

"Then that is what we will do." Wait, that's it? We came all this way for Peter treating me like less than dirt and come back in a week?

I find it hard to believe that he doesn't know anything, but this is Peter's crazy train I'm riding. And I'd hopped on without knowing the destination.

"Thank you. We will go now. Come." The last part is directed at me. If I wasn't so shocked I would have told him to kiss my ass.

"It was a pleasure to see you again, Peter. Even under these circumstances. I have missed you." I want to tell him those 'circumstances' have a name. I still haven't said anything since we entered the house. I think he followed the "humans are meant to be drained and not heard," or something like that.

Peter walks backward, towing me with him. "Thank you again." Never turn your back.

"I will see you in a week." He shares a deep look with Peter, and it's like I'm not even there. It's a warning.

For one terrifying beat of time, I think he's going to lunge at us, or do something crazy, but he doesn't. He just stares at Peter for another wordless moment. I hate it when they do that.

"Goodbye," Cal says.

I start to breathe again after the door closes. Peter scoops me up in his arms, holding me so tight I can't even begin to fight him. He holds my arms tight, but I thrash anyway. My face is pressed to his exquisite chest, which doesn't help keep my anger fired up.

"What the hell was that?"

"Hush," he says so quiet, it's like a hiss. I still try to move, but he holds me tighter and takes to the air.

"You're an ass**le, you know that?" He doesn't answer. There's nothing to do, so I just stay silent. Even though I am royally pissed, the Claim makes me happy to be in his arms. They're home, even when I want to kick him in the nuts.

He waits a good twenty minutes before he says anything. I refuse to look at him. I know I'll be lost when I meet those eyes. Even in the dark.

"I am sorry. But I could not let him know that I cared for you."

"I thought he was your friend."

"He is. But you never show all your cards, Ava-Claire. I did not want him to know why I wanted the information or what I would do with it." I'm powerless against him. I meet his eyes and he pulls me in. His body pulses with each beat of his wings. I open my mouth to bitch him out, but I can't. I mean, it kind of makes sense.

"Whatever. Just don't. Ever. Do. That. To. Me. Again. Got it?" I poke him in the chest with every word. Trying to make my point. "You hurt me." Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry.

"I am sorry. I will try not to. But I cannot promise." Is he trying to piss me off again?

I rub my tears on my shoulder. "Will you at least let me in on your secret plans? So I'm not a bitch to you again?"

"Only if it will work with the plan to do so."

"So what, you've got all sorts of secret plans?" Who is he, James Bond?

"Perhaps."

"If I could punch you right now, I would."

"I do not doubt it." I decide to move on.

"By the way, your friend is super creepy." I wiggle my fingers out from under the blanket and put my hand on his chest.

"What do you mean?"

"I don't know what it was. He was just too perfect. His house was too nice, he dressed too nice. The whole thing. I don't know. It was just a vibe. Also, what was that whole thing about saving you and not being able to save humans and letting them burn in hell and all that?" I try to pull myself closer to Peter, but I can't.

"That is Cal." That's not an answer.

"I don't like it. He got my Spidey Senses tingling. And I didn't like the way you were with him." He doesn't even have to ask before I explain about Spiderman. That takes us part of the way.

He's still hiding something from me. I'm so attuned to him, I can tell when he's hiding something. Peter never really lies. He omits things he doesn't want me to know. And he's doing it now. I could make a big deal out of it, but I'm tired, cold and still weirded out. I switch topics.

"Guess he's not a big fan of humans, huh?"

"He believes that when we interfere with humans, we disturb the balance of the world. That we may live on the same planet, but we should interact as little as possible."

"That's very zen." I'm still offended. "So we have a week to wait. That seems like a long time."

"It will be fine."

"If you say so." I really don't think it's going to be fine.

But there's not a whole lot I can do about it. Just one more thing to worry about. I should make a list. Yes, an orderly list would make everything better. Lists always helped. Someday, when the world was ending in a cataclysmic apocalypse, people would make lists and they would save the world. Somehow.

By the time we get back, my hands are so frozen that Peter has to help me unclamp them from the back of his neck. If he were warm, things would be a lot easier. The rest of me is roasting inside the blanket. I unpeel it from around me and go to the sink to throw my hands in some hot water. At least he stopped blocking me. He finally came back when we hit New York.

My shoulders shake and my head bobbles around. Peter comes up behind me, wrapping a thick fleece blanket around me. He starts rubbing my shoulders, trying to get my circulation moving. What I should really do is get in the shower, but I'm too tired to take my clothes off. Peter picks me up, taking me to bed and tucking me in with as many blankets as he can find before making the fastest cup of tea ever. My hands are shaking too much for me to hold it, so Peter tips it to my lips.

"Thank you."

"I have turned you into a popsicle," he says with a smile.

I gape at him for a second.

"Good job." I'd give him a pat on the back if I wasn't buried in twelve thousand blankets.

He tips the cup to my mouth. "I have been working on it while you sleep." Sometimes he says the strangest things. Taken out of context, I should have him arrested. "Did I say something wrong?" He asks when I don't respond.

"Not at all." I finish my tea and start to warm up a little. Peter moves closer to me, stroking my hair. That's certainly warming me up. Maybe it's something about my insides thawing that loosens something I've wanted to tell him for a while.

"You know what the worst thing is about having a mother who is dying of cancer?" He blinks, waiting or me to continue.

"One," I hold up a finger, "you know that you're going to live the rest of your life without her. Two," I hold up another, "you think about your own mortality. A lot. Like, all the time. You think how horrible dying is. How scary. When you see your strong, unstoppable mother go through that you think, I could never do that, I'm just not strong enough. So I'm scared. I'm scared of death, I'm scared of losing her, I'm scared of losing you." I fist my hand in his shirt, trying to make him understand.

I'd actually thought more about death in the past two years than anyone my age reasonably should.

His eyes are distant, closed off. He's withdrawing from me again. Shit. "You cannot understand the consequences. You cannot understand what it would be like." He won't even entertain it. Not even as a possibility.

But I wasn't just doing it for me. If I helped him break the bind, then his life, existence, whatever, would be free. He could do what he wanted. He could even love someone other than me. He could love the whole damn world. My mortality seemed a reasonable price to pay.

"You mean the blood drinking and all that? Yeah, it would kind of suck. Wow, I did not mean to make that pun." It would be funny under normal circumstances.

"You would kill people. Are you prepared for that?"

"I wouldn't have to. You learned not to do it." That was one thing I knew I couldn't deal with, even when it came to the reality of it happening.

I didn't want to think about drinking blood. But I figured that I'd get to a point after the whole changing thing and I'd become okay with it. Just, um, like that. Like a light switch.

He looks away from me. "It was not easy."

"But you did it. That's the point." It didn't matter if it wasn't easy, only that it could be done. Had been done. "I wish you could just read my mind and see the truth."

"Ava."

"Fine, let's not talk about it." What I want, more than anything else right now is to go to sleep with Peter next to me. My body has finally stopped shaking, so I reach for my tea. There's still tension between us. Caused by whatever he's keeping from me. It's like something is clogging the line that runs between us. I wonder if he feels it.

"You would miss earth-shattering cheesecake," he comments.

I sip the warm liquid, feeling it seep down my throat and warm me from the inside. "True. But I'd have blood." I try to sound cheerful, but yurgh. Blood.

"It is not the same."

"I know that. But I'd give up earth-shattering cheesecake if it meant you got to be free." I want to reach out to him, to touch is face and kiss him and breathe him in.

I look up at him and he meets my eyes, pulling me in for only a second. Then he blinks and pulls back. I feel like I've been slapped in the face.

"You should get to bed." He's hurt me again, but I try not to show it. I drain the rest of my tea, trying not to look at him.

"Goodnight, Peter." I don't wait for him to get his book or do anything else. I just turn over and pretend to sleep.

I feel, rather than hear, him sigh. He picks a book off the top of the stack and opens the cover.

"Goodnight, Ava."

Peter

She is upset, as I expected. I can always tell now. Images flash through my mind, including one of me. It must be how she sees me. But it is gone before I can study it. She is still a conundrum. Part of me doesn't wish to understand how her mind works. I still like being surprised by her. I don't want that to change. Ever.

I understand that my words hurt her. But I could not let Cal know my true feelings for her. He would not help me if he knew. Ava was right, I should have let her in. I have been alone for so long, I often forget that I have to consider another person. She knows I am keeping things from her. But she does not know why. Perhaps, one day, I will tell her.

I'm distracted from my book by Ava. She's deep in sleep. So deep that I get up and take a shower. A wonderful invention, indoor plumbing.

She's having another nightmare when I return. Her legs twitch and her eyebrows contract, forming a crease that I want to put my thumb in to smooth it away like clay. Her hands are clasped under her chin. She twists them, as if she's trying to hold onto something. I consider waking her. I have done it before. With just a nudge, she would come out of it naturally. But I hesitate. It is not that I want her to suffer. But dreams are mysterious things. Sometimes they tell us things we need to see. My mother always believed in the truth behind dreams. I do not dream anymore, and even a nightmare would be welcome.

She moans a little and rolls so she is facing me. Despite her anger from before, she still turns toward me in her sleep. I do not touch her, but let her pull herself closer to me. Her hands grab at my shirt and she snuggles into my chest. She will move away in the morning, but for now, she seems to need to hold onto me. Her sleeping body doesn't know it, but I put my arm around her, pulling her closer. She sighs a little. The dream has passed. I go back to my book.

In the morning, I sense her mother coming up the stairs and slip out the window and onto the roof. The day is gray, the clouds swollen with rain. I hear the knock at the door, and Ava's confused voice answers.

"Wake up sleepyhead. It's almost eleven." Ava mutters something in reply.

Her mother sits on her bed, the springs protesting under the combined weight. Her scent floats out the window. Sick blood and lilac soap and sleep. "You okay, baby? You're not still sick from Tuesday?"

"No. I'm fine." Her voice doesn't convince me or her mother. Ava rolls over in preparation to stand.

"No, don't get up. I'm going to bring you breakfast."

"Are you sure you're up to that?" Ava's voice is wary. She has more concern for both her mother and I that I fear it will become too much for her. Claire and I agree, at least on that.

"Stop trying to mother me. That's my job. Get back into bed, young lady." There's a light slapping sound, as if Claire hit Ava playfully on the shoulder.

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Don't you dare Ma'am me." I enjoy Claire. She is so much like Ava. Even though they do not look much alike. Except those green eyes. Mesmerizing.

"Fine, fine." Ava always acquiesces to her mother's wishes. Almost always.

"Stay there until I come back."

"Okay." The door closes. "Peter?" Ava's voice floats out the window.

"I'm here." I lean over the top of the window, letting myself into the room upside down. Ava raises her eyebrows at me. I stand up, wondering what she is thinking. Her face can be a puzzle sometimes.

"What is it?" She shakes her head, making her curls bounce around. They're all tangled together in one mass. I want to comb them out, but I doubt I will have time if her mother is coming back.

"Did you sleep well?" I ask this every morning. Partially to see if she remembers moving so close to me. Also to see if she will tell me the truth about her dreams.

"Meh." She shrugs her shoulders and goes to the bathroom to wash her face. I go back on the roof to give her some privacy. She rarely asks for it, but I know when she needs time to do things she does not wish me involved in.

I know she is done when she starts humming to herself. It's Maroon 5 today.

"Are we going to rehash last night?" She straightens her t-shirt, not meeting my eyes. "I'm still a little mad at you. But I'm willing to forgive and forget."

"I am sorry I made you upset. We will not speak of it if you do not want to." Her shoulders relax a fraction.

"Good. I don't like fighting with you."

"We were not fighting."

"Fine, we were having a disagreement." She gets her brush and snarls it through her hair. I move to take it from her and she lets me. "We're disagreeing about disagreeing. That's kind of ridiculous." She giggles, making her hair shake just a little. I wrap a curl around my finger and let it go.

"I think we need to sit down like adults and talk about this. Make a compromise."

"You are willing to compromise?" I am surprised. Ava does not compromise when she wants something.

She smirks. This is an expression I have not grasped the concept of for my own face. "Not really, but it sounds better when I say that."

"Ava." I have learned use of the sigh since I met her.

"No, we're not doing that. We're going to talk like rational adults. After my mom makes me pancakes." She takes the brush back and flops on her bed. I let her, going to the book I'd left on the floor of her bedroom and stacking it on top of my finished pile.

"You're not going anywhere today, are you?" Her anxiety beats faster than her heart.

"No. I will stay close. Viktor will probably come to visit me in the woods. If you need me, say my name. I will hear." I would hear her at least a few miles away.

"Good. I'll see you later then?" She looks over her shoulder at me. Her curls fall like tangled water.

"I will see you later. Enjoy the pancakes. I hope they are earth-shattering." I think about leaving my shirt with her, as I have such a habit of losing them, but I might need it later. It is one of only two I posses.

"They probably will be, if my mother is making them." I leave her brushing her hair, a tiny smile playing on her lips.

I stay on the roof until her mother comes up the stairs with a tray.

"Knock, knock."

"Come in." Ava adjusts herself on the bed, trying to get into the same position again.

"Did you move?"

"No. There was no moving, I swear." Her lie clangs in my ears.

Claire hears it too. "I don't believe you."

"I swear!" Claire sets the tray down with a clatter.

"I don't believe you!" She leaps on top of Ava, tickling her stomach. They both dissolve into laughter that rings as bright as bells. It's a clear sound that reaches out to me. Pulls me toward the room. But I cannot be a part of it. That kind of thing is not for me. Not anymore.

Ava and I have never done such things together. Even if we were to, I would not know how. I am grasping the art of sarcasm from her, but I am a slow learner when it comes to all things human. Ava is helping me find the threads, but they are tricky and hard to hold onto.

I fold my shirt and leave it on the roof. It might rain, but I can always find another shirt. I should start keeping some at Ava's house so I have spares. I let my wings unfurl and pause before letting my wings try and brush the sky.

The tug back to earth is strong, and I falter. Just for a moment. Then I gain altitude and climb higher, letting the wind brush away any resistance. I had not flown alone in a while. I kept the door to her emotions open. I needed that connection to make sure she was safe, but let everything else fall away, like water from the clouds. It starts to rain, the droplets streaking by me, racing each other to the ground. Always in such a hurry.

A sound makes me look down. Viktor is running toward the house in his noctalis form. I turn a lazy circle and dive toward the ground, picking up speed. Even if I hit the ground at full force, nothing will happen to me. The thrill of life is gone when you cannot die. At the last moment, I pull up and land on my feet, leaving two relatively large footprints in the ground.

"Nice landing," he says, changing back into his human-looking form and putting on a pair of pants he had hidden under a tree.

"Thank you."

"Are you well?"

"Yes." Somewhere in the house, Ava laughs. The sound fills my ears.

"How was your trip to Florida?"

We walk toward the house. "Fine. Cal is searching for more information." The details are irrelevant.

"Ivan is nearby."

"I know."

"He wants something." Ava laughs again. Claire joins her.

"He always wants something. That used to be my death, but now I am not so sure. There is only one other thing that he could want and that is to make me suffer as he has."

"But he cannot touch Ava."

"That doesn't matter. There is always a way."

"You should change her." It's the first time he's said it to me. I know he's thought it. I have thought it. Ava has obsessed over it.

"There has to be another way." There must be another way. The way to save her life is not to end it.

"It is your choice."

"What would you do? If it was Adele?" At the mention of her name, he freezes like a statue. His eyes focus on something far away. A girl that had ended many years ago. I need to know his answer.

"I would do it."

"You would change her."

"Yes."

"Even with everything you know."

"Yes."

"No hesitation." I need him to say it one more time.

"Yes." He offers no explanation. I wait for one. "If she would have been human, I would have changed her. Then the bind wouldn't exist and I wouldn't have lost her. But it did not happen that way." Only his lips move as he speaks. Even the air is still.

"You have also not considered something else."

"What is that?"

"That if you do not change her, she might find someone who will. And they could... take advantage of her vulnerability." Oh yes, I had thought about it. Many times. But there was a catch, which I had not told Ava. In order for another noctalis to touch her, she would need to be so near death that the chances of her being changed would be miniscule. It was not worth the risk. I had not told her that. Because I knew she might want to gamble.

"Think about it," he says before departing.

I spend the rest of my time, without Ava, flying. Since I never get tired or need to rest, I don't have to stop. Before she came into my life, I would often spend days or weeks in the sky, only coming down long enough to feed. Sometimes, I would ride through a hurricane. Once I was swept inside a tornado and spit out several miles from where I started. That was nothing compared to flying with Ava in my arms.

My thoughts spin like a tornado, tossing out random bits and potentialities until I'm so wrapped in it, I take a breath to try and release myself. It seems to work well for humans, this breathing. It does little to calm my thoughts, but I do my best, trying not to telegraph them to Ava.

The rain tapers off and soon the wind has my pants and hair dry again. I dip down every now and then to check on Ava. I try to rationalize it as we both need the closeness. She and her mother are deep into the mysteries of pie crust. I hope Ava teaches me later. I enjoy her teaching me about food, even if I do not wish to eat it.

I push my hair back from my forehead before pulling myself through her window.

"Hey Peter," she says when she opens the door. Her lovely cheeks flush and she pulls me into her with those eyes. No, I cannot crush this warmth and happiness from her with immortality.

Chapter Seventeen

Ava

Peter is acting a little weird, even for him. We're in the kitchen, basking in the smell of an apple pie and a blackberry pie that are cooling on the counter. They look freaking delicious. Earth-shattering, you might say. I've finally decided that Peter should come over when my dad is here. The sooner he gets used to Peter and the quicker we can integrate him into the family, the better. Because he is my family now. I'm still injured from what he said last night, but I'm doing my best not to let it show. Don't worry, be happy.

He came out earlier when Peter "happened to stop by" and gave his disapproval. Then Mom saves us by asking him to go and get her some more mulch and potting soil. Bless her. He'd be back soon and then Peter and I would have to keep at least five feet of distance between us. It was Mom's idea to make pie. It seemed like a normal Sunday thing to do, so I couldn't say no.

"How's Viktor? Still wolfy?" I joke, trying to get him to smile in the presence of my mother. It would be good to get him to do that so she'll stop being so wary around him. She's gotten much better, but we still have a long way to go.

If I'm being completely honest, I want her approval. I need it. I can't give my life to him unless she supports it. Kind of like asking your father's permission before you get engaged. Only, Peter and I weren't getting engaged. You can always break an engagement. You can't unbecome a noctalis.

"Wolfy?" My mother says. I look at Peter to ask if it's okay if I tell her about Viktor.

Blink.

"He kind of looks like a wolf when he wants to. Do you remember the guy in the third Harry Potter? He kind of looks a little like that. Only not so scary. And more human. Ish." Of course I botch the explanation.

She stares at me like I've grown an extra head. "He's a werewolf?"

"The legends may very well be based on some of us," Peter chimes in.

"Really? What other legends?"

"Angels, vampires, fey, both Greek and Roman gods. Most any culture with supernatural beings as legends has been based on my kind." It's weird when he says 'my kind.'

I watched the cogs work in her brain, thinking of all the noctalis possibilities. I've already been there, done that.

"How interesting. Are there many of you?"

The fact that they're talking so easily warms the cockles of my heart.

What the hell are cockles?

Peter speaks again. This is the most he's ever talked to her. "Several hundred at most. It is difficult to tell. We do not tend to stay in groups."

"Huh." Mom looks like she's thinking real hard again. The timer dings, alerting us that the pies are cool enough to eat.

"What about your other brother, the one who came, ah, to visit?"

"We are not close," Peter says, closing the subject.

"This is Ava's very first pie made from scratch," she says, going with the flow.

"It looks wonderful." Yeah, I should win a damn prize.

The reason I'm learning to make a pie isn't because my mother wants to teach me. Well, it is, but she needs me to know because she won't be around when I eventually want to learn. It's like trying to cram a lifetime of memories into a few months. It's impossible. There's always that ticking clock, telling me that this could be the last time we make pie. This could be the last time we laugh together. This time. This time.

"I must go," Peter says before doing his disappearing act. Moments later Dad's car is back and guess who gets to help him unload a million bags of mulch and soil and drag them to the shed? Yeah, that's me.

The rest of the afternoon is Peter-free and spent with my mother on our hands and knees in the garden. She's teaching me about the tulips, and I'm trying to remember everything.

"Don't worry," she says, tapping my shoulder with a trowel, "I wrote it all down. Just be glad I'm not a fan of orchids. Now those are hard to grow." I had no idea.

God, I was going to kill all these plants without even trying. Maybe Peter could help me. He liked nature.

"So, she says," ripping open another bag of mulch, "you love him."

My chin hits the ground and I say, "come again?"

Her hand brushes some dirt off my nose.

"You love him." I flounder and can't speak. How did she know?

"Yeah." She laughs.

"Don't me ashamed of love, ma fleur. He may not be the boy I would have chosen for you, but if you love him and he loves and takes care of you, that's all I can ask for." Oh crap, here come the waterworks. What I don't tell her is that Peter can't love me. But what he does give me is so worth it.

Even when he's a pain in my ass.

I fall into her arms, tears escaping from my eyes. "I love him." It's such a relief to say it out loud. I don't know why I have to cry about it, but there you are.

"I know," she says into my hair. "I know. C'est la vie."

"Hello, Ava," A voice says from the roof. We both look up to find Peter perched on the edge, his legs dangling over the rain gutter. Speak of the devil and he shall appear.

"What are you doing?" I shade my eyes against the sun, trying to wipe the tears away.

"Talking to you. I did not want your father to see." He smiles again. I answer him with one of my own.

"Such a smart boy." Mom gazes up at him as if he's an exotic bird perched on the roof. She shrugs and goes back to gardening.

"I want to take you on a date."

"A what?" I swear I heard him wrong.

"He said a date," Mom says, jabbing me in the ribs.

"Yeah, I got that." I look back up to Peter.

"Like the kind of date where you pick me up and we go out and have awkward conversation and then I wonder if you're going to kiss me or not on the front porch, that kind of date?" This seems like a really bad time for something like that.

"More or less."

"And how are you picking me up for this date?" I put my hands on my hips. It's not that I'm against it, but I really don't think he can pull it off.

"I have a car I can borrow." I don't like the sound of that. He probably borrows clothes and shoes, too.

"Sure you do," I mutter. Mom just hums and keeps spreading mulch.

"Fine. I would love to go on a date with you, Peter." It sounds bitchy. I soften my face with a smile. In case he's offended. Which he never is.

"Ava's never told me where you live, Peter." It seems like she's trying to keep the conversation going, but really, she's pumping him for information. But she's a mom, and they do things like that to their daughter's boyfriends. I tell myself that she'd do the same thing if he was human.

He doesn't lie to her.

"I don't live any specific place. Some noctali are infatuated with material possessions, but I have no value for most things. I traveled about for many years with nothing more than the clothes on my back."

She looks up at the sun. "It sounds very romantic. I remember when I was in college my girlfriends and I had planned this trip across Europe. Of course the idea was squashed when my mother found the backpack where I'd stashed some money and my passport." I didn't know about that.

"Where did you want to go?"

She waves her hand in the air. "Prague, Rome, Vienna."

Something echoes behind Peter's eyes. I've gotten so good at reading him now. "Lovely places."

"You've been?"

"I have seen most of the world at one point or another." No big deal. He had a lot of free time.

"Wow." She sighs and sits back on her heels. I can't picture my mother doing something like that. The camping, yes, but not the traveling. She and Dad weren't big on it. We'd taken a few family vacations, but she'd never expressed a desire to see Europe. Had I missed something?

"Why didn't you and Dad ever go?" She lets out a breath.

"Oh, things happen. We got married and we were going to do the honeymoon after and then we couldn't afford it and then we had you and it got put on the back burner. Your dreams change when you have children. You'll see." If things went the way I wanted them to, I wouldn't be having any children. For some reason that makes me sad for just a moment.

"You should go," Peter says.

"I wish I could."

Why couldn't she? I'm sure she and Dad had money saved up for a rainy day. Well, it was pouring now.

The front door pops open, making me jump. My eyes fly to the roof, but Peter is already gone.

"What are you looking at?" Dad comes out on the porch and follows Mom's and my gaze to the spot Peter once occupied. Mom's the first to recover.

"Just a strange bird. It's gone now." She dazzles him with a smile. He squints up at the sky, looking for the "strange bird." Yeah, you're not going to see it, Dad.

"Are you sure you should be out here? Don't tax yourself."

"I'm fine. I was just going to come in for a glass of iced tea. I just have to finish up. Okay?" He nods and goes back into the house. Peter's back, as soon as he closes the door.

"What a strange bird you are."

Blink.

"I must go. If I am going to get a car, I will need to find a place to rent one." And there's the first lie to my mother. I give him a look, but he ignores me.

He's not renting a car. He's going to borrow one without permission. Or if you're feeling like a pirate, he's going to commandeer one. It's kind of hard to rent a car when you don't have a driver's license or a social security number. But Mom doesn't know that, and I'm not going into it right now.

Mom looks up, as if she's remembered he's there. "We'll see you tonight. You might want to, ah, spruce up a little." Her eyes rake Peter up and down and I want to slap my head again for not thinking of it myself.

I snap my fingers. "Clothes. You need new clothes. And shoes."

Mom's eyes light up. "Why don't you take him shopping? Then you can drop him off at the car place." Brilliant. Unsupervised Peter time where I can molest him with my eyes. And not think about last night and creepy Cal and the six days we have to wait for answers.

I dash into the house and grab my purse, popping a quick kiss on her cheek.

"Don't do anything that would make me ashamed of you," she calls we get in the car.

Moms.

Peter

"I don't want you buying me clothes," I say.

"Too bad. You need clothes and I'm going to buy them for you." She turns the car on and backs down the driveway, barely looking in the mirror. Sometimes her driving skills make me nervous for her safety.

"Are you sure this is a good idea, leaving her without someone to protect her?" She is having second thoughts. Her indecision plucks at me.

"Viktor is here."

"Oh, good."

"Really, though, I'm not sure if this is a good idea. It seems like inviting trouble to frolic about going shopping and such when we should be hiding in a bunker with a lot of automatic weapons." I try to follow her trail of thought. It is often like trying to find my way through a briar patch.

"I will protect you." It does not appease her.

"I don't want you to have to. I want to protect you more." I put my thumb on her lip, making her swerve in the road. I am not trying to silence her, but she does go mute. She straightens the wheel and I take my hand away. I should not distract her like that.

"Where are we going to buy clothes?" I say, changing the subject. I haven't bought clothes since I was human. Usually, I take them when I can. There is not much of a selection, but beggars can't be choosers. She taps her chin before she answers.

"Well, I can't really picture taking you to Walmart, so we're going to the thrift store in Sussex. You clearly don't have a problem wearing used clothes, so we'll find you something there. I would take you to some fancy place, but I can't really afford it." She glances quickly at me as her cheeks pink. Her attention is diverted. For now.

"You don't have to buy me clothes." I do not like her spending money on me. She has so little of it. I would spend all the money I possessed on her. If she would let me. What was once mine belongs to her. She has the key.

"Well, you need clothes and shoes and I'm not comfortable with you stealing them. I'll let you steal a car, but I'm not letting you steal clothes." She laughs a little.

"What is funny?" She continues to giggle. The sound is warm and light and I want to bottle it.

"I have more qualms about you stealing clothes than a car. That's what's funny." I do not find it funny, but enjoy her laugh anyway.

She puts on the radio and hums along. She reminds me of her mother so often. I don't think she knows how much like her she really is.

The place she takes us is in the back of downtown Sussex, on a side street. All the buildings are of old weathered brick. It is an old town, and I like that. I remember spending a night or two in a few of the churches in town, before her.

Churches were one of my many hobbies to pass my immortality. I made it a habit to visit a church in every place I visited. Sussex was no exception. Despite religion being out of fashion in the modern world, there are always churches.

Her car fits into the only available space out of three. Her car protests when she turns it off. I will get Viktor to look at it while she is sleeping.

"Come on," she says, nodding to the store. "You're going to be my living Ken doll."

Her arm slips through mine like a link in a chain. "What is a Ken doll?"

"It's..." She searches for the words, looking up at the cloudy sky. "Never mind. I'll show you sometime. It's too hard to explain. Basically what I mean is that you're going to be a doll and I'm going to put clothes on you." My sisters had dolls. They would pester me to do the buttons on the backs of the dresses because their little fingers weren't nimble enough. I spent many afternoons that way, sitting in the little parlor that overlooked the garden, the sun streaming in through the bay window. I had worked hard to hold onto that memory.

"I do not care what I wear." Unlike Ca, I had never cared for clothes.

"Yeah, I know." She rolls her eyes back. Humans put much emphasis on the clothes you wear as a means of judging the person inside. Noctali do not judge this way.

Musty and cluttered, the store smells like dust and abandoned memories. Things are crammed in nooks and crannies and piled in tottering stacks everywhere. Damaged mannequins hide in corners like ghosts. There seems to be no form of organization as pants, jackets and scarves are all hung on the same rack with no tags for sizing. At least the men's and women's clothes are separated. That is a blessing.

There is only one other person here, an older woman who is in the back, moving boxes and cursing under her breath about her arthritis.

"What about this?" Ava places a black fedora on my head. I lean down so she can adjust it. She tips it to the side and stands back, squinting and leaning to one side, considering.

"Not bad." She takes it off my head, but holds onto it. With laser precision, she scouts the racks, finding pants and holding them up to me, shirts and finally shoes.

"What size do you wear?"

"I do not know." I knew once. But it was not something I held onto.

Her laugh rings through the shop. "One way to find out. Stick you feet in those." I slip out of the flip flops and slide my feet into the shoes she puts in front of me.

"May I help you?" The owner emerges from behind a beaded curtain, her eyes squinting to find us in the dim light.

"No thanks, we're good," Ava says. The woman squints in our direction for a few more seconds and then goes into the back again, muttering about her glasses.

I remove my feet from the shoes. "Too small."

"Okay, try these." She puts another pair down. They are made of leather and look soft.

"Better."

"What about these?" The shoes are black with white laces. I put them on and cinch up the laces, tying a quick bow. They are comfortable.

"Yay, you can tie your shoes." She claps. We add the two pairs of shoes to the hat and keep going. She piles things on my arms, without even consulting me. Every now and then she holds up something to me, squinting her eyes. I marvel again at how much expression passes across her face in one day. Finally she seems to be satisfied with my armful of garments.

"Now you're going to have to try this stuff on. To the dressing room!" She raises her arm as if she's riding into battle. Her mood has lifted from the day before, like a balloon floating into the sky.

She shoves me behind a curtain and pulls it shut. She hands me several items over the top, saying, "you're going to have to show me when you've put them on."

First is a pair of jeans and a blue shirt. I strip out of my other clothes, turning my back to the mirror. I do not often look in reflective surfaces. There is no need. My face and body have not changed. Vanity is not one of my vices.

The jeans slide over my hips and settle low. They are too baggy for my liking. I put the shirt on. It's made of a soft material that makes me think of the shirts Ava wears to bed. It doesn't smell like her, but I hope in time it will. All the clothes carry the smell of the human that wore them last. They all carry the residue of blood.

"Let me see." On the other side of the curtain, Ava bounces up and down on her feet. I pull open the curtain and she beams.

"Not bad. Turn." She swirls her finger in a circle. I am puzzled. "Spin around so I can see the whole effect." I turn around.

"The jeans are a little baggy for you. Unless you want your underwear showing at the top like some badass rapper guy." I have no idea what she means, but I do not like the bagginess.

"No, I do not."

Her eyes skip up and down and around my chest, assessing the shirt. "I didn't think so. The shirt's nice though." She brushes a finger across my chest. "Okay, the shirt is a go, the jeans not so much. Next outfit." I let her push me back behind the curtain.

By the time Ava is finished with me, I have more than a few shirts. In my arms are no less than ten shirts, six pairs of jeans, one pair of black pants, two jackets and one sweatshirt.

She snaps her fingers as if she's remembered something. "Oh, pjs. You need those, too."

I assume she means pajamas. What would I need those for? "I don't sleep."

"I know, but it's weird when we go to bed and you're still wearing jeans. I guess you could wear boxers." Her face blooms with red and I understand her embarrassment. "You're going to be on your own for that stuff. But I could at least get you some comfy pants." She adds a pair of soft gray pants that I don't try on to the pile.

"Is that it?" The shop is so small that I wish to get outside. The air is stale and old. I can barely smell Ava with all the other things crowded in the shop.

There are so many hints of other lives, other people who have worn these clothes. The places they went, what they did seeps into the fabric. I'm not sure if I can wash it out. I hope Ava's scent will someday drown it out.

"I think so. Not too bad for a rinky dinky thrift store." We go to the counter and Ava pays with her card. I want to protest, but she is determined. The woman looks from me to Ava and back, pressing her lips together as she puts my new clothes in a bag. We're about to leave when I see something hiding behind a naked mannequin that is missing one arm. It's a dress. Ava needs a dress. The only dress I have seen her in was Texas', and I hadn't seen it since.

"What about you?"

"What about me?" She turns, her hand on the door, the bag with my things in the other.

I gesture at the shop as a whole. She should get something. "Would you like something?"

"We came here for you."

"You should get yourself something." She lets go of the door and looks around. Her shoulders slump. I can tell she's tired.

"I don't know. I'm not really in the mood." Her earlier buoyancy has deflated somewhat.

I move toward the sparkle I'd seen behind the mannequin. "Would you let me pick something for you?" She smiles and looks at the floor.

"Sure." She takes the bag from me and sits in a chair outside the changing room. I pull out the item that had caught my eye. It's a green and black dress that would hit her right above the knee. I am not a good judge of women's clothing, but I know Ava, and this would fit her. It would also bring out the color in her eyes.

"This." I hold it up so she can see it. She gets up and comes to feel the fabric watching it shift in the light.

"Wow, that's really pretty. Where did you find it?"

I point to the mutilated mannequin. "Over there. Will you put it on?"

She flushes before saying, "yeah, okay." She goes behind the curtain and I hear her slide out of her other clothes and pull the dress on. Taking a deep breath, she pauses before drawing the curtain back.

I cannot speak for a moment, lost in her beauty. Her eyes shine bright, her hair tumbles down her back and the dress hugs her frame as if it was crafted for her alone. She adjusts the straps, a nervous tick.

There is only one thing to say.

"You look lovely."

This time the smile reaches her eyes and a surge of pleasure runs through her, warm and sweet. "Thanks. It's a bit tighter and shorter than I'm used to wearing." She pulls at the hem as if trying to make the dress longer. I like the length where it is. Besides, it is longer than the dress she wore the night we danced. I have thought about that night many times since.

"What about the gold dress?" I ask. She rolls her eyes again.

"Don't even get me started. That was all Tex. I wouldn't have worn that if I'd known that was what it looked like ahead of time. She knew that, which was why she knew I'd have no choice but to wear it." She's shifting and twitching inside the fabric, and I can feel her discomfort.

"What is wrong with it?"

She finally meets my eyes. "I don't know. I just feel kinda exposed." Crossing her arms, she moves closer to me, as if I'm going to shield her indecency.

"You shouldn't hide your beauty." I take her arms and pull them out. She resists, but lets me.

"I'm not hiding it. I'm just, keeping it under wraps. Like a secret."

I have an impulse and take one of her hands, holding it above her head. She giggles and twirls under my arm, striking a pose with one of her feet in the air.

"You should buy it and wear it on the date."

She finally relaxes. "Yeah, and freeze to death." I often forget that she gets cold.

"You should still buy it." I like the dress, but I like it more when it's on her. Her hair look like a river of black ink rolling down her back as she turns to go back into the changing room. "Buy it. For me." She could get away with anything in that dress.

She looks over her shoulder. "Fine." One side of her mouth turns up in a smile. Effortless.

While she's putting her normal clothes back on I try smiling a few times in the mirror, butI need Ava to tell me if it looks right.

Chapter Eighteen

Ava

If I'd known wearing a skimpy dress would get Peter to look at me like that, I probably would have done it sooner and more often. True, I had worn one that night when we danced, but I'd forgotten a lot about that night, due to the craziness that ensued afterward. Oh no, I hadn't forgotten the dancing. I couldn't forget that even if I wanted to. And I very much didn't.

One look at his face when I came out of the changing room was all it took for me to want the dress. I thought it was nice when he held it up, but I like that he likes it on me more. It's got a cool swirly black and green pattern of leaves and there is a subtle sheen to it when I move. The straps are thin, so my shoulders are pretty naked. Although, my boobs look fantastic, so there is that.

I try to forget that I'd been wearing a green dress that night at Bolero when my parents had shattered my world forever. That night had led to meeting Peter. And my mother would still be sick if they had told me or not.

I have absolutely no place to wear the dress. It's more of a formal dance kind of thing, what with the sparkles and all, but I don't think I'll be going to prom this year. The point of prom is to spend it with a big group of people. I just have Jamie and Tex and I can't bring the person I want to bring, so it would be lame. I might have to go anyway, to make my mother happy. Maybe I could smuggle him in. He's stealthy enough. I'd only have to dance with him once to make it worth it. But prom was a long way off. I couldn't see past this week yet.

After the thrift store I took Peter to the local equivalent of a department store so he could buy unmentionables. There was no way I was going with him to buy underwear, so I wrote him out a check and signed it.

First of all, I'm not his mother and second, I would spend the whole time picturing him in said underwear and he'd know and that would be super awkward for me. Especially if he could sort of read my mind.

I can't even go into the store with him, it's that bad. I feel a serious case of the giggles coming on so I stand outside and stare at the window displays and hoping he can shop in a store without me needing to rescue him.

He comes out a few minutes later with a bag. Phew. I don't ask to see what's in it and he doesn't offer to show me. Instead he shoves the bag in the back of my car along with the thrift shop bags. I really wish I was a fly on the wall to watch him check out, but alas. I was not.

"So where are we procuring this car from?" I have to change the subject so I'll stop thinking about whether he got boxers or briefs. Or those things that are in between.

Shut up, Ava.

His stupid hair's in his face again, but I don't push it back. "A dealership."

"You're going to take a car from a dealership?" Is he insane? Of course they're going to notice a missing car. There's also the little problem of security cameras. I doubt even Peter's noctalis powers would work on those.

"If you take them from the back of the lot, most people don't notice." Oh, he's definitely done this before. I don't know how I feel about that. I'm going to cover all my bases to make sure he knows what he's doing.

"What about license plates?"

"I take the temporary ones from the dealership."

"What if you get pulled over?" I'm trying to poke holes in this plan because I really don't like it.

"I never get pulled over." He's super confident. I've never seen Peter cocky, but I can hear it in his tone.

"Yeah, I bet you don't. So which dealership?" I'll steer him away from the one where my parents bought their cars.

"It doesn't matter." I really feel uncomfortable about this. We have to drive a little ways before we even get to one dealership, and I go right past the first one.

"What about there?" Peter says as I drive by.

"My mom bought a car there once. The guy is really nice. I couldn't steal from him."

"We are not stealing. Simply borrowing." Yeah, sure, it's just semantics.

"Without permission." I try to give him my best glare.

He is undeterred. "They loan out their cars frequently, but they will not loan one without identification." He's patched all the holes I'd tried to make. And I was out of ideas.

"You're right. You're right." I know he's right. And I know that he needs a car to pick me up in. Dad would never believe that he wouldn't, going to a swanky school like Galdon. God, I hope he doesn't want to go to the BMW dealership.

"What about there?" He points to another dealership. I've seen the owner on tv, jumping up and down wearing various ridiculous costumes. He seems too nice. I can't take from him, either.

"Uh uh." I keep driving until I get to the mega lot a half-hour away from Sussex. They've got everything from trucks to sedans to minvans. I pull in and go to the back of the lot. Bingo. There's a black Prius. Sure, it's not a very masculine car, but it's good for the environment. He wouldn't have to put gas in it.

"That one," I say, pointing.

"What is it?"

"A Toyota Prius. It's energy efficient." I shut the car off, but I'm too scared to get out. My eyes travel to the lights, looking for the red flash of a camera.

"I will find the keys."

"Wait a second," I say, looking around. "There are probably cameras all over the place. They're going to catch you." God, why does he have to do these things that stress me out?

"I will disable the cameras. Viktor taught me how." Well, he's just full of surprises.

I really don't want to be around for that part. "I think I'm going to leave. I'll park over there." I point to a church across the road. "When you get the car meet me." I'm freaking out and trying not to show it. I was not cut out for this life of crime. The sooner I get out of here the better. How do I get myself into these things?

It was easy. I'd gone to a cemetery and met a noctalis. And hadn't run in the other direction. Because I was an idiot.

"You should probably wait a few minutes after I leave. So I should go now. So I'm going to do that. Right now." He blinks and I get in the car and drive to the church. The irony that I'm waiting in a church parking lot for my vampire angel boyfriend to steal a car so he can impress my father, is not lost on me.

A few lifetimes and gray hairs later, the Prius pulls up beside me. He looks pretty good in it.

"All good?" I say, holding the steering wheel in a vise grip.

"Yes," says Mr. Cool-as-a-cucumber.

"Here are your clothes," I say, handing the bags out the window, including the underwear bag. "I guess I'll see you later then?"

"It will be fine. I have a car now." He runs his hands down the steering wheel as if he really likes the feel of it. The black color doesn't hold a candle to the color of his wings.

"How do you like it?"

"I'd rather I were riding in the passenger seat of yours."

"Yeah, me too." With that I swing out of the parking lot of the church and head back home. I don't see where Peter goes, but I'll see him later. He'll probably just drive the car around for fun. I'm sure he prefers flying. I would too, if I had wings.

****

All I smell when I walk back into the house is blood. I thought my tolerance was getting better, but it slams me like a bolt of lightning. I close my eyes and take a deep breath. Only that doesn't help.

For some reason, it gets worse at night, or when I've been away from it and then come back or I'm stressed. Or all three in the present case.

I start to panic, running up to my room and shutting the door. Of course Mom thinks something's wrong and I have to tell her that I'm just in a hurry to get ready for the date. I throw the window open and pace the room, gnawing at my thumbnail and praying Peter gets here fast.

I'm tempted to send out an SOS, using our connection, but I'm trying not to rely on him so much. It's selfish. But I must have called to him anyway, because he's in the window five minutes later. And less than two seconds after that he takes my hand and does the calming thing, stroking my hair and saying things I can't understand in my current state.

And it stops. Peter is a balm to my burning body. Somehow the smell dissipates, fading until all I smell is the leftover pie, my mother's soap and Peter. All perfectly lovely non-blood scents. I want to kiss Peter to thank him, but hold back.

Why does he always have to save me? Why can't I be the one doing the saving?

I want to be the hero. Just once.

"Stop saving me," I whisper.

"I am not saving you. I am helping." I'm not having another argument about definitions, so I let go of his hand.

"You should go. You're supposed to pick me up in twenty minutes." He stands behind me, putting his hands on my waist.

"I will be here in fifteen."

"Okay," I say, trying not to let myself melt into him. I'd been far too free with him this afternoon. It wouldn't lead to anything good. Whoever created that saying about temptation being fun, but giving in is better clearly had never been involved with a noctalis.

I think he's going to say something else, but he must sense me pushing him away, even if I'm not doing it physically. He steps away and is out the window before I can breathe again.

I shouldn't have done that. Today had been so much fun being with Peter and laughing and pretending to be human.

My negativity had gotten us nowhere. I'd made a promise to myself to be less negative, and here I was, captain of the SS Negativity. Why did I always do that? Between the possibility of losing him, and the things he'd said the night before, I'm drowning in a well of suckiness.

I paced around the room, trying to get myself out of the deep hole I'd sunk into again. A knock at my door startles me.

"Hey ma fleur, everything okay?" She's got her apron on again. Pretty soon we're going to have to stockpile pies in the basement at the rate she's making them.

"Yeah, fine."

"You sure?"

"No, not really." She comes in and closes the door. I want to run to her, to crush myself on her shoulder and cry and have her fix it. But I'm too old for that. Even my mother couldn't fix something supernatural.

"Can I help?" I sigh.

"I just can't seem to stop thinking that bad things are going to happen. That every time something good happens, that something else will come and take it away."

"You have to have the bad. If you didn't have that, you wouldn't see the good when it shows up. Just let the good happen."

It was so simple. Let it happen. Go with it. Ride the wave, go with the flow, etc. I could do that. Hell, if she could do it, then I could. All my negativity from seconds ago seemed so childish. Immature. Useless. All it did was make me miserable. Then it would transfer to Peter and we'd be the Debbie Downer couple. I didn't want that.

I believed in our relationship, Peter and me. Somehow we'd been brought together. Before my mother got sick, I believed everything happened for a reason. After my mother's diagnosis, I knew that wasn't true. Still, I had to believe that Peter and I were meant to be. Or that I was meant to help him get free of his bind. Maybe that was it.

It was enough for me.

"See?" Mom smiles after watching my mental process. I'm sure it was written all over my face.

"Yeah."

"You're my smart child."

"I'm your only child."

"Exactly." I get a hug before she leaves me to get ready for my date.

****

A hour later Peter comes to pick me up in the Prius. I thought about putting on the new sparkly dress on, but settle for jeans and a nice black v-neck shirt with embellishments around the neckline, and a pair of riding boots. I wait until the last possible second to go downstairs. I hold my breath all the way to the door.

He rings the doorbell like a gentleman, and I let him in, taking in his new outfit. A button-up shirt in a blue that almost matches one of his eyes, black pants, a leather jacket and the dress shoes. Atop his head is the fedora, tilted jauntily to the side. He's perfect.

I finally breathe, and the scent of blood claws at me. Peter grabs my hands and yanks me toward him. I'm crushed to his chest as he says, "fight it."

I try.

Mom and Dad sit in the living room, waiting. Peter tows me in behind him like a puppy on a leash.

I'm having flashbacks from when we did this last time. It didn't go well then, and this time we don't have Aj. At least we have somewhere to be, so there isn't a lot of time for awkward questions. Or is there?

"Where are you going on your date?" is the first question. Please don't say flying or the cemetery, please don't say flying or the cemetery. Peter lets go of my hand, and the loss of contact instantly freaks me out. I'm panicking about having the smell come back to me, and that, in turn, makes me panic more. And then it happens. Visions of how many ways I could kill my father chase each other through my head, one after the other. My pasted-on smile falls and it's all I can do to stay in the chair.

Peter takes my hand again and sends me all he can, but I would need to practically lie on top of him to douse the flames of this attack. It's up to him to do all the talking. He's leaning on the chair I'm sitting in, so this helps a little.

"I thought we could have desert at that diner Ava likes so much and then perhaps a walk on the beach." I would snort with laughter at this, if I wasn't currently not in a laughing state. It sounds like something we'd do if he could, you know, actually eat. Something that a normal human couple would do.

"Oh, that sounds so romantic." Mom clutches onto Dad, distracting him for a second. I really need to learn how to do that. Then Peter pulls me onto his lap and I forget everything else. Oh thank god. He wraps me in him and only him and I couldn't be happier, or safer, or anything other than blissfully happy.

It's always him. We fit together like two mismatched puzzle pieces that couldn't fit anywhere else. Clearly, Dad doesn't think so, based on his horrified face. Peter speaks, the sound reverberating through my eardrum.

"Mr. Sullivan, I want you to know that I cherish your daughter and I would never do anything that she would not consent to. I would never hurt her intentionally, and I will do my best to protect her heart." Oh Jesus. I'm practically swooning. I feel like he should be on one knee or something and I should have a sword in my hand as he promises to serve me until his dying day. Sir Peter, My Savior. If only I could be his, just for a moment.

Dad's flabbergasted. He opens his mouth and closes it like a goldfish a few times before making a sputtering sound. Mom just cuddles closer to him, gazing at him with adoring eyes. Well-played, mother.

"Peter, that is so sweet. Isn't that sweet, Sam?"

"Uh, that's very, uh. Yes, it is." He rubs his hands on his pants as if he's trying to clean Peter's germs off them, even though they shook hands ten minutes ago. I seize my moment of escape.

"On that note, we should get going. Miller's lemon meringue is calling my name." I stand up, taking Peter with me. No one else moves. I try to walk, but Peter holds me back. Like he's waiting for something. Permission?

"Once again, it was nice to see you, Mr. Sullivan." Peter holds out his hand again, holding mine with the other. Dad shakes it like a robot. He's still stunned.

"Well, uh, you kids have fun. Remember it's a school night." He emerges from his shock.

Peter squeezes my hand. Probably telling me to shut my face without telling me to shut my face.

"I will have her back by 9:00." Oohh, an half-hour before my weeknight curfew. Very smooth, Peter.

"Bye Mom, bye Dad." I don't give them a kiss or anything, but Mom gives me a wink and an I'll-take-care-of-him look about Dad. He's still staring at Peter as if he's not sure he's human. He would be correct.

"Have fun," Mom calls as I shut the door. A second later I lean my back against it.

"That," I say breathing out slowly, "was close."

Chapter Nineteen

Peter

"I'm sorry about that." She has still not let go of my hand. The bones in her fingers creak as she grips as tight as she can.

"You have nothing to be sorry about. You handled it." She shakes her head as I open the car door for her. She sits in the seat sideways, not letting go.

"No, you handled it. This is getting worse, Peter."

"We will have answers soon." Her eyes plead with me. The moonlight sparkles on her skin, catching all the little hairs that cover her body.

"It might not be soon enough." I lean down so my face is level with hers and take her other hand. Her skin is blazing hot with anxiety, fear, uncertainty. I cannot fight her demons for her, although I would slay them all, if I could.

"You are strong. You are mine. We are strong. We will be strong together." Her hands pull me forward, until our foreheads touch. I pull back, letting her emotions take me over. It is overwhelming. Like a crowd of angry bees they swarm. I wait.

Slowly, her breathing evens. Her hands stop holding mine so hard. She focuses on something. Whatever it is, it is working. I wait until the torrent of her emotions has slowed to a swirl, like water down a drain.

She removes her forehead from mine, snapping her eyes open.

"What would I do without you?"

"Be human." I wish to kiss her, but I pull back and get in the driver's seat instead.

"Dad's face was kinda funny when I sat on your lap."

"He did not like it."

"Yeah, I got that. He just doesn't understand. I've never really dated before."

"I was not what he expected." She laughs, and it flows from her to me like fire.

"I don't know what he expected. Someone like him. Maybe a math geek who also was on the golf team or something. Mom would want someone who was into plants and maybe artsy. He'd probably play the guitar and make quiche." She says it without much hesitation. As if she's thought about it. The examples are rather specific. She leans her head back against the seat, turning to look at me. She's settled now. Relaxed.

She hasn't asked where we are going yet, but I want to know what she thought of when she pictured who she would date. "I didn't really have anything in mind. I always thought having a specific type of person you would be attracted to was stupid. What if you meet someone who doesn't meet those specifications? Are you just not going to date them because they don't fit your ideal? So many people have unrealistic ideals anyway."

I think about that for a moment.

"You're so much more than ideal. I never could have imagined someone like you. So anything I could have had before is irrelevant. I have you now." I reach out to take her hand. She pulls my arm and folds her body around it. As if she will never let go.

"You're my ideal." I glance at her and her face is wrapped in a smile. It is impossible to think that anything I could do would make her look like that.

She studies my hand, putting her fingers up to mine. "So where are we really going?"

"To Miller's. I want to take you out on a human date." She puts our palms together and curls her fingers between mine.

"But you can't eat."

"I can pretend. For you."

"And then we're walking on the beach?"

"If you want." I reach out to brush some hair behind her ear. Her smile widens and her heart picks up.

"It sounds so human. So ordinary. But really romantic."

I had thought for a long time about what a teenage couple would do on a date. "I am trying to be more human."

"It's working." She turns on the radio. I set it to the classical station. Sometimes I miss the music of my human life. The soft instruments, the lush voices that hummed with vocal power.

Pachelbel's Canon shivers through the air.

"I love this song. It always makes me think of weddings," she says as if she were reading my mind. My skin has started to absorb the heat of her skin. Her scent blows around the car, covering up the scent of the dealership.

The music washes around us, drops of it flowing into our ears, making us quiet for the rest of the way. She is lost in thought that I do not wish to disturb. I hope she is not worried. I test the thread that connects us, pulling it a little to see if she is all right. I just get a buzz from her thoughts. Musings. Nothing bad, nothing good. Just even.

The neon sign over the diner throws orange light onto the hood of the car and onto our skin. She tenses up.

"What if I want them?" Her voice is quiet.

"I will hold your hand. You can fight it."

"How?" I consider before answering.

"Accept that you want it and move on. The only way to get past it to go through it."

"I guess that makes sense." I bring her hand to my lips.

"If you decide that you need to get out, tell me and we will leave."

"We need a safe word," she says, tapping her chin with one finger. "How about wings? No, that's dumb. Um, unicorn? No..." she thinks some more.

"Adore," I say. She turns to me, smiling slowly.

"Perfect. So if I say that, it means I need to get out and you can go all Spiderman and rescue me." I still have not seen this Spiderman she talks about, but I nod anyway.

Clicking off the radio she says, "you're really going to have pie with me?" I wish I could tell her yes.

"I will sit with you. I will order coffee so I do not look out of place." I won't drink it, but perhaps I can give it to Ava.

She has to let go of my hand to get out of the car, but she takes it back as we walk into the diner.

"You're awesome." Her head burrows against my shoulder and her scent invades me.

"Thank you." I am not going to debate the status of my awesomeness with her tonight. Tonight we are going to be human. As human as I can get. I want this night for her.

"If we're going to be human, you should open the door for me." My hand was already going for the handle. I open it an usher her in.

"Thanks." She tenses as she takes a breath of the diner. I wait for her to say the word, or for something in our connection. She exhales.

"I'm fine," she says. And she is. A little tense, but I know she can handle it. She breathes again, smiling in delight. My Ava-Claire. My strong one.

The diner reeks of fried food and coffee and humans.

"Two?" The hostess at the counter asks us, holding up two fingers.

"Yes," I say. She writes something down and hands us a number written on a wooden disk. There are several other people waiting for tables, most of them elderly couples, but there are a few families with children. Ava smiles at a little girl who hides her face in her mother's leg, but peeks back at Ava, who blows up her cheeks. The little girl giggles and hides her face again. I have never seen Ava with children.

The family's number is called, and Ava waves to the little girl who skips off to their table.

"She is so cute." A little twinge of longing permeates her voice. So small she is not aware of it. But I hear it.

"You would make a good mother." She stares at me. I know that look. I have said something she did not expect. This happens less often to me, but it does every now and then.

Her cheeks bloom with red. "I'm a little young to be thinking about that anyway." She pulls a thread off my shirt and won't look any higher than my chest.

Not too young to think about throwing away her mortality.

A few minutes later the waitress calls our number. We're seated in the last booth at the end of the diner. It's coated in a thin glaze of grease from hundreds of french fries. Ava slides in one side and I go on the other. The menus wait for us, and I feel as if I should pick mine up, to keep up appearances.

Ava laughs as I pretend to study the menu. "Don't bother, I've got the whole thing memorized."

"But this is a human date. We should act like we haven't been here." There are a lot of things on this menu I had never eaten when I was human. What are sweet potato fries?

"Oh, right." She picks up her menu and pretends to peruse it. I want to reach for her hands. Our waitress comes over moments later. She's about seventeen, Ava's age, with dyed red hair and a jewel in her nose.

"How are you doing tonight?" She leans on one hip and tosses her head.

"Good," Ava says.

"Can I start you off with some drinks?" I feel her gaze on me, but it skitters away just as fast. Her heart rate increases, and she starts to let off a scent I've smelled millions of times. Fear.

"Water," I say.

"I'll have a Sprite."

"Do you need some more time with the menu, or are you ready to order?"

"I'll have a piece of the lemon meringue pie." The waitress writes it down, leaning as far away from me as possible.

"And for you?" She turns to me, her pen poised. She can sense my otherness, and can't meet my eyes, keeping her gaze firmly on the yellow notepad.

"I am fine, thank you." She nods and scurries away, glad to be away from my presence.

"You could have ordered something," Ava says, stacking the menus the waitress forgot on the end of the table. "That would have been the human thing to do."

"I did not want to waste anything."

"I guess not. You look kind of overdressed for this place." Her eyes linger on my chest. They have been doing that a lot since I bought the new clothes.

"I dressed for you, not the location."

"Also my dad," she points out. An elderly couple walks by us, taking the booth behind us. He has bad lungs. She has a healing bone in her hip. Still, they wear smiles on their faces. I can almost smell the love of nearly fifty years they've shared together. I tune out their conversation and focus on Ava.

"Also for him." I wish I could have washed the clothes before I wore them. They still linger with the scent of the thrift store and their last owner. Ava does not seem to notice or care.

"You look good," she says, putting her hands on the table.

"How are you?"

"I'm good. It's okay. I thought it was going to be really bad, but there's so much else. It's like there is so much of it that I can't focus on one, so it just doesn't bother me. Does that make sense?" It did. I had been through it millions of times before. More than I could ever count or remember. That was the biggest challenge being a noctalis. Resisting the urge for blood and finding something to fill your eternity.

"Yes." I touch her knee under the table. "What other human things should we do?" I ask. She will have to take the lead for tonight.

"Well, we should gaze into each other's eyes and argue about how awesome the other one is."

"Do you want to do that?" It doesn't sound like something Ava would participate in.

She smiles. "The gazing maybe. But I don't like to do that in public. It's too intimate. Also, it looks weird when two people are staring at each other. By the way, you should probably blink every now and then. And try to, you know, breathe. Or look like it. I'm used to you being so still, but the waitress is already freaked out by you. No offense."

"None taken." I never take offense to anything she says. I can see the waitress is hyper aware of me and how different I seem. Ava's father feels it as well, but his wife's approval overwhelms that feeling. Most of the time.

"If we were doing the complete human experience, we'd probably drive your car to a place and park it to make out." A blush creeps from her neck to her face as she says it.

"Is that what human couples do?" I have seen plenty of teenage couples to know that is what they do. The level of lasciviousness in teenagers today is astonishing.

"Sometimes. Other times they get drunk and stumble around."

"That I do know about." I had seen enough of that at the party we attended.

"Yeah, I know." The waitress interrupts us by bringing back our drinks. She sloshes some of the water when she sets mine down and hastily tries to mop it up.

"I am so sorry." She says it several times, as if we haven't heard her. I am familiar with human gestures of nerves. Ava has many of them.

"It is fine," I say, trying a smile. I don't show teeth, I just lift my lips a little. The waitress won't look at me. She apologizes again and goes to take another order.

"That smile wasn't bad. Still needs work. We need to give you a few different smiles for different situations."

"I still need to laugh." I hadn't tried yet. My throat didn't seem capable of making the sound.

"I know. We need to find things that are funny to you. I know you have a sense of humor. I've seen it. Your sarcasm has gotten better."

"Thank you." I practice a breath. The air whistles in my lungs. I try just moving my chest in and out. That's better.

"You're welcome." She reaches out for my hand under the table. I give it to her, squeezing her fingers gently. "I'm happy I'm here with you." The feeling sloshes through her, like a wave. It is good.

"I'm happy to be here with you." I blink for her.

"Earth-shatteringly happy?" Her smile appears again. I have seen it many times tonight. I never get tired of seeing it.

"Incandescently, earth-shatteringly happy."

Her fingers trace circles on the back my hand. "I love that word, incandescent."

"I like it very much, too." I let her voice and the feel of her skin absorb into me, wash the smell of the diner away.

The pie arrives, with the tower of white meringue several inches atop the yellow lemon gel. Very pleasing to the eye.

"It's almost too pretty to eat," she sighs, picking up her fork. She's finished her soda and had some of my water so it looks like I drank it. The waitress gave us two forks, so I pick one up.

"What are you doing?"

"Being human." The plate moves out of the reach of my fork. Her fingers latch onto it as if holding on for dear life.

"Sorry, but your humaness doesn't extend to having my pie." I pull my fork back.

"Would you share it with me. If I could have it?"

"I've given you my blood haven't I?" She points her fork at me. As if she's going to stab me with it. I know better than to get between Ava and pie.

"Yes."

"My blood is almost as valuable as this pie." She sticks her fork into the very edge of the pie, scooping out a large bite. She brings it to her mouth and rolls her eyes back in ecstasy.

"Is it good?" Nodding, she swallows and takes another bite.

"Heaven. Absolute heaven." I watch her finish the rest of the slice, even scraping the plate to get the last bit of lemon. She licks her fork and puts it down on the plate next to my unused one. Considering for a moment, she folds up her napkin.

"Come here." She sits up, leaning over the table. I do the same and she meets my lips. I can taste the pie on her breath. The sharp tang of the lemon with the sweet coolness of the meringue.

"There," she says when our lips part. "Now you've had a taste." Her smile is nearly as sweet as the pie.

Ava

It was the human thing to do. And it felt good. Kissing Peter had always felt good, right. But I'm aware that the kiss could have been our last. I pull back as fast as I can an wait for something bad to happen. Seconds pass.

He licks his lips after our kiss.

"Very good," he says. Disaster averted, second of the night. It was probably good I didn't tell him how scared I was about going into the diner. But it wasn't bad. The blood kind of mingled with the other smells, creating a delicious aroma that made me want to eat the air.

The kissing was another matter. It was arrogant of me to think that just one kiss could make him instantly fall in love with me. It hadn't happened yet. And if I couldn't kiss him on this one night, then what was the point? Humans didn't have these problems. And tonight, we were human. Tomorrow we would be a girl and an angel vampire. But not tonight.

I end up paying the bill because Peter doesn't have any money. It's also not really fair for him to pay when I'm the one who consumed both the Sprite and the pie. I offer, once again, to sell some of his things on eBay. He asks me if it's a human thing. I say yes, although, it would be impossible to tell. I'm sure there are many a noctali selling their priceless antiques online. He reluctantly agrees.

At least that's one thing we've settled. I have hope for other things, too. And more kissing.

I hold Peter's hand again as we drive to the beach. Part of me wants to go to the cemetery, but that wouldn't have been part of human night. People didn't do things like that unless they were really weird or stoned or something. I was the former.

The town beach doesn't open for a few more weeks, so there are no other cars parked outside the closed gate. Peter lifts me up and over as if I'm nothing more than a bag of feathers.

"That wasn't human, but thanks anyway," I say as he vaults over the gate himself.

He glances backward. "Should I do it over?" I laugh.

"No, it's fine. I'll overlook it." I twist my fingers in his, swinging our hands. He resists at first.

"This is human. Go with it." He does and I have this image of us skipping. It's not a very masculine image, but it's kinda funny.

When we get to the edge of the beach I tell him we have to take our shoes off, even though the sand is cold.

"It's the human thing to do." We stack our shoes on top of a trash can so we can find them on our way back. The sand worms its way between my toes in the moonlight. Dried seaweed scrapes against the soles of my feet, but I've walked barefoot on this beach so many times, my feet are no longer sensitive to the rocks and broken shells. Of course none of this bothers Peter. He strides right into the water. I roll my pants up just in case.

"You know there are people who swim in the ocean in the middle of the winter."

"Isn't that dangerous?" He stands still. The current tugging at him has no chance against an immortal.

"Probably. They do it to raise money for charity. They bring hot tubs and stuff so they can jump right in." I pull my arms around myself, wishing I'd thought to bring a blanket or extra sweatshirt. Peter throws his jacket at me. I put it on. It's already absorbed some of his smell. Oh, heaven.

"Do you want to do it?" He sounds serious.

I back away from an oncoming wave, barely avoiding getting my feet soaked. "Uh, no. That's a crazy human thing to do."

"I see." I wasn't sure he did, but I let it go. "The moonlight is so beautiful on your hair." And then he says something like that.

"I love you." The words have a mind of their own. I am powerless to stop them, as if he's cast me under a spell. Most of the time I think he has. I shouldn't have said it.

He looks at me over his shoulder. "I adore you."

It was hard for me to imagine he could say all those things he felt and have it not turn into love. Part of me wondered if there was a switch that he shut off. He would walk close to the edge and lean over, but never take that final leap.

I had this theory that it was a strange form of self-preservation. Except love was this thing that you couldn't plan, couldn't stop. It just happened. So I wasn't absolutely sure. What I was sure about was that I didn't want him to love me until we had broken the bind. It wasn't safe until then.

"I love that you adore me," I whisper. I felt the need to tell him it was okay if he couldn't love me. Adoring me would have been enough. So would cherishing me. Such a little word, love. Only four letters. When re-arranged could also spell vole. Nothing threatening about voles. There's lots that's threatening about love.

"It is getting late," Peter says when we've walked the length of the beach twice. I'm cold, but I've got Peter's jacket plus my own, so I'll live.

"I know. You said you'd have me back by 9:00. Nice job with that, by the way. Getting me in early is a good way to earn brownie points with my dad." I bump him with my shoulder.

"I thought it would stand me in good stead." We walk with our shoulders touching. I'd like to get closer, but I don't want to be too greedy.

"Well, I'm sure by the time you take me back, Mom will have talked him into being more in love with you than I am."

"I do not adore your father." This induces a laugh from me that shatters the calm of the night.

"I should hope not. By the way, that brings up an interesting question I've been thinking about. Are there any g*y noctali?" I'd never thought to ask before now.

"When we meet someone we are attracted to, gender is not so important. When you do not have to reproduce, something like that does not matter." Well, what do you know about that?

"Have you ever..." I really hope he can fill in the blanks.

"No. You are the only person, noctalis or human, that I have ever wanted to be with in this existence."

"I guess that's good to know." I think about that for a moment. I guess when you take making babies out of the equation, being g*y or bisexual isn't so much of a big deal. Interesting. I wonder if noctali are as liberal with all their views.

"Not that I wouldn't be okay with it, if you had been with someone else." I might have been weirded out if he was with a guy, but if I love him, I have to love all of him, so I'd get over it. That doesn't mean I'm not relieved that I don't have to.

"There has never been anyone but you." My heart is melty-melty. I pull his arm over my shoulder and hug him around the waist.

"There never will be anyone but you," I say.

I'd thought, that when we he first Claimed me that he would simply pop up in my life every few weeks for his blood donation and then he'd be on his way. Just an inconvenience, like going to the DMV or getting a flu shot.

I'd have to tell whoever I ended up being with about it and that would be awkward, but we'd get through it. I'd seen it all stretched out in front of me. This strange man that would visit me every two weeks like some kind of ghost. I'd have to live in an old house full of cobwebs and such. It would be all gothic and dark. Perhaps I'd write Poe or Dickinson-esque poetry.

Now I couldn't see that life where he was just there every now and then. Even if we broke the Claim, or I turned into a noctalis, I'd still want him as much as I do now. That, at least, I was sure of.

He kisses my forehead and I revel in the smooth brush of his skin.

"We should get you home."

"I suppose." He keeps his arm around me all the way to the the car and it strikes me that to anyone, we'd look like a normal young couple. A human couple.

"Good job, Mr. Human," I say when were almost back to my house.

"Thank you. I tried my best."

"What you're forgetting about is that I like the things that make you not human. I love all of you. Including the noctalis parts." I stop and gaze up at him.

"I adore all of you. Especially the human parts." That's it. I'm complete mush. I end up gazing adoringly at him all the way home. It's sick, really.

"When are you going to take the car back?"

"Viktor will drive it for me so I will not have to leave you."

"Be sure you take the Prius back. Maybe he should leave them some money or something."

"No need. They will not notice the few extra miles." I sigh, giving up.

"Come on, let's see how Dad's tune has changed." I lock my fingers with his. We're walking into the house together, whether Dad likes it or not. I push the door open, listening.

"We're back." I have to fight the eerie tone from creeping into my voice. I haul Peter in behind me. He comes willingly, though.

"Did you have fun?" Mom's voice calls out. I hear a movie. Some romantic comedy. Mom's choice, I'd wager.

"Of course we did, there was pie. Pie solves everything," I add to Peter.

"Everything?" He hasn't learned how to raise one eyebrow yet, but when he does it's going to be pretty awesome. Not that he isn't already.

"Almost everything." I'm thinking about the binding promise. I don't think pie would be much help in that situation. This time I tow Peter behind me.

Dad looks at his watch.

"You're early."

"By four minutes," I say, beaming him a smile. He scowls for a second, but Mom pokes him and he nods his approval.

"Well, goodnight Peter." Dad looks stunned when I say it so quickly. The thing that makes me want to laugh is that he'll be waiting up in my bedroom for me as soon as he goes out the door.

"Goodnight, Ava." He takes the hand I'm holding and brings it to his lips, bowing over it to give me a kiss on my knuckles. My lips are totally jealous, but they'll get paid later. As far as I'm concerned, human night goes until the clock strikes twelve.

I do hate letting go of Peter's hand, but it has to be done. Before he goes, he pulls me to him for a kiss on my cheek.

"Fight it." Before he lets go of my hands, I get one good breath in. Then the contact is gone. He tips the fedora at me and closes the door. I start for the stairs, but Dad's voice interrupts me.

"What does he drive, anyway?"

"A Prius. He's very into the environment." Hell, he'd been camping in a cemetery when I first met him. That counted. I have to let out the air I'd been conserving to talk, and my knees were buckling. I had to go. Now.

"I'm going to take a shower," I say, stumbling up the stairs. I throw myself at the window, shoving it up and gasping big lungfuls of cool air. Peter had told me to fight it, but how did you fight something like that? Was that what he had gone through? Was that what he went through?

Dear god, I'd never thought of that.

I stop at the top of the steps, realizing that I couldn't rely on him to save me. I had to save myself. And then I could save him. I was no good like this. To anyone. I turn around, purposely inhaling the air that floated up the stairs. It was diluted, but still strong.

I really couldn't put my finger on just what it was that made it so good. All I knew was that I wanted it. So much. But Peter told me to fight. So that's what I was going to do.

I was the reckless girl who had gone back to the cemetery, even after almost being killed. I was the girl who had danced with him that night. I was the girl who had let a noctalis have my blood.

Reckless. No reward without risk. Go big or go home. I said the phrases over and over as I stood at the top of the stairs. My plan was to dash downstairs, say goodnight and dash back up. It wasn't a terrible plan. Even though the pie was long gone and I was starving. In more ways than one.

I counted down, crouching like a distance runner. I finally get to one, and dash down the stairs.

"Goodnight!" I call to the living room.

"Goodnight, baby." Mom turns and blows me a kiss, frowning a little. Wondering what's up with me. "I'm fine," I mouth back. She nods. Dad turns and it takes hours for him to say, "Goodnight Ava-Claire Bear," and give me a partial smile. I breathe in, taking in the scent and acknowledging that yes, it's delicious, and yes, I want it, and no, I can't have it.

I get out with just one vision of smashing my father's head against the coffee table.

Peter's perched on my bed with the fedora cocked over one eye when I slam the door shut.

"Very nice," I say, pushing my back up against the door. I'm still panting from the run back up the stairs. Thankfully, my room smells like Peter.

"I thought you would like it. You did well."

"Thanks," I say, walking toward him. I'm not trying to be sexy, but I can't stop thinking about how the jeans hug him, how his eyes look at me from under the hat.

And I realize that I want to kiss him. I really want to kiss him. I want to lay on top of him and roll around and have him put his hands in my hair and on my skin and...

"I'm going to take a shower." Probably a cold one. Where the hell did that come from?

"I will be waiting." Peter doesn't seem to notice how I scurry out of the room after gathering some clothes. Or he's too polite to mortify me further by mentioning it.

The bathroom door closes behind me and I lock it. There won't be any conversation around the door tonight. I need some space. He must sense that, which is both nice and awful at the same time.

Get a grip, Ava.

I go from wanting my Dad's blood one second, to wanting Peter the next. It's like I have this intense need, and it transfers to whatever is right in front of me at the time. I close my eyes and dip my head under the water. Trying to wash my brain out.

It wasn't like I hadn't had thoughts like that about Peter before. How could I not? But this was different. The wanting was different. It had turned from something that flitted through my mind, gentle as a butterfly to something that took over. I could see myself going to him, putting my hands in his shirt. Taking it off. Burning his skin with kisses. And other things. I could see myself doing it.

Yet another problem to add to the list of things that had changed since the Claiming. Only this was one that didn't suck so much. Wanting Peter was...

It was like stepping outside during the first summer rain with bare feet. It was like spinning around in circles, arms out, in the middle of a field of wildflowers. But I had to control it. Just like everything else.

Chapter Twenty

Peter

As she watched me, something strong and hot and thick oozes through her. Desire. She imagines walking over to me, pressing her body against mine, kissing my lips until she can't breathe. And more.

Her own desire magnifies mine and it is all I can do not to break the bathroom door and pull her from the shower. The water turns on and I listen to it caress her skin. This want of hers is startling in its intensity. I have felt little drips of it before, especially when I say certain things to her. Definitely in the car that time when she leaped on me. But this is something different.

Strong, consuming. Like fire.

And I wanted her, too. I get up and change my clothes into the pajamas she'd bought for me, leaving the others folded on top of my trunk. I keep the hat on my head.

She starts to sing, to distract herself. Something by Taylor Swift. I listen, watching as the images of the two of us together flow through her mind.

The shower goes off and I can hear her getting dressed. She's still humming, only this time it's just random notes. She is doing whatever she can not to think about her desire. It still simmers under the surface. Always.

When she comes out, surrounded by steam, I have to stay still so I do no seize her. Her clean wet skin calls to me. I want to taste it, cherish it. Her hair tumbles in wet ropes all over her shoulders.

Timidly, she looks at me. I get up, moving as slow as I can. She takes her bottom lip between her teeth, and her cheeks flush with excitement. It surges within her. It surges within me.

I stand in font of her. "Peter?"

"Yes?" I wait for her to say something. She changes her mind, closing her lips over the words she intended to say. But I hear them anyway.

"That hat looks really good on you." Her eyes drop to look at the floor. I take the hat off my head, placing it on hers.

"It looks better on you." That elicits a smile that is gone as soon as it appears. I put my finger under her chin, tipping her head up.

"What are you thinking about?"

"You," she whispers.

"What about me?" I want to hear her say it out loud.

She takes a breath and speaks in a rush. "Well, I had this crazy thought that I wanted to be with you, you know. Like physically. Completely. And then I thought that I'd just go for it, before I could talk myself out of it. Because I want to, and I have wanted to for a long time and I thought that it would work, even if you couldn't feel the same and I thought that I'd just go for it. But it was a bad idea, because you can't feel the same and it would all be on my side. And I don't even know if I can be with you like that, like humans. And maybe you wouldn't want to and then I'd feel like a moron because I'd just be throwing myself at you, and -"

I stop the waterfall of words by putting my lips against hers. She steps toward me again, but doesn't put her arms on me.

"What was that for?"

"You were talking so much." Her eyes narrow and I feel a bolt of anger.

"So every time I'm chattering, you are just going to kiss me to shut me up?" Her anger flares like a bright light.

"That was not my intention."

"Then what was your intention?" Her eyes narrow a fraction. I will have to pick the right words.

"You seemed distressed about something that you needed not to worry about, so I decided to allay your anxiety." Her anger dissipates a little. She tugs her hand through her wet hair in frustration before stepping away from me.

"So you'd want to be with me? Like that? You can be with me like that?"

"Yes." Yes, yes, yes. A million times yes. I may not have a beating heart, but my parts do still function. It never seemed important to share with her, because I did not think she would want to be with me like that. Now things are different.

Her blush is sweet as she peers up at me from under the brim of the hat. "You don't have to say that just to make me feel better."

"I am not." I would never say that to her. I've told her I'd never lie to her. I have not always been able to be truthful, but I could never lie about this.

"But we should have talked about it before I threw myself at you. I should have been more mature about it instead of just going with my feelings."

Water drips from the ends of her hair, making wet patches on the floor.

"But your feelings are natural. You should trust them."

The happiness drops from her face like a curtain. "Not all of them."

"Yes. But they are a part of me. A part that I have learned to live with. I also have the instinct to fly and to lie in the sun and to kiss you. But I do not act on them all the time. As long as I give in sometimes, I have satisfied the urge."

"So that's how you control it? Giving in every now and then so you don't explode with the wanting." I take a step away from her.

"Precisely."

"So you're saying we should give in, just a little?" She tilts her head to the side and twists one foot, shy. Wary.

"If you want." I will never do anything she wouldn't want to do. I do that enough already with the Claiming. I feel her want nearly more than I feel my own. The two desires intertwine and dance around each other, twisting and twining.

"I don't know." Her desire has shifted into something else. It is a feeling I get from her quite frequently that is similar in feel to hesitancy or embarrassment. I do not have a word for it, but I don't like when Ava feels that way.

"What are you thinking?"

"Why do you always want to know?" Her smile is reluctant.

"Because I want to understand you."

Twisting the towel in her hands, she says, "I'm thinking that even if we were to be together, that it wouldn't be as good as it could be. Because you're missing out on something. It makes me so unhappy thinking about it." Her anxiety knifes me, and I seize her face.

"I do not want you to be unhappy."

"Then fix it." Her eyes reach into mine, begging, searching for a solution.

"Cal will find away. Only five days left."

Her eyes sear into mine. "What if there is no other way? What if you waste time looking for something that isn't there?" She grasps my hands, fingers clutching, digging.

"Then we will find someone else." Frustration finally seeps through her skin.

"And then someone else, and someone else. Where will it end? You won't give me a timeline. That's not fair, Peter and you know it." I don't know what to say to her. She's right.

"Never mind," she says, waving her hands. "We'll just have to agree to disagree tonight. I don't want to go to bed fighting."

"We're not fighting." I cannot exactly remember that we have ever fought. We have had disagreements. But many of those were resolved.

"You're doing that thing again, but I'm going to let it go because my back is wet and I need to detangle my hair and I have to go to school tomorrow."

"I will do it," I say, running my fingers across her cheek. She takes off the hat and puts it back on my head.

"Thanks." She turns her back and hands me a brush.

Ava

Waiting for Saturday night is complete an total torture. I'd take the Spanish Tickler over doing that ever again. I try to fill my time with homework and staring at Peter and emailing Aj massive email sagas about anything and everything that I can tell her and hearing about her new boyfriend and thinking about kissing Peter and trying to get whatever crazy plan he had cooked up out of him with no such luck.

And Peter. And Peter. And Peter. I wasn't mad at him anymore.

I'm so focused on the waiting that my blood want is not foremost in my mind. It's true, what Peter said. You can fight it. And I do.

Finally, Saturday comes. Jamie has one of his last track meets of the season, so Tex and I go to support him. Both of us nearly fall over when we spot his mother, his father and a baby-bumped Cassie. She's just barely starting to show.

Tex and I share a look before we all go over and say hello. Mrs. Barton gives us hugs, saying how much she's missed us. I missed her, too. It's easy to adore Jamie's mom. When we used to go to his his house after school, she'd make us s'mores bars and pink lemonade. She was the kind of mom who let us blow things up in the backyard and didn't ask questions. That was when things were good. Before his dad started drinking and Cassie started getting into trouble. Before his family fell apart.

Somehow, it looked like it was coming back together.

Despite the anticipation for the coming night, I'm filled with light and happiness. A bright moment in my sometimes dark existence.

The thing that makes it the best is that Peter is there, standing behind me. I told him there was no way I was going into a crush of sweaty people without him as my personal talisman. So he came. I definitely got some weird looks from a few of the girls in my class who were on the team. He even gets the once and sometimes the twice-over. Taylor Abbot looks like her eyes are going to fall out of her head. Ha.

I twine my arms with his, showing them that he's with me. Hands off, ladies.

Mine.

When the meet is over, Jamie comes to give me a slightly sweaty hug, twirling me around before noticing Peter.

"Hey man, it's good to see you again. I'd shake your hand, but I'm pretty gross right now." Actually, he smells intoxicating. Peter moves closer to me and puts a hand on my back. To anyone else, it would look possessive. But really, he's keeping me from sinking my teeth into Jamie's skin.

"It is good to see you as well."

"Hey, why don't we all go out for pizza? I'm starved. Cassie's going to come." He waves at her and she waves back, one hand on her stomach. I've never seen her look so happy. She's practically glowing.

"I don't know, Peter and I had plans..." I trail off, hoping he'll fill in the blanks for me.

"We can break them."

"Are you sure?" Is he sure?

"Yes," he says and blinks. Okay then.

Tex comes too, and we actually have a fantastic time. There's an awkward moment where Peter has to explain his lactose intolerance as the reason for not eating, but everyone accepts it and moves on. It's been ages since I talked to Cassie. She's bubbly like I haven't seen her in years, gushing about the baby and all her plans.

After we're all stuffed with pizza (except for Peter), I drive Tex home, Peter hanging out in the backseat. It's awkward, but at least I can see him in the rearview. Which actually makes it hard to focus on the road. Somehow I get us all there in once piece.

Tex is busy fiddling with something in her purse when I pull into her driveway.

"Shit," she says, yanking her hand out of her purse as if it's on fire. Before I can say anything, a smell that overpowers everything else slaps me in the face.

Blood. Fresh, red and oh-so-delicious. No, wait! Not delicious. Yucky, gross...

Distantly, I watch Tex hold her hand up, examining the bead of scarlet on her fingertip.

"Stupid needles. They never stay on that little card..." Before I have the chance to wonder what Tex is doing with needles hanging out in her purse, my vision blurs and narrows to one point. That little, itty, bitty drop of blood. I want it.

I don't think. I just act. My hands, of their own accord, snap out like whips and wrap themselves around Tex's wrist. Slowly, closing my eyes and trying to be calm, I bring her finger to my lips. I register some resistance, but I will not be deterred from my goal. I shove her finger in my mouth. And...

Nothing. I spit it out and she yanks it back.

"What the hell, Ava? What is wrong with you? Ugh." She wipes my spit off on her skirt.

"I'm so sorry." My voice comes out so quiet, it's like I have no air behind the words. They shiver through the car, and I don't think Tex hears me.

"What is wrong with you?" She repeats. Her voice is quieter too. It's colored by disbelief. I stare at the shifter because I seriously cannot look at her. See the her face as she looks at me. As she realizes what I've done. As I realize what I've done. And then I want to get of of the car. Because I can'tbreathecan'tthinkcan'tcan'tcan't.

"Ava? Do you hear me?" Her voice seems so far away. As if she's talking through a tube that's been blocked. My vision continues to swirl and my head seems to float away from my neck like a balloon on a string. Just before it happens, I realize I'm going to faint. I have just enough time to watch the steering wheel smash into my face as I meet it halfway.

Chapter Twenty-One

Peter

I pull the door off the car and discard it before catching her face before it hits the steering wheel.

"Holy shit!" Texas screams, jumping back into the passenger door. I have no time for her.

"Ava?" I pull her face toward me. Her eyes are closed. "Ava. You need to wake up." I shake her gently, and her head bobbles loosely. I know you are supposed to slap a fainted person, but I am afraid to do her damage. I pull her from the car, laying her on the driveway.

"Ava?" Her eyes flutter a few times. She's coming back.

"Peter? What happened?"

"You fainted, Ava-Claire."

"I, what?" She puts her hand to her head. I feel her disorientation, thick and sticky. Her eyes search mine, her forehead puckers. I try to brush it away with my thumb.

"Peter?"

"Yes, Ava?"

"I did something bad." The worry gnaws at her, bites at the edges of her mind. I feel it as well. She need not worry. I brush my fingers on her cheeks. Such a precious thing she is.

"You could never do anything bad, my Ava." Her face smooths like a piece of silk, but the worry doesn't go away from her mind.

"You've never called me that."

"Not out loud." Her skin starts to warm mine. My desires collide with each other. I want her lips as much as I want her blood. I am not sure which will win.

"Ava?" Texas crawls out of the car.

"Tex." Ava closes her eyes and breathes her name like she wished she could take it back.

"Are you okay?" Tex hovers, as if she wants to make sure Ava is okay, but also scared of what occurred.

"No. I'm not."

She nods. "Yeah. I know. I think we should talk." Her hands twist together, as if she's coiling and uncoiling a rope. Ava stares at me. I can feel it from her. She doesn't want to. But I know we have to.

My thumb traces her mouth. "You need to share this with someone. Someone human. Because I am not."

She tries to shake her head. "I don't care."

"I know. But you need her. Now more than ever. Don't burn your bridges, Ava-Claire."

"That's what she'd say." She means her mother. I know. I take my hands from her face and help her to sit up.

"I really don't want to do this." My back blocks her face from Texas' view.

"I know." She closes her eyes and pulls in a shaky breath. Such a simple thing, breathing. It seems to calm them. Noctali are naturally calm, but ever since I'd Claimed her, I had experienced turmoil without a way of assuaging it. I tried to take a breath into my lungs. The dry air rattles.

"That was gross," Ava says, sounding more like herself. "It sounded like a rattlesnake." She makes a face as I help her to her feet. Her legs wobble like a newborn calf, so I hold her elbows to make sure she doesn't fall.

Tex sighs. "Let's go in and sit down. Looks like I'm going to have to get ready not to freak out."

"You did okay the last time," Ava points out.

"True." She rubs her arms and pulls her skirt down. A nervous habit.

"Come on kids, I'll get some cookies and milk." Tex walks us to the front door, using her key to get inside. The house is clean and square and very human.

There are books, but none of them look like they've been read. You can tell when a book has been loved. The pages show crinkles and folds where a thumb has pressed against them. The covers have stains. A residue of human oils sticks to them where they've been held with living hands. None of these books have that.

Texas escorts us into a kitchen filled with white and stainless steel. It doesn't look as if it's been eaten in. The overwhelming scent is artificial lemon cleaner.

"Water. Shouldn't you have some water?" Texas asks Ava.

"Yeah, sure." I put Ava into a stool, standing behind her so she doesn't fall off. She holds onto me as if she's never going to let go.

Ava

So here we are again. Different time, different location, but the same deal. Explaining the mistakes I'd made, yet again.

"So you're a vampire now?"

"No," I say for the third time. She doesn't seem to understand that while, yes, I do think blood smells really freaking good, once I put it in my mouth, it's not so much. I know that taste is tied to scent, and that if you can't smell, you can't taste, but that doesn't seem to apply in this case. It's like the second the blood hits the air, it starts getting not so yummy.

Oh, who am I kidding? I've been living with this for a few weeks now and it hasn't gotten better. It's gotten worse. What worries me the most is that day when blood will taste good. Then things are going to get dicey.

"But you want blood."

I squirm on the stool. "Uh, yeah."

"So what is it that makes a vampire?"

I throw up my hands. "I don't know Tex, there isn't a manual with a specific definition."

Peter senses my frustration. "We are in the dark on this, Texas."

"I've told you, it's Tex." She holds up her hand as if to get her point across. She's still being weird to him. That doesn't make me very happy. I want her to be nice to him because he's my boyfriend.

God, this is complicated.

"So what happens now?" Tex says. I'd asked Peter the exact same thing when he Claimed me.

I shrug. Peter blinks. I should probably explain that gesture to her. Eh, she's a smart girl, she'll figure it out.

"What is that blinking thing?" Maybe not.

"It's kind of like a shrug. Sometimes. Other times it's a yes. Sometimes it's an eh." Peter looks at me. "What? I pay attention. It can mean about a thousand different things. I just figured out what some of them are."

"You are correct."

"Am I?" I'd never asked him about it. Seemed like something I'd be able to put together on my own.

Tex brings us back to the matter at hand. "Okay then. So you want blood, and you can't control yourself. Clearly. And apparently I have nice-smelling blood. And you're my best friend. This. Is a problem." I'd go so far as to say crisis.

"It is time to see Cal."

Tex pipes up. "Who's Cal?" Probably hoping for another attractive brother.

"You explain," I say, leaning back into Peter's chest. I'm so very tired. And Tex's blood fills the room. Even though it still smells like lemon cleaner. The blood's there, too. It's always there. And it will be until Peter faces facts and turns me. But what will it be like then? Will it be worse? Somehow I think I know the answer to that question.

Peter gives her an even more abbreviated version than I got. It pisses me off when he keeps secrets, but he's never kept anything that I really needed to know. For the most part.

"So you really think he can help her?" Tex is doing her job being the skeptical best friend.

"He agreed to it. He has helped me before."

"Oh, I bet there are some good stories there." Tex leans on the counter and raises her eyebrows suggestively. Luckily, Peter is immune to that kind of thing.

"More or less." Oh snap, Tex gets the more-or-less line. "Cal was the one who helped me stop killing."

"How?"

He blinks. This time it stands in for a heavy sigh. "It is a long story."

Tex looks at the clock. "My parents won't be home for at least two hours. But if we're telling a juicy story, I think I need some coffee. And chips. I need chips."

Tex shoos us into the living room. I wait until she's out of earshot before I hiss at Peter, "so? Are you going to fill me in?"

"In a moment." He's stalling. I can't imagine why.

"Peter," I say, sitting down on the couch and pulling him with me, "nothing you could have done would bother me. Nothing."

"I wish that were true." No, no, no. This is Dark Peter. I don't like him. He takes Smiling Peter and puts him away for a while.

"I love you. Nothing changes that." I grab his face, hard. My fingers want to melt against his skin. My lips crave his, but I resist. I need him to understand. He doesn't say anything.

Instead, he takes me into his chest and my arms go all the way around him. The muscles in his back are so lovely. They remind me of a study on the male form. Not that I'm partial or anything. But when it comes to backs, Peter's is the best.

"Okay, let's hear it," Tex says, setting down the tray.

"It was a long time ago." This sounds very much like, "once upon a time..."

Chapter Twenty-Two

Peter

The Carpathia, the ship that picked up survivors from the sinking, I'd boarded as only part human. Di had covered me with a tarp and an old coat to keep the sun off me. I was so pale, it was easy to convince the other passengers that I was ill.

I'd emerged from the haze of pain and bone-crushing transformation the day we reached New York. She took me to an alley while she went and found someone for me. A drunk, wallowing in the gutter. He didn't even open his eyes when I slashed his throat apart and lapped the blood from his wounds.

She brought me another. And another until there was a pile of bodies and we had to move on. Di stayed with me and I clung to her for a week. I had nothing else to hold onto. She took me to places where I could lie naked in the sun. Those days I needed as much as I could get or else I had trouble moving. My body was still adjusting to the change. Di rarely left my side, always stroking my face and calling me dear and saying she loved me. I barely heard any of it. I did almost nothing but feed and soak in sun.

Two weeks later she brought me a street urchin. Up until then, she had brought me adults. Mostly male, mostly drunks she had fished from the street. People who didn't have a life to begin with. Who wouldn't be missed.

But then she brought a little boy with a filthy face and sooty hands, perhaps from coal dust from one of the factories. His nose ran clear liquid that he didn't bother to wipe. The boy couldn't have been more than eight or nine, and he looked at Di as if she was an angel. She smiled at him and shoved him toward me. The boy looked scared for a moment and that was it. A memory came back to me. Of my sisters, being put in the lifeboat. Saying goodbye to my mother. I pushed him away, letting my wings rip from my back. The boy fell to the ground.

"Are you an angel?" He gazed up at me with an open face and clear blue eyes. I took one more look at him, but didn't answer.

I left Di then. Turned and walked away. She did not follow me as I expected her to.

Cal found me three days later, lying in a river in upstate New York, trying to drown myself.

"That is entirely useless, you know." I opened my eyes to look at him through the water that made his form slide and shimmer. As if he wasn't real.

"Who are you?"

"You can call me Cal." He lay down in the river beside me. I could feel the water, but I didn't know if it was cold or not. I couldn't remember cold.

"You can't die, you know." Di had explained to me what I was. That I would live forever. But this wasn't living. This was an existence. And I didn't want it.

"I know."

"What is your name?"

"Peter."

"Nice to meet you." He was cordial, at least. "How long has it been?"

"How long has what been?"

"Since you consumed human blood."

"I don't know." I had lost track of days. Lost track of sun and moon and sky.

Lost, lost, lost.

"You look healthy enough. But I know a place, if you would like to come with me."

I met his eyes, one a bright blue that was almost the color of the sky, the other a rich brown like fresh earth. "I want to die."

"You already have."

"I want to die again."

"You can't." He stood up, water dripping from the back of his perfectly-tailored suit. Someone I knew wore suits like that. My father. Yes, my father wore suits like that.

I stood up and went with him. I had no other place to go.

While we walked, he talked. He told me of the weather and the history of the area. Nothing about himself. Nothing about why he was here. Why he had found me. Why he was being nice to me.

It didn't concern me enough to ask.

I wasn't aware that I should ask. My existence had narrowed to two things.

My need for blood and sun.

I'd lost everything else in the transition. Cal reminded me how to talk again. How to form words with my mouth and carry on a conversation. We walked for miles upon miles, never seeing a human. I started talking. The words were large and hard to hold onto at first. My mouth had forgotten how to be used for anything other than a weapon.

Slowly, Cal brought me back to myself. Not my human self, but he helped me find pieces and start to put myself together. It was not easy, crafting this new person. In some ways I was a newborn, able to walk and talk, but unable to discern what things were. He showed me the world again.

Cal taught me about balance. About not interfering with humans. To take the ones society would not miss.

Di was never far from my thoughts. Her face was the only constant thing in my mind. I clung to the image of her as if it would float away and I would be lost. As much as I said I wanted to die, the actual thought of it did scare me. Perhaps not scared. I wasn't scared of anything anymore.

It was more that I would continue on in this existence as a thing. A thing that didn't do anything but exist. If was going to live, I wanted it to mean something. Even then, I thought there must have been a purpose to what happened to me. A reason for me to become what I was. A higher plan. We had always gone to church, and I had prayed every night before I went to bed.

The memories were thin, transparent things that slid from my grasp as I tried to catch hold of them. Cal told me not to worry. That they would return in time.

Time passed and Cal and I made our way from New York to Canada and back down into Minnesota. We spent our days in the sun and our nights hunting. I grew better at it, grew to love the trill of chasing, catching, feeding. My whole existence centered on that. I didn't worry about killing.

I never took a child. Only adults. Mostly men who waiting in dark alleys for girls to come buy. Or people who lived alone.

Weeks passed. I thought about Di so much that it nearly drove me mad. I never mentioned her to Cal. We never talked about things like that. I didn't meet any other noctali.

It wasn't until we met up with Di in California that I started to think something was not right. She expressed her surprise at seeing me again and was delighted with Cal. She showed no concern that we hadn't seen one another in a while. She reminded me that she loved me. I told her that I loved her back. I did. Of that one thing, I was certain. It was not a passionate love, or a romantic love. It simply was and would always be.

I started to wonder if that was it. If that would be my existence. Sun, blood and killing. Forever. One night while Di and Cal were finishing off some drifters from a railroad car, I watched from the shadows. I looked up at the sky, as if remembering it was there. My new vision made the stars so bright. One shot through the sky. A fallen star.

One of the men Di had taken moaned before she ripped his throat out. I glanced back at them. And walked away.

They let me go. At first I wondered if they would follow me. Call me to come back. But they didn't. I wandered back to New York. I found my family.

They were still in our brownstone. My mother looked thinner, but not haggard. She could never look haggard. Her face was hollow with grief. My sisters were sullen. All except little Lucy, who clutched her doll and smiled at each one of them in turn, hoping for a smile in return. There weren't many.

I put my palm to the glass, realizing that wasn't the only barrier that separated us. I could smell their blood, even though the cold windowpane. I tried to tell myself that I didn't want them, but I did.

I wanted the blood that pulsed in their skin. If given the chance, I would take them. In a cruel twist, their blood called to me more so than any I had smelled yet. It stared me in the face and I had to blink. And turn away.

I went back once or twice. Watched my mother give piano lessons, her delicate fingers dancing across the keys like little birds. Tucking my sisters into bed at night and singing them a lullaby. The sweet notes of her voice reached out to me. Pulled the memories out. I remembered more in those few visits than I had wandering around on my own. I needed them as a connection to my past. A connection to who I was, even if I wasn't that person anymore.

It was outside of the house that Viktor found me. We recognized one another, even though we had never met. My mother would have said we were kindred spirits. I thought it was simply that we shared the same mother.

He asked if they were my family. I said yes. He said that they were lovely, and that he missed his own family. His words were few, but he shared with me how difficult it was when he went back to see his own family after he had changed.

"You cannot come back. You will hurt them."

"I know." I knew.

He took me away. Far away. We traveled everywhere, ending up in Paris. Then he met Adele and I was on my own again. I met my other brother, Ivan, but did not see Di or Cal. The longer I was on my own, the wilder I became.

Soon, I had no qualms about killing anyone. What did it matter? Anyone who I killed had a family. Someone who would miss them. As long as my own family was safe from me, nothing else mattered. That lasted until the night of the incident with Josephine. Cal found me that time too, trying to end my existence again.

He was different this time. He was gaunt. I could tell he had not fed in a very long time. I didn't ask how he found me or how he knew. I didn't ask questions then.

"Come with me." He took me to another river and had me lay down in it and close my eyes.

"Nothing you have done has any bearing on what you do now." He pushed my head below the water. It was several feet deep, but clear as air. I opened my eyes and watched his liquid form above me. It was just like the first time we had met, but not quite.

"There is another way," he said when I surfaced. The water had sloshed its way into my body. I opened my mouth and let it drain. "You do not have to kill."

"Show me." I did not want to kill anymore. I had lived for months not caring. I wanted to care. I was going to force myself to care.

So he brought me people who he had drugged with a simple sleeping agent. He taught me how to judge the heartbeat, how to listen to the body tell me when I had taken enough. At first, I killed more often than not. But gradually, I learned until I was able to stop after taking very little blood. Then I struck out on my own and Cal started buying houses and fixing them up. I would stay with him sometimes, with Viktor sometimes, but mostly I was on my own. I saw Di every now and then.

Always, always, she reminded me of the bind. I still loved her, but I thought of her less. She was like a little bit of light, stuck in the back of my mind. Most of the time I could forget it was there, but sometimes it would wink at me and remind me of its presence. Always there.

I told them all of it. Ava held my hand then entire time. I felt her grip tighten at certain parts. Texas covered her mouth, as if she was about to scream, but she was silent. I waited for someone to say something. For a while, the only sound was the breath and blood of the humans.

"Shut. The. Front. Door."

Texas could always be counted on.

Ava

I had to be honest, what Peter said had shocked me. How could it not? It was different hearing about the things he had done from his own mouth. He'd always been so vague with me, simply trusting that he could say that he'd killed someone and that would be enough to get me to stay away. Obviously, that hadn't worked.

At least this time I knew he wasn't trying to shock me. Simply to show me another part of his life that I didn't know much about. How much more was there? I mean, I know that there were nearly a hundred years of him that I didn't know. That was a long time. A really long time. I knew he'd done a lot of reading, but there are a lot of hours in a day. For bloodsucking, apparently.

Tex looks horrified, but I don't think she's going to freak. I sincerely hope not.

"Thank you for telling me." I pull myself into him, because he won't move. He's doing that thing when he gets stiller-than-still, waiting for me to give him my reaction. I try my best not to let too much go through our connection. I know he felt a flare of shock. That's not something you can really hide. But I'm doing my best. It is what it is.

I'm not going to condemn him. He's good. Much better than I am. I was the one who had kept secrets and lied and hidden things. And neglected my friends. And made my mother sick. He'd stayed away from his family to protect them. He'd given them up to save them. There wasn't anything more noble than that.

"I did not want to share it with you," he says. There's a pause. I can feel it. "But I am glad I did." He doesn't smile, but I don't need that. I feel him. I feel his relief that I didn't run screaming. That I know some of the worst parts of him. He already knows a lot of my worst parts. It's only fair that he shares.

"So we go see Cal." I can't seem to get this version of Cal, Peter's version, to jive with the one I had met. But we need answers, and Peter believes Cal can get them. I had to trust him. Trust that he had a plan that I probably didn't know about. Just like last time.

"Just like that," I say, kissing his cheek. I don't know if I can do anything more intimate. Maybe later. We have a Cal to find.

"Hold up. I think I need a moment to process this." Tex holds up her hand.

"Maybe -" I start to say, but Tex holds her hand in front of his face.

"Shh, I'm processing." I shut my mouth. We all sit there and wait for the cogs and wheels to turn and click in her brain. It looks like it hurts. After what seems like forever she nods.

"Okay, got it."

"Got what?" I say.

"All that." She waves her hands in front of Peter. I think she means his story.

"Sooo..." I wait for her to elaborate.

"When do we leave?"

"We aren't going anywhere. The only reason I'm going is because I have to." That comes out wrong. I look at Peter. I don't want him thinking being Claimed is a burden. Ever. "That's not what I meant." He blinks once.

"I know." He leans forward to place a kiss on my forehead. The skin he touches with his lips tingles after the contact is broken.

"Hello? When are we leaving?"

"You're not going anywhere," I snap. What is up with her. We shouldn't have done this here. This was why I was worried about telling her things. Because she was one of those people who jumped into the pool with both feet. Only this time the pool was filled with creatures who could suck all of her blood out of her body without even blinking.

"Oh come on. Don't give me that. I'm totally going."

Just as it's about to get heated, there's a knock at the door.

"Viktor is here," Peter says.

"That's kind of creepy," Tex tells him as she prances to open the door, fluffing her hair before swinging it open and putting on her sexy face. Typical. Totally typical.

Without so much as a hello, he says, "Tex, you cannot go." Thank you, Viktor. Tex looks at him as if he's going to say, "just kidding," but he doesn't. It takes her a second to recover.

"Nice to see you too." She runs her hand through her hair. It's supposed to be alluring or something. We'd read that in a magazine once.

I'm not shocked that he's here. He seems to show up whenever he's needed. Like a superhero.

"You are not going."

"Oh come on. You'll protect me." She gives him that smile that's supposed to melt his heart. It would take a little bit more than that, Tex. Not that Viktor is cruel, but he's just a hard nut to crack.

"The answer is no," Viktor and I say at the same time. Looks like we have more in common than I thought.

"Why?" She asks Viktor.

"Because you don't willingly go onto the dragon's lair if you don't have to."

"But we're going to see a friend of a friend. What could be more harmless than a little visit?"

"You weren't there the last time." I fight the urge to rub my arms to get rid of the goosebumps that pop up when I remember it. "Sorry." I glance at Peter. I know I don't offend him, but I'm always worried that I'm going to offend him. You think I'd learn.

"You must stop saying you are sorry. Nothing you could say would ever offend me."

"I know that."

Tex makes a sound of impatience. "Once again, when are we leaving?"

"You're not going!" I stand up and storm out of the house. I can't deal with her anymore. We need to go, find Cal, get what we need and then we can figure out what's going to happen now.

I try to slam the front door behind me, but someone catches it. Peter. He closes it softly behind him. I don't know what Viktor's doing with Tex, but I need a breather. I'm still a little woozy from the fainting.

"She's impossible." I pace over to the car. The driver's side door is lying in the driveway where Peter tossed it. That's going to take some explaining. Or a lot of explaining.

I stand there and stare at the the door. It makes that side of my car look naked. Even the poor door has been ripped away from where it belonged. It's just one more thing that's broken, needing to be fixed. My knees fold like origami and I sink to the driveway.

"What am I going to do about my car? I can't drive it without a door." I gesture helplessly to the mutilated metal. That's when the tears start. I can't help it. I'm sitting there in Tex's driveway, crying about my stupid car door.

"Shh," Peter says, coming down to hold me. But I don't want him to hold me and tell me it's going to be okay. It's not.

"My car's broken and Tex is going to get her blood sucked out and I don't trust your creepy friend and I'm afraid you're going to be mean to me again." I'm crying and whining and can't stop myself. Peter sits with me in the driveway until I've gotten it all out of my system.

And then I'm pissed. Pissed at this whole situation and how complicated it is.

"Oh for the love of god, just let her come. If she gets her blood sucked out, that's her fault." I hear a little squee of delight behind me. I look over Peter's shoulder and see Tex doing a little victory dance while Viktor looks on. The expression on his face is so priceless that I laugh through my tears. I'm still crying, despite my change in attitude.

"But first, what the hell are we going to do about my car?"

"I think I can help with that," Viktor says.

****

So apparently, it's easy as pie re-attaching a car door. Viktor goes into mechanic mode, which I have never seen, but is different from his normal un-loquacious self. He tells me about the bolts and lining things up and all sorts of stuff I don't understand. He vanishes into the woods and is back mere minutes later with all the tools. He has Peter hold the door while he puts the new bolts on. Then he shuts it and opens it a few times. Well now.

"Wow," Tex says. She's been leaning on the car hood the whole time, her chin in her hands, a rapt expression on her face. Oh please. She's giddy that I caved and am letting her walk into a potential death trap. I'm so not happy about it, but I figure if Viktor comes, we'll have two noctali against one, and he can't hurt me, so the odds are in our favor. And I'm assuming Peter has a plan. I just wish he'd share it with me.

"Tex," I say, doing that thing she does to me, snapping my fingers in front of her face to get her attention. She just gives me a withering look and goes back to staring at Viktor, who is bending over to check all the bolts. Sweet Jesus.

"I love a man who knows his way around a car," she sighs. I really don't thinks he gets the gravity of this situation. Even after everything Peter said and she'd had her little 'process' time, she was back to her old boy-chasing self. Noctalis-chasing self, now. Viktor seems immune to her comments. Which is probably a good thing.

"So when are we going?" she says.

"Soon. I don't really know how this is going to work." I hadn't thought of the logistics. I mean, Peter can carry me when he flies, but what about Viktor and Tex?

"Like this." Without further ado, Viktor picks Tex up and slings her on his back. She squeals and wraps her legs around him, piggyback style. She blushes furiously as I stare at both of them.

"It is simple really."

"You can run like that?" It doesn't look very comfortable. She's basically like a human backpack. I know he's strong and all, but I really don't think that he can hold her like that.

"Yes." He seems confident.

"Try it," I say. I kind of want to see it.

"We will have to go someplace more private."

"There." Tex points from Viktor's back to the tiny clearing behind her house. It's surrounded by trees, and blocked from the view of the neighbors by her house and garage. He walks with her on his back at human speed back around the house.

Her hair mixes with his. The color is not that different, picking up bits of sunlight and glinting like gold. When I stand back and look at the situation with no bias, they are quite lovely together.

Tex has always been a pretty girl, but the confidence that shines from her makes her more than just pretty. Sometimes I'd wished I could bottle it and make it into a body spray to use on myself. She was the kind of girl who wore a tiny skirt every day and worked it. I could do the same thing, and I would look like a freak. As evident with the night I wore the gold dress.

I look at Peter and he takes my hand as we stroll to the backyard.

"I know he can help us. He has helped me before."

"You were the one who helped you. He just gave you a nudge in the right direction. I just don't trust him. And I know you're up to something, even though you won't tell me what it is."

"Can we agree to disagree?" I look up at him, the sun streaming down upon him like it was meant to. Like the sun was made just for his illumination. I push his stubborn hair from his eyes so I could see them. I knew if I asked him to cut it, he would. If he weren't so damn beautiful, he wouldn't get away with half this crap.

"Sure."

By the time we make it to the clearing, Viktor's doing laps with Tex, her delighted shrieks filling the air. Her hair streams out behind her like a slip of gold silk. Guess he can run with her.

Viktor puts the brakes on about two feet in front of me, kicking up a cloud of dust. Tex has her face buried in his shoulder. Viktor has a lot of shoulder available.

"Guess you can. How you holding up, Tex?"

"That," she says, picking her head up and looking at me with sparkling eyes, "was amazing." She doesn't seem to want to let go.

"How are your arms?"

"Fine."

"If you get tired, let me know. I can carry you in front." With that he reaches back, takes her arms and does some sort of acrobatic move from Cirque de Soleil and suddenly she's tucked in his arms.

"Wow," she breathes out again. Seriously, wow. Those Russians know what's up.

"So we need to talk logistics," I say, interrupting Tex's adoring gaze. Viktor's looking at her, too, but I can't read his face yet. Those noctali are so hard to read.

"I will fly with you and Viktor will follow with Texas."

"It's Tex," she says automatically.

"Anyway... Do we have a contingency plan. You know, in case of she-who-we-must-not-speak-of?" I give Peter a smile. Too bad I'm not wearing the green dress. Then I'd get it out of him.

"Viktor and I have prepared for such an incident." Oh have they? Seems like Peter can share his plans with Viktor and not me. I try to bottle my oncoming freak out.

"What about Ivan?"

"I do not foresee him as a problem."

"Yeah, that's probably why he showed up at my house unannounced."

"Whatever he has planned, visiting Cal would not interfere with it."

"How do you know?"

"Ivan wants us to think that he isn't up to anything."

"But we know he is. He's always up to something." Even I knew that.

"True."

"So basically we're going to do nothing."

"Yes." Brilliant. That is so not the plan. The real plan is secret.

"I thought you were going to tell me."

"I am sorry," Peter says, tucking some hair behind my ear. At least he does look a little sorry.

"Sounds good to me," Tex says, still staring at Viktor as if her eyes are glued to him. I want to do that snappy thing again, but she might slap me, and then I would want to kill her and that would get us nowhere.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Peter

I waited on her roof in a light drizzle as she had dinner with her parents. I listen for a little, but let her have her time. It was important that I didn't intrude any more in her life than I had to. The absolute best thing for her now would be for me to extricate myself and never see her again.

But that was not possible, and not just because of the Claiming. She had become part of the noctalis world. Even if she had only seen a small part of it, she had been exposed. It was like a disease that once you were exposed, there was no cure. You might not show symptoms, but it would always have a piece of you. Of her.

Of course, it would have been better if I had never come back to the cemetery to see her. That would have been the best.

Her window screeches open and she pokes her head out, gazing up at me, her forehead puzzled.

"What are you thinking about so hard? Your plan that you won't tell me about? Again?"

"How did you know I was thinking?"

"I don't know. How did you know I was going to drink Tex's blood? How does any of this work?" Her eyes shut as she lifts her face to the sky, letting the mist fall on her face. "That feels really nice." I watch her for a moment.

"Your clothes are wet. Come in and get some dry ones. I made a drawer for you." Gesturing to her dresser, I see a nearly empty drawer with the clothes she bought me folded neatly.

"Your, uh, underthings are in that bag." Her face is red as I take the bag and put it in the drawer. Ava's aversion to nudity is so very human, but I respect it. Not that I would not enjoy to see her with only rainwater covering her skin. I have thought of it more often than not.

I fold the bag up and put it in the drawer, closing it with finality. Granted, my trunk is here, but there is something very intimate about having one's underclothes in someone else's drawer.

"Go ahead and change. I think it need to sleep for a little while before we go." I retreat to the bathroom to put on some of the pajamas she'd bought me. The material is thin, but soft. Not as nice as skin on skin.

"Come here for a second," she says when I emerge. She has also changed into shorts and a tank top with thin straps. I only know what the things she wears are called because she told me. When I was human, girls were not so exposed. I go to her.

Her fingers scrape through my hair, pushing it away from my eyes.

"Sometimes I wish you would cut it, but then I couldn't do this."

"I could try to cut it."

"You haven't before?" Her fingers peruse, teasing, massaging, exploring. It is wonderful. I breathe her in and try to lock the moment in my memory.

"I never had a need to."

"It's okay. Sometimes I just want to see your eyes." She pulls my hair back and pulls my face to be in line with hers. "I need to see them more often. They're so beautiful." I could say the same about her luminous green irises.

"You are right."

She cups her hand to her ear, as if she hadn't heard me. I knew she had. "What did you say? I could have sworn you said I was right."

"You are right."

"Thank you for admitting that."

"It did not hurt me to do so."

"Well that's good. Hopefully it will happen again."

Without meaning to, I catch her. It is nearly a reflex now. Her eyes focus on mine. Unblinking. The fatigue dissolves and I see the remnant of the girl I talked with in the cemetery. Although, she had been tired then. Tired from her mother's diagnosis. Human lives are exhausting things. I break the contact and her face sags a little under the weight of what her life has become.

"I needed that. I shouldn't need reminding, but I do. I need reminding of why we're doing this and what we stand to lose."

"I will always remind you, my Ava-Claire." She presses her forehead to mine. Her skin is hot, as if she has a fever.

"Good." Her hands drift to mine and she takes both of them as she walks backward to the bed.

"Come here," she says again. "I don't want to sleep alone. I've gotten used to having you here."

"I know." I have gotten used to being here. I see my existence as two parts. Before Ava. After Ava. Darkness to light. If only I could keep that light burning. Like a lighthouse before electricity, I will have to keep the lantern we have lit burning. It will take both of us. I only hope we are strong enough. That I am strong enough.

Ava

Sleeping with Peter is amazing. Not that he's super cuddly, but I feel all my muscles release when I know he's next to me. I still have bad dreams. The burning one hasn't left me alone for more than a few nights. Still, a little sleep is better than none.

I wake to him brushing my shoulder.

As I freeze my ass off in Peter's arms, I can't figure out Peter's plan. In my opinion, we're walking into a snake pit. I don't trust this guy further than I can throw him. Which is not at all. Not even after the whole Cal-saved-me story he'd told me. The bottom line was that I trusted Peter. And I knew he wouldn't hurt me. So I go along to get along.

When we finally land, I try to fight the creepy feeling that wraps around me like smoke. I can't put my finger on it. Maybe it was the lawn gnomes. Those things have always done it to me. Back when Mom would take me trick-or-treating, I would never go to a house that had them on the lawn. I'd have nightmares that they would pull their little feet out of the ground and come and kill me in my sleep. My thoughts are interrupted by the arrival of Tex and Viktor.

"God, those things give me the creeps," Tex says as Viktor sets her on her feet.

"My feelings exactly," I say.

She squints at the house. It has a sinister feel, even though there are lights on inside. "So who is this guy? Some sort of vampire suburbanite?"

"Noctalis," I say.

"Whatever." Her expression, looking at the house, and mine from the first time, were probably identical.

"I just can't picture one of you," she points to Viktor and Peter, "living in such a... house." There really isn't a better term for it. Basically, it was the Better Homes and Gardens version of the most average house in America. Plus the gnomes.

"Cal is different."

"Yeah, I can see that." Just as we're all staring up at the house, the door opens. Kinda like last time. The light floods from the inside, haloing Cal.

"Hello again. I see you've brought more visitors." His voice needs no amplification to carry across the lawn.

"Cal."

"Peter. Viktor. And Ava. It is nice to see you again. Who have you brought with you?"

"This is Tex." Viktor makes the introduction. I'm guessing it has to do with part of the hierarchy. The hierarchy that Peter has never told me about and pretends doesn't exist.

"Tex. What interesting names they have now."

"Yeah, it's great." I shoot Tex a look. Please don't poke the tiger. I wonder if Viktor gave her any parameters to follow.

"Won't you please come in? I am sorry I am not able to offer you refreshment." I'm sure the house has a fridge, but I really don't want to know what's in it. Really don't. It takes forever and no time at all for us to get up the steps and into the house. I'd forgotten how clean it was. How sterile and gray and taupe. At least he's more hospitable this time. I'm not sure that's a good omen.

"That is fine."

Cal pauses while he leads us to the living room. The first time we'd stood in the doorway and talked. He gestures for us to sit on the leather couches. Of course they make that horrible squelchy almost-fart sound when we sit down. At least when Tex and I do. Being a noctalis apparently gives you the superpower of being able to silently sit on a leather couch. Something else to look forward to. Cal picks up a glass paperweight. Who even has those in their house?

"I have information. But it is not here. We well have to go get it," he says without further ado.

"I cannot leave my Claimed," Peter says. Great, now I don't have a name.

He tosses the paperweight into the air and catches it before I can blink. "Then we have no deal." Seriously? This was the guy who had saved Peter? What the hell? I have to say something. I can't keep my mouth shut any longer.

"Are you kidding?" Cal studies me like the paperweight before he answers. I want to slap that look off his face. No matter what Peter said about him, there was something wrong with this guy.

"He has told you about his past. I can see that. But you cannot comprehend. You have not the brain for it." Great, now he's saying I'm stupid. Nice. Real nice.

"I could say that you don't know anything about love. About love that transcends everything. Mortality. Good sense. Logic. But I know about it."

"You think you do." Shut up. Just shut up. Where had the benevolent friend who had saved Peter from the depths of despair gone?

"Peter. If you wish to learn the information you seek, we must leave now." I wait for Peter to say no. I wait for him to squeeze my hand or blink or something or anything. I wait for him to tell Cal to go to hell.

"I will do it."

"What?!" I rip my hand out of his and stand. I can't sit when he says something like that. "Do you not remember what happened last time? And it's worse now. I freak out every time you leave the room!" I throw up my hands, begging the heavens for help. I hadn't told him the last part. And I didn't mean to tell Cal. I wasn't really good at the card-hiding thing. This was probably why he didn't tell me the plan.

"We will do what we have to do. It may be uncomfortable, but it is necessary." His voice is cold again. Trying to show Cal that he didn't care about me. At least he isn't blocking me this time.

I feel something insistently tugging at our connection. My immediate reaction was to slap him for being such a jerk, but I hold off. He's playing a game that I don't know the rules to. I will just have to follow his lead.

Another insistent tug tells me what to do.

"If you're going to be an ass**le, fine. Go. See if I care." It takes the force of my will to turn my back on him and cross my arms. I send him a sharp jab, telling him that I received the message, and I will play along. It's insane how implicitly I trust him. I'm not sure if that's part of the Claiming, or if it's just because I love him. At this point, it's impossible to untangle my personal feelings from the Claim. Not that I would want to. I love belonging to him. I love that he belongs to me. That he needs me. That I can give him something no one else can. That he shares parts of his past with me. I love him so much it hurts.

"I will be back."

"How the hell am I supposed to get home?"

"That is not my concern." He shoots what almost feels like a bullet of regret down the line of our connection. I know, I know. It's still hard not to be hurt by the cold way he says it. But seriously, how am I getting home? We're in freaking Florida.

"You can take your Claimed home if you like. I will come with you. I have not seen Maine in a very long time." Oh doesn't that sound like a fun roadtrip. Skytrip?

"That might be best." Peter is both relieved that he can take me home. But there's something else there that he isn't telling me. Not for the first time, I wish I had telepathy.

"Shall we go?" Cal looks between me and Peter. I make a huffy face and roll my eyes like a petulant teenager. I want Cal to think I am. I want him to underestimate me until I know what the hell is going on.

We all walk calmly out of the house. Tex catches my eye and mouths something at me, but I give her a look that shuts her up. I have the feeling this wasn't what she had in mind. I thought it was going to take me physically putting my hand on her mouth to get her to stop talking. Seems as if the gravity of the situation had finally penetrated her thick skull. It's about time.

The air outside has a chill in it that I know is only going to get worse. Why it's a good idea to let Cal know where I live is beyond me. But it looks like he's coming. I wonder how he's getting there. Peter has never told me about his other form.

I watch as he takes his jacket off, folds it and places it just inside the door. He then removes his tie and then his shirt. I really hope he isn't going to strip down. Then he takes off his shirt and folds it. Then shoes.

"You may want to turn your back to protect your human sensibilities. I know how you can be about the naked body." I do as I'm told and turn my back. Peter comes to stand behind me. I wish I could say something to him, but I know Cal would hear. Instead I lean back against him for a fraction of a second. His fingers nip at my back. A warning.

Without at word, Peter lifts me into his arms. Viktor does the same with Tex. There is no squeal of delight this time. We are all quiet. I turn my head to see where Cal is. Instead I meet the face of what looks like a cheetah. Only a half-human one. His face is covered in patches of gold and black and white. There is a cruel beauty to him that takes my breath away. His whole body is covered in short fur, sparkling in the moonlight. He smiles at me, and I turn away. The savage beauty could kill me. Even though I know Peter wouldn't let that happen. It doesn't make me feel less uneasy.

A growl signals our departure. Peter ruins another shirt, but I don't really care. Viktor stays in human form and takes off with Tex. I pray that he can keep her safe. Peter is silent as the wind whips around us, as if it's angry.

He stays silent until we are well into the sky.

"I am sorry."

"I know." His arms tighten around me. "What's going to happen now?"

"I don't know."

"You don't know? I thought you were sending me all those vibes because you had a plan."

"I did. Cal changed it."

"Then you have to change the plan. God, have you ever watched an action movie before? They go to diffuse the bomb and the thing they'd planned on never works and they come up with something that might work and puts all of them at risk. And it pays off. Most of the time. So we just have to think of a crazy way to diffuse the bomb." He doesn't say anything.

"Well, you've gotten us into a pickle."

"Indeed." He pauses as I wait. Wait for a new plan.

"There's something you aren't telling me." This has been my suspicion all along. That Peter does know what he's doing, even if he isn't telling me about it.

"Yes." Thought so.

"And you're not going to tell me. Again."

"No."

"So I'm just supposed to trust you." Again.

"If you can."

"Oh sure, I can trust you. I just don't understand why keeping me in the dark is a good thing. You told me if you were going to do that to me again, you were going to tell me ahead of time."

"There are things I can't tell you."

"Why?"

"The time will come. It has not yet." I can't think of anything good to say to that, so I go with...

"You suck." Brilliant.

"I am sorry. It is for the best."

"That's what your parents say when you have to go to the doctor and get a shot, just before they stick you with the needle."

"I would never hurt you."

"Intentionally."

"Yes." Neither of us is dumb enough to deny the fact that he could just as easily hurt me unintentionally. He just hadn't yet.

I shut my mouth and try to stay calm for the rest of our little ride. It seems to take forever. I keep looking down at the ground, even though it makes me want to hurl. I'm just worried about Tex.

"She will be fine."

"How did you -"

"I just knew."

"Oh."

Chapter Twenty-Four

Peter

I had told her a lie. Cal had not changed my plan. He had simply confirmed my suspicions.

Since Ava had entered my life, things had changed. My sensibilities had sharpened. It was almost as if I had lost the knack of noticing things when I became a noctalis. Not that my powers of observation were ever poor. Since my life had no meaning, I chose not to pay attention inconsistencies.

When I had first met Ava and before I Claimed her, I had seen Cal. He seemed to sense times of turmoil in my life, but that was impossible. We had talked. He had told me of his new house. It was an inconsequential meeting. I went back and saw Ava the next day. And that was when it started.

I did not see him again until after the Claiming. I had changed so much since then, little as I would admit it. Noctali are stagnant. We stay the same, never growing, never bending, breaking, ending. But the Claim had changed me. She had changed me.

I saw that he was different when I brought her. That he looked at her in a way I had seen him look at hundreds of other humans. Only this time I cared. I cared so much I wanted to rip his throat out of his body. I wanted to cause him so much pain he would never recover. But of course, we are incapable of causing pain or experiencing it. I had not remembered pain until I Claimed Ava.

It was a mistake to bring her the first time. I needed the information, and I did not know how he would react. I had my answer quite quickly. But I kept it from her.

I was willing to go back and see him. But the moment he opened the door I knew. He meant us harm.

And I had another suspicion that started to take root. I owed it all to Ava. To her keen sense of observation.

The only way to know for sure is to go with him. And to put my trust in someone who wants to destroy me.

Ava

Peter and I are the first at my house.

"Was it a good idea to bring him here, here?" We're in the backyard, out of view of the windows, but you can still see the glow from the lamp in my room. I'd forgotten to turn it off.

"He would find it anyway." I wobble a bit, and he lets me lean on him. "Sh." His voice is sharp. The opposite of the word.

And then they are there. I don't hear them as quick as Peter, but I do hear them before they get there. I prepare myself by stepping away from Peter. I wish I could kiss him goodbye. Or perhaps forever. But it is not viable now. I'm supposed to be mad at him. So I step away and affix a glare to my face, hoping it's convincing and knowing it's probably not.

Cal is still in his noctalis form, and I try not to look at places I don't want to see. Because honestly, he's all human from the waist down, minus the fur. Instead, I look for Tex. Viktor puts her down and she reaches for my hand. I try to get her an eye message, but she looks so scared she's not going to listen to anything, even if it was said out loud. Viktor blinks at me. I hope that means that he's watching out for us. He and Peter share a glance and I hope they're doing that thing where they share their thoughts. That would be good right about now.

"I will be back."

"Fine, whatever." I love you, I love you, I love you. I turn my back to him, and I can already feel the pain building in my chest at the thought of him leaving. I really didn't think he'd actually go through it, but here we are. God this sucks so much I can barely stand. Everything in me, all that I am screams at me to go to him. But this is his plan, and I have to trust it. A warm nudge on our connection makes me feel a tiny bit better. But that feeling dissolves like sugar in a glass of iced tea when he takes to the sky.

"Oh god," I say, falling to the ground. I don't even hear Cal leave. Tex tries to hold me up, but I fall like a boulder into a pond.

"What's wrong with her?"

"It is the Claim. It makes them impossible to be apart."

"Then why did he leave? And why is he such a douche all of a sudden?"

"He had to." Viktor doesn't answer the second question.

"That's crazy! What are we supposed to do?"

"Get her inside."

"How? Seriously, how? Her parents are sleeping."

"I will take her in and come back for you." Viktor picks my body up somehow. I've curled into the fetal position, because it's all I can do. Wind wooshes by me and I'm being lifted and carried. Without a sound, Viktor opens the door to the house and carries me up to my room.

"I will return." I fold myself on the bed. It's bad. Really bad. I'd cry, but I can't remember how. The pain is a blazing knife that rested inside a forge that has since been sunk into my chest, slowly and carefully. Twisting, burning, stabbing. It is so excruciating, I can't even keep my eyes open.

A warm body is thrown on top of me.

"Oh my god, you're burning up. What do we do?"

"Go and soak some cloths in cool water." There's a rustle as Tex tries to go as quiet as she can. Viktor knees down next to me.

"Ava. I am going to leave you for a few minutes. There are things I need to take care of, but I will leave you here with Tex. You will be fine. I will not let anything harm you." With that, he's gone. Something cold touches my face and drips into my hair.

"Tell me what to do. I'm so bad at this. You're always the one who takes care of me when I'm drunk and I just don't know what to do." Her voice is bordering on hysterical as water drips down my neck.

"Shut up," I manage to say through my teeth. "Just shush." I crack my eyes open and she's flapping her hands over me. Even though I'm in so much pain, I see that she's scared out of her mind. Tex almost never gets scared like that. She's never faced anything to make her look like that.

She opens her mouth again and then shuts it. I close my eyes and wait to die.

It could be hours or minutes later that two people enter the room.

"Hello, lovely," a surprisingly gentle voice says in my ear. The accent is British, but the words are so kind that it can't be Ivan. "You have gotten yourself into a fix, I'd say." My head is lifted and a glass of water pressed to my lips. I try to swallow, but it is not easy.

"We're going to give you something to help you sleep." I try to say no, but talking hurts to much. I barely feel the stick of the needle in my arm. Someone tucks me under my covers and pushes my hair away from my face. The hand is cool, and soft.

The pain dulls a little and my eyes are impossible to open. As I fade off, I hear Tex asking what they did to me, and Viktor saying he's taking her home. The last thing I hear is Ivan promising to take care of me.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Peter

It took several tries before I was able to fly very high. The line that tied me to Ava yanked me backward. As did the pain. It was hot this time. A fire lit within that wanted to consume me. I pulled at the connection, trying to do what I need to do to save her. Ivan will protect her. So will Viktor.

I swerve drunkenly, not flying with my usual speed. I dip low, keeping Cal in my sights. He moves fast, but not faster than I can fly. Still, at this rate it will take us hours to get there. I cannot take too much time. I must get back to her. But first, I need to see what Cal is up to.

We travel about seventy miles and I have to stop. I swoop down to where Cal waits for me in the middle of a clearing next to a small pond. We are going South along the highway.

"It is painful, yes?"

"It can be." I do not want him to see that I can barely stand.

"It was a rash decision."

"I would say so. You are not one for rash decisions."

"Usually." He doesn't ask me for the reason for the rash decision.

"Shall we go?"

"Yes." A pang sends me to my knees.

"Can you fly?"

"Perhaps not. I will run." My wings take a long time to dissolve into my back. All of my abilities are dulled. I am at my best when I am with her.

I stand and use my legs to propel me forward. Cal drops, and uses his hands and legs to run with me. We are going slow, I can tell. Soon, it is all I can do to move at all. I stop again. We are nearly one hundred miles from her and I am not sure how much farther I can go. If I will hit a wall and not be able to go on.

The wall comes twenty miles later. I cannot go on.

"Peter?"

"I cannot move." I have to tell him the truth. He stands over me, an unfathomable expression on his face.

"Wait here." I have nothing else I can do. I cannot move at all. I turn on my back and stare at the stars. I hope she is seeing the same stars. Orion's belt dances above me. I close my eyes and try to bring up her face. Dark hair in loose curls, ivory skin, those green eyes. The most perfect face. It blurs, waving in and out, like a reflection on a disturbed pond.

"Hello, Peter dear."

It is Di. I cannot make my jaw work to give her a response. This was what I suspected. She found a loophole. Ava was right.

"You didn't listen to me. This girl is destroying you, little by little. You should have killed her."

I clench my teeth and try to think of Ava's face.

"You made me do this. I wouldn't have if you would have done it. Cal, precious?"

"Yes, mother."

Ava would slap me for being so blind all those years.

Cal picks me up and puts me over his shoulder. I can do nothing to stop him. Di puts her face against mine.

"I missed you."

"I love you," I say, because it is the only thing I can say. It is true. Even after all this time and all she has done. The love is there. But not by my choice.

The promises we make, we cannot break.

"I know," she says against my cheek. "I am doing this for you."

We run, farther away from Ava. I know not where we are going. It does not matter. I am completely paralyzed within a few miles. My eyes stay open, staring at Cal's furred back. Di runs gracefully next to me. She could fly, but chooses not to.

Against the two of them, I am useless. There is only one thing to do. Ava, Ava, Ava. Ava-Claire, my Ava, mine, mine mine. I call out her name in my head, projecting it along the connection I can no longer feel since it is stretched too tight. For the first time since I became a noctalis, I prayed. I asked God, if he could help her. I did not care about me. But if I was like this, it meant that so was she. I could not have that. I prayed like I used to when I was young.

As I lay me down to sleep...

Please help my Ava. Let her survive.

I said it over and over to the beat of Ivan's walk. It was the only thing I could focus on. It was the only thing I could hold onto. Everything else was slipping away. With. Each. Step...

Ava

I finally wake from the pain/drug-induced haze. Something has changed. I slit my eyes open, which takes the force of pushing boulders. The light in the room is soft and grey. Morning is approaching.

"Something's wrong." The words come out of my mouth like mush, but a voice answers me. My lips crack like earth in the desert.

"I would certainly say so. I thought we were going to lose you."

"Why isn't he back?"

"I warned him. I told him this would happen. No matter, it all leads to the same end. All roads lead to Rome, do they not?" He had said something like that before, but I can't remember when.

He turns from the window and walks into my vision. He peers down at me as if he's never seen me before. "You look like death warmed over."

"Thanks." I try to keep the talking to a minimum. "Where's Peter?"

"Would you like my honest answer? Or the answer you want to hear?" What kind of question was that?

"Honest."

"Probably buried in a hole somewhere. Or a dungeon. Perhaps a mausoleum. Someplace dramatic. If there is one word to describe Di, it is dramatic."

"Di?" What did she... Oh. Fuck.

"Take me to him."

"Very persuasive, my love. You are not really in a state to be making demands, are you?" His head tips to the side, but it's not like when Peter does it. I close my eyes to shut it out.

"Why?"

"Because he loves you."

"Can't." I hear, more than see him blink.

"Nevertheless, he does. And Di does not want to lose him."

"Save him."

"You know that is the last thing I want."

"Save him. Save me."

"Interesting. Even in this state, you try to manipulate me. Bravo." My bed dips as he sits down. If he starts clapping, I'm going to lose it. Not that I have much to lose, anyway.

"Save me. Get revenge later." I try to reach out to him. He moves away. Yes, that's right. I can't touch him. But didn't he touch my head? Oh what the hell does it matter? He laughs and I wish I could cover my ears.

"Oh love, you are something. I can see now why he Claimed you. Not that I would do it myself."

"Josephine?" I try to make my voice go up at the end of the word so he understands it's a question. He stares at me for a second and I know, without the shadow of a doubt, that he would kill me if he could.

"She wanted to be married first." His voice is quiet. He looks away from me, as if seeing me is painful.

"Why?" My voice is going. I don't have much time. I feel my life slipping away. I fade out for a moment.

"That was who she was. I never even had a chance to kiss her." Wow. That's crazy. I can't imagine that. My mind goes away again, and I feel like there are little lights popping in my brain. It won't be long now.

"Revenge." It comes out, "rshsmgsche." He understands anyway.

"True." He turns again, and I can feel him watching me. "There is something about you. Even in that state. You remind me of -" he cuts himself off. Huh. I fade again. I try to speak again, but it doesn't happen. And then I feel it. So faint and far away I almost don't feel it. A tug. Somehow I get the strength to open my eyes and move my arms to try and push myself up. I slump back down, my face smashing against the covers. I panic a little, because the fluffy blanket is shoved in my face and I can't breathe. Someone moves it. I move my eyes up to meet his.

"Please." My arm comes up and I reach for him, palm up. Even though I know he can't touch me.

"You, my lovely, have put me in an interesting situation. On one hand, I can leave you here and you will probably succumb. But my quarrel is with Peter, and not you. No matter what I have done, I do not take a life lightly. I see you do not believe me, but it is so. On the other hand, if I bring you to Peter, then he owes me for saving you. It would not exact my revenge, but maybe it can be exacted another way. Having Peter owe me a favor I would be able to cash in at any time might come in useful." He turns around, looking at the sky for a moment. "And I do not want Di to win. While Peter took something from me, so did she." I'm not going to mention the fact that if Di hadn't changed him, he wouldn't have met Josephine, because then where would we be? I don't care if Peter owes him a million favors if it means we get to be together.

"So," he says, turning back around and clapping his hands together, "it seems as if a gallant rescue is in order, my fair lady. I guess that makes me the noble steed." I would love to laugh at that, if we were in any other situation. But we're not, and all I can do is breathe and not die.

"This will be a little tricky since I cannot touch your skin. Ah," he says, reaching for a blanket. I lie there as he wraps me up like a human burrito. My arms and legs are so tight that I couldn't move them if I wanted to.

"Sorry, sweet blossom, but this is going to be a little awkward for a while. Don't fret, I'm fast." He winks at me. Didn't know he could do that. He leans down and sort of folds me in half to get me into his arms. He pulls the window up and we are blasted with cool air. It's not summer yet.

It's a good thing I can't see, because then I'd be freaking out more. If I was able to freak out, which I'm not at the moment.

"Ready?" I make a sound at the back of my throat that means, "sure, why not?" He laughs again and then we're in the air and landing on the ground with a soft thump.

"Onward we go," he says, and then he's running. I have to close my eyes against the flashes of the trees that zoom by. If I could move or do anything, I'd probably throw up. This is different than flying. Not that the ride isn't smooth, but I can see so much that it makes me sick.

"How are you?" he says a few minutes later. I whimper, hoping that he understands means, "as good as it gets right now." Like before when Peter left me, it takes a while for me to even sense that I'm feeling better. It would be the equivalent of being hit by a bus and being hit by a truck. Only marginally better. So small that I'm not sure if it's real.

"Where are we?"

"Portsmouth, New Hampshire. I am following their scent."

"How much longer?"

"I think you would be the one to tell me that." I tug on the connection, so relieved when I discover a little resistance. Thank all the stars. It's not huge, but it's something. I just wish...

"What is it like?" Ivan's voice startles me. Even in my weakened and drug-addled state, I am still surprised.

"What is what?" I can't finish, even though the pain is lessening.

"To be Claimed. I have heard of it, but have never seen it done. It seems as if all it causes is agony, from what I have seen."

"Not agony always."

"Yes, I can imagine that. I see some of the benefits for Peter, but your motivation is still a mystery."

"Love. Him." I clench my teeth around the words. I wish I could forge my words into daggers and have them by my side. Love as my weapon of choice.

"I see." But really, he doesn't. I want to ask him more about Josephine, but a little nudge interrupts me.

"We're getting closer."

"But we are still miles away." Miles and miles to go. Like that Robert Frost poem.

Peter.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Peter

The place they put me in is dark and damp and echoes. From what I can tell, it is some sort of underground bunker. It was surrounded by an old stone foundation. Perhaps it was once a house or part of a military barracks. And now it will be the place I spend the rest of my eternity. Or at least as long as they decide to keep me here. They do not say much, but from what I can tell, they plan to leave me here and see if Ava comes. What the purpose of this is, I cannot understand. My mind is not sharp. I need her.

I call out again.

"Peter dear. I am sorry about the accommodations, but you are used to it, I assume." I can't answer her. She reaches down with soft hands and strokes my face. Di has incredibly small hands. They are about the size of a child's.

"You were always my favorite," she says, licking my cheek. "My youngest."

"Cal." I am trying to ask what about him, when I feel it. Feel her. It is faint, and still so far away, but she is there. She is coming.

I knew I could count on Ivan.

"Cal is my oldest. He was the first. You didn't know that, did you?"

"No."

"I was barely transformed myself. I had run away from Hartfield and found him in an alley. I seem to like the lost causes, do I not?" I had asked Ava once if she thought I was a lost or hopeless cause. I was both before I met her.

She is coming.

"He had something about him that I couldn't understand. I was inches away from killing him, but still his heart beat on. I couldn't extinguish that, could I?" Cal steps from behind her. She smiles at him and he smiles back.

"My first. We had some times, didn't we?"

"We did." His voice changes, his accent shifts to a lower-class British drawl. The shift of accent is like a light turning on and off. Cal had never told me of his maker, his origin. I had never asked. I knew little of Di's origin as well. I had never asked.

"And what did you promise me, Cal?"

"That I would do whatever you asked of me." And there was the loophole.

I close my eyes again and picture her face. Smiling, with the sun shining down on her. Ava, letting me brush her silky hair. Staring up at the stars. Singing along with the radio. Baking with her mother. Relishing the taste of lemon meringue pie. Ava, Ava, Ava.

She is coming.

Closer, closer, closer.

"And you have done whatever I asked of you." Her hands caress his face, just as she had mine. Cal could not, or decided to no longer hide, his adoration for her. His hands entwine with hers, dancing together as if they have done so for eternity.

Just a little longer, and she will be here.

Relief slowly trickles through me, starting at the tips of my toes, my fingers, the top of my head. My fingers finally work, and I twitch them back to life. Very soon, I will be able to walk. But I must not let them know that. I stay still.

"Where shall we go next?" Di's voice takes on the affectionate tone you might use with a young child. She had never used it on me.

"Anywhere you want. Paris?"

"I went to Paris twenty years ago. How about China? It's been at least seventy years since I was last there."

"China," he says in her ear. They embrace. I close my eyes and wait for Ava.

Ava

"Your heart is very loud," Ivan calmly observes. It's so weird that he is running so hard, but not breathing at all.

"I'm sorry?" My voice has gotten stronger, as has my body. I can lift my head and keep my eyes open now. Progress! My heart races because I'm thinking about Peter and how much I want him, miss him, want to punch him for doing this to me. But most of all I want to kiss the daylights out of him and tell him that he should make me a noctalis ASAP, because I can't come and rescue him all the time.

"It's nice. Constant." Once upon a time, Peter said the beat of my heart was nice. That was a very long time ago.

"You know you can't kill me." I feel the need to remind him of this, since he just talked about my beating heart. I'd like to keep it that way until the time I decided to become a noctalis, which shouldn't be too far in the future. If I had anything to say about it. Also, if both of us got out of this mostly unscathed. I would not want to be scathed.

"Yes love, I know." He chuckles, which is a much nicer sound than his laugh, but still makes me wish I didn't have ears. I also wish he would stop calling me love. Endearments were reserved for Peter and my mother. Sometimes Jamie. Tex only used insults as endearments.

"What about Tex?"

"I believe Viktor is with her." He pauses for a moment, looking down at me as if to judge whether he should continue. I guess I am deemed worthy. "She looks remarkably like Adele, you know."

"What?" No one had told me that. It certainly explained a lot. "You thought now, in the middle of the valiant rescue, now, was a good time to tell me that?"

"I was making conversation."

"Well, talk about something else."

"What shall I talk about?"

"I don't know." I cast around my head for something, anything. Anything that wouldn't make me think of Peter. It was a really short list. "What are your opinions on nuclear proliferation? Or, uh, zombies. What is your opinion on the preparedness of humans for the zombie apocalypse?"

"Zombie apocalypse?"

"That's what I said." Peter and I had never discussed it. Even though it was an important issue. I wait for him to answer.

"From what I have heard, surrounding the house with outward-facing treadmills is most popular, but the fly in that ointment would be constantly powering the treadmills."

I'm stunned, but only for a moment.

"Exactly! Since all the power will go down, and everyone will probably be on generators. I've told Tex that a hundred times, but she just keeps going on about how you could stock up on generators ahead of time. But who does that? You can't prepare for the zombie apocalypse."

Turns out Ivan is kind of a Chatty Cathy. Who knew? I mean, after the whole neck-squeezing incident, I would have told you he would as soon talk to me as ride a pink unicorn. Saddle up, cowboy.

As the pain recedes and I get giddier, Ivan gets more wary. I can tell the way his eyes dart, and how he slows down a bit.

"Where the hell are we?" Somehow we'd crossed the highway three times, but had managed to avoid major cities and even residential areas.

"According to a sign a few miles back, Baltimore, Vermont."

"I've never heard of it."

"Neither have I." He stops for a moment.

"What are you doing?"

"Stopping for a moment."

"You didn't lose the trail, did you?"

"I am not sure." I close my eyes. Fantastic. So much for the noble steed. I close my eyes and reach out to to Peter.

"That way." I close my eyes and point.

"Are you sure?"

"Yup. Don't question. Just run." I open my eyes. He's looking at me in a way I can't figure out. I get the feeling that he was testing me. Just seeing if I could do it. I don't let on that I know. I close my eyes and hold on.

I give him directions the rest of the way. I think he goes wrong a few times on purpose, just to see if I will correct him. I can tell this isn't a selfless mission. He thinks he's getting something out of it. Well, everyone wants something. And he wants something from Peter. I can't even begin to wonder where he's going with that. The only thing that matters is Peter. Getting to him. We'll figure out the rest later.

When we go over the border into South Carolina, I know we aren't far. I am so stiff from my burrito position, and I really, really want to stretch my legs. It will have to wait and I hope that when the time comes for me to stand tall, my legs will carry me.

"What are we going to do when we find him?"

"I assumed you would have a plan." Oh no, Peter is the one with the plan. But he didn't tell me what it was so I have to make one up as we go along. I'm going to punch him when we find him.

"We go in, we get Peter and we leave."

"That is the plan?"

"So far. I don't like to plan too far ahead. What's the point when things never go the way they are supposed to?"

"That is a valid point. But I am sure they did not storm the Bastile or conduct the Civil War without a plan."

"I'm sure the South had a plan during the Civil war. And look how that turned out. Maybe if they just flew by the seat of their pants, they might not have lost the war."

"Maybe. Maybe not." The comment reminds me of something Peter might have said. Peter. God I miss him.

When we're within a mile, Ivan slows way down.

"Can they hear us this far out?" I say it so soft my lips barely move. He shakes his head and then blinks. I guess that means maybe yes, maybe no. Best to take the precaution.

It takes minutes upon minutes to slowly make our way through the woods. It's different than Maine here. The trees are different, less close together. The distant sounds of the highway reach my sensitive ears.

I focus on Peter, hoping I can hear him or something. I know he must know I am coming. If he could, like, go all ninja and free himself and run to me and we could have one of those slow-motion moments with running and kissing and twirling around and laughing, that would be awesome. It will not happen, but I have a brief moment when I imagine it. I try to send the image to Peter. As if I can do such a thing. But who knows?

I'm coming. I love you. I'm coming. I love you.

My heart sings and I feel as if I could sprout wings myself when we get really close. We probably should have discussed if we were going to go with our guns blazing (so to speak) or if we were going to wave the white flag. I'm not really a white flag kind of girl. Guess Ivan isn't a white flag kind of guy. Noctalis.

He walks slow, but doesn't try to hide or do something like that. I test the connection. Peter is nearby, but I can't see him. I tug harder. He tugs back. I look down. Oh. I jab at Ivan and point to the ground. He nods. I study the ground in the increasing light. We're going to have to do this fast, or else I'm not going to get home. That would be a fine situation if we got out of this and then were busted by my parents. Worry about it later.

Ivan puts me down. I guess we're storming the Bastile.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Peter

I feel her progress. Di goes out to hunt, leaving Cal to watch me. He does not try to talk, to explain. I do not ask him to. It would be pointless.

"I know about the bind." I stay silent. "The bind you made with Di. To protect your human."

I still do not answer. It has been my experience that to stay silent is the best course of action more often than not.

Never show all your cards.

"It was a foolish move, I think. But you did not know about the bind that supersedes yours. The bind made at the time of transformation is stronger than any other bind you could ever make. When forced to fight against one another, the stronger bind will win out. But you did not know that, or else you would not have done it." I cannot stop myself from asking the next question.

"Did Di know?" Even though I already knew the answer.

"Yes." She had to have known. Well. She certainly put up a good act. I did not know she was that talented. She should win an award of some sort. Once again, Ava was right. I should give her an award.

"What was that?" Her heart has finally gotten close enough for him to hear.

"A human." He looks up at the shaft of morning light that falls through the opening of the the cellar. There is no use denying it.

"What is a human doing here at this time?" For the first time ever, he seems perturbed. It seems that Di brings out his emotions. Like Ava brings out mine.

"I do not know."

He goes to the entrance and sticks his head into the air.

"It is your human. And she is not alone." I call out to her in my mind. Her soul calls my name and it is like an embrace. I was so much to see her, touch her. Kiss her. Adore her.

Di must be close by. I hear hear voice as she says, "Ivan, darling. What on earth are you doing here?" The ice is in her voice, but her tone is friendly.

"We're here for Peter. We want him back." The sound of Ava's voice is almost my undoing. How could I have forgotten how lovely it is? It is, perhaps, the most beautiful sound in the entire world. Di cannot talk to Ava, or look at her. I hear her moving away from Ava. I did not give parameters for the bind, but it seems to be working.

"Ivan, why are you here? With her?" She cannot talk directly to Ava. I enjoy that very much. Cal looks at me, and then emerges. He doesn't do anything to stop me from doing the same. The sun is pleasant on my face after being underground. My eyes find her face and she beams the most brilliant smile at me. And I smile back. For the first time, I can smile without trying to.

Ava

Oh. My. God. He's here, he's here, he's here. I want to run to him and touch him and make sure he's all in one piece. Yes, I know he's immortal, but that doesn't stop me from making sure he's unharmed. Or at least that he's still generally okay.

"Peter." I breathe his name, and everything inside me shatters. All the pain and the wanting and waiting. I want to jump on him so bad.

"Ava." He breathes my name right back. He's still got the most glorious smile on his face that I don't think I'll ever forget as long as I live. Which I hope will be a very long time.

"I am here on an errand. It is none of your concern."

"It is my concern. You are my son. I don't let my children keep secrets from me."

"Then you should have put that in the bind." Oh snap. I'd never been an Ivan fan, but I was starting to kind of like him. It would be a whole lot easier if it weren't for the almost strangle and the fact that he wants to destroy Peter. Other than that, we'd be buddies.

"What is he doing here?" Ivan says to Cal.

"I have come to support our mother. Unlike you."

"She is not our mother," Ivan snaps back. Feisty.

"You knew?" Peter says.

"Of course I did." Ivan looks at me like I'm an idiot. And now he's back on my shit list.

"Why did you not tell me?"

"It did not matter at the time." Guess I'm not the only one in the dark.

"It does now."

"So it seems."

"Can we go now? You guys can stay and chat, but I've got to get my beauty rest." I yawn, which is totally unplanned, but totally works.

"Ivan will you tell that human that she is not leaving with him. I will not let it happen."

"And how are you going to stop me? None of you can touch me. You can't even look at me or you'll crumble into a pile of dust. Which might not be a bad look for you." I stare right at her. I feel her flinch and look away. Oh, I am enjoying this. It's sick, really. Ivan pinches my back through the blanket.

I walk to Peter and finally give him my hello. I let the blanket fall away from me, which exposes skin that they can't touch. My hands go around his neck and I pull him in. He resists for a moment, and I don't understand it. What is he doing? And what about Ivan and the whole promise thing? I shut my brain off for a moment and kiss him with everything I have. He gives it back to me. Tenfold. It's perhaps the sexiest kiss I'll ever have. Tongue and lip nibbling and hands in hair and pressing bodies.

"Ivan. Come to me. Bring her." Di's voice is like a being dunked in an ice cold pond in January.

"No," he says, stepping away from her.

"What did you say?"

"No." He looks at me one more time. His eyes are deep and haunted. Then he winks. And he's gone. I scream, because it's a very troubling thing to see a person wink at you and then crumble into ashes. A wind comes out of nowhere and sweeps most of them away.

A brilliant sound fills the air around us. Di. She screams on and on as Peter puts his hands on my ears. It doesn't do much to stop the sound. I guess noctali can't cry. But talk about the cry of the banshee. My eyes tear up a little bit, even though I hated him most of the time. He'd brought me here. And he'd sacrificed himself for me. I hold onto Peter. I turn around to see his face. It is still, and not in a good way. Di stops keening. Finally.

"You did this to him, Peter. You killed your brother. For her."

"Yes."

"And you will keep killing. For her."

"Yes."

"When will it end? Would you try to kill Cal? Me? You cannot kill your mother, Peter. Not if you love me." Cal is silent, watching. I wish he'd go to hell.

"Are you crazy? Don't listen to her."

"You should listen to me Peter. She will destroy you too. I can't have that. Do you love me?" He looks at me and then over my head at her.

"Yes."

"Then do what has to be done."

"It will not end. I will do what she asks. It will only be a matter of time."

I meet Peter's eyes and I can almost hear the wheels churning. He's sending me vibes, but I can't quite make them out.

"I am sorry, Ava. I must do this."

"What? What are you doing?"

"Are you going to kill her at last?"

"Yes. I can no longer fight the bind." Di shrieks with delight. It isn't that different than her wail of sorrow.

"What are you talking about?" What the hell?! Peter takes my arm, not roughly but strongly. "Peter." I know this can't be happening. That this is some plan he's got going that I'm just not in on.

He pulls me tight against him, and I think he's going to fly with me. Until he sinks his teeth into my neck. It isn't gentle this time and it's not on my wrist. I try not to scream, but it seems like the thing to do. I can feel him sucking the life from my body. Just before I think I'm going to pass out, he pulls back and whispers something so low I can barely hear it.

"Adore."

