CHAPTER ONE

Darkness surrounded me.

I stood in the center of a familiar room, the walls and shelves covered with the macabre and strange. Snakes floating in jars, teeth scattered among feathers and bones and pestles. A skeleton in a top hat grinning at me from the corner. Frightening, but I wasn't afraid. I knew this place. I just couldn't remember from where.

An old wooden rocking chair creaked softly at the edge of the light. It was facing away from me, and I could see a body slumped in the seat, withered arms dangling over the sides. I took a step closer and smelled the decay, the stench of grave dust and rags and ancient newspapers, crumbling in the attic. Walking around to face the chair, I gazed down at the shriveled corpse of an old woman, her nails curved into long, steely talons, her head slumped on her sunken chest.

Then she raised her head, and her eyes burned with black fire as she opened her mouth and breathed the words that stopped my heart in fear.

And I awoke.

* * *

My name is Meghan Chase.

And I've been working way too hard, lately.

I lifted my head from my desk, blinking at my computer and the nonsensical words scrolled across the screen. A quick glance at the clock proclaimed it 6:32 a.m. Had I pulled another all-nighter? I yawned, shaking cobwebs from my mind, as memory returned. No, I'd come here only an hour ago, to check the status of the new railroad system that was going up around the Iron Realm. It was a pet project of mine; the Iron Realm, despite being the smallest and newest realm in the Nevernever, was still large and sprawling. It needed a way for its citizens to travel safely and quickly, particularly if they were coming to Mag Tuiredh to see their new queen. The railroad was the perfect solution, though it would be a while before it was finished.

I rubbed my eyes, the remnants of a dream fading from my mind. Something with a skeleton and a creepy old corpse...I couldn't remember. Maybe I needed to slow down, take a break or a vacation, if the Iron Queen was allowed such things. It wasn't such an impossible idea now. The Iron Court, despite all the fear and hatred it still faced from the other courts, was doing well. There were a few hiccups, particularly involving the Winter Court, as Tir Na Nog's boundaries rested very close to Iron, but as a whole things were going far more smoothly and peacefully than I could've hoped for.

Which reminded me. Today marked the first day of Winter. The Winter Court Elysium was this afternoon in Tir Na Nog. I groaned at the thought.

At my feet, Beau, my German shepherd, raised his head and thumped his tail hopefully, and I smiled down at him.

"Hey, boy. You need to go out?"

The big dog panted and surged to his feet, wagging his tail. I ruffled his fur and stood, then winced as the floor swayed and a cloud of nausea bloomed in my stomach. Frowning, I put my hand on the desk to steady myself, clenching my jaw until the spell passed. Beau nudged my hand and whined.

I patted his neck, and the sick feeling faded and everything was normal again. "I'm okay, boy," I assured the dog, who gazed up at me with worried brown eyes. "Working too hard, I guess. Come on, I bet Razor is waiting for his daily game of catch-me-if-you-can."

We slipped into the hallway of the palace, where I was instantly trailed by several gremlins, tiny Iron fey that lived for trouble and chaos. They laughed and skittered around me, climbing walls and hanging from the ceiling, taunting poor Beau, until we reached the doors that led to the gardens surrounding the palace. As soon as I opened the doors, the gremlins shot through, buzzing challenges, and Beau took off after them, barking like mad. I rolled my eyes and shut the door as quiet returned to the Iron palace, if only temporarily. I couldn't help but smile as I headed back to my chambers, nodding at the Iron knights who bowed as I passed. This was my life now, crazy and weird and strange and magical, and I wouldn't have it any other way.

* * *

As soon as I wandered back into the bedroom, my gaze strayed to the large bed along the wall and the lump beneath the covers. Pale light streamed through the half-open curtains, settling around the still-sleeping form of a Winter sidhe. Or a former Winter sidhe. Pausing in the door frame, I took advantage of the serene moment just to watch him, a tiny flutter going through my stomach. Sometimes, it was still hard to believe that he was here, that this wasn't a dream or a mirage or a figment of my imagination. That he was mine forever: my husband, my knight.

My faery with a soul.

He lay on his stomach, arms beneath the pillow, breathing peacefully, his dark hair falling over his eyes. The covers had slipped off his lean, muscular shoulders, and the early-morning rays caressed his pale skin. Normally, I didn't get to watch him sleep; he was usually up before me, in the courtyard sparring with Glitch or just prowling the halls of the castle. In the early days of our marriage, especially, I'd wake up in the middle of the night to find him gone, the hyperawareness of his warrior days making it impossible for him to stay in one place, even to sleep. He'd grown up in the Unseelie Court, where you had to watch your back every second of every day, and centuries of fey survival could not be forgotten so easily. That paranoia would never really fade, but he was gradually starting to relax now, to the point where sometimes, though not often, I would wake with him still beside me, his arm curled around my waist.

And given how rare it was, to see him truly unguarded and at ease, I hated to disturb him. But I walked across the room to the side of the bed and gently touched his shoulder.

He was awake in an instant, silver eyes cracking open to meet mine, never failing to take my breath away. "Hey," I greeted, smiling. "Sorry to wake you, but we have to be somewhere soon, remember?"

He grunted and, to my surprise, shifted to his back and put the pillow over his head. "I don't suppose I could convince you to go without me," he groaned, his voice muffled beneath the fabric. "Tell Mab I've been eaten by a manticore or something?"

"What? Don't be ridiculous." I snatched the pillow off his head, and he winced, peering up at me blearily. "It's our first Elysium together, Ash. They'll be expecting us. Both of us." He moaned and grabbed another pillow, covering his eyes. "No playing hooky and insulting the Winter Queen. I'm not doing this by myself." I took the second pillow, tossing it on the floor, and mock-glowered at him. "Up."

He regarded me with a wry smile. "You're awfully perky for someone who kept me up all night."

"Hey, you started it, remember?" I feigned defiance, but it still made my heart soar to see him like this. It was like tiny pieces of his wall crumbled every day, showing me the bright, beautiful soul that lay beneath. I knew it was there, of course, when he had returned from his quest at the End of the World, but it had been new and fragile and overshadowed by his past, by his Unseelie nature and ruthless upbringing. Now, though, I could see more of it every day. He was still Ash the ice prince to everyone else in the castle, and sometimes that frozen barrier sprang up when he was angry or upset, but he was trying.

"So, come on." I poked him in the ribs, making him grunt. "If I have to suffer through this, you do, too. That was part of the deal when you married me."

I went to poke him again, but his hand shot out faster than I could see, grabbing my wrist and pulling me forward. I gave a startled yelp and fell on top of him, and his arms immediately snaked around my waist, trapping me against him.

"I don't know," he mused, giving me a lazy smile, as my heart started pounding in my chest. "What would you do if I just kept you here all afternoon? We could send Glitch to Tir Na Nog in our place-I'm sure he'd smooth things over."

"Oh, yeah, that would go over well-" But my voice was lost as Ash leaned up and kissed me, cutting off any protest. My eyes closed, and I melted into him, savoring the feel of his lips on mine, breathing in his scent. God, he was like a drug; I could never get enough. My fingers roamed over his bare shoulders and chest, and he sighed against me, sliding his hands up to tangle in my hair.

"This...isn't going to get you out of it," I breathed, shivering as Ash gently kissed my neck, right below my ear. "You're still...going to Elysium..." He chuckled, low and quiet, and brushed his lips across my cheek.

"I am yours to command, my queen," he whispered, making my heart clench in complete, helpless love. "I will obey, even if you order me to cut out my own heart. Even if you order me to the hell that is the Winter Court Elysium."

"It's...not that bad, is it?" I managed to get out. Ash gave a rueful smirk.

"Well, let's put it in perspective, shall we?" he mused, brushing a strand of hair from my eyes as he gazed up at me. "How many Elysiums have you been to?"

"Three," I said immediately. "At least...this will be my third one."

"And how many Elysiums do you think I've been to?"

"Um. More than three?"

"I do appreciate your gift for understatement." Ash kissed me once more and let me go, shaking his head. I stepped back, because if I stayed there any longer, staring into that gorgeous face, I wouldn't be going anywhere. "Very well." He sighed, putting on a mock-affronted air. "I guess I can suffer through another Elysium." He shifted to an elbow, watching me beneath the covers, looking so sexy I was tempted to say the hell with it and miss Elysium myself. "You do realize that I'm probably going to be challenged at least once by some Winter Court thug who thinks I've turned traitor."

"Yes, well, try not to kill anybody, Ash."

"Majesty?" A soft tap came on the door. I opened it a crack to find three wire nymphs gazing up at me. "We are here to help you prepare for Elysium, your majesty," one said with a deep curtsy. "Councilor Fix insisted that we arrange a dress for you, one suited for your status as queen."

"Did he now?" I smiled. Fix, my chief packrat adviser, had been quite busy of late, researching Elysium, the other courts and all the customs that went with it. He was incredibly efficient and probably knew more about the event than most of the traditional fey did.

The wire nymph shuffled her feet, looking uncomfortable. "Yes, your majesty. He also wished us to remind her highness that it would be highly inappropriate to wear human jeans and a T-shirt to the Winter Court, and that sneakers are not considered proper court attire."

A quiet noise came from the bed, sounding suspiciously like a snicker. I spared Ash a quick glare over my shoulder, and he gazed back innocently. Last night, when Fix was going over the rules with me one more time, I jokingly had mentioned the event was so stuffy and formal, maybe I could go in casual clothes this year. Then I'd at least be comfortably frozen. I'd thought Fix was going to have a heart attack squeaking in horror, and quickly assured him I was kidding. Packrats were wonderful little fey and fiercely loyal, but they tended to take everything seriously. Puck would have a field day with them.

Puck. I felt a twinge of sadness at the memory of him. Where was he now? What was he doing? I hadn't seen my best friend since the day we defeated the false king and I claimed the Iron throne. Ash had; Puck had accompanied him to the End of the World in his quest to gain a soul so he could be with me in the Iron Realm. But they'd parted ways soon after, and no one had seen any sign of the Great Prankster since.

I wished I knew where he was. I missed him.

"All right," I told the wire nymphs, smiling to ease their nervousness. "Then I'm at your mercy, I suppose. Lead the way."

An indefinite time later, after being poked, prodded, stuffed into a gown, my hair teased into curls and my face touched with makeup, I went back toward the bedroom, relieved that it was done. This was one of the things I didn't particularly care for; these extremely formal affairs that required me to look the part of a powerful faery queen. I understood Ash's reluctance. Faery politics were tricky, conniving and, if you weren't careful, extremely dangerous. I'd had to learn the ropes fast. Thankfully, Glitch and Fix were there to offer guidance when I needed it, and now Ash was here, as well. And the youngest son of the Unseelie Queen was no slouch when it came to the power struggles between the faery courts.

Speaking of which...

He was waiting for me outside our chamber doors, leaning against one of the pillars, arms crossed. Seeing him, I paused to collect myself. Ash in his black-and-silver uniform cut a striking figure against the white marble column, his cloak draping his shoulders and his sword at his side. It reminded me of our first dance together, my first Elysium, when I'd seen the cold, dangerous son of Queen Mab up close for the first time and was completely lost. Call it fate, destiny or just blatant hardheadedness on both our parts, from that moment on, there was no turning back.

As I approached, he smiled and pushed himself off the column, extending a hand. He had this uncanny ability to see everything about me in a single glance without taking his eyes from my face. I sensed he was doing that now. His expression looked a bit dazed, for just a moment, before he took my hand and kissed the backs of my knuckles, a perfect gentleman even now.

"Well." I sighed, ignoring the butterflies set loose in my stomach. "Here am I, all fancied up and ready to go to Elysium." I glanced down at the metallic gray-and-white fabric of my dress, befitting colors for the Iron Queen, and shook my head. "I hope this gown is heavy enough. Mab's palace isn't exactly the warmest place in the Nevernever."

"You look beautiful," Ash said, pulling me close. I blushed, and a slightly mischievous look crossed his face. "I'm glad Fix was able to talk you out of jeans and a T-shirt."

I swatted his stomach with the back of my hand. He laughed softly, offering an arm, and together we walked through the long hallways of the Iron palace. Gremlins scurried over the walls and ceilings, cackling, and Iron knights lowered their heads as we passed. Hacker elves, Cog dwarves, wire nymphs and clockwork men all bowed as we went by, before continuing their duties. My Iron fey. It was hard to believe that a few years ago I was a normal teenager living in the Louisiana swamps, and the Iron fey were slowly making their move to destroy the Nevernever. Now I was their queen, and they, while not really welcome in the wyldwood and the other courts, were no longer considered abominations to be eradicated. So much had changed. I had changed, and so had everyone around me.

I snuck a glance at my knight, walking quietly at my side. He seemed truly at ease now, comfortable and content in the Iron palace. Though his gaze constantly swept our surroundings, taking everything in, and he watched every faery I spoke to with searing intensity, ready to spring into action if needed, he'd acclimated to the Iron Realm surprisingly well. I'd been worried at first, that he would miss Tir Na Nog and the Winter Court and would have a hard time adjusting to the alien nature of the Iron realm and the fey within it. But he'd slipped into his role here surprisingly well, almost like it was familiar. Like he'd done it all before.

And, strangely enough, maybe he had. I didn't know what Ash had gone through on his voyage to the End of the World to earn his soul. He'd told me the gist of it, without going into too many painful details, and what he had told me seemed almost too crazy to believe. One section in particular, the part where he'd seen a future version of us, he didn't speak of much at all. It wasn't that he was being evasive, but he'd explained that he didn't want to color our future with what-ifs and things that might never happen.

Truthfully, I wasn't worried. I knew he would tell me everything, down to the last detail, if I really wanted him to. But Ash was here, in the Iron Realm. He had found a way to survive, to be with me. That was all that really mattered.

"You're staring at me again," Ash murmured without turning his head, though one corner of his lips quirked up. His silver eyes danced mischievously. "Is it the uniform? Perhaps I should remove it if it's so distracting."

"Behave, Ash." I wrinkled my nose at him, smiling. "And don't think I don't know what you're doing. Your little ploy to get out of Elysium isn't going to-"

I gasped as, without warning, my stomach turned over and a bout of dizziness made the walls spin. I tried to say something to Ash, to ease the alarm and worry on his face, but the ground beneath my feet tilted, and the floor rushed up at me.

CHAPTER TWO

"Meghan!"

Groaning, I opened my eyes.

I lay on my back on the cold floor, the walls still swaying slightly, the last of the dizziness fading. Ash knelt beside me, his arms under my shoulders, gently easing me down. He'd caught me, of course, and was now watching me with a pale, alarmed expression. The hand suddenly gripping my own was painfully tight.

"Meghan."

"I'm...all right, Ash." Wincing, I sat up, breathing deep as the world went normal again. "I just...fainted, I guess." Well, that was humiliating. Here I was, the Queen of the Iron Fey, passing out in my own hall. Good thing we weren't in Tir Na Nog yet; showing weakness like that in front of the Unseelie was asking for trouble.

"Are you sick? What happened?" Ash took my elbow and gently helped me stand, eyes bright as he stared at me, appraising. "Should I call for a healer?"

"No. I'm fine." I put a hand on his arm, squeezing once. "It's nothing. I guess I've been working too hard lately. I feel perfectly all right now, promise."

"Maybe we shouldn't go to Elysium," Ash said, sounding unconvinced of my all-rightness. "Have Glitch send Mab and Oberon our apologies. If something is wrong-"

"No." I faced him, my voice firm. "I'm the Iron Queen, and this is something I cannot miss. It's not negotiable. I have to go."

"Meghan..."

"If I don't show up, it will make this realm look weak, and we can't afford that. You know what Mab will think, Ash. You, of all people, know what she's like."

Ash nodded once. "I know," he murmured darkly.

"I won't put my people in danger." Turning from him, I gazed down the hall, watching the gremlins and the Iron knights and the packrats and everyone. "I can't fail them, Ash," I said. "I won't. I won't have the other courts thinking the Iron Queen isn't strong enough to come to Elysium, to protect her own people."

"No one will ever think that." Ash stepped up behind me, his strong hands on my shoulders. "But you're going to Tir Na Nog no matter what I say, aren't you?" He sounded resigned, and I didn't have to answer. Sighing, he lowered his head, his lips brushing my ear. "I've never been able to stop you, my queen," he murmured, "but I do want you to know that I might be a little overprotective tonight. These are your people, so that makes them mine as well, but my first and only duty is to you. Always."

"Majesty!"

Glitch strode toward us before I could answer. Neon lightning snapped in his hair, throwing purple shadows over the walls as he bowed. "The carriages are here," the First Lieutenant said with a nod to Ash, who inclined his head in return. "We are ready to depart for Tir Na Nog, with your approval."

"Then let's go. We shouldn't keep Mab waiting." Before either of them could reply, I strode forward with my head up and my back straight as Fix had instructed. The walk of a queen, regal and confident. After a moment, Ash fell into step beside me. I could sense he wanted to say something, argue with me, but he kept silent and didn't bring it up again during the long, cold ride to Winter.

* * *

To put it mildly, the court of the Winter Queen was not my favorite place in the Nevernever. The last time I'd been to Tir Na Nog, I'd been a prisoner of Queen Mab and the Unseelie Court. My own doing, of course. It was part of a deal I'd made with Ash in exchange for getting my brother home safely. And though I'd do it all again if I had to, it was, as I remembered it, the worst few weeks of my life. Mab despised me, her middle son, Rowan, constantly tormented me and her Unseelie subjects either wanted to kill, freeze, torture or eat me.

Then there was Ash. He had been there as well, but he had turned cold and cruel, abandoning me to the mercy of his brother and queen. Or so I'd thought at the time. The Winter Court is brutal and unmerciful, viewing emotion as a weakness that must be destroyed. Ash had been keeping me safe the only way he knew how: by playing the part of a heartless Winter prince. He'd played it well; he'd hinted to me about how he would have to treat me when we got there, and I'd still believed his act wholeheartedly. I'd thought he had turned on me, used me, and my heart had broken into little pieces. I didn't realize until later how much Ash had sacrificed to keep me safe.

God, I was so naive, I thought, watching crystalline stalactites roll by the carriage windows. Mab's palace resided in an enormous icy cavern, the ceiling so high you couldn't see it through the darkness. I'm lucky I didn't get eaten the very first day I was there. If I could go back to that moment and talk to myself, I'd probably smack me. Thinking of that shy, uncertain girl now made me sigh. You can't afford to wear your heart on your sleeve anymore, Meghan. Not in the Winter Court. You're the Iron Queen now. You have a whole kingdom counting on you to be strong.

The palace came into view through the carriage windows, a pristine, glacial blue castle with ice hanging off every tower, coating every step, as beautiful as it was deadly. Just like its queen.

Who, admittedly, was not terribly pleased with me for marrying her favorite-and now only-son.

I looked at Ash, who was gazing toward the palace, his eyes distant and his face blank. Remembering, just like me. I felt a twinge of sadness, empathy and guilt. This had to be hard for him.

"Hey." I touched the back of his palm, where a gold band entwined with silver vines and leaves circled his third finger, a twin of my own. He turned almost guiltily, and I smiled at him. "You all right?"

"Yes." He nodded. "I'm fine. Just..." He nodded out the window, to the frozen spires looming above the rooftops, and shrugged. "Memories."

"Do you miss it?"

"The court? The squabbles and backstabbing and constantly having to watch what I said or did? Hardly." He snorted, and I smiled, relieved to hear it.

"But..." He sighed, looking out the window again. "There are some things that I miss. I lived here such a long time, I knew the Winter Court better than almost anyone. I still do. But now..." His brow furrowed. "Now, when I look at Tir Na Nog, all can I see are the missing pieces. The family who's no longer there. Sage is gone. Rowan is gone." His eyes clouded over, and I could feel his regret, the gnawing ache of remorse and guilt. "I never thought I would miss them," Ash mused in a soft voice. "I never thought...I would be the very last of my line."

I took his hand in both of mine, squeezing gently, the cool metal of his wedding band brushing my skin. "I'm sorry, Ash," I whispered, as his bright soulful gaze shifted to me. "I can't even imagine what that's like. I miss my family like crazy, and they're still alive."

"It's a little different." Ash gave me a faint smile, though his eyes were still shadowed. "Your family loves one another-you would do whatever it takes to keep them safe. My family...well, you've seen them. I could never drop my guard around my brothers, especially Rowan. And Mab..." He shook his head. "Mab was always the Winter Queen, and she never let us forget that."

"But you still miss them."

"Yes," he admitted. "I was still a part of that circle. It was familiar, safe. I belonged there. Even with all the cruel games we used to play, the countless times we used each other, I still knew that Rowan and Sage and Mab would always be there." He gazed down at his hand, still trapped in mine. "But things are different now. My brothers are gone, and the Winter Court will no longer welcome me, not like it did before."

"Feeling homesick?"

"Tir Na Nog is no longer my home." Ash finally looked up again, meeting my gaze. His eyes lightened, back to that gorgeous silver. "I'm whining, aren't I?" he said with a rueful look, and shook his head. "No, I'm not homesick. I might miss my kin, but my home is Mag Tuiredh, or wherever you wish to rule from. The Nevernever, the Iron Realm, even the mortal world, it doesn't matter to me. Meghan..." He shifted closer, closing the distance between us, and one hand rose to brush my cheek. "My home...is with you."

Dammit, don't cry, Meghan. I bit my lip to keep the tears in check. It would not do to show up to the Winter Court with blurry eyes, but sometimes Ash would surprise me with quiet, sincere statements like these and I couldn't help it.

"I'm sorry," he murmured, mistaking my tears for remorse, perhaps. "I'll stop talking about the Winter Court. I knew I had to come back and face Mab eventually. You shouldn't have to hear me go on and on about it-"

"Ash," I interrupted, placing a finger against his mouth, making him arch his brows. "Just kiss me."

He smiled. Slipping an arm around my shoulders, he drew me forward, lowered his head and brought his lips down to mine.

We kissed each other in that dark carriage, our lips moving in rhythm, both of us uncaring of the Unseelie city right outside the windows. Ash was gentle at first, keeping himself under control, but when I leaned against him, tracing kisses down his jaw, he groaned and tilted his head back, whispering my name. I pushed him into the corner, my hands tangling in his hair, his running the length of my back, pulling us closer. Our kisses were hungry now, devouring. My tongue parted his lips, sweeping inside; his pulled away to press to my neck, making me shiver and gasp. My hand slipped down his chest to his lean, hard stomach, and then slid beneath the fabric, tracing his ribs. He jerked, exhaling raggedly, before his cool lips seared over mine again.

Pulling back, he watched me, those clear silver eyes gleaming brightly in the darkness. "My queen," he breathed, one hand reaching up to frame my cheek, making my stomach jump and twirl. "I belong to you. No matter what Mab says, no matter how long I've been in Tir Na Nog, my life is yours. Nothing will ever make me leave your side."

"You're going to make me cry," I warned him, as my eyes went blurry again and his gorgeous face shifted in the darkness like water. "And Mab is either going to be very happy to see me in tears, or very disgusted with us." He laughed softly and drew me close, wrapping his arms around me in a fierce, protective way. His heart pounded beneath my fingers, and I felt the lightest brush of his lips against my ear.

"I love you, Meghan," he whispered, and I gave a tiny, happy sob, hiding my face in his shirt. Ash held me tight, resting his chin atop my head, gazing out the window. "I don't have to hide anything anymore," he murmured above me, sounding content and defiant at the same time. "Not from Mab, not from anyone. Let them talk and stare. This Elysium will be very different."

The carriage jerked and shuddered to a halt at the front gates of the Winter palace. Ash reluctantly let me go as I pulled back, composing myself for the ordeal ahead. The carriage driver hopped down from the seat and opened the door for us, letting in a swirl of chilly wind. Ash exited first, then turned to help me down.

"Ready for this?" I asked him as I stepped out into the cold, snowy courtyard. Icicles hung from everything, and the air was bitingly cold. Oh, yes, lovely Unseelie weather. I remembered this quite well. Glitch and a squad of Iron knights stepped forward, flanking us, ready to follow. Ash nodded, offering his arm, and together we stepped into Mab's cold, frozen domain.

The first thing I noticed, as we crossed the courtyard full of frozen statues and huge, multicolored crystals, was that it was full of Winter fey. Considering this was the heart of Unseelie territory, that wasn't surprising, but what made me wary was the fact that they were all staring at us. Sidhe nobles watched us with barely concealed smirks, goblins and redcaps followed us hungrily, though they still kept their distance from the knights, and bogies lurked in the shadows, watching intently as we passed.

Ash's grip on my arm was tight as we wove our way through the courtyard, ignoring and yet unable to ignore our inhuman audience. As we began climbing the steps into the palace, one of the sidhe nobles, a lanky faery with spiky crystalline hair, gave Ash a mocking salute and murmured a sarcastic "Prince." Ash didn't acknowledge him; his face stayed blank. The mask of the Winter prince.

It dawned on me what was happening. They were all here to see the new queen and her supposedly mortal husband. Not to be welcoming or polite; they were testing for weakness, wondering if this new, half-human queen would be easy to manipulate and take apart. And they were also here for Ash, to see if their former ice prince would be weak as a mere mortal. Which would make the queen he served weak, as well.

Oh, that had to end. Here and now. Not only for the future of my kingdom, but if Ash was to have any peace in Tir Na Nog, he was going to have to prove himself to his own people. Prove to everyone that neither the Iron Queen nor her knight-though both had mortal blood-were ever to be underestimated.

"Ash," I whispered as we neared the top of the steps. "Remember what I said this morning, about not getting into any duels?"

"Yes."

We'd reached the top of the steps, a few feet away from the open door into the hall, and I pulled him to a stop. Glitch and the knights paused as well, but I motioned for them to keep going. He gave me a worried look, but bowed and went through the arch, stopping on the other side to wait for us.

I turned to my knight, who looked vaguely worried, as well. "I take it back. The mob behind us is itching for trouble. I want you to oblige them."

Ash blinked. "You want me to start a fight?" he asked in disbelief. "Now?" When I nodded, he frowned, lowering his voice. "Mab and Oberon are expecting both of us," he said. "It might send the wrong message if you go in alone."

"I can handle them." I glanced at the crowd at the bottom of the steps, seeing their wide smirks, their hungry gazes, and felt my resolve grow. "I'm the Iron Queen-I should face the other rulers by myself first. And I want you to send another message, Ash. The Unseelie Court is no doubt wondering if their former prince is as strong as he was. They're curious to see if a mere mortal can protect himself and his queen in the Winter Court. If there is any doubt, word will spread, and the other courts might see the Iron Court as weak, easy to exploit." I reached out and squeezed his arm, smiling fiercely. "That doubt ends right here. I want you to make sure that everyone knows that we are not weak, that the Iron Queen's knight is not someone to cross. Ever."

Ash's eyes gleamed, the shadow of an evil grin crossing his face. "As you command, my queen," he said in a low voice, barely hiding his glee. "I will carry out your wishes. Please send Mab and Oberon my apologies. I will rejoin you as soon as I am able."

I nodded and went through the door, nodding at Glitch to follow, leaving my knight to turn and face the trailing crowd. I heard the rasp of his ice-blade as it was unsheathed, and the shouts of the mob in the courtyard. Footsteps scuffled over the ground, no doubt Winter fey scrambling to attack...or flee. I felt an icy burst of glamour, probably from Ash, and another yell of utter shock.

"What are you?" something howled, and then there was a crash, and the sound of shattered icicles tinkling to the ground. Laughter rang out, Ash's laughter, jubilant and defiant, making me pause.

What are you?

A good question. One that I'd asked myself on more then one occasion. Physically, Ash was no different than before; lean and graceful, with the same command of Winter magic and sword skills that made him such a lethal warrior. He was still fierce, loyal, protective and could level an icy glare that could make your insides freeze. In that regard, he hadn't changed.

And yet, sometimes, he was so different. It would be insane to ever think of Ash as soft, but the frozen shell that had always surrounded the Winter prince was gone. He was...kinder now, able to empathize in ways he couldn't as a pure Unseelie. There were times when he seemed so human in little, subtle ways I'd never noticed before, that I'd forget he had ever belonged to the Winter Court.

It made me wonder. Was Ash human like me, a mortal with faery glamour and magic left over from his life as a Winter prince? Or was he still fey? A faery...with a human soul?

I didn't know. And really, I didn't care. Ash was Ash. You couldn't put a descriptor on him; there was no one who had done what he had, no other like him in the entire realm of Faery. He was...unique.

Another yell echoed through the door. I continued down the hall with Glitch and the knights as the clamor of battle rang out behind me, followed by howls of pain and dismay. And I smiled to myself. Whatever Ash was, he was the best at what he did. It wouldn't take him long.

* * *

This year's Elysium was held in Queen Mab's ballroom, and the place was already filled with fey. I left Glitch and the knights in the hall just outside the entrance, and an Unseelie herald announced my arrival in clear, high tones: "Her majesty Meghan Chase, monarch of Mag Tuiredh, sovereign of the Iron territories and Queen of the Iron Fey."

He paused, as if expecting to announce Ash as well, but of course Ash was not with me at the moment. After a heartbeat, the herald nodded, and I stepped into the room, to the stares of dozens of fey.

A long white table waited at the end of the room, with three figures already seated and two empty spots farther down. Queen Mab, King Oberon and Queen Titania waited for me as I walked across the room, my back straight and my chin held high.

"Meghan Chase." Mab's greeting could not exactly be called a welcome. The Unseelie monarch sat in the middle of the table, her long black hair styled elegantly atop her head, pinned in place with icicles. "How fortuitous of you to join us."

"Queen Mab," I said politely, and nodded to my father, to her left. "Lord Oberon, Lady Titania." The Summer Queen pursed her lips and pointedly ignored me, but Oberon gave a solemn bob of his head. Not unfriendly, but not really acknowledging me as a daughter, either. I stifled a sigh. This was going to be a long night.

"Where is Ash?" Mab inquired, her dark gaze flicking to the door behind me. "Has he not come? Is he not anxious to see his old court and kith?" Her voice lowered, turned slightly dangerous. "Has he forgotten us so quickly?"

"No, Queen Mab. Ash is here." I was quick to reassure her, knowing Mab took insult easily and held grudges forever. "He was...held up...for a few minutes in the courtyard. I'm sure he'll be here soon."

"I see." Mab sat back, apparently mollified. "Good. I wish to hear how Ash is getting along in the poisoned realm."

I was about to reply that Ash was doing just fine, thank you, when every light in the place-torches, the icicle chandeliers, flickering blue candles in the columns-sputtered and went out.

Snarls and cries of alarm filled the air. Chairs overturned as fey leaped to their feet, drawing weapons and glaring into the shadows. I spun, searching for hidden dangers, for anything stupid or crazy enough to attack during Elysium when the most powerful fey in all the Nevernever were in the very same room.

"Silence!" Mab stood up, her voice booming through the darkness, and instantly everything went completely mute. You could've heard a pin drop. "Whoever is responsible for this will soon wish they had never been born," she rasped into the still darkness. "You will not embarrass me in my own court in the midst of Elysium. Show yourself, now!"

She waved her hand, and lights sprang up again, candles and chandeliers flaring to life. The faeries in the room blinked and cringed and glanced around, wary of attackers and one another.

They didn't immediately notice the old woman standing in the middle of the room, where nothing had been before. But I spotted her almost at once, and my stomach went cold with dread.

The oracle, ragged, dusty and as brittle as old newspaper, turned the hollow pits of her eyes on me and didn't look away. I heard Titania's sharp gasp, just as the other fey discovered the ancient creature standing in their midst and surged away from her like she had a disease. But the oracle's sightless gaze never wavered, and she seemed to float over the ground like a dusty wraith, until she stood a few yards from me.

"Oracle," Mab stated in a flat voice. "Why are you here? What is the meaning of this disturbance?"

The oracle ignored the Winter monarch, however, drifting closer to me. "Meghan Chase," she whispered, and the stench of centuries-old dust filled the air, the smell of a grave or a tomb. "Iron Queen. Do you remember me?"

"What do you want, Oracle?" I stood tall, keeping my voice calm.

"Old Anna brings a warning," the oracle whispered. "One that has been ignored before. Do you remember what I told you, Meghan Chase? You and your Winter prince. Do you recall what I said would happen?"

A murmur went around the room, and Mab's glare sharpened; I could feel it searing into the back of my head. Goose bumps prickled over my skin, but I kept my voice firm. "No," I said, taking a step forward. "You told us a lot of things, and I gave you what I could. I did what I had to do, to save my family. That's all that was important."

"You remember," the oracle insisted. "Do you not? The one thing you refused to give up. That which would cause you nothing but grief. Do you remember now, Meghan Chase?"

For second, I didn't know what she was talking about.

Then it hit me, and were it not for the hundreds of fey watching, including the rulers of the other courts, I would have fallen as my knees gave out. I remembered her words, so long ago, when I had first come to Faery. I had traded away a memory for her help, but that wasn't the only thing the oracle had wanted.

"You will not give it up, even though it will bring you nothing but grief?"

"Oh, God," I whispered, and my hand slipped to my stomach. The nausea, the sudden weakness and fainting spells. It couldn't be.

"Yes," the oracle whispered, and raised a withered hand, pointing at me. "You know of what I speak. And you have a decision to make, Iron Queen. What you carry will either unite the courts, or it will destroy them. I have seen it. I know one of these will come to pass."

"No," I said in a shaky voice. No one in the room seemed to hear us now. It was as if we were in our own small world, the oracle and myself, and everything around us had faded into obscurity.

The withered hag watched me with the pitiless holes in her face. "You know I speak the truth, Meghan Chase," the oracle went on. "You know the great power resting inside you. Power that can destroy, turn everything we know into dust. But all is not lost." She raised a shriveled claw. "I have a proposition for you. We must speak further, but not here. Not like this." She drew back, the hollow pits of her eyes never leaving my face. "Time is of the essence. Find me. You have friends who will show you the way. I will be awaiting you, and your decision."

A sudden wind rushed through the ballroom, resnuffing candles and causing a few chandeliers to crash to the ground in a ringing cacophony. Fey jumped and howled, and by the time Mab restored order and reignited the lights again, the oracle was gone.

CHAPTER THREE

"Explain yourself, Iron Queen!"

Shivering, I turned to face the Unseelie monarch, on her feet and glaring at me over the table. Mab's eyes glittered with distrust, and Oberon didn't look very reassuring, either. Titania, of course, was staring at me like she was hoping my head would explode.

But they were the least of my worries, now. The oracle's words rang through my head, over and over again, staggering me with the implications.

You know the great power resting inside you.

What you carry will either unite the courts, or it will destroy them.

You have a decision to make, Iron Queen. Find me.

"I have to go."

That wasn't well received. Mab straightened, every inch of her bristling with offense. "You dare, Iron Queen?" she asked in her scary soft voice. "You dare insult me in my own court? In front of my own people?" Her black eyes narrowed, and she leaned across the table, coating the glasses with frost. "You will tell me what is happening, or you will prepare for the wrath of Winter."

I stared her down. "No, Queen Mab. You will not threaten me or my kingdom for this." Mab didn't move, but I could sense her shock; the daughter of Oberon was no longer a cowering little girl. I gestured to the room behind us. "You heard what the oracle said-this affects all the courts, not just my own. I will not adhere to some ridiculous, outdated protocol when my realm could be in danger."

"The girl is right, Lady Mab," Oberon said, finally coming to my defense. Better late than never, I supposed. "A Summons from the oracle cannot be ignored. If she knows something that threatens the stability of the courts, we must be prepared."

"And what of Ash?" Mab snapped, a bit peevishly now. "I have not seen my son in months. The Iron Queen makes decisions that affects them both. What does Ash think of all this?"

"Ash," said a cool, deep voice, suddenly at my shoulder, "stands with the decision of his queen."

I didn't move, though my heart leaped and I wanted to glance at him in relief. But I kept my gaze on the Unseelie monarch in front of us. "Ash," Mab said, switching her attention to my knight, standing tall at my side, "you have not been home in months. Do you not care that your queen is breaking the ancient traditions of Elysium? Do you not care that she would pit you against your own court, if it came to war between us?"

I felt a blaze of fury at the Unseelie Queen's manipulative ways, but Ash's voice remained calm. "This is not my home any longer," Ash said in a clear voice, making sure everyone heard him. "And if it came to war, I would be the first on the front lines, defending the Iron Court."

Mab looked stunned. I took advantage of her silence to bow and step back. "We'll be taking our leave now," I told the rulers of Faery, ignoring my pounding heart. Of the three, only Oberon nodded. Titania snorted in disgust, and Mab continued to watch me with her dark, eerie glare. "I apologize for the inconvenience, Queen Mab, but we must return to Mag Tuiredh. Please excuse us."

And, without waiting for an answer, I turned and left the ballroom with Ash at my side, feeling the Winter Queen's frosty gaze skewering the back of my neck.

* * *

That was the easy part.

As soon as we were in the hallway, out of sight and sound of the rulers, Ash turned on me, silver eyes bright. "I heard the commotion in the ballroom," he said, his voice low and intense, nothing like the cool, composed nonchalance he had shown in front of Mab. "What happened? Why are we leaving Elysium? What's going on, Meghan?"

My legs were shaking. Now that I was away from the rulers, the oracle's words came back in a rush, threatening to drown me. I couldn't think, couldn't explain. I needed time to compose myself, to sort this out. Ash had to know, he was the other part of this equation, but the Unseelie Court was not the place to break this kind of news. I couldn't tell him now. Not like this.

"Home, Ash," I said finally, desperate to get out of Tir Na Nog, back to the familiar comfort of my realm. "Please. I'll tell you everything when we get home."

He wasn't happy, but conceded to my wishes, though I could feel his eyes on me the entire ride back to Mag Tuiredh.

How am I going to tell him? What is he going to think about all this? I gazed out the window, Ash's worried, intense stare burning my cheek. Oh, Ash, I wanted this day to come, but I never thought something from our past would come back to haunt us. What are we going to do now?

Glitch didn't say anything when the carriage pulled to a halt outside the palace, and no one tried to stop me as I strode down the halls; even the gremlins, who would normally swarm around me like happy, psychotic puppies whenever I entered a room, kept their distance. Only Ash kept pace with me, saying nothing, though I knew that would end the second we reached our chambers. I still didn't know how I was going to tell him.

Beau glanced up from the bed as we entered the room, thumping his tail against the mattress. I went to the dog and scratched him behind the ears, still trying to collect my scattered thoughts. He pushed his nose against my palm and whined, and I buried my face in his soft fur. My heart was going a mile a minute, and my stomach twisted nervously as Ash's footsteps followed me into the room.

"All right," Ash said, closing the door firmly behind us, "I've kept quiet long enough. What's going on, Meghan? What happened at Elysium?"

My mouth went dry. With Beau trailing worriedly behind me, I walked to the glass doors across the room, opened them and stepped onto the balcony, breathing in the night air. Far below, Mag Tuiredh, the city of the Iron fey, sparkled under the full moon. My city. My Iron fey. The realm I had sworn to protect from any and all threats, from without...and within.

What you carry will either unite the courts, or it will destroy them.

"Meghan." Ash was behind me in the door frame, his voice firm yet pleading. "Please. Tell me what's happening."

I took a deep breath and walked back into the bedroom.

"I... We had an unexpected visitor," I began. Ash came to my side, not bothering to shut the balcony doors, and a cold breeze ruffled the curtains. "In the ballroom. It was the oracle. She showed up out of nowhere and freaked everyone out. Do you remember her?"

"I remember," Ash said, sounding puzzled. "New Orleans. We went to that cemetery to get a Token for her, to exchange for your memory. The Church Grim chased us all the way to the edge of the grounds. What did she tell you?"

I gripped the back of a chair to keep myself upright. My heart was pounding against my ribs, and I could barely get the words out. "She...she came to me with a warning. She reminded me that the thing that I refused to give up will bring me nothing but grief. That-" my stomach cartwheeled; I swallowed hard and continued in a whisper "-that what I'm carrying will either unite the courts, or destroy them."

"What you're..." Ash stopped. Stared at me. I felt the energy in the room shift the moment he got it.

"Meghan." His voice was calm, controlled, but so many emotions swirled just below the surface. "Are...are you...pregnant?"

I shivered and closed my eyes, not knowing whether to laugh or cry or scream. "I think so."

Ash exhaled slowly. I heard him sit, rather suddenly, on the bed.

Silence fell. Beau whined and nudged his hand, but when that yielded no reaction, he hopped up and sank down next to him with a groan, laying his head on his paws. I closed my eyes and waited.

"What else did the oracle say?" Ash finally whispered, sounding dazed.

"She has a proposition for me," I replied, afraid to turn around, to face him. Afraid that I would see fear, dismay or disappointment in his eyes. "She wants me to find her, said that I have 'friends who can show me the way.' She said she'll be waiting for me, and my decision."

"Decision?" I heard the frown in his voice. "What kind of decision?"

"She didn't say." I was shaking, trying to hold back frustrated tears. I needed to be strong, but I had just received the news that I was pregnant, and not only that, my child could end up destroying everything I'd worked so hard to protect. To top it all off, I didn't know if Ash wanted a kid, or was ready for a kid, or if I was ready for a kid. "I didn't have a chance to ask about the details," I said, attempting to keep my voice steady. "After reminding me of that little prophecy, she disappeared, and I decided it was time to go home, screw what the other rulers thought."

"Hey." Ash's low, soothing voice finally made me turn around. He sat on the edge of the mattress, his eyes and face calm, and held out a hand. "Come here a second."

I stepped forward and put my hand in his. He drew me close and wrapped his arms around my waist, pressing his forehead to my stomach. "I'm here," he murmured, as I gave a shaky sob and bent over him, hugging him in relief. "You're not alone in this. We'll figure it out."

I buried my face in his hair, letting the cool, soft strands brush my cheeks. He was my rock, the one thing I could lean on when the world was crumbling around me. "I guess I made a rather strong impression for my first Elysium as queen," I murmured, finally starting to feel a bit steadier, like the ground wasn't cracking under my feet. "I just hope I'm invited back after this. Mab is never going to forgive me for walking out on her."

I felt him smile. "She'll get over it."

"You think so?"

"Not really."

I groaned, and we both fell silent.

We stayed like that for a while, holding each other, offering comfort and support, yet lost in our own thoughts. Ash was quiet; I wondered what he was thinking, if he was pleased or terrified at the notion of becoming a father. Not only that, the father to a child who might or might not grow up to destroy the courts. How did one reconcile that? Was there a way to ever be prepared for something that extreme?

I couldn't ask him yet. I still didn't know how I felt about it.

"When do you want to leave?" Ash murmured at length. And his voice, though it shook ever so slightly in the beginning, was steady by the end. I took a deep breath.

"Tonight," I said. "I don't think I'll be able to sleep until this whole thing is resolved." He nodded, and I pulled away to pace the room. Ash watched quietly from the bed. "Though, I'm not even sure how to find the oracle," I mused, turning to face him. "She didn't say where she would be. I guess we could go back to the Voodoo Museum in New Orleans-"

"You will not find her there, human."

I spun, my heart leaping at the familiar, bored voice. Through the open doors, silhouetted against the night sky, a furry gray cat perched on the balcony, watching us with moonlike golden eyes.

At the sight of the intruder, Beau jerked upright, bristling and showing his teeth. He tensed to lunge, but Ash put a hand on his neck and murmured a quiet word, and Beau calmed instantly, sinking back to the bed. The gray cat yawned, unimpressed, and gave his paw a couple licks.

"Hello, Iron Queen." Grimalkin sighed, as if this meeting was encroaching on his valuable time. "We meet yet again. Sooner than I had anticipated, but I suppose it is to be expected." He shook his furry head, contemplating us both. "Why is it that neither of you can manage to stay out of trouble for a single season?"

Ash rose from the mattress, his expression wary and puzzled. "How did you get in here, cat?" he asked, frowning. Grimalkin sniffed.

"I climbed."

"That's not what I meant."

It hit me then, what Ash was saying. "Wait a minute," I echoed, striding out to the balcony, where the cat regarded me lazily. "How are you able to be here, Grim? You're not an Iron faery, you still can't be in Mag Tuiredh without being poisoned, and I'm certain you didn't take that journey to the End of the World for yourself." Grimalkin snorted, as if such a thought was highly offensive. "How are you doing this?" I continued, frowning at him. "And if you say 'I am a cat,' I swear I will throw you off this balcony."

Grimalkin sneezed with amusement. "Worry not, human," he stated, slitting his eyes at me. "I am in no danger. It is all part of the deal I worked out with the former Iron lieutenant."

"Ironhorse?"

"Mmm, yes." Grimalkin scrubbed a paw over his ear. "You can say his...hmm...spirit still inhabits the amulet I procured, that as long as it remains intact, I am exempt from the poison of the Iron Realm." He yawned again, curling his whiskers. "I do not know how long it will last, how much time I have left in the Iron Realm, but the former lieutenant was one of the stronger fey, after all. His last wish was to protect you, even if he could not be there himself." He sniffed and yawned again, showing a flash of pointed teeth. "Still, I doubt it will last forever, and I certainly do not intend to stay here any longer than I have to. Time is of the essence." Flicking his tail, he gazed up at me. "Shall we get on with it, then?"

"Then, you know," Ash said from behind me. "You know about the oracle's prophecy."

"You humans are so very adept at stating the obvious."

"Do you know where she is?" I asked. "Where we're going?"

Grimalkin blinked at me. "I do," he purred, holding my gaze. "And I will ask no favor to lead you there. That has already been taken care of. I am to guide the Iron Queen, her knight and one other through the wyldwood, to a place called the Wishing Tree."

I could tell by the way Ash went motionless that he knew about this place. "What's the Wishing Tree?" I asked, looking back at him.

"Do you really wish to stand around and discuss it?" Grimalkin said before Ash could reply. "We are wasting time. We must meet one other before the night is out, and if we do not hurry, we will miss our window. Let us go." He stood, waving his plumed tail. "I will be waiting for you at the southern edge of the wyldwood, past the bridge into the Iron Realm. Do hurry, human."

And, in true Grimalkin fashion, he vanished.

Ash and I spared only a few minutes to change-me into jeans and a sweater, him into his long black coat-and to privately call Glitch into the room. The First Lieutenant was not happy about me traipsing off into the wyldwood in the middle of the night. I was the Iron Queen; I had responsibilities to my people and my realm. What if I didn't come back?

"I'll be back," I assured him, grabbing my sword from the wall and buckling it around my waist. The curved steel blade settled comfortably against my hip. You could never be too careful in the wyldwood. "Ash will be with me. There's nothing out there that will keep us from returning. I have to do this, Glitch. I can't explain it, but I have to go. I'm trusting you to take care of things while we're gone."

Glitch looked unconvinced, but bowed. "Yes, your majesty."

Beau whined and nudged my hand. I knelt to scratch the dog behind the ears. "You be good, too," I told him. "Take care of Glitch and Razor while we're gone, okay?"

Beau panted and wagged his tail. I gave him one last pat and rose, the breeze from the open glass doors ruffling my hair.

"Let's go," I told Ash, who waited quietly next to the balcony, sword at his side. "I don't want to be away longer than we have to."

I walked onto the balcony and put my hands on the railing, ignoring the city spread like a map of stars below. Instead, I closed my eyes, calling up my glamour, the magic of Summer and Iron that swirled through every part of me, tying me to the realm. It was the essence of science, logic and technology, but also nature and warmth and life. It was how I could look at a clock and see every intricate gear that made it turn and function, but also the painstaking attention to detail that fit beauty and function together seamlessly. It was how I could listen to a song and hear the rigid lines and perfectly timed notes that made up the score, carefully woven through the pure emotion of the music itself.

And it was how I could sense my Iron fey. How, by focusing my consciousness outward, I could feel their thoughts and know what they were doing.

I sent my glamour through the castle, invisible tendrils reaching out, searching. I felt Glitch, walking back into the hall, his worry for me carefully concealed. I sensed the guards, standing rigid at their posts, unaware that something was wrong. I caught frantic blips of movement from the gremlins, scurrying about the palace walls, constantly looking for trouble. I kept searching, moving through the walls, searching up and up until...there. On the far eastern tower, hanging sleepily from the rough stones, were the creatures I was looking for.

I sent a gentle pulse through our connection and felt them respond, buzzing excitedly as they woke up. Opening my eyes, I stepped back from the railing, and a moment later two insectlike gliders crawled down the wall and perched on the edge of the balcony, blinking huge, multifaceted eyes at us.

I glanced at Ash. "Ready?"

He nodded. "After you."

I walked to the edge of the balcony, held my arms out from my sides, and one of the gliders immediately crawled up my back, curling thin jointed legs around my middle. Stepping over the railing, I gripped the insect's front legs and dove off the tower, feeling a rush of wind snap at my hair. The glider's wings caught the air currents, swooping upward, and we soared over Mag Tuiredh, its distant lights glimmering far below.

Ash swooped down beside me, his own glider buzzing excitedly at mine, as if they hadn't seen each other in days rather than seconds. He gave me an encouraging nod, and we turned the gliders in the direction of the wyldwood.

CHAPTER FOUR

The Wishing Tree, as I learned from Ash, was one of those oddities in the Nevernever that sounded too good to be true. And, like the old saying warned, it usually was. The tree stood in one of the deepest regions of the wyldwood and was probably as old as the Nevernever itself. There were stories about humans going on quests to find it, for the legend stated that if you could get past the dragon or giant snake or whatever nasty thing was guarding the tree, you could wish for anything your heart desired.

But of course, as with all things in Faery, a wish never turned out the way the wisher expected. A dead lover might be brought back to life with no memory, or married to a rival. The wealth the wisher asked for might belong to someone else, someone very large, very powerful and very angry. Wishing for someone to fall in love with you almost ensured that they would die soon after, or become so manically obsessed, all you wanted to do was escape them, cursing the day you ever heard about the tree.

"So, why does Grimalkin want to meet us there?" I asked, as we landed our gliders a little way from the edge of the Iron Realm. As the new treaty dictated, no Iron fey could cross the border into the wyldwood without permission from Summer or Winter. As Iron Queen, I could probably have ignored the rule this once, but the peace treaty was still new, and I didn't want to rock the boat, so I would oblige them for now. The gliders made disappointed clicking sounds when I told them to go home, but eventually went swooping back toward Mag Tuiredh. "I hope he doesn't expect us to make a wish on the thing," I continued, as Ash scanned the surroundings, wary and alert as always. "I've learned my lesson, thanks. I'd rather go to tea with Mab than make a wish on something called the Wishing Tree in the middle of the Nevernever."

"You have no idea how relieved I am to finally hear you say that." Ash was still gazing around the clearing, looking solemn apart from the grin in his voice. When I glared at him, he turned, and the smile finally broke through. "I don't think we'll have to worry about that," he said easily. "Though I would still advise you to be cautious. This is Grimalkin we're talking about, after all."

"Yeah." I sighed as he closed the distance between us, not touching, but always close. "And he won't tell us anything until he's good and ready and I'm about to strangle him."

Ash's smile faded as he raised his head, tilting it to the side as though listening for something. "Do you hear that?" he asked.

We fell silent. Through the trees, faint at first but growing steadily louder, voices rose into the air-shouts and curses, mixed with the clang of weapons.

"Sounds like a fight," Ash stated calmly, and I exhaled. Of course it was. This was the Nevernever, where nothing was ever simple.

"Come on," I muttered, drawing my sword, "we'd better see what's happening. I swear though, if I catch any more Winter knights this close to the border, Mab is going to get an earful."

* * *

We headed into the trees, which quickly grew dark and tangled as the Iron Realm faded into the uniform murk of the wyldwood. The sounds of battle grew louder, more consistent, until we finally broke through the trees and stood at the edge of the wyldwood proper. A large chasm ran the length of the perimeter, separating the wyldwood from the Iron Realm, and a bridge spanned the gulf between territories. At one point, the bridge had been made of wood, but the wyldwood kept dragging it down, as if it didn't want anyone coming or going into the Iron Realm. So finally, I'd spoken to my father, King Oberon, and another bridge had been constructed, this time made of stone and fashioned in place by trolls and rock dwarves. Moss and vines still curled around the heavy posts and railings, but dwarves knew stonework better than anyone, and this bridge wasn't going anywhere for a long time.

Just as well.

A fight raged in the middle of that bridge-at least, I thought it was a fight. It might've been a crazy, twirling dance for all I knew. A hoard of small, dark faeries in wooden masks jabbered and danced around a tall figure in the center of the bridge. Spear points flashed, and I realized the little men were trying to stab the stranger, who was doing a fantastic job of dodging or blocking every strike with his daggers. His hair gleamed a shocking red in the darkness, and my heart leaped to my throat.

"Puck!"

The redheaded faery in the middle of the chaos shot me a quick glance. "Oh, hey, Meghan!" Robin Goodfellow paused a split second to wave before dodging back as a midget stabbed at him. "Small world! And ice-boy's here, too! What a coincidence, I was just coming to look for you. Hey!" He ducked as a spear flew over his head. "Jeez, take it easy, you guys! I already told you, it was a simple misunderstanding." The midgets chattered angrily and surged forward, jabbing with their weapons. Puck grimaced. "Uh, ice-boy, a little help?"

Ash instantly drew his arm back and sent a flurry of ice daggers spinning toward the bridge, striking several of the small figures, though not hard enough to kill them. They shrieked and whirled on us, dark eyes flashing, then bounded forward with raised spears.

I tensed, but at the edge of the Iron Realm, they skidded to a halt, gazing up at me with wide eyes. Crowding close, they jabbered to one another in that strange, unfamiliar language before turning to shout something to the few who still swarmed around Puck. They paused, then came forward to babble at one another in low voices, pointing fingers at me, then Puck.

"What's going on?" I whispered to Ash, who was following the strange conversation with a slight frown. He sighed.

"They're Aluxob," he said, to my utter confusion. "Mayan nature spirits. They protect the ancient forests of the Maya, but are usually fairly tolerant of outsiders." He shot a look at Puck. "Unless the trespasser does something to anger or insult them."

"Ah."

"What do you mean, 'ah'?" Puck said, still keeping a wary eye on his former attackers. "I told them before, it was a teensy tiny misunderstanding with an old headdress and an ancient burial ground. How was I supposed to know it was so important?"

"Puck-" I groaned, but one of the small men had crept close, watching us carefully. As I waited, he gave a jerky bow.

"Goddess?" he asked in a clear, high-pitched voice. "You...goddess of place, yes?"

I looked down at the tiny men, keeping a straight face even as I recalled the line from a favorite movie. When someone asks you if you're a god, you say...yes!

"I am Meghan Chase, Queen of the Iron Realm. What do you want here?"

"Command," the Alux-whatever went on, pointing back to Puck. "Command this one. Return to us what was stolen. Return, and we go."

Ash sighed and shook his head. I blinked at the midget, then turned to glare at Puck. "What did you steal?"

"I didn't steal it," Puck said, sounding affronted. "I was just borrowing it for a while. I was going to give it back."

"Puck!"

"Okay, okay. Jeez." Reaching back, Puck pulled a long feather out of his hair. It shimmered as it caught the light, a rainbow of different colors, shifting gorgeously in the wind. Begrudgingly, he handed it to the nearest little man, who snatched it from his fingers, scowling. "Man, take one feathered serpent's wingtip and you're marked for life. It's not like they don't shed them every decade or so."

The Aluxob bared their teeth at Puck, bowed to me and, as quickly as they had come, melted back into the trees. We watched until their small forms had completely disappeared into the tangled shadows, leaving the three of us standing alone at the edge of the wyldwood.

For a few heartbeats, we just stared at each other. The last time I'd seen Puck, I had been normal Meghan Chase, the girl he'd looked after for years at the command of my father, Oberon. That was before I nearly died saving Faery from the false king, took the throne for myself and married Puck's archrival. Before I became the Iron Queen.

Things were different now. After the final battle, Puck had vanished, first to help Ash in his quest to earn a soul, then disappearing from the Nevernever completely. No one knew where he'd gone, but I suspected he'd wanted to put some distance between us, take some time to think. I'd desperately hoped to see him again soon, if only to let him know how grateful I was. Puck had loved me, but he'd gone with Ash to help him earn a soul so that his archrival could return to the Iron Realm to be with me. Robin Goodfellow, for all his pranks and mischief, was the sweetest, most noble person I'd ever known, and I'd missed him terribly.

"Well." Puck finally broke the silence, scratching the back of his neck. "This is awkward. And here I thought I would have to rescue you and ice-boy from something again. That's normally how these little reunions go." He gave me a sheepish grin and stood uncomfortably next to the bridge, shoving his hands into his pockets. "Not sure what to do here, your highness. I'd give you a hug, but that might not be proper, and bowing just seems weird. Think I'll just stand here and wave. Or, I could give you a salute-"

Shaking my head, I walked up to him, reached out and pulled him into a hug. He hesitated only a second, then returned it tightly.

"Hey, princess," he murmured as we drew apart, and I smiled at his old, stupid nickname for me. It seemed everything was back to normal between us, or at least on its way. His gaze flickered to Ash, who stood by calmly, watching us both. I spared a glance at my knight, but there was nothing cold or hostile in his expression. He almost appeared happy to see Puck. Almost.

"We missed you at the wedding," he said.

"Yeah." Puck shrugged. "I was in Kyoto at the time, visiting some old kitsune friends. We were traveling up to Hokaido to check out this old temple that was supposedly haunted. Turns out, a yuki-onna had taken up residence there and had scared off most of the locals. She wasn't terribly happy to see us. Can you believe it?" He grinned. "Course, we, uh, might've pissed her off when the temple caught fire-you know how kitsune are. She chased us all the way to the coast, throwing icicles, causing blizzards...the old hag even tried burying us under an avalanche. We almost died." He sighed dreamily and looked at Ash. "You should've been there, ice-boy."

"So, how did you end up here?" I asked, promising myself to get the rest of that story out of him later. Right now, I needed to focus on what we were doing.

Puck scratched the side of his face. "Well, after the, erm, misunderstanding in Hokaido, I decided I should probably put some distance between myself and temperamental snow-maidens. So, I headed out to Belize and was poking around these cool Mayan ruins, when all of a sudden the oracle pops in outta nowhere, being all mysterious and spooky. I think she tried to scare me with the dust and the light show, but I've seen so many things jump out and go boo, it's just kinda sad, now."

I started. "The oracle?"

"Yeah." He shrugged. "She said I needed to hightail it back to the Nevernever, because you and ice-boy were gonna need my help soon. Didn't give me much else to go on, only that the three of us had to be together to get past some big nasty coming up in our future. Naturally, I thought the two of you had gotten into some kind of trouble, so here I am. Uh, minus a few hitchhikers I picked up in Belize." Puck crossed his arms, giving me an appraising look. "So, what's the big emergency, princess? You and ice-boy look fine to me, and the Nevernever isn't crumbling around us. What's going on?"

"I'm pregnant, Puck," I said quietly, and watched his eyebrows shoot into his hair. Briefly, I explained what had happened at Elysium, the oracle's mysterious appearance and invitation, and Grimalkin's instruction to meet him at the Wishing Tree. By the time I was done, Puck was still staring at me openmouthed, struck mute for maybe the second time in his life, and I would've laughed if the situation wasn't so serious.

"Oh," he finally managed. "That's, uh...wow. That's not something you hear every day. Not exactly what I was expecting, though the entire prophecy thing does get old after a while." He shook himself, seeming to regain his composure, and glanced at Ash. "So, it's the ever so popular Firstborn Child of Doom prophecy, huh, ice-boy? How very cliche. Why can't it ever be the third nephew twice removed who's fated to destroy the world?"

I felt a twinge of exasperation that Puck was being so flippant about a very serious matter, again...but that was Puck. His way of coping with the situation. I guess you couldn't blame him. I had just dropped a rather large bombshell in his lap; it wasn't every day that your best friend told you she was pregnant with the future Destroyer of the World.

Oh, great, now I'm making jokes.

Ash gave Puck a weary look. "We don't know anything yet," he said, glancing at me as if he knew what I was thinking. "We have to find the oracle and see what she can tell us, what she's offering. Until then, it's useless to worry about something that hasn't happened yet."

I marveled that he could be so calm. Did he know something I didn't, something he had glimpsed in that future version of us? But that couldn't be right; surely he would tell me if he'd seen something like that: our child growing up to destroy the courts. That was kind of a big thing not to mention.

Or was that all a part of the "future what-ifs" he didn't want to talk about?

"Well," Puck said cheerfully, forcing a rather pained smile, "it's just like old times, isn't it? You, me, ice-boy, the future of the Nevernever hanging in the balance...we just have to wait for Furball to show up and then it'll be perfect."

"He is already here, Goodfellow," came a familiar voice behind us, sounding bored and offended all at once. "Where he has been for much of the conversation, waiting for you to see past the end of your nose."

"Yep." Puck sighed as we all turned to face Grimalkin. "Just like old times."

CHAPTER FIVE

"So...why are we going to the Wishing Tree again?" Puck asked as we followed Grimalkin through a section of the wyldwood that was even darker and more tangled than most. Trees crowded together and vines and branches interlocked like clutching fingers to block the path. It would've been difficult to navigate, except the tangled vegetation shifted and uncoiled to let us through as I approached. The Nevernever recognized a queen of Faery; Ash had explained when this first happened. The rulers of the courts were all, in some way, tied to the land, and the Nevernever responded to their very presence, even out here in the wyldwood.

"Oy, Furball," Puck called when Grimalkin ignored him. "I know you can hear me. Why are we going to the freaking Wishing Tree, of all places? Is creepy oracle lady going to meet us there?"

"She is not."

"She is not," Puck repeated, wrinkling his nose. "Of course she's not. That would make too much sense, right?" Grimalkin didn't answer, and Puck rolled his eyes. "So, where is she meeting us, cat?"

"The Dreaming Pool."

"Okay, if anyone else is as confused as me, raise your hand," Puck said, putting his arm in the air. "Do I have to ask the obvious question, then? If she's meeting us at the Dreaming Pool, why the heck are we going to the Wishing Tree?"

Grimalkin looked over his shoulder, twitching his tail disdainfully. "I would have thought the answer obvious, Goodfellow," he said in a very slow, annoyed voice. "If you recall, the Dreaming Pool lies somewhere in the Briars. Very deep in the Briars, and never in the same place twice. To reach it normally, one very nearly has to stumble upon it by accident. And I do not wish to go floundering about the thorns with the lot of you for who knows how long. The Wishing Tree will get us there much faster."

"How? Don't tell me you're gonna wish us there." Puck looked faintly alarmed for a second, and glanced at Ash. "That didn't work out so well for us last time, huh, ice-boy?"

I blinked at them in shock, but Ash snorted. "You were the one who made the wish, Goodfellow. I seem to recall telling you not to do it. Of all people, you should've known better."

"Really?" I looked at the grinning prankster. "Do I even want to know?"

"You really don't, princess."

"He was trying to make Oberon forget about a certain prank that went off in Titania's bedchambers," Ash answered for him. "I don't even remember what it was, but it backfired and caught Oberon instead of Titania. The Erlking was about ready to tear his head off."

"Oh, great, ice-boy, make it sound like the worst thing ever."

I rolled my eyes at him. "It's a wonder you've survived this long. What happened with the tree?"

Puck scratched the back of his head. "Well-and this was a long time ago, understand-we made it to the tree-"

"Which took no small amount of effort, because Oberon was hunting us all over the wyldwood," Ash broke in.

"Who's telling the story here, ice-boy? Anyway..." Puck sniffed. "We made it to the tree. And I wished that Oberon would just...forget about that little misunderstanding. I thought I phrased it very well, didn't leave anything to chance. And, it worked...sort of."

"Sort of?"

"Everyone forgot us." Ash sighed. "The entire Nevernever. No one remembered who we were, that we'd ever existed." He leveled a piercing glare at Puck. "I very nearly faded away, thanks to you."

"He'll never let me forget that," Puck told me, rolling his eyes. I stared at him in alarm, and he grimaced. "But yeah. It was a pain in the ass to get that wish reversed. Not something I'd want to do again. Wishing Tree equals bad news. And that's not even counting the stupid thing guarding it."

"Which is why I am here, Goodfellow." Grimalkin sighed from up ahead. "Do not worry about the phrasing of the wish-I will take care of that. All you must concern yourself with is getting the queen past the sentinel of the tree. That is why you are here, I assume."

"Sentinel?" I frowned as a thick wall of bramble and thorns peeled back for me, revealing a small clearing beyond. "What sentinel?"

Puck winced and nodded into the glen. "That sentinel."

A tree stood in the center of the clearing. It was large and pale, bare of leaves, with crooked branches reaching up to claw the sky. However, only the top limbs were visible above the coils of a massive snake curled around the trunk. The huge serpent, black and shiny with thick, armorlike scales, shifted its huge body into an even tighter coil, looking like it wanted to suffocate the tree. I could see its head, resting on the ground, an arrow-shaped viper skull with lidless red eyes. A forked tongue, almost as long as me, flicked out to taste the air.

"Jeez, that thing has gotten huge," Puck muttered, crossing his arms as we stared at the gigantic creature. "I don't remember it being half that big the last time we killed it, do you, ice-boy?"

I started, frowning at him. "You killed it? Then, how is it...still here?"

"It doesn't stay dead," Ash replied, watching the monster over my shoulder. His hands came to rest lightly on my waist as he moved close. "If someone wants to use the Wishing Tree, they first have to kill the guardian. If they're successful, they get their wish, but the sentinel returns to life soon after, even bigger and harder to kill than before."

"Oh." I glared at Grimalkin, calmly washing his paws on a nearby rock. "That's just fabulous. And you expect us to kill that thing? It's the size of Walmart."

The cat yawned. "I do not expect you to do anything, Iron Queen," he said, examining his claws. "I am simply to guide you to where you need to go. If you do not wish to get to the oracle and inquire about the future of your child, that is your decision." He gave the paw a final lick, then set it down. "But the only way to the oracle is through the Wishing Tree. And the only way to the Wishing Tree is through the sentinel."

"He's right." Ash sighed, and drew his blade. Puck followed suit with his daggers. "If the only way to the oracle is past that serpent, then we're cutting a path straight through. We did it before-we'll just have to do it again."

"I love it when you talk my language, ice-boy." Puck grinned.

I drew my sword as well, but Ash put a hand my arm. "Meghan, wait," he said softly, pulling us back a step. I hesitated, then followed him back into the trees, out of sight of the serpent. "I don't want you to fight this time," he said as he bent close, his expression intent and serious. "Stay back with Grimalkin. Leave this fight to me and Puck."

I scowled. "What, you don't think I can handle myself?" I asked, vaguely aware that Puck had moved away, giving us some space. Grimalkin had also disappeared, so it was just me and my knight. I glared at him, hurt and indignant. "Afraid I'll get in your way or slow you down?"

"It's not that-"

"Then what is it?" I faced him calmly, drawing on the persona of the Iron Queen. I would not act like a whiny teenager. I was the ruler of Mag Tuiredh, the queen of thousands of fey, and I would not throw a tantrum in the middle of the Nevernever. "You know I can fight," I told him. "You were the one who taught me. We've fought side by side against Machina, Virus, Ferrum and an entire army of Iron fey. I've fought more battles than most have seen in a lifetime, and I know I'll have to fight more in the future. This is part of my duty, Ash. I'm not helpless anymore."

"I never said you were!" Ash pressed his hand to my cheek, peering at me intently, silver eyes bright. "I never meant to imply that," he continued in a softer voice, running his thumb over my skin. "It's just...you're carrying our child now, Meghan. I can't risk anything happening to you. To both of you."

My anger vanished. It was impossible to stay mad when he said things like that. But still, I was the Iron Queen. I would not let those I loved put themselves in danger while I watched from the sidelines. I'd done far too much of that already.

"Ash," I said, meeting that bright, soulful gaze. "I can't. I can't hang back and do nothing. Not anymore." He let out a quiet breath, and I placed my hands on his cheeks, gazing up at him. "Our life, our world, is always going to be dangerous, and there will always be something that wishes us harm. But if this is for the future of our child, and the future of our kingdom, I will stand with you and fight. That is my promise, and my duty as queen. I won't let anything come between us or stand in our way."

Ash's eyes grew smoldering. "As you wish, my queen," he said in a low voice, bending close. "If this is your will, then I will fight beside you with everything I have." And he brushed his lips to mine.

We kissed until Grimalkin's impatient sigh filtered through the brambles around us.

"Goodfellow is getting uncomfortable," the cat said, as we reluctantly pulled away. "And the guardian is waiting for you. Perhaps we can refrain from celebrating until after it is defeated." He sniffed as I rolled my eyes, grabbing my sword from where I'd jammed it into the earth. "Also, I feel obligated to point out that the sentinel is very near invincible now. Its scales will turn away most sword blows, and it is impervious to magical attacks. A frontal assault would be most unwise."

"Okay, so how are we supposed to kill the thing?"

Grimalkin sniffed. "How was Achilles finally defeated? How did the dragon Smaug meet his end? There is always a chink in the armor, human. It is small, but it is always there."

A piercing hiss rent the relative silence of the glade, making me flinch, and Grimalkin disappeared. The huge snake had uncoiled, and was towering in front of the tree, its tongue flicking the air rapidly. And then another arrow-shaped head rose up where the tail should've been, identical to the first and just as frightening. The two-headed serpent hissed again, sounding angry and defiant, flashing twin pairs of very long, curved fangs.

"Uh, guys?" Puck glanced over his shoulder at us. "Not to be rude and all, but this thing is starting to eye me like I'm a big tasty mouse. I hope you two are planning to join the party soon."

I shared a glance with Ash, who waited quietly, not looking at the snake or Puck or Grimalkin, but at me. "Ready for this?" I asked him, and he nodded, gesturing with his sword.

"Lead the way, my queen. I'm right beside you."

We left the trees, walking calmly across the field, side by side. The monstrous, two-headed snake hissed a challenge and reared up into a coiled S, ready to strike.

"How you wanna do this?" Puck muttered as we got closer. The sentinel's beady eyes followed us as we approached, never blinking, and it had gone perfectly, dangerously still. I felt the tension lining its huge body, like a rubber band stretched to breaking, and my heart pounded.

"You take one head," Ash replied, his narrowed gaze on our opponent. "I'll take the other. Meghan, that will give you enough of a distraction to look for the weak spot. And let's hope Grimalkin knows what he's talking about."

"Weak spot?" Puck echoed, looking confused. "What weak spot? Last time we fought this thing, we just hacked it to-"

One snake head lunged. Insanely fast, it darted in, jaws gaping, a dark blur that took me by surprise. Puck, however, was ready for it. He leaped straight up and, as the snake's jaws snapped shut in the place he had been, landed on the flat, scaly head.

The sentinel hissed and reared back, shaking its head, trying to dislodge its unwanted passenger. Puck whooped loudly, clinging like a leech, dagger flashing as he hacked and stabbed when he could. Where the dagger edge met scales, sparks flew, but the blade was unable to pierce the thick hide. Still, it must've pissed the snake off royally, because the head went crazy trying to dislodge him.

"Meghan, watch out!"

I jerked back, cursing myself. In the split second my gaze had been on Puck, the second head had streaked toward me. Ash lunged in front of me and met the attack with his own, the ice-blade slashing down to catch the serpent in the eye. The snake screamed, in pain this time, and recoiled. Hissing furiously, it turned on Ash, who stepped forward to meet it, his blade held up before him.

Too close, Meghan. Focus, dammit.

I took a deep breath and felt the glamour of Summer and Iron rise up in me. With Puck and Ash keeping the sentinel busy, I closed my eyes and sent my magic into the ground, into the wyldwood itself. I felt the roots of the ancient Wishing Tree, extending deep into the earth, the power that hummed through it and all the Nevernever. I could even feel the heartbeat of the sentinel itself, the sudden fear as it realized the two warriors it fought were just a distraction. That the small, insignificant human on the ground, glowing with sudden power, was the real threat.

"Meghan!"

I heard Ash's warning shout, sensed that both heads had broken off their attacks and were now coming for me. I felt the speed of the heads as they darted in, lethal fangs extending to pierce me and swallow me whole, and smiled.

Too late, I'm afraid.

The roots of the Wishing Tree, thick and gnarled and ancient, erupted from the dirt around me, surging into the air. They shot forward to meet the sentinel, wrapping around the huge coils, pinning it to the ground.

Hissing, the snake thrashed and flailed its powerful body, snapping the tough, thick roots and wiggling free. It was strong, stronger than I expected. Triumphant, the heads reared up again, ready to strike. But an ice-spear flew through the cage of branches, striking one head, and a huge raven swooped in to peck at the eye of the second. The heads flinched, distracted for a brief moment, and that was all the time I needed.

I called the roots again, but this time, my Iron glamour surged forth, infusing the wood as it wrapped around the snake. The sentinel hissed and thrashed again, trying to break free, but the ancient roots were streaked with iron now and as strong as cables. The snake's thrashing slowed as the iron roots coiled around it, and it shrieked in frustration.

Gripping my sword, I walked forward, still sending power flowing into the tree, the merged glamour of Summer and Iron. I passed the first head, which hissed and tried to snap at me, failing. I walked calmly past the second, to the same result, until I stood in the center of the coil of roots and snake. And I closed my eyes again, searching for the heartbeat, the pulse of life that pounded through the huge sentinel. I followed that beat, the coils of both snake and tree thrashing wildly around me, until I found it. A chink in the snake's armor, a hole barely the size of my fist. The sentinel wailed, beady red eyes glaring at me through the branches, and I gave it a sad smile.

"I'm sorry. But I am the Iron Queen, and you are in my way."

Raising my sword, I drove it, point down, into the crack between scales, sinking it deep. The sentinel screamed, a high piercing wail, and convulsed madly, shaking the roots of the tree. I staggered away, clutching my sword, as it wailed and thrashed, fighting the inevitable. At last, its struggles slowed, the light went out of its crimson eyes and it finally stopped moving.

I slumped against a branch, breathing hard, my body spent from using so much power. Pushing myself off the root, I sheathed my blade as Ash and Puck came through the web, both their expressions blank with disbelief. I grinned at them tiredly.

"There, that wasn't so bad," I said, still trying to catch my breath. "So, why did you guys have such a hard time, before?"

Puck blinked at me, and Ash approached until he stood only a few feet away. Silently, he met my gaze and, lowering his head, gave me a very solemn bow. "You are truly a queen of Faery," he said in a voice only I could hear. "I am honored to be your knight."

A lump caught in my throat, but at that moment, the Wishing Tree flared up and blazed with light. I flinched and turned away as hundreds, if not thousands, of candles sprang to life along the branches, making the entire tree glow in the darkness like a beacon.

"Oh, yeah," Puck commented, staring up at the galaxy of flickering lights. "I remember this. Bit of advice, princess-only blow out the one candle. Bad things happen if you try to wish for more than one thing."

Warily, we stepped beneath the limbs of the tree, feeling the heat from a thousand tiny flames against our faces. I caught a flash of gray fur overhead, and Grimalkin peered down at us from one of the branches, the candlelight reflected in his golden eyes. "The wish has already been spoken," he purred, waving his tail. "The way to the oracle is clear. When you are ready, simply douse a candle and close your eyes. The tree will do the rest."

"Yeah, and what else will it do, I wonder?" Puck muttered, giving both Grimalkin and the flickering candles a dubious look. "You sure you voiced the wish exactly right, cat? No loopholes or funny turns of phrase that could be used against us? I don't wanna wake up as a frog or find myself on the bottom of the ocean or something crazy like that."

The cat scratched an ear, unconcerned. "I suppose you will have to take your chances."

I spotted a candle on a low hanging limb, its orange flame dancing weakly in the shadows. "Come on," I told the boys quietly. "If this is the only way to the oracle, we have to do this. No turning back now."

Ash moved beside me and took my hand. "We don't want to get separated," he murmured, lacing our fingers together. "There will be a cost, later, that's how it works. The Wishing Tree always demands a price, no matter what Grimalkin says."

My stomach twisted, but Ash gave me a reassuring smile and squeezed my hand. I felt the smooth metal of his wedding band press against my skin, and I smiled back.

Half turning, I held out the other hand to Puck. He hesitated, still eyeing the tree, and I wrinkled my nose at him.

"Robin Goodfellow," I said, giving him a challenging smile, "don't tell me you're afraid."

His green eyes flashed with familiar defiance, and he stepped close, taking my hand. "Not on your life, princess," he returned, smirking. "Though don't think I don't know what you're doing. If we all end up as llamas, I'm going to spend the rest of my life following you around saying 'I told you so' in llama-ese."

I quickly pushed away the thought of Puck as a llama before I started laughing. I needed to stay serious, focus on what lay ahead. The oracle waited for me, and she held the answers about my child. But I wasn't afraid anymore. Not with Ash and Puck beside me, their fingers wrapped tightly around mine, protective auras glowing strong. Just like old times, as Puck said. The three of us had been through so much together and always won; this wasn't going to be any different.

I squeezed their hands, raised my head and blew out the candle. A thin wisp of smoke curled into the air, and that was the last thing I saw.

CHAPTER SIX

I opened my eyes, blinking in confusion. I didn't remember closing them, but I must have, because everything was different. The glen and the Wishing Tree were gone, as was the body of the monstrous snake. A tunnel of thick black brambles surrounded me, bristling with thorns, the branches creaking and slithering against one another like they were alive.

"Well, we're here," Puck said, releasing my hand to pat himself down, as if making sure he was all there. "Looks like we made it in one piece, too." He peered past me to where Ash stood on the other side, squeezing my fingers in a death grip. "And all together. I was half expecting us to land in different corners of the Nevernever, or at the very least surrounded by nasties wanting to tear our heads off. Looks like Furball actually pulled it off."

"What did you expect, Goodfellow?" Grimalkin sauntered by, tail in the air, and did not look at us. "I am a cat."

I stole a glance at Ash. He looked relieved as well, though I could tell he was worried about the whole situation. He, too, had been expecting trouble the moment we arrived.

"Stay alert," he told us softly as we moved forward, following Grimalkin down the tunnel of thorns. "Just because there are no surprises now doesn't mean there won't be some later."

Ahead of us, the ceiling of the tunnel began to shimmer, rippling with waves of blue light. As we reached the end of the corridor, the passage opened up, and we stood at the edge of a small grotto surrounded by thorns. Overhead, the Briars shut out the sky, branches woven so tightly together the area felt more like a cave than anything else. The walls were filled with human clutter: toys, books, picture frames, trophies, stuffed animals, all dangling from the thorns or speared upon a long black spike. Grimalkin had vanished within the clutter, like another stuffed animal in the huge pile of toys. A porcelain doll with a missing eye stared at me as I ventured past the lip of the tunnel into the chamber.

"Well, that's just all kinds of creepy," Puck muttered at my side, giving the doll a look of alarm. "If you see any clowns, do me a favor and don't point them out, okay? I'd rather live without the nightmares."

I was about to snap at him for putting the thought of killer clown dolls in my head, when Ash touched my arm and nodded to something ahead of us.

In the center of the grotto, a bright, glowing pool threw hazy reflections over the walls and ceiling. But the pool itself was perfectly still, like the surface of a mirror, and you could see everything reflected in it. The walls full of clutter and the ceiling of the grotto plunged down like a hole in the pool's surface. At the edge of the water, slumped in an ancient rocking chair like a pile of discarded rags-or a long desiccated corpse-was a familiar old woman.

For few seconds, the oracle was so very still that I thought she was dead, after all. Then her head slowly turned, and those empty, eyeless pits fastened on me.

"You have come." She rose from the chair as if she were on strings and raised a withered hand, beckoning us forward. I squared my shoulders and marched toward her, Ash and Puck close behind me. The Briars seemed to hold their breath, the dolls and other toys watching intently, until we stood just a few feet from the ancient hag, the now-familiar stench of grave dust and old newspapers clogging the back of my throat.

For a second, nobody moved.

I cleared my throat. "All right," I announced, meeting that eerie stare head-on. Or, hoping I did, anyway. It was difficult to glare at an eyeless face-you didn't really know if it was looking at you or not. "I'm here, Oracle. We came as fast as we could. Now, what is this offer you were speaking of at Elysium? What do you know about my child?"

"Your child," the oracle mused, almost dreamily. "Your son. Yes, I know much about him," she continued, smiling at my shock. "Many futures have I glimpsed, and in all, he is a remarkable creature, born of Summer, Winter and Iron, an anomaly among all his kind. Human and fey, with the magic of all three courts flowing through his veins, he will possess a power none have ever seen." She paused then, her forehead creasing like wrinkled paper. "And here is where his future becomes cloudy. Something is out there, Iron Queen, something dark, and it has the power to turn your son from you. I cannot see what it is, perhaps it is not even in the world yet, but he is balanced on a very fine edge, able to fall either way. And what comes after..." She shook her shriveled head. "I have seen death and destruction on a grand scale, many lives lost, the courts destroyed, and in the center of it all is your son."

I was having trouble breathing. My legs felt shaky, and I locked my knees to keep myself upright. Beside me, even Puck looked stunned, his face pale beneath his red hair. Ash didn't say anything, but he stepped close and placed a steady hand on the small of my back, just to reassure me he was still there. I leaned into him and drew strength from his touch.

"You...still haven't told me your offer," I whispered, reeling from the flood of information the oracle had thrown at me. "You could have told me this at the Voodoo Museum, or anywhere in the Nevernever. Why did you call us here?"

The oracle's thin lips curled in a grim smile. "Because, I have something to show you, Iron Queen," she whispered back, and turned to gesture at the water behind her. "The Dreaming Pool can show anyone their future, or the future of another, if one knows where to look. Come..." She beckoned me with a talon. "Step forward, into the waters, and I will show you your son."

I shared a glance with Ash, and he nodded. But before we could step forward, the oracle spoke again. "Only the Iron Queen," she said, as I looked up sharply. "I can take only one with me into the pool. This is the queen's decision, no others'."

"This is Ash's son, too," I protested. "He deserves to see this."

"I cannot," the oracle said simply. "I can show only one, and you are the queen. This responsibility, and the choice that comes with it, falls to you."

Ash took my arm, gently drawing us away from the shimmering light of the pool. Puck nonchalantly moved between us and the oracle, crossing his arms and smirking at her, making sure she didn't follow, but she did not move.

I looked up at Ash, and he offered a faint smile, taking my hands. "It's all right," he murmured, gazing into my eyes. "I trust you. I know you'll do what's best for our son, even if I can't be there. Just remember this, Meghan." One hand rose to cup my cheek. "Whatever the oracle shows you, no matter how bleak or terrible or frightening, it hasn't happened yet. Don't let her terrify you into doing something we'll both regret."

I nodded, my heart pounding. Ash lowered his head and kissed the side of my neck, right below my ear, and I shivered. "I love you," he whispered. "Know that I'm with you always, even if you can't see me." He pulled back just enough to place a soft kiss on my lips, his gaze intense. "Whatever you discover, you're not alone. You have me, and Puck, and a whole kingdom, ready to stand beside you at a word. There is nothing the oracle can reveal that will make us abandon you."

My throat felt tight. I wanted to fall into him, to curl into his arms and shut out the whole world. But the oracle was watching us; I could feel the hollow pits of her eyes on the back of my head, and I could not appear weak, not now. So I pressed a palm to Ash's cheek, trying to convey what I felt without words. He covered my hand with his own and smiled.

Then I turned, raised my chin and walked back to the oracle.

She was no longer in the same spot but had drifted out into the center of the Dreaming Pool, still watching my every move as we joined Puck at the edge. Our reflections gazed back at us, perfect mirror images on the glassy surface: the Iron Queen, her knight and the infamous Robin Goodfellow, smirking at the hag in the center of the pool. The oracle stood on top of the water, as if the pool was only an inch deep. Though the water was so still, it was impossible to discern the bottom; all I could see was the brambly roof of the grotto, reflected back at me.

"Step forward, Iron Queen," the oracle beckoned. "Come to Anna, and I will show you your son. Remember, only you are allowed this privilege. Your knight and the Summer prankster must stay behind. Do not worry, it will not take long."

"Oracle," Ash said in a deadly calm voice as I took a step forward, halting at the water's edge. "I am trusting you with the well-being of my wife and a queen of Faery," he continued as I hesitated. "If she returns harmed in any way, not only will you face the wrath of the entire Iron Court, you will have to deal with me, personally."

"Yeah, and he won't be alone, either," Puck chimed in, sounding more serious than I'd heard in a while. "You'll have to deal with both of us, not to mention a very pissed-off Summer King. And probably the entire Seelie Court." He grinned then, but it was one of his scary, evil smiles. "Just a friendly warning to bring her back unscathed."

The oracle pursed her bloodless lips. "Your queen's physical body will be in no danger," she said reluctantly, as if being forced to read the fine print of a contract. "However, glimpsing the future, even a small part, is a serious matter, and can be traumatizing for weaker minds. I cannot promise that your queen will not be changed by what she will see. I can only show her the future. I cannot be responsible for how it affects her."

Puck turned a worried gaze on me. "Sure you wanna do this, princess?"

I felt Ash at my back, remembered his words, the look in his eyes, and felt no fear. "Yes," I said firmly, facing the pool again. Ash had seen our future, a possible one, anyway, and it hadn't stopped him. I needed to do this, to discover everything I could about my child, our son. "I'm ready," I told the oracle. "Show me what you've seen. I want to know."

"Then, come," the oracle whispered, holding out a hand. "Step into the Dreaming Pool, Meghan Chase. Step into the pool, and I will take you to your son."

I walked forward, expecting the sink below the surface, to wade out to where the oracle floated above the water. But the pool was only an inch deep, after all, because the water didn't even come past my ankles, barely soaking the hem of my jeans as I walked out to the middle of the pool. The water barely rippled as I passed, maintaining its near-perfect glassiness even when my footsteps broke the surface. By the time I reached the oracle, waiting in the center, the pool had returned to absolute calm once more.

The oracle's eyeless holes scanned my face. "Are you certain this is what you wish?" she asked, as if this was the last formal courtesy she had to get out of the way. "You cannot unsee what you are about to discover."

"I'm sure," I said.

She nodded once. "Then look down, Iron Queen. Look straight down, into the water."

I looked down.

My reflection stared back at me, perfectly clear. I felt like I was standing on a piece of glass or a giant mirror, rather then the surface of a pool. But, then I stared past my image, past my head, to where the ceiling of the grotto should've been reflected in the water's surface.

The brambly ceiling of the chamber now blazed with stars, and a full silver moon beamed down from a cloudless sky.

Startled, I looked up. The shadowy grotto had disappeared. A puddle still soaked my feet, but I now stood in the middle of a grassy field, gentle hills rolling away on either side. In the distance, at the bottom of a slope, fluffy white creatures moved through the grass like stray clouds, and their faint baas drifted to me over the breeze.

"Where am I?" I asked, turning in a slow circle. A hint of dust and decay abruptly caught in my throat and sent the sheep bolting over the hills in terror.

"The mortal realm," the oracle whispered, appearing behind me. "Ireland, I believe it is called now. The birthplace of many of our kind."

I was about to ask what we were doing in Ireland, when another scent on the wind made me stop, my heart jumping to my throat. It was faint, but I recognized it immediately; live through enough war and battles, and the smell becomes impossible to ignore.

Blood.

I followed the direction of the breeze and saw a lone figure several yards away, standing beneath the light of the moon. His back was to me, but I could see he was tall and lean, his loose silver hair gleaming in the darkness, tossed gently by the wind. He stood in the middle of a ring of toadstools, huge white bulbous things that formed a near-perfect circle around him.

As I approached, my heart began a strange thud in my chest. The figure didn't turn around, his attention focused on the ground at his feet. As I got closer, I saw the sword, curved and graceful, held loosely in one hand. The blade and the arm that held it were stained with blood, dark streaks all the way past his elbow.

As I drew close, the figure turned, and I gasped.

I couldn't see his face; it was blurry and indistinct, his features hidden as if in a fog. But I knew him; I recognized him as surely as I knew my own shadow, my own heartbeat. Bright, tall, achingly handsome, even if I could not see his face. I sensed piercing, icy-blue eyes, somewhere in the haze between us, felt him smile at me.

My son. This is my son.

And he was covered in blood. It stained his hands, his arms, was splattered in large streaks across his chest. My heart gave a violent lurch, thinking he was fatally wounded, dying perhaps. Was this what the oracle wanted to show me? Was this the grief she was talking about, the death of my child? But how could that be, when he was standing right there, and I could still feel his smile, directed at me?

Then I realized the blood was not his own.

And I saw what was lying in the grass before us.

The world seemed to stop for a moment. My legs shook, and I sank to my knees, unable to hold myself up any longer. No, this couldn't be. This was a cruel joke, a nightmare.

A body lay at my son's feet, sprawled on its back in the grass, gazing sightlessly at the moon. Another boy, my age perhaps, with messy brown hair and smoky blue eyes. A pair of short blades were clutched loosely in his hands, though the edges were clean. Blood pooled from a gaping slash in his chest, right over his heart, staining his once-white T-shirt nearly black.

I felt sick, and covered my mouth to keep from screaming. I'd never seen this boy, not like this, but I knew him. I recognized his face, his eyes, the tug on my heart. Though he was years older now, and had changed so much, I'd know him anywhere.

"Ethan," I whispered, touching his arm. It was cold, sticky, and I yanked my hand back, shaking my head. "No," I said, trembling. "No, this isn't true. It can't be." I looked up at my son, who was no longer smiling, and I sensed his cold blue eyes, appraising me. "Why?"

My son didn't answer. Sheathing his sword, he stared down at the body, and though his face remained hidden and blurred, I could sense tears running down his cheeks. A voice, low and soft, clear and high, filled with infinite possibilities, drifted over the grass.

"I'm sorry."

Then he turned and walked away, leaving me shaking with grief and horror and confusion, staring at the lifeless shell of my baby brother.

"That is always the trigger," the oracle whispered behind me. "No matter what your son chooses afterward, be it savior or destroyer, this scene is the catalyst that heralds the entire event. The death of Ethan Chase brings with it a storm unlike any Faery has seen, and in the eye of the hurricane stands your son."

"This can't...be his only future," I whispered, unwilling to believe that my son was destined to kill my brother. "There have to be other paths, other outcomes. This can't be for certain."

"No," the oracle said, almost reluctantly. "It is not the only path. But this is the future that is the most clear. And it becomes clearer with every passing day. Be forewarned, Iron Queen, your brother and your son are on a collision course toward each other, and if they ever meet, the fate of the Nevernever dangles in the balance. As do the lives of your family. But...I can stop it."

I finally tore my gaze from Ethan's body and looked at her. "You? How?"

The oracle's eyes were pitiless holes as she watched me, the wind fluttering her clothes like old rags. "I offer a contract," she whispered. "A bargain, for the sake of the Nevernever and your family. For all the lives it will save, including your brother's."

A cold hand gripped my stomach. I suddenly knew what she was going to ask, but I continued nonetheless. "What kind of contract? What do you want from me?"

"Your child," she replied, confirming my hunch and making my insides recoil. "Promise me your firstborn son, and all the futures I have glimpsed with him will melt away. Your brother's life will be spared, and the Nevernever will be in no danger, if you remove his string from the tapestry."

"No!" The response was swift and automatic, without thinking. No way I was giving my firstborn son to this creepy faery. It was out of the question. But the oracle held up her hands in a placating gesture, claws glinting the moonlight.

"Think about it carefully, Iron Queen," she whispered. "I know your initial response is to refuse, but think about the implications of your choice tonight. The fate of the Nevernever, and your human family, hangs on this one string. You are a queen of Faery-you have responsibilities now, to your subjects and your kingdom. It is your duty to protect them, from all threats, whatever form they wear. If this was not your son, if this was a random stranger threatening the future of the Nevernever, of countless lives, would you not choose to stop it?"

"But it's not a random stranger," I said in a shaking voice. "It's my child. Ash's child. I can't do that to him."

"You are his queen," the oracle went on. "He will understand, and he will support any decision you make, regardless if he agrees or not." She held out a hand, her voice earnest. "I promise you, Meghan Chase, your son will want for nothing with me. I will be like a mother to him. He will grow up unaware of his true heritage, far from the courts and any influences they might have over him. He will be safe, and he will never grow into the threat you saw tonight. That is my offer, and my solemn vow. So, Meghan Chase..." She drifted closer, her hollow gaze burning into me. "The fate of your world hangs on this reply. What is your answer? Do we have a deal?"

I closed my eyes. Could I do this? Give up my son, to save the Nevernever? Was I being selfish, dooming everyone to chaos and destruction, if I refused? And what of my family? My brother, the one who had started the entire adventure, in a way. I'd do anything to keep him safe. Just...not this.

I clasped my hands in front of my face, thinking, and my fingers pressed against something cool and hard. Opening my eyes, I looked down at my hand. My ring sparkled in the moonlight, gold and silver, reminding me of its twin and the knight it was attached to.

Ash saw his future, I thought suddenly. He saw our future. Or, one of them, anyway, when he was trying to earn a soul. Did he see this? Our son killing Ethan, destroying the Nevernever? If he did...

If he had...he hadn't let it stop him. He had finished what he'd set out to do: he'd earned his soul, and come back to the Iron Realm to be with me.

"I trust you." His voice echoed through my head, like he was right there, standing behind me. "I know you'll do what's best for our son. Remember, whatever the oracle shows you, no matter how bleak or terrible or frightening, it hasn't happened yet."

"No, it hasn't," I whispered.

The oracle wrinkled her forehead. "What was that?" she asked, frowning. "I did not hear you. Have you come to a decision, Meghan Chase?"

"I have." I straightened my shoulders and stared her down. "And the answer is no, Oracle. No deal. I'm not giving up our son, because of a future that might come to pass. And you have some nerve, trying to force this decision on me without the father of my child present to hear it, as well. We're a family now. Whatever happens, we will deal with it, together."

The oracle's withered, eyeless face crumpled with rage. "Then I am sorry, Iron Queen," she hissed, floating back several paces. "If you will not accept my offer, you give me little choice. For the future of the courts, and all of Faery, you will not leave this place."

I drew my sword, and the oracle hissed, raising her steely talons. "You gave your word," I told her as she circled me like a dusty, ragged phantom, her hair writhing in the breeze. "You promised Ash and Puck that I would not come to harm."

"I said your physical body will not be harmed," the oracle replied, baring rotten yellow teeth. "But we are not in the physical world anymore, human. This is more a dream, or a nightmare, depending on how you see it."

Damn faery word games. I should've seen this coming. "Ash and Puck are still waiting for me," I told her, keeping the point of my blade angled in her direction. "If I don't return, you'll have the entire Iron Realm coming after you. This isn't worth it, Oracle."

"Your protectors know nothing of what is happening now," the oracle replied, darting back like a marionette whose strings were jerked. "They see only your physical body, and the death of your dream self will not affect it. Though they will take an empty husk back to the Iron Court tonight, and by that time, I will be long gone. I did say your mind might not be unchanged by this little encounter."

I growled a curse and lunged at her, stabbing with my sword. She jerked back, baring her rotten teeth. "This is my realm, Meghan Chase," she spat. "You might be a queen of Faery, and have an entire kingdom ready to fight for you, but here, the dream obeys me!"

Snarling, she waved a claw, and the landscape twisted around us. The moonlit hills disappeared, and black, gnarled trees rose up around us, clawing and grasping. I dodged, cutting away branches that slashed at me with twiggy claws, and the oracle hissed a laugh.

I smacked away a limb reaching for my head and spun to face the withered hag. My arms shook with anger, but I kept my voice calm. "Why are you doing this?" I asked, watching her glare at me balefully. "You were never spiteful, Oracle. You helped us a great deal before, why turn on me now?"

"You do not see, do you, child?" The oracle's voice was suddenly weary. She waved a claw, and the trees retreated a bit. "I do not take pleasure in this. I truly do not wish your death. It is for the good of the Nevernever, for all of us. Your human sentiments make you blind-you would sacrifice the courts to save one child."

"My child."

"Exactly." The oracle shivered, seemed to ripple in the air. Then, like she was being torn in half, her dusty, ragged body split, became two, six, twelve copies. The duplicate oracles spread out, surrounding me, their wrinkled mouths speaking as one. "You make decisions as a human and a mother, not a true queen. Mab would not hesitate to give up her progeny, even her beloved third son, if she thought he put her throne in danger."

"I am not like Mab. And I never will be."

"No," the oracles agreed sadly, and raised their claws. "You will not be anything."

They came at me all at once, a dozen ragged, jerky puppets lunging at me from all sides. I dodged one attack and lashed out with my sword at the next. The blade sheared through the thin body and the duplicate wailed, exploding into a cloud of dust. But there were so many of them, slashing and clawing at me; I felt talons catch my skin, tearing through my clothes, leaving bright strips of fire in their wake. I danced around and through them, dodging and parrying their blows like Ash had taught me, striking back when I could. But I knew I couldn't keep this up forever.

The oracles drew back. Their numbers were smaller now, little swirls of dust dissolving in the wind, but I was hurt, too. I could feel the gashes their claws had left behind, and took deep, slow breaths, trying to focus through the pain.

One of the oracles gestured, and the tree behind me bent entirely in half and tried crushing me beneath its trunk. I dove away, feeling the impact rock the ground, and rolled to my feet, panting. The trees were groaning and swaying at weird, unnatural angles, and the oracles shuffled forward again, trying to drive me back into the forest.

This is just a dream, I thought, trying to stay calm. A dream world that the oracle controls, but a dream nonetheless. I am not going to die here. I am the Iron Queen, and if the Nevernever responds to my wishes, then I can control this nightmare, too.

The oracles surrounded me, trapping me between them and the swaying trees at my back. I took one step back and, for just a moment, closed my eyes and sent my will through the Dreaming Pool, just like I had in the Iron Realm.

"Know that I'm with you always, even if you can't see me."

I heard the oracles' piercing wail as they lunged to attack me again, and jerked my eyes open.

A flash of blue light erupted between me and two of the duplicates, shearing through them as easily as paper. The rest of them jerked to a halt, as Ash lowered his sword and turned to give me a brief smile.

"You called, my queen?"

The oracles shrieked, skittering backward, arms flailing. "Impossible!" they howled as Ash stalked forward, his face hard. "How? How did you bring him here?"

"That's a good question," came another voice, as Puck stepped out from the trees behind me, daggers already in hand. "One minute I'm trying to decide if that doll is looking at me funny, then next, poof, here we are. And just in time, too." He turned and smirked at the oracles, eyes gleaming. "That," he stated, waggling his knife at one of them, "is my trick."

The oracles screeched and flew toward us again, claws slashing. We met them in the center of the glade, the three of us, fighting side by side. Dust flew, swirling around us, as one by one, the duplicates vanished, cut down by my sword, stabbed with Puck's daggers or pierced through the heart with a shard of ice. Until, finally, only one was left.

"Wait!" the last oracle, the real one, cried, throwing up her hands as Ash stalked toward her. "Iron Queen, wait! Spare me, I beg you! I have not told you everything. I know one last secret. Knowledge of your son and your brother, something that could save them both!"

"Ash, wait," I called, and Ash halted, keeping his sword at the oracle's withered chest. "More secrets, Oracle?" I asked, walking up to her, keeping my blade drawn. "Why didn't you tell me this before?"

"Because it is a small thing," the oracle whispered, her sightless gaze shifting from me to Ash and back again. Puck joined us, arms crossed, a disbelieving smirk on his face. "The tiniest lynchpin, in a huge, complicated machine. But, if it is removed, the entire structure could fall, sending our world into chaos. It is the domino that begins the collapse of everything."

"Enough," I said, as Puck rolled his eyes dramatically. Ash didn't move, still keeping his blade inches from the oracle's heart, waiting for my orders. "Speak, then, Oracle. How do I stop this? Tell me, right now."

The oracle sighed. "To save your brother, you must-"

A deafening crack ripped the branches of the tree behind us, and a giant limb came smashing down, barely three feet from where we stood. I flinched, taking my eyes off the oracle for the briefest of seconds-

* * *

-and the scene disappeared. Blinking, I gazed around, wondering what had happened, where we were. Ash and Puck stood close by, also glancing around in confusion. The oracle was nowhere to be seen.

"What the hell?" Puck exclaimed, throwing up his hands. "What the heck just happened there? I'm getting a little tired of being poofed about whenever it strikes someone's fancy."

I saw an arched stone bridge standing a few yards away and drew in a short breath. "We're back in the wyldwood," I said, stunned. "At the edge of the Iron Realm. But...how?" I looked at Ash and Puck. "We were in the Briars, the Dreaming Pool. The oracle was just about to tell us how to save Ethan."

Ash let out a long sigh and sheathed his blade. "The Wishing Tree," he said, and I frowned in confusion. "There's always a cost for using it," he went on. "Something unexpected and unexplained that happens at the worst possible moment. This was the price that it took."

"Mmm, not a bad price if you ask me," came Grimalkin's voice from the top of the bridge railing. The cat perched on a post like he'd been there all morning, licking a paw. "Usually the cost is much more entertaining. But then, I was the one who voiced the wish, after all. There was very little room for error."

"So that's it?" I asked. "The oracle gets away, we don't know where she is and I still don't know anything about Ethan or my son. Or how to save them." I rubbed my temples, feeling a headache pound behind my eyes. "Why did we come here?" I whispered, feeling the dark unknown loom up before me. "It seems kind of pointless now. I'm going to be a paranoid wreck from now on."

"That is the danger of too much knowledge, human," Grimalkin said quietly. "Knowing the future is far too great a burden for most of your kind. However, once you do possess a bit of that knowledge, the question becomes, what do you do with it?"

"Nothing today," Ash said, drawing me against him. Surprised, I glanced up, and he gave me a weary smile. "Right now, I think we should go home. We can deal with whatever this brings, tomorrow."

I nodded and sagged against him. "Yeah, you're right. Glitch is probably having a minor breakdown about now. We should head back." I pulled away and looked at Puck, watching us with a small smirk and his hands behind his head. "What about you, Puck? I've missed you. Are you going to be sticking around?"

"Well, I was thinking of heading up to the Alps and tracking down this yeti tribe that's been seen around the area." Puck grinned and shrugged, putting his hands in his pockets. "But, with all the excitement cropping up, I think I might hang around. For a little while, anyway." He sniffed and made a face. "Wonder if Titania has cooled down any? I'll have to visit Arcadia and see what's been going on in my absence. I'm sure they'll be thrilled to have me back."

Smiling, I walked up to him, and he opened his arms. "Don't be a stranger, Puck," I whispered in his ear, pulling him into a hug. "It's not the same without you."

"Oh, I know," he replied cheerfully. "I don't see how anyone survives without me, it must be terribly dull." He pulled back and kissed my cheek. "I'll be around, princess. If you ever need me, just send a note. Or a gremlin. Or whatever." Stepping back, he raised a hand to Ash, who nodded solemnly. "Catch ya later, ice-boy. Maybe next time I see you, you'll be changing diapers and reading bedtime stories." He snickered and shook his head. "Ah, who would've thought you'd be the one tied down with a family, prince? How the mighty have fallen."

I smacked his arm, but Ash only shook his head. "I wouldn't want to be anywhere else," he said calmly. "Maybe you should try it, Goodfellow."

Puck laughed and backed away. "Me? Robin Goodfellow, a family man? Ha, not likely, ice-boy. I mean, think of what that would do to my reputation." Glamour shimmered around him, and he gave us a wink. "Later, lovebirds. Gimme a heads-up when the kid arrives. 'Uncle Puck' will be waiting."

With a cascade of glamour and black feathers, Puck transformed into a huge raven. Beating powerful wings, he rose above us with a mocking caw, swooped into the branches of the wyldwood and was lost from view.

I didn't have to turn around to know Grimalkin had vanished, as well. The railing was empty, both Grim and Puck were gone, but I wasn't sad. We would see them again, both of them. We had forever to catch up.

Ash held out a hand, and I stepped into him with a sigh, feeling his arms wrap around me. I closed my eyes, and he kissed the top of my head.

"Let's go home," he whispered.

EPILOGUE

I stood on the balcony of my room, letting the cool night breeze toss my hair, gazing down at Mag Tuiredh, far below. Beau sat beside me, tall German shepherd ears pricked to the wind, wary and alert. It was near midnight, and most of Mag Tuiredh was still. Peaceful. I wished I could find some of that tranquility.

Soft footsteps came onto the balcony, and a moment later Ash slipped his arms around me from behind. I reached back and buried a hand in his silky hair, and he nuzzled my neck, making me sigh. Beau gave me a sideways glance, huffed and padded back to the room, leaving us alone on the balcony.

"What are you thinking about?" my knight murmured against my skin.

"Oh, you know." I tilted my head as his lips trailed down my shoulder. "Oracles and prophecies and futures and such. Ash, can I ask you something?"

"Anything."

I turned to face him, taking his hands, and he waited patiently as I struggled with the question, wondering if I should really bring this up. But he did say I could ask him, and I didn't want us to hide anything from each other. "I...I know we haven't talked much about your quest at the End of the World," I began. "But...did you...see anything, when you lived that future life with me? Did you see anything about our son...destroying the courts?"

"Ah." Ash leaned back against the railing, drawing me with him. "I was wondering when that would come up."

"I'm sorry, Ash," I said quickly. "If you don't want to talk about it, I understand. I just thought...you've been so calm through all of this. I wondered...if you had seen anything..."

"No." Ash tightened his grip, stopping me from leaving. He met my gaze and smiled. "I didn't see anything of the oracle's prophecy, Meghan. If I did, if anything like that had happened to us, even in that dream, I would have told you. I swear."

"Oh." I was relieved, though a tiny bit disappointed, as well. If Ash had seen that future, we might know what was coming, what to expect. We might be able to prevent it.

Ash ran his hands up my arms, his gaze thoughtful. "It's strange," he mused, looking past me at the distant lights of Mag Tuiredh. "I can barely remember anything of that life anymore. I remember you, and our son, and ruling Mag Tuiredh, but...it's fading. I lose more of it every day." He gave his head a tiny shake, looking back at me. "I think that's how it's supposed to be. That life, it wasn't real. This..." He framed my cheek, his silver eyes intense as they met mine. "This is real. This is what's important to me now. I'm not worried about the future, whatever it brings. I have all I need, right here."

"I wish I had your confidence." I sighed.

Ash pulled me closer, his eyes gentle as they gazed into mine. "Meghan, I'm going to tell you something someone once told me, when I was afraid of what was to come." He lowered his head, soft strands of his hair brushing my skin. "Nothing is certain," he murmured. "The future is constantly changing, and no one can predict what happens next. We have the power to change our destiny, because fate is not set in stone, and we are always free to make a choice." His fingers came up to brush my hair back, tucking it behind one ear. "A very powerful seer told me that, once. And she was right. That's why I'm not afraid of the oracle's prophecy, or the future. We are only slaves to fate if we let it control us. There is always a choice."

I sniffed. "I wish you had told me that earlier," I mock grumbled at him. "It would've saved me a lot of freaking out."

Ash chuckled, low and deep. "I didn't know it would shake you so badly. The Meghan I know doesn't let small things like oracles and Prophecies of Doom stand in her way." I pinched his ribs, and he grunted a laugh. "I do know one thing," he continued. "Whatever this child will be, whatever it grows into, it will be loved. No prophecy, oracle, warning or premonition will ever change that."

He was right, and in that moment, I didn't think it was possible to love him more than I did right then. Leaning into him, I closed my eyes, and he gathered me close. Tilting my chin up, he kissed me gently, and I wrapped my arms around his waist. No matter what happened, if he was beside me, if we stood beside each other, we could face whatever the world threw at us.

"Ash," I whispered, my heart soaring with happiness, with relief and love, as I pulled back to face him. "Can you believe it? You're going to be a father."

His hand slipped down to my belly, palm gently pressing against my stomach, as his eyes shone with wonder and awe. He was going to be a father. We were going to be a family. "So," I ventured, smiling at him through my tears. "I guess the only question left is, what are we going to name him?"

Ash raised his head, meeting my gaze, and smiled back.

"I've always liked the name Keirran."

